A/N: Special thanks to the lovelyand talented Cairistiona for the beta feedback. The stars were fading in the East—the first sign that sunrise was not far off. Herumor instinctively drew his mount deeper into the shadows of the hills. Time was running out. He could wait all day if need be, but if his minions were to fight at their best, they needed to find their quarry soon. Patience, the man reminded himself. Perched atop his black horse, dark cloak drawn tight against the night wind, Herumor could almost be taken for one of the fabled Nazgûl. But, there was nothing incorporeal about the grizzled hand that clenched his sword hilt or the black eyes that glared out from behind a sable mask. His servants were growing restless. They sensed the approaching dawn. One, a particularly wretched beast dared to rise from his place of concealment. Herumor's throwing knife caught the goblin in the throat. The orc fell without a sound. Herumor stalked up to retrieve his dagger. The fallen orc's fellows ducked their heads and averted their eyes, clearly more frightened of their shadowed captain than of the approaching sunlight. The man wrinkled his nose in distaste. He would take men over these fell creatures any day of the week, but circumstances forced his hand. And besides, the beasts had their uses. There. A stray gust of wind carried the sound he'd been hoping for; the faint rustle of leaves indicated an approaching party. Herumor signaled his minions. There was a low creak as bows were drawn. The approaching party was moving cautiously. Four scouts patrolled—one ahead, one behind, and one to each side. Between the scouts rode eight mounted men—no, make that six mounted men. The last two horses carried the gray-cloaked forms of elves. Herumor suppressed a hiss of fury. Hearing that the traitors and their kin associated with the wretched Eldar race had not prepared him for seeing it in person. He forcibly stilled himself. He was not here to hunt elves. Leaving his mount behind, Herumor crept closer to the road. The first two men were engaged in some kind of debate. Their low voices should not have carried beyond the small party, but Herumor's hearing was hardly average. "I've told you too many times, Belegion, your nephew is too young to ride on patrols. Is it not enough that we must fight alongside sixteen-year-olds? Would you have us also endanger boys too young to shave?" "Halpharn is young, but he is now the eldest in his family. And besides, it is not we who endanger them but the Enemy." "We are nevertheless responsible for their safety. Valar's sake, Belegion, he's not yet fifteen!" "Yet already his family falls prey to the shadow. I don't like it anymore than you do, my lord, but experience has taught Halpharn that the village will not protect him—or his loved ones. If we do not accept him in a patrol, he will find his own way of lashing out against the Enemy. I have lost my brother to this fight, and now my niece is gone as well. I do not want to also lose my nephew." Herumor tuned out the rest of the conversation and focused on the man Belegion had called "my lord." The man was a Ranger, tall and thin like all the others, dressed in an unremarkable green cloak that was unadorned, save for the standard silver star at his shoulder. Herumor squinted to make out the man's face in the dim light. It was gaunt and dirty, with gray eyes and three days of stubble, but even so Herumor could see the resemblance. He indicated his target with a quick wave of his hand, and the news passed quickly and silently from orc to orc. The horsemen drew near. Their scouts passed within twenty feet of Herumor's concealed minions. Still, the captain waited. He savored the taste of the air, the anticipation of imminent death. It was nearly time. His work was almost complete. Finally, when the leader of the party passed a mere fifteen feet from the hidden orcs, Herumor let out a shrill whistle. The leader's head came up and turned, seeking the source of the strange noise. This proved a fatal mistake. A bowstring twanged and a black-feathered arrow buried itself in a silver eye. The man Belegion had called "Lord" didn't cry out; he just grunted slightly and sank in his saddle, slipping from his gray horse almost in slow motion. The sight took Herumor's breath away; silent, almost poetic death. The captain almost laughed. How easy it was, then, to slay a legend. Belegion broke the spell. "Arathorn!" he screamed, trying to catch the dead man even as the Ranger slid beyond his reach. His cry seemed to awaken the rest of the patrol. Bows were strung in a flash; swords appeared from saddle bags as if by magic. The two elves drew their long knives and spurred their horses towards the source of the signal. Herumor's orcs sprang out of their hiding places, almost a score strong, bellowing and swinging wildly. But Herumor himself sheathed his sword and stalked back towards his mount, swift and silent as the wraith he resembled. When the elves reached his former position, they would find only orcs. The scouts joined the battle, and orcs quickly began to fall under steel and shaft. Those who remained were wild and chaotic. They looked for their captain, but he had vanished like vapor. Herumor was no fool. Though his force outnumbered the Rangers, ill-trained orcs stood no chance against outraged Dúnedain. His servants had served their purpose; he could find others to replace them. Leaving the fury of battle behind, Herumor pushed his horse into a canter and raced away into the East. His task was almost complete. ////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// The first light of dawn stole across the worn floorboards and crept up the sleeping woman's pillow. Gilraen groaned and rolled over, trying to steal a few more moments of slumber. It was no use. The light's gentle nudging had not only woken her, but alerted her to the fact that her bed was cold. With a sigh, she pushed back the covers and reached for her thick dressing gown. Moving quietly, so as not to disturb the sleeping toddler at her feet, Gilraen rose and quickly made the bed. The chore was painfully easy; none of the covers on the left side of the big bed had been disturbed. Aragorn slept on, oblivious in his little trundle bed. After a moment's thought, Gilraen took an extra blanket from the foot of the big bed, folded it in half, and tucked it gently around her son's shoulders. Little Aragorn had his own bedchamber, of course—there were more than enough rooms to spare in the chieftain's cabin—but when his father was away on patrol, as Arathorn had been for the past two weeks, Gilraen preferred to keep her son close to her. The two-year-old stubbornly held that he was much too old to share the big bed, so the trundle was their compromise. The outer chambers faced west. Gilraen lit a candle to see by as she sparked the kindle in the big hearth. Winter was slow to release its grasp on the northern hills. Though March was almost gone and the earliest flowers were beginning to blossom, clear nights still left a hard frost on the earth and a chill in the air. As Gilraen patiently stoked the fire into a modest blaze, she was glad of the robe around her shoulders and the woven rug under her feet. She added another log. They were almost out of firewood. In another day or so she would have to choose between asking her brother to chop more or taking Aragorn to gather deadwood from the forest two miles away. When she estimated that she'd built the blaze up as much as was prudent, the woman stepped back to warm her fingers and admire her handiwork. The fire cast darting shadows over the big room—or the "hall" as Arathorn preferred to call it, though to Gilraen the grand name seemed incongruous with the humble wooden chamber. Still, she had to admit there was a certain splendor to it. Though stone was hard to come by and masons were few, the Dunedain who'd built this village had laid a foundation of granite that was built up into a large hearth and tall gray chimney. The wooden rafters curved upward, recalling the sweeping arches of palaces and fortresses long gone. The rough walls were hung with tapestries, many of them generations old, and here and there atop rustic furniture, one could spy a golden candlestick or a silver pitcher, memories of wealth long since faded. The Rangers had little, but they afforded their chieftain what honor they could. That sentiment was reflected in the size of the rest of the house—in the wide, flagstone-tiled kitchen, the dining room with its long table, and the many smaller chambers and sitting rooms. Sometimes Gilraen wondered ruefully whether the size of the house truly reflected a desire to honor the Chieftain or whether it was rather a not-so-subtle admonition to the family to produce many children. If that was indeed the motive, it had proven woefully ineffective of late. Arathorn was the only son of Arador, who was himself the only son to survive childhood. These days, the big house was full only when Arathorn's sisters came with their husbands and children at Midwinter. All the more reason to break the trend. Gilraen thought with a sly smile. Arathorn's farewell the night before leaving on patrol had been quite . . . enthusiastic. Though she had told no one as yet, when her husband returned in two weeks, Gilraen hoped to have good news. The sun was now fully over the distant hills, and its rays were finally filtering into the hall. Tucking her feet into a pair of leather slippers, Gilraen stepped through the foyer and tugged open the front door. Seeing the small wooden pitcher in its usual place on the front step, the woman smiled. Her neighbor, Lothiriel, had mouths to feed and troubles of her own, but she always made sure that Gilraen had fresh milk for Aragorn. Looking out over the collection of cabins, the woman couldn't help but snort at the wild optimism that had prompted her forefathers to name this simple village Fornost Eden. It looked the farthest thing from a fortress of kings. At first glance, the dwellings were built to suggest a simple community of herders—and indeed that was how most Northern Dunedain supplemented their winter storehouses. Fornost Eden was a modest collection of about a hundred houses, built of roughly hewn wood on a broad shelf halfway up a bluff. The narrow streets were just dirt packed hard by the passage of men and animals. Smithies and armories were tucked back against the hill, out of sight until one had passed through the entire village. The large stable masqueraded as a simple storehouse, and houses of healing were hidden away in lofts or back rooms of unassuming cabins. The trained eye, however, looked on Fornost Eden and saw immediately a town built for defense. The hills at its back were largely impassable and guarded the dwellings on two sides. A few trails cut through the heights, but they were narrow, allowing men to ride only two abreast at the widest points, and were so well concealed as to be nearly invisible. Aside from these trails, the only path to the village was up the eastern face of the bluff. The road there climbed and twisted, always within view of the village plateau. A few well placed archers at the edge of the bluff could defend the road from all but the most determined attacker, and though the town's gate was usually left open, two young men stood by the palisade walls night