Author's Note: This is a timestamp to "Ransom," and will make very little sense if you haven't read that story first. It is set in T.A. 3019, some weeks after Aragorn's coronation, but before Hakim and the other Haradric civilians arrive in Minas Tirith. Warnings for medical gore. Don't try this at home. The lovely and talented Cairistiona was kind enough to beta this for me. Summer came slowly to Minas Tirith, but when it reached the city, it struck with the force of a maul to the gut. The previous night's rainstorm had soaked the ruined fields of the Pelennor. The churn of armored feet had long since torn up much of the grass, and many of the farmers who worked those fields had not yet returned to the city. In the absence of plant life, the rainfall simply sat on the saturated ground, turning it into a mire. The mud steamed in the afternoon sun. A young man of Harad sat with his back to a palisade wall, staring out at the dismal little world that had been carved out for him. The log wall at his back enclosed the whole camp—an area of several acres. The tops of the walls were sharpened to points—a stern warning to any would-be escape artists. Here and there, square guard towers stood straight and tall. Gondorians armed with bows manned those heights, while spearmen watched the many gates. Between the walls stood row upon row of tents, large and small, some made out of familiar hide or felt, others out of the strange heavy canvas favored by the Gondorians. The "streets" between were nothing but mud—ankle deep at the best of times, all but impassable after a rainstorm. But, even as heavily-trodden slop, the earth had a loamy feel to it. This was rich soil—good for farming. The Haradri sighed. He could be a wealthy man if that land were his to put to the till instead. Of course, it was that sort of thinking that had landed him in this mud-spattered prison in the first place. His captors had taken his coat of bronze plates, his rough helm, his notched sword and broken bow. They had left him his clothes, but the garments were now so weather-beaten that the scarlet in his tunic was a distant memory. Still, he did not accept replacements from the rough peasant clothes the Gondorians offered, nor did any but the most desperate of his fellows. It had become a point of pride for them—refusing the Gondorians' patronizing attempts at charity. Besides, the Haradrim remembered well the proud sound of drums and the sun glinting off of bronze and scarlet and gold. They were not yet ready to part with even the memory of such splendor. He caught a glimpse of himself in a dirty puddle and sighed. His hair and beard were growing long and thick around deep, brown eyes. Without a razor, the resemblance was becoming even more apparent; he was his father's son. People had always told him that as if they expected it to bring him pride. His father, though, was a common herder who had made little of his life. Ayman had long resented the comparison. But, if he saw the old man now—if he was somehow alive and whole after all this upheaval, then Ayman, son of Hakim, would cast himself at his father's feet and plead forgiveness before him and all the old gods for ever thinking such uncharitable thoughts. A damp stump served well enough as a seat. He sat with his knees apart and a battered boot resting between them. Chewing his lip idly, he forced his makeshift needle through the side of the boot and pulled another stitch tight. The cracking leather, which these days welcomed water and mud like long-lost relatives, nonetheless resisted his attempts to repair it. His needle, after all, was fashioned from a splintered chicken bone and threaded only with embroidery thread salvaged from his own tunic. He was lucky to have the boot, even with its cracks and leaks. The sandals his aunt had fashioned for him had been woefully ineffective in this northern clime, and he'd lost both in the mud before winter's chill had quite left the ground. The boot in his hands, he'd recovered from a severed leg before tossing the limb into a trench grave. He knew not whether its original owner had been Rhûnic or Haradric or Tarkish. For all he knew, the man might still be alive. His other boot—the right one—was in better shape. He'd filched it, along with its mate, from a Gondorian guardhouse when his captors ordered him to clean out their hearths. It repelled the rain, but pinched mightily across the top of his foot, so he'd traded its mate for a fine dinner of grilled snake and an extra blanket. His hands worked steadily, even as he allowed his mind to wander. None of the dozens of men in his line of sight paid him any heed. Across the way, a large group hunched and squatted in a stony patch of land. From their raucous cheers and groans, they were probably betting on the cricket races or any of a dozen other games and sports they'd devised to pass the time. Just a few yards away, a man named Tayyib plucked a discordant rhythm on a battered string instrument. No one could figure out how the instrument, which was favored by shepherds in Near Harad, had survived both the long journey north and the desperate battle several months past. But, then, no one could figure out how Tayyib had survived the battle either. His determined strumming could hardly be called melodious, but no one had the heart to tell him to stop. Here and there, armored Gondorians patrolled in squads of four or six, breaking up quarrels and dispersing any group of captives that seemed too loud or too angry. Behind a row of tents, two young Haradrim had fashioned a crude ball out of rags and now tossed it back and forth. The game seemed childish and out of place amid a camp for prisoners of war, but then, so were the players; though no Haradri had seen a razor in over two months, the faces of these two were still smooth and soft with youth. Ayman swallowed another sigh. At least he had been allowed to grow to manhood in relative peace before his inevitable conscription. The tent nearest him belonged to a man named Elam—a fellow conscript from the edge of the desert. He was a good enough fellow—passable singing voice, generous with his winnings from the cricket races. Every morning, he pulled a stick from one of the many small campfires and made a small scorch mark in the side of his canvas tent. His crude calendar told the story of their captivity, with important dates circled with charcoal or marked with blood. It was more than two months, now, since they all had been captured on these very fields, while the Grand Army wavered and shattered around them. Six weeks since riders had reached the city and set all the bells to tolling and the heralds to crying. Already shut away within their log-and-dirt prison, it had taken the Haradrim some time to work out what had brought the northerners to such a frenzy, but when they did, color drained from many a face and trembling hands had reached up to tap shoulders and ward away evil. Mordor had fallen. Sauron was no more. The Haradrim no longer had the power to ward away evil. For weeks afterward, he had scarcely slept as he waited for the next hammer strike to fall. He pictured steel-edged columns making their way quickly down the Harad Road. With the Great Eye defeated, the Tarks would fall upon Near Harad and its unprotected homesteads like wolves upon sheep. Or, so he had always been told. But, if the Gondorim were indeed forging a new empire out of the ashes of his homeland, they were keeping it to themselves. A great energy came over the Gondorians in the days after what became known as the Last Defeat, but they put it towards nothing more sinister than beautifying their city. By day, bright banners flapped from every window. By night, the sounds of their celebrations stretched out across the Pelennor. And the prisoners of war waited in their pens, apparently forgotten by all but their sullen guards. A half-dozen Gondorians strode through the camp, looking more alert and watchful than most. Their leader interrupted the game of catch and questioned the two boys sharply. Still, Ayman paid them little mind until he saw one of the boys glance in his direction. A moment later, the youth raised a reluctant finger to point straight at him. As the guards turned his way, he hastily shoved his foot back in his boot. Attention was never good. But, there was nowhere to run, and, besides, he hadn't done anything wrong. Lately, at least. The six halted before him. Their leader cleared his throat. Though he knew what they wanted, Ayman stubbornly kept his seat and shot them his best approximation of a defiant glare. Several of the Gondorians seemed to grind their teeth at that, but their captain's face remained impassive. "You are Ayman, son of Hakim?" The man's Haradric was almost passable. Nevertheless, Ayman answered in the Gondorian's own tongue. "Who's asking?" The man seemed both relieved and a little irritated that Ayman spoke Westron. "That's none of your concern," he answered coldly, "Are you, or aren't you?" Unpleasant possibilities began to drift through Ayman's mind. Perhaps one of his fellow soldiers had fingered him as the perpetrator of some crime. Perhaps these guards were here to haul him off to the dungeons rumored to lie beneath the city. Perhaps they had decided to begin executing the prisoners or torturing them for information. He banished those thoughts with an effort. Running was useless and hiding was little better, so he simply bent his head and adjusted his boot, as if they weren't even worthy of his attention. "I am Ayman ibn Hakim." "What is your father's name?" That question startled Ayman into raising his head. He arched an eyebrow. "Hakim," he said in a tone of false patience. The Gondorian gave him a look that suggested his sass was not appreciated. After a moment, Ayman decided it might be best not to tweak their tails any further. "Hakim ibn Azzam of Near Harad," he said neutrally. After all, he'd already given this information to the scribes when they'd conducted a census of the prisoners weeks before. The guards exchanged a look. "Come with us," one said brusquely, "You're wanted in the infirmary." Ayman moved not one inch. "I'm not ill," he pointed out, "Nor injured." "That is easily mended," one of the guards muttered, but his captain gave him a warning look. "The healer's asked for you." "Which healer?" The other man ran out of patience quite suddenly. Seizing Ayman by the front of his tunic, he hauled him to his feet. "That'll be enough questions out of you. Infirmary or solitary—the choice is yours." Ayman straightened his tunic and glared at the man. "Infirmary," he said sullenly. As they set off, Ayman wracked his brain, trying to think what they could possibly want with him in the infirmary. They had seemed strangely interested in his father, though Ayman couldn't imagine why; Hakim, son of Azzam had lived his whole life without ever travelling more than two days' journey from the farm where he was born. Perhaps they merely wanted to be certain of his identity—both Ayman and Hakim were common names. His mind swam with visions of back rooms converted to interrogation chambers, with healers on hand to oversee them. He dismissed those visions as the folly of a paranoid man; if an unusual number of screams had suddenly begun to