A/N: This was written for the Teitho challenge "Promises." It has been edited slightly from the version that appeared in the contest. It is unbetaed. Faramir woke suddenly and completely as the earliest pre-dawn light filtered into his tent. He lay still for a moment, listening to the crickets chirp and cursing the old Ranger instincts that drew him so quickly to full alertness, even after more than four years of peace. His survival instincts, he'd found, could not differentiate between a few hours' sleep in enemy territory and a night in the King's well-fortified encampment on the banks of the Anduin. Normally, he enjoyed rising early; he appreciated the chance to quietly collect his thoughts before the bustle of the day overcame him. But, on mornings such as this, he would have welcomed a few more hours of oblivious slumber. His mind was drawn to another morning, five years past when he rose even earlier, driven from sleep by troubling dreams. Resigning himself to wakefulness, he rose and dressed in silence. A few goosebumps rose under his sleeves as he stepped out of his tent. It had been an unusually cool spring, and the night air still held traces of that chill, even in June. The sentries greeted him with the tiniest of nods. They were well-used to their Steward's early morning strolls. Sunrise was still nearly an hour off. A pale light in the east rendered the world in indistinct shadows of shifting blue-gray. A light fog shrouded the camp, adding to its surreal quality. Faramir skirted the King's tent, circled around the cool ashes of the previous night's fires, and cut between lines of smaller tents belonging to the various guards and attachés that had accompanied them. Slipping past the perimeter of the camp, he tried to wander aimlessly through the grassy lowlands beyond. But, the shore of the Anduin drew him, like iron before a lodestone. Osgiliath was a jagged silhouette less than half a league distant. When dawn came, they would march to the city and formally pay their respects to all who had perished in the War of the Ring, commemorating their sacrifice on the fifth anniversary of Sauron's first onslaught. For now, though, the ghosts were left to wait out the night in peace. Faramir tore his gaze from the stark ruins only to have it drawn, inexorably, to the river before his feet. The Anduin was still here, but strong beneath its placid surface—swollen with snowmelt from distant peaks. He remembered all too well the water's icy grasp tugging at his limbs as foam flecked with blood eddied around his head, threatening to steal his breath . . . Had it really been five years? It could almost have been yesterday. It could almost have been a lifetime ago. He rolled a tiny scrap of metal between his fingers. It was a simple thing—just a clasp used to pin cloaks. There was no reason for him to have it in his pocket on this particular morning, and even less reason for him to carry it everywhere he went for five years, like it was some charm against evil. When a warm hand brushed his shoulder, Faramir nearly jumped out of his skin. At his half-stifled cry, the hand drew back. "I'm sorry," a low voice murmured. Doubtless, the newcomer hadn't meant to sneak up on him, but he moved more lightly than any other Man Faramir had ever met. Sternly, the young Steward reminded himself that he was not the only former Ranger in camp. "No, my lord, it is I who am sorry." Faramir struggled to get his heart rate under control. "You startled me, is all." Aragorn took a half step forward. "May I join you?" Faramir studied him out of the corner of his eye. The king was dressed much like Faramir himself in a simple tunic and breeches. Over that, though, he wore a thick belt bearing his famous sword, as he always did when outside the city. "Of course." But, though Faramir normally enjoyed Aragorn's company, today he was only being polite. The sight of Andúril—the Sword-That-Was-Broken—was just one more uncomfortable reminder of a dream-riddle and its terrible cost. And on a day when such reminders were as common as the stones on the riverbank, it bothered him more than it ought to. "You seem troubled, my friend." The king's voice was soft and measured. Faramir shrugged without meeting his gaze. "Old wounds rob me of sleep. 'Tis the warrior's lot." "Indeed, I know such pains well." He cast a side glance at the younger Man. "But I have seen enough of wounds to know when a man is troubled not by pain but by burdens." Faramir opened his mouth to say something dismissive and reassuring, but immediately closed it again. "Pain is a solitary curse," Aragorn continued, "But, at times, burdens can be shared. What is troubling you, Faramir?" A bit of fog drifted slowly over the face of the water, creeping towards them like reaching fingers. "Memories. Regrets. Thoughts of . . . the ones we've lost." "Like your brother?" Faramir wondered, not for the first time, how and when his King had learned to read the hearts of men so well. He nodded without taking his eyes off the calm water. "Though I can't imagine why he should . Boromir did not die here." "Was this the last place you saw him?" Faramir shook his head. "We rode back to Minas Tirith together to take council with our father. I stayed in the city until he set out for Imladris at the beginning of July. There's no reason I should dwell on him on this day, when I lost so many of my men at Osgiliath. Only . . ." He trailed off when he realized how ridiculous what he'd been about to say would have sounded. Aragorn did not let him escape so easily. "Only what?" He prompted gently. Faramir shook his head. "It's nothing, my lord. A triviality. Superstition, almost." "If it troubles you, it's not nothing." Aragorn searched his face. "Share your burdens, friend. They will only grow heavier if you do not." There was no arguing with that tone of voice. Faramir drew a steadying breath and began to speak. As he told the brief tale, he felt himself being drawn back into painfully vivid memories. "It was June, five years ago. Summer of the year before the fall of Sauron . . ." Faramir swung his sword in a vicious downward arc. The orc caught it on a small buckler and drove him back. The stone parapet of the bridge connected with the center of his back, driving all the breath out of him in a rush. The orc bent him backwards over the Anduin, grinning with yellowed teeth . . . " Boromir!" His brother was less than a pace away, or the cry never would have carried. Boromir was in the midst of trying to extricate his sword from a goblin's ribcage, so he struck out with his shield, catching Faramir's assailant under the jaw. As the creature reeled slightly, Faramir kicked out, pulled away, and spun to decapitate the thing. He glanced at Boromir. "Thank you." Denethor's heir grinned through bloodied teeth, blithe and carefree as he always was in battle. "For what, little brother? You got the orc off my flank." Without another word, he turned to catch a flail on his shield and stab its owner through the neck. Faramir had no time for thought either as he parried a sword thrust and rained a series of blows down on a new orc, driving it back a few steps. An arrow bounced off the stones behind him. From all around came the screams of the dying—mostly orc, but not all, and the orcs had far more fighters to spare. This bridge had been built so that wagons could cross four abreast—an advantage in a sprawling trade city, a distinct disadvantage in a fortification. Their garrison was strong, but the attackers seemed endless. The advancing wave drew back a few steps, giving Faramir a moment to catch his breath and hang on to hope. But, only a few heartbeats later, that hope was crushed as a fresh wave of Easterling arrows rained down from the far shore. A man to his left fell with a gurgle rather than a cry. Faramir sprang to his side, but there was nothing to be done about the black-fletched dart buried in the man's throat. Before he could summon even a word of comfort for the dying man, the other's eyes became fixed. Then came a thud and a grunt from his right, and Faramir felt his heart pound a little faster. He turned just in time to see Boromir fall to one knee, clutching his chest. Swallowing a cry of horror, Faramir raced to him, fearing the worst, but Boromir met his gaze. He even managed another smile, though his face was ten shades paler than it had been moments before. "It's alright, Faramir," he gasped. Lowering his hand, he revealed a breastplate that was badly dented just above his ribs. "'Twas a grazing shot, and my armor turned the worst of it." Faramir didn't bother to hide the relief in his face. Arrows and crossbow bolts could punch through even solid plate armor, if they struck it directly. Even a glancing blow could feel like being kicked by a horse. Boromir staggered to his feet. The front ranks of their own soldiers pushed past the two, driving the orcs further back to give them a moment to breathe. It was the mark of how much pain Boromir was in that he did not try to advance with them. " They are too many!" Faramir almost had to shout to be heard above the din of battle. "We must fall back!" His brother straightened, gave a quick nod, and lifted his horn to his lips. When he tried to inflate his lungs to sound the retreat, though, he nearly doubled over again in pain. Wordlessly, he handed the horn to Faramir, who winded it with two, long blasts. Behind them, ranks of soldiers began to fall back in orderly lines. Archers at their backs discouraged pursuit with wave after wave of arrows. The task of covering the retreat—like all the most difficult battles—fell to the sons of Denethor. A handful of their most loyal men—mostly Rangers under Faramir's command—pressed forward with them. Faramir stayed close to his brother, though after a few moments, Boromir seemed almost to have forgotten his bruised side. Together, they drove back the next wave of dark bodies. And the next. On the slopes behind him, Faramir knew, catapults stood loaded, ready to destroy a few support struts and drop the bridge into the Anduin. They needed only a few moments . . . time for the remaining defenders to reach dry land . . . An orc scrambled over the fallen body of one of Faramir's men. Along with three of its fellows, it broke for the western shore, only to be felled by archers a dozen paces from the nearest siege engine. "There's no more time!" Boromir bellowed, "If we lose the catapults, we lose the city!" " Not yet!" Faramir cried. He threw himself at the nearest orc. If they could just survive one more wave . . . " We swore we'd hold the bank!" " We just need a little more time!" But, Boromir lifted his horn and let out three short blasts. Faramir cast a glance over his shoulder and saw men staring at them with wide eyes, stricken at what they were being asked to do. Boromir repeated the command. Three blasts. Launch catapults. Faramir heard a distant creak . . . and then a thousand pounds of rock smashed into the abutments beneath his feet. Granite and mortar crumbled like damp sand, falling away in a