A/N: This story is told from the perspective of Arandur, an O.C. whom I introduced in my previous stories "While Hope Lasts" and "Horsehair and Heritage," though it's not necessary to read those stories first. It contains non-graphic depictions of the aftermath of battle and some medical gore. The setting sun cast a red glow that washed over and through Arandur's closed eyelids. A cricket chirped loudly near his ear. He inhaled deeply and smelled grasses and pollen and . . . And blood. And dying orcs. His eyes snapped open. There wasn't much to see besides broken blades of grass. He lay mostly on his stomach, with his sword arm twisted awkwardly behind him. The battlefield was eerily still. It was, the Ranger knew, the brief calm that signaled the end of a skirmish, as the defeated force retreated and the wounded kept quiet—not yet sure whether the outcome would leave them free to voice their pain or lead to sudden death. Before Arandur had a chance to puzzle that out himself, a hand grasped his shoulder and turned him carefully onto his back. Arandur tensed, and his left hand reached for his dagger, but when his eyes adjusted he found Gilraen's son looking down at him. "Are you alright, Uncle?" Aragorn asked cautiously. "I'm fine." Arandur tried to push himself up, but was stopped by a firm hand on his shoulder. "Did you hit your head?" Arandur rolled his shoulder and spitted the younger Man with a glare that made him quickly withdraw his hand. He sat up, flexing his slightly sore right arm. "I did not." Standing on legs that almost trembled, he yanked his sword free from the belly of an armored orc. The cries of the wounded were just beginning to ring out. Arandur scanned the field and saw that a good portion of his men were on their feet. Of the orcs, he saw only limp bodies, though nearly a hundred had engaged them. He nodded with grim satisfaction. Still, he felt Aragorn's concerned gaze on him. He wiped his sword clean with a few efficient swipes and nodded at his fallen foe. "Learn from my error, Arathorn-ion. As the end of battle drew nigh, I sought to slay this one more quickly, but by overcommitting to the blow, I unbalanced myself. Had another orc been nearby I would be dead now." One of the other men caught a bit of the exchange and grinned. "That one was right behind you," the veteran pointed to the decapitated body of another orc, "The little lord felled it." Aragorn flushed red and looked away. There was, of course, nothing little about the Chieftain of the Dúnedain, but at twenty-one, he still acted the callow youth. This was his first engagement of any size with the Rangers. He had acquitted himself well, if somewhat recklessly, Arandur thought. But then, he allowed, at the moment he was hardly one to talk. The older Dúnadan felt a flash of shame; he was supposed to protect Aragorn in this battle, not the other way around. The feeling only intensified when he spotted a red trickle of blood making its way down the younger Man's wrist. "You're wounded." Aragorn looked down at his arm, rotated it experimentally, and flinched slightly. "It is a graze only." "Aragorn . . ." Arandur put a note of warning into his voice. Aragorn sighed and flipped his cloak back, revealing an ugly slash across his upper arm. Arandur probed it with expert fingers. It was long and bled sluggishly, but didn't seem very deep. The young Chieftain looked away. "It will need to be stitched, but I am in no danger." He glanced back at his uncle and added, "My gwenyr* taught me the folly of hiding grave wounds." Satisfied, Arandur stepped back and scanned the field once more. "We've seen the end of this incursion, at least. Wrap that arm and check your gear; we make for camp as soon as we can gather the wounded." Aragorn nodded. "Aye, sir." Though he was Chieftain by blood, eight months among his people were not enough to prepare him for command, and he knew it. Arathorn's son seemed content to watch and to learn as his uncle, the acting-chieftain, commanded the Men. Two of Arandur's lieutenants came loping up. The elder greeted Arandur with a respectful nod and Aragorn with a mischievous wink. "I see the cub managed to stay on his paws." Aragorn managed a wry smile. The grizzled fighter behind him turned and opened his mouth, no doubt to repeat the tale of Arandur's fall and the headless orc, but Arandur cut him off. "You have a casualty report, Malphor?" The Man sobered. "Aye. We'll need eight graves, but we saw more injuries than deaths. A dozen men need a healer's care at once, and some twenty more are walking wounded." Arandur winced. Forty men. Nearly half his force, and at least eight would never return to their ranks. He swept his feelings aside with practiced determination and turned to the other lieutenant. "Celecthor, put together teams of scouts from the unscathed Men—four squads of three. We need to know whether any of the fiends remain in our lands and especially if any have regrouped. Don't use either of the patrol groups that first tracked this incursion; they'll need fresh eyes and fresh legs." Celecthor nodded in silent acknowledgement and strode off. Arandur turned back to Malphor. The other Man clearly knew what was coming, because his face fell further. "Malphor, I need you to take another half dozen Men and see about those eight graves. It will take all the rest just to get the wounded to safety—we cannot carry the dead back to the villages. Find a likely place, and be sure to save their gear for the families. When it's done, put the orcs to the torch." As Malphor took his leave, Arandur swallowed against his own weariness and turned to his nephew. "Come. We still have much to do." True night was falling by the time they staggered back to the relative safety of a temporary encampment. The litter Arandur carried was beginning to rub blisters into his hands. Aragorn carried the other end, and the Man suspended between them groaned softly at every step and bump. Despite his obvious pain, this Man—a young Ranger named Herion—was probably one of the lucky ones; Arandur was far more worried about the Men who lay silently on their stretchers, their eyes half-lidded, their breath shallow. He'd expected to take casualties—had known it was inevitable from the moment he read the first reports about the orc incursion—but the number and severity of injuries was staggering. They had made preparations, but Arandur knew that the handful of healers waiting at camp might quickly be overwhelmed. The camp, which only one night before had been the site of more than a score of tents and dozens of campfires, was now only packed earth and cool ashes arrayed in concentric rings around a single large tent. Sentries greeted their approach with solemn nods and whistles designed to mimic the calls of local birds. At the sound, the canvas tent flaps flew open and a Woman emerged. She was tall and stern, with black hair threaded with gray. When she spotted Arandur and Aragorn, her face sagged with relief, though she covered it quickly beneath an expression of brisk determination. Tying back her sleeves, she made her way to Arandur, pausing only to clasp Aragorn warmly on the shoulder. "Hello, Mother," Arandur said, "Is everything prepared?" Ivorwen nodded, "As prepared as it can be, though we'd hoped for fewer patients." Arandur nodded grimly. "As did we all." Sympathy flashed across her face, but again she covered it quickly. The days when she could comfort her son were long gone. Stepping back, she twisted her hair into a knot on top of her head and gestured with her chin. "Well, don't just stand there. Get that fellow inside." The hospital tent was well lit with oil lanterns. Barrels of clean water stood by the door next to stacks of bandages and jars of salves and poultices. A half-dozen more healers—Women in their middle years and two older Men—waited, their sleeves rolled up, their hair pulled back, their faces identical masks of unflappable determination. The air smelled of herbs. Arandur felt his chest clench. He knew the fresh scent would last no longer than the careful organization. He and Aragorn deposited their patient on one of the many cots that lined the walls. The other stretcher-bearers did likewise while those with less serious injuries found space wherever they could. Most of the uninjured Men filed out, so as not to be underfoot when the healers went to work. Soon, the tent was quiet except for the stifled groans of the wounded and the soft voices of the healers. Arandur hung back. While he knew a bit more about healing than the average Ranger—enough to treat most of the common wounds that plagued them in the field—his knowledge paled in comparison to that of these life-long healers. He knew they would not thank him for getting in their way when lives hung in the balance, but he was not yet ready to leave his Men. Even as he watched, his mother approached a Man who lay far too still, shook her head sadly, and pulled a sheet over his limp form. Immediately, tendrils of red from the Man's abdominal wound were soaked up into the undyed cloth and began to spread. Looking away, Arandur scanned the room. Without needing to be told, the walking wounded had begun to segregate themselves. Those with broken bones, arrow wounds, and other serious injuries lay or sat on the remaining cots, while those with minor scrapes sat on the ground around them and settled in for a long wait. All save one. Arandur's gaze was drawn to Aragorn, who hovered near the entrance. As he watched, the young Chieftain drew a pitcher of water and tucked it awkwardly under his wounded arm. He rifled carefully through the other supplies for a moment, before selecting two cloths and a coil of bandage material and retreating to sit in an unused corner. Arandur frowned. The healers followed a triage system that was blind to both rank and lineage. If the boy thought to distract them from their work tending the gravely wounded, he had another thing coming. Mentally scripting a stern lecture to that effect, Arandur stalked towards him. By the time he reached him, Aragorn had drawn his belt knife and was carefully cutting away his ruined sleeve. Dried blood crusted over and through the linen, and as he tugged on it, the wound broke open and bled anew. It was deeper than Arandur had first thought—a chip of white bone peeked through at the elbow—and longer as well. Aragorn tugged at the torn cloth and hissed as the motion irritated the wound still further. He looked up at Arandur with eyes full of poorly-masked pain. "Help me, Uncle?" Arandur's planned reprimand died on his lips. For a moment, Aragorn seemed so young. He couldn't help but be reminded of Gilraen at six, trying to pretend her skinned knees didn't hurt. Slowly, he knelt beside his nephew. No one could argue that Aragorn hadn't done a Man's work today, first in the battle and then carrying a stretcher, uncomplaining, for almost two hours. There was little harm, Arandur decided, in treating his wound today and teaching him the proper stoicism next time. It wasn't as if he was wasting the true healers' time, after all. Taking hold of the cut end of the sleeve, Arandur pulled it back as quickly and gently as he could. Aragorn flinched but did not cry out. The scab tore away and blood gushed out—enough to momentarily concern the older Ranger—but as quickly as it had started, the torrent slowed