A/N: Set T.A. 2980, after the events of my story, "Ransom." It's not necessary to read that tale first. Big thanks to Cairistiona for her help as beta. This story contains depictions of slavery, non-graphic violence (in large quantities), and dark themes. " What do you owe these strangers?" -Hakim, to Aragorn the night before he turned south Come in, come in, make yourselves at home. Is that the lot? Ah, good. Close the door now, my boy, and make sure to stuff the rags beneath it—this sandstorm threatens to bury us all. There's a good little man. No, no, my friends! 'Tis no trouble! We've rooms enough for those that can pay, and you seem like folk of means and taste both. You can no more travel in this storm than fly over it, so you might as well rest your feet awhile. No, have no fear! Your camel will be snug in our stables—I am no brigand! You are going north, yes? Indeed, the storm will likely blow over by morning and you can be on your way. 'Tis a wonder you made it so far in such conditions, especially with such lovely ladies and those little ones. Oh, no, my good ladies, I take no offense! We respect the old ways in these parts, and there are plenty of upstanding ladies who choose not to doff their veils in the company of men, even men as respectable as myself. I'll just set up a private parlor for your comfort, perhaps send up a few drinks? We've fruit juice for the children, but you'll have something a touch stronger? Of course, not a problem at all! You'll be spending the night, then? Ah, yes, that will suffice, you are most generous. You've my thanks, good sir; may the Eye look on you with favor! Now, then, will you gentlemen join me for a pint or two? We've a good ale and better prices! Six tankards, then, my boy, and be quick about it! Don't forget to send those drinks up to the good ladies either! Now, then, good fellows, have you any news from the southern cities? No? No tales, not a one? More's the pity. But, I suppose that's how it goes in these cruel days—there are not many that will share a good story with a stranger, too many are distrustful or untrustworthy. Not me, though. Treat strangers like friends, I say, and you'll never run dry of neighbors! Oh, but you haven't come to listen to me hold forth, my apologies, gentlemen. Still, if you've no tale to weave of your own, perhaps you wouldn't mind hearing one! We get all types coming through here and some tell tales stranger than any child's fancy. No, it's no trouble, you've been the only guests all night. See, we've fine tankards and strong walls to keep out the wind—'tis a lovely night for a tale! So, listen if you're stout of heart, for the one I've in mind is no tale for children. No, not even you, my boy! Haven't you some washing to do? Go on, then, help your mother, there's a good son. But, where was I? Oh, yes telling you a tale of fortunes lost most violently. Couldn't have happened to a more deserving fellow, though, Eye strike me down if I lie. You see, there was this fellow named Imran who used to pass through these parts. Quite the unpleasant man. He was stingy—never tipped, haggled over every price. Old Imran, he hated to see a copper get away, which I suppose is how he'd hung onto so many silvers. It wasn't by charm, that's the truth! Now, Imran was a slave trader. It's important work, I know, gathering miners for the Eye and rowers for the galleys and all sorts of laborers for those who can afford them. Important, but unpleasant, if you'll forgive my saying so. Yes, I can see by your faces that you agree. There aren't many around here who would do it. Imran, though, he was made for that kind of work—has a cruel streak if you get my meaning. He would hire two dozen rogues as drivers and minders and they would gather up great strings of slaves—perhaps two hundred at a time—and march them from the northern villages down, down to Umbar to be sold in the markets there. Oh, he made a fortune, that Imran! Wasn't afraid to lord it over us common folk, either. Like I said, it couldn't have happened to a more deserving sort. Anyway, it was a few months back, and Imran was in one of the northernmost villages, just rounding off his next shipment, when a simple farmer from the outlying lands walked into the market leading a Tark from the north like none any of them had seen. He was tall, this Tark, so very tall, but he kept his head bowed and spoke not a word in Haradric or Westron or any other tongue. So, the farmer walks up to Imran and he says "There's no use for it. You must buy this Gondorian from me. And I'd be grateful if you'd give me a fair price for this as well." And he whips out a great long sword, like the Gondorim always wear in battle. This Tark, you see, had been a warrior, until he wandered onto the farmer's land out of his mind with sun-sickness. To this day, no one knows how he traveled so far, for the farmer's land was a forsaken ranch right in the middle of the Haradwaith. No one thought to wonder why he came so far just to collapse among the farmer's goats. Now, Imran was no stranger to transporting fighters against their will—half the slaves in the market these days are captured from Gondor, and they all start out not knowing a whip from a turnip plant. This fellow, though, he had a fierce look about him. He was tall, like I've told you already, and hard-looking, with eyes like chips of granite. Have you ever seen those Tarks with their eyes? It's right unsettling. Come to think of it, they look a good deal like your eyes, young sir. I warrant you've some Gondorian blood in you. Peace, my friend! I meant no offense! That's just me letting my mouth talk away from myself. And, it's no shame having a bit of foreign blood. Why, I myself have a grandmother from Khand. Khand! It's a wonder I'm not eating chicken entrails and wearing the dish towels as clothes. Where was I, though? Oh, yes! The Gondorian. He was an unsettling sight for the slavers. He just had this air about him, like he was watching the world from a great height. It was none of Imran's unwarranted haughtiness—rather, the Gondorian seemed to have deeper concerns. It was like the people around him were just minor characters flitting in and out on the edges of some larger story. He just seemed so sure of himself, even in rags with his hands bound. It wasn't the sort of demeanor Imran saw often, and he saw plenty of Tark slaves. This one was strong, though, and sound, and Imran knew he could make a hefty profit, so he paid the farmer nary a quarter of what he was worth, and clapped the Tark in irons with the others. Just on a whim, he bought the sword too, and Imran closed up shop and he thanked his lucky stars for such a windfall. They were due to start south the next morning, so that night Imran decided to take his ease in the local tavern. He strode in wearing his finest robes, pockets jingling, dreaming of all the profits he was about to make, but who should he meet there but the poor farmer? The man was well into his cups, and he had a desperate look about him. It's the look of a man who's seen hard times and expects to see more, but there was something guilty about it, too, like there was some crime he was trying so hard to forget. Seeing Imran, he all but attacked him, grabbing the front of his robes and crying. "I had to do it, don't you see? I'd have been ruined otherwise, ruined! I have a wife and children and I couldn't . . ." He trailed off and seemed to remember himself. He let go of Imran's robes, but before the trader could escape, he gave him a strange, solemn look. "You treat that Gondorian well, you understand me?" he said, "He's a proud sort and strange, but right useful. Treat him well and he'll be the best thing that's ever happened to your business. Otherwise, the Eye Itself won't save you." Now Imran, as you might have realized, is a rough sort under all that fine silk, and he doesn't scare easily. He laughed the farmer off and in the morning he drove the tall Tark on with a whip and a cuff like all the rest. And at first, it all seemed to go fine. They set out from the village with twenty men, near two hundred Tark slaves, and a string of camels to carry supplies. Fine beasts, those camels, but Imran always had to have the best of everything. That was a fine beast you yourselves brought into my stable. Like I said before: men of good taste. Oh, but here I am getting distracted with talk of camels and losing the train of the tale. Where was I? Oh, yes, the slaves, for they are the crux of Imran's troubles. Mostly, they were captured fighters like the tall one, but there were some more ordinary folk too—maids and little ones and the like. Imran expected the trip to take about three weeks. He had to go slow, you see, because he could get a good price for the children, but only if some of them survived the journey. And, like I said, it was all going according to plan at first. The tall one, he kept his head down and was just perfectly quiet and polite. He even calmed down some of the other warriors who were none too happy about being sold to the Umbari. It was all very routine, at first, and they made good time. Then, about a week in, the first child died. It happens, you see, on any trading circuit. Some of the youngest ones are just not strong enough to survive in the Haradwaith. When the little girl collapsed, the tall Tark tried to pick her up and carry her, chains and all. Well, Imran, he was having none of that. Little half-grown slaves don't draw near enough profit for him to risk delaying his precious shipment. They left the girl for the buzzards, of course—there's no human decency left in those slave drivers anymore. It's the work, if you catch my meaning. It changes a man. I wasn't lying when I said the tall Tark was a hard one, though. It took four of Imran's men with whips and cudgels to drive him away. If Imran hadn't known that the Tark wandered into Harad all alone, he would have sworn the child was his own daughter. Once they were well away, they beat him senseless as a warning to the others. You see, Imran always lived in fear of a revolt, and he'd seen how the other Tarks looked to the tall one. He'd sooner risk losing one strong slave than let the rest think they could defy him. Everyone expected the tall Tark to die that night, but the next morning he somehow got up, though he was half-flayed. All day, he staggered along at the very back of the column, and when they made camp, he collapsed where he stood and was unconscious before he hit the sand. But somehow, the next day he was stronger, and the