A/N: This is a story about Aragorn through strangers' eyes. More than that, though, it's about a family trying to retain their humanity in the face of generations of war. This story will be largely driven by the original characters. It's different from anything I've written before, but I hope you enjoy it, nonetheless. Huge, massive thanks to Cairistiona, an awesome sounding board and cheerleader, without whom this would never have seen the light of day. This story is set in the Third Age, 3019 and Third Age, 2980. A bead of sweat slowly trickles down my neck. The White City is stifling. No stray breeze breeches the stone walls to ameliorate my discomfort. I take another swig from my water skin. The goat hide bag is nearly empty. If we are not granted an audience soon, I will have to chance leaving my fellows for a few minutes to refill it at one of Minas Tirith's public wells. I let out a small snort of derision. It is ironic that I, a man born and raised under the Harad's blazing sun, should suffer from overheating so far north in this foreign land. I cannot help it, and neither can the other Haradrim clustered around me. We are not used to this type of heat. My white headdress and loose robes stand no chance of repelling the seeping, smothering warmth that envelopes us now. Humidity. The Westron word still sounds strange in my mind. It has no translation—nor indeed, any comparable concept—in my dialect of Haradric. Dakheel tried to explain it to me long ago—how in wetter lands water is even carried by the wind. Only a boy at the time, I was convinced that this was far too wondrous to be true, and told him so. The man merely laughed. "Wondrous?" he said in his strange, melodious accent, "Say that after you've ridden in it for three straight weeks." As I sweat in the enclosed courtyard, I realize that, as usual, Dakheel had the right of it. Water in Gondor is not the precious gift I remember from my homeland. Here it is the constant invader. It crashes over masonry, and bridges lose their firmness. It seeps into the earth, making mud that sucks at your boots and grinds into your clothes. It steals into the very air, turning normal, familiar heat into an oppressive blanket that slips under our robes and turns even our own sweat against us. As always, we Haradrim bear it because we must. I glance around at my companions with no small amount of pride. They are mostly old gray-beards, like me. Here and there I see the clean-shaven face of a younger son or the veiled form of a woman. Off to one side a few Umbari stand with a delegation from Khand. The men of Umbar sweat like pigs through their fine robes and turbans. They clearly think themselves important men, primly ignoring any man of Harad who dares to address them. I almost laugh. These lordlings are as desperate as we are, or they would not be here. What do they seek to ransom, I wonder? That fine fleet I passed on the river? By now, everyone has heard the ignoble tale of Umbar's defeat; to us, it is a darkly humorous story to offset all the tragedy we've experienced in this brutal war. Traders and bards from the north have told how the grand Corsair navy was caught off guard and defeated by a mere thirty men. To hear the Gondorim tell it, thousands of seasoned sailors and mercenaries simply turned tail and ran for fear of Gondor's ghosts. Though I am sure the storytellers exaggerate, I cannot help but join my fellow Haradrim in a hearty laugh at the Umbari's expense. Mirth at the recollection lasts only a moment. I run my thumb over the coin pouch at my belt and sigh. I have brought all of the coin I possess and the greater part of my wife's jewelry, yet still the bag is light. So light . . . it may not be enough to buy back what is most precious to me in the world: my son. The old customs dictate that a prisoner of war may be bought back by his family for a suitable ransom, but who knows? The Haradrim are a defeated people. Our grand army is scattered, our ally in Mordor utterly annihilated, and even the all-seeing Eye has been put out. What customs can survive such an upheaval? I have no assurance, merely the hope that this pitiful boon will be enough to spare my child a life as a captive in a foreign land. A ragged boy drifts in my direction, his expression carefully disinterested. His pale eyes flicker towards my purse once . . . twice . . . I casually push back my outer robe, giving the boy a good look at the long sword belted just behind the purse. It's a good sword, despite its age, and is probably itself Gondorian in origin. My companions are not nearly as well armed. A few bear cutlasses, but most are trying to pass of their tanning knives or cleavers as legitimate weapons. The pickpocket's eyes twitch, and he calmly saunters off to seek easier fare. Though this courtyard is walled on three sides, the fourth side is more or less open to the street. Gondorim of all ages and social classes pass by. Many gray eyes dart in our direction, their expressions ranging from curiosity to apprehension to blatant loathing. Disdainful Westron speech drifts our way. A few of my fellows look to me for a translation, but I shake my head. They don't want to know what the Northerners are saying about us. My adventure in the North is not turning out anything like I expected. I smile a little, remembering the young boy who dreamed of great deeds in far-off lands. Shifting under the weight of so many hostile eyes, I let my mind drift, remembering another pair of gray eyes that once gazed on me—eyes similar and yet completely different. / The sun beat down steadily on the craggy wilderness of Haradwaith. I tipped my head back, smiling as the dry wind wicked away the sweat from my brow. I loved this time of day—when the sting of the afternoon heat began to fade, the winds stilled, and the only sound was the soft braying of the goats. I leaned back against a boulder. From my vantage point, I could see most of the herd spread out over the rocky terrain. The goats seemed possessed by the same laziness that afflicted me. Most lay with their heads on their forelegs or paced aimlessly back and forth. A few lipped halfheartedly at the sparse, browning foliage. It was the hottest summer anyone could remember, and the heat affected both man and beast. I wasn't too worried, though; with only an hour of daylight left, it would soon be time for Father, Kalima, and I to take the goats back to the fold. I stole a glance at my father where he stood, still as a statue, in the slight shade of a rock formation. Usually, Father works in our fields to the west during the day, repairing and maintaining our elaborate irrigation system in preparation for sowing. He trusts my little sister and me to safeguard the herd. Kalima is only eight, though, and with one of our best does due to kid any day now, he chose to join us today. I leaned my head back against the rock and laughed when an inquisitive snout began to lip at my headdress. I reached up to bat one of the goats—a yearling buck—away. My hand came away wet and sticky. Startled, I retracted the arm and studied my palm. The tanned skin was smeared with red. Blood. I turned to examine the goat. The small animal shook his head irritably. There was no sign of injury, but the buck had dark streaks of red along his muzzle. Prying the goat's mouth open, I looked closely for wounds. Nothing. The goat snorted and butted firmly against my chest. He seemed unhurt, which could only be possible if the blood wasn't his. Raising my head, I surveyed the herd with a worried frown. All of our animals were present and accounted for. I gave the buck one last pat before climbing to my feet. Moving cautiously, I climbed the heavy ridge at my back. Along the way, I collected a few stones that might fit in my sling. Where there was blood there were often predators. I gained the summit and scanned the broken land to the north. At first I saw nothing—just cracked earth peeking up from under sun-baked rocks and sparse vegetation. Then, a rare wisp of cloud veiled the sun's glare, allowing me a better look at a still form I had taken for a rock a hundred yards distant. I glanced over my shoulder. "Father, there's something out there!" The wind picked up again, ruffling fabric. "I think it's a man!" I jogged lightly down the far slope and trotted towards the unmoving figure. Slowly, it resolved from a dark lump on the horizon to the silhouette of a man lying prone on the earth. I slowed to a walk, suddenly afraid to go any closer. Finally, I stopped just a few yards away and studied the man. There came a clatter of rocks from behind me. I turned to see not my father, but my little sister running towards me, her ever-awry headscarf trailing behind her. Kalima's skirts flapped, and curiosity sparkled in her dark eyes. As she neared me, I reached out and caught her around the shoulders. "Stay back, Kali," I murmured. She pouted. I looked behind us. Father was making his way down the ridge as quickly as his bow-legged gait would allow, but it would be long moments before he reached us. The man stirred slightly. I gave my sister a stern look of warning and then advanced slowly. The man had apparently given up on movement; he did not stir again. His clothes were . . . outlandish. Instead of a goat-skin robe, he was wrapped in a dusty cloak of the same dark green as Mother's best dress. In place of sandals, he wore battered boots made of some type of leather and reaching almost to his knees. What from a distance had appeared to be a black headdress was actually dark, tangled hair. This detail alone was enough to mark him as a foreigner; all who traveled the Haradwaith knew to cover their heads against the sun's rays. I crouched by the man's side. Still, he did not move. The skin of his hands and neck was red and blistered from the sun. I summoned my nerve, gripped his shoulder, and carefully turned him to lie face up. The man was at least semi-conscious; his cracked lips moved soundlessly, though his eyes were closed. He bled sluggishly from a shallow cut on his forearm. The sun glinted off a bright pin in the shape of a seven-pointed star at his shoulder and a gleaming sword at his belt. There was something around his neck . . . I leaned forward for a better view, and my shadow fell briefly across his face. His eyelids fluttered half open and I jumped back as though scalded. Sensing my nervousness, Kalima jumped too. "What is it, Hakim?" I didn't answer immediately. As soon as I'd moved, the foreigner's eyes had slammed shut against the sun. He continued to mouth soundlessly, and as my heart rate slowed, my face colored. Father jogged up to us, panting for breath. "What is the matter, Hakim?" "His eyes . . . look at his eyes." My father approached the man and knelt at his side. I blushed deeper. I knew I'd overreacted, but try it