Author's Note: This story picks up two years after the conclusion of my story "While Hope Lasts" and incorporates plot lines and original characters from that tale. However, it should also stand on its own (hopefully). The original characters and their relationships will be (gradually) explained in-text. It is a two-shot, and the second chapter should be posted in a couple of days. Special thanks to Cairistiona who went above and beyond the call of duty and really pushed me to make this piece better. T.A. 2935 Estel ran to the edge of the balcony and pressed his face against the wrought iron. There were horses and Men in the courtyard. He blinked and rubbed his eyes, but, no, these had to be Men. He'd never seen an Elf with that strange, scruffy sort of hair on their chins. He grabbed the railing and strained up on tippy-toes, trying to see over the top of it, but it was too high. He was, after all, only four years old. Giving up on seeing over the railing, he tried to stick his head through one of the gaps to get a better look, but it was no good. This was Mama's balcony, after all. He couldn't fit his whole upper body through the gaps, like he could with the delicate bannisters found elsewhere in the Last Homely House. No, this was the big railing—the one Mama had insisted they put in special after the last time she'd caught Estel leaning over to watch the birds in the trees below. No matter. They were clopping through the gate, coming more fully into view—four Men on shaggy horses. They were dirty—both the Men and the horses—which Estel quite approved of. Elves and his naneth bathed entirely too much. They said Estel would be a Man someday, so Estel couldn't wait to tell them that Men, apparently, didn't have to take baths. The lead-most rider shifted in his saddle, and Estel saw something that made him grin and clap his hands in delight. They had a boy with them. A small child with hair cropped close to his scalp sat in front of the tallest rider, petting the horse's neck absently. The tall rider squeezed the child's shoulder and then swung down from the saddle. On the other side of the courtyard, a door swung open and Estel's ada emerged. Ada's face was strangely serious as he approached the men and spoke quietly to the lead rider. The man responded in grunts and monosyllabic replies, which was just rude, but then he turned and lifted the child from the saddle. As the Man hoisted the child down, Estel realized the other boy was far older than he. How old? Seven? Eight, even? Estel was admittedly not the best judge, but that was almost grown. Yet, for some reason, the Man did not set the boy down on his feet. Instead, he settled him in his arms as the boy reached up to wrap his own arms around the Man's neck. Ada said something and held out his hands, but the Man did not give the boy to the Elf. In fact, his arms seemed to tighten around the child. Ada sighed, his face taking on that long-suffering expression, like it had when Estel had told him that he wanted to be the first person in Arda to tame a dragon. Then Ada gestured for the Men to follow him as Elhadron and Merendor came forward to take their horses to the stables. A moment later, they disappeared into the other side of the house, where the guest quarters were. Estel turned and ran back along the balcony and around the house as fast as his legs could carry him. He found his naneth at the work bench in her garden, grinding up some leaves with a mortar and whatever that little club-like thing was called. He grabbed the edge of the table, and Mama quickly pulled a bottle of oil out of his reach. " Nana, " he said in breathless Sindarin, " There's a boy in the courtyard. " His naneth didn't look up. "There's a what?" Oh, right, he was supposed to speak Westron with Mama. Estel screwed up his face and tried again. "There's a boy in the courtyard. Or, there was. Ada took him into the house." Mama's face was absent as she set the ground-up leaf-mush aside and began to shred bits of bark into tiny, even pieces. "That's not a boy, Estel. It's a girl." Estel blinked. He knew, of course, that girls turned into Women like boys turned into Men, but he couldn't recall ever actually meeting one. He was sure Mama was wrong, though; he'd seen pictures of girls in Erestor's library, and they hadn't looked anything like this child. He gave his naneth a scandalized look. "He had hair shorter than mine!" Mama still was not impressed. "Then she must have cut it." "He was wearing breeches and a shirt. No dress, no ribbons." " I wear breeches when I ride horses. Does that mean I'm not a Woman?" Estel cocked his head. It was true—he'd seen her riding Rohiridan. Occasionally, if she was in a good mood, she would even let him sit in front of her much like the . . . child sat in front of the Man. And while the Elleths he'd known usually rode sidesaddle in their skirts, maybe girls and Women were different? He still wasn't quite convinced. "What's he doing here?" "Her name is Laleth and she is here to get well." "Ada's going to heal him?" "He will try to heal her." "Can I watch?" Mama finally turned away from her herbs and gave him a sharp look. "No, Estel, that girl has troubles enough. You are not to bother her or your adar." Estel hung his head and nodded. Not that he planned to obey. /-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/- /-/-/ Estel tip-toed down the hall, silent as an Elf on his bare feet. Mama would be cross if she knew he'd taken his shoes off again, but it was nearly May—which was practically summer—so what was the harm? He'd just have to stuff his feet back in the uncomfortable things before he went back to Mama's rooms. And find someone to retie the laces. And it was worth feeling cold stone under his toes to be able to slip down the corridors of the guest wing, so quiet even Ada's sharp ears didn't pick up his footfalls, until he lurked in the shadow of an old statue right outside the room Ada used for healing. The oaken door stood slightly ajar, but Estel knew he'd not be spotted. The hallway was shadowy and grave, after all, and Ada insisted that the room beyond always be filled with light. Right now, the large bay windows stood open, with a soft breeze ruffling the gauzy curtains, making the sunlight that filtered through them ripple like water. The light washed over the warm, plaster walls and the rich wood of the furniture and the white linens of the bed that sat by the window. The child lay in the bed, looking utterly peaceful. Estel could see the child's face—could see its stillness, the closed eyes and slightly open mouth. The child could almost have been dead, but Estel knew better. Ada often made people sleep while he healed them; he said that was how bodies put themselves back together. Ada himself leaned over the bed now, one long-fingered hand resting on the child's knee. Another tall figure stood beside him. Estel couldn't see that one's face, but he guessed it was the Man from the courtyard—the one who had carried the child. "She has been like this for two years?" That was Ada's voice, and he could only be talking about the child in the bed. So, it was a girl. Estel would have to remember to apologize to Mama. And then he'd have to tell Erestor that his storybooks were wrong about girls. "She is much improved," the Man's voice was defensive, like Estel's had been that time when he tried to explain how it really wasn't his fault that he'd taken those caramels, but the cook just wouldn't listen. "The right leg healed almost entirely within a few months. It is only the left that remains infirm." "And how long has that injury gone without improvement? Six months? Eight?" Estel couldn't see Ada's face, but he knew what it must look like: tight and tense with his lips pressed together until they went white around the edges. He knew, because that was the tone of voice Ada used sometimes when Estel finds him in his study poring over reports about orcs and monsters far away. It's what he sounds like when he tells Estel that everything is well and that he's not angry even though it's as clear as daylight that he is but if Estel says so, Ada will only give a strained smile and say 'Not at you, ion-nîn.' "A year." The Man's voice was quiet. Perhaps he suspected what Estel knew about Ada's state of mind. "A year." Ada repeated the words slowly, as if in disbelief. "Twelve months or more she made no progress. Twenty-five since her injury. And with each day, her body gave up a little more on the thought of repairing itself." The Man stayed silent, which was probably smart. After a moment, Ada let out a sigh that was more like a hiss. "You should have brought her much sooner, Arandur. It needn't have gone this far." The Man—Arandur—suddenly tensed. "It was made clear to me," he said, nearly matching Ada's dangerous tone, "That a Dúnedain presence in Imladris could only rouse suspicion." Ada's shoulders slumped a little and his voice grew quieter. "We could have made arrangements. There was no need for other children to suffer." Other children? Estel cocked his head and tried to edge closer for a better look into the room. Unfortunately, his eagerness made him step right into the statue which turned out not to be a statue at all, but a suit of armor that someone had left standing in the hallway for some reason. It clattered and rattled and Ada turned. "Estel!" The boy winced, but it was no use pretending it wasn't his fault. That was the problem with being the only child in Rivendell—loud sounds and unexpected disturbances and mysterious broken things were always his fault. He pushed the door open timidly and stood studying his bare feet. Ada sighed, but he didn't seem angry. Not really. "Estel, if you're going to eavesdrop, you may as well greet our guest properly." Estel bit his lip, trying to remember the greetings he'd been taught. He managed a jerky approximation of a bow. "Welcome to Imladris, Master Arandur." His Westron was almost perfect. Mama would be proud. He looked at Ada and added, "What's 'eavesdrop' mean?" "It means listening in on your elders when you are supposed to be doing something else. Like brushing your pony, for instance?" Estel ducked his head guiltily. "And it's Lord Arandur," Ada added, his voice almost absent. "Lord?" Estel perked up and inspected the Man with renewed interest. "What are you lord of? Do you have a fortress? Can I come see it?" "Estel!" He closed his mouth before he could ask a hundred other questions. "Sorry, Ada." He looked at the Man. "Sorry, Lord Arandur." To his surprise, Arandur was now studying Estel with at least as much interest as Estel had shown for him. There was a strange expression on his face—one that fell somewhere between wonder and grief. "That's alright." His voice was slightly stunned, as if he'd just hit his head on something hard. Estel shifted uneasily from foot to foot. At that moment, Elrohir arrived at a run. "I'm sorry, Adar!" he said, catching the doorframe to stop himself, "I swear I only let