Author's Note (READ THIS FIRST): This story is a gapfiller of sorts for my longer fic, "Ransom." If you haven't read "Ransom," this will make no sense. Go read it. If you have read "Ransom," I've promised you a sequel, and while that story is progressing, this is not that fic. This fic is set between Chapter 10 and Chapter 11 of "Ransom" and tells a story that wouldn't fit in the longer fic, limited as it was by Hakim's POV. Here, I will explore Aragorn's POV as well as Azzam's. I hope you enjoy! This story contains violence and dark themes. As usual, big thanks to Cairistiona for her work as beta. Aragorn's wrists ached sharply. The shackles that bound them were made for smaller hands. When Azzam had clapped him in irons three nights before, he'd left them looser than they were meant to be worn so as not to cut off Aragorn's circulation. Aragorn still wasn't sure whether that could be attributed to the man's mercurial sense of mercy or merely his desire for an undamaged slave by which he could derive maximum profit. Regardless, three days and nights in chains had done Aragorn few favors. His wrists were chafed and pinched from sharp edges. With only a foot of chain separating the shackles, it was all but impossible to rest without putting pressure on the sore skin. Not that rest was his objective at the moment. He closed his eyes. There was nothing to see, anyway—any moon was hidden behind storm clouds and he had not a single candle in his makeshift cell. The only sounds were his own heartbeat and the steady drum of rain on the tiles high overhead. He forgot about the pain in his wrists and ankles, forgot the lingering ache from the cut in his scalp, forgot everything except the feel of the bent wire he rolled between his fingers. The lock pick slid easily into the keyhole of his left shackle. He breathed slowly and made tiny adjustments—adding a bit of pressure here, a slight touch there, feeling for the mechanism that would cause the shackle to fall open. For what felt like the thousandth time, the pick slipped and wedged itself in the casing. Aragorn swallowed a curse as he pulled it free. Patience, he reminded himself, but time was a necessary prerequisite for patience and his time had all but run out. He cursed himself for not making good on his chance to escape three days earlier. If he somehow survived this, he decided, he would tell no one the tale of how he'd been outwitted by a common goat herder and his son nor how a simple flash flood had nearly been the death of him. Halbarad would never let him hear the end of it. His dexterity, he admitted grimly, might be more equal to the task were he not so weary. For night after night, these past few weeks, he'd slept little, and what rest he managed was disturbed by dark dreams. It hadn't been so bad before Azzam had chained him. For weeks, he'd labored on the farm and simple exhaustion had guaranteed that his nights were undisturbed. But, for more than a week, now, he'd been able to walk no more than six feet in any direction. Bereft of anything useful to do with his time, worries had set in, no matter how hard he'd tried to resist them. And the dreams had followed. Dark dreams, full of blood and fire. Now, though his skin nearly crawled with restless energy, his head felt sluggish and dull from too little sleep. That line of thinking ran entirely too close to self-pity for Aragorn's liking. By force of will, he shook it off and pressed his mind back to the problem at hand. The task would be harder now that he had to contend not with a single leg iron driven into the wall, but with paired shackles at his wrists and ankles. He could neither run nor ride to freedom until he got the damnable things off. But, if they came off, what then? The question caused him more disquiet than it should have. He had, without a doubt, worn out his welcome on this struggling homestead. However much he might feel for this family and their difficult economic position, however grateful he might be to Azzam, who had saved him first from the desert and then from the flood, he did not owe it to them to go quietly into slavery and, likely, death. The painful truth was that he missed Eriador. The pangs of homesickness, ignored for decades, now grew with each passing day. Surely, he had done as much as he could—scouting alone through Mordor itself, learning much of the Enemy's devices, braving the . . . creatures that dwelt there. Surely he had done more than anyone could have asked of him. It was time, at last, to fly back across the Misty Mountains to his own lands—to see again the harsh splendor of the Wilds he'd left half a lifetime ago. And yet, something in him rebelled at the idea of fleeing back across the Haradwaith—of racing back to Rivendell or Fornost-Eden with his tail between his legs and only stories and rumors to show for two decades of work. But, there was nothing more he could do here, surely? Not for Harad, lost fallen Harad which had done the Enemy's bidding for so long? He thought of Hakim—the bright eyed, eager boy who wanted to see the world. He imagined the inevitable slaughter that would ensue if Hakim ran afoul of any of the hundreds of Gondorian warriors Aragorn had helped train. He felt his chest clench. And, the Haradrim themselves were hardly the only victims in this burning land. He thought of the nameless Gondorian captive who had died not so far from where he now sat—the man he'd been forced to bury in an unmarked grave. A man with a family who would never know what had become of him. It was too much to think of freeing Harad from the Shadow, but surely he could do something more for the slaves that languished here. They were Men of the West—his own people. Wasn't it the first duty of a king to defend his own? He banished his troubled thoughts with a firm shake of his head. Unless he could get these accursed shackles open, he would soon be learning more than he wished to about the fate of slaves in Harad. He could hardly expect to defend them while he was dragged in chains among them. The creak of a door opening drew his attention. Quick as a flash, he wrenched the pick from its keyhole and wedged it between the floorboards under his pallet of straw. His brow furrowed. Midnight was approaching, if he was any judge. Hakim had long since left for his bed, and all the estate should be asleep. He heard the scrape of a bolt and then light washed in as the door to his cell was pushed open. A man entered, bearing a lantern and dripping with rain. Aragorn squinted against the sudden light, but when his eyes adjusted, he was unsurprised to see Azzam setting the lantern down and lifting a hand to brush water from his chin-length hair. Aragorn sat, unmoving, until Azzam met his gaze. After laboring side by side with him for nearly two months, he had a decent grasp of the man's character—enough that he knew to tread light and careful. Azzam was essentially a good man—charitable to strangers, deeply troubled by cruelty—but he often let his heart rule rather than his mind. He was easily frustrated, quick to rise to anger or fear, and possessed of the prickly sort of pride often seen in men who don't realize how completely they are oppressed. He waited until the other man broke the silence. "I expected you'd be asleep by now, Dakheel." He shrugged. "I am unused to confinement. It leaves me restless." Azzam looked away uncomfortably, but his face hardened a bit. "You'd best become accustomed if you mean to continue this folly." "If you will not see reason," Aragorn countered quietly, "Then I expect I'll have no choice." Azzam's jaw clenched. "My hands are tied." " My hands are shackled," Aragorn responded more sharply than he'd meant to, "Yours appear quite free by comparison." It was neither true nor fair, and Aragorn knew it. He had a home, a family, perhaps an entire kingdom only a few weeks' journey away, all of it free of the Shadow. Azzam, meanwhile, had no home but fallen Harad and was hemmed in with painful choices on every side. But, as he sat in a makeshift prison cell with rusted iron digging into his skin, Aragorn couldn't quite bring himself to be fair. "We've talked about this, Dakheel. You know full well the options available to me. You know what I would choose, were it in my power." "Indeed, we've talked about this," Aragorn allowed his voice to soften, "I thought we'd said all there was to be said. Why have you come, Azzam?" "Perhaps I'm not as willing to give up on you as you seem to be." "You're still trying to save me," Aragorn allowed a touch of amusement to lighten his tone, "Yet freeing me is a bridge too far." "It's not in my power to save you or to free you. Only your name can free you now." "Do you truly believe that?" Azzam's face darkened. Aragorn sensed immediately that he had committed some misstep. "There are no slaves in Gondor, are there?" His voice was suddenly menacing. Aragorn searched the other man's face but, shadowed as it was by the lamp behind him, it gave nothing away. He shook his head slowly, fighting a growing sense of foreboding. "Not since its founding." "You think you know what you face. You were brave in war, so you think it will be just the same." The man's eyes flashed. "You have no idea." He stormed towards Aragorn, his face suddenly furious. "You think you'll be allowed to keep your dignity? Your nobility ?" Seizing the front of his tunic, Azzam dragged him to his feet. Aragorn was too startled to resist. "You think abuse will just roll off of you like water? You have been coddled, Dakheel! Compared to what the slavers will do, we've treated you like a prince." A hook hung from the ceiling a few feet away, suspended by a chain attached to some sort of pulley system. Aragorn had never given it much thought—assuming that it served to hang animal carcasses for cleaning. He realized his error only when Azzam seized the chain between his wrists, looped it over the hook, and cranked the lever in the wall. "Do you want to know what real slavery is?" Before Aragorn could even think about fighting back, his arms were drawn up above his head. His shoulders strained. His feet left the ground, and he swayed like a pendulum, scrabbling desperately with his toes as the chain between his ankles scraped against the floorboards. Azzam let him hang there for a moment. Then, he cranked the lever back in the opposite direction, lowering the chain enough that Aragorn could regain his footing and take the weight off of his wrists, though he could not stretch high enough to lift the chain off of the hook. Azzam wedged an iron bar into the mechanism, locking the chain in place. He met Aragorn's gaze, his own face now strangely calm in the flickering light. "You ought to know just what it is that you're resigning yourself to, Dakheel. It's only fair." Aragorn didn't respond, except to bring his head up and fix Azzam with a glare. He knew full well the effect that look could have on the man—had used it before when conciliatory