Claire and Quil – their first time Claire Young has just turned 17 and is about to take her relationship to the next level. Quil is currently 31 with a body of a 16 years old. Quil has always been honest to Claire so she is aware of the wolf-world and knows the meaning of imprinting. Will Claire and Quil finally be happy together or are there too many obstacles in their way to happiness. Emily and Sam had let Claire come and live with them for the past three years since she went to school in La Push and loved the reservation. Besides, there was nothing separating her and Quil. Though Claire went home to Makah to see her parents every now and then, keeping in touch. She's currently living with Quil and Embry at their house. She had moved in after her 16th birthday and loved it. She got to spend every night sleeping in Quil's arms, except for the nights he had to run patrols. Even though they lived together, they had never gone further than some touching and heavy kissing. Claire was on her way home from her Aunt Emily. She had been over for dinner since Emily was all alone, all of the boys - Sam included had a pack meeting and patrol in the woods. She was missing Quil like crazy even though they had been together just hours before. Once she was at home she started preparing for bed. She didn't know how long the boys would be gone and was tired enough to go to sleep before they came home, knowing that they sometimes patrolled all night. She had almost drifted away when she felt the bed dip. She slowly opened one tired eye and mumbled, "Hello." "Hello beautiful, I'm sorry if I woke you up." Quil whispered with an apologetic smile. "Nah, wasn't asleep yet." Claire yawned and leaned up for a kiss. Quil's lips met Claire's in a heated kiss. "I missed you." Claire moaned into Quil's mouth, deepening the kiss for every second that passed. "Missed you too." Quil gasped, trying to catch his breath. His Claire was really breath-taking. They had been dating since Claire turned 16. Claire noticed that Quil seemed really tired. "We should sleep." "Mhm…" Quil had already fallen down on the bed next to her, laying on his stomach. "Come on, don't fall asleep with your clothes on, it'll get too hot." Claire scolded with a pointed glare at Quil's shorts. She had her hands on the waistband when Quil captured her hands. "Oh right, you're not wearing anything underneath, right?" Claire laughed. She still hadn't seen her boyfriend in less than boxers on. "I'll go change." Quil mumbled sleepily and dragged himself out of bed, heading towards the bathroom with a pair of boxers in his hands. "Good night, I love you." Quil whispered once he got back and settled in the bed, spooning Claire. "Good night Quil, love you too." Claire sighed with a quick peck on his lips before turning around and pulling the thin sheet up over them. Several days comfortable passed, Claire woke up, spent all of her free time with Quil only leaving his side when he had wold duties and then spending even more time with Quil before they both went to sleep. "Hey Claire, want to hang out today?" Renesmee's beautiful voice rang out from the phone. "Sure, I'll meet you at the beach, 11 o'clock?" Claire suggested. "I'll be there!" Renesmee replied and they said their goodbye's before hanging up. "You're going to leave me all alone today?" Quil faked a sad smile. "You can have me any other day, I don't see Nessie that often anymore." Claire sighed. She missed her best friend. Nessie, Jacob and the Cullens were currently living in Alaska but Jake and Nessie used to visit La Push frequently. Jacob still phased to be able to stay young with Nessie so he almost always knew what was up on the reservation. Claire hurried to get ready, putting on a swimsuit under her clothes. It was summer and a unusually hot day for Forks, Washington. "Bye, see you later!" Claire gave Quil a brief kiss before running outside. "Bye Embry!" She yelled as she ran past him. He was sitting on the couch, watching TV. Claire ran all the way to the beach since it wasn't that far. When she got closer she saw her best friend sit and wait for her on a log near the treeline. "Hello Claire." Nessie greeted with a huge smile on her face as she hugged Claire close. "Hey Nessie, I missed you, you have to come here more often." Claire smiled. "I'll try, I know Jake also missed everybody." Nessie laughed, she had also missed her best friend. "How's your family doing?" Claire politely asked. "Well, Carlisle is working at the local hospital. Esme is helping with some charity organisations. Emmett and Rosalie are currently traveling in Europe. Me, Jake, Alice, Jasper goes to school together with mom and dad. It's not that fun…" Nessie made an ugly face. "What about you and Quil?" She added with a mischievous grin. "We're good." Claire answered immediately. "Just good?" Nessie questioned. "Well, we live together, have been a couple for one and a half year and I love him with all my heart." Claire said in a dreamy voice, her mind drifting to her boyfriend. "Still haven't done anything, huh?" Nessie pressed. "Nah…" Claire said, a bit uneasy. She didn't particularly like talking about her relationship like that. "Why not?" Nessie was always so blunt. "I don't know. Quil never seems to want to bring it up and I haven't either…" Claire said with a frustrated sigh. "But you want to?" "Yeah, I think I've been ready for a while. I just don't know if Quil wants to." Claire mumbled. "Believe me, he wants to. Don't they all?" Nessie laughed, referring to boys in general. "How's that going with Jacob?" Claire shot back. "Great, he's amazing in every way." Nessie said in a longing voice. "Is there anything special to expect the first time with a wolf?" Claire finally asked, her face redder than a tomato. Nessie didn't have any problems sharing her private life with her best friend so she thought for a minute. It was quite some time since she had done it the first time. "You know they are kind of tall and all muscly?" She started. Claire nodded, all of the boys were huge. "All parts of them are kind of huge." Nessie implied with a smirk. "Oh god." Claire got the hint and hid her flushed face in her hands. "So it kind of hurts the first time but after that it's wonderful! Then there is the heat. Their body temperature makes everything so hot . You should probably have a window open or air condition or something. Then it might also be good to do it when Embry's not at home, with the wolf hearing and everything." Nessie laughed. "Yeah, thank you." Claire grumbled. The more she thought of it, the more she wanted to take the next step. She hadn't even seen her boyfriend naked for crying out loud! "Why don't you take the initiative? Wear something sexy, grab him and make him your man. He can't resist you!" Nessie exclaimed. "I'll think about it." Claire replied, a plan taking place in her head. The girls chatted for a few more hours before they left separate ways. Nessie was going to drive back to Alaska and Claire was going to head back home. "It was nice talking to you, please come visit soon. And bring Jake of course!" Claire hugged her friend goodbye, not wanting to let go. "Same to you, I'll be sure to bring him the next time." Nessie smiled lovingly. It had been amazing that her parents and her Jake let her drive the way to La Push on her own. "Bye Ness, you're the best friend a girl could ever have." Claire said with a last wave. "Goodbye Claire. We'll always be best friends, see you soon." Ness replied and drove off. Claire waited until her car wasn't visible anymore before starting to walk home. She was not going to waste any more time. She wanted Quil, and she wanted him tonight. Good thing Embry had patrol this night, the house was going to be empty except for her and Quil of course. Claire got home quite late. It was already 8 o'clock. She had been on the beach with Nessie all day, missing lunch. Neither Quil nor Embry could be seen, they must have been out in the woods since they didn't answer their cell phones. Claire made some food for herself and ate slowly. Thinking about the night ahead. After finish her meal she went into her and Quil's room. She changed into her best push up bra. It was black and lacy with matching lacy boy shorts. Then she laid down in the bed, waiting for Quil. She didn't have to wait long. "I'm sorry I'm late baby. I was just doing some running with the boys." Quil said when he flopped down on the bed, leaning forward to hug Claire. Claire didn't answer but kissed him deeply. The kiss started a full make out session. "Mhmm." Claire moaned in Quil's mouth. She could feel something all to familiarly hard press on her inner thigh. She wrapped herself around Quil, not breaking the kiss. Quil started to pull away and gasped once he saw Claire. The sheet had fallen off her body and she was now only in her underwear. She felt herself blush under Quil's heated glaze. Quil was only wearing his shorts as usual but he still had more on than Claire. "I want you." Claire whispered, pulling Quil close to her. "Are you sure?" Quil questioned. He had been waiting for this moment for years though he never said anything. He didn't want to make Claire to something she would regret later. And he was also scared that he'd disappoint Claire in any way. She might not like how he looked, or think he's the worst lover existing… "I'm sure, I trust you." Claire shyly but powerfully replied, hiding her face behind her soft blonde curls. "I love you." Quil simply stated as he started to kiss her again. He kissed his way from Claire's face, down her chest, stomach and stopped when he was facing Claire's panties. "I love you too." Claire whispered. That was all Quil needed. He carefully removed Claire's underwear and started to kiss his way along her inner thighs, getting closer and closer to Claire's heated core. "You have too much clothes on." Claire frowned, she was in her bra while Quil was still covered decently in his shorts. She reached for the waistband of Quil's cutoff's and this time he didn't stop her. Claire slowly pulled the shorts down, gasping once they were gone. Quil was huge, she couldn't believe that thing fit inside of his pants. "Oh my god." She breathed hard, not letting her gaze drift away from Quil's member who was standing proudly, pointing straight up. "Umm…" Quil nervously scratched the back of his head, forcing his hands not to cover himself up. He didn't know if Claire's reaction was good or bad. "I love you, you're perfect but how will that thing fit inside me?" Claire exclaimed as she blushed, her face completely red. She had finally let her gaze wander over Quil's body. "Don't worry, we're meant to be together." Quil tried to calm her. "I'll go slow and stop whenever you want me to." "Alright, go on" Claire demanded after a few minutes. Her shyness gone. Quil's tongue made contact with Claire's wet folds. He was circling his tongue, driving Claire crazy. Claire was panting hard as Quil worked his mouth in her most private area while