Authors notes: Oh my lord here it is. This one-shot...ugh it ripped my heart out of my chest while I was writing it. Angst. Angst. Angst. Why do I do this to myself? And more importantly, why do I do this to my babies? ;^; /sobs This was almost therapeutic to write, though. Things have been rough over here for me so angst and emotion has been very easy to dive into lately. Rated M for Johanna's potty mouth! Other then that it's tame. Johanna's POV also. She's so fun to write. Enjoy, my loves~ Hope it doesn't tear at your heart too much~ I loved writing this so I hope you like reading it! ~Aviditty The Clincher I can't remember how this started, or even when it began to divulge before my very eyes. I don't remember when I became enamored with the girl on fire; I only remember that she wormed her way into my heart, my very soul. I never thought I'd love anyone ever again but fate is a sickening roulette that stops spinning when you least expect it. I knew that all too well. That fateful night when I spilled that I was slightly smitten by the girl on fire, she admitted that she felt the same. We watched each others games, enraptured by one another, rooting for each others victories, never really knowing if we'd get the opportunity to meet. But then there was the victory tour and I got to see Katniss more and more, and then we were reaped into the Quarter Quell. Why you would say it was fate. I didn't know what she had that held me there but she had me wrapped around her finger. And it's odd. Such an odd feeling. To feel after so long. I thought I'd never feel for anyone again but then she happened. We happened. We'd exchange glances, secret smiles, meet up during training sessions. I promised to save her, no matter what it took. No matter what – her life would be spared. No matter what fate would throw at me she would be my priority. Nothing else mattered except her. ~ ღ ~ I laugh, wading in the pool as Katniss tests the water. We decide to kill some time at the poolside. It's only us since it's not exactly swimming weather. The pool was heated though so we were able to swim even in this harsh chilly weather the Capitol's been having. I wade in the water and watch as Katniss dips her foot in, her eyebrows furrowing as if she's contemplating whether she wants to jump in or not. "C'mon, brainless!" I catcall, taunting her. "The pool's heated! It's not cold – just jump in." She rolls her eyes and gives me a wave of her hand as if she's saying yeah yeah. She sits at the edge of the pool and lets her feet dangle off the edge. Fttt what a pansy. I wade over to her. "You're only cold because the air is frigid. The water isn't cold." "Easy for you to say," she snorts. "you seem to be able to handle a lot of weather conditions. I don't tolerate the cold well." If you don't come in soon I'll make you. I think. My lips curve into a mischievous grin and I pat her thigh with my hand. She flinches and gives a little yelp. "See? Your hands are cold." I give her a sneer and grab her by the legs pulling her in with me. "In you go!" I shout, cackling up a storm. She flails and lets out a few shrieks but eventually she calms down when the shock of being forced into the water fades. She pouts and I just stick my tongue out and waggle my eyebrows. "Not so bad now, huh?" "Well it would've been better if I had been allowed to go at my own pace, but yeah, just great." "Stop being a pouty brat." I snort, nudging her with my foot underwater. "C'mon, lets have some fun." She rolls her eyes and loosens up after awhile. "Wanna race?" She suggests as we swim over to the more shallow end. "One lap, front to back. Let's see who's the better swimmer." "It's so on." I sneer as I flex my body preparing for the swim. "One..." Katniss counts down as we prepare ourselves. "Two..." I brace myself against the pool wall, ready to kick off with my feet. She shouts "Three!" and we're off. I push off the wall and propel like a jet in the water. She's taking the lead and I decide to dive under water, the perpetual silence greeting me as I stroke. I'm tempted to grab her by her feet and mess with her because I love teasing her but I decide to play fair. May the odds be ever in your favor. Oh so fitting. I reach the deep end of the pool and do a 360, kicking off the wall and making my way back to the imaginary finish line. It seems like only seconds have passed and I touch the surface but Katniss is already there beaming. Little brat. "I won." She folds her hands over her chest not able to hide a smirk. "Yeah, yeah." I tease, shoving her playfully. "Here's a medal." She laughs and leans back against the edge of the pool as we wade alongside one another. "But really," she asks. "what's my prize." I snort, "Whatever you want." She purses her lips thinking for a moment and then her eyes glint with mischief. She bats her eyelashes at me playfully before grabbing me by the shoulders and dunking me underwater, holding me down. She releases me and I gasp for air, spitting and sputtering as she cackles. "That was for earlier," She snickers. "Payback for torturing me by drowning me in water before I was ready." "Phht." I run hands through my slick wet hair and chuckle after I've caught my breath. "There, you won the race and you got to torture me back. Anything else you want?" She grabs me by the shoulders and pulls me in for a wet kiss, obviously not satisfied over her winnings. "There. Now I'm satisfied." She giggles, her eyes shining as she relishes in her victory kiss. ~ ღ ~ Heading back to my room I figured a nice hot shower would be in store, might as well relish in these luxuries while I can, right? Not to mention I'd want to get the chlorine out of my hair. After that I suppose Katniss would show up for another rendezvous since she wanted to see me., despite the fact that we needed rest for the big day tomorrow. I roll my eyes at the thought of getting all dolled up for the interviews tomorrow, bile churned in my stomach at the thought. How badly I wished I could just spit in the Capitol's faces. I'll probably be rehearsing my interview in my head all night at the witty, snarky comments I could make. I jab my keycard into the slot and I enter the room with a satisfied smirk. That look is completely obliterated when I realize there's an intruder in my room. My safe haven while I'm holed up in the Capitol until the games – gone. Tarnished. I slam my hand against my mouth trying so hard not to gag up the bile rising in my stomach. This isn't real. It can't be. That bastard! The stench of roses and blood fills my senses until I'm reeling and my head is spinning. I thought I'd never see him up close in person again but here he is invading my space like the self-righteous asshole that he is. GET OUT! My heart pounds against my ribcage and it takes everything in my willpower not to run over and slam my fist in his face. I clench my fists, adrenaline is my drug right now. My head was spinning I couldn't even form a coherent question. I just kept asking myself, what, why, and how? Good God get out! Leave! I cross over to where he's sitting so nonchalantly on my bed and clench my fist dying to swing. Oh God how I wish I could wipe that smirk off his face. I whirl on him with my words, hissing with deliberation, "What the fuck are you doing here?! Get out!" My words are venomous, hateful, yet he doesn't even blink. He just chuckles and motions for me to take a seat in the black velvet chair near the window. Like heck I would. When he sees I'm making no motion to move he just gives me a shake of his head, so mocking and condescending. "Now Johanna, is that anyway to greet a friend? After all, we haven't seen each other in…what? 4 years?" Friend. You're kidding me right? He must've been snorting coke before he came 'cause he's as high as a kite if he thinks I'm a friend. Fucking bastard. "I don't think the murderer of my friends and family deserves a welcome committee like you're some kind of King." I spat through clenched teeth. "Burn in Hell!" He leans back with a sardonic smile. "Still a spitfire I see. And quite a potty mouth on you. Didn't your family teach you manners?" "I don't think manners apply when you're speaking to the spawn of Satan." I narrow my eyes and cross my arms across my chest so I'm not tempted to throw punches in his direction. So much loathing, so much anger surges through me. He makes me sick. How the heck did he get in anyways? Isn't this an invasion of privacy? Not that that matters to him. "How excited are you to be in the Quarter Quell, Johanna?" He asks with fake sincerity. "Quite an honor to be reaped not once, but twice. Perhaps you'll live to tell the tale." Can a bolt of lightning strike him right now? Please. Just do me the favor. "Get to the point, Snow." I hiss, eyes shining with venom. How dare he have the audacity to mock all the victors and call us honored to be reaped again. "Why are you here?" "Now now. Patience is a virtue. You seem to have none." He taunts while fixing his rose pinned to his chest. "Idle chitchat never hurt anyone. How's Finnick?" Thank God he was smart enough to say my best friends name. Had he said my family I would've hauled over and beat him to a bloody pulp before he could even blink. Sarcastic douchebag. "Why don't you ask him yourself?" I purse my lips and huff. "He became a prostitute at the age of fourteen thanks to you. Yeah. I'm sure he's just freaking peachy." President Snow leans forward with his hands on his chin as if he was eagerly awaiting my every response. "His lover is alive and well, however. And for that he's grateful." Venom shines in my eyes and it takes everything in my willpower not to scream and condemn him right then and there. I'm sick of this charade. This stupid little game he's playing. Clearly he's come for a reason. Stop beating around the bush. I narrow my eyes as hatred revels from my every core. I can't bare to be in the same room as him, let alone hold a conversation with him. He needs to leave or I'll drag him out with my bare hands. He can't hurt me anymore so why is he here? Why is he trying to get under my skin? He has no way to control me. He doesn't own me – no one does. "What brought you here?" I annunciate every word with poison laced in-between. He looks at me like he knows nothing of what I'm talking about. I get to the point. "There's nothing you can hurt me with anymore." He quirks a