Chapter 1 – New Beginnings "Finnick, put me down. I don't need my arm to walk." In spite of Annie's half-hearted struggles, her husband refuses to let her go, lifting her from the bloody spot on the deck where she fell, grazed by a Peacekeeper bullet. He carries her to the bridge of the newly named Victorious . The fight with the eight-man crew of the Peacekeeper cutter over a small boat caught poaching in Capitol waters had been brief but intense. Firing on the cutter – and hoping the Peacekeepers didn't have time to call in the attack – was the only thing they could do to help the Obispo family, friends of young Luis Macray. The newest member of their group of fugitives, Luis had joined them a few days earlier when he'd helped Annie and Paul escape a Peacekeeper patrol only to find himself hunted, as well. When they'd decided to help the Obispos, Finnick had Paul, his former Peacekeeper guard, take out the cutter's communications array. Paul had hit it on his first shot, sending up a shower of sparks. Afterward, Annie had acted as spotter for the ex-Peacekeeper, calling out human targets until the cutter's crew finally began to fire back at them. Although she and Paul, working as a team, had killed two Peacekeepers and injured three more, Annie was the only one injured aboard the Victorious . She has to admit that the jagged tear in her right shoulder and arm, about two inches long and pretty deep where the bullet tore free, looks ugly even with the colors washed out by the cold light of the moon. The pain isn't bad, but she's sure that will change once the adrenaline wears off. The wound continues to bleed even with pressure applied and she gives up trying to convince Finnick that it's nothing. It's hard to make someone believe an injury isn't bad when it clearly needs stitches. Stepping under the roof of the bridge, Finnick sweeps his charts and instruments to the side of his chart table and sets Annie down in the clear space, careful not to jostle her arm. Mairenn, his fifteen-year-old niece and victor of the 76th Hunger Games, switches on the bridge lights and hurries over with the boat's first aid kit; they'd cut all the lights hours ago to make themselves less of a target for Peacekeeper guns. For an instant, all Annie sees when she looks at Mair is the girl's cousin Rhys, who died in the Games she'd won, and she closes her eyes against that unexpected pain. Rhys had been Annie's constant companion in the days leading up to and during the Quarter Quell, doing everything he could to distract her from the fact of Finnick in the arena. The pain of his loss, of knowing that he died because of her and Finnick as part of Snow's punishment for their failed rebellion, is far worse than the sting of her arm. "This'll hurt, Annie," Mairenn warns her just before she starts to clean the gash. Staring down at Mairenn's head as she bends over her work, at her normally bronze-colored hair, lightened to blonde so that she no longer matches the Capitol's wanted posters, Annie laughs. The sound is harsh in the quiet. "Oh, Mair, this is nothing. Do what you have to do." Mairenn, too, was part of Snow's punishment. Nearly every tribute in the 76th Games had been dear to someone in the rebellion. Finnick's niece and nephew, Peeta's friend Delly, Gale Hawthorne's brother Vick, Chaff's daughter, Seeder's grandson, others who Annie didn't know, all hand-picked by the president. Vick Hawthorne was only twelve years old when he died. "Mair?" Finnick's voice pulls Annie back to the bridge of the Victorious . He, too, has altered his appearance, his bronze hair turned to a dark-brown at odds with the lighter, reddish stubble on his cheeks and jaw. Mairenn sets aside her bloody towel in favor of needle and thread to close the tear in Annie's arm. "She's lost some blood, Uncle Finnick, but I don't think it's too bad." Mairenn studies the wound, blood still welling, before she says, "I think three or four stitches should take care of it." Annie has to admit, if only to herself, that she's feeling a little light headed, giving credence to the girl's assessment of her blood loss. With a worried glance at Annie, Finnick nods and then starts rifling through the charts he'd pushed aside until he finds the one he's looking for. Bringing it and a small flashlight to the chart table, he spreads the chart out, Annie shifting a few inches to the right to give him more room, and pins the curling corners in place with a book – The Fisherman's Guide to District Four, 2 nd Edition – and one of Annie's shoes, abandoned earlier that afternoon. A good quarter of the chart curls over the edge of the table. He switches on the navigation system for a moment, jots down some information from the screen, and then switches it off again. It's so quiet on the bridge, just the three of them while the others take care of things across the water on the cutter, that Annie can hear the scratch of pencil on paper as Finnick makes his calculations. Mairenn douses her needle and thread with alcohol from a small bottle she found in the first aid kit and then, pinching the edges of the gash together, begins to sew. Annie watches her work, unable to quite look away. It feels more odd than painful, the pin prick of the needle, the tug of the thread at her skin. She grimaces but doesn't cry out at the more forceful tug when the girl finishes by biting off the thread before splashing the area with more of the alcohol. Shouts from the cutter bring Finnick to his feet; on his way past her to find out what's happening, he lightly strokes Annie's hand. She shivers at the brief touch, but once Finnick is past, the shivering doesn't stop. "Are you cold, Annie?" Mairenn asks as she tucks in the ends of the gauze that holds her bandage in place. Annie nods, glancing down at the pristine white cloth, almost glowing in the moonlight against the darker shade of her pebbling skin. "A little." She feels a little sick as the adrenaline rush wears off and her arm begins to throb in time with her heartbeat. She shivers again, so violently that her teeth chatter for a beat before she clenches her jaw to stop them. Okay, maybe more than just a little cold. Am I going into shock? She curls her uninjured arm protectively over her midriff and the tiny spark of life growing there as Mairenn hurries aft and returns a moment later with a light blanket that she drapes over Annie's shoulders. Picking up the first aid kit again, Mair rummages through it, looking for something. Outside the bridge, Paul shouts something from the cutter, but Annie can't make out the words. Mairenn pours water into a cup from a dispenser attached to one of the columns. "This should help," she says as she presses the cup into Annie's hand; Annie looks down at the swirling liquid within. Finnick momentarily distracts them both when he steps back onto the bridge, but then Mairenn says, "Drink it, Annie." She sounds so much like Finnick's mother that Annie smiles even as she complies with Mairenn's order. If it weren't for Jenna sending a message to her son by way of the Final Eight interviews, she and Finnick would still be in the Capitol under Snow's control. "Okay, here's the plan." Reentering the bridge, Finnick picks up the chart from where it had fallen to the floor and partially spreads it out between where Annie still sits and the table's edge. She shifts again to see the chart better, but has to close her eyes for a moment as a wave of vertigo washes over her. "While I'd rather just take us home," he continues, glancing toward Annie, "Paul and I are going to take the cutter, the Obispos, and their haul back to the mainland. We have to get that fish taken care of before it goes bad or a lot of people will go hungry. Mair, you and Luis will take Annie and the ketch back to Victors' Island." He jots down the course for her to follow as he speaks. "Won't that be dangerous, Uncle Finnick?" Annie opens her eyes again, focusing on Finnick. "It will, yes. You'll just have to make sure you don't run into any more Peacekeepers." He hands her his notes and watches as she reads them. "Are you up to it? You'll have to run dark…" Mairenn nods, her eyes darting across the page as she memorizes the course. "Papa let me navigate our last couple of night runs before the war." She sounds a little sad when she mentions her father and Annie recalls that Mairenn hasn't seen him in months, not since he disappeared along with Finnick's father and sister just ahead of Peacekeeper forces. Annie shifts, trying to get more comfortable. Her vision swims and she sways where she sits, more light-headed than ever. When she puts out a hand to steady herself, she sees Finnick watching her with a worried frown. "Annie?" "I'm alright, Finnick," she reassures him. "Just a little woozy." He leans in and gently kisses her on the forehead, all scratchy stubble and soft lips, then scoops her up once more. Annie is too tired to protest this time as Finnick carries her from the bridge to their small cabin below. Resting her head on his shoulder, she's asleep before they ever leave the bridge. xXx "How does it feel to be back in uniform?" Paul looks up at Finnick's question, then returns to buckling on his sidearm, white metal against white tunic and trousers beneath white body armor. The only thing that isn't white is the visor on the helmet, still hanging with its fellows on hooks screwed into the far wall. "Weird," Paul replies, checking to make sure his pistol is loaded before replacing it in its white leather holster. "I know it's only been a couple of weeks, but it feels weird." Finished dressing, the former Peacekeeper walks over to Finnick and begins tightening the straps on his armor. "These uniforms are a lot more comfortable when they fit properly." Paul's armor fits the best of the three, but even so, it's too loose. Of the eight Peacekeepers on the cutter's original crew, only three had been uninjured, and none of those unbloodied uniforms is quite the right size for the three men who wear them now. They'll do, so long as no one looks at them too closely. But then, if all goes well, the fit of these stolen uniforms won't matter. "Wait a minute. You're a ghost ?" Finnick and Paul look over at Kian Obispo. The shortest of the three men, his uniform fits the worst. Where Paul, even in an ill-fitting uniform, reeks of Peacekeeper, Kian reminds Finnick of a boy in costume playing at Peacekeepers and Rebels. "Ghost?" Finnick asks and looks back at Paul, who shrugs: he doesn't seem to know the term either. "Sorry," Kian says. "It's what we called the Peacekeepers during the war. Because of the uniforms." Finnick makes a mental note to find out what the Obispos did during that time. Given the use of the term "ghost," he's pretty sure Kian's sympathies, at least, were firmly with the rebels. " Ex -Peacekeeper," Paul corrects Kian, straightening the lay of Finnick's left shoulder piece. "Or should I say ex- ghost ? It was kind of a dead-end job." Finnick laughs as Paul takes a step back to survey his work. Apparently satisfied, he turns to inspect Kian and Finnick steps out