Prologue Annie sits on the floor of the family room in front of the television, her arms wrapped around her knees in the darkness. The TV provides the only light, illuminating her face as Finnick asks Peeta for his knife. She doesn't want to watch, but she can't look away – if she looks away, something awful will happen to Finnick. She knows it's irrational, but she can't shake that feeling, and so she sits on the floor and she watches and she rocks and she tries to hold the specter of the arena she never left at bay. "Annie, dear, is everything alright?" Finnick's mother asks from the doorway. Jenna doesn't turn the lights on and Annie is grateful for that. Darkness is best. It's safer in the dark. Easier to hide. "I can't sleep," Annie says into the crook of her elbow. Finnick presses the point of the borrowed knife to the inside of his right arm and Annie finds the same spot on her left arm with her thumb, a tiny lump beneath her skin. "Can't sleep," she repeats. Finnick slices deep, digging for something with the knife tip as the blood flows to drip onto his knee. Annie focuses on the red stream and then she closes her eyes against it, but it doesn't go away. "What in the world is he doing?" Jenna's confusion is palpable as she watches her son damage his own arm. "The tracker," Annie whispers, rocking, her eyes still closed, her vision drowned in red. "He's cutting out the tracker." She presses her thumbnail against the tiny lump on her forearm, running her nail back and forth, back and forth, trying to cut through her own skin, but her thumbnail will never be sharp enough. The trackers biodegrade after a year, that's what they told her. Long enough for the arena and the Victory Tour, but not forever. But what if they lied? What if they don't stop working? What if the lump in her arm is transmitting her location to the Capitol even now? What if she truly never left the arena? What if that isn't all in her head? Jenna lowers herself to the floor beside Annie and pulls her into her arms. "Hush, Annie. He'll be alright." Annie lets her think that's all she's worried about. "He has to be." Annie hates the lost note in her own voice, but she can't stop that anymore than she can sleep or she can cut the tracker from her arm or she can fly to the arena and carry Finnick away. She leans into Jenna, lets some of that almost unshakeable calm flow into her. The siren song of the arena begins to fade along with the pain in her arm. Annie looks down, sees the smear of blood, dark against her skin, crescent shaped and welling as she watches. While Jenna strokes Annie's hair, Annie pushes at the lump, herding it toward the unexpected tear in her skin. Apparently, her nail was sharp enough after all. The light of the TV flickers again. There is no sound. She didn't want to wake anyone. Everyone else is asleep, save for Annie and now Jenna. Things in the arena are moving faster than anyone anticipated and Finnick's father wants them all to be up and away well before dawn. A million years ago, it seems, Thomas promised his son to keep them all safe while Finnick did what he had to do in the arena. A million years ago, it seems, Thomas promised his son to take Annie far out to sea, to hide her away from the Capitol before the Capitol could come for her. The stinging in Annie's arm tells her that they're far too late. There is a knock at the front door and both Annie and Jenna jump. It's not yet midnight in the arena, but here it's approaching 1:00 a.m. The two women look at each other as the knock sounds again, louder, more insistent. Provisions for a long voyage weigh down the fishing boats tied up at the family dock, and as things stand in District 4, those provisions alone are evidence of treason. Reason enough for the Capitol to take them all, not just Annie. Annie rolls to her feet and hauls Finnick's mother up with her as his father runs down the stairs to the sound of a fist pounding on the door. "What the hell?" "Peacekeeper business!" a man shouts, his voice muffled. "Open the door!" More pounding. Clinging tightly to Jenna's hand, Annie sways where she stands, the blood roaring in her ears. Thomas has his hand on the knob when the door bursts open and a Peacekeeper shoves him back, pins him against the wall with a rifle held as a bar across Thomas' throat. More Peacekeepers follow, spreading out into the entryway, surrounding Annie and Jenna. The noise awakens the rest of the family; Annie can hear them stirring. "This is a peaceful household," Thomas protests. "What right do you have—?" The Peacekeeper presses his rifle into Thomas throat, choking off his words. A man wearing the badge of the Head Peacekeeper steps into the entryway. Annie feels the dark waters of the arena tug at her, call to her, swirl around the Peacekeepers in their white uniforms until they bleed into her vision, turning it white at the edges. She tries to blink it away, but it doesn't work, the whiteness only grows, shot through by dark lightning. The head gestures with one black-gloved hand and a woman steps over to Annie and pulls her hands behind her back and locks her wrists into cold metal cuffs. She leads Annie to the door. No one answers Thomas' interrupted question. No one says a word until Annie breaks the silence. "No," she says, louder than she means, and stops cold. The Peacekeeper's fingers tighten around her arm as she continues to pull her along, but Annie fights. She doesn't know what they'll do to her in the Capitol – nothing good – only that Finnick adamantly did not want her there. And she's suddenly sure that's where they're taking her. "No!" Annie shouts and tries to break free, but with her hands locked behind her back, she's off balance and can't pull away. A second Peacekeeper grasps Annie's arm above the elbow and, between the two of them, the Peacekeepers all but lift Annie from her feet. No matter how wildly she thrashes, they don't let her go. Finnick's father shouts her name and Annie struggles harder. She succeeds in jerking an arm free and takes a step away, back toward the illusory safety of the house, only to fall to her knees as the other Peacekeeper refuses to let go her hold. She yanks Annie roughly to her feet, the other regains his grip, and they half-drag, half-carry Annie up the ramp into a hovercraft waiting in front of the Odairs' home. The ramp rises almost as soon as she's on board, cutting off sight and sound, but before it does, Annie hears shouting, shattering glass, the sharp report of gunfire. The hovercraft lifts off from the ground, circles out over the water and Annie looks down, her cheek pressed against cold glass. Below the hovercraft, out in the gulf, Victors' Island is burning, and as the circle widens and the hovercraft flies back over the mainland toward the Capitol, Annie sees that it isn't just Victors' Island. Half of District 4 is burning. xXx Finnick sits in the middle of a crowded hallway in the middle of the bunker that is District 13 and frantically works knots. Even that is a victory of sorts, because for days and days, he doesn't know how many days, they wouldn't trust him with even a small length of rope, afraid that he might harm himself. To be honest, they were right to fear that, although he doesn't know why anyone here would even care. His home is gone. His family is scattered across what's left of District 4, half of them in hiding, the other half leading the fight there against the Capitol, all of them hunted by Peacekeepers. And Annie… He bites back a sob and pulls the rope taut between his hands, destroying the half-finished knot, starts to work another. At least they're better off than Twelve , he thinks. Every day, he sits in a room, sits tucked away in a corner, in a forgotten hallway, in a storage closet, in a utility shaft and works knots. Tries to lose himself in the patterns, in the texture of the rope against the pads of his fingers, the feel of the trailing end wrapped around his wrist or loose and dangling, rhythmically striking his arm or his knee, the tickle of it against his skin. The thin fibers held between sometimes shaking fingers are all he has to distract himself from what's happening to Annie. They ask him why he's so agitated, why he can't let it go, how he can be so sure they're hurting her and not simply asking her questions for which she has no answers. But he knows what Snow's interrogations are like. He knows. He knows. Rough Peacekeeper hands. Lies and manipulation and half-truths twisted until you don't know what's real and what's false. Needles and pills that they force you to swallow. They won't stop until they break her, until she tells them everything she knows, but she doesn't know anything and so they won't stop. They won't ever stop. Finnick frantically works knots until his fingers bleed and he tries hard not to cry or, barring that, to stop crying. If he could only stop crying, then maybe they'd let him do something , something useful, anything at all. He'd do anything if it would help her. They're destroying her, Snow is destroying her, breaking her into tiny, jagged little pieces and it took her so long to put those pieces back together the first time. And the second time. The third time. He doesn't want there to be a fourth time. He thinks maybe she could handle it, if there is; he knows that he can't. And so he'll do anything if it will help her. Help Annie. "Finnick, you don't have to do this." Finnick stares at Haymitch and, beyond him, at Plutarch and the lights and the microphones and the sound crews and camera crews, wonders how it came to this. But he knows. He knows. He focuses on those lights and those cameras and for the first time in weeks, the buzzing inside his head stills. He closes his fist around the fraying piece of rope, white once, but now nearly as gray as the clothing he wears or the walls that surround him or the people who live here. "If it'll help her," he whispers and he thinks maybe he said that already, but it doesn't matter; it bears repeating. Finnick takes his place on the tall stool centered in a puddle of light and he looks into the camera, feels things inside his head rearrange, shift into old patterns hard learned. He straightens his back, his shoulders, lifts his chin and pulls on the mask he's lived behind for years. He can't do this himself. He can't. And so he becomes someone else once more, someone he never liked but who he couldn't survive without. He nods to Plutarch. "I'm ready." He doesn't know if he says it aloud or only in his head, but it must have been aloud because everyone around him stops what they're doing to focus on him. He, on the other hand, after a glance at Haymitch, who knows some of what he's about to reveal, focuses on Katniss, the only other person in the room who might possibly understand what it means to him. Maybe not what he has to say – how could she? – but the reasons