13 July, 75 The pain was excruciating. She struggled just to breathe as she lost control of her spasming muscles. Her fingers and lips began to tingle, the sensation oddly comforting as it momentarily distracted from the agony of burning skin. Mags closed her eyes – her eyesight was failing, anyway – clinging to the last sight of her boy, handsome and strong, as she fought to pull in one last breath. He had to live, and she was the only thing holding him immobile, unable to leave her behind and do the things they all needed him to do. Resolute, she breathed in the poison as deeply as she could and opened her mouth to scream as the fog shorted out already overloaded nerves, turning the pain to blessed numbness, instead. There was no sound, her vocal chords ruined when she breathed in the gas. Te amo, hijo de mi corazón. Her last words to the green-eyed, bronze-haired boy, who'd grown into a good man in spite of the manipulations of Snow and the Capitol, rolled through her head like the tide. Vivo, hijo. Vivo. 4 July, 75 "Volunteer!" Mags shouted it at the top of her lungs, making sure they heard her over Annie's screams. The child was hysterical, understandably so. The girl had begun to whimper when they called Finnick's name; a soft word and Mags' steady hand on her arm had quieted her, but hearing her own name called moments later, the realization that both she and her love were headed back to the arena, had pushed Annie over the edge. Knowing that Annie in the arena would be a death sentence for them both, these children so dear to her, Mags had done the only thing she could do. "Me ofrezco…" she whispered in the language of her childhood. The Peacekeeper who escorted her up the stairs to the stage couldn't possibly recognize the words, even if he heard them. And if he recognized it for the treason it was, what could he do about it, this late in the game? It's better this way , Mags thought as she took her place beside Finnick. It was better that her tired, worn out body, flesh and bone that no longer obeyed her will, die. Her death in the arena would give her boy – and by extension, the rebellion – a chance to live. 21 July, 74 A fierce excitement welled up within Mags as she watched the girl from 12 pour poison berries into her district partner's waiting hand. The words wouldn't come, the left side of her face, of her entire body, refused to work, paralyzed for who knew how long by the stroke that had left her confined to a hospital bed, tied there by tubes and damned noisy machines. But her voice still worked and she used it to gain her son's attention. When he looked up from his book – always with his nose stuck in a book, her Camilo – she flailed toward the television with the one arm that still mostly worked. "Mama? What is it? Do you need water?" Frustrated, Mags hooted louder, gestured more emphatically toward the television in the corner of the room, and finally Camilo understood. Reaching for the remote, he unmuted it just as Claudius Templesmith announced the winners – winners! – of the 74th Hunger Games: Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark of District 12. Mags couldn't contain her laughter and didn't try. Poor Camilo stared at her as though the stroke had destroyed her mind as well as crippling her body, but her mind, trapped as it might be, was as sharp as it ever was. She stared, smiling with half of her face and all of her will, at the dark-haired, gray-eyed girl who herself stared defiantly at the hovercraft descending to return her and the boy to the Capitol. Katniss Everdeen was going to set President Coriolanus Snow's world on fire, and Margreta Moreno wanted nothing more than to watch it burn. 3 July, 74 Dipping a supper plate into hot, soapy water, Mags watched Finnick and Annie from her kitchen window. Following the hearty supper she had prepared, they walked hand-in-hand along the beach, heading in the general direction of their house at the northern end of the cove. It had been an enjoyable meal, with Finnick keeping both women laughing about a crab that had somehow hitched a ride on one of his father's fishing nets only to escape and terrorized the seiner's crew. It was good to see Annie so relaxed; the poor child never had an easy time of it, this close to the Games. Once Finnick was sure Annie would be alright for a little while alone, he would return to discuss tomorrow's reaping. They had a list of several likely volunteer candidates this year, unless, of course, LaSalle called a child who might stand a chance in the arena. She had first suggested that they train their children for the Games nearly sixty years ago. And though the men and women who held the positions had changed several times since then, the mayor and the head school master still chose not to field volunteers every year. Unlike their fellow "Career" districts. The mayor in particular maintained that a victory was better when earned, as if the honor of two dead children was somehow more acceptable than one live child and the extra food a victory bought the entire district because that child had been trained. Closing her eyes, Mags ran her washrag over the smooth surface of the plate in her hands, remembering the warm presence of Ewen at her side, his steady hands waiting to take the clean plate from her. She had always enjoyed doing the dishes, the slippery heat of the soapy water on her hands, the rhythm of it, especially with her beloved Ewen. Gone almost twenty years, she still missed him so much sometimes that it took her breath away, always at odd moments like this. Reaching over the sink to set the plate in the drying rack, it was as though a shadow fell over Mags. She blinked to try to clear her vision, but only her right eye cooperated. The world tilted to the left and shattered as she fell. Her left arm scraped across the counter, but she felt only a fuzzy sensation of pressure. Her head hit the floor with a sickening thud. As she blacked out, she wondered if she was dying. 5 July, 73 "Congratulations, Plutarch," Mags said with a smile. She raised her glass in salute and Plutarch Heavensbee nodded once in gracious acceptance. "What'd you do?" Haymitch asked, one eyebrow raised high as he approached them from the hors d'oeuvre table. He lifted a champagne flute from a passing tray and tossed the contents back as though it was a shot of whiskey, grimacing at the taste. Mags laughed. "Our Plutarch has been promoted," she murmured when Haymitch was close enough, her voice loud enough for the two men to hear her, but soft enough to foil the inevitable listening devices. "With any luck at all, he'll be Head Gamemaker in a year or two." "Well, it might take a little longer than that," Heavensbee demurred. "Crane is young and quite talented." "Sticks in your craw, don't it, him getting it before you?" Heavensbee frowned at the victor from 12 and Mags reached up and swatted the back of Haymitch's head. "Hey!" "Behave, boy. Plutarch's promotion is right on schedule. Any faster and we'd have our dear president looking into his background personally." She lifted her glass to her lips and looked past Haymitch and Plutarch to the colorful crowd of Capitolites fussing over the dozen or so victors in the courtyard. The younger, more attractive ones, not like her and Haymitch. Her gaze fell on Finnick and Johanna, surrounded by a flock of admirers. "We've worked too hard to get where we are, my friends. With the Quell coming, we need to be careful." 22 July, 72 From her console in the control room, Mags watched as the massive boy from District 2 pushed her tribute from the edge of the cliff into the depths of the abandoned quarry. She heard the report of a cannon over her headset a moment later; her monitor changed abruptly to static as the boy's vital signs flatlined and she pulled her headset off. Luis Montero had been their first real hope, but that hope lay dead at the bottom of a rocky pit. The rebellion would have to wait another year. 28 July, 70 "What do we do, Mags?" Finnick asked, a thread of near-panic in his voice. It was only his second time out as a mentor, his first time in the control room during either a major crisis or with a tribute who had a real chance at surviving. Mags watched the roiling, swirling flood waters on the screen, glanced at the girl's vital signs on the monitor. Her pulse and respiration both were near the top of the scale, but that wasn't surprising. Nor was it alarming, in and of itself. Not under the circumstances. She laid a calming hand on Finnick's knee. "We wait, hijo. Annie is a strong swimmer." She nodded toward the chaotic scene in the arena, the feed that showed the girl riding out the waves, bobbing to the surface for a great gulp of air before the currents dragged her under once more. "She'll sink or swim on her own, boy, and there's not a thing we can do for her. Not right now." 8 July, 68 Finnick slunk into the District 4 suite and headed to his room, doing his level best to avoid detection. Concerned, Mags called his name, but he didn't stop, just hunched his shoulders and tried to make himself look smaller. Moving more quickly through the room, the boy didn't say a word and he wouldn't meet her eyes. Ignoring Phineas LaSalle's questions, Mags followed her boy with a sinking heart. He had closed the door behind him, but it had no lock – none of the doors in the Training Center living quarters did – and when a light knock elicited no response, Mags opened it in time to see Finnick hurl his expensive jacket at the corner near the bathroom. It fell in a crumpled heap to the floor as he yanked his thin shirt over his head and sent it sailing through the air after the jacket. He reached the bathroom and switched on the light, illuminating at least a dozen bright red welts on his back, a couple of them oozing blood. "Madre de Dios…" Mags gasped, striding across the room toward him. Finnick whirled around, cutting off her sight of the damage; he grabbed at the door jamb with one hand to steady himself when his movement turned out to be a little too fast. A flash of fear on his expressive face caught at her heart and she stopped a few feet away. "Damn it, Mags, don't do that here." He didn't refer to her sneaking up on him, and she laughed bitterly. "It's nothing those who listen haven't heard before." Even so, she said nothing else in Castellan. Taking a couple of steps closer to him, she reached out to touch his right collar bone, where some of the angry red marks extended over his shoulder, but he stumbled backward, desperate that she not touch him. Mags jerked her hand away as if stung. The boy's eyes were nearly black, his pupils dilated to the point there was only a thin line of green remaining, and he held himself so utterly still just then that she could see the tattoo of his pulse racing beneath the skin of his throat. Swallowing her questions and her worry, she breathed deeply to calm her own racing pulse. "Don't forget we have a mandatory party this