Water runs in tickling, trickling rivulets through Finnick's hair, dripping into his eyes to blind him, onto his neck to slide under his shirt and making him shiver as he and Corin drag the water-heavy nets to his porch. They drop the piles of knotted rope to the wooden surface with a thud as the smell of fish and rotting seaweed rises in the air. It started raining while they were still half an hour out from Victors' Island and it doesn't look as though it's going to stop anytime soon. "You sure you want that so close to the house?" Corin asks, wrinkling his nose and Finnick laughs. His mother's younger brother has always been a fastidious man, but it doesn't make him any less effective a fisherman. "It's not that bad." Finnick rubs his face in the crook of one elbow, doing little more than smear the water around, but it still clears his eyes so he can see Annie watching them from just inside the door. He smiles at her, his heart beating just a little faster when she smiles back at him. Corin glances over at her and then back to his nephew. "And will your Annie think it's not that bad?" Pushing the door open to join them, Annie says, "She doesn't mind it so much." The door slams behind her as she pulls her sweater a little tighter around her torso; bundled up on top, her legs and feet are bare beneath a pair of cutoff shorts. It's the middle of June, but a cold front rolled in, dropping the temperature by twenty degrees since they took the boat out that morning. Corin holds out his hand and takes a step toward Annie. "I'm Corin," he says. "Finnick's uncle." Finnick holds his breath for a moment, but Annie takes Corin's hand as though she meets potentially overwhelming strangers on her back porch every day. But then, she survived meeting his own sister and nephew the month before, not to mention his parents; Corin is a piece of cake in comparison. "I'm glad to finally meet you, Annie." With a sly glance at Finnick, he continues, "Finn talks about you constantly ." A horn sounds in the vicinity of the pier and all three of them look that way. Saved from dignifying the jab with a reaction, Finnick sees his sister Shandra waving. "Looks like Dad is impatient to be off." Corin releases Annie's hand. "I'd best get down there before he hurts something." He grins at Annie. "Besides, your boyfriend here has been wanting to cut and run all afternoon. I figured it was because he wanted to get back to you." Finnick rolls his eyes as Corin jogs down the steps, but then his gaze lights on the pile of nets in need of repair before morning. Something is missing. "Crap. Corin! Hold on!" he calls even as he turns to tell Annie, "I'll be right back." Visibly shivering at a gust of wind that carries with it a spray of rain, Annie nods and goes back inside as Finnick runs down the steps after his uncle. Seeing Finnick running after him empty-handed, Corin stops and asks, "What did you forget?" "The rope for the repairs. I don't have anything heavy enough on hand." "Heavy enough, huh? Just what kind of rope do you have on hand?" Corin's tone is teasing as he starts walking to the pier again. He doesn't mean anything by it and Finnick makes some noncommittal noise in answer, but still Finnick's step falters and his breath catches in his throat. Marc Wellington in particular would like to spend some time with you. Snow's summons, requiring Finnick's presence in the Capitol tomorrow evening, had come in the post the day before, but Finnick had only read it this morning. It's the first time Snow has called him to the Capitol since Annie moved in with him. She doesn't yet know the significance of the cream and blue envelopes with no return address and so she hadn't thought to give it to him right away. It will be his third time with Marcus Wellington and his ropes and his penchant for domination and humiliation. Finnick shudders, but Corin, a few paces ahead, doesn't notice. Finnick's uncle takes the rickety steps up to the communal boathouse and docks two at a time; technically, he still has four steps to go when Thomas Odair sounds the horn again. He reaches the top and shouts down to Finnick, "It's right here, Finn! Catch!" The coil of new rope, just as waterlogged as the nets themselves, but with rainwater rather than salt so not so heavy or pungent, sails toward him from above, partially uncoiling as it falls. A lucky shot, it heads straight for Finnick's head; he has just enough time to raise an arm to protect his face. The coil of rope falls around him, tangling his arms and trailing down his back, momentarily immobilizing him. … hungry vines snake around his arms and legs, tiny barbed teeth digging in as they pull the mutt bodies along… … hot breath against his hip as the ropes tighten between his legs, around his thighs… Finnick barely hears Corin's triumphant laugh, his shouted goodbye, or the pounding of his feet as he runs down the dock. All Finnick hears is the rush of his own blood in his ears and the remembered sound of Wellington's voice telling him to beg for his release. He can't move as the light wind continues to blow and the rain to fall, the drops coming heavier and faster as his father's boat heads back to the mainland. He has no idea how long he stands there staring at nothing, fighting the demons in his own head, before Annie rescues him. No sight, no sound, no sensation penetrates the commingled memories and nightmares until she lightly touches his arm, says his name, her voice laced with love and concern. At Annie's touch, Finnick jerks his arm away from her and, with a strangled cry, fights violently against the rope that binds him. For a moment it only draws more tightly around him, but he doesn't stop struggling. He's vaguely aware of Annie asking him what's wrong, of her repeating his name and sounding more and more frightened. After an eternity, he drags the rope over his head and flings it away. Approaching him cautiously, Annie reaches for his hand. Finnick is breathing hard, taking in great gulps of air as he fights back tears. He can't stop shaking. When he doesn't jerk away from another light touch of her hand on his arm, she steps in closer. Trailing her fingers down his wet forearm, she takes his hand. She's just as drenched as he is. "Finnick, dinner's almost ready." Her voice is carefully neutral, but he can hear her fear underneath and he hates himself for causing it. "It's nothing fancy." She lifts his hand and gently pries his fingers from the rigid fist they formed and it's only after she twines their fingers together, when he feels the ache in his muscles, that he realizes just how tight that fist was. He clutches at her hand almost desperately and she gasps, tries to cover it with a cough. He immediately modulates his grip on her hand, but it's hard. So very hard. Hand in hand, Annie leads Finnick up the beach to their house, the rope still lying abandoned in a heap on the sand. xXx Although he's still feeling a little shaky, Finnick retrieves the rope he'd left out on the beach while Annie cleans up the kitchen after dinner. He has a good two hours' worth of work to do on the nets and he wants to get them done before he has to leave for the Capitol. It's not critical that they be done right away – his father has other nets and other hands who can repair them – but Finnick will be gone for a couple of weeks before the Games, only returning to 4 for a day or two before heading back to the Capitol for the Games themselves. His father already thinks him a flighty slut; he doesn't want him to think he's completely useless as well. A gust of air blows in off the gulf, salty and cool, and Finnick shivers. His steps slow as he approaches the sad little pile of rope and he has to force himself to pick it up. " They only grow tighter if you struggle, but by all means, Finn, feel free." Straightening abruptly, Finnick nearly drops the rope. Shoving Wellington's smooth voice into as deep and dark a hole as he can, he shakes the coil out until he can find an end and rewind it, doing his best to think of nothing. But another gust of wind off the water becomes a huff of warm breath against the back of his neck as Wellington – why can't I at least forget their names? – pulls Finnick's arms behind his back, wrapping loops of rope around his wrists. With a shudder, he pushes that memory down, too, tries to replace it with one more pleasant: sitting on the beach with his siblings, all three of them working on nets and trash talking each others' efforts, each insult more outrageous – and funnier – than the last. Finnick had been fifteen and doing his best to fit in with his family the way he had before the Games, but even then, before that first patron, when he was still an innocent in so many ways, he had found it difficult. "Damn it." Shaking off that memory, too, Finnick slings the newly formed coil of rope over his shoulder and trudges back up to the house. As the rain falls heavier, he picks up his pace, sliding a little in the wet sand. Once safely under the shelter of the porch roof, he drops the rope and shrugs out of his raincoat. The overhead light is on and he smiles. He'd forgotten it when he went down to the beach, so Annie must have noticed and flicked it on for him. His smile fades quickly, though. She's worried about him, had asked him twice during dinner what was wrong and if he was okay and he had lied to her, assuring her that he was fine, not wanting to worry her more. But he isn't fine. Thanks to Snow's summons, he's been having sensory flashbacks off and on all day, triggered by an unexpected touch or scent, or a laugh that sounds too much like that of Marcus Wellington. Pulling his fishing knife from a pocket in his raincoat, Finnick lowers himself to the porch beside the pile of nets. Separating out one of the nets, he pulls it into his lap and reaches for the rope, but stops when he feels another rope, smooth and unyielding, wrapped and knotted around his body, as much a net to hold him helplessly in place as the one in his lap does for the fish they catch or the one he used on the kids he killed in the arena. Leaning back against the wall, Finnick pounds his head against it. The rope for the repairs remains untouched in front of him; he stares at it as though it were a snake, poisonous and deadly. He shoves the net back onto the pile. If he's freaking out this badly now, how the hell is he going to manage when he's back in the Capitol with this particular client? At the realization that the memories plaguing him now will be a reality in another twenty-four hours, that he can't safe-word out, not with Wellington, he leans forward and buries his face in his arms. It could be minutes or it could be hours later that he hears the back door open. Annie says his name as she steps