Peeta Mellark had been up all night. After coming home from negotiating with Haymitch, he sat in the dark for a long while. Peeta was unsure as to how convincing he was as to why he should be the one to go back into the arena. Nevertheless, he had to be the one to go back in. Even without his leg, he was a better candidate for helping protect Katniss. He was young, strong, and not likely to suffer from withdrawal symptoms. He was the better option out of the very limited male victor pool in District 12. Peeta sat in the dark looking out the window across the village green at Haymitch's house. He watched Katniss enter and then leave a couple hours later, stumbling back to her own home. The white liquor had to go, but that was something he could deal with in the morning. Peeta rose slowly from his chair before striding into his kitchen. He grabbed several mixing bowls, adding lukewarm water and yeast to proof. Out of his pantry, he grabbed a variety of flours, white, wheat, light rye, and oat, along with some honey and seeds to add to the bread. For the remainder of the night he mixed, kneaded, and baked one loaf of bread after another, all by hand, ignoring the fancy mixers the Capitol provided in his kitchen. Mixing bread was good work. He had been doing it for as long as he could remember. It was an activity that kept his hands busy, freeing his mind to think. By mid-morning the next day, Peeta had too much bread and a plan. As Peeta looked out of his living room window, the village was serenely quiet to the point of feeling eerie. Haymitch and Katniss must both be sleeping it off. There was no point in waiting any longer. The first step was to call Effie Trinket. She picked up the phone after five rings. Usually Effie was more responsive than that. "Good morning, Effie." Effie started to respond with a false brightness that inevitably cracked, "Peeta, how are you doing with the news? Perhaps you'll get the chance to bring honor to your district a second time." "About as well as can be expected. You don't by chance need any bread do you?" He said with hallow laugh. "Perhaps Haymitch will be reaped instead. Then if Katniss wins…" Peeta interrupts, "Effie, I'm going in regardless." "You do not know that! You are the star-crossed lovers of District 12. You've suffered enough, this is just not…" "Effie, stop!" Peeta commanded, hoping to prevent her from saying anything further that the Capitol and Snow might overhear. He heard her take a deep breath. "You are right. But we will have a winner from District 12 again." "Yes, and it will be Katniss. But to ensure that I need your help." "Yes, of course. What can I do?" "As much as I have every intention of being the male tribute, Haymitch might be it. There you are right. So all three of us need to train like Careers. We need to understand our potential opponent's strategies as well as strengths and weaknesses in their games. Can you send videos of the games for each of the living victors?" "I can do that. I'll ship them later today. What else can I do?" "I need your help with acquiring my district token." "Peeta, that is supposed to be from your district." "Yes, Effie and most of it will be. I want to have a locket made that I can insert pictures to remember people." "Oh, that is sweet. Then you can have pictures of your family and Katniss over your heart." Peeta rolled his eyes, grateful that they weren't talking in person. "Effie, focus." "Yes, sorry." "This is what I need. I want it to be in the shape of a gold disk and I want it to be simple brushed gold." "Peeta, that is so plain. Why not platinum? It's all over the runways this season." He quietly rejected that idea with, "No, Effie. Katniss wouldn't like that and I want her to have it after she wins." "Oh." Peeta continued, "Now on the front of the locket, I want you to have the mockingjay engraved. Can you do that?" "That's perfect. Did you know the mockingjay has become a very popular on accessories in the Capitol? Our Katniss has started a trend." Shaking his head Peeta drawled, "Really? How about that," thinking about how much this probably burned Snow. Good. "Effie, one last thing. On the interior on the back piece of the locket I want the following engraved. 'Always – P. M.'" Effie's voice cracked again, "Yes, of course. Anything else?" "I just need a digital camera, so I can take new pictures for the locket…Effie, thank you for all of your help." "I will get this done. Please call if you need anything at all. I'll let you know when to expect everything." "Take care, Effie." "You, too." Peeta gently placed the phone back into its cradle. He put on his coat, grabbed several loaves of bread, and walked out the door. It was time to have a talk with Ripper. Peeta reached up and knocked on the front door. He stood waiting, staring forward at the rusty knocker on the scarred door that badly needed a new coat of paint. The door opened revealing an out of breath Hazelle, who was wearing a faded housedress that looked damp in many places. Posy, wrapped in a towel and with tangled, wet hair, poked her head out from behind her. "Hello, Peeta. I'm sorry it took so long to answer. I was giving Posy a bath. How can I help you?" "No problem, Mrs. Hawthorne. I'm actually looking for Gale. Is he home from work yet?" "Yes, he got home a little while ago. He's out back chopping some wood. Go ahead and walk around to the backside of the house." "Thank you, Ma'am," Peeta nodded, before stepping down from the creaky front porch. He strolled around the small Seam home. As he rounded the back of the house, he spotted Gale chopping wood. Gale's back was to Peeta. He had removed his shirt during the exertion and Peeta could clearly see the angry scars left by Thread, as Gale diligently chopped kindling from the pile of wood. "Gale," hollered Peeta to get his attention. Gale put down the axe and wiped his face with a rag before turning around. "Mellark. If you are looking for Katniss, she's not here." "No, actually. I'm here to talk to you." "Oh," Gale replied looking puzzled. "Do you mind if finish chopping this? Mama said we needed more kindling for the house." "Sure, no problem." Gale made short work of the remaining few logs he pulled to chop into kindling. When he finished he started stacking it along the side of the house. Peeta came up beside him and helped him quickly finish the job. Once completed Gale grunted, "Thanks. I'm going to run inside real quick. Then we can talk." Gale was through the back door before Peeta could respond. Peeta eased himself down onto one of the back steps and waited. Five minutes later Gale came out in a clean shirt and hair combed and silently sat down next to Peeta. Staring straight ahead Peeta stated, "Katniss needs to win the Quell, but I need your help to do that." "Hmmm…And just how can I do that?" "We are training like we are Careers. I've already started studying the games of the living victors for combat strategy, but the other half of the game is surviving the elements. You can help us there. I know that you don't have much time off, but would you be willing to help us learn snares." After a moment, Gale agreed with a monosyllabic, "Yes." Both men didn't say anything for a few minutes. Breaking the silence Gale quietly inquired, "You're going in with her, aren't you?" "I think it's a slim chance that it will be Haymitch. I may be reaped and he may volunteer, but he understands that I don't want him to. I want to go into those games. I'm better able to support her." "She won't like you dying." Peeta ran a hand over his face before responding. "One of us has too. She needs to live. Too many would miss her. You would miss her. I would miss her." Both men paused for a moment as they acknowledge this truth. Peeta turned toward Gale and continued, "There are a couple other things I need from you. Next Sunday, can you distract Katniss for an hour or so? I need take photographs of Prim and Mrs. Everdeen, and I don't want Katniss to know about it." "Sure. What is the other thing you need?" "Can I take your picture?" Gale sharply looked at Peeta. "Why?" "You know Katniss. She is going to go into the Quell convinced that she's going to save me. I need to be able to persuade her that she needs to come home to you, Prim, and Mrs. Everdeen. I'd like to put your pictures in a locket that I'm going to bring as my district token. During the games I plan to give this to her as a reminder of why she needs to continue." Gale's eyes widened before he nodded, "When do you want to do this?" Peeta pulled a small digital camera out of his pocket. "How's now?" "Good thing I put on a fresh shirt." Peeta got up from his seated position on the back steps and walked in front of Gale. He ordered Gale to smile before snapping a picture. Gale stood up and joined him to look at the results on the tiny digital screen. The picture showed an incredibly uncomfortable Gale holding a stiff smile that doesn't reach his eyes. "I've got an idea. Let's try this again. Go sit back down," requested Peeta. Gale sat back on the steps. "This is what I want you to do. Tell me a funny story about Katniss. I'll take a couple pictures during the story." Gale closed his eyes for a moment in thought before asking, "Has Katniss ever told you why I call her Catnip?" "No, but I know it bugs the heck out of her. She always goes all squinty-eyed when you use it." A slow grin spread across Gale's face. Snap. "Yeah, that's why I do it… I was out hunting when I really met her for the first time. Before, I'd just seen her around the Seam. She mumbled her name and I thought she said Catnip. Of course, she instantly corrected me," Gale chuckled. Snap. "Not long after I met her, a lynx started following her in the woods hoping to get ahold of something from her game bag, so the name kind of stuck." Gale finished the story with a twinkle in his eyes and a true smile across his face. Snap. Gale stood up and walked back over to Peeta. They looked at the pictures taken. Peeta with a half-smile stated, "One of these will do. You know that story is kind of ironic considering how much Buttercup hates her, except at mealtimes." Gale snorted, "I know." "Hello," Peeta called through the screen door. Prim came skidding around the corner into the foyer of Katniss' home. She grinned. "Peeta. You just missed Katniss. She and Gale are on their way to help Greasy Sae with something. She's still grumbling about this morning. Something to do with sit-ups, push-ups, and you being a slave driver. I had to shut her up with cheese buns before Gale showed up." Peeta chuckled. "Actually, I'm here to speak with you and your mom." "Well, come in. Mama is working on creating a tincture in the kitchen for Mr. Cartwright's gout. Follow me." Prim tossed over her shoulder as she