Class Session 1 – Namaste Yoga Studio – Hatha Flow Class "Very good. At your leisure roll to your side and ease yourself up into a standing position. We are going to move into our first asana sequence of the day, the sun salutation. I will direct you through each pose and we will hold them for 15 to 20 seconds," instructs Annie, the quiet voiced yoga instructor. "We will start in the mountain pose with your feet close together on the floor and your palms together over your heart. You may want to slowly circle your palms over your heart, warming up and opening your heart space." It takes everything in Katniss to resist rolling her eyes at that final instruction. Really how does rubbing the sides of your hands open up your heart space? For that matter, what is a heart space? She tells herself to stop being so negative as she sweeps her arms up toward the sky as instructed. She had promised her friend Johanna to give this a shot. Jo has been raving about how yoga has changed her life for months, something about how it gave her tools to manage her anger issues. Lately whenever Jo begins to gush about it, which was highly unusual since 99% of what she says has a heavy layer of sarcasm, Gale gets an odd twinkle in in eye which makes Katniss think that there also something dirty going on between them. Katniss really doesn't want to know the details of that. Gale and Jo may be her best friends but she has no interest in knowing what goes on in their bedroom. "If you find your mind wandering, bring your attention back to your breath. On the next move, exhale into a forward fold." "Focus Katniss," she mumbles to herself. That is why she is here. She has felt so scattered lately. Her brain won't turn off. It is affecting her sleep and her work. Between trying to help her family and increasing work demands, she has become one giant knot of stress. "On the next inhale, move your right foot back into a forward lunge." Judging from the first 20 minutes of class, she is not sure this is going to work. How does one quiet one's mind? The instructor keeps reminding people to breathe. Doesn't that come naturally? So far, the only good thing about this class is her ability to check out the blond guy with the nice ass a couple rows in front of her. "Now step your left foot back and move into the plank position." Katniss almost falls over during this transition. Pay attention. I'm supposed to be clearing my head not checking out some guy's ass even if it is a work of art. In through the mouth, out through the nose. Katniss chuckles to herself when she realized how much she sounds like Darth Vader as she breathes, earning a glare from her neighbor. "On exhale, move down into caterpillar." I wonder how Prim did on her mid-term today. Stop. What did that instructor say? Focus on the breath. Breathe in. Breathe out. "On your next inhale, move into cobra." I hope that Thom finished the report I need for tomorrow's presentation. Seriously stop. I'm supposed to be focusing on this. Katniss has been worrying too much about her job lately with the city's parks and recreation department. It's facing potential budget cuts and there is a meeting to make its case versus other departments tomorrow. Lately, her job feels like never-ending meetings to justify its existence. "Exhale into downward facing dog." Katniss attempts to move into the right form for the new asana but her legs won't cooperate. She keeps trying to straighten out but her legs began to shake. This is pointless. This isn't helping me focus. After a final attempt to move into the posture, she stands up and leaves the room. Katniss walks over to the water cooler in the lounge and pours herself a glass. As she turns around, she realizes the blond guy from her class has followed her out. "Are you okay?" he asks in quiet voice, concern showing in his gorgeous blue eyes. "Oh, yes. I think this just isn't for me," she responds. "First time, huh?" "Yes. My friend Johanna said I should try it. Good for stress and all. She said I'd be able to clear my head. But I just don't think this is going to work." "It takes practice. You should give it another shot. I'm Peeta by the way." "I'm glad it's worked for you. But I just don't see this class working for me. I don't want to keep you from your class." "Don't worry about it. I can catch another. If you don't like the class environment, perhaps you could try a few private sessions. In private sessions, the instructor can help you learn to focus your breath, learn to meditate, and master the basic poses and transitions." "Maybe that would work, but it's probably out of my budget. Plus I'm only available at lunch and in evenings and I know the studio's classes are during the day. Working for the city isn't very flexible." "This studio offers a city employee discount since we are around the corner from city hall. Also, private sessions scheduling is pretty flexible, as long as a class isn't at that time. Why don't you give one a try? Perhaps you just need one session to get you on track for the class." Katniss really doesn't think this will work. Yoga just doesn't seem like her thing. Maybe if I did a private session I could try the class again, allowing me to see Peeta again. Seriously, I'm here to relax not get a date. "Okay. You've convinced me. When the instructor comes out I'll have her sign me up for a session." "Oh, I can take care of it." "You work here." Peeta shrugs. "Yeah." They walk over to the reception desk. Peeta opens the appointment book. "What works for you? Today is Tuesday. You said evenings, right?" "Yes. How about Thursday, 6pm? Does someone have an opening?" "That will work. Ummm. What is your name and number?" "Katniss Everdeen, 612-555-1234." He writes down the information in the book and on the back of a business card. "I've got you signed up. Here is a business card. On the back is the appointment information. Call if you have any problems." "So who is my instructor?" Peeta flashes a smile, "I am." Katniss feels her face flush. "Well I'll see you Thursday, Peeta." She walks out and looks down at the card. "Namaste Yoga Studio, Peeta Mellark, Owner." Thursday should prove interesting. Private Session 1 – Namaste Yoga Studio Katniss walks into the yoga studio. The only person there is Peeta, who is lighting candles in the darkened room. He turns around and waves hello, walking toward her softly in his bare feet. She arches a brow and asks, "Mood lighting?" He chuckles. "The overhead lights are way too harsh in the evening, so we use candlelight. Go ahead and get settled. I'll be there in a moment." She walks over and places her shoes and things in a cubby before walking back to the two mats set out in the middle of the room, taking a seat. After a moment, Peeta sits down opposite her in the lotus position. Katniss attempts to mimic him but struggles. He suggests she try the cobbler position and shows her the adjustment. "Before we get started, I'd like to know more about what you want to get out of practicing yoga?" Peeta asks. The question pulls her back to the present. She had been distracted by the way the candlelight reflected off his blond waves. This man is way too attractive. "Ummm. Well my friend suggested I take this class. I can't seem to shut my brain off; everything I need to do is currently running through it. It's making it hard to focus. I'm really not sure this is for me, but I'm here with you giving it another shot." She stumbles the last part. Way to go, Katniss. Real smooth. "That's good for me to know. I think we should first work on your breathing and meditation. Then the last bit of the session, if we have time, we can try a few postures." Katniss nods in agreement. He continues, "Place your hands on your knees like this. It will ground your posture. Now drop your shoulders. They are practically earrings." Katniss consciously relaxes her shoulders. "Now shut your eyes. Breathe in through your nose and out through mouth. Be very conscious with your breath. Think ' breath in, breath out .' Focus solely on the act of breathing." Peeta is silent for a minute or so. "Now imagine your breath expanding from your lungs down to your belly and legs. Imagine it spreading through your arms. Katniss listens to Peeta's prompts as she tries to focus on her breath but her mind continues to wander. She doesn't feel the breath through her body. Instead, she thinks about the fact that Prim's car died yesterday. She worries about the meeting she has with the mayor tomorrow. She remembers that she forgot to pick up her clothes at the dry cleaner, which will be closed by the time she leaves the studio. Her brain continues to ping pong through the various items on her to-do list. With a huff, she breaks a moment of silence. "This isn't working. I just don't think this is for me." "Now Katniss, we just started. This can take time. That's why we call it a practice," Peeta attempts to placate her. Thinking that his words hold a bit of condescension, she says sharply, "I'm so happy this works for you. It's not working for me." Peeta blows out a breath. "Let's take a break." He then stands and walks stiffly out of the room. Katniss sits in her spot and considers that perhaps she was a bit harsh. His job is to try to coach her. He walks back in a few minutes later and hands her a glass of water. Peeta sits back down in front of her and takes a sip of his own water. She looks at him for a second before ducking her eyes away from his gaze. After gathering a breath, she looks up again. "I'm sorry. I know you are trying to help. I'm just not sure this is my thing." "Katniss, it's okay. I'd like to share a story with you. It's about how I started practicing yoga and it's a bit personal. Is that okay?" She smiles at him. "Yes. You know, you don't look like a yogi. Aren't they supposed to be super skinny, have long flowing hair pulled back in a ponytail, and smell of patchouli oil?" He chuckles. Peeta is broad, and strong. Some might say he's stocky. And his smell, definitely not patchouli, is more like a combination of cinnamon and dill. "Yah. Well people come to yoga for many different reasons. Like you, I needed to shut off my brain. Unlike you, it wasn't about my needing to shut off everything for focus; it was more shutting off a certain type of message. My mother was a harsh woman, so I had this loop of negative messages running in my brain, questioning my worth. Through learning to breathe, meditate, and practice yoga, I slowly learned to refocus my thinking and eliminate those messages. I found peace. However, it took a bit to get good at it. It didn't happen overnight. I think this could work for you too." Katniss is a little stunned that he shared something so personal. Considering he reached out, she nods and agrees to try again. Peeta tries to ease her back into the breathing and meditation exercises, but after about ten minutes she says, "This still isn't