Pride works frequently under a dense mask, and will often assume the garb of humility. - Adam Clarke Chapter 1 Nothing about her life felt like much of a challenge. Katniss pulled the bowstring taut and released her arrow, hitting the wild turkey directly in the eye, her aim true as always. She wished that she could credit her skill, but the turkey just stood there. The animals on the game preserve outside the Capitol had no fear of humans. Capitol citizens hunted at the preserve for leisure and most wanted the guarantee of a successful hunt. Katniss couldn't understand how they found satisfaction in that, but then she remembered hunting as a young girl back in District 12. Before moving to the Capitol, Katniss and her father often went out on Sundays to hunt. Theron Everdeen's wage at the coalmine was not adequate to feed a family of four. In most mining families both parents worked, but Katniss' mother, Violet, had become sick with a lingering illness when Katniss was eight. So on Sundays, Hazelle Hawthorne came to take care of her mother and watch her younger sister Primrose, while Katniss and Theron spent the day in the woods gathering plants and hunting game. Her father taught her how to be respectful in hunting. The animals would feed them today, but in the future, their own flesh would fertilize the grasses nourishing their query's descendants. It was important to make the kill as quick and painless as possible. Her father taught her how to be silent. The game tasted much better if it wasn't stressed before the kill. Her query always had a chance to get away if she failed. Her father showed her how to gather dandelions, herbs and the tuberous roots for which she was named. He taught her which berries were safe to harvest and which to avoid. "Never eat those!" Theron Everdeen had instructed as he pointed out the nightlock berry, which looked remarkably like a blueberry in outside appearance but had a bright red flesh. Katniss missed her Sundays with her father. About a year after her mother died, when she was twelve, Theron Everdeen learned that his maternal grandfather passed on, leaving him the family fortune. There had been a long estrangement in her father's family. Katniss' great grandparents did not approve of Theron's father marrying their daughter, a breach they failed to mend prior to her grandparent's deaths. The stubborn pride of her great grandfather, Coriolanus Snow, prevented him from forgiving his daughter and reaching out to Theron. Coriolanus died a rich but lonely old man with only his beloved roses for company. Within a month of her great grandfather's passing, Theron had moved their family to the Capitol and life changed. Life in the Capitol brought new obligations for Theron. While he no longer had to worry about putting food on the table, he did have to worry about the estate and his employees. These obligations often got in the way of spending time with Katniss and Prim. Despite that, Katniss was proud of her father. He took his new responsibilities as an employer seriously, prioritizing his people at the same level as his profits. Her family's company continued to flourish, while creating and maintaining a loyal workforce. While the company did take a considerable portion of Theron's time, he still made a monthly date with Katniss, where they would hunt together, just the two of them, at the game preserve. The first time they went hunting at the preserve Theron commented that it was like shooting fish in a barrel. Katniss agreed but it was their special time together. Today she was at the game preserve by herself unfortunately. Work had called her father away at the last moment. Katniss was disappointed over this, but she understood and hoped they could reschedule their hunt for next week. Besides, today was her father's birthday, and they had a special dinner planned. Suddenly realizing the time, Katniss hurried over to the game preserve attendant who had retrieved her turkey. She instructed the attendant that she didn't want to have the bird stuffed. Rather, she wanted it processed for eating, plucked and gizzards removed but also packaged for delivery. The gizzards were for Prim's cat Buttercup, a cantankerous old beast of a cat. He didn't particularly care for Katniss, nor she him, but he adored Prim. Gizzards were how Katniss brokered peace with the darn cat. Otherwise, she was likely to find one of her favorite books chewed up. The attendant, who was new, gave her an odd look before walking away with the bird. Most people stuffed their kills as trophies, as they didn't care for the taste of game, but her family loved wild turkey and venison. Katniss hurried back to the preserve's clubhouse and found her driver. She needed to get home and prepare for her father's birthday dinner. She was late. "Katniss! Where have you been? You should have been home an hour ago," fussed her stepmother, Effie, who had married Theron almost two years ago. "I'm sorry. I lost track of the time." Katniss apologized. "Well, dinner is in an hour. I hope you can be ready. It is important to maintain a schedule. " Katniss gave her stepmother a wide, closed mouth smile that didn't reach her eyes and a nod before running up the stairs. "Katniss, slow down. Running is very unbecoming of a lady." Rolling her eyes, Katniss slowed her pace. Her stepmother was always picking at her behavior. Effie was determined to mold Katniss into a woman that people would never guess was born in one of the "outlying districts". Meanwhile Katniss liked herself well enough and didn't see the point in making a change. Entering her suite, she put down her bow and quiver, which her father had given her this year in honor of her eighteenth birthday. The quiver was beautiful crafted, covered in tanned leather embossed with a mockingjay, a bird that not only sings beautifully but also learns new songs after only hearing a tune once or twice. Katniss smiled to herself as she lightly brushed the leather. She carefully removed her leather hunting jacket, which was a little too big as it used to be her father's. He and Effie offer to buy her a new jacket on a regular basis but Katniss would have none of that. Effie threatened to throw the jacket out, but her father stopped her. The truth is Theron was pleased that Katniss loved the jacket so much and it wasn't as if it was in bad shape. It just wasn't the current fashion. He had used the same jacket hunting in District 12. Katniss shed the remainder of her clothes quickly and walked into her bathroom toward the large marble tiled shower. She selected her shower settings with a push of a few buttons. She stepped under the steaming water. After a moment, a stream of lavender scented soap and shampoo were dispensed. She raised her arms and scrubbed her hair as shower brushes buffed the skin of her body. She was never going to get used to Capitol showers. Katniss always chose lavender over the more popular scents of rose or jasmine. It reminded her of her home in District 12, where they had grown the herb in their small garden and used it to scent their baths on special occasions. After her body was scrubbed and buffed, the water turned cooler and she rinsed the soap from her body and hair. After the shower turned off, she stepped out of the shower into a stream of hot air that dried her body and placed her hand in a device that through some miracle instantly dried and straightened her hair. Katniss walked over to the vanity in the corner of her bathroom and sat down. She could have called for her maid, Lavinia, but she'd rather have a few more moments to herself. With deft fingers, she began braiding her hair. She braided two Dutch braids, one on each side of her head, keeping the braids loose at the top of her head and tightening near the nape. She then coiled the two braids at the nape of her neck and pinned them into place. The look was soft around her face. Katniss pulled loose a few face framing tendrils. She knew that she favored her father in most of her looks, but she was happy that she had inherited her mother's hair texture, as opposed to Theron's unruly curls. This particular style was one her father loved her mother to wear when she was alive. Katniss was not much into makeup, so she selected a lightweight berry gloss. She lined her eyes and added a little mascara. Katniss smiled at herself in the mirror, pleased with her look. She was not overdone as so many people in the Capitol were. Her stepmother, Effie, liked to cake makeup on. Katniss strolled into the bedroom and checked the time. She still had fifteen minutes until dinner. From her bureau, she grabbed a pair of lacey boy short panties and stepped into them. The dress she was wearing tonight did not lend itself to wearing a bra and thankfully Katniss was small chested enough that she really didn't need one. Her dress was hanging on the door of her closet, as she had sent it to be pressed earlier in the day. She removed the dress from the hanger and carefully stepped into it, zipping the side zipper. The dress floated on green silk, with a bias cut that hugged close to her tiny waist and the flare of her hips. The wide V shaped cut bodice of the dress met at her shoulders and loosely draped across her chest before gathering at the waist. It had long spaghetti straps down her back, as the dress left most of her back exposed. It gathered to hug her hips in artful folds that crisscrossed her lower back and hips before the skirt gently flared, draping around her ankles. Looking at herself in the full-length mirror, Katniss felt like one of the wood nymphs or faeries that she read about in the some of the ancient tales found in their library. She stepped into a pair of strappy sandals with only a small one-inch heel. She hated wearing anything higher than that, as it made her feel clumsy. With one last glance in the mirror, she glided out of her suite and down the stairs for her father's birthday dinner. Entering the drawing room, Katniss spotted her sister Primrose seated on the settee with Buttercup on her lap as she chatted with Effie, who was eyeing the beast as it shed on Prim's pretty periwinkle chiffon dress. Chuckling to herself Katniss walked over to her father who was pouring himself a pre-dinner scotch. "Hello, Papa. Happy birthday!" She smiled at him as he looked up from the small bar. "There's my little mockingjay! Give me a hug." Theron grinned at his daughter. Katniss walked up to him as he bent down so she could hug him and kiss his cheek. "How was your hunt today? Did you get anything good?" Katniss chuckled. "You know I did. Expect to eat turkey later this week." "That will be something to look forward to. I heard we are having venison tonight, also thanks to you. You are a good daughter. Keeping her poor papa fed in his favorite foods. I'm sorry I missed going hunting with you today." "It's alright, Papa. I understand. I just hope you were able to take care of the problem at work, so it won't get in the way of your rain check for next week." Katniss teased. For a brief moment, Katniss saw the light darken in her father's eyes and his smile drop before he said, "It was nothing I won't be able to take care of. We are definitely on for