Disclaimer : I own nothing that Tolkein wrote. I am simply borrowing them for the purpose of this story as a form of entertainment for other. I am by no means making any money off of this. So suing me will not be necessary. The only person that is I own is Alexandra Mathews. Alexandra Mathews was 24 years of age. She lived alone on her family ranch out in the woods of Northern Vermont. Her only other companion was her horse Thunderfoot. Thunderfoot was a beautiful pure black horse, who stood 20 hands high and when he would run across the fields it would sound as if a thunder storm was rolling across the plains, hence his name Thunderfoot. Alexandra had acquired Thunderfoot when he was just a day old. His mother had died during his birth, so Alexandra took care of him night and day. Bottle feeding him until he was strong enough to eat on his own and from that point on the two of them were inseparable. Alexandra herself stood at a relatively normal height of 5'5". She was in relatively good shape because of all the work that she did around her ranch and all the activities that she did as a child. She had slightly wavy brown hair with natural blonde high lights, which fell slightly below her shoulders. She had a natural tan skin tone, due to her Mexican and Indian heritage. She also had a rarity among her ancestry; she had light/bright blue eyes. Alexandra's parents were self made millionaires; they were both killed in a tragic car accident when she was only ten. Alexandra's parents had made sure that she received the best of everything in life. They gave her everything that they never had, the best schooling with the best teachers. From the day she was born her father made sure she was around horses and given equestrian lessons in both side saddle and the western saddle. Her father who wanted to always protect her but knew that he could not always be there, made sure that she was given the best self defense lessons. Alexandra also on her own while in school took up fencing and archery. She had done fairly well at both but she was by no means the best. When she was 18 Alexandra was given full ownership of her families estate and turned her parents companies over to the CEO's, she sold their family town house took Thunderfoot, bought the ranch in Vermont and moved away from the city and all the 'evils' that it held. And for the next 6 years she lived by herself only going into town when she needed to pick up supplies. She had very little contact with others and the outside world, the only people she talked to where the store clerk who she occasionally had a nice conversation with, and with the CEO's of her parents companies, when they would call to inform her on the success of the companies. But that was all abut to change. Alexandra walked out to her barn with a set of saddle bags full of food and containers of water. She also had with her a duffle bad with cloths init and the basic necessities for female living. She had a bed roll and a blanket, plus a tarp with rope incase it rained. Strapped to her back was a bow with a quiver of arrows, and strapped to her upper right thigh was a small knife/dagger. When she made it to Thunderfoot she made sure that the sword her father gave her for winning her first fencing competition was attached to his saddle. She really didn't think she would need any of them but 'better safe then sorry' she always said. Besides she only planned to be gone a couple days. She was just going to take a ride around her property line and make sure that no one was trapping or baiting on her land, she had been having a problem with that lately. Once she had everything mounted to Thunderfoot's saddle, Alexandra swung herself up into the saddle and headed out. Alexandra and Thunderfoot had been riding around for about 2 hrs. and she had not seen anything that would make her believe the baiters had come back. So she decided to stop and give herself and Thunderfoot a little rest. She turned Thunderfoot towards a small clearing that housed a small natural pond, but as Alexandra and Thunderfoot crossed the boarder of the forest and the clearing something happened. Instead of ending up in the clearing with the pond she and Thunderfoot ended up on some plains with vast mountain ranges. To say Alexandra was a little surprised would be an understatement, looking around Alexandra exclaimed to Thunder foot, "Well boy I don't know what happened or how it happened but whatever did happen I know one thing for sure. We are sure as hell not in Kansas anymore". Thunder foot pawed at the ground and shook his head up and down agreeing with his mistress Looking around the plains Alexandra could not see anything in any direction so she decided that when in doubt head north. After figuring out which way was north Alexandra and Thunderfoot took off at a well paced cantor. After a good 30 minutes of riding Alexandra heard the pounding of a thousand hooves on the far horizon. After glancing around and not seeing anyplace that she could hide, Alexandra decided that the best course of action would be to continue on her way and act as normal as possible. Pretty soon the pounding of hooves got closer and closer. Alexandra knew that the people on the horses were right behind her, but she did not turn around to look at them. She kept her back straight, and her head held up as she bounced along in Thunderfoot's saddle across the plains. As the first of the riders past her Alexandra fought with herself not to look at them and to keep her eyes straight ahead, but she ended up losing that battle. Especially when the riders that pasted her turned around and blocked her path. Alexandra pulled Thunderfoot to a halt and had him stand at a stand still as the rest of the riders caught up to her and surrounded her. Thunderfoot shifted from side to side in unease as he and his mistress were surrounded. Alexandra leaned forward slightly and rubbed his neck while whispering in his ear soothingly, to calm him down. As Alexandra sat back up in her saddle she was approached by one of the riders. "Who are you? What is your business in the Riddermark?" the rider asked in a very authoritive and commanding voice. The tone that he used gave Alexandra the impression that this man would not hesitate to kill her if she stepped out of line. So being the smart person that she is Alexandra decided that it would be better to play along for not, at least until she found out the information that wanted to know. While she was lost in her thought the rider that had spoken to her became irritated by her slowness to answer and snapped at her. "Come on, quickly now! Are you deaf or just mute?" The riders' voice broke through her thoughts and pulled Alexandra back into the reality of the situation. "I'm sorry", she said "I was lost in my thoughts. My name is Alexandra Mathews, this magnificent beauty is Thunderfoot" she said while patting his neck. Thunderfoot tossed his head from side to side as if to say 'that's right'. "As fro my business here… I didn't even know where here was until you told me just now." Alexandra finished. "What is your business here?" the man asked again in a very tight/stressed voice. Alexandra became a bit peeved with the man because she had just told him that she hadn't even known where 'here' was, so how could she have business. "I just told you, I didn't even know where 'here' was until a few moments ago when you told me. So how could I have business here?" Alexandra said. "God, with the way you go on one would think that you believed me to be a threat to you." The man moved his horse closer to Thunderfoot, causing Alexandra to look into his dark brown eyes. "Are you a threat? How do I know that you are not a spy of the dark lords'?" The rider asked with malice in his voice. Now in most situations Alexandra is very calm and collected but there are those rare occasions where her temper is quick to flare and run away with her. This just happened to be one of those times. "Look buddy," Alexandra said moving her head closer to the rider so that they were nose to nose. "I don't know who you are or what your deal is, but you have a serious attitude problem and you need to back off before I make myself a threat to you." The two of them sat there on the back of their horse's nose to nose, helmet to forehead for a good five minutes before the rider backed off by sitting back in his saddle. "Forgive me mi' lady. These are dark times and all have become suspicious of strangers in their lands". Alexandra also sat back in her saddle, but eyed the dramatic change in the stranger wearily, but took what he said as meaningful. "That's ok; I can understand your trepidation around people you do not know. I know that I would act the in the same fashion as you if I found strangers on my land. But how about we clear this up and are strangers no more. I have given you my name, but you have not given me yours. I think it only fair you return the gesture", Alexandra said. The rider bowed his head and removed his helmet. "Of course mi' lady you are correct, it is only fair. My name is Eomer son of Éomund. I am the Third Marshal of the RidderMark. These are men are my eored, all of who are loyal sons to Rohan." "Well Eomer son of Éomund it's nice to meet you." Alexandra said. "Now that we are no longer strangers perhaps you could explain to me where exactly I am and could you perhaps explain to me who this dark lord is that you mentioned before?" Eomer looked at her a little strangely when she asked him to explain who the dark lord was. Surely she must have been joking; everyone in all of Middle Earth knew who the dark lord was. But coming back to his senses Eomer nodded his in agreement toward Alexandra. "Of course mi' lady. I will tell you what you need to know, but first we must ride a bit further before we make camp and when we make, we will talk" Eomer said. After turning his horse around he turned toward Alexandra to see what her answer would be. She of coursed agreed and told Eomer so. Nodding his head Eomer called out some orders to his men in a language that Alexandra had never heard and motioned for her to ride next to him near the front of the column. Alexandra and Eomer, along with his eored rode in silence for many hours. There were a few times when the men would talk amongst themselves and every now and then Eomer would ask her if she was ok, but that was about it. Finally when it started to get dark Eomer called a halt to his men, before giving out orders. Once the men started to turn and go about completing their orders Eomer dismounted his horse and motioned for Alexandra to do the same. Once she was down Eomer lead her over to where some men had set up a temporary holding