A N: This was stuck in my head for a bit. I got the idea of writing Sirius' impression of Lily. I mean, everyone writes Lily/James stories through either one of their POVs, but nobody ever does Sirius. Plus he was absolutely crucial in getting them together. Without him they wouldn't be a couple. These are just what Sirius Black thinks of Lily Evans for every year. I think it's a bit meaningful. Not quite sure since I wrote it at two at night. Sorry if there's any mistakes or if its a bit blurry. Year One Sirius Black knew Lily Evans was trouble when he first saw her. With pretty, fiery red hair and glinting, lively emerald eyes, along with a very bad temper he knew from day one there was just something about her that made him more alert when she was around. It all started when they were being sorted by the Sorting Hat. "Dylle, Simon!" "HUFFLEPUFF!" "Evans, Lily!" He had seen her walk confidently, but not too cockily, to the Sorting Hat. This time, there was a bit more of a pause before it yelled out," GRYFFINDOR!" When his new friend, James Potter, was sorted into Gryffindor too, and whispered to Sirius, "Sirius, did you see that Evans girl? She's pretty", Sirius knew that he was going to be seeing her around a lot more. It seemed that later on, James started to develop a case of Lily-itis. It had gone from "she's pretty" to "did you see her in Charms, Sirius? She's amazing!". Sirius did not exactly appreciate her unknowingly stealing his best friend away from him. When they started to pull pranks with Remus and Peter, Lily was only the only first year who lectured them on responsibility and what harmful things could have happened instead of whispering "congratulations!" and "how did you do it?". Lily Evans wasn't the best person around. Year Two Sirius was ready to throw himself off a cliff from boredom. It was only a few days into the first term and he was simply bored. They had homework, but he knew he could breeze past it in a few minutes. It was after dinner and curfew was soon, but he was hungry. Sneaking down to the kitchens for a snack sounded like a much better idea. He cajoled James into giving him the invisibility cloak, threw it over himself and hurried down to the correct corridor. After tickling the pear, he gorged himself on pretty much everything and after giving a satisfied burp and thanking the house elves, he hurried out of the kitchen. He decided not to use the invisibility cloak and just tried to be sneaky, a bit tired from all the food he ate. Until a certain redhead saw him, that is. "SIRIUS! What are you doing out here after curfew?" "Ever heard of being hungry? Oh no, the great Lily Evans is perfect and therefore does not need anything to survive." She turned redder, nearly matching her hair. "Oh, bugger off. You're a right prat anyways. Go before I tell Professor McGonagall on you." They didn't even willingly look at each other for the rest of the year. Lily Evans was a total stickler for the rules and a jerk. Year Three Sirius was fearing for his friend's sanity. It was as if everything in his brain had been rejected aside from Lily Evans and everything he knew about her. "James, why focus on her? There are plenty of hotter girls out there!" It could be said that he was already a bit of a player, and being one of the most handsome boys in the school and only being a third year certainly did help. "Because she's beautiful and smart and funny and kind and nice and-" "Okay, okay, I get it! I don't need to hear all about how lovely and wonderful Evans is." Frankly, he did not see what James saw in her. Who could ever like her that way? Every time they met, she was always going on and on about how they were so irresponsible and that they were arrogant, cocky and had egos too large to be contained. And also immature, apparently, because that was what happened when you hexed "innocent Slytherins in the corridors for no reason". She always acted as if she were higher above them and that she was perfect when in reality, she was just as flawed as the rest of them and refused to admit it. How anyone could fall for a girl like that was beyond him. Plus there was the tiny little fact that she was turning his best friend into a lovesick idiot. They had gotten into a few arguments over the year, but one day after Herbology she stopped and talked to him. "I guess I'm sorry for that little argument in second year," she confessed, twisting a strand of red hair between her fingers. "You still remember that?" He asked, amazed. He thought she had just never thought of him afterwards and was satisfied with constantly telling him off. "Yeah. Even though you were technically breaking the rules, it wasn't my place to judge you. I wasn't even a prefect." He shrugged. "Eh, it's okay, Evans. Past is the past. But for the record, the prank on the Slytherins this weekend is still on," he finished with a wicked grin. When the Slytherins turned up at breakfast with pink hair, every single one of them, even she couldn't hold it in and burst into hysterical laughter along with everyone else; even the professors. Lily Evans maybe, MAYBE was getting better. Fourth Year James could not. Stop. Asking. Evans. Out. Sure, his attempts amused Sirius tons and he always waited eagerly for the verdict which was always certainly a "Sod off, Potter. I'm not interested." But it eventually got boring, and the hurt in James grew bigger and bigger after each rejection from her. "She'll never like me," he moaned for the forty-fifth time (Sirius had counted). "Why?" Moony, always the sensible one, suggested, "Maybe just leave her alone. Then maybe, just maybe, she'll eventually like you as a friend. Then maybe ask her out politely." Sirius shook his head. That was NOT the way to get girls. "Prongs, do a grand gesture or something. Get a whole bunch of white doves and charm them to say, "Go out with me, Evans?" in the middle of the Great Hall. That'd be a great plan!" He said enthusiastically. To James, it sounded a lot more appealing than leaving her alone. Besides, girls loved those grand gestures and being lavished in attention. Or maybe, as a fourteen year old inexperienced in this type of thing, he simply did not register the fact that Lily did not regard him with that kind of affection and really just wanted to be LEFT ALONE. He agreed to Sirius' plan, not aware of the chaos it would wreck. Soon, they had it all planned out, and Evans entered the Great Hall with her bunch of friends, giggling about a joke or something. As soon as they sat down and started eating, Sirius gave the signal to Peter, who frantically signed to James and Remus, who had reluctantly joined in this scheme, to conjure up the words, formed by the white doves each holding a rose in their beak. It formed a rush of wind as the doves all beat their wings to stay aloft in their correct position, and Evans slowly turned red as she saw the words: Lily, will you go out with me? -James "NO!" She screamed. "I WILL NOT GO OUT WITH YOU, POTTER! DO YOU EVEN UNDERSTAND WHAT NO MEANS?" She jumped out of her seat and stormed out of the Great Hall, with the Ravenclaws, Slytherins, Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors all tracking her movements and gaping at her. James stared, defeated, at her slowly growing smaller form. Then he turned to Sirius. "That was GREAT, Padfoot," he said, his words laced with sarcasm. Sirius sighed. He would have to clean this mess up. He raced out of the Great Hall with only one destination in mind. Knowing Evans, she was most likely hiding in the library behind a book, hoping nobody would find her after the James Potter fiasco. He entered the library, eyes prickling as he accidentally knocked into some books, the dust wafting off of them. He found her in the darkest, most desolate corner with a huge, thick book. "Evans, Evans, Evans," he sighed, pulling back a chair at the table she was sitting at. "Why'd you run?" She glared at him. "Black, I really don't want to talk to anyone right now, least of all you. And I'm betting that the thing with the doves was your fault! When will you ever stop embarrassing me like that? Tell Potter to leave me alone. I don't like him and I never will. You both are immature, arrogant, cocky idiots who will never learn their lesson! So LEAVE ME ALONE!" She was basically screaming at the end of her rant, and Sirius had had enough. "One day, you'll regret saying no," he simply stated, and left the library. Lily Evans was not getting better and was unfortunately acquiring Slytherin attributes along the way which Sirius found was not nice at all. Fifth Year It had just been a harmless prank. Just messing around with Snape, having a little bit of fun. But things had escalated. James, in all his ridiculous chivalry, had really misunderstood Lily and Snape's friendship. Now that friendship was destroyed due to pride and a James Potter, and Sirius simply stared as James desperately tried to talk to Evans. "Lily, I-" "Shut it, Potter," she said icily. For once, she wasn't just mad at a little mistake. Her eyes were as hard as emeralds, and Sirius could tell she was restraining herself, barely, from slapping James. Every inch of her spoke of fury. He supposed that for once in her life, Lily Evans very, very, very angry. "You say you're 'defending' me, but in reality you're worst than him. You can't take a hint, and I am sick of you ruining and playing around with my life. I don't ever want to see you again. I hate you." She strode off, never once looking back at James, Remus, Peter and him. James slumped down to the ground, looking dejectedly at Lily. "She hates me," he whispered. "She really does hate me." He looked as if he were dazed from her horrible words. This was where five years had gotten him. All she had done was say words, but words hurt. Words caused a kind of pain physical pain couldn't. Whoever had made the expression "Sticks and stones may break my bones but words can never hurt me" was a complete idiot. It left scars on you, some of which stayed forever and others could only be healed with time and others. Sirius had had a horrible family. One that detested any human who wasn't a wizard and could perform magic and any human who a wizard and who could perform magic but wasn't a pure-blood. He knew that family was simply a name for people who shared the same blood and genetics, and that family could be the worst thing in the world and undeniable crap. That was why he valued his real family, here at Hogwarts, and thought of them as his family. And he had a deep sense of loyalty, and he knew in his heart of hearts that James hadn't meant to be a jerk, that he was simply trying to help Lily, as any poor boy who had a crush would, and thought he was doing the right thing. What did she do? Yell at him and say she hated him. She didn't deserve James, who had a deeper sense of loyalty and determination than anyone at Hogwarts, and treated the people who