Professor McGonagall always knew. She had a... talent, for seeing potential couples. This knack helped her rake in the Galleons in bets, and every year surly professors would whine about how it wasn't fair how this Ravenclaw had snogged that Hufflepuff in the library, or this Gryffindor had eventually cracked under pressure and confessed. Every once in a while, one of them would catch her eye immediately. Even when in first year, when she announced," Taylor Drezyn and Victor Sylverster are going to be a couple." Oh, the reactions had been hilarious, especially since they were Hufflepuff and Slytherin. It had involved a concussion, bludger, slapping, jealous exes and all that teen drama. But one of the more special ones she had seen was a very... peculiar case. Let's just say Lily and James had had a very curious person looking after their relationship. Year One Professor McGonagall strode into the classroom, expecting a quiet and scared bunch of first years. Instead, what she got was little balls of parchment being flicked around, enchanted airplanes (how did they already learn that?) and general chaos all around. She looked around in disbelief, seeing a charming, black haired boy and a more mischevious one next to him wearing glasses in the middle. "STOP!" She bellowed. She didn't earn her reputation as the hardest teacher in the school for nothing. "WHAT is this utter madness?" A red haired girl with freckles and green eyes immediately put her hand up. "Professor, it's those two boys!" She said, pointing to the middle of the classroom. They just grinned. "I honestly didn't mean for any of this to happen and-" She put her hand up. "I don't need to hear this. And don't worry, you're not in trouble. But who started this?" The two boys in the middle both shouted, "ME!" Then they looked at each other and said, "HIM!". Professor McGonagall rubbed her temples. And on the first day of classes too. "What are your names?" "What, are you like that Muggle thingy when the... dolice come and put us in a cell for doing... rugs?" The first one said. Oh Merlin no. "No, I am not. I am simply asking for your names so I can issue a detention for causing all of this." They grinned at each other. "Wow, Sirius, I had high expectations, but a detention on the very first day of Hogwarts? Niiice." "We've just achieved our life long dream, James." "JAMES! SIRIUS! DETENTION! NOW!" It seemed as if she had lost her ability to not shout around these students. On the way out, she heard the red haired girl mutter to her friend, "They deserved it, don't you think?" Unfortunately, James overheard and flicked a small ball of parchment at her. She shrieked in outrage and jumped up, flailing around. He snickered. "See ya later, Evans." When Professor McGonagall met up with the other teachers, she slammed down a pile of gold down on the table after doing some research. "Betting on James Potter and Lily Evans of Gryffindor." All the other teachers were used to it by now, but they weren't expecting such a large amount. "Fifty galleons, dear? That is quite a lot." Professor Slughorn said, scratching his head. "But I quite like Lily Evans. A natural at Potions, she is." Professor Flitwick looked at her a bit doubtfully. "Eh... I'm not really sure." He squeaked out, balancing on the chair. Dumbledore just shook his head and smiled. He had gotten used to his deputy's antics, and never went against her on things like this. The risk of losing money was too great. "I'll take you up on that," Professor Vyalov said, grinning, walking up to the table. "What are the terms?" Considering their fiery personalities, she thought it would take quite a bit of time for them to realize they were made for each other. "Seventh year, one jealous accident, and that Sirius boy fooling around with their relationship by... fifth year." Professor Flitwick gasped and fell off of his chair, tumbling down while shrieking "WHAT?" Professor Sprout hacked and choked on her own spit. Slughorn gaped soundlessly at her. The reason why she had gotten such reactions was because of the seventh year part. See, when she bet on couples, she was almost always right. By sixth year, they couldn't keep their hands off of each other. By seventh, they would probably get detention several times for PDA. The rules were usually this: if the terms weren't met by the set date or didn't include any events predicted, the loser handed all the money over to the challenger. Professor Vyalov grinned even bigger. "Minerva, be prepared to lose majorly." She sniffed. "I'm a Gryffindor. We don't lose. Slytherins lose. No offense, Horace." She added hastily to him. He chuckled. "No harm done, Minerva. But I will side with you on this one. I have a gut feeling about this one." Hm. It was rare for both the Heads of Slytherin and Gryffindor to get along. But she would take it. "Very well," she told Vyalov, sealing the deal. Year Two Oh Merlin. Where had the angry swan come from? It had started as a normal day. Fourth years first block, then second and another batch of fourths. Lunch break, and after a few more classes, she had been so close to salvation. But Lily Evans, James Potter and Sirius Black were made for ruining other peoples' perfectly good plans. By now the whole school knew Black and Potter were troublemakers and that young, innocent Slytherins should avoid them at all costs. By now everyone knew how loud Potter and Evans' arguments were. By now they were driving her insane. She was officially going bonkers. And she never thought she would use that word. "Evans? What did you do?" She inquired coolly. Lily blushed furiously. "I'm sorry Professor, I'm not that good at Transfiguration and POTTER over there DISTRACTING me with his IMMATURE SILLY antics." She says it loudly so he knows exactly what she's talking about. "Can I please have a do-over?" She asks hopefully. "Yes, you may, Miss Evans. But only one chance." With a sigh, she transfigured the swan back to a teacup and dismissed the class. When she headed back for a meeting, she bumped into Slughorn. "I am afraid it will take quite some time for them to get together," she informed him. "That Potter boy is very determined on doing whatever he feels to her. At the moment, it is annoying her. It would be rather amusing to see how he acts if he is love struck." Slughorn looked thoughtful for a second. "It's only second year, Minerva. There are still five more years of hope left." When they arrived at the staff room, Professor Vyalov was laughing in delight. She looked up when she saw them entering. "Minerva, Horace! That Potter and Evans girl are never going to get together. In my Defense Against The Dark Arts class, we paired up for practicing jinxes and hexes. I never knew twelve year olds knew such a variety of spells. It ended with Potter tap dancing, unable to stop, and trying to fly and Evans wobbling drunkenly and burping. They both had to go the hospital wing." Oh, how she hated being on the bad side of the bet. Evans and Potter, she was going to do everything in her power to make you two like each other. She would NOT lose fifty Galleons for this. And her instincts are never wrong! "We'll see, Katherine, we'll see," she replied steadily. Year Three "I think there is something drastically wrong with Potter's health," she murmured to Slughorn. "He is acting like a lovesick puppy." He chortles. "Which lucky girl stole his heart then, eh?" She thought back to her Transfiguration class. It had started out as normal. Potter, Black and their two new friends Lupin and Pettigrew, forming a quartet of formidable troublemakers. She pitied all of the teachers in Hogwarts if they were ever to be in their class. Then Potter had suddenly stopped. He had gone slack jawed at something and his eyes had widened. At the time, she had only seen this out of the corner of her eye, and had not really paid much attention to it. But now, she realized that it was the cause of a girl. Only a girl could cause Potter to act like that. As she retold this to Slughorn, her mind was quickly examining all options. If it were a different girl, there was still hope left. After all, this was only their third year. However, if it were Evans, the attraction may have faded away from where it came from. There was also the little fact that she still hated Potter. "We shall just have to find out a different way," she finished. Slughorn thought about this. "I have a detention with that Potter boy tonight, Minerva. He added a few ingredients to his potion on purpose so it would blow up in a poor Slytherin's face. Why not pass him onto you so you could ask him a few casual questions? Subtly, of course." She considered it for a moment, then sighed. "I never thought I would stoop this low for a relationship before. What is this world coming to?" Later, at exactly 6:00pm, he showed up in her classroom. "Uh, I'm here to serve my dentention for Professor Slughorn. He said to come over here." She nodded briskly. "Good. Your task is to sort all of these old Transfiguration homework records in alphabetical order. There are are twenty five years worth of students in here. You may begin." He headed over to the cabinet, knelt down and started to shuffle through the papers. Soon, she could tell that he was getting bored. She was sitting at her desk, marking essays for the sixth years. She shook her head in disappointment as she gave an unfortunate Gryffindor a 'T'. "Mr. Potter," she said suddenly. He looked up from the mess of the files around him quizzically. "Yes?" "May I ask why you were so distracted during my class? Something more important than learning the correct wand movements for transfiguring a pillow into a blanket?" He flushed. Ah. Must have been a girl, then. He wouldn't have been embarrassed to say he was chatting with his friends. "Er... um..." Strange. He was usually smooth and could quick talk his way out of any situation. "Was it a girl?" He gaped at her. "Was it Lily Evans?" At this he turned into a statue. "Next time, please focus on your assignment instead. I would rather not have to point out your fixated staring to the class." He just turned a red that would rival the color of Lily Evans' hair. "You may go now." She informed him coolly. He just nodded, still in shock, jumped up and headed out the doorway without a backwards glance. She laughed softly to herself. "Now to see Miss Evans' reaction." When she met Slughorn again, she told him James had developed an infatuation with the one and only Lily Evans. "We'll see what happens to this is seventh year," he said, grinning. "I can't wait to sweep in the Galleons later." Year Four James Potter was officially a player. Sometimes, Professor McGonagall wanted to slap some sense into that boy. His crush on Evans had only grown, but chasing her while simultaneously flirting and dating other giggling girls resulted in a very angry redhead. So it was extremely understandable when she stomped on his foot and kicked him on the shins after his... 65 attempt. She had counted. He howled in pain for a bit, but eventually got over it. And the pick-up lines! Oh, the horror of the pick-up lines he kept using. It made her despair for the future generations of how couples got together. "You're the only one who has the portkey to my