The boy grinned as he appeared in the throne room,"Greetings gods!" He said cheerily as he walked in with the book clutched tightly in his hands. A black haired girl with piercing, blue eyes followed behind quickly. Both teens were very attractive and appeared to be eighteen. The boy wore a simple shirt and jeans, he had on high tops and wore a hoodie. He had bright, yellow eyes and wore a mischievous smile. Zeus frowned,"How did you two get in here!" He demanded as he clutched his bolt tightly, he felt threatened by their sudden appearance. Aphrodite spoke up,"Hey don't scare him away! He just got here!" She chided and gave the teen a flirtatious wave. The boy laughed and playfully winked back, the girl groaned before smacking his arm making him glare at her. Apollo smiled smugly at the girl,"Yeah dad! She's hot!" He said loudly and the girl glared at him. Artemis looked at her brother in disgust,"Pig." She snarled and he rolled his eyes. "Don't hate the playa Arty! Hate the game!" The boy snickered quietly making the blue eyed girl hit him again and Artemis scoffed at his idea of humor. Artemis was even more irritated now,"Both the playa and the game are about to die in two seconds." She said with malice making Apollo stiffen. The boy laughed as did his partner making Artemis glance at them curiously. Zeus pounded his fist on the armrests of his throne angrily,"Silence! Now, who are you and why have you come?" He demanded. His eyes pulsed with power and he clenched his bolt even tighter. The boy smirked and put an arm around the girl,"Hear that Thals, you made daddy mad!" He teased and she rolled her eyes. "Shut up Percy." Zeus's eyes widened,"But it is against the law for me to have-" Percy snorted,"Dude you just couldn't take the heat in the future!" He examined his nails without a care in the world,"You see a pretty girl and you go nuts! It's a wonder why Hera hasn't divorced you yet!" Percy exclaimed and Hera's eyes widened. "Oh why didn't I think of that!" She groaned and Zeus's eyes widened before he grabbed her hand. "Uh no need to make rash decisions dear! We can discuss our relationship later!" He said worriedly and Hera smacked his hand away angrily. "Why don't you discuss your relationship with Metis! Oh wait you ate her!" The queen spat venomously and Zeus buried his face in his hands. "That was ONE time woman! How long will you keep holding that over my head! So maybe the relationship had some domestic violence-" "Why are you here?" Athena interrupted her father but not before shooting him a glare for trying to eat her. Percy snickered,"Zeus turned out to be Kronos junior!" Thalia put a hand over his mouth and forced a smile,"Uh this girl named Author put us here...look we're just here to read a story okay? The sooner we do this the sooner we leave." She sighed and Zeus frowned. "Who is this author-" "Shut up! Percy's about to read!" Hera snapped and Zeus lowered his head. He was in the doghouse for sure. Percy smiled,"Thank you Queen Hera." He said politely and Thalia scowled at him for being a kiss up. Percy walked closer to Artemis's throne much to everyone's surprise, with Thalia on his heels he plopped down closest to her throne. The hunt who resided there shot him murderous glares and he merely smiled widely at them. Unfortunately Bianca and Lani wasn't there but Percy was elated to see Phoebe and Zoe. "Sorry ladies, but I like this spot." Thalia snickered at Percy's comment as she sat beside him. Phoebe looked at him in disgust,"Insolent pig." Percy smiled to himself before he began reading. The black wolf paced back and forth angrily, his claws sunk into the soil of the soft earth and he growled. The moon made his fur gleam showing the muscularity of the wolf. "Is this one of those Twilight books? Because if so can I leave?" Artemis asked tiredly, the twelve year old was picking her nails with her knife in a bored manner. Percy smirked,"No...but a child such as yourself is a bit too young for this book..." He trailed off and she looked at him in anger. The hunt began spitting venomous words at him and Thalia quickly jumped to his defense. Percy was too focused on the moon goddess to heed the angry girls any mind. "Am not-" "Anyone younger than eighteen should leave...this gets pretty graphic! Except for Hestia over there." Percy said egging Artemis on. Hestia smiled to herself, she knew what he was getting at. She looked murderous,"Why is she the exception?" "Why do you have a throne when she doesn't? Because life's not fair, so change up!" He countered and Artemis couldn't help but notice his valid point. Grudgingly snapping her fingers she became eighteen. No one except Thalia noticed Percy's slight blush. She snickered and Percy had to resist himself from smacking her upside the head. The hunt started muttering about boys and how stupid Percy and Thalia were. His yellow eyes glinted with anger and his sharp white teeth were bared in annoyance. His ears perked once he heard the howl of another wolf, his eyes gleamed with anticipation and he howled back loudly. "When are they gonna fight!" Ares demanded. Hermes turned to the war god,"When you get a GPA above 2.0 now shut up!" Ares started muttering curse words and Percy sighed loudly making him stop. Sneaking a glance at Artemis Percy found she was looking at her silver knife contently. He smiled to himself before continuing. The air was thick and cold rejuvenating the wolf, he bounded off into the night, the forest flew by him in a blur as he sped up. Excitement coursed through him at the prospect of getting a reward for this, he easily darted in-between trees and gracefully leaped over bushes and shrubs. His run slowed to a trot when he saw chocolate, red fur and a she wolf creep out of the woods. Her silver eyes glanced around warily and she held a pup in her mouth seeing as it was her only transportation for the young pup. Artemis sat up straight as the book listed the familiar traits of the wolf. She sounded just like Lupa. The pup had black fur and red paws; he had a white splotch on his chest and yellow eyes with flecks of silver. She set him down and the pup frowned before glancing at the yellow-eyed wolf warily. "Ma who's this?" The pup asked, he went up to his mom's shins showing he had only been alive for a couple weeks or so. A tremor ran through the pup and he morphed into a human, he looked to be around five years old and he narrowed his eyes at the yellow-eyed wolf. "Perseus this is your father, Lycaon, you'll be staying with him for a while." She murmured, she would never talk down to her son for she wanted him to be strong, if she constantly doted on him he would grow to be weak which is unacceptable. "And he's a werewolf! Hot!" Aphrodite squealed and Percy smirked in her direction. He then casually leaned against Thalia who sighed, Zeus looked at the two in shock. "Are...you dating my daughter!" He bellowed,"A mutt like you?" Percy had to suppress a laugh, wrong daughter,"Only time will tell!" Percy shrugged making Zeus scowl. Lycaon looked down at his son,"Perseus, a fitting name. You will join my pack and me; here is what I expect from you, you will be strong for any sign of weakness you shall be punished. You will fight for the pack and the pack only, you will be the perfect warrior and show no mercy. You won't reveal that your mother is Lupa, am I clear?" "I like this guy!" Ares said in approval making Percy glare at him. The king of werewolves asked, Perseus nodded and stood up tall. His mother had taught him that fear and mercy was weakness. Lupa looked at her son sadly, Artemis looked ready to shout in anger but Percy cut her off,"Don't blame my mom for this. Just listen." He said darkly making everyone but Thalia surprised by his change of attitude. Zoe was surprised to hear about Lupa but from Percy's seriousness she knew there was more to it. she would of kept him but Lycaon had threatens to tell the gods of her weakness, this was never supposed to happen. The five year old had black hair and his yellow eyes had the look of a predator, his abnormally large canines gleamed as he smiled at his father who continued to look down at him emotionlessly. "Come, you won't be babied by your mother any longer. You will run with me and you will keep up. Goodbye Lupa, and thank you for your cooperation." The wolf grinned wickedly and Lupa bared her teeth at him and snarled. She hardly found being ambushed and taken advantaged of cooperating, she knew Lycaon only did it to get powerful child out of it. Hestia shook her head sadly and Artemis's mouth fell open,"I'm going to murder him!" She screamed, Lupa was a close friend of hers and knowing that she was raped by the man she hated the most was awful. Thalia spoke up,"Don't worry about it, listen and you'll see." She chided and Artemis could only hold her knives tightly. Percy had his jaw clenched and Artemis felt bad for him. He probably thought of how he was a child that came about through rape. She then hardened himself, he was flirtatious mutt and she didn't like him very much. "Leave now! And don't think I won't kill you for this later." She growled and Lycaon smirked wolfishly. "I wouldn't dream of it dearest." He mocked; Perseus morphed into his pup form and wondered what happened between his two parents. He turned to his mother and she nuzzled his head and he grinned wolfishly at her. He rubbed his head against her leg affectionately before turning to his father. His father sprinted out of sight while Perseus struggled to keep up; his short legs did him no favors. He continued to run even though he couldn't see his father anymore, he paused and sniffed the air, he could smell a large pack of wolves further ahead and he perked his ears once he heard howling. He ran further into the woods with his tongue lolled out to the side, he then saw a pack of giant wolves. His father stood tall and Percy lowered his head in submission as he walked towards him. "This is my son Perseus and he will be joining the pack this evening." Lycaon announced causing murmurs between the wolf pack. "So this is the little runt huh? Who's your mom pup?" One of the wolves asked, he was as large as his father and had a silver pelt. Percy felt fear but pushed it aside, fear was for the weak. The pup could tell by the way wolf stood that he held a high position in the pack. He put his head up and stared the wolf dead in the eye,"My name is Perseus, my mother is not important." He said and the wolf smiled at his boldness, he would make a good addition to the pack. "Yeah Percy! Wolf pack!" Hermes cheered and Percy looked at him as if he were insane. "You do know Lycaon's a bad guy right?" Hermes coughed awkwardly,"Of course...I was...joking..." He looked down at his feet awkwardly. "I like you pup, my names Caesar I'm your father's beta. Welcome to the pack." Perseus wagged his tail and was happy one of the wolves liked him especially the beta which was the second in command. "Caesar! You and I will be