Shy's arm hurt again. The sun, just beginning to tuck itself away for the night, was casting a soft orange glow over the snow on the forest floor. It must have been beautiful. Or at least, she thought so. Hidden away in a small hollow beneath a tree, the only glimpse she caught of the outside was a couple centimeters past the slowly growing wall of snow in the entrance a foot over her head. Maybe that was a good thing. If she couldn't see them, they couldn't see her, right? That's what she was hoping for anyway. Carefully, quietly, she peeled the half-ruined parka, Capitol-issued for the Games, off and set it aside. It had been snowing since her accidental tumble in here two days ago so she figured – hoped – that the snow she'd kicked up had been replaced, good as new. Still, it would have sucked to have her little hidie hole found out for so stupid a reason as she'd been too loud. Still, given her luck recently, it wouldn't have surprised her if that had actually happened. But, coat off and no signs of anyone about to stick their ugly mug under her tree, Shy relaxed. Or tried to, at least. The hollow was warmer than outside for certain, but she was still cold. Not the kind of bone-chilling cold these winter winds brought on, but a feverish sort of cold that no number of coats or blankets would fix. And at the center of all of that cold? The only part of her to feel any warmth, and not even of the pleasant variety, was her left arm. The bandages – applied haphazardly two nights before and held on by the belt meant to be holding her pants – had gotten crusty and discoloured with old dried up blood. She ought to change them. And she really ought to clean the nasty gash they covered. But curse her rotten luck when she went to do just that. If it had just been swollen Shy wouldn't have cared. She could shove her arm into the snow and leave it there a while. She wished now that she'd bothered to stick around at the first aid station back in the Capitol longer than she had. As if being bit by the axe weren't bad enough, the wound had gone an angry red. Parts had scabbed over and broken open again, leaking a mix of blood and pus. Shy didn't have anything to clean it, only cover it back up. She tried draining it, and then melted snow to wash it, but that was the best she could do. It was already infected. If she had some maggots she would have dumped them in there to eat all of the dead stuff. But she didn't. So she wrapped it anew and tied it tight with her belt. She could already feel her slighty-too-big pants sliding. She could put her belt back on proper, but she'd sooner go streaking through the snow, her pale behind on full display, than surrender the meager protection those bandages provided. The orange evening glow was gone now, replaced by the faint green of the Capitol's nightly death toll, accompanied by a tune as cheery as the subject matter. Shy refused to go out and take a look at the day's list of faces. She didn't dare leave any tracks in the snow, and she didn't need to. Boag was already dead – butchered by the Careers two days earlier. And his was the only face she would have been interested in seeing. Their parents were old friends and, by extension, so were they. Well, perhaps it wasn't quite right to just call them friends. For all of his fifteen years Boag had never been the brightest, but he'd been a good-natured boy. And while he wasn't an artist of a lover, he'd been good to Shy. The two of them had never applied for tesserae. They'd never needed to. They were both only children, with no younger siblings to fret over and care for, so that helped some. So the chances of one of Boag's four slips, or one of Shy's six being pulled had been slim. Still, a world like that, where you could just as easily be dead as not before you hit nineteen – because no matter how good your chances, someone always had to be reaped – made some people a little more loose with their morals. Speaking to the irony of her name, Shy had been one such person. Boag had been good looking for his age. A boyish face and light grey eyes, both hidden half the time beneath a head of curly brown hair a few shades darker than Shy's own filthy blonde. She'd loved running her fingers through it and just feeling how soft it was. He was shorter than most boys his age – which was still a good few inches taller than her – but he was no less a proper woodsman for it. He could handle an axe as well as most adults, lugged just as much wood and had the lean muscle to prove it. But for all his strength, he was unexpectedly gentle. Shy had never disliked herself or her body, but there was a fine line between not disliking one's self and liking it. She had her little grievances with her body as anyone would with theirs. Too scrawny, too pale, nearly flat as a board. Hair forever too long and in her face. She entertained the thoughts often enough. Boag would hear none of it. " You're beautiful, Kitten." He was no charmer. But he tried. And he'd made her love this body of hers, even if only under his hands. So when they'd both been reaped, no tricks, no volunteers, Shy had become even less shy. " Shy Cartwright." She could still hear the Capitol representative's honeyed voice, sickly sweet in Shy's ears, calling her to the stage. The woman had been puny. Shy swore half her size came from the volume of her hair and clothes. And as the Capitolite pitter-pattered her way to the boy's glass bowl, Shy wondered idly how easy it would be snap her in two. Judging by the multitude of black looks directed at the woman, she likely wasn't the only one in the square asking the question. " Boag Wharton." That had been the first black cat to cross her path. She wished now that it had been the last. . . Their mentor didn't take kindly to her, or she to him. He was an angry balding man in his late thirties with a strong distaste for sarcasm and he believed wholeheartedly that sharing a blown up version of his experiences in the arena from twenty some-odd years ago would better their chances. " I was a wee lad, see? Made 'em think I couldna lift me own axe. Idjiits, the lot of 'em! Hacked off all their blighted heids, I did!" Shy was willing to bet that last part wasn't entirely true. But as much as she disliked him, he was a fair mentor. He answered all of their questions, devised strategies (for in and outside the arena) for the both of them, and prepared them as best he could. After the training scores were released, revealing a dismal three for Shy and a five for Boag, Shy approached their mentor. " There's something I want you to hold onto for me." He had thrown her a suspicious look then. It was the first she had approached him for help since their arrival in the Capitol six days earlier. She handed him a blank envelope still unsealed and its contents poking out. He took it and his look turned questioning. She assented, and slowly he removed the letter and began reading. " If he comes back, will you give it to him?" Perhaps he understood, for his features softened and without further comment returned the letter, sealed it and tucked it away. Boag had given him something similar, he told her. Asked that he submit it as Shy's token. He had read it as well, of course, and agreed. " Thirty years I watched these games. Ain't never seen anythin' like this. I'm sorry, lass. I really am." He threw her more looks at dinner the next day, all of them wavering between mild disgust with her behaviour and sympathy for knowing the reason behind it. He called her shameless when she asked plainly to stay with Boag that night – their last night – but nothing else. It was Boag who mentioned tokens first. The night was well underway, and the only light in the room came from the television panels lining the walls. Boag had changed them to show images of District Seven's thick forests. Shy could almost smell the hickory wood smoke of her family's fireplace. She told herself that she could and the memory tickled her nose. For this one night they would pretend they were home. " I heard you swapped mine." He didn't deny it. " I want you to read it. If I die." " Hatcher has yours." She told him. "Read it if you come back." They laid together in a tangle of limbs until their mentor came to fetch them early the next morning. In the short span between waking and being shipped out to the arena they talked strategy. Shy and Boag were to stay together at all costs. They wouldn't hold out any hope for generous sponsors, not after their uninspiring performances in the interview and training both. They'd stick together, wait for the number of tributes to whittle down, and then they'd go their separate ways, no hard feelings. If all went well then one of them would be boarding the train home in as little as a week. Maybe the parka should have tipped her off, but it didn't. Snowy mountain peaks and sprawling green and white forests had filled her vision upon entering the arena. And then they went blurry as the wind bit at her face and made her eyes water. Nothing went according to their plan after that and she thought herself a fool for believing that it could ever have worked out so nicely. When the timer hit zero and the gong sounded Shy still hadn't spotted the boy's face. Without attempting a grab at even the most useless junk scattered in the snow around the Cornucopia Shy fled. And just as well that she did. Each step buried her leg more than halfway up her calf in snow. There would have been no running from the bloodbath if she'd been caught in it. She only hoped Boag had the same idea and that she found him soon. She spent the better part of her first two days in search of the boy, keeping his letter, her token, folded in the pocket over her left breast. But it wasn't easy. The snow never stopped and even the Capitol-issued parka, easily the warmest piece of clothing Shy had ever worn, couldn't keep the wind out entirely. Finding a place to sleep safely without fear of freezing was difficult, but not as difficult as it was to find something to eat. Blast it all, Shy was starving! Maybe if she didn't have to worry so much about covering her tracks or if she could light a fire without it being extinguished by the wind or found out by another tribute then she could have put herself in a better mood. But, whether unable or unwilling to risk a fire, Shy huddled up into her parka and endured the cold. She figured it to be around mid afternoon (it was hard to tell with a permanently grey sky over her head) on the third day when she found him. She wished now that she hadn't. It would have been kinder to just