Miss Independent Chapter 1 " Fear" I can count on one hand the number of times I've experienced genuine fear. It wasn't a pleasant feeling, anyone could tell you that. The increased heart rate, the panicked thoughts, and the trembling of involuntarily shivers that just make you want to vomit definitely weren't things that anyone enjoys. Yet, as much as I hated to admit it, I was afraid and that was exactly how I was feeling. ' I can't believe that I lost her. How could I lose her? I told her to stay there that I would be right back, but when I turned around she was nowhere in sight,' I was panicking, big time. It sickened me that I would lose my daughter. My only daughter… 'Oh I must be a terrible mother,' I told myself as I ran down the street in desperate search. ' Where is she?' I looked around worriedly as I searched the beach, my eyes scanning for the familiar blonde head of hair that was my daughter's. ' I can't believe I lost her in this godforsaken place. ' I tried to remember the name of this town I had wandered to completely unintentionally. It was something like La Rush. I didn't think that was right, but my brain is too frazzled to really care at the moment. I had gotten lost, quite literally. ' Damn my horrible sense of direction .' It was then that I saw the familiar blonde curls that belonged to my daughter. ' Oh thank God,' I breathed with relief. "Mia!" I shouted not wasting any time gripping her in a tight hug. I pulled back briefly looked over her face, "Where did you go? I told you to wait. Why did you run off? I was so worried; you scared me half to death." She only stared at me disinterested only being somewhat apologetic. "I'm sorry. I just wanted to see the ocean," she explained with that childlike innocence. I knew that she really didn't comprehend the emotional stress that she had just put me through and I knew it was no use trying to explain to her why I was so worried. It was a parent thing, something I myself didn't learn until I actually became a parent. Anything could have happened to her. She could have been kidnapped, eaten by bears, or scouted to be in a super-secret government operation to train children into spies… Okay the last one was very unlikely I'll admit that, but she still scared me half to death. A cough sound above us. I hadn't even realized there was someone standing next to my daughter. I was so caught up in my panic and worry. I looked up into a pair of warm chocolate eyes pausing only a second before I had composed myself. "Oh thank you for finding her Mr…" I said standing up brushing some of the sand off of my knees. "Paul," he told me. "Right, thank you Paul," I smiled politely. He nodded in acknowledgement. I studied Paul curiously. He had the strangest expression on his face a few seconds ago one mixed with shock and disbelief before he slipped on a mask of indifference. I noted that he was much taller than me standing at least a half a foot taller than my proud height of five feet eight inches. He was obviously of Native American descendent as if the black hair and russet skin wasn't a tip off. "It wasn't any trouble," he assured me a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth, "your sister already knew the way back. I was just more or less accompanying her." I looked down at Mia. "Oh, she's not my sister. She's my daughter," I clarified with a laugh. It was true many people mistook her for my younger sister. It was the age difference. With me being only twenty-four and her only being eight it was a pretty common mistake. Paul seemed a little surprised by the revelation. He quickly masked his reaction however, opting for a more neutral approach. "She looks a lot like you," he remarked. I noticed that he seemed a little uncomfortable with conversation, but of course the idiot that I was just made things more awkward. "Not really, she takes more after her father," I winced as those words left my mouth. Paul didn't respond to that. "Anyways it was nice meeting you, I have to get going," I smiled again and looked down a Mia, "come on Mia let's go." "I didn't catch your name," Paul said when he realized I was leaving. "Oh right of course," I made a face, I was completely spacing today, "Emelia." I held out my hand and he shook it. Mia waved at Paul with a smile as I took her hand and led her back to the car. "Bye Paul," she called in cheery voice. I heard him chuckle and wave back. "Bye Mia, Emelia," he said. I turned and gave him a fleeting glance. I didn't realize I was smiling until I had gotten back to the car with Mia. She slid into the backseat of my 2004 Toyota Camry and shut the door behind her while buckling her seatbelt. I drove silently finally knowing where I was going. Mia was staring out the window watching the lush green pines flitter past the windows. "I think Paul likes you mom." Her words were sudden and completely out of the blue it took me off guard. "Why would you think that?" I asked my eyes darting to look in the review mirror. Mia stared back at me with a thoughtful expression. Her emerald green eyes, much like my own, were serious and above all perceptive. "You didn't see when he first saw you. It was like those old cartoons from the 60's with butterflies or hearts floating around his head. He like stopped what he was doing and completely froze… and you were just… and he…," she tried explaining to me, but it seemed like she wasn't doing it very well and gave up. "He just looked at you differently," she sighed not know what else to say. I was quite gazing out at the highway that stretched in front of the car. "I think you watch too much cartoons," I remarked sarcastically. Mia just rolled her eyes muttering something under her breath before she went back to staring out the window. I continued to dwell on what she had just told me. The strange thing was I kind of believed her. Even I noticed something different about that man on the beach. He was looking at me like he'd never seen me before. Okay he had never seen me before, but it was more than that. It was like I was water and he had been lost in the desert for forty years. I really couldn't explain it either, I realized. There was this connection between us, it was beyond rationalization. It only took about fifteen minutes before I pulled up into the dirt driveway of our new home. A small humble 2 bedroom, 2 bath, Victorian with a wraparound porch. There was already a U-Haul truck parked out to the side under a large pine. "Looks like Cassie beat us here," I said turning off the car. Mia slipped out of the car and ran to Cassie who was waiting on the porch. I followed popping the trunk and pulling out a box. Cassie was my best friend and has been since we both were little girls. She was my partner in crime, my confidant and the person who cooked for me because let's face it I couldn't cook to save my life. She was practically my sister, although the two of us looked nothing alike. She was your petite, porcelain skinned, china doll with deep blue eyes and blonde hair that was a straight as straight could be, while I was the athletic, tall tanned tomboy with emerald green eyes and light sandy brown hair that was a disarray of messy curls. I wouldn't have been able to raise Mia like I have if it wasn't for her. So when she got a job in Washington and asked to come work with her of course I jumped at the chance. There was nothing waiting for me back east, just my two controlling parents who I'd spend as little time with as possible. "Did you both get lost?" Cassie laughed already knowing the answer. "Took a couple wrong turns," I replied, "You know me and my horrible sense of direction. I can't tell left from right." Cassie took the box from my arms I felt the need to protest, but she silenced me with a look. "Gosh it's gorgeous here," I sighed looking around in awe. It really was stunning. I've always loved the color green and here the color green was everywhere and as vivid as it could be. "Yeah it is, if you can get past the lack of sun and constant rain," she set the box down on the porch. "I've had enough sun for a life time," I retorted unlocking the door to the house, "maybe I'll get as pale as you." Cassie scoffed, "Doubt it." Mia ran past me to scope out the house, both me and Cassie laughed at the excited squeal she made when she found her room. Cassie set the box down on the dark hardwood floor in the entryway and looked around the rest of the house. "I have to say I really like this house," she nodded approvingly walking into the living room, "Would you mind if I moved in with you two?" I laughed at the joke, "Please, I'd love to have you living here. My own personal chef, what could be better?" "On second thought maybe I won't move in," she joked back, "you're kind of a slob and we both know that you'd pawn off all the chores on me." "Hey," I cried indignant, "I'm only a slob on the days that have the letters 'T' and 'U' in them." "Which is like half the week," Cassie pointed out. I looked around the room we were standing in, appraisingly. The large windows allowed for a lot of natural light to be casted on the dark wood floorboards and crème colored walls. There was a gray and white stone fire place with a dark wood mantle where I could put some pictures that I had stashed away in boxes. On the wall closest to the fire place was a series of built-in bookshelves that Mia could fill with her many books that she constantly was reading. All in all, the house was perfect for the two of us. "So what do you think?" Cassie asked after I had finished my inspection. "If I had known moving over two-thousand miles away from my parents felt so liberating I would have done it a long time ago," I remarked. "Did you even tell your parents you were moving?" Cassie was staring at me seriously. I knew that she thought I probably didn't tell them. The joke was on her however because as a matter of fact I did tell my parents I was moving and it wasn't even the day I was going to leave. That's a milestone for me. It's hard to believe, I know. Usually I don't tell my parent's things until they are actually happening, like right at that moment. "I called them a week before I was going to move," my tone was offended, but in truth I wasn't offended by Cassie's question mostly because I had actually considered not telling them at all. Just letting them find out when my mother left a message on my phone with some big 'emergency' that would force me to make contact out of family obligation. "Anyways enough about them," I began changing the subject, "tell me about the