Author's Note : I honestly do not know where this came from, but it has been on my mind for weeks now. I've been writing it for a while and so i decided to share it. The possibility of adding more chapters is slim, but i might change my mind. Summary: Renesmee, out of nowhere, suddenly catches herself trapped in the past. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. Just a fan who couldn't deal with the fact that the book and the movies were over so i had to go and read Fanfics to satisfy my growing love for the characters. I opened my eyes. An unfamiliar sight before me. The sun was still there, shining brightly above the trees, telling me with its position that it is already noon. The shadow of the trees seem familiar as it covers a part of my face, yet it is disconcerting to see that these trees are quite different from the ones I was accustomed to. The trees in forks were usually covered in moss and are taller and greener than I remember. Bothered by this, I reached up to cover my eyes. I was lying down, it seemed, with no recollection as to how I got here. I bolted upright in a sitting position, a movement considered too fast for a human but not as fast for an immortal. I looked around at the unfamiliar forest in confusion. Where am I? It must have been a dream. The forest seemed too lovely enough to be real. I stood up, looking at my feet and noticing that it was bear. I had no shoes on, and I was wearing a simple long sleeved night gown that I was sure my aunt laid down for me to wear. That's right! Aunt Alice gave me this night gown. Happy that I could finally recall a memory, I touched the ruffles and ribbon at my collar. It felt smooth against my fingers. If this was really a dream it seemed real. I decided to walk around and see the place, the rock and dirt not hurting my bear feet, I skipped and twirl around the small clearing. After a few long time of wandering I started noticing something. I was feeling a bit tired and thirsty. Hungry even. I listened around me for any living creatures to hunt. I sense a faint footsteps of a small herbivore nearby and I smell its blood. I hear the wings of the birds' right above me. I feel myself positioning into a crouch as I give into the hunt, before realizing something fairly obvious. I snapped my eyes open with a realization that this was just far too real. The scent was far too real, the sound of their heartbeat was far too real and more importantly my thirst was far too real for this whole thing to be just a dream. I whirled around in panic and stare at the sky, the sun was on its way to the west, preparing to set. Just then a screeching sound of an animal came from the forest behind me, startling me. I started walking back to where I woke up earlier, afraid of the unknown. Where was I? And more importantly, why was I alone? I was never left alone. Never. Even when I slept, I'm still surrounded by my big family, humans and immortals alike. It doesn't make sense that I would be left behind here in the middle of nowhere. My Mother and Father would be worried. Jacob would be furious. Thinking of Jacob, I started running. He won't be able to stay calm without me. Goodness , my whole family would be in utter panic once they realize I was gone. I have never been out of their sight before. I was back where I woke up earlier in a matter of seconds. Looking around, I can't figure out how I would be able to come back home. I have no knowledge of this place, I don't have any memory of how I came here to help me find my way back, no lingering scent of a trail to follow and I realize with a pang of fear that I also have no one at the moment. I was all alone. I felt myself whimper. The feeling of being lost and alone was overwhelming and new that it is frightening to me. Even though I had a body of a thirteen year old and my mind seemed to comprehend like an adult, I was still just in my fourth year of existence. Still quite young. There's still so much I don't know in the world. Like for instance, what should I do now? I've never been lost before and I haven't been thought yet on what to do in case it happens. The sun was starting to set, giving off a cover of darkness in the forest that is slightly unnerving. It wouldn't be right to stay here, it will be dark soon. Closing my eyes, I started to think. What would Dad do? Knowing my Father, I know for certain that he wouldn't whimper in the woods alone. He would be his rational self. He would take a moment to breathe, so I did. He would be calm, so I was. And he would think of a solution on the given situation. I heightened my senses, heard the sounds surrounding me and smelled the scents that the wind brought to me . . . my mind raced with different ideas. Just then, I smelled it. Humans, approximately two and a half miles away. I opened my eyes, blinking. It could be a town, or a small city. I could find help there and probably a phone to contact home. A new sense of calm and hope rushed me to take a leap through the trees and run as fast as I could towards the scent of humans. My feet barely touched the grass as I raced out of the woods. I reached the end of the trees in a matter of minutes, slowing down, I walked out of the darkness. Breathing hard, I look upon the edge of town that lay a few yards from where I stood. The first thing I noticed was the flock of sheep, kept in a wooden railing joining an old looking hut that breathes smoke in its chimney. I gave a pondering stare at the view, the house was pretty enough, it was actually kind of cute . Something out of a story book or a history book. It was my first time seeing something like it and so I was unaware of my pacing feet as I walked across the field towards the edge of town. The smell of humans was strong and welcoming. A sudden movement gave me a halt. A young man, came into my line of sight as he stepped outside the hut. He was probably in his late teens and he was, in no way I could described, wearing the most peculiar of clothing. Aside from the dirt that somehow covered every part of him, he was wearing a different kind of pants from what I've seen people usually wear. His coat was over sized, as if it didn't belong to him and his hat was so old fashioned that it wouldn't be proper to wear it in public. As I scrutinized him, his gaze landed on mine and I saw his bored expression change to surprise and bewilderment. I bit my lip as he refrain from moving. My small movement somehow soothed his expression. Remembering my agenda, I started skipping like a thirteen year old human child. A movement that usually puts Grandpa Charlie at ease whenever I come visit him. As I close the distance between us, I recall that speaking loudly usually makes human comfortable, and I have to be extra careful for this will be my first encounter with a human who isn't family or friend. "Excuse me sir." I said carefully as I stop a few feet in front of him, ignoring the scent of the farm animals. "I'm wondering if you have a telephone inside." He blinked in his silence, after a few seconds he recovered and spoke. At this moment, the sound of anyone's voice should have calmed me. It didn't. "There be no telephone in these area little miss." He breathed. "If you're in search of those telephones, you'll need to go into town." I stared in wonder. That sort of speech was a clincher. My advance mind raced with different thoughts, solidifying my theory. "I'm sorry but, may I ask what date is today?" I asked, palms sweating. He gave a skeptic look before speaking. "It's the first day of the week little miss, a Monday. The last Monday of July." He announced, taking a step closer to me. I shook my head towards him and pushed myself further. "I meant what year is it?" My lips pressed in a tight line, awaiting his answer. "My-my, it is understandable for someone to forget the day, but very unusual for someone to forget the year." He said with deep scowl on his face. His concern showing. "It's 1922, miss." My gaze settled on the ground beneath his feet as I repeated his words in my head. "1922" I whispered in a shaky breath. "If you don't mind me asking, what happened to you miss?" He started to ask. His face was less startled now, showing more concern than fear. Walking out of the woods in a night gown probably wasn't a good idea. To this young man, I could have been a ghost. "I was lost." I told him, which is actually true. "I had no way back home" I said sadly, feeling helpless at the moment. The young man continued asking me questions. Mostly regarding my attire and my bear feet and how I came about his backyard. I was careful with my answers, answering with a simple "Yes" and "No". This whole thing isn't real! This type of things just doesn't happen. Even living in a world full of mythical creatures and being one, this is still too far fetch. I refuse to accept that I was somehow transported into the past. I can't think of any logical way for me to be here. It's just not possible for me not to be in Forks and that everyone I know was either not alive yet or far away from me. I refuse to feel so alone and weak. I have to be strong, Dad would want me to be. There has to be a way. "You'll need to change if you'll be searchin' for your Mother in town. Night clothes isn't really proper little miss." He commented with a sheepish smile as he loaded some produce in his bulky wagon. "I'll be heading to town m'self to pick up my mother from the tailors. I'll find you something to wear and you can come with me." I watch him scurry into his house and was out in a minute carrying a worn-out coat and a pair of slippers that are a bit large for me. "Thank you." Touched by his kindness, I recall I hadn't even took the time to ask him his name, he beat me to it. "You must tell me your name little miss." His smile was charming that it didn't sound demanding at all. He reminded me of Uncle Jasper, without the southern accent of course. "Renesmee" I said as I took the coat and footwear from him. He guided me towards his wagon and waited for me to finish putting on the shoes. "Renezmay? That seems too old of a name for someone quite young." He said, finding it funny. He thought my name was too old, that made me smile. "You can call me Nessie. It's my nickname." I gave a soft laughter remembering all the commotion my name