A Ring of Power Talk of Rings filled the air. Everyone was talking about these great gifts, that the Gift Giver, Annatar, was sending out. The rings were special in a way. A way of belonging, but at the same time, someone who had those rings, would be powerful. The Rings were supposedly gorgeous; Elven- made. They had names and special qualities. They were said to have power themselves, as well as grant you power. I never thought that Addric was into any of those things, but he too was excited about seeing if he could find one. At the time, Addric stood tall, and was revered by many who dwelt here. He was no prince or anyone of fame. But he was prominent for a reason that our eyes were veiled to. He was chosen. Addric was just one of the great and noble people, who cared for others and sought out ways in which to better himself and others. It surprised me when he said he wanted a Ring, but at the same time, it completely made sense. The Elves were given three as far as anyone knew, and the Dwarves were given seven. Now it was finally the time for Men. At first, people were hesitant, that the Gift Giver would freely present gifts such as these with wanting nothing in return. If I worked hard on something I would want people to appreciate it, earn it. But after a while, tales started to flow and rumors began to take root. The Dwarves were growing rich. Treasures filled their caverns and caves. The Elves grew in wisdom and beauty; they already had immortality. But think of Men! What men could do with something so powerful! In the hands of Men, we could accomplish so much! We could build great and prosperous cities, never have to worry for hunger and drought again. We could make a great people of ourselves, and give ourselves a name to really be known by. Sure the Elves were wise, the Dwarves were craftsmen. But Man would be important, healthy, maybe even learning the secret to immortality or special skill. Either way, it was to be certain, that a special Ring in the possession of Men could only prove conducive to a rich and luxurious life. Who wouldn't want that? The Ring came up in conversation one night, after a comforting dinner with family. Addric took me aside and told me what he planned to do with the ring if he could have it. I expected a noble answer from him, but it never came. His answer was purely selfish and it warmed my heart. "Rings mean something," he said, sitting down near the fire where I lounged. "They're great for power and pride, but I want to show you that nothing is too good for you." I looked up at him and smiled, trying to understand what he really meant. He continued then. "A normal ring will not do, now that I know something better is out there. I want to get this Ring for you." Then Addric got closer and lifted his hand to my cheek. He stroked it with his thumb and grinned, as if he could be stuck there forever and it would be fine with him. "I want you for my own, my love, my precious." he whispered. And even after all that, I was heartbroken to see him go. He gracefully jumped on the back of his black horse and looked around one last time. A few people from the village came to see him go. He was rather known here, and people like me were sad to see him go. Although no one felt what I was feeling. Addric was journeying someplace that even he didn't know. No one knew what he would face or when he would come back. I just closed my eyes and tried to recall the warmth of his hand on my cheek. I opened them just to see him wave goodbye. Then he galloped away. Foolish, yes, but I waited for him to come back everyday. I gazed off in the direction he'd left, just to see if maybe he'd come back that day, that the journey was really just a matter of picking the thing up. Of course I was flattered that he wanted to get this amazing and lusted after ring just for me, but honestly, I'd rather just have him back home and safe. Days passed by so very slowly they felt like lifetimes. And a lifetime away from a loved one is hardly a life worth living. My life really became an empty shell after he'd been gone for weeks, and a whisper of a creature when he had been gone for many moons. No word was ever brought back. The village didn't receive much news at all. Soon, however, we heard that the Elves had taken their Rings and hidden them. This stirred up much discussion in the town. Why would the Elves hide such a thing? Surely, the wise beings would have just cause for this. And if they were hiding, what were they hiding from? What could Elves be so cautious of? And one day, without warning. Addric came home. He galloped home as if nothing had happened. He looked as if nothing was different, except his eyes looked as if he hadn't slept the entire time he was away. Although I was concerned, I put it aside to make way for my feelings of euphoria. It was like water being poured across a parched sand, or like a vibrant spirit rising from ashes. I ran to him, and threw my arms around his neck and hold him to me as tightly as I could. It took a minute to realize, but when I did, I held him out at arms length to examine him. He never held me back. He had just stood there like a confused animal. Unfocused, vacant. "Addric?" I said softly, hoping not to betray my hurt. But just then, a flicker of recognition came back, and it was like he had just arrived. "Love!" he cried. Then he proceeded to pick me up and twirl me around. "I have something for you," he said mischievously. "Follow me." I dropped everything I was doing. Finally Addric was home and we were finally together again. My own love. My precious. Addric lead me to a wooded field. It was open enough to easily move around, but shaded as not to feel vulnerable. He kissed me on my forehead and stepped back. He took a black woven cloth out from behind him and started to unfold it. I anxiously waited, staring at he hands move protectively around the cloth. Then he stopped. I looked at him questioningly, but soon enough, he shivered as if a wind had chilled him and then continued to open the cloth. I thought wildly of what this magical and precious ring could look like. Maybe it was made from the finest most delicate silver. The metal swirling and cascading over itself into a genuinely Elven pattern. Or maybe it was made out of hearty gold, with rubies and sapphires encrusted into it. Or maybe even, it was made from hot stone- black as the night and soft like satin. Visions of patterns and design flew in and out of her head, mixing and morphing until her excitement was almost fit to burst. Slowly but finally, Addric revealed the Ring. The dull thing lay in the cloth, mocking her memory. It was just a gold ring. What was so special about this? Yes, of course it may have had magic sewn into it's design, but as far as magic goes, I thought it would chose a better host. This ring was the plainest thing I had ever seen. It was a gold band, that looked sort of worn and dirty, like Addric had taken it from a traveler. Addric laughed, reading my face like a book. He always could tell exactly what I thought before I had time to voice it. "I'll show you," he said as he stood up. He handed me the black cloth to hold and he walked a few strides from me. "I wasn't impressed either when I had finally found it. But that only lasted until I learned a few of its many tricks." I looked at him puzzled. Tricks? Just then, Addric held up the ring, slipped it on his finger, and amply disappeared. I looked around frantically and was just about to scream when Addric popped right back out of the thin air he had been stolen into. I didn't understand what I felt. It was interest, but anger. It was curiosity, but fear. It was even pleasure. Addric stepped back once more and started digging in the ground like a fox does to make holes. After he had dug for a bit, gold coins sprang forth like the water should have. He picked them all up and handed them to me. Speechless, I only watched him. He wiped off his hands and looked to the sky. He closed his eyes and held up his arms and it began to rain. Beautiful droplets fell slowly from the sky and as they landed, disappeared. The ground never became wet. Nor Addric or I got wet. Only the sky in which it fell through new about the rain falling. He brought his arms down and the dry rain stopped. "Don't be afraid," he said. He then took his hand and touched it to my face, in our special routine. But this time when our skin touched, I felt something I never wanted to feel again. At first, it was so pleasant I wanted it to never end. It was like a surge of energy and life. But it quickly changed. Soon I started to feel hot and anxious. I felt malice and discord. Then images I had never seen crossed my mind like a dream I couldn't control. A fiery mountain, a deep abyss, lands I didn't know the names of, barren and burnt lands, dark cloaked and evil creatures, and a great eye. All this happened in an instant and was forgotten the second it was over. Only a memory of a memory could be salvaged. A half of a thought. I shook my head, and started to feel nauseous. The next morning was different. I expected Addric to be waiting for me. We hadn't arranged anything, but I had assumed we would meet. Soon I found out that no one had seen Addric all morning. The day progressed and still no sign of Addric. Finally as dusk, he appeared. He looked sort of drawn out and weary. I lead him to his home and put him to bed after a full meal. He didn't eat much. I wished him a good rest and left his domain feeling sad. A week passed and Addric was back on his feet again. "I want to show you something," he told me excitedly. We ran to a nearby grassy pasture and he held me in his arms. After a while, he turned me around towards him and looked at me lovingly. He reached behind him and grabbed the black cloth he had told me to hold his first day back. I was so excited and anxious because I knew what was coming. We were finally going to get to stay together until the end of our days. Of course I knew my answer. I had been prepared for this for a very long time. There was a time I thought that this day would never come, but it was here now and was savoring every last bit. Until my heart dropped. At the sight of the ring he held out for me, a million thoughts all battled each other for dominance in my head. Some contesting were "how could he do this?" and "maybe it's