Eruraviel sat alone in her little clearing pondering over her map wondering where to travel next. She had been across middle-earth multiple times traveling constantly since the loss of her home in Gondolin. She closed her eyes as the memory swam before her once more. She had been eating an early breakfast with her brother when terror had struck. ~Flashback~ " Aithlin, when is your training supposed start?" she asked. Her brother was 420 years younger than her and wished to follow his father and older sister into the guards. It was going to be hard work and he was going to be starting his training today. He looked similar to her and their father with the families' trademark fiery red hair and emerald eyes. Eruraviel stood at 5'6" which was a reasonable height, with long legs that were hard and lithe. She was a runner, an acrobatic fighter. More often than not, she looked like she was dancing around her opponents. Her favorite weapons were the slim dual blades she carried at all times. They were 4' long with the hilts being 6". The blades were a shining mithril and at the base were 2 ½" wide, they tapered down to a barbed end. The base of the blade was encased in gold briars crawling up the first 6" of the blade. The hilts were ebony black with mithril veins running through it ending in the mithril end cap on the pommel. They were the family heirlooms that were passed on to the first born be they male or female. Her skill in wielding them is what had been the final push to try and join the guards. Today she wore her hair in a braid that ended at her waist, with a spike strip buried in the fiery tail. She wore black leggings and cream cotton under shirt with deep green tunic. She also had on bracers on her forearms and shins. They were iron mixed with mithril to give both strength and keep the mithril from reflecting too much. She also wore simple deer skin boots. Aithlin had his hair tied back in a simple tail that just brushed his shoulders. He had had an accident 2 years ago and managed to burn his hair while attempting to cook. They had to cut it to just a few inches and let it grow back on its own. He had forgone an undershirt due to the workout he would get today and wore a simple grey tunic and black leggings. He did not carry a weapon as it wasn't allowed until he had passed training. He was 2" shorter than her with a slim build. He would probably follow in her footsteps as an acrobatic fighter. " An hour past dawn, according to captain Anfalen he doesn't want us new recruits sobbing in ten minutes and said to get as much rest as possible." He grumbled a scowl on his face. She had no doubt it was from feeling underestimated but she knew he would be glad for the extra sleep later. She laughed, which caused him to glare at her in irritation, before she stood to gather the plates. She hadn't even made it to the sink before she heard the alarm bells blare though the mountain peaks. Aithlin jumped to his feet a worried look on his face. " Eruraviel what's happening?!" he said the panic in his voice clear. She stood in front of him and put her hands on his shoulders. " Listen to me Aithlin! The only reason all the bells would sound is if an army were attacking. I need you to run to the shelters-"Aithlin cut her off angrily. " WHAT! But I can help-" " NO! Listen to me! For them to rings the bells means there is little hope." She hugged him to her wrapping her arms around his shoulders. Before she could say anything else screams could be heard wailing in agony. Letting Aithlin go she rushed to a window and stared in horror. The gates of the beautiful mountain city were engulfed in flames. She could see several balrogs pushing through the shattered walls, roaring as they crushed all in their path and an army of orcs and vampires behind them. She could even see the horrifying figure of Thuringwethil, a vampire general of Melkor. Spinning she grabbed her brothers hand and pulled him towards the door. " Come on we need to get to the stables, we can get you on a horse and away from here." She held no illusions she knew there was no way her beloved home would survive this new onslaught of terror from Melkor. " Wait, what about you? I'm not going to leave you here!" Aithlin shouted as they continued to race through the streets. She ignored him and continued to run only stopping when the building in front of her collapsed sending debris everywhere. She was flung to the ground stunned and felt her brothers hand wrenched from her grasp. She jerked herself to her feet ignoring the cuts and bruises along her form searching through the dust for her brother. She tripped and fell to the ground and stared in horror; her brother lay unmoving on the ground with his head at an odd angle. She knew he was dead and the large piece of stone covered in blood a few feet away gave her the cause. She sobbed and pulled him close to her rocking back and forth. " May Mandos welcome you swiftly into his halls and may you rest in peace away from this war torn land." She whispered closing his eyes. " Well, well, well what have we here an elleth crying on the ground, so sad. Shall I put you out of your misery and kill you now?" a mocking voice said from behind her. Slowly she turned and the blood turned to ice in her veins. Thuringwethil the Vampire stood before her blood dripping from his mouth and hands. She stood and drew her blades. By the valar, if she was going to die she would take this abomination with her! Thuringwethil chuckled before surging forwards, obviously expecting a quick end. She leaped to the side, spun and just managed to graze his side with the sword in her left hand. She quickly faced him again and spread her feet shoulder width apart, her right foot forward her left blade parallel to her right sword both horizontal to the ground with the left blade underneath the right. There was a growl of anger from Thuringwethil before he leaped at her rage in his eyes his fist slipped past her guard and caught her ribs as she was flung into the building behind her. She crawled from the rubble still holding her swords before she took a deep breath wincing at her now broken ribs. The fight continued for another four hours both giving and receiving wounds. Eruraviel was exhausted but continued, she had heard the enemy leave save a lone balrog above the mountain. Finally she managed to put her right blade though Thuringwethil's chest. He sputtered and coughed before giving her a nod of respect and his eyes closed and he slid off her blade to hit the ground dead. She continued to stand there panting, before she heard a scream from the balrog and turned just in time to see the flames extinguish and it turn to ash. She knelt on the ground for several minutes before she heard a soft sobbing coming from around the corner. She slowly climbed to her feet swaying slightly before making her way towards the source of the sound. She saw a small form huddle underneath a slab of stone, obviously terrified. Slowly kneeling to avoid aggravating her injuries she gently called out. " Penneth? The fight is over won't you come out? I would like to leave if you wish to come as well." She said softly. The little form slowly crawled out from under the rock and she smiled. The little elleth was about 3' tall with a blue tunic and dark grey leggings her undershirt was a white color but was now grey from the dirt and dust. She had blond hair and silver eyes and was adorable. She felt a pang of sadness at the loss of her brother before pushing forwards. " What is your name, little Elleth?" she asked kindly not wanting to scare the little one any more than she had been. " Mireth…"the she said. Eruraviel held out her hand and Mireth grabbed tightly still somewhat scared. ~Flashback End~ She had managed to find her horse or rather her horse found her. She was very glad she had done so since Gondolin horses were rare in that they lived as long as their riders did, bound to the faer of their rider. Her mare was about 16 hands at the withers she was ebony black except for her mane and tail which was a snowy white, a rare coloring. She had later found some refugees who were amazed at her having killed Thuringwethil and gave a small cheer at one more evil being gone from the world. She had also heard that Lord Glorfindel was the one to slay the leader of the balrogs, losing his life in the process. That had been the fight she had seen on the mountain. She handed over Mireth to her grateful naneth who had sobbed holding her daughter close. That had been over two ages ago and little had changed. She now rode around middle-earth on Arvellas. She was truly glad to have a lifelong companion to keep her company. Today she wore black leggings with the same bracers on her arms and legs, with a deep green tunic and a black cotton undershirt. Her swords were at her back crossed underneath her quiver which was still fully stocked along with a Gondolin bow. One of the surviving solders had given it to her upon hearing her plans to travel as thanks for killing Thuringwethil. She wished they didn't have such hero worship towards her but was glad that at least Lord Glorfindel would have it worse than her when he was released from Mandos halls. But he would still be in valinor so he would only have to deal with that crowd. She also had picked up a set of daggers from a dwarven settlement when she had helped them against a small army of orcs in the second age. They were made of mithril to match her swords with deep green hilt with ruby veins. They joked about how now nobody could say that they didn't belong to her, because of the coloring. The daggers were attached with one on each thigh. Sighing she decided to just ride and see where she went. She had just finished packing her stuff when she heard shouting coming from her left. She quickly threw the packs onto Arvellas unsheathed her swords. "Hide but stay close Mellon-nin" with a small whicker Arvellas trotted silently into the trees. Eruraviel jumped up into the trees and quickly made her way towards to party of orcs making the noise. She saw a band of 50 surrounding a captive form on the ground. Her eyes widened when she saw it was an elleth with shining silver hair. She watched as the orcs settle down for the night setting up a fire but making sure the elleth was tied to a tree securely. Eruraviel waited till the elleth come to and looked around quietly. When the elleth's gaze came close to her she slowly stuck her head up in clear view of the captured elleth's gaze. She saw clear blue eyes widen before a small smile appeared and disappeared. As night fell Eruraviel made her way through the trees slowly towards to bound elleth always out of sight. When the orcs finally passed out and the