Chapter One Prologue to Everything BELLA It was only five months ago that I met the Edward Cullen; billionaire, playboy, industrialist and ingenious engineer. Anything worth building, he made. Cullen Enterprise had made the best technologically advances of the latter known decade. So when I heard he was speaking at my little, relatively unknown college, I knew there was no place I would rather be. He was from Forks, which I knew was the only reason he was gracing us with his presence. Unfortunately, I had the worst timing in the world and moved to this tiny town only a month after he had left for Los Angeles… this was my chance. Every last person within a hundred mile radius came; his return to this town was all anyone could talk about. When he walked into the auditorium, silence drifted over the space. He had this commanding aura, it was infectious, sexy, and dangerous. I came earlier than when I thought most people would, yet, I still had to fight for my seat in the front row, I didn't dare to move after I had acquired it. I was entranced with every step he took as he glided across the stage. His scientific mind was amazing but, his body was sinful and the fitted suit he wore only made it that more obvious. I tried to fool myself into believing that I only admired him for his work, but that was a blatant lie. I had actually spent time today focused on my appearance; fitted pencil skirt, nice sheer blouse, and heels. However, apparently I was still underdress in comparison to all the other girls in the room. He went on and on about the harassing subject of cold fusion, not at all paying attention to any one person in particular. So, it came as a surprise when out of nowhere, he looked down, apparently to catch his last thoughts, but he caught my gaze instead. His green eyes pierced through me as if he could see every inch of my soul. I felt naked under his gaze, I could feel my nipples harden and I had to cross my legs just to fight off the warm pulsing between them. He made me wet with just a single look…he was every woman's kryptonite…he had to know it. He just had to. When he finally looked away, I couldn't remain seated in the room, not without doing something very rash that would no doubt get me tackled by the impressive looking security he had with him. I tried not to run; not just because I didn't want to draw attention to myself, but also because I could barely walk in heels as it was. The bathroom was my only escape; dropping my bag onto the counter, I splashed water on my face, trying my best to catch my breath. I couldn't believe how hot I had become from just one look, it was ten times hotter than any of the sex Jacob and I had ever had. As my blood pressure seemed to finally decline, I sat up against the counter. I was going to miss my chance with him. There was supposed to be some sort of cocktail hour afterwards, but I didn't think I could face him just yet, not after such a reaction that was a result from a simple glance. However, to my surprise, he walked in, dripping with lust, and forcing me to jump off the counter as I continued to stared at him in shock. His jacket was gone and his sleeves were rolled up as though he had just come back from a long day at work. "Was I really that bad?" He smirked like the devil himself, leaning against the dark red tiles of the bathroom. My mouth flapped open like fish and I couldn't even comprehend a single coherent thought; "How…I…you…shit. Shit. Umm." "Take your time, they won't be looking for me another twenty minutes." He reasoned, gazing at my feet and slowly making his way up to my breast, neck and lips. "This is the girls room." Fuck, is that all I can say? He nodded; "It is. I had to check two before getting here. A old woman slapped me but I had hoped you hadn't left just yet." "Why?" "I've never met a woman who could make me hard with a single stare and by heaven or hell, I had to make sure you felt it too…" "I didn't, sorry… I'm not whore." Even though I was dripping like one right now. "I never said you were and if that's the case, I will leave before I make an even bigger ass of myself." "No!" I shouted the moment he turned around. A single dark brown eyebrow raised, he glanced at me and once again the passion, that desire hit me…hit us, like a pulsing wave. Pushing off the door, he grabbed a hold of me. Lifting me onto the counter, he took my lips with his. His hands were everywhere and all I could do was wrap my legs around him and bury my hands in his soft hair. He bit my bottom lip before kissing down the side of my face and onto my neck. I could feel his cock through his pants, rubbing against my underwear…begging to be in me. "If this a dream, please don't wake me up." I didn't know what had taken a hold of me…of us, but there was no turning back. "I'm going to fuck you so hard there will be no denying how real this." He moans, shoving my skirt up before grabbing a hold of my black lacy underwear and ripping it off me. I pulled at his belt, yanking so hard that with every movement I was thrusted forward, over and over again and in return, I just got wetter and wetter. His huge hands grabbed a hold of my waist, picking me up and carrying me over to the bathroom door. He kissed the top of my chest before getting frustrated with my shirt. Slamming me against the door, he pinned me there with his lower body before ripping my shirt open. He gasped at the lacy bra I had on, pausing for only a second before he pulled it down and attacked my nipple. He sucked and bit all while I moaned like a whore in a girls bathroom of my college. "Please…please fuck me." "With pleasure." He snickered and with no warning whatsoever, he thrusted deeply inside of me…my head, and eyes rolled back against the door in pleasure. He was so big, so thick, and as he held me in place, sucking against my neck, he fucked me, hard. The door shook behind me as he punished the hell out of my pussy. "Harder." I moaned, holding his head between my breasts as he slammed in and out of me. Slam. Slam. Slam. "Faster." Gripping my ass, he bit in between my chest, the pain made my toes curl…I wasn't even sure when I had lost my shoes, but I didn't care…it hurt so good. "Fuck your pussy is so fucking tight." He moaned before taking my lips again and once he did, all I got was tongue and teeth. It was like he was trying to taste every corner of my mouth, it was rough and dirty, like our sex. "I'm coming…"I moaned, closing my eyes. "No." He hissed, grabbing my hair and forcing my eyes to meet his; "I want see your eyes when you cum." Gasping for air, holding on to the side of his face, I stared into his green eyes. When he exhaled, I breathed it in and vice-versa until I couldn't take it any more. "Fuck!" We both yelled and just like that, the Edward Cullen had fucked me. We stood there, him still inside of me and I still holding onto him for what seemed like forever. "What's your name?" He finally asked and the repercussions of what just happened sunk in. "Shit." I snapped, pushing him away and when he did, I looked at the thoroughly fucked whore in the mirror "Oh God, what the fuck did I just do?" He didn't seem too concerned, only pulling up his boxers and grabbing his belt; "Let me guess, you have a boyfriend?" "No. Yes. Shit, fuck? Aren't you engaged to some supermodel?" Not only was I whore, but I was a homewrecker too! He rolled his eyes; "Yes, I am, however, it's a marriage of convenience, nothing more." "I can't believe you just said that. You should go." I stated, quickly righting my bra. "Do you use all men like this or am I that special?" "No! I'm not this person and not in the fake oh my God I screwed a guy in the bathroom type. Not mention, an almost married man! I'm really not like this. Shit, I can't believe I just did this!" "I liked you better when you were moaning." He stated, stepping up behind me and I froze again, my breath catching in my throat. His hands brushed against my back and he kissed my collarbone, grabbing a hold of my breast once again. And because I was, as I'd recently established, a home wrecking whore, I leaned into him. "What is this?" He whispered into my ear; "I saw you staring at me and lust like I've never felt consumed me. I cut my speech short just after you left, because I had to find you. You possessed me with your bewitching brown eyes and I wasn't leaving until I had you…because I could…I knew I could. But never in my life have I ever wanted a woman more than once. Yet, all I can think about right now is when can I have you again…and I don't even know your name." His hand stopped to hold on to my neck; "Isabella…" "Isabella what?" "Isabella Swan." "I'm a very powerful man Isabella Swan…and I can offer you a lot…" "I'm no ones whore and I'm not for sale, please, just leave." I pleaded weakly, disgusted by my previous actions. "So you keep telling me, anything you want, it can be yours." "All for the low price of my vagina?" I asked sardonically. "I wouldn't mind your ass either." He snickered, meeting my gaze in the mirror grabbing a handful of my ass. "Yes, I'm engaged. Yes, this is sudden. But live a little. I know what it's like to live in this town. How the days go by in green nothingness. We can go anywhere; you can have anything, plus the best sex of your life…all with a single word. All I need is your discretion…and your body." Pulling out a card, he handed it to me; "It's my private line. This offer stands until midnight…call me and we can make certain arrangements Ms. Swan." Leaving his shirt on the counter for me, he opened the door, stepping out where who had to be his bodyguard stood waiting. That explained why no one attempted to come in. I stood there for about another hour before cleaning myself up and heading home. The walk from my college to my house was short. I had gotten into Yale, but there was no way I was going to be able to afford it, at least not with Charlie drinking most our money away. So, I was stuck in the wretched town for the foreseeable future. After my mother had died, so had he. He was physically still here, but mentally and emotionally, he was as absent as they came. My parents had been separated for years, but I knew he still loved her. Every night it was the same thing, him yelling at me in rage. It was my fault he said… I was the straw that broke her. She couldn't handle being a mother and a wife. I didn't want this dead end