The Altruistic Favorite: Sassafras "Sassy" Hemlocke, District One, Year 384 An eighteen-year-old's fate is determined in the early hours of the morning, before her district has really begun to stir. Dark clouds line the horizon and seem to hang down from the sky, looming and ominous and heavy. Lightning dances between them, and the low rumble of thunder crackles from the distance. Compact raindrops slam into the first surface they meet, running down her smooth glass window and soaking into the yard's soil below. Sassy stirs when her room is illuminated in a flash, dark and light and dark again. It is Reaping Day, and it is raining, and she lives in District One. This year, one of their tributes will do well—very well, if the severity of the storm is any indication—and in the half-conscious, bleary part of her mind, she is determined that the tribute will be her. Her blanket sags onto the floor, and she grabs for it blindly, giving up with a sigh and settling back down, dark brown eyes closing. She pushes herself upright, and one thought enters her mind in what would be a blind moment of panic, if she wasn't a Career, if she wasn't above that , if she did not have all of the odds in her favor. This is the last time I'll sleep in this bed. It's there and gone, and then she's scrambling to get up before that sinks in, already reaching for a light switch. . . . In a different neighborhood, her best friend sleeps peacefully, oblivious to the storm. In the fourth district, a girl watches sand sink between her fingers and fall into the sea. A boy in Five is watching data fly across a screen, and in Seven a tiny slip of a girl swings an ax half as big as she is. A Nine boy of seventeen treads deliberately through the forest, searching for prey, and an artist in Eleven takes a step back from her drawing. None exactly know what is about to hit them. . . . Sassy's hands tremble as she dresses, smoothing down the layers of her white skirt, fixing the collar of her pink blouse. She looks up at the mirror of her closet door, and sees that her hair is still all-askew and she's gone so pale it almost exactly matches her skin tone. She grabs a brush off her night table and painfully tries to work out all the tangles. Minutes later, she almost trips down the last few steps heading to the kitchen, buzzing with nervous, excited energy. Across the table is the lavish breakfast her mother's prepared to celebrate her volunteering, and right now, she already has a stomachache just looking at it. But she smiles, and says, "Morning," and sits down. Her grandmother sits at the table as well; it's just the three of them. She gets a plate shoved in her direction, and a kiss to the top of her head from her mother. "Morning, dear. You look lovely." "Thanks," she says. "Yes, so grown up," says Grandmother, as Sassy waits for a nod from her mother to start taking food from the platters. She thinks it's just polite, even though everyone else says it seems an act of timidity. She makes a mental note to not do it in the Capitol. But what'll they think of me, then? "Big day ahead—eat up." "It looks delicious," she says, even though she feels nauseated. She takes toast, pancakes, hash browns, bacon, and a glass of orange juice and of milk. They're rich, but not this rich, so Sassy assumes this is because of the event to come. The lights flicker with another clap of thunder that makes her cringe. She can't act scared like that in the Capitol or the arena, either. . . . In the Capitol, a man named Lucius Cromwell examines the final arena holographic-map. The shape of a teardrop tilted slightly to the left, mountains all around the edges and a range of them filling up the thin section, a waterfall and lake to the right side of the entrance to the main area, and the Cornucopia further down and to the left of that. It's all beautiful, mysterious, and deadly. More deadly than the tributes may ever know. . . . Sassy signs her name on the clipboard with more flourish than usual, and then makes her way towards the eighteen-year-old section, huddled under an umbrella. But she spots two twelve-year-olds on the way who are shivering and wet without an umbrella of their own like most of the crowd has. Their dresses are old-looking, their faces hungry. They are a rarity in One, but that doesn't mean they don't exist at all. "Hey!" Sassy calls after them, and they don't hear. "Hey!" Now they turn around. She holds out the umbrella to them. "Here—go on, take it. I'm volunteering, I'll be up on the stage, out of the rain, so you need it more than I do." They stare at her. "Go on." She presses the handle into the taller girl's hand. "Thank you," says the smaller one, and Sassy nods. "No problem." But she's already soaked through with rain. She keeps walking towards the eighteen-year-old section, hoping the body heat of the mass will help warm her up. It does, some. She glances across the aisle at Clyde, her best friend, her future enemy. He will be stepping up to be a tribute as well. The thought of watching him kill scares her. The thought of watching herself kill scares her more. . . . In District Seven, the little girl tries to put on a brave face as her hazel eyes fly wide in terror when her name is called, while in District Ten, Fodder Tacke races forward to volunteer when they call out the name of his cousin. "I volunteer, I volunteer as tribute!" he screams, but Sassy and Clyde in District One don't hear it. . . . The time between her stepping up and now, sitting in the Remake Center, was a blur of not knowing who she was talking to, what to say, how to act, where and when to go somewhere. She said her "goodbye" and her "don't worry about me, I'll make you proud" and her "I love you" and she met her mentor and escort and stylist and prep team. She didn't really sleep while on the train. Now, she's tired, but lets the team fuss over the flow of her dress. It is a pretty one, she has to admit, strapless, a simple white first layer covered in more translucent sheets of gold, shimmering fabric. The shoes match, as does a sort of tiara in her hair, wrestled into curls, and an elaborate necklace dangling around her neck. They've made her look beautiful for tonight, even if she doesn't feel like she is. She watched the Reapings, saw the faces of the parents whose children she's about to kill…. But she can't tell the prep team any of that, can she? Sassy goes down to the stable and meets the Careers from District Two and District Four—the ones from Two, well, they scare her a bit, and the boy from Four is somewhat the same, but his thoughtful district partner, she likes. They get on the chariots. The crowd loves her. . . . In her home, her mother and grandmother watch her with teary eyes and clenched hands. "Our little Sassy's gotten big on us," they say, and they are proud. They are honored to know her, maybe to "have" known her, because they know their sweet, innocent little girl isn't going to come back out of the arena the same, (if she does). There will be blood on her pale hands, and memories she can't escape. But she'll live. They are certain of it. . . . After the ceremonies, Sassy's tribute team is full of praise for her, and for Clyde, and for their allies. Clyde gives her a squeeze of the hand, platonic, friendly, reassuring. They go back upstairs and eat dinner and watch the recap and then she goes to bed, but again, she doesn't sleep. Instead, she cries. She thinks of her allies, who she doesn't want to kill, doesn't want to see die right in front of her. She's eighteen and she still refuses to step on the stray spider, let alone plunge a sword into a child. What made this seem like a good idea? Why was her honor more important than another kid's life ? She sobs, muffled into the cool, silky sheets that the Capitol has provided. They think she is brave, and strong, and bold, but really, she's scared. She feels like she might fall apart the second she gets into the arena, or when she stands in a group with the other tributes—no, kids—tomorrow. Some of them are six years younger than her, and she is scared. How could they feel? Her mother, and her grandmother… they were afraid to let her go. And she is older, and trained, and prepared in the senses that she can be. There are others not so lucky. . . . In the cover of night, the boys from District Nine, District Ten, and District Five ally, defying the norms of an alliance of the District Nine tributes and of Five tributes going at it alone. Their mentors aren't sure what to make of it. Those are the two alliances of the Games—it's them versus the Careers, for now. Maybe the others don't really stand a chance. . . . By lunch, she's tired, and it's only halfway through the day. Her training sessions at home were more energy-consuming than this. Why does she feel so worn out? She decides it's due to emotion, and a lack of sleep. Yes, that has to be it, because it can't just be her being out of shape. But it still means that she is weak. She puts on her most charming smile and chats with the girl from Four. After the meal, the group compromises by going to the trapping station. Sassy hates the image that the instructor paints in their minds of a little twelve-year-old strangling to death right in front of them in a noose, attempting to scream. She feels like she might throw up the lunch, but she doesn't. She's strong. She's a Career. She still has these Games. Because she has to. There is no other option. There's no second place or second chances. You win, or you die. There is room only for one victor. It has to be her. She is terrified of what happens otherwise, too terrified for it to actually happen, because the world just can't work that way, can it? Who would be so cruel to sentence her to an eternity suffering for her kills? That's what she's going to get even if she wins, though. Or maybe she'll go down early enough she will have nothing to repent for. No. She can't think like that. . . . In the same day, the alliance of boys heads to every survival skill station, deciding that tomorrow will be weapons, the day after that, the coordination and agility stations. The girl from Seven shows off with an axe and then heads for climbing. The Eleven artist wanders as she pleases at a variety, happy at camouflage for most of the first afternoon; she seems almost like she's in a trance. The tributes from Twelve show no skill at anything they attempt, and the ones from Three pick up on skills quickly but have trouble executing them. The boy from Six hides in the corner of the room at the water purifying station, and there are a few girls that spend most of the day at trapping other than the time the Careers are there. Because, well, they scare everyone, not just Sassy.