007. (and the sky falls into burning flames) And there's that tender, almost playful way that he loops an arm around her shoulders, murmuring something with his lips against her hair, and how she smiles just as he starts to turn away and the camera flash goes off. Their photographer walking away and fading into the party's crowd, she tilts into him more, his arm slipping lower. "Well," he says finally; "the Tour could be going worse, at this point." She looks up at him for a second longer than he thinks this deserves, then blinks, reaches up to fix his suit collar with one hand. "Yes," she says, a bit suspicious, a bit questioning. He doesn't answer right away, instead throwing a quick, fleeting glance towards the invisible barrier between them and the festivities. He seems to tense at something. Then, slowly, measured: "I think," his words begin, "we should be joining the guests of honor. Shall we?" Those familiar, calm eyes of his fix on a point in the distance, and he lets go of her, only to twine up their fingers and squeeze her hand, suddenly closer. His thoughts still come too slowly to really process, blurred by exhaustion and too many hours staring absently into firelight. They slip into the crowd mostly unnoticed, weaving between whoever is important enough to be invited. He seems set on something, and she doesn't know what that is, isn't sure he knows, himself. It's not really joining the guests of honor, and they both know that. But when he nearly runs into someone they don't recognize and apologizes, he seems to get lost for a second. "What is it?" she mumbles finally, half against his cheek. "What?" "You're looking for something—" they're walking again, a bit more aimless "—or someone." "Nothing in particular," he says, a bit dismissively, and she stops, turns to stand in front of him. "Cinna." "Sorry, sweetheart." He lets go of her hand, uses it to hold her still while he kisses her instead. She pulls away first, and watches him. "Just overthinking some things." "As usual." He nudges her shoulder; she rests her head against him for a few seconds, listening to his faint heartbeat, feeling the steady rise and fall of his breathing, his warmth. She turns into him a bit more. "Fine." He tangles his fingers through her hair, stroking his hand through it. They shuffle somewhat out of the way of a group of people trying to make their way past them, his grip on her instinctively becoming more protective. He stops. It's funny, he thinks, how obsessive he is about her now. He'd never thought of himself as the type of person to be interested in love before. It wasn't that he was a cold person, but that he liked being alone enough, and couldn't imagine being so comfortable with someone. (Then he met her, their second year of college.) It started off so simple it was complicated—one of his friends had roped him into going to a party, one of those , where it was at someone's house, practically a mansion, he'd thought, and every ounce of sound became a solid wall of noise against his ears, lights nearly blinding him. He hadn't heard good things about the guy throwing the party, not at all. So he wandered around, alone, and tried to find ways to pass the time. There were tables set up all over the place, but there were none empty. The one closest to it was in the corner of the main room by a window that looked out on a nearby parking lot. One person: her. He asked if he could sit down, she said yes, and he did. He'd sat there alternating between staring at a blank page of his sketchbook and out the window at the streetlights, while she had glanced at him repetitively over the top of her homework binder, dark hair purposefully falling into her eyes. He vaguely recognized her from school— "We should move," she suggests now, pulling away from him, and he nods. They do. —But he didn't have any particular memories of her, except in a few of the design classes. So he asked her about that, and didn't miss the way she jumped when he first spoke up, eyes widening a bit, almost like she was scared. They talked about the latest homework for far too long until the party-thrower—Luke, he would find out his nickname was later—dragged her out to a dance floor further away. She didn't look happy to go with him. He would find out about that later. They talked a lot, later that night, after they were both more tired and relaxed. She told him about how her parents wanted to have at least one perfect child, and that was supposed to be her sister, but she decided to become a Peacekeeper and got assigned to District Twelve and ended up marrying one of the town boys and staying there. So it became her responsibility instead, and later that meant having the rich, "handsome" boyfriend (whose eyes were a scary shade of blue that artificially glowed ) that she didn't want: Lucius Cromwell. Who, although she would never say the word, he found out, was abusive. But their parents wanted them to be in love, so to them, they were. He liked her, he decided, a lot, really. She was kind, and smart, and sweet, and pretty, ( and talented and hard-working and— ) maybe she'd been hurt before but she didn't seem so broken yet, strong. (Maybe.) In the early hours of the morning, when he thought that he really needed to get back to his dorm for homework and class, he'd said something vague and asked if they could meet again sometime. (They couldn't, but.) She said yes; it'd gone from there— Now he starts to guide them through the sea of people, suggesting they go outside for a breath of fresh air. It is stuffy in the room, but that doesn't seem to be what he's concerned about. They reach the doors where there are Peacekeepers stationed—and that makes him a bit sick to his stomach—then proceed out into a garden typical of District Eleven. There are more Peacekeepers just outside the gate marking the perimeter. It's cool out, but it has nothing on the cold in Twelve or the Capitol. There are stars clearly visible, a refreshing sight since they live in the light-up metropolis of the city, which is never still, never quiet, never peaceful like this. She sighs. "Isn't it beautiful here?" "It is." His hands move to smooth the fabric of her dress. "Almost wish we could stay," she says, slightly wistful. (Of course, she would.) He's silent. They can't, and she must know that. But there had been a lot of things in their past that they weren't supposed to be able to do, either, that they had. This probably won't be one of them, no matter what they want. "I know," she adds. "We can't." He nods a bit stiffly. He thinks that maybe they are young and in love, but it's hard to tell which would be easier to deny. They're too logical for either. It's the world they live in, and what it's done to them, and what it's done to Katniss and Peeta and even Haymitch. He twines up their hands again and stays quiet. —They were both intolerable to live with for most people, they found, and so became roommates for their junior year, the perfect match. They started almost spending too much time together, enough that Luke gave up on the act, and the friend that had convinced him to go to that party stopped speaking to him, because he only had attention for her. He'd just started thinking about her too much, found conversations with her going on in his head when he was unfocused in class, stopped caring so much about anything else. It took a longer time for things to start going the romantic route—they had graduated, become stylists for the Games, and they were close but they both still had problems with trust ; she was still jumpy, and still afraid, and still hurt so easily, delicate. And beside that, he kept thinking that he had to find the conspiracy going on in the Capitol that his parents had died for, leaving him with the strict and hateful grandparents, but he didn't want to drag her in with him. He couldn't do that to her, couldn't hurt her like that, couldn't betray her trust. Their relationship was a bit strange at that point, he thought. His protectiveness over her could've been taken to be something almost like the relationship of siblings, but it went just a tad too far for that. He would always come up with different excuses for it, said he was discouraging her from being outside late at night by herself because she would "become ill", or that he only spent half of his nights in her room instead of his because the window's view was more inspiring (when in reality, he was watching her sleep, waiting for the flashback-nightmares to wake her)— "It was just a thought," she says, about the idea of staying in Eleven. He wishes for a second that she would let the conversation go. "Hmm. Should we head back inside?" "All right." He tightens his grip on her and they go back in, and he thinks that he didn't realize just how cool it actually was outside until they're back in the warmth of the room. One of the members of Peeta's prep team, Perdita, approaches them, looking somewhat delirious. "Isn' it l've'y h're?" Perdita stumbles around over her own feet, probably drunk, he thinks, but still speaking with ever-so-slight coherence. "Just marvelous, " she says, dry, amused. Perdita starts to stumble away. "N'ce t' see ya two." They muffle their laughter into each other, unconcerned, and then he suggests that they go find some food, and she agrees. —When their relationship had taken a different turn, it was when they were still working on their tributes' outfits, rough sketches and bad ideas as jokes, especially as it got later and later at night. They had a theme in mind, but hadn't been able to come up with anything else, were waiting for inspiration to hit. There was a mostly burned-out fire in front of them, but neither of them was in the mood to get off the couch and relight it. It was fairly cool in the apartment—the Games would be in the summer and they were six months out—so they were sharing a quilt, her head on his shoulder. And he was overthinking how this situation would be looked at from an outsider, which was the same view that maybe he wanted to be the right one. Maybe? Who was he kidding; it was definitely what he wanted. He sat there, tense, and debated with himself for several minutes. He would never force anything on her, and he didn't want them to have a relationship like that, would never even want to consider doing something that might hurt her, and tried to shove the thought away, even as she looked up at him with those wide gray eyes through her eyelashes, and asked what was wrong, sweet, innocent, and he'd finally given in to temptation. He leant close to her, pushing her hair away from her face, and stopped for a second, letting their lips just barely touch to see that she wasn't backing away, pressed closer, let himself kiss her like he'd wanted to for so long, and it felt good to give in, to let his eyes fall shut and feel her lips move against his, to feel her against him like this— They settle into a booth table off to the side, with limited food, but enough, and she slumps against him while