Hello everyone! If you're just joining us, I would recommend going back and reading "The Observer," the story that precedes this one. It's probably not entirely necessary in terms of figuring out what's going on, but it does bring you to where our heroine and hero are in terms of jobs, relationships, and emotional development. In terms of a timeline, I would put this one at a few months after the end of "The Observer," specifically, around Christmas. Higher rating for this one - some very graphic content in terms of crime scenes and violence, some sexual content. One of our principal griefs comes from our rivals in love. But you must not let yourself imagine a rival, Better believe she lies all by herself in her bed. When Hermione left to become the bride of another, Then Orestes' love burst into passionate flame. Menelaus could sail, alone, to Crete without Helen; Why should he grieve over that? He could be absent for long. When Paris carried her off, that was a different story. Through another man's love, he realized the depth of his own. - From "The Remedies for Love" by Ovid "Investigator Malfoy!" Draco's head whipped around to see who addressed him from across the row of desks in the MLE offices. Under normal conditions, the sight of Harry Potter approaching him while grinning like a loon would have him backing up and raising his wand in self-defense. But Potter looked so ebullient, he settled for a loose grip of his wand's base inside its holster. "Auror Potter," he said cautiously. "The Weasley girl accepted your proposal of marriage again?" The Boy-Who-Lived-Quite-High-on-the-Hog simply threw back his head and laughed. "A good guess, but not quite. A wonderful day to you!" Draco watched in confusion as Potter bounced off in the direction of the Aurors' Department. "Right," he said to no one in particular. "Okay, then." After roughly three years in the Investigations Department, Draco was more or less accepted by the members of his office. Whether this meant that they'd back him up in an argument, or admit to being civil to him outside of the department, he didn't know. What he did know was that the crude drawings and etchings on his desk had disappeared, that his appearance wasn't a cause for hostile stares and frowns, and that he even warranted an invite to the department's functions. So when he worked his way through the department to his office, he nodded at and was nodded to by several receptionists, was greeted jovially by Oddsbodds in the corridor, and thanked Mullaney for the "There's Christmas cookies in the break room" tip. The new faces in the department, however, were still apt to be unfriendly or downright challenging. Case in point: Benjamon Butterfield, who shared the office with himself and Hermione. An evidence specialist, Benjamon rarely went out in the field with them, busy as he was in the department's laboratory. The little Christmas wreath that Hermione had crafted was still hanging on the door, so Benjamon hadn't pulled it down in a fit of temper. He poked his head into the office warily. No Benjamon, just Hermione, quill trailing over the parchment of her report in a dreamy fashion. "Oh, good. Butterfield's not here." Hermione looked up at the sound of his voice, beaming like a star. "No, we're all very lucky this morning," she grinned. Draco blinked. "Is this catching? Potter sailed by me this morning looking like he's high on something. His own sense of self-importance, I'd guess." "No, let's play the game. Me first." Not long after they'd become Investigative partners, they'd begun this game to keep themselves sharp. Played during their morning greetings or during coffee breaks, they challenged each other to find one new thing about the other person, or several things about the people they observed during coffee breaks. It kept them amused, kept them observant, and led to an embarrassing personal revelation every once in a while, so it was somewhat worth it, Draco supposed. "Right now?" he asked, furrowing his brow while shrugging off his cloak. "Right now," she confirmed, still smiling. "I'll start. Your father was left-handed." Draco blinked, pausing in the act of hanging his cloak behind the door. "That's right," he said, a bit surprised. "But that's not an observation about me, and you could have remembered that from any of your previous…run-ins with him." Hermione smiled like a cat with the cream. "It is, and I'll explain," she replied. "You're right-handed, but you wear your watch on that same right hand. Most people don't wear their watch on their dominant hand – unless one of their parents has a different dominant hand. In that case, they might wear the watch on their dominant hand – like you do." Draco sank into his chair, eyebrows still raised. "Impressive. How long have you been holding onto that one?" "A little while," she admitted, tossing her braid over her shoulder, "but I needed to use a really good one today." "Why's that?" Draco asked, unscrewing the lid of his coffee thermos. "Same reason Potter looks like he's high on a Cheering Charm?" "Probably," she returned, folding her arm to prop up her chin. "Go ahead and guess, then." "Let a man drink his coffee, Hermione. You know I'm useless without the first sip." "Fine," she huffed, looking put out, "but if you don't guess this one straight away, I'm going to start to doubt your ability as an Investigator." Draco purposefully took a long sip, humming in exaggerated delight at the coffee's taste, while Hermione continued to stare at him in a way that made him slightly uneasy. He took another sip, turning to face her, when the glint of shining metal, like a warning beacon, caught his eye. Draco's stomach gave a hard lurch, as if he'd been caught in a malfunctioning lift. He choked, thumped himself on the chest, and managed a hard swallow that felt like knives in his throat. "You're engaged," he rasped. "To Weasley, I'm guessing?" Hermione broke out into a radiant grin. Everything about her seemed to be shining – eyes, hair, skin, teeth. She tossed a crumpled piece of parchment at his head playfully. "Of course it's Ron. Who else would it be?" Anyone else , he thought, but did not say. "Congratulations," he said, because it was the polite thing to do. "How did he ask you?" Hermione's smile slipped the tiniest bit – an observation he would keep to himself. "He took me out to dinner at the Leaky Cauldron, then he jumped up on top of the bar and shouted it out. Everybody started cheering. It'll be nice to be engaged for Christmas." Her cheeks pinked as she spoke. "He didn't get down on a knee?" Draco asked, allowing the surprise into his voice. "No," Hermione replied, and continued, in a more defensive tone, "I don't really hold with that old tradition, anyway." Draco thought this was the singularly most unromantic proposal that he'd ever heard of. For one thing, a man went down on his knee to a woman as a sign of respect, as an acknowledgement that she did him the honor, not the other way round. For another, proposals before an audience were manipulative. If one proposed to a woman in a secluded area, it meant that the words were for her ears alone, and gave her all the power. It showed that the man was placing himself in her hands. Proposing in a busy area with a cheering crowd meant that the man was willing to use public pressure as a way to get the woman to say yes. What else could she say with the fear of disappointing a crowd who would undoubtedly report the details to the Daily Prophet ? "Ah," he said, lightly flicking away her defense. "I'll bet it's in the Prophet. Have you two set a date?" "Not yet," Hermione said, examining her ring once again. "I'm thinking in the fall, but we'll have to figure that out soon. You're invited, of course." Draco smiled, a practiced motion, before flicking his gaze away to the morning's reports. "Of course," he replied, turning so that she couldn't see his face. "You'll have to get registered somewhere and tell me." Lighter than a wisp of silk, Hermione reached out and brushed her hand against his. He stilled at the touch, every point in his body suddenly concentrated on the small patch of skin that she was in contact with. "I'd ask you to stand for me," she said in a rush, "but Ron's got so many brothers, and Harry's standing as best man for him, and we need to keep it small, and I didn't think you would want to be in the feminine side of the entourage." Draco also supposed that the sheer number of Weasleys would mean that they would dominate the decision-making in this wedding. Very daring, he brushed her fingers back with his own. "Hermione, I'm touched, I really am. Maid-of-honor, though, should really go to the youngest Weasley – she'll fill out the dress far better than I ever would." Hermione smiled warmly at him, and the cool band of her ring stung against his skin as she withdrew her hand. When his face was hidden from Hermione's view, under the guise of searching for a file in his desk drawer, his face pinched, and he rubbed at the crinkle of skin formed by the furrowing of his brow. A few moments later, he unbent himself, composed, and began surveying the day's reports in from the Analysis branch. He could hear the scratch of Hermione's quill against her parchment, meaning that she'd gone back to her work. Minutes and a few more sips of coffee later, Oddsbodds burst into their office. "Oh, good, I'm not interrupting wedding chatter. You two are needed in Little Flagley. Initial reports are of a potions accident, one dead, one taken to hospital," he fired out. "Congratulations, by the way, Miss Granger." "Thank you, sir," Hermione piped up in a small voice. "You can Floo in to the Flagpole Pub, or you can Apparate in the square, and follow the hullabaloo," he continued, as if Hermione had not spoken. "I'll be along shortly." Thank Merlin . Now he'd have someone else's woes to distract him. Hermione, he noted absently, had removed her new ring before they Flooed into the little pub, and he felt something in his shoulders relax. The pub itself, however, was in an uproar. Their arrival seemed only to complicate things, as people correctly began to interpret their arrival as a new development. "Excuse us, excuse us," Hermione said softly, trying to get through the crowd and duck any questions. Draco just scowled and pushed, since the crowd should know better than to delay them in getting to the scene. The crowd eventually parted enough to let them out into the crisp winter air. Draco had only ever been to Little Flagley on Investigations business, and doubted that he would ever be back on anything but business. The town was quaint enough, if that sort of thing appealed. But aside from a small collection of wizarding shops, a wishing well, and a small cemetery, it was a far cry from the bustle of Diagon Alley or even Hogsmeade. This town seemed to appeal to those who wanted a quiet, private life. There was no question of where the trouble was – if the crowd gathered outside the small cottage wasn't clue enough, the purple smoke emanating from an open window would have attracted some attention. "Is that toxic, or is something burning?" Hermione asked, as they broke into a jog over the crunching snow. "Dunno," he called back, then spotted the familiar swinging black cloaks. "Look, there's the squad." They pushed through the gathered crowd, past the secured line, and before the eyes of a familiar squad member. "Hello,