They really shouldn't be here. Hermione inhaled on a shuddering gasp as Draco's fingertips skidded along her side, pressing against her shoulder blades, warm palms between her and the chilled stone of the Astronomy Tower. His lips on hers slowed slightly as she could feel him purposely and remorselessly working at the back clasp of her brassiere. They had had to pause earlier, as the Bloody Baron clanked up and down the stairs of the tower, but their swollen lips were testament to snatched moments in between. She really shouldn't be doing this with him. She would become a pariah in the Gryffindor House; her friends would disown her if they knew. Well, perhaps not disown her, but she would be pushed out of all confidences, no longer a completely trusted member of their tight circle. Not that the circle was particularly tight at the moment, but Hermione did want to maintain her friendship with Harry. Ron still annoyed her too much to stay in his company for long. It wasn't that she still fancied him – a boy who could toy with her affections like that was certainly not fanciable - it was the way that he thought he could pick her up and drop her at a moment's notice and think that she would take his behavior with cheerful good humor. But Draco - with his shared silence and midnight confidences, with eyes that both begged and demanded her attention – he was a temptation that could not be denied. The Astronomy Tower, favorite haunt of Hogwarts lovers, had been where she'd found him that first time, leaning on the icy railing, looking down at the ground below with a hungry look on his face that frightened her. She had approached him cautiously – she wasn't convinced of Harry's theory, but didn't doubt that he could strike like a viper when cornered. To her surprise, he backed away from the railing immediately, no wand in his hand, but a suspicious look on his face. "Potter's finally realized a Mudblood's only true use – as a spy," he muttered hollowly, the wit there, but the spirit behind it gone. "Not that you've really got a knack for it." "I'm up here to expose these lionfish scales to moonlight," Hermione replied tonelessly. Then her expression changed. "You weren't going to…to jump, were you?" He blinked owlishly, and Hermione's stomach gave an odd twist as he stepped forward a pace, into moonlight that gilded, softened his rather angular features. "No," Draco said softly, looking at her closely, curiously. "Wouldn't solve my problems, and anyway, I wouldn't give you and your dimwit pals the pleasure." "It wouldn't be a pleasure," she said stiffly. "Look, you're horribly rotten to me. But you're not worthless. There's something of value in you…besides your blood." "So," she continued briskly, opening her bag and turning her face from his bewildered gaze. "You'd best start wearing thick socks if you keep considering the easy way out, because the moment you tip over the railing, my Mudblood hands will be grabbing your ankles." He gave a short, surprised bark of laughter, and Hermione began laying out her dish and bag of scales, carefully tipping them all to one side, the better to catch the moonlight. A few minutes later, she glanced up, and saw him in the same position she'd left him, staring at her without focus. Hermione shifted, feeling the reassuring shape of her wand pressing at her side. She waved her hand in an up-and-down motion, attempting to break his gaze. "Are you all right? You looked a thousand klicks away." She expected some nasty retort, but he just turned on his heel, disappearing into the shadows of the tower. Hermione cocked her head, listening as the sound of his steps faded and was eventually overtaken by the clanking chains of the Bloody Baron, as he made his rounds through the tower. She'd come back the next night, and he wasn't there. But the night after that, when the first of her fish scales began to turn the right shade of deep blue, he was there, leaning tensely against the railing, looking pensively into the Forbidden Forest. Hermione checked at this, but continued forward. Draco turned to watch her walk nearby, but she said nothing, suddenly suspicious that he might have tampered with her scales. "Aren't you going to ask me if I'm going to jump?" he asked, a bit caustically. "No," Hermione replied, brushing back her hair from her face as she bent over her work, examining the bruise-like coloration on some of the scales. "I warned you once. If you're not wearing thick socks, you're going to have to make the decision of whether or not to chop off your feet at the ankle afterward." Draco grinned, his teeth pearlescent in the moonlight. Unbidden, her mother's advice – Marry a man with good teeth. It says a lot about him – flitted through her mind. "Granger, you've got a sense of humor," he said, looking amused. "Who knew?" "Very few," she replied casually, keeping him in the corner of her eye. "It's a well-kept Gryffindor secret; like there are times of the day when Ron isn't hungry, and Lavender Brown actually knows which end of her wand to hold." Draco snorted, and the sound ended in a deep chuckle. Hermione risked a glance at him and saw that his entire posture had changed. Where he had once been rigidly focused on what she surmised was a horrible thought or memory (his father was in Azkaban, after all), he was now relaxed, his joints looser, his body turned in her direction, away from the precipice of the tower. He had even moved a bit closer, leaning against the iron astrolabe at the center of the balcony. "So tell me," she continued, uncorking a flask of acacia juice and adding it to the scales, "what secrets does Slytherin hold closely? Can Pansy Parkinson operate without a boyfriend? Does that Blaise Zabini have wives one, two, and three already picked out?" Again, Draco laughed, and she studied the sound. Hermione reminded herself that he was laughing at an insult to his own friends – then remembered that she'd just made fun of Ron – but then, after his behavior with her and Lavender, Ron didn't count for these purposes. "Parkinson can operate without a boyfriend," he replied, giving her that disarming smile (not a sneer). "The problem with her is that she considers blokes boyfriends who haven't really accepted that title. Zabini…well, he plays things close to the vest. Certainly every girl in Slytherin with a good inheritance gives him a wide berth for that reason." Hermione giggled, then touched her lips, shocked at herself. She glanced up at Draco, who looked pleased with himself at her reaction. "Any other secrets you're keen on sharing?" he asked, relaxing his neck so that his head rested on the column behind it. Hermione's eyes lingered there momentarily, before she reprimanded herself for forgetting who he was. "None," Hermione said, "unless, of course, there are secrets that you're keen on sharing?" The change was immediate, and Draco dropped his eyes from her, almost fearfully, turned, and walked away. But he came back other nights. Sometimes she wondered if he wasn't suffering from a wasting illness, given his generally haggard appearance and new-found ability to talk somewhat civilly. Perhaps he was talking to her because he couldn't talk to anyone who, if they told, would be taken seriously. Or perhaps she was making it up in her head. She thought he must be concealing something, but she doubted it was anything along the lines of what Harry imagined. Every night, it seemed that he drew a bit closer, or looked a bit more relaxed in her presence. Once or twice, she walked onto the balcony to see him slumped against a column in the door's direction – almost as if he had been waiting and watching for her. Hermione began to feel a bit like someone feeding a wild animal, bringing it gradually closer and closer to her, without an idea of what would happen when he got close enough for her to touch. He amused her with an observance on Snape (she'd never thought he would insult his favorite professor). She made him chuckle at the observation that the new Slytherin Seeker kept going to the hospital wing for Bludger-related injuries. The conversation was light, never touching on sensitive topics. Hermione wondered why he hadn't ever destroyed her store of lionfish scales curing in the moonlight – it would have forced her to seek another place to put them. He continued to run into her (meet her?) on the Astronomy Tower – most nights without fail. The visits weren't long, and they often included a snipe at each other. She knew though, with a feeling that made her squirm uncomfortably, that she could just have easily found another place for her scales without running into him. Every night though, her feet turned in the direction of the Astronomy Tower without fail. On her way back to the Gryffindor Tower one night close to the end of the semester, Harry came charging down the corridor, white-faced and brandishing his wand. " To arms! To arms! Charge! " crowed a tinny voice from behind him. "Are you all right?" he wheezed, ignoring Sir Cadogan and several monks he was attempting to chivvy into action. "The Map…Malfoy…Astronomy Tower…" "What?" Hermione asked, bewildered for a moment. "Oh, yes. Malfoy was up there." She glanced at the portrait. "It's all right, Sir Cadogan. No battle." The knight saluted her with his lance before riding out of the portrait. "I saw you on the Marauder's Map," Harry continued, his breath back. "I thought he might…I dunno…but he's up to something, and you've never been in his good books." "Considering the company in his good books, I doubt I'd want to be," Hermione said lightly, steering him back towards the Gryffindor Tower. "But no, he was just standing up there. Looked like he might pitch himself over the edge, frankly, but he left me alone." "What were you doing up there?" Harry asked, eyes narrowing just a tad, and she was sure, conjuring up an image of her with some boy other than Ron. Hermione fought back a scowl. Evidently, Ron could break a promise to her and run off with a prettier girl, but Hermione was expected to stay faithful to him no matter what. She held up an empty potion bottle and a few collected lionfish scales. "Soaking lionfish scales in the moonlight with a few different potions. Hagrid's worried about that Acromantula of his, and I've been working with a few ideas. There's not much in the way of health tonics for spiders." She hoped he wouldn't hold up his Cliffs Notes-version of a Potions text as a possible solution – she wasn't certain whether she'd take that assistance or not, when Hagrid looked so miserable all the time. "I wonder why," Harry murmured sarcastically, then returned to his obsession. "Malfoy didn't say anything?" "We traded a few insults. Mostly we ignored each other," Hermione replied, shrugging, feeling reluctant to tell Harry that she'd joked around with his rival. "But he's been there on some past nights. Never with someone." "Huh." Harry considered this for a moment while they waited for a line of ghosts to pass. "Was he signaling someone? Looking for something?" "He wasn't doing anything that I could tell," she replied, getting tired of the conversation. "But I'll have to go up there most nights to keep working on the tonics. If he's up there again, I'll keep an eye on him. It'll free you up to do homework, rather than stalking Malfoy." To her relief, Harry brightened at this. "You'll be all right?" "I may not have earned an Outstanding in DADA or have the help of a book with all