There is a reason intelligence operatives have a hard time making friends. It's the way he bursts into her motel room in Sydney, demanding her help while she's trying to shake off the shell-shock of having her wand snapped, her name blackened because of what must have been a mistake (she's no traitor), her natural magical abilities almost fully denied her. "Morning, Granger." The casual greeting jerks Hermione awake. Of all the people in the world, Draco Malfoy is the last person she expected to see perched tailor-fashion at the foot of her motel bed. "The hell are you doing here?" Hermione jerks the sheet up to her collarbone, aware that she'd only shucked off her outer clothing before collapsing in tears onto the motel bed. "Really, the answer to that question would be far more interesting coming from you," he drawls in return. Hermione's hand slaps the bedside table in a futile search for her wand. The movement is not lost on Draco, who looked momentarily almost sympathetic to her eyes. "It's not there," he says quietly. She remembers. She knows. "Why are you here?" he asks. Hermione wills herself not to break down in front of this man. "I don't care what you know or don't know, Malfoy," she grits through her teeth, "so get the hell out." "You really think I would miss this?" he returns skeptically, smirking down at her. "The humiliation of Hermione Granger. The great war hero, Severed just as cleanly as those with brands on their arms." "One big difference," Hermione snarls in return. "You worked for the Dark Lord. I was framed." "That doesn't make it less funny. Actually, it increases it." Hermione sighs, expels a gust of breath. "Where am I?" "Sydney." Hermione shuts her eyes. "Oh, hell." "Your little entourage dropped you off here and then let me know. Something about former witches and wizards banding together for support," he says in mocking tones. "So I figure they must believe you and I would be open to that kind of…relationship. Which means you were caught…or framed…for doing something that would help Death Eaters." "For whatever it matters," she spits, wishing he would get off of her bed and let her dress and mourn in peace, "I spoke out at the MLE against arresting your little girlfriend Parkinson, Zabini, and some other Slytherins. When none could be found to arrest, they suspected me of tipping them off." Draco assesses her with cold grey eyes. "But you didn't." "I didn't. They'd have a big chance during trial – I mean, they left Hogwarts during the battle, they didn't join in either side. Then someone found a list of the suspects' addresses in my desk – I didn't write them down, and if I had I would have been smart enough to burn it – and it all went downhill from there." "No trial?" "Intelligence specialists don't get trials. They get Severed." "Ah." Slightly emboldened by her confession, Hermione tosses aside her bedsheets and gets up, striding in nothing but her knickers and bra across the motel room floor. She can feel the weight of his eyes pressing on her like fingers, but finds that she couldn't care less. "Laugh, if you're going to," she mutters, pulling fresh clothes from her beaded purse. "Throw in a few insults about my friends and my heritage while you're at it. But when you're done, get the hell out." Draco unfolds his long legs, standing up at last. "Afraid I can't. Need your talents on a problem in my neighborhood." His face changed from the mocking pose to something more earnest, even desperate. "Yeah? We all need a lot of things. Right now, I need clothes." She rummaged through her purse a little more, finally emerging with a pair of slacks. She would need to hang on to her magicked purse, she realized – one of the last remaining vestiges of her magical heritage. "Leave those aside for the moment. There are more pressing matters at hand." "All you've got at hand are insults. You and I both have magic-less lives to get to, so let's do that. Separately would be best." "But you don't have a job." Despite his pose of desperation, he had yet to pull his eyes from her cleavage. "That's not your concern." "I need you to do a job for me." Hermione rolls her eyes. "The Ministry hates me almost as much as they do you. Harry and Ron aren't allowed contact – or anyone else of magical abilities. Exactly how and why am I supposed to help you?" "Someone's trying to kill me." "Already? Malfoy, you've been Severed for three months ." He pushes back his hair, looking suddenly guilty. "There's a guy that said I need to get out of the neighborhood, or he'll kill me." Despite herself, Hermione notes that he doesn't appear to be lying. "Why?" "I think he's like one of those illegal potions dealers in Knockturn Alley…" "Drug dealers, among Muggles," Hermione interjects, beginning to understand. "Right," replied Draco, obviously warming to her interest. "And so he says that I can't be in his territory anymore." "Then move," Hermione replies, picking up her bundle of clothes as a prelude to showering. "We can't move beyond Sydney, but we can move around inside it. Or report him to the police." As she said it, though, she began to take in the entirety of her situation. When a witch or wizard was Severed, they had nothing. No cash, no job history, no identification, no history of schooling. For Malfoy to make a report would put him in as much or more danger of being thrown in jail. For Hermione to get a job and living space would take cash, a job history, a record of schooling beyond the age of eleven. "No, wait. Don't go to the police," she says softly. "Glad to see you're looking at this in full," Malfoy replies in a tart voice. "I tried to buy a bottle of cheap whisky from the corner store. Needed an…identification card…and really, shouldn't they only ask for that if you're trying to buy the good stuff?" "How are you earning?" she asks, suspicion tinging the question. "Selling Pepper-up Potion, of course," he says promptly. "It's easy, it doesn't require wand work, and I can get all the ingredients from a magical apothecary that never checks the identity of those who order ingredients via owl delivery. I sell near a retirement community. I bet those Muggles haven't felt so spry since they were our age." He's thorough, she has to give him that. "Moving would still be the best option," she returns. "What, move someplace else where I'd get the same threat?" he sneers. "No, Granger. I need you to help me learn how to shoot a gunnys." "A gun?" "Yeah, that. Counter a threat, right? I got one from this Muggle on the corner." Hermione rubs at her temples. "He's going to laugh and then shoot you dead. It's not like dueling with wands, you idiot." "So help me." Hermione presses her forehead further into her palm. "All right." Draco Malfoy's pointless death is not something she wants on her conscience. "Two things, though. We do this my way, and you just watch and learn, all right?" Draco shifts uncomfortably, and she realizes that he's relaxed enough to the point where he's remembering that she's in her knickers. She rolls her eyes. "Sure. The other?" "Let. Me. Take. A. Shower." He's in the same boat, she realizes, stepping into the shower. Wandless, friendless, no cover identity or papers to prove who he is or to get employment. She has been framed for the failure of an operation, charged with giving information over to the enemy, and has been duly Severed. He fell on the wrong side of the war, tried to keep himself and his family alive, and after years of trials and appeals, still ended up Severed. It's better than Azkaban, she supposes. He's getting along by dealing Pepper-Up Potion to a network of Sydney retirement communities, a black market that she will chide him for but can find no terrible harm in, though apparently someone nearby can. So Draco turned to her, with her superior knowledge of Muggle life, to help him. Hermione wonders if she should refrain from telling him that she feels a little lost herself in this place, after so many years with the knowledge that she was a witch. She still is a witch. But once you've been Severed, you've got nothing. No job, no funds, no documentable history, stuck in whatever city they dumped her in. So you do what you have to. You make a friend. Or at the least, an ally. Guns make you stupid. Duct tape makes you smart. It's the way he doesn't stare at her in wide-eyed admiration, which, to tell the truth, she kind of expected. She first scouts out the drug dealer's home, notes the bulletproof door and finds a hollow spot in the drywall, marking it with duct tape. Then, she goes around the back, finding loose paneling in the wall behind a trash can, carefully unscrewing the bolts, ready to be torn open when she needs them. "You've got a gun, a potato, and duct tape," he spits, looking as if he was beginning to regret meeting up with her at all. "The gun I understand, but…" "You wanted my help, and this is going to work," she said, racking the bullet into place, grateful that her father had taught his daughter a few useful things about the Muggle world. "Now, he's home, so get ready." He swallows, looking rather pale and nauseous, but at her urging, steps forward. "All you have to do is call to him and bring him to the door," she breathes. "After that, you can run away if you like." The words sting him into action, and he knocks like cannonfire on the door. "Who's there?" croaks a deep voice from inside. "It's your friendly neighborhood competition!" Draco says jauntily, before his courage deserts him and he darts behind her. Hermione ignores him as she hears the sound she's been waiting for, the man rushing forward on heavy feet, the sound of a gun cocking. She fires two shots through the potato (silencing the gun) and through her duct tape mark before hearing his howl of pain. "So do we go through the door?" Draco gasps in her ear, looking as if he's still not sure whether or not to run. "He's down, armed, and waiting for us to go through there," Hermione said dispassionately, pulling him along as she raced for the panel she'd loosened earlier. "So we don't. Stay behind me." She flings the panel open, slipping into the musty den of the dealer's home, creeping up behind the ratty little man as he screams for them to come through the door. When he feels the cold barrel of her gun pressing against his head, he abruptly stills. "Drop it," she snarls. "It's over." The dealer agrees, and drops his gun to the floor, where she picks it up. "Do you have any more weapons on you?" she barks. "Draco, check him." Draco wrinkles his nose and proceeds to run his foot across the man, checking for weapons. "All right," Hermione says, pulling a little pouch of bandages and disinfectant from her pocket. "You just have a flesh wound in your leg. I know it hurts, but it's not that bad. What you need to do is go to a hospital and clear out of here in the next twenty minutes. If you're not out of here by then, or if you ever come back – " she lets the barrel press against the man's head again, " – that bleeding leg is going to be the least of your problems." The man stumbles out in a few minutes, clutching a bag of