Ahh-Chew: Yeah, well –I haven't read it in a while – but stay with me I'm looking for the books as I write this story. Anyways, I've read a few of these fictions on this site and on a few other sites as well. Most of them are funny and some of them are really sad. So I decided to crack a whip at this myself…so hopefully this won't come back and whip me in the face. - So on we go! … (mumbles) This is going to be ugly… PAIRINGS: I'm not really sure about this. At first Sal wanted my story to be a – what she called – a Legomance. But then I thought – could that happen? So I came to a conclusion – it will be. WARNINGS: I'll try my absolute hardest not to make a Mary Sue, Sal has warned me all about that and personally I don't like them very much either. Also – fair warning – This story is going to follow the movies much more than the actual books. Why? Because I have the movies right on hand – the books I seem to have lost unfortunately. So no flames telling me I left out some stuff. I know that, I will ultimately feel very bad about that later. Lastly, I couldn't figure out how to put my character into the story without them having a hard time sitting still. I really didn't want to put them in with the council, but when I tried any other ways, they interfered with something else in the story. One more thing! This has some religious things in it, but not overwhelming, but if even the slightest bit bothers you, then hurry and leave. AND, THIS THING IS RATED M FOR A REASON! IT CONTAINS STRONG LANGUAGE AND IMPLIES SEXUAL SITUATIONS/THEMES. – YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED! SUMMARY: I – can't think of anything…crap! DISCLAIMER: I don't own Lord of the Rings or any of its characters…well, duh. And in no way am I making a profit outta this. Happiness Is Earned Chapter 1: Names for Faces. IIIiiiIIIiiiIII Confounded beeping…where the hell did they find that kind of sound anyway?Stop…stop, damn you! – oh for the love of – Angrily, a slim figure rose from underneath the blue bed covers. She raised a menacing pillow at the offender, which was her alarm clock. She swung hard and sent the little bastard flying clear across the room. A chuckle was heard and she turned towards the sound coming from her bedroom doorway. She raised the menacing pillow once more. "Don't think for a second that just because you're my roommate's boyfriend – that I will not kill you." And once again the pillow attacked. Once the intruder was chased away. She stood from her blankets and trudged towards her closet. "Alex!" Another voice shouted down the hallway. She ignored it, if she answered the one who called would only stutter and think up something stupid for her to do. After swimming through her closet, a thought came to mind…maybe she could see if the light was on? She laughed at herself and pulled gently at the tug cord on the little lamp on the vanity desk. The sudden light blinded her momentarily, but it was worth it once her vision came back. She looked at her clothing and shrugged – she pulled out a short sleeved shirt, and then decided to pull out a long sleeved one too. Now what, she thought. Ah – screw it – she'll just wear both. She tossed those onto the desk and from the floor near her shoe rack, she kicked out a pair of sneakers, and she pulled out a faded pair of blue jeans. Eh – it would do until she did her laundry. Once she slipped into her clothing, she sat down heavily at the desk and quickly pulled her black hair into a half-ass ponytail and bun. She stared at her reflection a moment longer, brown eyes looking over everything carefully. "The world can live with one less beautiful person." She said to herself, smiling widely. " ALEX! " - To say that her roommate was a kind and caring person was just an outright lie. Down the hallway and out the door – choking on burnt toast – was just the way her roommate liked her. And who was she to complain? Her roommate had just given her an excuse not to go to work. Not that she was lazy, she was being smart. Last time she went back to retrieve her backpack and portfolio was a nightmare needing to be forgotten. An ass like that shouldn't have been able to go that far up into the air. Yeah, better safe than traumatized. Ah – to be twenty-one and single, but now for the burning question. What the hell was she going to do? Some seconds after that thought, another came…what about the park? She hadn't strolled through its walkways in a while. Hell, she hadn't even seen the park walkways. As she neared the corner of the street, she glanced across it to said park. Built and paid for by the city-people, as if tax dollars could make anything that pretty. Pfft. Alex looked up at the street light that had just turned red…should she? Ah – hell, why not? She glanced up again at the light and decided, she could make it across the street before the light turned green. She took a deep breath and bolted. Two-thirds of the way she smiled to herself, she could make it. A loud honking sound pulled her back from her victory thoughts – crap. She didn't make it. - Damn bus . She seriously hoped that it had a huge dent in it now. Her head and body shot up out off the bed and suddenly her world decided to tilt to the left. Who was she to protest? Down she followed it, hitting the blankets and pillows once again with a soft thud. "Owie…" Alex muttered, closing her eyes. A chuckle fromher rightthough made them snap open again. This time she sat up much more slowly. She pushed away the pillows and blankets…wait…what? "Good morning." Alex jolted and turned to the voice. An elderly man sat next to her, smiling at her as her world came back into focus. How come she didn't see him before? "Good – uh – morning, whoever you are." He chuckled again and watched as Alex quickly glanced around at her surroundings. Alex knew that wherever the hell she was, it was beautiful. The walls and windows were all decorated with fine detail. Everything seemed to flow together along with some unseen water source. Her eyes roamed shamelessly over the room and slowly made their way back to the elderly man next to her. She smiled at him. "Hi, sorry about the earlier greeting." He shook his head. "You are a very strange child." He chuckled. She smiled and cocked an eyebrow upwards. "Child? I'm already twenty-one, Compadre. " He raised an eyebrow at this. "So it's true, you are not of this world." He said. His expression changed and he was no longer cheerful, but instead deadly serious. "Of this world? What are you talking about?" Alex asked. "You appeared in the library of Lord Elrond of Rivendell. You were injured. He cared for you here and it has been two days since your arrival." Out for two days, huh? She really hoped that bus had a dent in it. Alex turned her gaze to the hands twisting in her lap…Now what? What was she going to do? How could she go home? Turner and Zech were still back there… "Who are you?" Alex pulled her eyes away from her lap and looked up at the old man with a crooked smile. "I'm Alexandria Willow. And who are you, compadre ?" Again, his face contorted at the use of a different language. "I am Gandalf the Grey. Tell me. What does – com-padre – mean?" He looked at her with curiosity rivaling that of a child's and she couldn't help but snort. "It means something like elderly friend." His smile widened. Alex guessed it was because he finally knew whether he was being insulted or not. He nodded his head and rose from his chair. Alex watched as he made his way to the door and turned to her before he left. "A maid will be here shortly to help you dress." And away he went leaving a slightly confused Alex to think. - "Lady Alexandria? Are you well?" Alex blinked as she was pulled out of her stupor. She turned and smiled brightly at the maid who was kneeled down, mending the last few parts of her dress. "You drifted for a moment, I wondered if something was troubling you?" the maid questioned as her hands flew over the ends and expertly sewed the pieces together. "Just…thinking…" Alex mumbled and turned back to the mirror in front of her. The dress the maid had brought in was a pale blue color, and if it was any wider at the top, the sleeves would fall off her shoulders. The maid – named Nienna – was fixing the rims from the bottom so it wouldn't be so long and Alex wouldn't trip. She snorted at the thought. "Something amusing, my lady?" Nienna turned her beautiful face upwards and smiled at Alex. "Yeah, this will be my first time in a dress in ten years." "Why so long?" Alex sighed as Nienna stood and smoothed out the dress. "I never…had the time to play dress-up." Alex twirled once to see the back of the dress and Nienna's smile brightened. "You look beautiful." Alex chuckled and pulled the dress up to see her feet. She gazed at the blue shoes they gave her and turned back to the maid. "Now if I only wasn't so short. Five-foot-five isn't very high." Nienna giggled along with her. - After Nienna helped her pull all her shoulder length hair into a hair style much like the elves, Alex asked if she could look around. Nienna nodded as said that the gardens weren't too far from her room…Well, she's been walking for ten minutes straight and has failed to see any gardens. "Well, I'm lost." Alex stopped and sat on a stone bench in front of her. The farthest she had gotten was to a little dome that was to her right. It too – along with everything else here – had that beautiful detail of fluid motion carved into it. Alex turned her gaze up too the sky. It looked bluer than the one back at home, she thought. This place surely can't be real. Just as she was going to stand, a little bird flew into her vision. She watched it as it flew around her and landed on a branch in a tree in front of her. Alex's curiosity won out and she stood, walking slowly to get as close to the bird as possible. It was beautiful. Its plumage was a deep blue, it glitter in the sun light. Its beak looked…silver? Wow, things just got stranger and stranger. Oh – if only she had her portfolio, this would have been a perfect specimen! "Hi there." She whispered. Amazingly the bird didn't fly away; instead it looked right at her. She smiled. Well, at least now she could look at it a bit longer…it was so pretty. The bird chirped in her direction. It cocked its head to one side and chirped again. Now normally what she was about to do would be a stupid idea. One of two things could happen. One, the bird would be frightened and fly away, making her feeling like the biggest ass in the universe. Or two, it would attack and she would be forever blind. But that didn't stop her. Alex held out her