Rating: T Genre: Drama Word Count: 4014 Pairing: Edward/Bella Summary: He's working toward a future and too tired to think outside the box. She's too frustrated to care who comes to her rescue as long as he pays attention to the details. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Pressure-Treated Mahogany "Yes, Mr. Whitlock, the house will be ready, and I assure you, your wife will love all the attention to detail." Isabella spoke into her cell as she wandered through the upstairs rooms, double-checking that the job was coming together and would be finished by the time her clients returned from overseas. His question about the meeting between herself and the contractor pulled her focus from the misty haze walls of the bedroom back to the phone. "I'm sorry, but he didn't show up our appointment, and he hasn't contacted me either ... Yes, sir. I'm sure he's on top of everything. The foreman warned me his schedule was chaotic at best," she answered. But she was more focused on the stained glass door that opened into the master bathroom. She ran her fingers across the glass door. It was beautiful, a piece of art that allowed the person opening it to step into another world. She could picture the bathroom filled with candles, mirrors, plush towels, and the claw foot tub filled with water,steam raising into the air. Another question from Mr. Whitlock brought her back to reality, and she turned to exit the bedroom. "I will, sir. Have a good night. I'll see you in ten days with the keys in my hand," she said as she slipped off her shoes and felt the thick, lush, carpet under her feet. Ten days. That's all she had left to make sure the house was in perfect order, ready for its new occupants. Ten days, and her first solo assignment would be complete. It would make or break her as a general contractor for Cullen Reality. Her boss, Esme Cullen, had assured her that Masen Builders was the company for the detail work in the final stages of renovations of the old Georgia plantation home, yet in the six months she had been in charge, they had yet to meet. In fact, Edward Masen had missed every meeting she had booked with him. Intentional or not, it was starting to piss her off. Just thinking about the wasted hours she had sat somewhere and waited caused her blood to start boiling. With one last glance around, she headed toward the spiral staircase that would lead her to the foyer. She pulled the hair tie from her hair, letting her hair down. Wearing it up was giving her a headache—or was it thinking about another missed meeting? She wasn't sure. She scratched her scalp as her hair fell around her shoulders before taking off the thick black-rimmed glasses she wore to hide behind,trying to keep an atmosphere that said professional. thenshe placed her hand on the banister, taking the first step down. Emmett, you cheeky ass. I knew you would do something like this. And from looking at the way you set the beam, you did it on purpose. Insteadof meeting with Ms. Swan hours ago, when I was supposed to, I was running around digging up the right materials for this job. And now, I'm stuck here working 'til God knows what time fixing it. And fuck, I'm tired, Edward's internal dialogue raged. Edward had been on the road, and in the air, overseeing eleven different construction crews across the country, in the hopes that, by year's end, he would no longer have to travel. Instead of being the boss, he would become a supplier for the best companies in the country. He wanted to be home for more than two days at a time. Now, Emmett's practical joke would cost him his morning flight back to Colorado. When was the last time you slept, Edward? Yesterday? Or, the day before that? He questioned himself. You knew a year ago you shouldn't have taken on another remodeling job. Oh,wait, Mr. Whitlock and your sister, Rosalie, begged you. And Esme had insisted, and being the schmuck you are, you agreed, dumbass. And don't forget Emmett's mocking. You don't have the balls for it, do you, Eddy?" Emmett said as more of a dare than a question. "Balls? Of course, I have the balls; I just don't have the time, and this one will require a lot of attention to detail." Edward recalled his reply. "And that is why you would never refuse. You know how important the details are," Emmett goaded as he walked out of the office, leaving the door open behind him. Edward loosened his tie and rubbed the back of his neck as he looked at the decorative beam he was going to have to replace. The almost too small jacket he wore pulled uncomfortably against his shoulders, his shirttail already untucked from the waistband. Emmett, you are going to pay for this one. I know I told you to use mahogany. Even maple would have been a better choice than popular. But you knew that, didn't you? At least you left taking it down easy enough. Like I thought, you did it on purpose. Edward inspected how the beam had been hung. Emmett had barely attached it to the frame, knowing his friend would have to be taken down. The mahogany wood rail was rich with color. The wrought iron balusters and ornate designs on the steps showed the attention to detail she had been promised. The whimsical slide Alice had attached was fun but kept the house just outside of historical. Oh, but how many times she had been tempted to use it. She envied the children that someday would fill this house. Reaching the bottom step, her hand bolted to her chest, startled, after noticing she wasn't alone. A man she hadn't met stood looking in the one part of the house she hated the most. It was all wrong, and she cursed Emmett for the arrogance he had shown when she pointed it out. Trust me; when it's all said and done, the house will be perfect, he had said. He had thrown his hand in her face when she tried to protest. Her boss had laughed hysterically when she reported it. "It's lovely, isn't it?" Bella said loud enough she was sure he heard her but he showed no reaction. From behind, the short length of his hair screamed business, though it appeared he was overdue for a fresh cut. The dark jacket he wore gave her nothing other than he knew what to look for in a good coat, even if it was a bit tight. She overlooked the careless way his denim-colored shirt hung below the edge of his jacket, but the faded,relaxed jeans he wore looked like they had been brought home from a yard sale. "This is not an open house. So, unless there is something I can help you with, sir, it's late and I was just heading out myself." Lovely? Was this woman serious? Edward thought incredulously. He couldn't believe what he had just heard the woman say behind him. He hadn't been conscious of her, as he was too engrossed withEmmett's irritating craftsmanship, a joke left just to piss him off. "It's shit, and if you think that is lovely, then you have no eye for detail and no clue about construction," he raged as he pivoted around to face the woman who obviously had no common sense. "And no, you cannot help me," he ground out as he stalked toward her, causing her eyes to widen as she backed up the staircase. When Edward stopped his movements, the woman stood at his height. Maybe it was the long hours, or the lack of sleep, that caused him to have no filter. Surely, if his mother, or even his Aunt Esme, heard him speak to a woman in such a manner, not only would his mouth be full of soap, but his backside would glow in the dark. He bristled with irritation. The woman definitely didn't fit the picture he had constructed of Isabella Swan based on the description from Emmett, his aunt, or Jasper. Maybe this was Alice, Jasper's new wife, and they had returned early. From the looks of her,Jasper was a lucky man. He looked the woman up and down. Attention to detail was his middle name, right? The flash of indignation that crossed her face caused his heart to thunder. He had always liked a woman with spirit, and as she lifted her chin in defiance, she proved she had that in spades. His lips turned into a snarl as his eyes took in her form. Her chestnut hair, highlighted with red, blended in with the staircase balusters. He wanted to sink his fingers into her hair to see if its softness matched the way it appeared. Her white blouse screamed sterile, boring, but the hint of blue from her bra was a direct contrast to that. The black pencil skirt she wore showed how small her waist was and left the length of her legs to his imagination. Her body was perfect,but his nostrils flared when his eyes rested on her polished red toes. Predictable. "And what do you think you can do about it?" Bella dared to question. Alice is an idiot! Her hoity-toity tone was filled with irritation, or she was offended , Edward thought. "What do you think I'm going to do? Fix it, of course," Edward answered her. Who was this arrogant man? And how dare he speak to me as if I'm the idiot, Bella thought, and the man's eyes came level with hers. Her chest heaved as she tried to control her anger. She dug her nails into the palm of her hand to keep herself from slapping the mischievous smirk off his face. But he did have a point. The decorative beam was hideous compared to the rest of the woodwork in the house. A flash of amusement ran through his eyes as she glanced between the beam and back at him. Who did he think he was? The all-elusive Edward Masen? The almighty craftsman, himself? She knew it wasn't him. He had failed to show at all during the project. Why would he show up now? If she didn't do something quick, she could kiss her future goodbye. "Prove it," she said, daring him as if she was waving a red flag in the face of a bull. The side of his lips turned up as he stepped back. She almost missed the roll of his head as he turned away, giving her his back. The next thing Isabella Swan knew, she was sitting on the stairs watching the stranger strip off his jacket, throwing it into the corner as he stomped toward the door. Bella, after this project, you're getting yourself laid, she thought to herself after realizing she thought the man was attractive before he returned with a bag and bucket in tow. If Bella had thought watching his jacket fall to the floor was somehow sexy, it was nothing compared to watching him add his tie and shirt to the pile, leaving him in a white work shirt with missing sleeves. He stood there, looking up, and his frame vibrated with something primal and powerful. Bella noticed the markings on his right bicep—a tattoo—but she couldn't tell what the design was unless she got closer. With his next movements, Bella's eyes widened in horror as the man grabbed a sledgehammer whichshe hadn't seen until it was too late. He swung, striking the beam and knocking it to the floor. Oh my God! If that had fallen when the owners took over the house … Bella couldn't finish the thought. The ramifications were too terrifying to admit. Now it was too