Rating: M Genre: romance Word Count: 4998 Pairing: E X B Summary: Bella and Rose aren't expecting much when they walk into their favorite Friday night bar on a dreary Saturday evening until a hot guy in a kilt walks by. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Féileadh Mor A/N: In order to properly convey a Scottish accent the following words are purposely used and shouldn't be construed as spelling or grammatical errors: No - not Dinnae- did not Ye – you Ken- know Weel – well Heid- head Fooker- fucker Laird- lord Verra- very Bella walked right up to the heavy oak door of The Rogue Republic. Unlike last night at this same time, there was no line snaking past the wood shingled exterior walls and into the parking lot. The ubiquitous pair of large, hard- muscled bouncers that stood on either side of the door each Friday were also missing. On Fridays, The Rogue Republic was the most popular place for the under twenty-five crowd in this small city. College students and townies alike gathered to mingle, dance, and hopefully hook up. Saturdays were a different story. Saturdays were the dominion of downtown dance clubs featuring foam parties and celebrity d.j.'s; or campus fraternity houses promising cheap beer and a place to crash. Proper bars like The Rogue Republic didn't attract the hipsters on Saturdays. Despite that fact, Bella and her roommate, Rosalie made the ten minute drive from their apartment on the hill down to the harbor-side bar. Neither Bella nor Rose was in the mood for the sweaty techno dance scene. At the same time, the houses on fraternity row were mostly dark tonight. Many of their friends had left that morning for Spring Break, eager to escape the cold drizzle of the Northwest's early spring for the warmth and sunshine of tropical climates. "Rose, there's no one here," Bella commented as Rose stopped beside her. She waved towards the half empty parking lot. A large yellow school bus sat at the opposite end, taking up three spaces. "Look, they even let buses park here on the weekends, it's so slow." Rose rolled her eyes and shook her head. Small drops of mist stubbornly clung to her long blond locks despite the movement. "Stop being so negative! I'm not staying in the apartment on a Saturday night. You didn't want to go clubbing at The Coven and the only campus party was at Royce's fraternity – so where else are we going to go?" Bella groaned. "It'll be us and a bunch of forty year olds." "You don't know that and even if it is, so what? We'll just have a few drinks and listen to some music and watch the old people hook up. It's better than going to that skeevy fraternity and having to keep a hand over your drink so they can't slip you a roofie," Rose joked but Bella could hear the tone of resentment in her voice. "Royce and his friends were creepy. It's a good thing you figured that out on your first date," Bella replied curtly. Her opinion had been expressed, in detail, many times before this evening and she didn't want thoughts of him ruining Rose's night. "C'mon this drizzle is making my hair frizz. Let's get inside." Bella pulled open the solid wood door in the anteroom of the club. The music was just as loud as the previous night but this time the lyrics weren't obscured by the overwhelming sounds of a raucous crowd. Felix, one of the regular bouncers was precariously perched on a stool, his muscular frame looking far too large for the spindly wood legs. Rose flirted with him a bit as the girls went through the tedious process of producing i.d., paying cover, and getting their hands stamped before proceeding further under another archway and into the large room. The main bar stood directly in front of them, its gleaming brass fittings shining brightly under the artificial illumination. The Rogue Republic's lights were slightly dimmed but it was otherwise well lit for a barroom. As predicted, the place was sparsely populated. There were even seats available along the bar, something one would never find on a Friday. Rose was walking past the small ATM and the old fashioned pinball machine toward the far corner of the bar when a whirl of plaid caught both her and Bella's eyes. The girls openly gawked as a well-built guy in a dark green and black kilt sauntered past them. Bella turned to Rose for confirmation of what she'd just seen when another kilt, this one a bright red with black and yellow checks, caught her attention. It was worn by an older gentleman in his late forties or early fifties. His hair and well-trimmed beard were a slightly lighter shade of goldenrod than Rose's hair. In addition to the kilt, he wore a black blazer trimmed with gold buttons, a white dress shirt, and a tie in the same plaid as his kilt. Thick beige socks folded just below his knees and shiny black shoes covered his feet. He held a shot glass in each hand. One glass was already empty. Bella watched as he tipped his head back and swallowed the contents of the second glass as though it were water. Bella pointed and Rose turned just as the man finished his drink. He caught Rose's eye and smiled, his blue eyes twinkling. "No bad. I dinae think you Americans ken good whiskey but this'll do." His thick Scottish brogue rolled over his tongue as though he were Robert Burns himself. He walked over to the bar and called for another round. He downed the next to the accompanied shouts of s láinte from his companions, all of whom were wearing kilts and blazers. Rose and Bella looked at each in stunned silence before they each turned in a circle. "Eleven…Twelve…Thirteen…Fourteen," Bella softly counted aloud as she took stock of the number of kilted men in the room. "Twenty-six!" She said as her eyes again met Rose's. "We're surrounded by twenty six men, most about our age, wearing kilts. Rose, there are twenty-six hot guys in kilts in this room. Even the four old ones are good looking. If I wasn't positive Alice was in South Padre Island with Jasper, I'd swear we were being punked." Rose rolled her eyes at the mention of their other roommate and her boyfriend. "Not even Alice could get her hands on this much plaid. As much as you're obsessed with those Highland romance novels, she'd still never go to this extreme," Rose ogled the backside of a muscular guy wearing a navy plaid kilt. She leaned over and whispered. "Before tonight is over, we're going to know if it's true." Bella's brows furrowed as she replied "If what's…" she abruptly stopped herself, her brows suddenly rising as she realized her friend's intentions of seeing whether the men were wearing anything underneath their plaid garments. "Oh my God! What are you going to do? You can't just walked up to one of them and raise his kilt." Rose smiled wickedly. "Of course not. By the time I'm done, he'll be all too willing to raise it himself." "Edward, ye ken that bonnie lass at the bar? The one with the long blond hair hanging down to her fine round arse? She's been looking this way for the past ten minutes. I think it's about time I introduce myself. She's got a wee friend with her. Come with me and keep her entertained while I chat up my bird." Edward stood up from where he'd been slouched against the wall. The match today had been a rough one for him. He'd barely managed to avoid a serious injury when he'd been blindsided and brought down in a ruck just after catching a pass. His shoulder was still sore from where the knee of an opposing player had made contact and there was a dark bruise on his calf, currently hidden under his kilt hose. He knew he was lucky to have not torn the muscle. Rugby was not known for the gentleness of its players even if said players were in a recreational league. Edward absentmindedly ran his hand through the bright orange scruff covering his face. He would have much preferred to stay at the hotel tonight but it was tradition to celebrate a victory together as a team. Plus he had a reputation to uphold. Nothing short of a coma would keep a true Scotsman from a night out. "Och, Mac. I'm a right sight. I've not thought to run a razor over my face in three days and I've not had a haircut since we left Inverness," Edward patted the top of his head; try to smooth the mess of thick copper and bronze colored locks. "Weel, if what your Da says is true about American lasses, she'll be more interested in trying to see under your kilt than noticing what's on top of your heid," Mac paused and snickered as a thought came to him. Edward shot his friend a wary look. "What?" "It may be that she'll care to ken if the carpet matches the drapes. Though with your beard so much redder than your hair, I suppose anyone would be curious to see which color is below," Mac lifted an eyebrow and eyed the hem of Edward's kilt with mock inquisitiveness. "You'll not have the chance yourself, you fooker." Edward tried to his shove his friend but Mac was a large hulking man and though Edward was quite fit, he was no match for Mac's sheer brawn. Edward straightened his blazer and tie as he glanced over at the little brunette his friend had indicated. She was short in stature yet she had a medium frame that was too pleasantly curvy to be called petite. That suited Edward just fine. He didn't care for bony girls. A pretty lass with large doe eyes and full lips set in a heart-shaped face; she blushed furiously when she caught him watching her. With one finally pull to center his tie, Edward made his decision. "Alright then, let's get on with it." He gestured for Mac to lead the way then thought better of it and grabbed at his shirt. "This time, if they ask about our jobs don't mention that time you ate too much blood pudding then shat in your drawers when you couldn't get down from the rigging. It's a turn-off, ye ken?" "Aye, I learned my lesson when the lass in the last city couldn't get away from us fast enough," Mac shrugged. "I guess she'll not ask the next rig welder she meets what happens when you're working two hundred feet in the air and you have to go." Mac wasted no time, making a beeline for the pair. By the time Edward strolled up next to him, Mac was almost done with the introductions. "Edward, this'll be Bella," Mac indicated the small brunette then turned to the tall blond, "and Rose." Edward realized immediately that Rose was exactly Mac's type- tall, blond, attractive and cheeky to be sure. He greeted the girls then stood quietly observing as Mac launched into casual conversation. Bella glimpsed at Rose to see if she was having a hard time understanding the boys' thick Scottish brogue. She glanced back to find the handsome broad-shouldered man before her watching her with curiosity. She blushed deeply as she thought of her momentary disappointment to discover that his name wasn't Jamie or Malcolm or any of the other names of the heroes of the Highland romance novels she loved so much. Edward was a nice classic name, though. It reminded her of the characters in the Austen books she had read and re-read back in high school. They bought a round of drinks; beer for the girls, whiskey