Rating: M Genre: Romance Word Count: 11,167 Pairing: Edward/Bella Summary: Purchasing his own land is the one thing Edward Cullen wanted most in this world, until he met the neighbor's daughter. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Suitor In 1940, Clallam County, Washington was nothing but a cluster of small towns and woods for as far as the eye could see. The little town of Forks was growing, and new people seemed to move there at least every few months. First, the young new reverend Ben Cheney came from Port Angeles and took over the church a few months ago. Now, someone had purchased the old Cope farm. The ten acres of land had been un-kept and abandoned going on five years now, since old Mr. Cope passed away. Now it looked as if a new owner would be taking over. The abandoned farm next door to Charlie Swan's property had been purchased, right out from under his nose. He had high hopes the bank would hold it for him while he saved money to purchase the land with the dilapidated old barn, shed and house. Although, it needed a significant amount of work, the property would be a steal if Charlie had been able to purchase it. It would also allow the Swans to expand their ranching business. Charlie wasn't much of a rancher, but he would continue it in order to keep his wife and his daughter Bella fed. Charlie and Renee had only one child, Isabella, and she is the apple of their eye. At nineteen, her beauty was known throughout Forks, and she has had quite her share of suitors vying for her attention. She never batted an eye at any of them. Charlie particularly liked the new reverend for his daughter, but Bella seemed not to fancy him at all. Charlie thought the good reverend Cheney would be a perfect match for his spirited young daughter, but; instead, she was constantly pushing her cousin Angela on the man. Any time the reverend tried to speak with Isabella, both Bella and Angela's younger sister Alice would push the girl in his direction. Charlie rocked back and forth in his comfortable old chair that he made with his own two hands. Charlie was a better craftsman than he was a rancher, but still the farm belonged to his father, and he had no choice but to continue in the family business. He thought about how he could provide for his family without extending his small ranching business. It might be time to push Isabella on Reverend Cheney or some other respectable young man. No, he would not sell her to the highest bidder, but he would make sure the man would be able to provide for her. The sound of a car pulling up across the way brings him out of his thoughts. Edward Cullen pulls his trusty old Ford pick-up truck to a stop, admiring the large pine tree in front of the small house on his newly purchased land. His land. Nothing had ever sounded better to him in his twenty-three years. Working on his uncles, Aro's farm since he was big enough to walk, he loved everything about ranching and farming, unlike his father, who was a doctor, and his eldest brother Emmett who was a deputy, in the small town of Port Angeles, where they lived. Even his younger brother Jasper was too busy chasing skirts to worry about a profession, but he figured his father would get on top of him soon. Edward admitted it wasn't much to look at now, but with his brother and his good friend Ben coming to help him, he should be up and running in no time. Sliding out of the truck, he takes off his Stetson and wipes at his brow with the back of his hand. It was unusually hot for Washington this summer, and he found himself wishing he had more than just flannel shirts. Standing tall at six foot two, Edward runs his hands through his messy bronze hair, and then scratches at his beard, shaking his head from side to side. Edward wears a checkered shirt, Wrangler jeans, and a rustic pair of cowboy boots. Taking in his surroundings, he can imagine the hard work it was going to take to get this place in working order. The dead grass, the barn with a missing door, and then the house, if you could even call it that, well at least you could tell it was a house at some point in time, would be his greatest obstacles. Walking around his decrepit farm, he still manages to smile, because he hadn't seen a nicer damn site in his life. It was all his. Walking up the steps of the decrepit house, he's careful of the missing wood on the steps and the porch. Opening the door, which is hanging from its hinges, he stands in what would've been the parlor, and takes in the overall chaos of his new home. Taking in a deep breath, and then nearly choking on it, Edward walks through the house stopping to run his hands over walls checking to see how sturdy the house was. He decided the damn thing wasn't livable, and should be the first thing he gets to working on. Besides, if his mother had any say, there would be a woman in there as soon as the house was finished. In fact, she did have her eye on a Miss Jessica Stanley for him, but Edward knew it was only because Jessica was his sister-in-law Rosalie's cousin. He's sure though that if his mother knew that Miss Stanley has been kissed by several different young men, including two of her sons, neither one being Edward himself, she may rethink playing matchmaker. Thinking of his mother and her plans for him, made him want to move slower in getting this place ready, but he knew he would need to start ranching soon. Walking back out to the truck, he put his mind to his work and began unloading the tools he would need to start renovating the old house. Bella turns at the sound of her father taking a seat. Her deep brown eyes dancing as she smiles at him. She walks over to him and places a plate of fresh biscuits, ham and eggs in front of him. Her long dark brown hair hangs down her back in waves. Charlie smiles up at her. "Thank you, Bella. Renee, you reckon we have enough for one more? Someone moved into the old Cope farm, and I guess it wouldn't be neighborly of us not to bring something over." Smiling at her husband, Renee quickly makes a small plate for the new neighbor. She is a very pretty woman for her age, her blue eyes, and light brown hair still show signs of the gal that stole Charlie's heart, twenty years ago. The family sits around the table eating their breakfast. Charlie pats Bella's hand, chewing on his fluffy biscuit. "You're going to make the reverend a fine wife, the way you're in the kitchen, not even your mother has anything on you." Bella gives her father an appreciative smile as she smears some fresh preserves on her biscuit. "Thank you Papa, but you know I have no intention of marrying the good reverend." She takes a small bite closing her eyes as she enjoys the tasty sweetness. Renee braces herself for this particular argument again. She knows Charlie is trying to see that Bella will be well cared for, but even a blind man can see that the reverend and Bella have no chemistry. Her daughter has more fire in her pinky finger than the reverend has in his entire body. The girl would pick a fight with the dear Lord himself if he came between her and something she wanted. As much as her husband liked to fight with their daughter, it's his own doing, raising the girl like a wild child. "I didn't rightfully ask for your intentions Isabella, now did I? It's in my power to make you marryhim if I so choose to do so." Charlie walks his tin dish over to the sink as Bella stands up to face him. "Now you listen to me Papa! I'm not marrying a man I don't love, and nothing you say or do will make me. How can you even wish it for me with how you love mama? Would you want me in a loveless marriage for the rest of my life? I'm ashamed of you!" And with that Isabella stomps out of the room, leaving her father standing by the sink, with his fist gripped at his side. His eyes glisten as Renee stands up and walks over to him. "Oh Charlie, I think this is one battle you'll just have to lose." He nods his head at her. "She's right, damn it. The girl is right. How can I force her to marry someone I know she doesn't love, when my life has been so full of the precise thing I want her to have." By mid-day, Edward had demolished the entire front portion of the house. He had removed all of the dead wood and was replacing it with lumber his father had gifted him before he left home. He was just getting started on placing the new wood up in front of the house, when Ben arrives. "Well, if it isn't one of the pretty Cullen boys." Ben says as he gets out of his own pick-up truck. Edward finishes nailing a piece of lumber and then looks up, shielding his eyes from the sun, sweat soaking his face and clothes. "I'll show you pretty, reverend!" He walks over to where Ben is standing, and he lifts the smaller man up off the ground in a bear hug. "How the hell are ya? Shit, sorry!" Ben shakes his head at his old friend. "I'm still me, and you're still you so don't go changing your talk on my account." Ben looks at the work that Edward has done. "You sure haven't wasted any time. Trying to move Miss Stanley in right away then?" Ben dodges a punch from Edward. "No, offense but Miss Jessica will not be calling Cullen Farm home. Ever. What about you? Have your eye on a gal to move into that stately house that came with the church?" At the mention of a girl, Reverend Cheney becomes a little flustered. "Well, actually, there is this one gal, she lives right across the way there and she's the prettiest little thing you ever seen." Edward smiles at his friend. "Sounds mighty fine, what's the wait?" Reverend Cheney kicks at some dirt on the ground. "I don't think the gal knows if I exist. Every time I try to spark up conversation, she throws her cousin in my path. Her Pa is for the match of course, but if she's not willing, then I best move on don't you reckon?" Edward was about to tell his friend that only a fool of a girl would turn down a respectable reverend such as himself, but was interrupted by the arrival of all three Swans. Charlie walks up to the two men as Renee and Bella stand to the side. Bella holds onto the tin of biscuits and ham, while Renee has a pitcher of lemonade and tin cups in her hand. The reverend smiles over at Bella, but her eyes are glued on Edward, and well, he was staring right back at her as if an angel fallen from the sky. Charlie notices the looks passing between his only daughter and this strange man, and clears his throat to put an end to this nonsense. What respectable young man would ogle a girl right in front of her father? "Reverend, what brings you to