Rating: M for Emu violence Genre: Humor/Romance Word Count: 6,084 Pairing: Edward/Bella Summary: Edward is a simple man, living the life on his ranch. Until one day Bella, a granola-crunching PETA protester, stumbles into his life. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Emu Crazy in Love Alice stares at me. Her feathery raven hair flutters in the stiff breeze. I tighten my gloved hand around the frayed rope between my fingers. "Atta girl, Alice. Be nice and still for me." Alice's head bobs up and down the closer I creep. Her long, majestic legs twitch. Stomping and shuffling, Alabama dust swirls up around her bare feet, momentarily blinding me. Alice seems to notice her window of opportunity and takes it. With a loud war cry, she darts around me, squawking and screaming as I throw obscenities her way. "Tyler, turn on Conway," I holler. "It's the only thing that calms her!" Tyler Crowley, my partner in crime since we were knee-high to a grasshopper, stands in the doorway of my nearby ranch house. With a grin on his face, he shoves his cowboy hat off his head and ducks inside. Seconds later, "Stronger" blares from the surround sound inside the house. I slap my hand against my forehead, watching in panic as Alice begins to bob her head along with the music. Shiny, black determination floods her eyes, spearing my gut with an unspoken threat. "I said 'Conway,' not 'Kanye,' you idiot," I yell. "Alice is getting all pumped up. Now I'll never catch her fat tail." Tyler reappears in the doorway, snickering and grinning. I spot Alice's heated gaze as I say 'fat.' Alice's menacing low grumble makes the fleshy skin of her throat quiver. Kanye's angry voice dies away, replaced with the soothing sounds of Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty's "You're the Reason Our Kids are Ugly." "Listen to the lyrics, Alice," I say, baiting her. "You're the reason you and Jasper's kids are so ugly." Alice straightens to her full height. Emitting a war cry, she darts forward. Panic infiltrates my chest at her sudden onslaught of fury. Crouching with my legs shoulder width apart, I toss my lasso in the air, twirling it just the way Daddy taught me. "You don't have to do this, Edward." I hear Tyler's anxiety-riddled words but ignore them. Alice closes in on me, our eyes locked on one another. Arm slightly bent, I whip the lasso forward, crying out a 'Whew doggie' as the loop of rope easily wraps around her scrawny neck. I give it a taut tug and she hits the ground, her legs flailing about under her. Seizing the moment, I throw myself on top of her to wrangle her plump body to the ground. "This is wrong, Edward. This is so wrong." I glance up at Tyler. Humor is no longer etched across his face. He wipes the sweat from his brow and hesitantly hovers over us. Conflict wages a war in his eyes. "Alice has to go, Ty. She's ain't puttin' out anymore. Now, you can either nut up and help me do this or stand back and watch." "It's just…" Ty shifts on his feet; the heels of his cowboy boots dig into the dry, crumbling earth. "Jasper's gonna claw our eyes out when he finds out what we did to Alice." "You're scared of Jasper?" I snort and tighten my hold on Alice, whose body should be weakening but ain't. Must be the joyous harmony of Loretta and Conway giving her this unbridled strength. "Yeah. That fool is crazy," Ty says. He spits out a plug of dip he has been working on for the past hour. The wind catches a string of brown-tinged saliva and it splatters on my work shirt. "Ugh, Ty. You ole sorry excuse for a farm hand," I say momentarily distracted from my current task. As I reach a gloved hand up to wipe the spit away, Alice takes the opportunity to declare her freedom from my loosened grip. With the rope still around her neck, she jumps up and flings me off her body. I'm sprawled flat on my back and choking on dirt. My hat lands about five feet from me. It takes me a minute to get my bearings. "Tyler Crowley, one day I'm gonna fire ya and ain't gonna hire ya back," I say with my eyes closed. The afternoon sun is beating down on me. Alice has made her way to the other side of the fence, but her curiosity always wins out. Long and lean, she gracefully bobs and rolls her way towards my discarded hat. She turns her beady eyes towards me then pecks at my hat out of spite. I haul myself off the ground and rush towards her, startling her in the process. She flails her neck and runs away. Alice is strutting and primping near the fence line when I finally catch up to her. I shove my cowboy hat back on my head. "Sunday's roast… That's what you are, Alice. I'm gonna get ya." Alice rushes towards me, chasing me out of her pen. Barely looking over my shoulder, I yell, "You ain't the boss of me, Alice." I slam the gate of the chain link fencing closed. Only, the door doesn't catch and Alice comes barreling through the opening. Kicking up dirt, I run toward the house but trip over some fallen tree branches Ty was supposed to pick up and put in the burn pile. I spit out dirt for the second time today. He is really going to make me fire him. Some days I wonder if he is testing my patience to see if I really will do it and not take it back. "Edward Cullen?" calls a voice that thankfully ain't Ty's. He had better make himself scarce; I've had about enough of him for one day.. "Yes," I mumble into the dirt. Shifting my hat to the back of my head, I look up to see the most beautiful lady alive. Could be seeing things because I have had a lot of head trauma for the day, but she is amazingly gorgeous. She is even wearing an emu shirt that reads: "Do you find my shirt emu sing?" There is a picture of a crazy-eyed emu on the front. The pupils are even puckered for a more realistic effect. I roll over and sit up while the emu lady helps me to my feet. I glance at her shirt again and realize that the shirt ain't puckered. It's her nipples and she ain't wearing a bra… The emu is giving me crazy eyes and I can't look away. "Good Lord, lady. Where is your brassiere?" Emu Lady's ample cleavage presses against the bird's screen-printed face, practically daring me to touch them. She shoves her thick, black glasses up the bridge of her nose and shoots me a bleary-eyed glare. "Stop staring at my tits, redneck," she slurs, a droplet of drool glistens on her pouty bottom lip. Is she… drunk? I toe the ground, suddenly shy. Nearly thirty years old, but I suddenly feel thirteen and unable to handle a pretty gal's drunken compliment. It's not often that I get called a redneck, but when I do my chest puffs up higher than Conway Twitty's afro. "Thank you, ma'am." I tip my Stetson and give her my best grin, the one that makes the girls swoon. I'm not sure if it's my redneck charm, the booze, or the Alabama heat, but something hits her hard, buckling her perfectly knobby knees. Either way, Emu Lady blinks her eyes in confusion and sways on her feet. "If you could just put down your PETA protest sign, I'll help you inside," I say, gesturing at the wooden sign clutched in her right hand. "It's a might bit hot out today. I reckon you could go for a glass of sweet tea. Whatcha say?" "I'm not entering your Redneck House of Horrors," she says, scrunching up her button nose. Flattered, I blush and say, "Aw, shucks, ma'am. My house ain't that fancy." I close my eyes, momentarily imagining what our children will look like running around the ranch barefooted with their father's green eyes and mother's tiny nose. A groan and a thump pulls me from my thoughts. Glancing down, I notice my future wife, pale and unmoving, curled in a ball near my snakeskin boots. "She dead?" Tyler materializes by my side, nudging her leg with the toe of his boot. "Don't touch my future wife!" Appalled, I elbow my traitorous friend. I stoop down and gather Emu Lady in my arms. She's skinny, probably about a buck twenty. My heart twists inside my chest at how emaciated she is. "Don't worry, gorgeous," I murmur, carrying her inside the house. "Ole Edward's gonna take care of you. Fatten you up. You'll be a healthy size sixteen before you know it. Maybe even an eighteen, if we're lucky." The thought of her thick and curvy causes me to grow hard. My erection pokes against her with each step I take. Carefully, I lay her on the couch and push the loose strands of hair from her face. I find Tyler in the kitchen sucking down a beer. Foam coats his upper lip and he wipes it away with the back of his hand. "Is that chick not wearing a brassiere?" "Back off, man." I growl, open the fridge, and remove a gallon pitcher of sweet tea. Tyler always makes it too weak, only adding a cup and a half of sugar per gallon. I grab the measuring cup and toss another couple of cups in just for kicks. Might as well start fattening her up now. Tyler tosses the empty beer bottle in the trash. "Who is she, man?" "Must be one of those granola-crunching hippies," I say. "She was carrying a PETA sign. Dang protesters." Tyler grins. "Protester or not, she's got a killer rack." Maybe Tyler should have considered how close he was standing to me before he started talking about my woman. I punch him in the junk. Ty drops to the floor cupping himself. He rolls around moaning something about his pecker and needing it later. Stepping over him, I go to the fridge to get some ice out of the freezer. The only way to make cold sweet tea better is by making it colder. My lady love stirs on the couch. I've to get back to her before she wakes up. What kind of man would I be to let her wake up alone in a strange house? I set down the mason jar filled with sweet tea and take a seat on the edge of the couch beside Granola Girl's hip. She is so peaceful when she sleeps. Taking her glasses off, I turn them around and look at them. They are ugly with their thick black frames and almost as big as her face. I put them on wondering how bad her vision is. "Holy moly," I shout as I snatch them off my face and accidentally toss them on the floor. This woman has to be legally blind. My eyes cross and uncross as they struggle to focus. Her hair is tangled, and I wonder how often she actually brushes it. I lean down and sniff her—she must bathe because she doesn't smell. Her beauty is something else, even if she looks a little unkempt and malnourished. Along with her emu shirt, she is wearing extremely short khakis. Long, gangly legs are stretched out across the couch. She'll be thanking me for bringing her inside, once she's conscious of course. The summer sun has blistered her once- pale skin which now rivals the color of Mama's cherry pie. Mmmm. Pie. Which reminds me I need to call Mama to tell her about her future daughter-in-law. As