Rating: M Genre: Angst/Romance Word Count: 6782 Pairing: E/B Road Maps Summary: Sometimes the roads we take on our journey through life lead us to things we never thought were possible. Detours and bumps only enhance the experience as we struggle to arrive at our destination. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Road Maps I'd driven this road more times than I could count, and for the first time, I wished I was on any road that wasn't the four-forty-one. My car was towing a U-Haul, full of my few belongings and four years of memories collected as an undergrad at theUniversity of Georgia, including pictures of the fraternity formals and mixers I had attended in what little spare time I had. The Veterinary Medicine program was one of the best in the country, and now, I just had to pass my boards to put those coveted DVM letters behind my name. My parents had insisted I go through sorority rush since I was a legacy. Mom had many wonderful memories of being a part of a group of women, and surprisingly, I enjoyed the immediate connections I'd made, as well. When I left Milledgeville, I had also left behind my life. Most of my friends didn't have the means to attend school away from home, and I had to make a decision. I had to choose between the people and the life I loved or reaching the goals I'd set for myself. Maybe it sounds melodramatic, but Edward made it clear: if I left, it was over. It hurt, but I would have resented him the rest of my life had I given up my dreams. So I packed my car and drove away, watching life as I knew it disappear in the rear view mirror. Passing by Lake Sinclair, I was overtaken by so many wonderful memories. I'd grown up on the shores of this lake, hunting, fishing, skiing, and partying, just all around hell raising. It had been years—four years to be exact—since I'd hung out on that lake with my friends. Sure I'd come home a few times, but usually Momma and Daddy came to me, or I'd stay home, and a few close friends would come to me. Pulling into town, I noted the many changes that had occurred in my absence. Milledgeville was Georgia's Antebellum Capital and actual Capital for about sixtyyears. You could feel the history emanating from every building, every nook, every cranny of this little town. What once was a booming town was now a town in distress, the only industries being healthcare, tourism and apparently-with all the new buildings sites I was seeing—construction. Approaching the intersection at W. Hancock, where I needed to turn off to get to Momma and Daddy's, I noticed a new shopping center being constructed. I thought the location might be perfect to open an office, so I turned in, only planning to whip through quickly, to see whether there was a number to call for leasing information. As I pulled in, I felt a little anxious for a moment. I looked around, trying to find the sources of the uneasiness. Then, I saw him, and holy fucking hell—I don't know what I was expecting when I finally saw him again, but it certainly wasn't this man standing there talking to several other workers. The telltale hair peeking out from under the white, construction helmet told me it was definitely him. The tight white t-shirt showed muscles that weren't there the last time I saw him, and the jeans that hugged his ass perfectly made the tan work-boots at the end of the long legs hugged in denim look sinful. Damn he looked good. I hadn't let myself listen to too much about him, but I had heard he was working construction, going to school, and running shine. I'd guessed he managed to stay out of jail because it would have been all over the news had he ever been arrested. Local-boy-makes-good stories always got play, and with the way Edward was pursued nationally, it was big news all over Georgia at the time. And because of the way he'd embarrassed Richt and the University, he was all over ESPN for months after signing day. Four years later, God himself could promise them the ever-elusive crystal football if they brought Edward Cullen onboard, and all they'd ever give him were the directions to hell. Edward waltzed into the media room at school ten minutes after he was supposed to be there. I was worried and surprised. Edward had been so excited over being able to play for Georgia, being late was not something anyone would have expected. He and Carlisle had been in Atlanta for the last month. I'd spoken to him, but not seen him since he'd been back. I knew there was something wrong, but he insisted he was fine. He finally came in, looking every bit the bad-boy with a new tattoo gracing his shoulder, peeking out from the sleeveless, plaid flannel, tonguing a new silver hoop that was looping over the center of his bottom lip. Everyone's jaws were gapping when he picked up the contract, tore it in half, and walked out. Edward was the consummate bad boy of Milledgeville. His kin had been in Baldwin County long before there was a city, and they had all been law-breakers, running shine and raising hell. They had the nicest house on the lake and the nicest one in town. His dad had broken the mold and gone to college and med school, coming home to head up the Psych Hospital. Carlisle, hell the whole town, had ambitious dreams for his son. Edward was one of the smartest guys in school, taking AP classes all four years in high school and graduating Valedictorian. He was also the starting QB, making him the most sought after boy in town. He was a catch, a triple threat: good looking, smart and athletic. The boy had academic and athletic scholarship offers to both Ivy League and top SEC football schools. Yet, deep down, he was just a good ole boy, content to hang out with friends and have a fantastictime. I had my sights set on UGA's College of Veterinary Medicine in Athens, and his plan was to join me, or so I thought. Growing up in Georgia meant there were only two college choices: UGA or Tech, and only traitors went to Tech. Okay, not really, but that's what I grew up believing. Daddy majored in political science and attended law school at Georgia, so I was born with my blood running red and black. The picture of me from the day I came home from the hospital didn't feature me in pink or cute girly prints. No, my parents dressed me head to toe in red and black, tiny bulldogs peppering the fabric, the ever- recognizableG gracing the top. Mark Richt, UGA's head coach, personally took on the recruiting efforts for Edward. They wanted him, bad, and they got him, or so they thought. Matthew Stafford ended up keeping the starting QB job—and landing me for a while, as well. I never got much of an explanation from Edward, only that he felt like a fraud and that he wanted to take it back to his roots. When he all but demanded I stay with him, give up my dreams, I turned and walked away, tears pouring down my cheeks. As I sat there staring at the man before me, remembering the good and no-so-good times, his head snapped up. I knew he couldn't tell who was in the car, but I quickly put it back in drive and pulled out of the parking lot. I wasn't ready to face him, yet. After pulling out, I called Rose, my connection to the past, my best friend for as long as I could remember. EPOV As I was standing there, chatting with the crew before letting them go for the day, I felt it—that unmistakable static in the air. My head popped up to see a little red car just before it pulled out on to W. Hancock. I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that Bella was home. She'd—we'd- always planned to come home, back to Milledgeville, after graduation, but I didn't know if that was still part of her dream, since I no longer was. Bella had been the love of my life. Hell, who was I kidding? Bella would always be the love of my life. I was standing in the parking lot of the high school the first day of freshman year, waiting on Tyler and Mike, when she climbed out of her mom's car. I'd known Bella Swan my whole life, both a benefit and disadvantage of growing up in a small town. Whether it was at a bon-fire on the lake or at the football games, Bella was there, blending into the crowd. But that day was the first time I'd really noticed how beautiful she was. Apparently, I wasn't the only one to notice either. " Damn, did you see Swan?" Mike asked as he approached, Tyler following behind him, nodding furiously. " What?" I asked as if I hadn't been standing there drooling over how good her ass looked in those jeans. " I'm not sure what the Swans did on vacation this summer, but I vote we send some of these other girls," Tyler chimed in. An unfamiliar feeling crept up, making it hard for me to breathe. It wasn't as if I hadn't noticed girls before. We had all spent the last couple of summers talking about whose boobs had grown more, who needed to wear a one-piece suit, and who we thought we might be able to talk out of their panties. Of course, these were cocky fantasies of stupid little boys just experiencing wet dreams for the first time. The reaction I had when I saw her that day was real; it was visceral, and it scared the shit out of me. Trying to play it cool, I said, "Yeah, she's not looking too shabby, but I'm sure Tanya's boob got even bigger this summer." Both of them nodded like idiots, big grins on their faces. Tanya had developed earlier than any of the other girls and had been the star of the masturbation fantasies of every teen boy in town. As the school year progressed, we all began to hang out more outside of school. Bon-fires at the lake were ours now, not our parents, and the booze we stole from their liquor cabinets took the place of coolers full of cokes. We were young, rebellious, and having the time of our lives. I was the first to get my own car, even though all I had was a provisional license. It was 1969 candy-apple red Skylark convertible with a four-fifty-five four barrel under the hood. Dad had been rebuilding the damn thing for years, and I didn't think I'd ever get to sit in the thing, so when he handed me the keys that morning, I think I came in my pants. With the new car came a new image. Gone were the Polo's and khaki's. Jeans, holes strategically placed, and flannel took over my wardrobe, and a cigarette constantly hung off my lip. I had cousins who still ran the still that had been in my family long before Milledgeville was a town, so I don't think anyone was surprised when I showed up with a Masen jar filled with liquid fire the first time. It was that night that changed my life. Ben Cheney was new to town, and of course new blood got attention. All of the girls were fawning over him, offering to bring him a beer from the keg that sat off to the side of the bon-fire on the banks of Lake Sinclair. We