Title: Camp Wannahummah Rating: M Genre: Humor/Romance Word Count: 13,949 Pairing: Edward/Bella Summary: Bella finds herself in the last place she wants to be the summer before her senior year. Camp Wanahummah. But camp may be just the ticket when she sets her sights on the gorgeous camp administrator, Mr. Cullen, heaven's fallen angel in the flesh. It looks like camp just got interesting! Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. ==O==O==O== June 1, 2009 Fuck my life. Really. Fuck. My. Life. Right up the brownie hole with no reach around either. Why me? Of all the times for me not to have anything important scheduled for my summer. Why can't I lie as well as Alice? How was I supposed to know that not only were the Newton's taking a summer-long trip to Europe (I fucking hate them now), but that Jacob was spending most of the summer with his cousin Seth. He should get back just in time for football camp and then...lah de fricken dah, school starts back. So yeah, like I said. Fuck my life. Why's this a problem you ask? Because it freed up my summer, that's why! Why's that such a big deal? Because now that I'm a lame-ass, no vacation to Europe taking, loser … I have been volunteered for camp. Camp was fun when I was little but now? I don't want to be a fucking camp counselor! That's for losers! Bella Swan is in no way, a loser. I remember how much we laughed at and made fun of our counselors and now … I get to be the one being made fun of. Yay me. Fuck me. Normally, my summer would be spent pool-side at the Newton's. Working on my tan while keeping their brats, Mikey and Jess from drowning or starving to death. Did I mention getting paid $200 a week just for sitting on my can and watching television and talking on the phone and ordering pizza? Yeah … it was also fun watching Mr. Newton adjust his pants when we came in from the pool. He jacks off to this. I just know it! I wouldn't be surprised if his wifey didn't plan this whole vacation just to keep her hubby from ogling the hot, young babysitter. Bitch. * Hey now, You're an all-star, get your game on, go play! Hey now, you're a rock star, get* "Hey slut! What's up? Suck Jasper's cock yet? " I tease, knowing that even though Alice can be a sultry minx, her crush on Jasper Whitlock is taking its toll on her. He's a good boy. Alice has never done good boy before; but she wants to. "Don't count me out whore! I'll get that fine man meat in my mouth soon enough! Are you sitting down?" Shit … not more fucktastic news. I can't take it.I flop on my bed and start criss-crossing my legs; I always get compliments on my long, shapely legs and I aim to keep them that way. "What's the news A? Did Vickie not get her period or something? Because that would be SO funny!" She would make a shitty mom, but it would serve her right for bragging about screwing Riley … to Riley's girlfriend. "Nothing as good as that. It's actually depressing as hell, unless I find out that Jasper's going too, then it's gonna be fuckawesome!" She's lost me now. The only thing she finds depressing is when it's raining on game night and her hair is whack. "What the hell are you going on about Alice? Where is Jasper going?" Not that I give a shit where he's going, but apparently Alice is going to be there as well, so I might need the nitty gritty on this. With my poolside plans canceled, it would be bad if she won the lottery or something. Wait, she said depressing, so that can't be it. "Camp, Bella! My dad signed me up to be a camp counselor this summer! I could just die! But there are guy counselors too and Jasper did used to go to camp so I'm keeping my tits crossed that he's going too." "Okay … first off, don't cross your tits! That's just gross and if you could cross your tits, I would not give you the time of day because you'd be like a hundred freakin' years old or something! Secondly, I can't believe you're going to camp, you loser!" I can hear her bitching on the other end of the line and I have to put her out of her misery. "Fine … we're both losers. I'm going to camp too. There! Satisfied? Our social life has just taken a major hit and we'll be the school pariahs this Fall." "Listen up Smella! You can be a pariah if you want, but I'm using this to my advantage! Think of all the guys who will be there! Jacob is gone for the summer so you might as well enjoy it! I bet he sure as hell will! Remember when he came home after Thanksgiving with his family, and that bitch Leah kept calling until you cussed her out and threatened to set her hair on fire! You think he's going to spend all summer with her and not hit that? Come on Bella! It'll be fun! You'll see." I'm pretty sure that somewhere down the line … someone noted that " it'll be fun … you'll see " as famous last words. Coming from Alice, I know we're bound to get into trouble, but that's usually when we're having the most fun too. "Ugh! Fine! I mean, it's not like I have a choice anyway. The bus leaves tomorrow morning bright and early. I hate you, ho!" Alice is giggling on the other end and I can just see her fist pump in the air. "Yeah … I hate you too, ho! I'll see you bright and early in the morning! Don't be late!" She hangs up and I toss my phone on my nightstand. Jacob's football picture sits there by my stuffed unicorn. Alice is right about one thing, he's gonna get into Leah's panties as sure as I'm the best cock sucker on the squad. Dammit. ==O==O==O== My alarm goes off at 4:45 and even though I'm already packed, and all I have to do is shower and get dressed … I don't even want to get up. But … I know Alice will hound my ass relentlessly if I'm the loser who's late and sits with her so I roll my ass out. I'm just tying my halter top as my cell phone rings, which reminds me … I should change Alice's ringtone. Something embarrassing since she called me out on Jacob and Leah. "Yello slut … what's up?" I can hear the noise in the background and I pull my phone back to check the time. Fuck. "What's up is you are fucking late! I talked to Mr. Cope and lucky for you, you're on the way and we are stopping to get you so get your shit and be standi …. oh my fuckkkkk!" I hear Alice whimper and then she shushes me when I try to get her to spill. I'm pulling my hair into a pony tail and grabbing a granola bar and a coke when she gets back on the line. Finally! "Bella … he's fucking beautiful! You're gonna cream your panties … oh my god! He's tall, and has that fuck me smile … his jaw … the scruff! Shit Bella! Shit! Shit! Shit!" Yeah yeah yeah … whatever. "Look Alice … I'm thrilled for you that Jasper is going but you don't have to call me up and have an orgasm over the phone. I love you but you can rein in the sharing now." I'm walking out the door to sit on the top step and wait for the bus. My mom drags her ass out of her bedroom long enough to kiss me and tell me to behave. Yeah mom … I sure will. Ha! "No you dim-witted cunt! Our driver … he's a camp administrator or something. I missed the details because I was too busy eye fucking him to listen. He's the sexiest fucking man I've ever seen Bella! I swear! He's … damn! He's way hotter than Jasper!" It dawns on us both that this driver is on his way to get me. At my home. This fucking hot driver is going to know where I live. Win. And. Win. "Alice! If you had to guess … how old would you say this guy is? Like gross-droopy-balls old, or still young enough to be seen with in the daylight old? By the way, you called me to tell me about him so HANDS OFF!" She laughs and hangs up on me. She hung up on me! I leave my shit on the steps and run back in and change bikini tops. No harm in showing them off, right? I dab on a little mascara and fluff up my ponytail a little higher. While I'm at it, I change into my dangerously short shorts and spritz on some smelly shit. Never hurts. Wait. Why the hell am I so desperate? This guy couldn't be as hot as Alice says. No way is he as built and sexy as Jacob with his six pack and everlasting tan. I'm sitting on the stoop when I hear the bus climbing the hill before our place. I gather my backpack and my suitcase and go to the end of the walk to meet the bus. The sunlight is bouncing off the windshield right where the driver is, so I can't see him. Dammit! The bus pulls up and stops. I continue to stare as the doors open and Heaven's Fallen Angel is gazing down the steps at me. I start to board the bus but my future lover pulls the parking brake and is getting off. I'm frozen on the spot. Every sexy pose I was planning on showing him has been forgotten. My game plan completely obliterated because this guy has left me dumbstruck. That's how fucking gorgeous he is! "Umm … you can't take the suitcase on the bus. I'll have to stow it under here." It's then that I realize he's raised the side of the bus storage … which also means I missed seeing him from behind because I was standing here like a vegetable. I walk over and start to put it under there but it won't go. I finally give up and ask him for help. It's then that I notice he's staring down my top … oh yeah . If they could, my girls would high five each other. Eww. Now I'm talking like Alice. "Eye's up here handsome!" Not that I blame him for looking, but I definitely want him aware that he's been caught. Just as I will ogle him every chance I get for the next two weeks. He squats down and moves luggage until he gets my suitcase stowed away while I just stand there and lust over his long lean back. Alice was right … he's by far the sexiest man I've seen in all my 17 years! "You can go on and board the bus …" He remains squatted down by the bus. "Bella … Bella Swan." I hold my hand out for him to shake and then I try to pull him up, but he holds tight to the bus. He's totally got a woody ! Why else would he not want to get up? Why would he want me to get on the bus? Ha! Score Bella Swan! "Okay then … I'll just … yeah." I step on the bottom step and then peek back around just as he stands, and … YES! Adjusting those shorts and OMG … what a bulge!