Chapter 1 "You want us to what?" Hermione said and stared at the professor right in front of her. "You cannot seriously ask me to live with this idiot?" "But Miss Granger," tried McGonagall. "Every Head Girl before you has lived with the Head Boy, you cannot possible ask us to make an exception for you, just because of your history." Hermione continued to stare at her professor. She didn't want to disappoint her, but she just didn't feel like she could make that much of a sacrifice. Living with Draco Malfoy. How could McGonagall seriously think that they would not murder each other by the end of the week? "You will only have to share a common room, bathroom and kitchen. You will each have your own bedroom, I am sure you can come to an agreement with Mr. Malfoy?" asked the professor and gave her the look. The kind of look that wouldn't leave any room for a discussion. Hermione sighed and tried to give herself a pep talk. Maybe Malfoy had grown up as well? He surely couldn't be as bad as he had been during first year? "Okay professor, I will try my best, but I am sure Malfoy wont agreeing to this," Hermione tired one last time. "Oh he already did. He will await you in your new chambers," McGonagall said. "The password is unity ." With that McGonagall continued to write something down and Hermione left the headmistresses office. Draco Malfoy of all people. She made her way to her new chambers and tried to ignore the panic that was beginning to rise. Come on girl, you have defeated the Dark Lord, surely you can handle a little bit of Draco Malfoy. But honestly Hermione was not sure, if she could handle Draco Malfoy of all people. He had always had a way of getting to her and regardless of what she told herself, it was not easy to ignore him. But his side had lost and Hermione's had won. She would not be scared of him anymore. He was just a boy and he would not harm her in Hogwarts.. Or would he? Hermione reached the portray that led to her rooms, mumbled the password and walked into her new chambers. The room had wonderful, high ceilings. Two armchairs and a sofa were draped in front of a fireplace. She was still admiring her new home, when she spotted two people sitting in the armchairs. A head with black and one with blond hair where visible and Hermione braced herself against the attack that she saw coming. But neither of the two had heard Hermione and the boys continued their conversation. Hermione saw her chance and made her way to the staircase that was leading to her bedroom. As she reached the top stairs Hermione thought that she heard a low growl, but she hurried forward to her room, fled inside and shut the door. She sunk on her bed and tried to release all the tension she felt in her body. Hermione stared at the ceiling until the exhaustion hit her and she fell asleep. downstairs "Draco? Are you alright?" Blaise looked worriedly at his best friend. Draco had turned towards the staircase leading to Granger's room and was growling? "Draco?" "Blaise", Draco murmured, his gaze still fixed on the staircase. "There is something I must tell you." "Okay, so you know my summer has been pretty different. My father is forced to stay at the manor all the time and my mother tries her best to restore the Malfoy name. I really couldn't care less about what my father does, but one day during summer, he summoned me to his study," Draco breathed out heavily and looked at Blaise. "He made me sit down and then he just told me." "He told you what? What did he tell you Draco?" asked Blaise and looked at his best friend worriedly. "He told me.. That I was a werewolf," said Draco and buried his face in his hands. Blaise looked at his friend. He didn't know what to think, he saw Draco being desperate and tried to make up what he thought about this. A werewolf. Draco, a werewolf. "Well.. So what changes Apart from the fur?" Blaise asked. Draco looked at his friend and gave him an icy glare. Draco said dryly: "I might develop a stronger appetite for raw meat, my senses are heightened and I will turn into a fucking wolf every full moon, but oh no worries mate, apart from that I will be just the same." Draco turned from his friend and threw a pillow through the whole room. "No need to get sassy. I am just trying to figure this situation out, it isn't much easier for me to grasp this. After all, we all thought we were purebloods, the purest of the pure," Blaise added and fixed his gaze on something very far away from Draco's eyes. "Thanks, no need to rub salt into the wound, but to be honest this is not all. My father is also a werewolf and well my mother is his mate. As in a girlfriend for a lifetime," said Draco this and Blaise started to laugh. "This is just ridiculous," Blaise said, interrupted by laughter. "You find out, that you are a werewolf and the thing you're most worried about, is that you will love someone until the end of your life. That you will never be alone. Yeah, I am sure that's the bad part about it." At this, Blaise looked at Draco and rolled his eyes. Draco looked at his best friend and felt the relaxed he had been in days. It had been difficult to not talk about this with anyone and Draco couldn't help himself, but to feel a little lost. Everything he had once stood for was a lie. "But you can't tell anyone Blaise, ok? My parents know and McGonagall knows, because she is the headmistress, but that's it", he looked Blaise in eye and saw to his relief that his best friend was nodding. "Of course buddy, your secret is safe with me and hey, now I'll be able to have a little fun with you. All those jokes that I will be able to tell, that no one will understand," said Blaise and mischief twinkled in his eyes. Draco closed his eyes and buried his head in his hands, once again. the next morning Hermione woke up and blinked a few times. She took in her surroundings and couldn't keep the smile from spreading on her face. Finally, she was at Hogwarts again. It wasn't that she didn't like the boys and being with them, but Hogwarts was her home and she had missed it a lot this past year, especially the library. Oh, all those books she would be able to read. Only thinking about the books made her feel all fuzzy and happy inside. She got out of bed, picked up her robes and made her way to the bathroom. The door was open and no Malfoy was in sight. Thankfully. She had yet to encounter him and she couldn't help, but feel a little happy, that their meeting was not happening right now. What she needed now was a good shower and a nice breakfast. Not ferret boy. As soon as the shower turned on, Draco stirred. Why did she have to take her shower so early and why did she have to be so bloody loud about it? He grabbed his pillow and put it over his head. For Grangers sake he hoped that he would be able to sleep another hour. He just knew that their first meeting wouldn't be pleasant otherwise and just by the way this day had started he was pretty sure that he would see her today. What a lucky fellow he was. after classes Hermione sighed contently. She was sitting at their little table in the common room and looking at the paper she had just finished. No one liked homework, but Hermione couldn't deny that she had somehow missed the process of achieving this sort of thing. The classes had been pretty much the same. There was now an 8th grade for all those students that hadn't been able to attend classes last year. They weren't many, maybe about 18, but it was nice to see all those people again. Well, except for those Slytherin faces but oh well, what could you do about it? Hermione looked at her finished assignment and couldn't help but wonder if Ron and Harry were already behind again. She would bet on it. Hermione was feeling content and just about to start her Potions assignment, when Draco Malfoy walked in. Oh no. "Granger." "Malfoy." They stared at each other. Hermione looked at Malfoy and noticed that he looked different. It almost seemed like he was sniffing? He had his head crooked to the left side, his eyes were half closed and he was sniffing. She couldn't find another word for it. "Are you alright Malfoy?" "Yes, yes, I am perfectly fine," mumbled he absently. "You smell different. Do you have a new perfume?" Hermione couldn't help but gape at him. A new perfume? What was he trying to do? Humiliate her by being weird? She couldn't figure him out, so she did what she could do best, attack. "Sure, I bought it yesterday, just for you. Together with the lingerie set in Slytherin green, I was hoping we would get it on tonight," Hermione remarked dryly and waited. One, two, three.. "What?! Sod off Granger. I would never get it on with you!" shouted Malfoy and looked at her as if she had lost her mind. Hermione just smirked. Merlin, he must have come to his senses again. "Well, weren't you just asking me about my perfume and complementing me, that I smelled oh so delicious?" Hermione asked and couldn't help but smirk. Malfoy just gaped at her and tried desperately to come up with a witty comeback, or at least some insult, but it seemed that his head was empty. Damn that perfume of hers, he couldn't seriously be attracted to that annoying know-it-all's perfume. Hermione seemed to have mercy with him, because she then started talking again. "See Malfoy, I like working with you as much as I like licking Dragon poo. Not at all, but we have to make this work, because I wont risk losing my head status just because we can't be civil to each other. So what do you think? Should we call it a truce?" Hermione looked like someone was giving her something extremely sour to eat when she said this. She was grimacing, but Draco couldn't help but admire her for trying to be the bigger person. It was a logical suggestion and Draco had thought about the same thing, because they would, after all, be living together. "Yes, I believe that's a good idea. Maybe we should also talk about some rules? Living together might not be easy and we can at least try to make it easier by making some rules?" Now it was Hermione's turn to gape. She couldn't believe that she hadn't come up with this idea. She was the most organised person in the world, but the idea of rules hadn't even crossed her mind. She mentally slapped herself for not being as prepared, as she had wanted to be. "Okay, rules..," Hermione stumbled and tried to avoid eye contact with Malfoy. She couldn't help it; he still made her feel uneasy. "Well first of all, I think we should both be allowed to invite our friends over. I won't be complaining when those Gryffindor goofs come around and therefore you will be tolerating my Slytherin friends?" "They are not goofs! Stop calling them that, but yes, that seems sound. I also think, we uhm.. Maybe shouldn't.. You know..," Hermione stuttered and