TheLight of Valar Chapter 1: "Mama, why must we go away alone?" the young girl asked, looking up at the older woman with shining eyes. They were like the green leaves of the north forest, yet the tears clouding them resembled the great seas to the west. The woman knelt down to the child and embraced her. The young girl, only nine summers old, was shaking, but from the chilling night air or fear, she did not know. "There is much darkness coming, my child. You must flee before it comes to us," the woman told her. Behind them a chestnut mare neighed impatiently as it fought against the leather bindings holding it to the rail. It was as if it could smell the evil coming and was attempting to escape it. The woman looked at it, and then down the road. Her eyes could not see much through the darkness, but she could feel in her bones that they were drawing close. "But what is the darkness?" the small girl asked, her face filling with curiosity. The woman smiled down at her; even in such times she could find a way to be young and naive. "I cannot tell you now, but someday you will know. Then maybe you will understand why I am doing this." She then stood, not caring that the mud of the road stained her skirts, and looked toward the house. "Esalar!" she called. A young boy came running from the house, a small pack cradled in his arms as well as a long black sheath. He was not even thirteen summers old and yet there he was with his father's sword, ready to protect his family. The thought made the woman shudder with grief, the idea of her son wielding such a thing against an enemy so terrible made her darkest nightmares seem like wonderful dreams. As the boy approached, the woman relieved him of his burdens. The boy ran to the horse and climbed onto its back with difficulty, the mud making the bottoms of his boots slippery. And as if the night was not dark enough, the heavens opened up and it began to rain. It pounded on the earth, and they were soaked through within seconds. The woman secured the pack to the side bag on the horse and went to the little girl. Picking her up, the woman carried her over to the horse and placed her in front of the young boy. They were all shivering now, but they had no time to delay. Slowly the woman passed the long sword to the boy, who held it in his hands. It was too large, too bulky for his small form, there was no way he could wield it in real danger, but it was the best protection she could provide. "I never thought I would have to see my son hold such a weapon in his own hands. I never thought I would have to see my own children face such evil," the woman said. "Come with us Mama!" the boy shouted through the downpour. The woman shook her head. "No. Nemarion cannot bear all of us and you will ride faster with just two." The young boy and girl looked down upon their mother, their tears masked by the rain streaking down their faces. She looked back, trying to be strong, but felt her will beginning to fade. "Esalar, you must take your sister and ride east. Do not go into the forest, they will find you there. Do not rest until you are past Midgewater. You must be invisible to everything," she said, tightening the bags and packs on the horse's saddle. "Mama…" Esalar begged. "When you see the white rock and the blue river, wait there for no more than three nights. Someone will find you there and they will take you to where it is safest. If anything is to go wrong you take your sister and you run. Do you understand me?" Esalar looked at her and slowly shook his head. "Mama, I can't do this. I can't protect us both." The woman reached up and put a hand on her son's face. "You can and you will. You have always been your father's son, Esalar. When the time is right, you will know what you must do," she said. Suddenly there was a scream and the three looked down the road where a house was now a blazing fire. More screams pierced the night and more things were set alight. "They are here," the woman muttered under her breath. She turned back to her children and untied the horse from the rail. "You must go Esalar. And go quickly." The small girl reached out to her mother, her sobs now racking her body. The woman took her daughter's hand and kissed it gently. "You must be brave. We will see each other again," she said. "When? Where?" Esalar asked urgently. The woman looked at him with a smile on her face, but sadness in her eyes. "When the time is right. Where everything and everyone is at peace. In the undying lands." Esalar's eyes grew wide. "No, Mama! No! You can't leave! No!" "Esalar, look at me!" the woman shouted. "My time has passed. It is time for me to go on. There is still time left for you and your sister. Now go!" The boy looked at her, still not commanding their horse to move. The screams grew louder, this time mixed with the hideous cackles of the dark creatures tearing apart their town. "Go Esalar!" the woman screamed. The boy looked at her one last time before turning Nemarion around. He nudged the horse forward and they broke into a gallop. The small girl screamed for her mother but no one, only her brother, was there to comfort her. The woman stood in the middle of the road, watching as her children left the village. The creatures grew closer and she could now see their silhouettes in the dark. With one last look over her shoulder towards her children she said, "Run hard Esalar. And I will see you soon." A creature came into focus and it grinned at her with crooked yellow teeth. In its hand it held a blackened piece of metal, covered in what she could only imagine as the blood of her friends and fellow townsfolk. The creature raised its weapon and walked over to her, seeing that she would not run. "You were our last wish Aeothen. I love you." And with that she took her last breath. They rode on hard for days and did not stop until they had gone well past the village of Midgewater. Aeothen had not stopped crying until the day previous, unable to believe that their mother was gone. Even her brother Esalar, who usually always found a way to cheer her up, could do nothing to lift her mood. Not that he had tried very hard. Esalar was in a fit of depression as well and being the only protector and guide made things worse. They were camped in a small hollow in the side of a rock face, but Aeothen did not pay much detail to that. Her mother was gone. Dead. She had stayed behind so that they could escape. It wasn't right. It wasn't fair. Aeothen looked up when a hand touched her shoulder. Esalar looked down at her, his eyes tired and weary, and held a piece of bread out to her. She took it but did not eat right way. She merely stared at it. Her mother was gone. To the undying lands, as she said. She used to tell them stories of its beauty and how everything was in its right place there. She told them of the cool blue water and the lush ivy trees and the radiant sunlight. She used to tell them of where their father was. Aeothen never knew him, he passed on before she had been birthed, but her mother told her stories. He was a great man, handsome and strong and brave. He died protecting another, she said, but Aeothen never asked more. Now she wished she had. Now she wished she had done so much more. "Aeothen, you must eat something." She was brought out of her thoughts and looked over to Esalar. He was watching her encouragingly, but the pain was still evident in his eyes. "How can I eat? Everyone's gone now," Aeothen said, tearing up at the end. Esalar stood up and came over to her. He sat beside her, wrapping his arms around her and resting her head on his shoulder. "We still have each other. We'll keep riding until we find the white rock and the blue river and we will be safe. Not everything is lost Aeothen," he said. Aeothen nodded. He was right. They still had each other. And she remembered what her mother had told her. That she must be brave. Aeothen knew she would try to be, but how brave can one so small be? She woke later, not knowing how long she had slept for, but darkness had once again fallen over the fields before them. Aeothen could not even see her own hand it was so dark, and she no longer felt Esalar beside her. She began to panic, moving around in the darkness searching with her hands, but she could not find him. It didn't occur to her for a while to use her voice and when she did, it came out in a frightened whisper. "Esalar?" Something stirred beside her and then she heard, "Aeothen? What is it?" Aeothen let out a relieved sigh and felt her way over to where the voice had sounded from. She quickly found Esalar and curled up beside him again. "Aeothen, what's wrong?" Esalar questioned. "Nothing. I couldn't find you and I thought you were gone," Aeothen answered. Esalar sighed. "I'm not going anywhere Aeothen," he said. Aeothen looked up in his general direction. "Do you promise?" she asked. "Yes, I promise." Aeothen smiled in the darkness and her eyes began to drift closed again. She was on the edge of slumber when Esalar tensed beside her. Aeothen stirred and opened her eyes. It was a bit brighter, dawn must have been coming, but still dark enough for them to be hidden. She looked up to Esalar and could now see that his face held a look of fear and concentration. "Esalar, what…?" "Shh!" Aeothen sat still, unmoving, and waited for whatever had him so nervous. A few moments passed and she wondered perhaps he was imagining things, but then she heard it. Hoof beats and mumbled voices. Fear rose inside her and Aeothen too tensed. Whoever it was, they sounded like they were coming closer and there was more than one of them. "Esalar! Nemarion, he's…!" she said in a hurried whisper. "I know! Quiet!" Esalar interrupted. They sat in silence and soon enough they heard the horses stop and the strangers dismount them. Esalar wrapped his arms around Aeothen tightly to protect her, and she turned away towards the rock wall, trying to block out the sound of the approaching outsider. She heard Nemarion snort and step around a few times and then a strong, deep voice reached her ears. "What do you see, Malnhir?" They listened as someone shifted through the packs still attached to Nemarion's saddle, and a new voice, lighter than the last replied, "Enough provisions for a fortnight at least. Clothes for two. Small… like children." "Tracks?" the strong voice asked again. Aeothen heard more shuffling and grass being moved. "It's too dark to tell for sure, but they too seem small. What would children be doing out here?" No answer came and then suddenly the strong voice seemed remarkably close. "Come out, we will not cause you any harm." Aeothen looked at Esalar, who shook his head. She turned back