Summary: AU/Crossover - Westeros has been in a state of war for 10 years, but when Lord Trenton Trinket - son of the self-proclaimed King in the North - approaches the young King Haymitch with an offer that would ensure peace, his council implores him to accept. Now, the potential peace of Westeros depends on the joining of the two major feuding Houses, and Haymitch must learn to tolerate a woman he despises for the good of his Kingdoms. A/N: I hope it's not as bad as I just made it sound. I've had this planned for ages. Just so you know, there's no Effie in this chapter, but it sets the scene and mentions her grandfather. That's important. So… enjoy (hopefully), and let me know if anything confuses you. :) The week's weather had been the best King's Landing had seen for months. The air was still and hot; humid; and the citizens had been out in their thousands to go splash in the lakes and rivers around the capital. Of course, hot weather meant one other thing: the streams in the woods would be teeming with wildlife, both big and small. It was the perfect time for a hunt, so that's exactly what Haymitch and his friends had set out to do. Only two days had passed, but the Gods seemed to have favoured them and blessed them with excellent weather and endless luck. They had managed to bring down almost as much game as one would catch in a less favourable week. Giddy from the hunt and the wine they had treated themselves to for the ride home, Haymitch and his friends - including his loyal best friend, Chaff - laughed and joked as they headed towards King's Landing. A content smile seemed permanent on Haymitch's face as his friends mocked him about girls. "Seriously, 'Mitch, you don't know what you're missing out on." Chaff teased and reached over to slap Haymitch playfully on the arm. He had been Haymitch's best friend for as long as they could both remember. They were practically brothers; way past the formalities of being a Prince and his subject. "I had a great girl just last week. Red head, she was. Great body, great mouth and even better tits!" Chaff proclaimed and guffawed loudly. Haymitch laughed and shook his head. "And you're welcome to her. I have Ariana. I don't need whores." "Haymitch is in love." Chaff turned to inform the other men in their party, teasing. Even the guards shared in a small laugh. "And what's wrong with being in love? Ariana's a great girl from a good, strong, loyal family, and-" "Yeah… Gentle, yet strong ." Chaff announced the House Gold words in a high-pitched, mock-Western accent, his hands making sarcastic gestures in the air, and everyone in the group - including Haymitch - laughed. "Alright, alright." Haymitch shook his head once more, a smile still on his face from his friend's mocking. "Their words are a little strange, but their army's damn strong. Great allies. Join them with ours and any rebels don't stand a chance in hell. They'd be wiped out in a week, tops." "Fair point, fair point." Chaff agreed, nodding, but still couldn't help chuckling as he repeated the words of House Gold in a murmur, earning a snicker from Haymitch beside him. "You're mocking your future Queen. I might let her take your head one day." Haymitch joked. "And who would blame her for taking it? It sure is a fine head." Chaff replied, grinning, and the two friends laughed. "Prince Haymitch!" The urgent voice of one of the guards from behind them stopped the young men's laughter in an instant, and both turned their heads to see what the matter was. "What's wrong, Ser?" "Smoke on the horizon." The Knight replied and pointed ahead above the trees. Haymitch turned his head in the direction and felt dread fill him immediately. "That's King's Landing!" He yelled, horrified, and instantly kicked his horse into a gallop, not wasting a second. His men followed, urgently pushing their horses through the trees towards the citadel. —|— In the distance, a horn sounded to announce the Prince's return, and Haymitch could hear people rushing around by the gate. As they approached and passed through the Gate of the Gods, Haymitch grew uneasy. The citizens watched his journey with solemn faces; the ones who were alive and well, at least. In the streets, soldiers and civilians alike lay dead or wounded, and people rushed with buckets of water, attempting to put out many fires that were spreading through the wooden buildings of Cobbler's Square. "What happened here?!" Haymitch roared to his friends as they trotted towards the Red Keep, slowed by the chaos in the streets. "I don't know. Let's just get to the Keep." Chaff replied, before screaming at some people in the road to move aside for their Prince. It took a few very long minutes for Haymitch and Chaff to reach the Keep. His guards had stopped by the gate to help their brothers in arms control the frantic, panicking citizens, and his two friends that had accompanied them had parted ways to find their families. As they dismounted their horses, Haymitch heard a frantic, familiar voice call his name. He whirled around at the sound. "Uncle Landon. What is this?" "Haymitch… Come. Now. Leave the horses." Haymitch looked on, dumbfounded for a second and terrified. "COME!" At his uncle's command, Haymitch seemed to find sense again, and sprinted after his father's brother towards the throne room, full of dread and fear. "Uncle… What happened?" He asked, panting from the effort of running while semi-intoxicated. "Your father. Your mother. Hayden. Ariana. I… I was powerless." Haymitch's eyes widened at his uncle's words, and all effects of the wine quickly faded from his system. He sprinted ahead, his new found urgency pushing him faster. When he burst through the large oak doors to the throne room, he felt his heart - his entire world - stop. The room was strangely dark, and a sense of death and mourning seemed to hang heavy in the air like a thick, smothering blanket that seemed to crush Haymitch's lungs and prevent the flow of air. In a trance, he staggered forward, passing the dead or wounded bodies of more than half of his father's Kingsguard. But he could pay them no mind. At the bottom of the steps to the throne were 4 make-shift beds - tables, they looked like, lined with cushions and fabrics to apparently make them more dignified. Atop the tables - cold, still and lifeless, eyes staring blankly up at the ceiling - were the people he held most dear; his world. His eyes scanned them, his brain unable to process what he was really seeing for a moment until his vision settled on where his father lay slain, nearest to the throne with his crown on his head and a sword placed respectfully in his grasp. Stunned silent, he moved forward unsteadily and collapsed to his knees by his father's side, eyes wide and rage beginning to make his body shake. It seemed like years to Haymitch before someone dared speak. "Your Highness…" At the intrusion on his silent, angered grief, Haymitch took in what felt like the first breath he'd taken in hours and quickly jumped to his feet, charging at the Knight who had dared disturb him. He grabbed the man by the shoulders and roughly pushed him into a wall, his still-gloved hand finding the man's throat and adding slight pressure. To give the young Ser credit, he didn't whimper, though his eyes were full of fear. "WHAT HAPPENED?!" Haymitch roared, eyes wild, as if the young Knight in his grasp was personally responsible. "Your Highness, please!" The man spluttered. "Please!" Haymitch tightened his grip, content with murdering an innocent man just to relieve his anger. But a firm hand on his shoulder caused his grip to loosen, and he looked around to see the pained, sympathetic face of his uncle. "Haymitch. Stop." His uncle pleaded, grief clear in his face. Haymitch obliged, stepping away from the young Knight who now gasped for air, slumped on the cold floor. He turned and looked over his family again, this time moving between his mother and brother and grasping their hands. "Who did this?" He spoke quietly, his voice still holding rage that was just waiting to explode. "Your father… That was Lord Tristain." His uncle answered his question, sitting by the King's side. "And mother? Hayden? Ariana?" "…The bastard. Coriolanus Snow." Haymitch winced at his uncle's reply. Snow. He'd always known the man was trouble; always known he was not to be trusted. He'd warned his father; his uncle; his mother, all of them. He'd warned them, and the only person to listen had been Ariana. Rising to his feet again, he sucked in a sharp breath and moved to Ariana's side. She was beautiful; naturally pale with almost black hair and the most beautiful, striking, lively blue eyes he'd ever seen in his life; eyes he would never see again. Choking back tears, he cleared his throat, willing himself to remain strong and not break down in front of his father's - no… His court. His father was dead. These were his men now. He gently brushed some hair from Ariana's face, sadly remembering the way she used to beam at him when he did so. A smile he would never see again. He could feel the grief slowly eating away at his very soul, and when he glanced back to his family - his mother: beautiful, with golden blonde hair and sky blue eyes; his brother a spitting image of him, except 4 years younger and with strange, natural blonde streaks in his hair; and his father, an exact image of what Haymitch would grow up to be - he vowed justice for them. He vowed revenge, and he allowed this anger and determination to assist him to his feet, standing tall, proud and strong, just as his father always did. "Bring them to me." He spoke and caught the fleeting looks of guilt cross the faces of his guards. "Haymitch…" His uncle began, but Haymitch interrupted. "Bring me the traitors. Now!" He commanded, glaring at the guards who seemed to be avoiding eye contact with him. "BRING ME THE TRAITORS!" The room fell silent; still; and everyone seemed to share glances, almost urging each other to be the first to speak. Haymitch's fury built with each second, until a guard from the back - out of view - spoke up. "They escaped, your Highness." Every guard appeared to hold his breath, except Haymitch's uncle, who sighed deeply and slumped down onto the steps by the Iron Throne. "HOW DID THEY ESCAPE?!" Haymitch roared. "WHO LET THEM ESCAPE! I'LL KILL ANY MAN WHO LET THEM PASS!" "We fought, your Highness, but we couldn't-" "YOU LET THEM ESCAPE!" Haymitch's screaming made even the biggest guard in the room jump, all knowing full well what grief could drive a man to do. "GATHER THE FORCES AND BRING THEM TO ME! NOW! I COMMAND IT! I WANT THEIR HEADS BEFORE DAWN, OR I'LL DAMN WELL TAKE ALL YOURS!" He shook with rage, his mind frenzied with the desire for revenge; for blood. When no guard moved, he reached for his sword, but his uncle's hand around his wrist stopped him from fully pulling the blade from it's sheath. "GET OFF ME, UNCLE!" He commanded, swinging his left elbow in an attempt to free himself, but his uncle was a strong man who had the advantage of years in the Kingsguard. "Haymitch, calm yourself! Stop! They're gone, Haymitch. Please." Landon Abernathy pleaded with his nephew, desperately trying to hold him still as he struggled. "Haymitch, you'll shame yourself! You'll shame our House. Just stop, nephew! I beg you." Finally, after screaming himself hoarse and struggling