A/N: I have to thank fandoms-own-my-soul on Tumblr for betaing this story and listening to my rants. "Did you hear about the robbery the other night?" "There's so many of those happening lately that I've lost track. Which one are you talking about?" "The El Relámpago one. They stole that rare blue diamond from the Spanish Royalty exhibition at the museum." "Ohh, that one. Yeah, I heard about it. It's unbelievable that the police didn't catch the thief." "I know right!" "It makes you wonder if the police are doing their job…" Annabeth sighed. She was tired of hearing the same conversations about the robberies every time she walked around the city. Ever since she moved from San Francisco, her stress levels had gone up; trying to stop all the unsolved crimes that the previous detectives had left was, in no way, an easy feat. She accepted the offer they made her because she wanted to experiment new things and in the way maybe get closer to her Soulmate. And it appeared at least one of those things was working out for her. The mark on her wrist had become more detailed; it had always been just a line, but now that Annabeth was in New York it became a complete trident. Sometimes even a few waves appeared behind it. Unfortunately, her work had prevented her from going on a full search for her Soulmate. Annabeth swore that for every crime they solved two more cases dropped on her table. It was exhausting. Adding to that, she didn't remember the last time she had free time. Even now she was on her way to a meeting with her partner to go over the leads they had on the latest robbery. She had to come back to the real world when she saw the coffee shop they were meeting at. When she entered, Annabeth noticed that Jason wasn't there yet. She looked at her watch, 6:30. Still some time left until Jason arrived. Since there was a long line to order and people kept coming in, she decided to just do the line while she waited for Jason. After fifteen minutes of being in the line, Annabeth finally reached the cash register. She ordered two black coffees for her and Jason; the line was long and he was probably about to get there, so she didn't see a reason why she couldn't order for him as well. As she was receiving her change, the barista–a tall guy, with sea-green eyes, and black hair–saw her mark and commented on it. "Huh. Found the lucky one?" Annabeth didn't get what he was referring to at first, but when she looked down at her mark she understood. She must've made a face because he also commented on that. "This is the first time it became complete isn't it? Well, good luck finding them in this crowd." And just like that, he called the next person in line. Not long after, Annabeth was walking around looking at people's arms trying to find someone with a completed mark. But to Annabeth's disappointment, the more she moved around the more her mark became incomplete. Her search had to stop when she saw Jason coming in and Annabeth's name was called to indicate her order was ready. She greeted Jason and told him to get them a table while she went to get their coffees. As she seated down in front of Jason, he looked curiously at her. "Did something happen? You look kind of...disappointed." "It's nothing, just the usual soulmate stuff." He gave her an understanding look, but not wanting to dwell much on it, she changed the topic to work. "So, did you find something on the thief?" "Well, various witnesses from multiple robberies," Jason started as he took out some papers from his case, "Have identified the thief who stole El Relámpago as the same one in other robberies." "Do we have a face or physical description?" "Not really. Our thief usually wears ski masks that only let his eyes show." As he said this, he gave her pictures of the suspect to look at. There wasn't much to see, but at least they had a photo of him. Most of their night was spent looking at different pictures and files of the cases. The more they looked at them, the more Annabeth felt like screaming: these cases were over a month old and they still hadn't solved them. They didn't realize it was late until the barista told them that they were closing. It was then that Annabeth realized how tired she really was. Maybe she was being over dramatic, but she felt especially tired after knowing her Soulmate was there and she couldn't find them. She guessed it was nothing strange: it happened to everybody at one point in their lives. Even though she knew that it didn't help Annabeth with her frustration. It's useless to think about that. I have to rest my mind if I want to solve all those cases. She repeated that phrase over and over again in her mind all the way to her apartment. By the time she arrived, she was so sleepy that she didn't even remember why she was saying that. Annabeth was having her much deserved rest when she received Jason's text. Meet me in front of the National Bank in 15. I may have a lead on our thief. It was almost a week later since their meeting at the coffee shop, and this was the first time they had a concrete lead. That night she had to cover the night shift since one of their partners had taken the day off, so she was trying to stay awake and not fall asleep. So far, it had been a calm night. That is until she received Jason's text. Without saying much to her colleagues at the station, she rushed out towards one of the stationed patrol cars. As she approached the bank, she visibly slowed down and tried to stay in the shadows. Annabeth located Jason at the far off right corner of the bank parked in his car. Look to your left. I'm already here, she texted him. I see you. Park somewhere close to the entrance, but that your car won't be seen from there. Annabeth did as she was told and parked opposite to Jason in a concealed space with a clear view of the bank's entrance. What are we waiting for? Is the suspect going to rob this bank? Yeah. According to a reliable source, he plans on robbing it tonight. Reliable source or not, they seemed to be right. As soon as she finished reading the text, and focused on the bank's entrance again, she saw a figure pass by it. Annabeth figured that the thief had already made a map in his head of the bank and all the possible entrances with less vigilance. I saw him. He passed by the main entrance going in your direction. Did you see where he went? I did. He entered through one of the staff entrances. It seemed he had an employee card. We should call for reinforcements and wait. Why? He's alone and there's two of us. Besides, if we wait he could exit through another side and we wouldn't notice. If we want to catch him we have to act now. Annabeth, I don't believe that's the safest plan of action. I know that you want to solve this the fastest way possible, but many things could go wrong, he might be armed, he could end up hurting you and escaping. Even though Annabeth knew he was right, she didn't want to chance the suspect escaping. If they could catch him tonight, most of the causes for her stress would be gone. So, she got out of her car and followed the path the thief had taken. As she walked, Annabeth felt her phone ring multiple times. She put it on silence. She entered the bank through the same door the suspect had entered. The door led directly to a hallway that she guessed connected the vaults with the main room. Annabeth decided to go right: deeper into the bank, and hopefully closer to the thief. When she was approaching the first vault, she spotted him. He was strolling with his hands on the pockets of his hoodie as if he had all the time in the world. That irritated Annabeth deeply. She took out her gun and pointed it at him. "Hey, you! Nice night to rob a bank, right?" To Annabeth's amusement that seemed to scare him. "Now, put your hands up and don't move. If you do, I'll shoot you." He was putting his hands up when suddenly something fell to the floor and smoke began to fill the hallway. Before Annabeth had time to react, the thief had disarmed her and throw the gun away from them. Why he had done it, she had no idea. If he disarmed her, he could've used the gun to end this confrontation quickly. That puzzled her, but she didn't have time to ponder about it. Apparently, his goal now was to knock her out; he kept trying to land a punch in the sensible area behind her ear. Their fight didn't last long. Annabeth was giving him a run for his money until she had to trip with the remains of the smoke bomb. She cursed and fell on her back. Thanks to that she left herself wide open, giving the thief a chance to position himself on top of her. But Annabeth wasn't done just yet. When he tried to throw the final punch, Annabeth blocked him. And their struggle began yet again. Neither was going to let the other win. It was evenly matched even when one of them was lying on the floor. It could've gone on like that for minutes, even hours until one of them tired out, but Annabeth stopped fighting when amidst their struggle she saw her mark. Like the other time in the coffee shop, it was complete. A trident with waves behind it. Annabeth looked at his covered face and sea-green eyes. She knew who was behind that mask. It was the only explanation for her completed mark. "I know who you are," she said softly. At that, the barista's eyes widened. "You're my soulmate." "How are you so sure?" Came his reply muffled by the mask. "Your mark. Have you seen it?" He hesitated for a moment before rolling his right sleeve up. What she saw there confirmed her theory. In his wrist was an intricate design of an owl holding in its claws an olive branch. Everything went quiet. Annabeth wondered what Jason was doing: had he followed her inside? Had he called reinforcements? The thought was so random that she chuckled a bit. Then she remembered what had just happened and chuckled a bit more. Then she realized how ironic it was and started laughing uncontrollably. It seemed her sudden outburst made him get out of the trance-like state he was in. "What are you laughing at?" "At all this." He seemed even more confused by her response, so she explained. "Look at us. You're a thief and I'm a detective, who is no less trying to catch you. And we are soulmates. On top of that, we don't even know each other's name. Don't you find it ridiculous?" With that, she got a few laughs out of him. "Percy. My name's Percy." After he said that, he lifted his mask and put it on the side. Annabeth was left staring at his face, dumbfounded. Why did he tell her his name? Why did he lift his mask? A few minutes ago she was trying to catch him. With what he did he gave Annabeth the information she needed to find him again. He knew that and yet he did it anyways. Percy looked expectantly at