Moonlights and Sunrises EPOV Outtake The Violent Hour "You're bleeding," I said, reaching for the blood on her face. I felt the need to fix her. I had seen her hurt too much already. I wanted to stop it. "So are you," she said, her voice was flat as she reached for my arm. I tried to shake her off. I wasn't hurt. Not like she was. But when I looked down, I saw it. My shirt sleeve was soaked in blood. At first, you don't notice it. Being shot. Sure it was just a flesh wound but I honestly didn't notice it was there until she said something. And even then it didn't matter. They could have taken me apart limb by limb and I don't think I would have noticed. The pain I was feeling was far from physical. I watched Maria die. They forced me to hit Bella. I watched as she was beaten and raped and hurt over and over again. I was forced to watch as Nemo forced a gun into her hand and pull the trigger ending the life of one of her friends. I thought I witnessed her murder. And I'm pretty sure I did witness my brother's murder. Even if we did get out of this alive I don't think we we would be in one piece. We would be broken. We are broken. I didn't fight as they shoved me into the closet with her. There was nothing I could do to help anyone. I wasn't strong. I wasn't brave. I had no medical training beyond what I picked up from watching my dad all these years. But I didn't retain enough I didn't want to be a doctor like him, I wanted to chose my own path. I didn't want to fix things. I wanted to create things. But all I was creating here was a mess. And we didn't have someone who knew how to fix it. We paused a moment, both of us trying to fix the other. But there was nothing to help us know. Nemo's anger was flaring and he was ready to take it out on us. "Enough with the fucking pleasantries!" he shouted at us. "I didn't bring you in here to fucking chit chat! You need to be punished." He pulled Bella away from me and pushed her into the wall. "And this time, I promise you, I will break you. I am not going to let you keep getting away with shit, Princess." I jumped forward ready to keep him from doing anymore harm to her. She had been though enough. But he turned to me, gun pointed at Bella and glared at me. "You move so much as an inch and it will only make me hurt her worse before I kill her. You know I can do it and I will. Be a good boy and just watch." He kept Bella pinned against the wall, his body pressed up against hers as he reached between them to unfasten his belt. His lips fell on the soft curves of her neck, the same place where I had kissed her earlier. Where if you kissed in just the right spot her eyes closed and her hands grabbed at the closest thing to hold on to. His right hand kept the gun trained onto her as his left hand snacked around her body and began to wander and explore her body. He was drawing it out. Making it worse for both her and I. My knees grew weak and I collapsed to the ground. I couldn't watch this happen again. "Don't do this!" I shouted, knowing it wouldn't stop him. But I had to try. But to my surprise he did stop. His lips left her neck and he smiled. He fucking smiled like a madman and released her. "You know what, you're right. I don't want to do this. I have no interest in this bothersome piece of trash." He moved away from her and righted his clothing. Bella tried to do the same. "I'd much rather you do it." "Do what?" I asked quietly, in awe that Bella was safe for the moment. I had spared her more hurt and harm. Nemo's smile grew wider and he laughed louder. He didn't say anything but continued to laugh like mad when Bella stepped forward. "Me," she said in a voice so quiet I could barely hear her. I met her blank gaze and furrowed my brow. "What?" I asked, still unclear on what I was supposed to do that Nemo found so humorous. I began to understand when Bella took a slow, careful step towards me and her eyes fell to the ground, unable to look at me anymore. "No," I said, looking Nemo right in the eye. There was no way I could do that. Nemo raised his gun from the floor but didn't take perfect aim and Bella or myself. It was just his way of making me understand that one way or another we were going to get hurt. "If you would like to live, no is not an option." I was frozen. Time stood still and I couldn't have moved or responded even if I wanted too. Bella's eye met mine again, and she nodded subtly. She was trying to make me think that it was okay. Nothing about this situation was okay. "It's okay," she whispered softly as she continued to tip toe over to me, giving us both a chance to adjust to what was about to happen. Her eyes never left mine. I don't know if that helped or made it worse. "It's okay," she whispered the reassurance again. No matter how many times she said it, I couldn't believe it. That wasn't how our first time was supposed to be. Two people are supposed to met and fall in love slowly. We were forced into this situation and somehow grew to love each other quickly. But that didn't make this right. We were supposed to get out of here, get our lives back on track. Maybe go on a date or two before we finally gathered enough courage to even begin to think about being intimate with each other. We needed to go slow. We needed to heal before our relationship could get to this point. If we did this now, like this. Where would that leave us? Would there be an us? There couldn't be. She would never forgive me. We could never forget. Bella's hands went up to her chest and she slowly unzipped the sweatshirt she was wearing and let it fall to the floor. She stood there unashamed of her nakedness. I wish I could take the moment to enjoy her body the way it should be. She had a beautiful body that was now hidden underneath layers of assault. But I couldn't find it in myself to see beyond that. I could only see the hurt and pain and I knew I could not add to that. She took another slow step to me and put her hands on the hem of my shirt. "Stop, Bella!" I tried to shout but it only came out as a painful whisper. "I can't do this." Her eyes fell in shame. Nemo cocked the gun, a warning for us. For me. "You'd rather die than have sex with me?" her voice was so small and broken. How can she not see that wasn't what this was about? If we weren't here, like this I would love nothing more than to be with her. But there was no way I could do this. "No," I protested. "I just don't think I can do it like this." I can't hurt her, I wanted to explain. "Literally, I don't think it will work." There was no chance at me getting hard right now. I couldn't do it with an audience. And even if I could get around that. I couldn't do it with out her permission,. I couldn't hurt her in the ways I had seen her hurt already. My body was shut down and closed for business on that front. Nemo's laughter filled the room again. "Performance anxiety, little faggot? And I thought you actually liked her. I guess she was just your little fag hag. You better get it up or she dies." He closed the distance between us and put the gun up to her head. My eyes rolled up and I stared at the ceiling, trying to block up the rest of the room. "Not helping," I sighed, trying to force my body alive. I was taken aback when I felt Bella's cold hand on my cheeks. I met her eyes and calmed just the tiniest bit. "Close your eyes," she whispered and I complied. "Clear your mind. Forget about him. It's just you and me." Her voice was soft and even, very calm and soothing. Slowly her words helped to transport me to another place. We weren't locked in a broom closet we were home. My home. Our home. We were alone in the bedroom, three dates under our belt and two glasses of wine into the night, just the way it should be. Her hands slipped from my face and unbuckled my belt, her small hand slipping into my pants. I brought my head forward and pressed my lips to hers, it was the gentlest ghost of a kiss. I don't know if you could even consider it a kiss. But the next one was better. I didn't go fast. I wanted to ease us into this gently as I could, not that it would make it any better. But slowly as she gently stroked me as if there weren't a care in the world, I came to life in her hand. And just as soon as I was beginning to forget what this moment really was, Bella's lips left mine in a rush and I could hear a small gasp escape her. I opened my eyes to find Nemo holding Bella close to him and my heart began to break again. "This isn't meant to be fun for you. You're not going to be making love," he spat viciously. "You're going to fuck. Fast and hard." I tried to keep myself calm as he began to bark orders at us. "Get undressed." I worked as quickly as possible before my body betrayed me again. "Push her. Throw her to the ground." Before I could even think about complying Bella lie down on the cold floor. "You next." I dropped to my knees and Bella nodded at me again. She could do that all she wanted but it wasn't going to change what was going to happen. I was going to rape her. "I"m sorry," I whispered my voice cracking as I slowly lowered myself to her. My heart was racing and I tried not to break down. I tried to be strong to not make this any harder on either one of us, but I don't know if it was working. Bella frowned as my body came in contact with hers. My heart stopped in that moment. I hadn't even started and she was already repulsed by my touch. "What are you waiting for? Fuck her like your life depends on it. Because it does." He laughed for a moment before he composed himself again. Those words should motivate me. They should erase any hesitation I had but I still had a moment to pause. "Now!" He shouted growing impatient when I remained still. It was now or never. And never also meant death. Her death. Surely death was worse than what I was about to do to her. Right? I brought my body as close as I could get to hers, my forehead burring itself into her shoulder. "I'm so sorry," I whispered, my voice cracking as I forced myself into her. Her body went ridged and