Chapter 1 Saying Nothing, That's Enough For Me -Edward- It burns. I cleared my throat and scratched at the collar of my shirt. I hadn't expected it to be this difficult. I had been away from human life for awhile now but I didn't think it would matter. Even in my newborn days, I was able to keep myself under control. I had only fed on humans by choice. I fed on dark individuals. Murderers. Rapists. I killed them before their thoughts could become actions. I saved a life. I ended a life. It wasn't an even trade. The people I saved were good. Innocent. Those that I fed on... their blood was always thick with a bitter hate I could taste. It was better than the animals that I normally fed on... but not by as much as you'd think. The more innocent the soul the better the blood tasted, light and sweet and pure. The people on this block must be crawling with goodness because even though I fed on a deer before stopping, my throat still burned with thirst. I was too distracted to concentrate solely on controlling myself so I simply stopped breathing. I didn't need to breath anyway. I feigned the motions of inhaling and exhaling for anyone who was watching me closely. I groaned loudly as my eyes wandered around me. The couple walking past me held hands and looked at each other with total adoration as they talked. My entire body trembled but not from cold, I have been immune to that for a while now. I looked away from them but that didn't help. I could still hear them. Their minds were screaming at me. I could tell that they were madly in love. I folded my arms across my chest and folded into myself. I felt like that was the only way to keep myself in one piece. The feeling was unfamiliar to me. It was terribly uncomfortable. Heartbreak. The term always sounded so foolish to me. A little melodramatic. How could something feel like your heart was breaking? If that were to happen you would be dead and would feel nothing at all. At least if you were human. I am not. I am a vampire. I am dead. But if I had to describe the feeling... I supposed heartbreak would suffice. That is where the pain begins, deep in your chest where a beating heart should be. Though my heart does not beat anymore I know that my chest is not empty a useless heart still rests there. But I can't feel it, all I feel is a deep emptiness that wants to swallow me whole. My heart has broken. It has shattered. It has exploded. And it has left a vast hollowness that continued to expand with each passing second. I can only hope that it over takes my body quickly and put me out of my misery. But I know I am not in luck. I almost cannot die. I know I will not die from this. No matter how much it feels like I will. I will live forever. I never intended to fall in love. Well, I did. Vampires do so much better with a companion. But I certainly didn't want to fall in love with her . Tanya was incapable of loving anyone back. Tanya went through lovers like human women went though shoes (or so I'm told). My family told me that. And I could have figured it out by myself if I ever really thought about it. She even pretty much told me the same thing. She loved sex. But she never fell in love. She alluded to events in her human life that happened right before she was changed. Those few moments before our death mean a great deal to us vampires, they will forever impact us. Those who are brought to a violent end often become the most damaged and violent. My death was calm and done by Carlisle out of pity. I guess I should be thankful for that. But despite knowing all of this about her, it didn't matter. I was so lonely. A vampire that remains unmated for over a hundred years is unheard of. I was desperate for love or at the very least some affection. I got the affection. She was very physical. She taught me everything I needed to know and probably more. I tried to remain emotionless like she was. But I couldn't. As time went on I fell in love. My love remained unrequited. I was warned. But I didn't listen. Now she broke my heart and crushed my soul. Ha! I guess I should say if I had a soul, it would be crushed. I didn't know what to do with myself. When a vampire chooses a mate it's supposed to be for life. But what happens when only one of them makes that choice? Tanya is free to move on, but what about me? Will this pain last forever? Will I remain one half of a whole for the rest of eternity? I pray that is not the case, not that anyone is listening to a soulless being like me. Heartbreak is so much worse than I ever imagined it would be. I tried to run. I tried to hide. I spent some time completely isolated. I thought that some peace and quiet would help. It didn't. It felt horrible to be so alone. I tried to live in a busy city surrounded my people. I thought the busy life pace would distract me. It didn't. It was even worse to be surrounded with people and still feel so desperately alone. So I was onto my last resort. Meet back up with my family. Maybe some familiar faces would heal my wounds. Or at least help to ease the ache. I tucked my head between my knees and covered my ears with my hands. As if that would stop the cacophony of sounds that continued to sound in my head. Being a telepath has some major disadvantages. The world impossibly seemed to be moving in slow motion and fast forward at the same time. I couldn't concentrate. I couldn't quiet the voices in my head. I could already assume that nothing is going to make me feel better. There is no solution for heartbreak. Once something as important as your heart breaks... there is simply no way to fix it. I finally hear a familiar voice break through the rest. I looked up to see Emmett with goofy grin on his face should look ridiculous on his brutish frame but it doesn't. I almost can't imagine him any other way. "Brother!" he shouted and lifted me up, my feet dangling inches off the floor as he bear hugged me. "Welcome back!" He set me down and the gawking strangers returned to their lives, ignoring us once again. "Good to see you. You are looking well. A little time away has been good for you," his voice is light and his words were insincere. He should know better than to try to lie to me. Because I can hear his thoughts and according to those, I looked like shit. And he is well aware that my 'little time away' as he called it was a rather long fuck-fest with Tanya, or as he referred to her the vampire whore. His thoughts didn't surprise me but it didn't make them hurt any less. Emmett pushed an envelope into my hand. "I know we agreed to meet here to get you all set up here but I already got all the paperwork taken care of." He shrugged. "That way we can go right on to the hunt. Nothing better to take your mind of that whore than to kill some things." I flinched when he referred to Tanya as a whore. I shouldn't. By modern day standards, the word fits her perfectly. But unfortunately my wounds are still too fresh to be angry towards her. I am still hanging on to the hope that she will come to a dramatic movie scene realization that she does in fact love me too. I folded the envelope with my new IDs and tucked it into my back pocket. "Thanks." "Now, let's move. I'm hungry." Emmett slung his arm around my shoulder, as if to keep me from running away, as we walked through the street. I mostly ignored the words he was speaking, I didn't need to listen to that when I could hear his thoughts loud and clear. And what he was thinking was always much more interesting than what he was actually saying. To him I am sad and pathetic. He understands my reasoning for getting involved with Tanya but he will never understand why I fell in love with her. And he will never understand. He has always had Rosalie. She chose him. She saved him from a brutal death. He was made for her. In his vampire life, he has never been alone. He has always had love and affection. And even as a human he never recalls the painful emptiness of heartbreak. He was always the one doing the breaking. I kind of hated him for that. I am forced to pay attention to Emmett again when he directs a question at me, "I assume you drove all the way here, where did you park?" "I brought my bike. The open air was..." I don't have an answer so I simply stopped talking. Emmett grimaced and slaps my shoulder blade. "I don't think that is going to work." And as if on cue there is a loud rumble of thunder. "Alice," he said with a shrug. "We'll take my jeep. We can squeeze your bike in the back." I nodded in agreement. How we got there didn't make a difference to me. All I wanted was for the pain to ease and for my life to go back to normal. I grabbed my bike and we both pretended to struggle to get it into his jeep. Either one of us could have easily done it with one hand, but we had to keep up human experiences. As I climbed into the jeep, I felt a strong wind pick up and the envelope sticking out of my back pocket pulled free and blew down the street. Getting new identification wasn't a big deal, we had the money and the resources but it was still a pain in the ass. I wasn't just going to let it get away from me. "Shit! I'll be right back," I called to Emmett as I jumped back out into the street and chased after the envelope. It flutter and floated always just out of reach for my fake human abilities. I finally caught up for it as it blew right into a restaurant window. I peeled it away and folded it again making sure it was fully tucked into my pocket. I was not going to chase it down again. I looked up and froze. I'm not sure I could explain why I couldn't tear my sight away from her but I couldn't. She was almost the exact opposite of Tanya. Not what a lot of men would describe as beautiful. She didn't have the bold curves that Tanya had, this woman's were subtle. She had a small and petite frame and held herself with the kind of grace and elegance that you would see in a ballet dancer. Her glossy chocolate brown waves were pulled back into a ponytail that bounced when she laughed. Her full pink lips curved into a beautiful smile. Her brown eyes were full of life. The only similarity that woman had to Tanya was their flawless porcelain like skin. It was a moment where if I had a beating heart, I would say that it skipped a beat. I almost felt like Dr. Seuss' Grinch. The emptiness that threatened