Summary: When Legolas reaches the end of his childhood, he is sent to embrace his mother's heritage by spending time amongst the Silvans... Rated K/General, suitable for all. "I know a bank where the wild thyme blows, Where oxlips and the nodding violet grows, Quite over-canopied with luscious woodbine, With sweet musk-roses and with eglantine." William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream Better Than Flying Through Trees It wasn't often that Legolas heard his parents arguing, and the fact that he seemed to be the topic of the disagreement should have worried him. Except Naneth's voice was laughing and teasing, and Adar's gently amused. And he knew he shouldn't have been listening; it was only that he'd heard his name as he passed by the door to their chambers and had lingered... 'It is traditional, Thranduil, and I know how you value tradition! Moreover, it is my tradition; you would not deny your youngest son the chance to embrace his Silvan self along with his Sinda side?' 'Of course not; I did not protest when our other sons participated. But should it not be his brother who leads him?' 'Now, do you really want our little leaf learning Iauron's tricks? If you want your son to know the shortest route to and from the brothels of Dale, fine. But he's too young for that sort of knowledge yet, and you know it!' 'Well, that is true... let me think about it. Now, are you going to put down your work and come to bed?' 'Hmm... Let me think about it.' In his own rooms, Legolas pondered the discussion. He wouldn't reach his maturity for what felt like ages yet, but he'd heard stories of secret initiations that took place long before the celebration of adulthood. Legolas would be forty soon, the point at which the Silvans acknowledged the ending of childhood and the beginnings of the brief and sometimes troubled period of youth, and he couldn't help wondering if that's what his parents had been discussing. Still, if it was, he would know in a few days. As his father kept telling him; he was an elf, he had forever; he could wait. As it was, he didn't need to be patient for long; two days later on a bright morning just before the Midsummer celebrations, Naneth twinkled at him across the breakfast table. 'Eat heartily, ion-nin. We are going for a ride after breakfast.' 'You and I, Naneth? Will I need my bow?' 'And your knife, yes. And not just you and I. Your Ada is coming too.' 'A day out, together! That is wonderful!' Legolas exclaimed, for even when Naneth was free, quite often Ada would be trapped in the Great Cave complex by duty, so the prospect of going out, as a family, was indeed wonderful. 'Perhaps not the entire day,' his father said, rising from the table, his face smiling slightly. 'I will meet you at the stables in an hour.' Legolas' horse was beautiful, as glossy and rich as fresh conkers, and she nudged him in a friendly way, looking for treats while he waited for his parents. His bow and quiver was at his back, his knife at his side, and he'd stowed a pack of lembas and a water flask in his tunic pocket. He'd dressed for a ride, in the greens and greys he liked and which blended so well into the forest. And here came his parents, Naneth with her arm around Adar's waist, even though people might see, and she was laughing and he was smiling, despite the tightness in his father's eyes that usually meant he was worried about something. They, too, were dressed for the forest, Naneth wearing a long split tunic over leggings and boots, her auburn hair braided back from her face. Legolas realised with a shock that he was taller than she now, that she had to look up into his face. 'Ai, how grown you are!' she said. 'So tall! You will pass your father, next!' 'I think that might take a year or two,' Adar said, beckoning to the stable hands to bring forward his and Naneth's steeds. 'But he is certainly taller than you, Baralinith!' Naneth laughed, and sprang up onto her horse, a gentle black mare. Adar was riding his elk, towering over them once he was in his seat. 'We are heading to the perimeter watch flets,' Adar said. 'You know the proper trail, ion-nin; lead the way.' So Legolas mounted up and set his horse down the trail, torn between pride at being given the lead, and suspicion that his parents had only done so in order to hold hands as they rode along behind. Still. They'd been riding for almost two hours when the air of the forest changed. He lifted his hand to signal he was stopping, and halted. 'What is it, Legolas?' his father asked. 'The mood of the forest is different. I do not know why... I think... I think we are not alone.' As soon as he finished speaking, bits of shadow detached themselves from the forest, became figures, coming to stand well back on the path and drop to make obeisance to their king. 'Rise,' Adar said languidly. 'And come forward to meet with us.' Naneth dismounted, so Legolas did so, too, watching curiously as the Silvans rose and came towards them. They moved lightly, almost shyly, their steps seeming skittish and nervous, but their heads were held high and there was a light in their gleaming brown eyes that somehow captivated Legolas, and he wondered if he, like his father, would marry a Silvan one day, so wild and beautiful and right as they seemed. There were four of them, two ellyn and two ellith, and they wore dark green and brown garments, unevenly hemmed. At first Legolas thought they might be tattered, ragged, but no; they were designed so for some purpose. Each had a long bow and at least one knife in their belts, and they came forward with friendly, watchful smiles. Naneth stepped forward. 'I know you, I know you all! How wonderful!' 'Our queen Baralinith, we are honoured.' 'But we have left our names behind for this time.' 'As must the one you bring to us.' 'Until we bring him back to you.' 'I am not queen,' Naneth said, smiling and shaking her head. 'You are our queen,' one said. 'Are you ready to part with your son?' Legolas felt hands on his shoulders; Adar had dismounted from his elk and come to stand behind him. His father was not given to demonstrations of affection, at least, not since Legolas had stopped being an elfling, but there was something about the weight of Adar's hands that was reassuring. Naneth stepped forward and kissed him on both cheeks, her hands resting fleetingly over Ada's. 'Be well, ion-nin. Don't be afraid, you will have a wonderful time! Thranduil? It's time.' He felt his father's fingers tighten further, heard his mother laugh. 'Thranduil, he will be fine! These are my kin, they are his people. This matters.' 'How long will it take?' Ada asked. 'How long will I be without our son?' 'It takes as long as it takes. He may find there is no knowledge he needs that the forest can give. He may find he has knowledge of his own to impart; it could be days, it could be weeks.' 'He will come back changed.' 'Yes, of course he will. Or this would not matter so. But he will come back more himself. Now come along, beloved; you will scare him if you do not stop this, and it will be a wonderful experience for him.' Legolas heard his father sigh, felt the grip loosen, although Thranduil kept hold of him. 'Be well, my son. Pay attention, listen to these young people; you will gain knowledge from them that not the finest tutors in the land can impart, although you should not tell Arveldir that. We will see you soon.' And the touch was gone from his shoulders, and Legolas felt bereft. But slender hands were reaching for him. 'Come with us! We will show you all the best places! Leave your name behind with your parents – they will keep it safe for you,' one said. 'Up into the canopy – you can climb, yes?' the second said. 'If not, we will help,' added the third. 'Mmm,' said the fourth, 'If you need it. The wide trail first, I think; it is a good day to run.' And without so much as a glance behind at his parents, Legolas took the hands extended to him, and ran off into the forest. The forest swelled and shushed around them like songs of the sea, the Silvans inserting themselves effortlessly into the undergrowth, taking Legolas with them. Soon he had lost his sense of direction utterly, but somehow, it didn't seem to matter. After they had been running for a long time, a whistle from the left, and the Silvans holding his hands slowed, laughing, dragging him to a stop. He looked around in wonder; here was a rise and fall of the forest, and water cascading down from a little stream over a rocky edge to fall into a soft, green pool and splash away in a little beck winding through the forest. 'We will go up soon.' 'You will like it. 'Yes, it is delightful!' 'But we need to stop and tell you who you are.' But I know who I am, he wanted to say. Except there was something about the Silvans, their laughing, gleaming eyes, that made him pause. 'Good, that is good,' one of the ellyn said, nodding. 'We said to our queen, we have left our names behind. Names constrain us, try to restrain us. Out here, we have ways of thinking of each other that are not our names. I am oldest of the group, so we call me Old.' The hands reached for him again, and he became part of a circle of Silvans who danced under the cascade so the water drenched them all, blessed them with its freshness, and he smiled, feeling cleansed as it danced over his hair, his clothes. 'You we will call New,' an elleth said. 'For you are just arrived. I am known as Loud, because sometimes my voice carries. This is Long, for both his hair, and his frame, is longest of all of us.' Legolas nodded. 'And your friend?' he asked, smiling at the as-yet unnamed elleth. 'I am Calm,' the elleth said. 'Which is not always true, but true enough.' Legolas nodded. 'I am New,' he said. 'And I'm pleased to meet you.' 'Oh, polite! Palace manners! You do not have to be a prince now, New. You are New. Leave your princely manners behind with your Sinda self and allow your Silvan self to shine.' Legolas (no, New) nodded. Living in the palace, being a prince sometimes felt like wearing a heavy coat on a warm spring day, and he was glad to cast it off and adapt to this new way of thinking. 'It is time to leave your old name in the water, and run out amongst the trees with us, learn the forest!' And it didn't matter that New was soaked to the skin, for the sun was warm and the day a glorious gift of the Valar, to be savoured and relished and, what was more, he had friends to share its wonder with. Long went to stand in front of a glorious beech tree, and reached out to touch its bark. He looked over his shoulder and smiled. 'Have you ever done this, New?' he asked. New went across to join him. 'Yes. My parents told me. This is how we can let the tree know we are there, and let it see we respect and honour it,' New said, placing his palm against the bark and closing