'This is madness, Elrond, sheer madness! When you have the might of Glorfindel at your disposal, when you have two courageous sons, well known to Aragorn...' 'Every course is madness in these times, every course is folly, Mithrandir,' Elrond said. 'I cannot send my sons; they are not pure Elvenkind and while you and I know it matters not, there are those with whom it would weigh too heavy. Nor can I send Glorfindel; he is too great, even when he hides his power it leaks out of him, tangible, gleaming... to our enemies, he would be such a beacon as would reveal your position where're you might be...' The two old friends glared at each other. 'As if I am not beacon enough,' Gandalf muttered. 'You, at least, are able to mask your power quite effectively.' Elrond carefully did not speak of his forebodings, his sense that, perhaps, Gandalf would not be with the company long enough to shine too bright... 'Have you not you yourself said that not even Glorfindel could storm the Dark Tower, nor open the road to the Fire by his power? In any case, Glorfindel is just... too obvious. And Erestor would not approve. Besides, you are known to wander in the wild; my seneschal no longer roams far from our borders.' 'Well.' 'Well, then.' 'But, Elrond, must you? Thranduilion?' 'You know Legolas, he has many qualities, he has met Aragorn, he has had dealings with the creature Gollum; the son of Thranduil, having seen for himself how tricky Gollum is, will be unlikely to underestimate him again. And anyway,' Elrond continued, Mithrandir's silence a rankling condemnation, 'I did say that in place of Merry and Pippin, who really ought not to be going on this quest, I would seek to send one or two of my household...' Gandalf made a sound in his throat which could have signalled reluctant acknowledgement but which really was more of a comment on Gandalf's opinion of the perceived wisdom of the Lord of Imladris... he refrained from asking who might Elrond have chosen, the housekeeper, perhaps? Or Lindir, so they could all have a nice sing-song around the camp fire? 'They do say, 'go not to the Elves for counsel,' although they then rather spoil it by adding a polite qualifier,' the Wizard said. 'Be that as it may... Gimli, the son of Glóin? Are you forgetting your recent history? These two, their fathers...' 'Yes, indeed, their fathers have issues, but...' 'In the same way that Glorfindel and the Balrog had issues, perhaps?' 'Will not you hear me out? It is their very antagonism which compels me to include them. Consider, Mithrandir; this entire company is rich in contrasts, contradictions... I recognise the potential for chaos, but sometimes such extreme energies can be creative, not destructive! Opposites attract, Gandalf! You know this, you have seen it... the very diversity of the company, its tensions will be its strength, and you, my friend, friend to all in the company as you are, you will be the one to steer their course, to channel those tensions against the common foe... it is what all Middle Earth must do, now, and if you can achieve it with our little company, then there is hope for the world yet...' Gandalf pursed his lips, but behind the thickness of his beard, it went unnoticed. Still, he considered Elrond's words as he wandered the Last Homely House, as he talked with Bilbo and the other Hobbits, as he made his quiet preparations... ...Merry and Pippin, like to each other in some ways, yes. Young, quick, fun-loving. Frodo, already injured, and serious, silent more often than he was laughing these days. Sam, worrying, almost parental in his care and concern... Yes. Even amongst these four, as close as they might be, were contrasts, opposites in tension. And then, take the Men. Aragorn, so humble, striving to be worthy, terrified he might fail... Boromir, arrogant in his pride at being the son of the Steward, already having decided in his own mind that Aragorn would never be good enough for Boromir to serve him... Opposites, indeed, the son of the Steward's character and Aragorn's, with no doubt who was the better Man... Gandalf's thoughts came back to Thranduilion. A humble prince, a hunter, never trading on his status as the son of the Elvenking, seeing himself only as protector of the Greenwood, servant of its people... one might wonder what sort of a king would allow his people's precious prince to guard a prisoner in the forest... but that wasn't the right question. The question was: what sort of a king would not wish his son to understand the trials of his subjects? It must have cost Thranduil greatly to put his son at such risk, it must have been hard to let him ride out with the news for Imladris. How hard would it be for the Elvenking to hear that Elrond had summarily decided Legolas' fate without consideration or communication? It was to be hoped that when Thranduil did hear the news, the messenger would forbear to mention that the son of Glóin was also amongst the company... Underway a good two weeks, the weather cold, knives in the wind from the east, the company beginning to settle down to the work of walking and learning each other. Gandalf, of course, had the advantage of some familiarity with the company to one degree or another. Boromir, perhaps, was the one the Wizard understood the least, but his brother Faramir was a true-hearted soul which boded well for the nature of the brother, and certainly he was kind and genial towards the Hobbits... after all, if you wanted to know the true nature of a person, you watched how they behaved towards the weakest and most vulnerable present... Gimli, too, was a little less well-known, but his father was a Dwarf of character... the son, so far, had proved strong and tireless, stalwart and stoic as he stumped along, keeping up easily with the rest in spite of his burden of chain mail... he was quicker than one would expect from a Dwarf, his movements decisive, keen, and his eye was swift to see. His tongue ran swiftly, too, as did his temper, and he seemed permanently on the brink of misunderstanding anything any but Gandalf, or the Hobbits, said to him. It seemed like belligerence, but the Wizard knew otherwise; it was self-defence, protection, all the long history of the Dwarves' struggle against discrimination and adversity causing Gimli to build a battlement of abrupt words and sharp temper... he seemed as hard as the rocks of the land, as solid as its earth, as enduring as the mountains. Contrasted with Gimli's stolid, earthy presence, Legolas seemed ethereal, a creature of spirit and air, treading so lightly on the land you would wonder if he'd ever been there. A fine shot, an agile and tireless fighter, a loyal friend. But he was uneasy, out of his element, an Elf alone in a way that was not natural to him... well, that was something Thranduilion and Gimli had in common, each were the sole representative of their kind... Gandalf did not consider himself in such context, of course; rather, he had decided, long ago, that he was an honorary member of each of the races of Middle Earth (those who were not evil, at least) and prided himself on being able to fit in anywhere. In general, though, the contrasting abilities of the company had made for a somewhat colourful journey down through what otherwise would have been sere and hard lands. As for the Hobbits... in a way, they felt almost like the family Gandalf didn't have, children or grandchildren... nephews, perhaps, Merry and Pippin particularly in need of guidance and support. Their humour was of great worth, though. It was leaven to the serious demeanour of Boromir, Gimli's grim, stalwart silences. Legolas, Gandalf noticed, conversed with Aragorn, but spoke mostly with the Hobbits, always there with a song, a cheering word, and if Elf and Dwarf spoke to each other only from necessity, then at least they did not argue. At least, not yet. The first inkling of trouble came during their journey into Hollin, when Legolas spoke up about how he could hear echoes of its past from the stones: 'Deep they delved us, fair they wrought us, high they builded us, but they are gone.' They are gone. They sought the Havens long ago.' 'Whoever heard of an Elf hearing the song of stone?' Gimli muttered into his beard. 'The ears of the Elves hear many things, Gimli, son of Glóin,' Gandalf said in friendly warning. 'Even those mutterings intended to go unheard.' 'The sounds of stone are my business...' Legolas walked up swiftly. 'Then why do you not heed them more?' he asked, 'why leave them to lament uncomforted?' As Gimli prepared an angry retort, Legolas was gone, across to join the Hobbits, to speak in low tones and tell them such stories of the land as had reached Mirkwood. The Dwarf grumbled and muttered, glancing at Gandalf as if to guess whose side of the argument he might be on, but the Wizard kept his countenance carefully neutral. When Gimli reached out a hand to gently pat a rock at his side, Gandalf even pretended not to notice. So, opposing outlooks, differing views, the gentle hearts of the Hobbits, unhardened yet by trouble, the resolute and dour attitudes of the warrior souls amongst them, the resolutely light demeanour of the Elf annoying the defensive Dwarf more and more each day... Gandalf could feel it building... Caradhras the Cruel, gifting them snow on snow on snow... Gimli muttering again, his words the sole weapon he could bring to bear against the weather, but adding only to the general gloom and despondency, and Legolas shaking his head, on point of speaking, restraining himself. Gandalf, seeing the end of even Elvish patience in sight, drew him to one side and addressed him quietly in Sindarin. 'What is the matter, Legolas? There is something, I can tell.' 'It is... how depressing, the words he says! They all suffer, they are all cold, and wet, and miserable and yet he piles more distress upon them with his words of the cruelty of the mountain, of the reach of the enemy, there is more snow awaiting us, if the dawn can pierce the clouds! It is so defeatist, how can they bear to hear it and keep heart?' 'It is his way, Legolas Greenleaf, as much as it is yours to sing and laugh your way to comfort. He seeks the worst that can happen so as to prepare best for it, to meet it on his own terms.' 'I will never understand Dwarves!' 'Indeed, and is not that at the heart of all the dealings between your two peoples, Legolas? The Dwarves cannot comprehend the Elves and the Elves do not understand the Dwarves? No matter. Perhaps it starts here, with one Elf trying and one Dwarf making an effort...' 'I do not see him making an effort. Nor how telling oneself stories of doom might be heartening.' 'Because once you have imagined the very worst that can happen, the reality is never as bad.' Gandalf smiled, his eyes crinkling. 'I know. Elves have long memories, and have lived through terrible things; you can imagine such scenes of dread as many here could never comprehend. But do not hold it against the Dwarf, that he seeks to brace his spirit.' 'I do not, indeed. I only wish he would do so without lowering the spirits of the Hobbits.' 'Well, that can be your job, cheering them up.' 'Is not that how it always is? The Dwarves create misery and the Elves attempt to repair the damage they have made?' 'Now, I would not put it quite like that... Legolas, please, for my sake, try.'