To begin, it was just me and the monkeys. I found this somewhat confusing at first; I had never been exposed to monkeys before and it was a long time before I understood what they were… and even longer before I realised their present condition was not their normal state of being. But I digress. Suffice it to say that I found myself custodian – guardian, caretaker, of a brand-new storage unit intended to house all those objects for which the local museums had neither space nor time nor appropriate conditions for display. A very large area, cold, dry, with shelves that rolled together to save space and large display racks down the central area. Sliding vertical mesh storage provided safe places for thinner, intended-to-be-wall-mounted items. Drawers and wardrobes for clothing. All this I learned as new members of staff arrived and were inducted. Generally I used to sit with my antlers and listen in. At first they people did not even notice me. After a while they became used to me. My antlers? Well, not personally mine; I am not, obviously, an elk or a stag or any member of the genus cervidae. These were borne by my last steed, Bold Hart. Of course, who these days has ever heard of a riding-elk? More like to deer than to moose, Bold Hart stood as high as I do at the shoulder… I had several such steeds in my time, but Bold Hart had the widest spread… looking at these antlers now, they are still magnificent! At some point they had been collected, and mounted with a false skull between – these were not taken for Bold Hart after death, I knew for a fact. No; as with all of his species, Bold Hart cast his antlers each year and grew a new set the following. And why an elk? When one lives in the deeps of a forest it makes sense to use a creature of the forests. And when one stands almost two metres tall, and one's only alternative is a shaggy little forest pony, one adapts… The elk and deer of today, their backs are wrong for riding; they are not strong enough to bear a man. But this was long ago. And besides, the term 'man' does not apply to me. The antlers, of course, are why I am here. They are my… transitional object, my totem, that one thing I cannot leave alone. If I were a ghost, I would haunt them. I am not. I am a caretaker, a custodian… an anachronism, perhaps. It had never occurred to me that there could be any others of my kind, why should it? After all, it was mere chance that I had not faded, my strong associations with Bold Hart keeping my fëa bright. My awakening had been a surprise. And so had the arrival of the monkeys. It took me a very long time to get used to these simian artefacts, and when I realised properly what they were – the skins of poor dead creatures preserved and stuffed in a grim semblance of life – it took me a far longer time before I could bear to even look at them again. In fact, it was only once the tours started that I began to gain perspective, as the various guides explained how the monkeys got to be in such a sorry state. One day, bored, I was listening in as a new guide was taking a tour. In truth, all were new, but this lady was newest. She was one of those pleasant, expansive women who were perhaps past their best without realising it. Not that human women have ever had any appeal for me; it is not their fault, they are simply not my species. But the poor lady was put in charge of a group of schoolchildren. I am sure there is a better mass noun than 'group'… 'rabble' springs to mind as more appropriate 'orc-pack', perhaps… and they were asking questions the woman could not answer. She was becoming increasingly flustered and I saw one or two of the boys exchanging glances that told me, sometime father of three lively elfling lads in their day, that mischief was brewing. The tour guide was trying to interest the children in a display of toys which their grandparents would have known, had they been lucky, but the delights of tin zoo trucks and brightly coloured tricycles was lost on these more sophisticated brats. From where the tour was positioned, my side of the storage area, with its racks of rolling shelves, was out of sight and I decided to take pity on the poor woman. I like to think I was mostly motivated by protecting my environment, but it did have rather more to do with the desperation in her voice. So I went to the cupboard at the end, the one that held sharp things, and I took out a rather fine sabre. There was a small, but interesting, selection of bladed weapons, and while none compared to the twin swords I used to bear, still I enjoyed practicing with them and now I stepped out, swirling the blade in a dance of steel over my head and around my body in swiftly arcing sweeps. Aware I was now the centre of attention for the entire group, I finished with a flourish, rested the tip of the weapon on the floor and folded my hands on top of it. 'This sabre was the weapon of choice of one of the royal princes of a minor European house in the nineteenth century. The tales all tell that he killed no less than three hundred men with it, before he was done. His own death was rather ignominious – typhoid, I believe. Miss Dunbar, good morning. I wonder if Marek didn't tell you I would be joining your tour today? No?' She looked at me in a kind of fascinated horror. It's an expression I've seen many times, usually in the eyes of my enemies as they saw my implacable swords coming towards them… I realised I had crossed a line. Until now, while many had known of my existence in a vague, peripheral sort of way, none had really noticed me. Now I had just announced myself and I realised something important. Being noticed made me real: I had a chance to become a part of this word, such as it was, once again. The children were staring at me and I took advantage of it to introduce myself in the manner in which I would be addressed for the foreseeable future. 'I am… Professor King. I am the nearest thing this store has to an expert on all the collections. If you have any questions…?' And they did. From the personal: 'Why is your hair so long?' 'Is it? I thought yours was rather short…' – 'Why are there so many dead animals here?' – 'Because the live ones wouldn't stay...' to the obscure. 'Yes, but what where the names of the men that prince killed...?' 'Do you really have time to listen to me recite three hundred names, many of them in a language you would not understand, or would you prefer me to show you the antique handcuffs?' One question, just when I thought they had stopped, annoyed me a little. 'What's wrong with his ears?' the small voice whispered, very quietly, from the back. I was there in an instant, having lost none of my customary fluidity of movement. Bent forwards from the hips, my hands clasped behind my back, my face a breath away from the child's, I answered him. 'Not a thing, penneth, which is why I was able to hear your question from almost the other end of the room. Have you any further enquiries you wish to make, may I ask?' I saw him gulp and shake his head, trying to back away from the ice of my gaze. Perhaps it was unfair of me to single him out for such attention, but, really, it felt rather good to be assured that I had lost none of my accustomed menace. I do not know how old he was, I would guess at about thirty or so… no, I am thinking in terms of my own kind, let me see… about nine or ten, perhaps. I have tried to keep up, but it can be difficult. Standing straight once more, I stalked away, leaving a cluster of nervous giggles in my wake as I re-joined Miss Dunbar and launched into a rather graphic explanation of the damage a man-trap (aisle seven, top shelf, well out of reach of little fingers) could do. I remember how disappointed Galadriel had been when Celeborn had taken hers away from her, claiming that it was one thing to shoot arrows at trespassing Men, and quite another to trap them and then keep them as guests and make them listen to her granddaughter Arwen singing… After that, of course, I gave them the nightmare version of everything – aided and abetted by the hapless Miss Dunbar who was almost smiling by the end of it - the dear little children were removed from my presence and I found myself alone once more. Apart from the monkeys, of course. Later, Miss Dunbar came back looking for me. 'Professor King? I wanted to apologise, nobody told me anyone was working here today…' 'In fact, I am here most days. I've simply never introduced myself before.' 'Well, I'm very glad you did. I love working here, but I don't usually do the school tours.' 'I know.' 'So… excuse my asking… have you been here long?' 'Yes. From the beginning, really. I arrived with the antlers, there. I even,' I paused to eye her speculatively, 'predate the monkeys.' She laughed. 'Well, it's lunch time. Can I buy you a cup of coffee?' About to decline, my curiosity was piqued. 'Thank you, yes.' And so it was that I discovered I could leave the storage area and move around in the regions beyond; it seemed that once another person could see me, I was visible. And hungry. It is strange, but I did not remember having needed sustenance before. I was glad now that I had spent so much of my lonely time keeping up with the linguistic changes so that I was able to read the menu. Not that it helped, much. What was a Frappuccino? It sounded dangerous, to me. Or Panini? Neither word seemed part of the culture around me. Once more my exceptional hearing stood me in good stead. I saw someone at the counter, asking for food, and recognised the component parts of their meal so that by the time I and Miss Dunbar got to the head of the queue I was able to ask for a cheddar and ham ciabatta with side salad and a glass of orange juice. I was feeling quite proud of myself, until I realised I was supposed to pay. No currency on me, of course. Ms Dunbar stepped in. 'Let me,' she said. 'I did offer.' 'I am grateful, you are most generous.' I could not remember having enjoyed a meal so much for millennia. But then, I could not remember quite when my last meal had been, come to think of it, so it was hardly surprising. I do not think it was just the food; I think it was the fact that I was interacting again, talking to someone who was listening, who was responding to my words. Someone who could understand me. Mostly. 'So, where did you used to work?' Miss Dunbar asked. 'I know you said you arrived with the antlers, but where from?' 'From Eryn Lasgalen,' I said absently, so intoxicated with the flavours of food and drink that I was paying not near enough attention to my words. 'Oh, one of the Welsh universities?' she said, filling