It started in darkness, really, in spite of all they say. And for all we thought it would end in darkness, too, who now can tell? Not that any will hear the full account of it; partly, it is our doing, I think, a wish to save face. However, the records say that while in Lothlórien, Legolas Thranduilion began taking Gimli, son of Gloin, with him on his walks, so that by the time the company left, 'they had become fast friends'. I had neither wish, nor intention of befriending him, to my shame. And on his part, well, his own father had been my father's guest – in our dungeons. One could hardly wonder, either, given the history of elves and dwarves, that there was no love lost between us to begin with. Throughout the journey, we had kept to ourselves, as much as we might. The other races – men, hobbits, each had at least one other of their kind to talk to. I had a sort of friend, at least, in Aragorn, who was familiar with the ways of elvenkind. But Gimli? He had no-one. He needed no-one, it seemed. He had his axe and his taciturnity and neither, wanted, nor encouraged friends. I think, had Gandalf not been there, matters would have been less easy… there, you see, I had almost forgot. For all he resembled a man, Gandalf, too, was unique amongst us. Driven into the dark of Moria, that was the first inkling I had that the dwarf was not himself hewn of stone, a granite heart beating in his breast. For when he found the tomb of his cousin, he grieved enough. The elves know grief, of course. I wondered which was worse, to know you are meant to have forever and to see your promise cut short, or to be mortal, to be able to measure and count your years. Which really is more deserving of pity? I had always thought it was us, the elves. Until now. I had seen death, of course, in my forest, how not? But with the Promise of Ilúvatar to diffuse the grief, it lost some of its sting. But I did not know how it was for dwarves. Or for wizards. Gandalf fell, in Moria, and we were all bereft, broken by loss. Overwhelmed. Our leader, our unifying force, our peaceweaver, gone. Gone. But for Aragorn, I think we would soon all have been gone; he rallied us, bullied us, forced us on and, at last, I at least was starting to feel safe, for there were trees again, there on the hems of the skirts of fair Lothlórien. And as some of the horror began to recede from my heart I started to see the reality of the tragedy that is allegedly a gift; my companions' mortality, or, rather, their response to the mortality of others. They were always intended to be brief, temporary. So it was hardly surprising that they projected their own fears onto the loss of Gandalf. I could not believe he was dead, myself. But – he was still lost to us. I realised, as I heard the hobbits weep and try to talk, that for all they were familiar with death, still, they could not believe he was dead, either. At last we had to halt, and alongside of my grief I harboured a secret joy; we had stopped beside the fair river Nimrodel and we would have to cross. I announced my intention to bathe my feet, odd as it seemed to my companions, but knowing the healing these waters could bring. Even to the dwarf, in whom I had so recently learned a capacity for grief that had surprised me. Now, where once I would have said surly and indifferent, he seemed to me stoic, silent and enduring, rather than simply private. I wondered if my father had perhaps been mistaken about dwarves all these long years. Certain is it, we know the dwarves have been wrong about elves. Pretending it was for the hobbits, I sang a part of the Lay of Nimrodel, in Westron, as Lindir of Rivendell had made it, knowing the healing worth of these songs, even when given by an amateur rather than a minstrel. Presently, we sought the shelter of the trees, and even as I reached up into the branches, even as I knew the tree and it knew me, I heard the voice. 'Daro!' Kinsmen. Galadhrim, so, distant kinsmen, true. But elves, nevertheless. Safety, for the moment. It has been recorded elsewhere how we spent the night up in the trees, which I found comforting but which our poor hobbits found distressing. Also elsewhere, the blindfolding of the dwarf, of all of us, myself included, elf and kinsman though I was. I protested, it was expected. But as we stopped for the night, I heard the song of the trees around me, the whispers of the grass, and my reverie was free of worry. During the next march, our eyes were uncovered, and then I was glad I had been blindfolded, for Lothlórien presented herself in radiance like a gift. From behind me, so softly I doubt any of the others heard, Samwise muttered. 'Well, and that's a right eye-opener, so to speak. It's like your birthday when they cover your eyes and then, Ta-Dah! Surprise! There's a party waiting for you…' His simple expression of so similar a sentiment to my own made me smile to myself all the way round to the gates and then on to our meeting with the Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn, our hosts and the keepers of Lothlórien. The Lady of the Wood looked into us all, and who knew what she saw in the others? I only knew that she almost broke my heart, if not my resolve, and when the company talked later, we learned we all had been tested, in some private, intimate way. That night, they raised a pavilion for us with couches spread, and tired as we were, in as sorry a state as we were, still we were comforted. It happened in the night. To this day, I do not know which of them did it. All evidence pointed to one of the hobbits; no, to one of two of the hobbits; Frodo would not have had the heart, and Sam would have found it disrespectful. So perhaps Merry, probably Pippin. Whomever – and I say Pippin, Gimli says Merry – there could be no doubt that they would have been unaware of what they had started. As I lay down on the couch there was a heaviness in my bones that was borne of the despair of loss and grief, and the cool testing of Galadriel. To see – to know – to fear – that my father would be so hard-pressed, and I away, far away… yet what could one bow and two knives do amongst the hundreds being pitted against the thousands? So I cast myself down, seeking the song of the trees through my grief, not noticing that the head of my couch and the head of another, presently unoccupied, were very close together. I woke – I came out of reverie, that is - with a jolt, and felt something snag my hair as there was a loud snore from nearby. Whilst I was trying to discover what had tugged my head, came the noise again. I sat up, stifling a curse as my scalp sang with swift, sharp pain, and the occupant of the adjacent couch gave a yell and also attempted to move. I found myself pulled towards him and I saw what had happened even as Gimli – for it was he – began to swear and protest. 'Sweet Eru, Dwarf, can you not be silent? You'll wake the company!' I said urgently. 'What have you done to me, you villainous elf? Oh, my hair! My beard!' I crawled from my bed and reluctantly drew nearer, taking the pressure off my scalp as I was finally in a position to examine my hair. 'We have been victims of a prank, Master Dwarf,' I said. 'Whilst we rested, someone has braided our hair together. And they have included your beard.' 'What…? Well, better cut our way free, then – don't mind the loss of hair, but mind my beard… pass me one of those knives of yours…' 'Do not even think about it!' I spat. 'Or else I will cut my way free by taking your head off your shoulders, even if it means I must carry it around with me in a bag…' A low chuckle interrupted what could have rapidly grown into a violent argument. We looked over – tried to look over – at the sound. Aragorn sat looking back at us, a half smile on his face, glinting in his eyes. 'This is not amusing,' I hissed. Gimli nodded, then growled as the motion jarred us both. 'Will you keep still, Master Dwarf?' 'Will you still your noise, Elf?' 'Come, now!' Aragorn got to his feet and walked round the couches to crouch at our backs. 'You two need to relax.' 'Relax?' Gimli demanded. 'When I'm all tangled up in an elvish enchantment?' 'It was not my doing!' 'I think it's more like hobbit mischief than elf magic,' Aragorn said. 'You're well and truly stuck fast, my friends, first braided together and then your tormentor has dripped wax over the whole of the lower portion of the braid…' 'What?' I was horrified. 'But – oh… the damage… Aragorn, please! Hot water, quickly!' He chuckled again. 'Oh, I do not think so! I think this is just what we need, a little light relief. Seeing you two tied together by the hair in the morning is bound to brighten our hobbits, at least a little.' 'And I do not doubt our other Man will be delighted, too,' Gimli muttered. 'Come; try, at least for now. Perhaps it's what you need, to understand one another a little better, to spend more time together. Now, go to sleep!' 'I need a comfort break first,' I said. 'Oh, wonderful!' Gimli threw his hands into the air. 'I suppose I have to accompany you to the latrines?' 'There is always my offer to remove your hair at the neck,' I said, getting to my feet and holding the braids close to my head to ease the pressure. 'Ai-oi! Steady on there! A plague on elvish bladders! Now, a dwarf, on the other hand, can go a full sun-round without the need…' Listening to a diatribe on the endurance of dwarven bladders was rather off-putting, and the dwarvish comments on other aspects of the process were hardly fit for polite company, but nevertheless I was presently comfortable again and once more we settled on our couches, now drawn even closer together to minimise the discomfort of our respective heads being tugged. I was on the brink of reverie when I was brought back by a pull on the braid. 'Hey, Elf! Legolas!' 'What now, Master Dwarf?' 'My turn.' 'Your turn?' I sat up too swiftly, causing us both to wince. 'And what of the legendary capacity of dwarven bladders?' 'Doesn't work so well when we've been drinking Elvish wine. Stuff's so insipid the body can't wait to be rid of it.' 'Ah. Why did you not say so before?' 'Didn't need to before. Do now. Come on, get a move on! In urgent need, here!' And so we went through the whole performance, so to speak, again, with the exception that I did not comment about any aspects of the procedure, instead holding to a dignified silence and keeping to myself the new knowledge that, yes, it looked as if we elves were definitely the more blessed of the Children of Ilúvatar. By the time we regained our couches, we had more-or-less learned how to walk without snagging the braid. It