It was Yule, the shortest night of the year, the Night of the Names in Mirkwood. Throughout the forest, the Silvan population was gathering, for this was the one night, according to their beliefs, when they could speak the names of their honoured dead without disturbing the fëar of their lost loved ones. Thranduil the Elvenking, genial autocrat and gracious ruler of the Woodland Realm, though himself Sindar, kept the tradition, too, for his long-dead and much-beloved consort had been Silvan, and while it often pained him not to say her name, still, he would say to Legolas, your mother, and over the long years since he had lost her, he had come to value the opportunity to honour her memory on the longest night of the year. It was his own edict that none be alone on the Night of the Names, lest the sadness be too much to bear, and he had already attended the public observances, so now he sat in his private chambers, the starlight gemstone of white fire glittering and flashing on its stand, and waited for his son to arrive. While he waited, he rested his gaze on the diamond sparkling and refracting, and his eyes glittered briefly as he remembered the night he had selected the gem from his store and cleansed it with water, and with salt, before dedicating it to his dead love. He had spoken all his memories of her into it, and Legolas, in turn, had had recorded his own thoughts and memories... all her Silvan kin, all of his subjects who had loved and honoured her, they, too spoke their recollections, and finally, when she was laid to rest, her starlight gemstone was put safe also, keeping its remembrances stored for moments, nights such as this. Those outside the forest knew nothing of the rituals and traditions of the Silvans. They considered Thranduil avaricious, covetous, not realising the king wanted the stones not for their worth, but for their value. For as a repository of the past and a source of future comfort, the white gems and soft pearls that Thranduil so desired were utterly beyond price. A knock at the outer doors of his chambers heralded the arrival of his son. He poured rich, ruby Dorwinion into two goblets and when the servant announced Legolas, he waved an idle hand. 'Thank you. Leave us, you will not be wanted again tonight. May your observances bring you only joy.' The servant bowed and left. 'Good evening, ion-nin.' Thranduil handed out the Dorwinion. 'Adar.' They settled themselves in comfortable chairs before Thranduil raised his goblet and took a sip of wine. 'I take it you have made your own public observances already?' he asked. Legolas nodded. 'Yes, Adar. I joined Commander Govon and the warriors at the barracks' remembrances. We honoured those lost at the Battle of the Five Armies… and while I was there, I spared a moment to think of your elk, too…' Thranduil raised an elegant eyebrow at his son's attempt at humour. 'Indeed, he was a good elk and deserves to be counted amongst the warriors; he certainly caught his share of orcs… and thinking of Bright Hart puts me in mind of our elk-tamers, which is fitting as tonight I want to speak of your mother, Legolas… I do not speak of her often enough, I know.' 'She was one of the elk tamers, of course.' 'The Royal Elk-tamers, as my father Oropher called them. She was well named, having a fiery gleam in her eyes... Baralinith...! And such eyes! That pale blue, sprinkled with a freckling of gold so that I was never sure if they were blue, or green, or silver grey… but anger her, and you would know fire, there…' Thranduil smiled at some secret memory, and sipped at his Dorwinion before continuing. 'I remember the morning of the day we met, I was in yet another tedious audience with my father. I was perhaps in my fourteenth decade, certainly no longer an elfling, but not quite at my full stature, and the last thing I wanted, on that bright day just before the New Year festivals, was to be trammelled up in the Hall of Audience listening to the chief Royal Elk-tamer complaining that elves had been seen in the buffer zone between the elk-tamers' reserved territories and the wider forest , and what to do with these elves as punishment, or discouragement… ? I stopped listening as I realised it was not, as was popularly believed, forbidden to be in the buffer zone itself, but only to shoot a bow there, and had I not been so bored, it would never have occurred to me to attempt an exploration of this illicit, almost forbidden territory…' %%%%%%%%% Thranduil Oropherion escaped the Hall of Audience with relief. If he ever became king, he was going to do things differently, he decided…. Not that he want to rule, his father was superb in the role, loved, respected and feared in exactly the right measure by his subjects… But the state meetings and the private and public audiences seemed to go on forever; it was no wonder his father was sometimes stern of face… He hurried back to his rooms and changed into dark leggings and tunic, the better to blend in amongst the colours of the forest. He was much too blond, of course, but his moss-green cloak had a hood he could use to hide his pale hair when the time came. Slinging a bow and a quiver of arrows across his back, he inserted a long-bladed knife into the sheath at his side. A quick trip to the kitchens to beg some bread and cheese from the cooks and to stow a filled water flask, and he was off into the forest, sliding unseen between the trees, heading towards the enticing, unknown acres of the Royal Elk-tamers' territory. There was a line of silver birch marking the edge of the buffer zone, the limit of what most folk believed was the boundary of the elk-tamers' domain. Now, of course, Thranduil knew otherwise, and so he fixed his eyes on a magnificent oak, one he had often seen from afar and longed to climb. He made his way up towards the canopy, noting where strong side branches leapt vigorously away from the stalwart trunk, enjoying the challenge of the tree… yes, a climb worth waiting for. Not too difficult – in fact, the oak made all easy and he relaxed into the rhythm of his upwards movement. The bright green of young leaves was host to a myriad species of insect and invertebrate, and Thranduil could sense the life surging all around him. Selecting a vantage point, he settled with care, looking out onto the forbidden real-within-a-realm which began on the far side of a wide brook twining some small way from the foot of the oak. The prince stretched out on his belly along his chosen bough and began to really sink into the landscape, absorbing the view even as the forest accepted and absorbed him. Time passed, maybe as much as an hour, while Thranduil drifted with the life of the tree, soaking it up, drinking it in. And then… He became aware of a difference, a new, vital energy that brought him back to focus all his attention across the stream, the direction of this new vitality. Slowly, proudly, a single white hart advanced into a clearing. Thranduil, downwind, and far enough away not to be perceived, held his breath anyway. The coat of the beast gleamed silver in the sunlight. Buds of nascent antlers, velvet-covered, pushed out from its head; it would be a youngster, he thought, a yearling to judge from its height and build. A beautiful creature, strong and delicate, already its shoulders would be as high as Thranduil's own, and when it reached full stature it would be magnificent. If it lived long enough, of course. Granted, it was presently on safe ground. But that did not protect it from the usual dangers of the forest, of course, and what if it strayed? What if it crossed the safe boundaries, to be prey to any passing hunter in the forest? Thranduil became acutely aware of the bow and quiver at his back. Not that he had come out to hunt for venison. Not that he would dream of trying to shoot this wondrous, luminous creature. Not that he would dare the elk-tamers' wrath. ...Not that he would hit the creature, anyway. He sighed. Thranduil Oropherion, already expert – deadly, in fact, with any edged weapon, had heard it said he would not be able to hit the palace doors with an arrow, were he standing within arm's reach and holding the arrow in his hand. So… it would not hurt, then, just to nock an arrow and squint along the sights… would it…? %%%%%%%%%%%%%%% Thranduil paused in his story to top up his glass with more Dorwinion. 'Adar! You didn't?' Legolas asked, accepting a refill of the dark, red wine. 'Oh, you know what they say, ion-nin! The safest place to be when I have a bow in my hand is directly in front of the target… of course I did not shoot, Legolas!' %%%%%%%%%%%%%% He would never be able to hit the creature. And even if he could, why would he wish to? He was not hungry, it was not his enemy. Preparing to re-sling his bow at his back, Thranduil heard a hiss from behind him. 'Hold where you are or I will inflict such pain on you that you will never raise a bow without remembering it!' That there was a voice at all was a shock; that it was female, and venomous, was an added surprise. Thranduil stilled, and spoke as softly and calmly as he could. 'I was about to stow my gear in any case; I had no intention of...' 'That's what they all say! Very well. With care – take the arrow and pass it back to me.' 'But... Oh, very well.' Thranduil felt the tug on the shaft of the arrow and released his hold. 'Good. And now stow your bow.' Obligingly, the prince slipped the bow into place across his back. 'Now, down from the tree. And bear in mind, I have your arrow in my hand and remarkably swift reflexes.' 'But I have done nothing!' Thranduil protested. 'You are trespassing. This land is reserved for the elk-tamers...' 'No, it is not! Your lands begin at the brook; this is a neutral zone...' 'Where you may walk, but not shoot. And you had an arrow nocked and your eye on a hart I have been gentling from birth.' 'But I was not going to shoot!' 'Down from the tree, now!' Thranduil sighed and began his descent, the elk-tamer hissing warnings as he went. Finally he reached the ground and had a chance to properly look at his captor. She was his height, almost, but not his age, still having a softness, a roundness to her features that suggest she was not long an adult. Her hair was more tawny than usual amongst the Silvans, and was gathered into two bunched braids at either side of her head that added to the illusion of immaturity, and did not suit her. Her eyes were a strange mixture of blue and silver but speckled with glints of gold. And fierce. Very, very fierce. Her own inspecting look was contemptuous, so he ignored it and carried on with his own perusal. Those braids really were bordering on ridiculous! The lightness of hair tone suggested some Sindar blood mingling with the wild wood-elf, and she was as fair of face and form as most elves, he supposed, marred, perhaps by the disdain of her expression but balanced by the fiery gleam of her gaze. 'And so, for trespassing and drawing on my hart, you are my prisoner for the day.