Mightier Than the Sword Summary: While tracking the creature Gollum, Aragorn is caught up in local politics… It had felt good to be out of the rain, at first. A long, cold drizzle had sat over him and his horse all the way down through North Ithilien. It had eased for a while as he passed through South Ithilien, keeping to the fringes of the Ephel Duath, eased enough for him to feel merely damp, rather than soaked through, and even though it was allegedly summer, the looming darkness had made strange the seasons, so what should have been a pleasant enough shower was become this constant, permeating, miserable mizzle. Brought up in Rivendell amongst the elves, and then riding out far and wide with the Rangers of the north, he had learned to be hardy early on. But that didn't mean he had to like the sensation of cold, wet rain rivuletting its way down the back of his neck, dripping off his nose and running into his eyes. He'd felt more sorry for his horse, though. It had come to him as a refugee, found in the wilds of the mountains, its rider dead and its mane singed and scorched so that the only thing to do, once he'd got it home, was to cut the damaged strands out, so now he was riding on a mount with a bald patch on its neck and practically no mane and so it, too had suffered in the wet. As persistent as the precipitation had been, he woke from his brief, snatched rest one twilight to find the rain had stopped and the wind had changed, and next day he had ridden on southwards (always southwards) with renewed hope for better weather. It was, in truth, the only thing he felt he could be hopeful for; his quest had seemed more than usually pointless of late. How many years had it been, now? Fifteen, sixteen…? Longer than that; bordering on eighteen. Almost two decades spent in the sporadic search for this sad and despicable creature. Years which could have been put to much better use… He would be further south, soon, than he had ever been, and he wondered at it, for the creature was not known for its love of the sunlight or the heat; in that he supposed the wet and dismal weather had played its part. Certainly something had turned it away from its path back north, something had led it here, slinking along in the dead of night, shunning even the moon. The last sighting he'd had of the creature had been more than a month ago, a hiss and a slither and a glimpse of a pale, slimy foot on the edge of Dagorlad. Then three weeks of rain and mud and mire and mizzle, as if the very skies were collaborating with Gollum to conceal his tracks. Even so, his keen eyes and Ranger-honed perceptions had made it possible for him to ride from guess to clue to hint to the occasional piece of evidence which was enough to keep him on the trail. And then the rain had stopped, and his clothes had dried, and his horse had dried, its hide pungent as it did so, and he had continued riding south. 'Harondor, a debatable and detestable land', some maps said. The more honest, the more circumspect, at least. But most of the maps Aragorn had seen called the region 'South Gondor'. While the ownership of the land was in dispute, one thing wasn't; it truly was detestable. He had been riding through it for almost a week and, as he'd already thought to himself, it had been nice, at first, to be out of the rain. To begin with he was fascinated by all the life – so much of it was new to him, or variations on the theme of the northern lands he knew so well. Plants and birds, their colours brighter, scents sweeter, calls louder and more musical all around. But the lands had changed from grey and hard to green and then to sere in a matter of days and beneath the hooves of his poor baldy horse, the earth became dust, became sand and the mountains softened into hills. Circlets of habitation crowned their tops, the dwelling places of villagers arranged in rings to look out over the undulating sandscape. The sky was empty of everything except the burnished blue of its heat, the white glare of a strange, intense sun. The birds had gone. The plants diminished, reduced to dry, brittle shards and the occasional hardy, spiky shrub, but everywhere there was sound. The buzz of insects, the hush of drifting sand, the murmur of the environment. At night the air was dry, and cold, laying its freezing fingers on his leather coat and frosting all the way through to his skin. How could it be, blistering heat in the day and this sand-frost at night? The tink, pink of stones protesting as they cooled was a constant song in the darkness. How could Gollum, clad only in rags around his waist, tolerate these extremes of temperature? That was easily answered, of course; his long, long association with a ring of power. Presently Aragorn was tracking, not following, not even wanting to catch up with his quarry. Second-nature to him; he had spent long, hard years in the wilderness doing something like this every day to survive, to protect others. So he believed he was about three or four days behind Gollum but without any clear idea what the creature was doing this far south. He sighed and stretched and lit a pipe of weed. One thing about these vast, empty plains of sand. It gave him a chance to reflect, to remember, to concentrate on who he really was. It was too easy, amongst other people, to forget. He had been brought up in Rivendell as Estel, a human amongst elves and half-elves, and then one day Elrond, to whom he had looked as a father, took him aside and told him who he really was: Aragorn, son of Arathorn, Isildur's heir… Quite a lot to take in, all told. Strider, they called him in the wild lands around Rivendell and out towards Bree, and other names less pleasant. He had ridden in Gondor under an assumed name, with the Rohirrim of Rohan under another. But here… here, in the cold, dark night of the desert, here he knew himself at last, he found his own integrity, identity in the purity of the chase. He had been three days in the hard desert when he decided to temporarily abandon the search. There had been no trace of Gollum for days now, and he began to think the creature had not been able to abide the harsh conditions after all. Gollum was devious, but not stupid; the deserts of the south would be as deadly for him as they could be for Aragorn. And it would never have survived so long, had it lacked intelligence. Yet to come thus far suggested the creature had been trying to lead him to his death in the desert. That being so, there was no point his struggling out here and suffering, or making poor Baldy Horse suffer, and so he headed east now towards the road and the high hills with their ringed villages. Disputed territory or not, there were people here, and they spoke a strange, wild tongue, a rough language as harsh as their environment. A few, a scant few, had Westron, and Aragorn inserted himself amongst the people gently and politely and after he had listened for a few hours, he knew the speech, or at least knew one like enough to it, and when he ventured a greeting or two in the dusty market place, he was answered with curiosity, yes, but his tale – of being a traveller long gone from the lands – was accepted with no more than a nod and a shrug. The place, he discovered, was called Market Town, and it was just south of Main Town… several villages north, and south, were connected to Market Town by means of the Narrow Road, which had the advantage of not being the Desert Road. The people of the region kept open the Narrow Road for travellers, he heard, but the Desert Road two days to the east was warded and tended by the southern races. 'And some say we should ally with them,' he heard. 'But most say not. Most say Gondor will remember us, one day, and we should be true until then. That is what our Leaderess wants, and we follow her.' This last was said almost belligerently as they looked him over, as if they expected him to argue, and he wondered if his appearance was to blame; he had often returned to Rivendell to be accused of looking more like a wild man than the heir to the throne of Gondor, and while his clothes were good, they were shabby with travel stains. Still, what they said interested him deeply; if he were to beat the odds and claim his title, this little settlement, the smatter of dry, dusty villages with their dry, dusty villagers would be his to bring under his care one day, perhaps. It might be worth finding out a little more about them. Aside from their somewhat unimaginative way of naming their settlements, their unlovely language, the dust all over them, their insistent support of their Leaderess (again, an unimaginative, ugly title), they were honest in their dealings with him, seemed to be kind to their children and animals, more than one asking what had happened to Baldy Horse that he had lost his mane. Another point in their favour – the local inns served a wickedly good ale to cut through all that dry air. He bought provisions at Market Town, intrigued by some of the foodstuffs on display. One stall had a strange fruit on offer; it had a tough, hard rind but once cut open, he was told, it opened out to the sweetest flesh within. It was expensive – not prohibitively so for him, but he had the sense that if he bought it he would bring suspicion down on himself for looking like a vagabond but carrying wealth enough to squander on a taste of unfamiliar fruit, one of which alone cost more than a bushel of apples. He made his face look crestfallen at the price, and moved on. Once he'd uncovered all the wonders of Market Town (its market, two inns, and public water pump and horse trough), he headed north for Main Town a half day on. It, too, had its market, a smaller affair in the centre of the town. It did, however, boast two municipal buildings – the palace and the council chambers, which made it the closest thing to a capitol the region had. Street talk suggested there was a low-key power struggle going on, one that had been rumbling for a while now, with the Leaderess being encouraged to let her brother take over the strains of leadership, she being young and yet already widowed. There was some vote or other coming up in the next few days, and many people were travelling to Main Town to be there to hear the result of it. The extra crowds would no doubt provide cover for his investigations, but now he was back amongst people he was obscurely eager to escape them again. Once Baldy Horse had been watered and fed and rested, he set off again on the Narrow Road north. Just out of the town there was a bridge that crossed a winding, empty hollow that twined and twisted across the land, the very bottoms of it holding occasional traces of green, the rest of it a mosaic of cracked mud; a river bed, haunted by the hope of resurrection. Perhaps