It really did seem like a good idea at the time. ' I'll take you with me, Gimli, when I sail,' he'd said. 'You can see your Lady Galadriel again.' 'Right... thank ye for that, laddie,' I'd said, gruff, as I always was when I spoke to him. Didn't want him getting ideas, thinking I liked elves now. 'I'll go west with ye, then. Don't want you getting lost... I know you inherited your Adar's maps and compass, you couldn't find your way out of a one-door room with those...' He laughed, but shook his head. 'In fact, that compass... it never tells you where to go, but it shows you where you need to be...' 'If you're going to put your faith in mystic mumblings like that, you really do need someone with a sense of direction along for the ride.' 'Of course.' And that small, knowing smile. 'I'm going to build a ship... it will be special, you will see, a fitting vessel to carry us over the seas to Elvenhome...' Never trust an Elf. Even if it does seem like they have good ideas, once in a while. You see, I thought, when he said he'd build a ship, that he meant it. That he would find some wood that a tree no longer needed, and fasten it together, maybe a bit of a swan's prow, I don't know. Something pretty that looked as if it wouldn't last an hour on a duck pond, but that would endure any manner of storms. Well, an Elvish boat, it's got to be a bit like an Elf, really... you look at them and you think, how is that creature ever going to cope in the wilderness? 'Ooh, I lost my hair tie, oh, no, where is my brush...?' But they're not like that. The hair, and the prettiness, and the silly singing... it's all a cover. Like those caterpillars that look like bird droppings so they don't get eaten... well, maybe not quite like that... but... Elves, they're silly, and pretty, and a bit feckless, and you're still going, ah, bless, look at the pretty dancing Elf when he dances right up and sticks a knife in your gizzard, smiling and singing and swishing his hair all the time... More like how a stoat or a weasel will dance in front of a rabbit until it forgets that it's a predator coming for the kill... Anyway. The ship. Turns out, when he said he'd build it, he meant he'd have it built. Daddy's money, engineering. Engineering! Ha! What a word is that! Well, the engineering that went into this ship of his... When was this...? Good question, let me see... all too easy to lose track... Sixth Age, I think... yes, they'd changed the dating by then, it was... A.D. something... 1909, the actual build started. Now, wait, yes, I know how that sounds, no hold on... like I say, never trust an Elf... Let's go back a bit, shall we? It took a while to settle down to anything after the War of the Ring. Legolas, he had this sea-longing on him, it was like he was carrying a pack he could never put down. I could see him bowing his back under it – not at all like him. His spirits picked up a little in Fangorn... he said the sound of the wind in the trees put him in mind of the sea, but it was obvious he was struggling. After he'd visited the Glittering Caves of Aglarond with me, I drew him aside – for although we were the only ones named in the tales that have survived of those days, we each had our friends with us, we were never alone. 'Listen, laddie,' I said. 'There's something up, you can't hide it from your Uncle Gimli... I know you're trying to get the better of it, but... you're not winning, are you?' He'd sighed. 'No. The sea longing, I don't know how to get the better of it,' he'd said. 'They say the only cure is to sail. But I cannot – there is too much to do! And our friends are here... Aragorn will need us and, when he dies, Arwen, she will need some old friends to talk to, at least...' 'If the only cure is to sail, then you need to sail,' I said. 'Wait, if you must, until Aragorn's... gone, and then go. And I will wish you the joy of seeing the Lady Galadriel again...' And that's when he said it, that he'd take me with him. Yes, I know, that was back in the Third Age. If you know your history at all, you'll know there are some moments when time just stands still... So this particular day, we'd laid Aragorn to rest, amongst all the sadness... Legolas didn't really seem to understand, poor daft Elf... don't think he ever has got the hang of mortals. 'This is how it is, laddie,' I said to him. 'Aragorn lived a full life for a Man – two hundred and ten years, that's three times what most expect... and yes, it's sad, but... look at what he did... what we helped him do... So, I expect you'll be building your ship now, yes?' 'Yes, Gimli,' he said, looking at me, and I knew he was wondering, how old was I, how long did I have left? But he said nothing of that. 'Yes, I will build a grey ship in Ithilien, and we will sail it over the seas... Only... not quite yet... Here, you are sick of heart, and sorrowing. Drink this; it will console you.' Well, I drank the drink, and... Never. Trust. An. Elf. When I woke up, everything was different. Elf was there, smiling so hard he was almost vibrating with glee. 'Greetings, sleepy head!' he said. 'From America comes the tale of Rip Van Winkle who slept for twenty years... but you, my friend, have drowsed away several thousands...' 'What? What did you do?' He gave that little, weird smile again, mysterious and creepy, but somehow pretty. 'The ship I wanted to build would have taken too long... you might not have lived to see it complete. But now... ah, now, Gimli! Work has begun... Let me show you the plans...' 'You can show me the lavatory first, Master Elf, and then a mug of beer before you go showing me any plans... and what in Durin's name are you wearing?' 'This? It is called, a top hat, and a dinner jacket; I am due at my friends the Worthings for dinner in an hour. Don't worry; I won't be late back and the servants will look after you until then. But welcome back! I think I have missed you, Gimli!' So when he got back from his evening out, we sat and talked and caught up a bit. 'I kept you asleep to keep you young,' he said, although I hadn't been young, not really, even when first we met. 'Silvan magic. And I've been learning about ship-building, amongst other things. Ah, she will be beautiful, Gimli! A passenger liner, the biggest ever – and we will take ship on her first sailing, and part way across, transfer to a smaller boat and find the Straight Way to Elvenhome...' 'Very good, laddie. So when do we leave, eh?' His bright emerald eyes clouded for a moment. 'Ah. Well, a ship like this one takes a little while to construct. But she's going to be amazing, Gimli... a floating city, a wonderful, wonderful thing... anyway, the magic was faltering, I thought, better wake you, so you had chance to look around you a little, see exactly what we'll be leaving now. Everything is very different.' I harrumphed and grumbled, as I knew was expected of me, and that's when he pulled out the blueprints and told me how far he'd come with the learning and the wheedling and the sheer bloody madness of the scheme. 'So, she's building in Belfast, at a place run by Harland and Wolff... officially she's been commissioned for the White Star Line... how's that for coincidence?' I shrugged. I'd only just woken up like some latter-day Rip Van-What's-His-Face and daft Elf is expecting me to remember some legend from before the world was round...? I did, of course. Eärendil, all that stuff, the Silmaril and the ship in the sky... wasn't going to admit it. 'Belfast?' I asked, instead. 'Nothing to do with Belfalas, is it?' He laughed. 'No, indeed, other than the sounds of the words. It is... well, the lands have changed. Again. Tomorrow, I will show you a map. And then we can think about getting you some clothes and things... we should go to Ireland, you'd like it, I think. Soft and green for me, and they have stories of leprechauns there... you'll fit right in...' I didn't think anything of it at the time, but over the next few weeks – his Ireland plan being something decided, not just a whim – as I read the history and legends of the place, I found out what he meant... lobbed the book at his head and only barely missed. 'Leprechaun! Why, you, you pointy-eared, daft-haired...' His eyes laughed at me. 'Why, Gimli!' he exclaimed. 'I do believe you've finally woken up at last! Welcome to the Twentieth Century! I've booked us passage on a steamer in ten days' time. We're going to Ireland.' And to Ireland we went, to a big house in rambling, boggy countryside but close enough to Belfast that we could get there in half a day, if we chose. It should have been dull, but it wasn't. There was so much to learn, to discover in this mad new world I'd woken up to. Legolas seemed to have inherited several fortunes from his father, who had been making money on top of money for centuries. 'Adar only sailed about two centuries ago,' he said. 'Told me not to be too long, but... I wanted to build the ship. I don't know, even though I'd never heard of it, there had been no such thing as a steamer, I dreamed about it, when the sea-longing first bit me. It was as if this ship is my destiny – it has to be built, it has to sail, and without me – that sounds vain, I don't mean it like that – without my money, it won't get built. And it must, it has to. There is another fellow, he is the official designer, but he is taking all my ideas and implementing them...' I knew it mattered to him by the way he'd got so involved, studied so hard. And he took all he'd studied, and all he'd learned, and his blueprints, and took them to the docks to look at the blasted ship... and he issued orders and gave directions and told them; to the letter. No skimming, no scraping. If you need more money, ask, just do it properly, do it once. He said it with that dangerous smile, the one that masked the pain of the sea-longing, a brittle sort of note in his voice, and the manager nodded, swallowing, and that was that, really. So when the requests for money came in, Elf would go to see why, either gave them the money or gave them a fright, and they lurched ahead a little bit more with the build, and all seemed well again. As well as trips out to the ship, there were other excursions, to the city, to look at the countryside, to look at the buildings in the towns... we – well, he – had money enough that, even though he kept his hair long, and I was my usual self, we were spoken to politely and treated fairly. More often than not, I was mistaken for a Scotsman – a short Scotsman, but nevertheless –