'Come on, sleepy-head, time to shift your lovely backside.' Glorfindel patted said backside until its owner grumbled softly and wriggled back against him. 'Not quite what I had in mind, penneth. Come along, stir yourself.' 'Must I?' The dark haired beauty rolled over and blinked soft grey eyes at him. 'Sorry, yes. Breakfast in an hour, and you need to be in your own room in order to leave it again…' 'But, Findel, everyone knows about us, they've known for ages…' 'I know, Mel.' Glorfindel sighed and ran an affectionate hand down Melpomaen's arm. 'But them knowing we're bed-friends and working out which nights we actually share a bed are entirely different. Besides, if people knew, really knew, they'd start to pair us off in their minds. And that wouldn't do you any favours, would it? Not long-term.' It was Melpomaen's turn to sigh. He sat up in the bed, covers falling down to reveal beautiful, soft skin with an olive tint; unusual, in a Noldo, but then, there was much about Mel that was out of the ordinary. He had taken over Rivendell's healing duties when Elrond had Sailed, and supplemented the existing body of knowledge with a mixture of traditional human cures and Silvan lore passed on to him by various visitors to the Valley. In addition, he was a skilled craftsperson, making beautiful miniature trees from twisted wire and semi-precious gemstones, he was fascinated by all things that grew and, most importantly to Glorfindel's mind, he had a kind and generous heart to match his strong, firm young body. He was also, poor soul, in love with Lindir, but it seemed unlikely the Valley's talented minstrel would ever love him back; Lindir had fallen for a human female who lived far down in the south some twenty years before, and as if it wasn't bad enough that the woman was only likely to live for a handful of decades, she had also, in Lindir's absence and unaware of his feelings, apparently married someone more appropriate to her station and had a son. So Lindir was pining, Melpomaen was pining for Lindir, and Glorfindel was pining for his forever love on the far side of the Sundering Seas and trying not to mope for someone a little more recent in his past and a little nearer to home… he and Mel had at least found some consolation in each other's arms, though perhaps it was not what either of them really needed… With a shake of his lovely hair, Mel slid from the bed, exposing his sleek body and perfectly rounded buttocks. Glorfindel bit his lip. Their arrangement was quite specific; each would come to the other's bed at need, for company or cuddling, love-making or just solace. But once morning came, there was never any repeat of passion, for that could have turned them from bed-friends into something more, and although they both, from time to time, teased the other about it, flaunting a little or allowing the covers to slip away, it felt important, somehow, not to cross this self-imposed and mutually-agreed line. It was hard, though, looking at the gently jiggling glories so presented to him and not reaching out… Glorfindel tried to think of the most unromantic thing possible, frowning as he concentrated. 'Findel? Are you all right?' Melpomaen asked, catching sight of the scowl. 'What? Yes, fine, just wondering when those Galadhrim are likely to get here, you know what they're like, worse than Silvans for sitting in the trees twittering. Worse even than squirrels.' Mel laughed. 'Well, it's not your responsibility to find them nuts, yes? That's Erestor's job.' 'True enough. At least these days all I have to do is sit there and flex my muscles occasionally. Listen to the stories about how wonderful this chap Glorfindel was way back in Gondolin and pretend it was me… and even that's not so often these days…' The young Noldo came back to the bed, reached out to trace the pattern of old scarring on Glorfindel's chest. 'I know the stories say the Valar sent you back like this so nobody would doubt your courage, nor fail to honour you for your suffering, but why do you think it was? Really?' 'Really?' It was a delaying tactic, they both knew it, for the walk from one bedroom to the other, although only a couple of corridors away, always felt as if it took them away from something special. Today, Glorfindel allowed the pause. 'It was because my fëa never healed from it, I think. I was scarred like this in Mandos – worse, in fact, to start with. I saw Thel there, of course, and he bore the marks of his last battle… before you say it, yes, he drowned, but not before he'd taken some serious wounds; why do you think he head-butted Gothmog if not because he couldn't use his sword arm? Well. We talked a lot, of course, spent time together, not that you really notice time passing there… and his scars faded almost to nothing, and mine lightened a bit. When I was re-embodied, I was like this – not nearly as marred as I seemed in Mandos, but still…' He took Mel's hand in his, gave it a gentle squeeze. 'It's all right; they don't hurt. It just makes a bit of a contrast between what everyone sees when I'm dressed, and what you get to see. I'm not shy, of course, just… the excuses to strip off are really very far and few these days. Now. Shift yourself, sweet Mel! Or we'll have some explaining to do!' They met again in the main hall where breakfast these days was an informal affair. Elrond had sailed three years after the end of the War of the Ring, and now, some fifteen or so years on from then, Elladan and Elrohir had established a less formal way of running things. Not that their father had ever been anything other than the perfect host, but he had been quite strict on matters of who sat where in the hall. Now his high backed chair on its dais at the top table was empty. For some time after Lord Elrond's departure, a sign had been attached saying 'Position Vacant', presumably put there by Glorfindel since in the twins' opinion, there was no position to be filled. In fact, Imladris was ticking over quite nicely in the opinion of not only those who lived there, but those who were frequent visitors too. Occasionally, guests from Lórien arrived and bemoaned the loss of standards, but generally speaking even the Galadhrim approved the change of leadership. Elladan had yet to marry, but seemed unconcerned in general about his bachelorhood. Talk was that he had fallen in love with someone quite inappropriate, and had decided to stay single rather than lower the standards expected of the son of Elrond. Elrohir, on the other hand, had confounded everyone by not only binding himself to a Silvan, but to a Silvan ellon at that, and while the only elf who had minded was Elrond, it still drew shocked whispers from visiting humans who somehow never found themselves invited back; even the legendary hospitality of Imladris did have its limits. This morning a smaller group than usual gathered for breakfast; Elrohir and his husband Rusdir were away, having left a few weeks so earlier on a visit to Rusdir's honour-sister and nephews in the still-new Northern Palace complex in the Greenwood; the Silvan's brother had died during the War of the Ring, and Rusdir tried to get back as often as he could to see his remaining kin. The dark of the year was approaching, and with it Yule, and the Silvan Night of the Names, where the dead were honoured and their names spoken, and so it was an important time for the family to be together. With them they had taken a letter and six bottles of honey beer, a gift from Glorfindel to Commander Triwathon, the leader of the palace garrison. It was this Triwathon whom Glorfindel was trying not to mope over, for once they had been lovers, in love, but always knowing their love would be fleeting; although freed from his vows, Glorfindel still insisted that he would one day return to Ecthelion, his forever-love waiting in Valinor. And besides, Triwathon was far too young for Glorfindel to feel it fair to tie him down to a relationship that really would go nowhere. So what had once been an intense, passionate love affair had faded to well-wishing, semi-formal notes exchanged at New Year and gifts at Yule; there had been visits, at first, but then Triwathon grew busy with his new posting and Glorfindel had felt able to smile and let the visits dwindle and stop and tell himself it was really, truly, over, that the affair had run its course and served its purpose. And with every night Mel spent in his bed, or he in Melpomaen's, it felt more and more as if it really was the case. Crossing the breakfast hall, Glorfindel took his place between Erestor and Lindir with a smile and a nod to both. Beyond Erestor sat Arveldir, formerly advisor to the Elvenking, Thranduil, but who had fallen in love with Erestor and at last had been able to marry him and retire to Imladris where he helped his husband keep things running smoothly. Elladan entered the hall, moving slowly to accommodate the silver-haired ellon whose arm he supported; Celeborn, the twins' maternal grandfather, had not sailed with others of his kin but had stayed on for a time in dwindling Lórien and then come north to Rivendell; he had not adapted well to life after his wife Galadriel had sailed, and now needed help and care to get safely through his days. But he showed no resentment for his loss of vigour, being calmly grateful for such service as he required, drinking perhaps too deeply of the good, red wines in the hopes of soothing the sorrow of his fëa. Lindir rose from his place to greet the former Lord of Lórien, taking over from Elladan and leading Celeborn to his place while Melpomaen set food and drink for him; generally, Mel and Lindir were responsible for most of the silver-haired Sinda's care during the day, while his grandsons saw him to bed and helped him rise in the mornings. Glorfindel smiled sadly. He understood something of grief and loneliness, and had an idea of how much loss the old lord had suffered; his daughter so badly injured she could not recover but had to sail, his granddaughter wedded to a mortal, his wife departed for the West… Whereas Glorfindel had just lost everything, and everyone, all at the same time and had returned to Middle Earth to find the world reshaped and all the people, everyone, everything he had known and loved gone. But it had been different, somehow; he had been reborn in a strong, young body and although it had been difficult, he had not, at least, had to sit and watch everything he had built crumble slowly to ruin around him. Mel caught his eye and smiled back. He pressed his hands gently onto Celeborn's shoulders. 'There, my lord, will you have me help you this morning? Or would you prefer Lindir's company?' Celeborn looked curiously into Mel's face for a moment, bringing up a hand to touch the young ellon's cheek with an empty smile. 'So kind,' he murmured. 'So fair.' 'No, let me take a turn today,' Elladan said, taking a seat. 'Here, Daerada, there is some of the tea that you like… let me help you…' Melpomaen slid into an empty space opposite and a little way along from Glorfindel; it meant he could both talk to his friend and glance at Lindir from time to time without attracting too much notice. 'It is so sad to see,' he