'This has got to stop!' Elrond said, pushing aside a selection of brightly-coloured crocheted squares which had been joined together to make an improbable, impossible multihued waistcoat. 'Erestor, try to find out what I've done to upset her this time!' 'Her' referred to Arwen, Erestor knew, and he was careful not to smile as he inclined his head in assent. Some daughters threw tantrums, some threw hair brushes, some pouted or went without their dinner; when Arwen was upset with her father, she turned to crochet, hiding a determined revengeful streak under the guise of industrious generosity. It generally started when Elrond misunderstood his daughter, or didn't listen to her, or brushed her off with some excuse or other, and a series of crocheted gifts would gradually find their way to Elrond's desk ('I spent three weeks on this, Adar, I do hope you like it...') offered sometimes with contrition and other times with dignity, depending on whether or not she thought she was in the wrong. These gifts generally became more and more extravagant and outrageous until, if they were not properly appreciated by the recipient, other members of the household began to find crocheted cup holders or saddlebags appearing in unexpected places. For the sake of peace, and not having an irate Balrog-slayer protesting that his blue velvet cloak had been replaced by a pink and grey granny square poncho, Elrond had taken to acting as soon as the first offerings appeared. At the moment, therefore, Elrond was her only victim, for which the rest of the household felt considerable relief, but if matters did not mend soon... At least Elrond had learned by now that: 'Very nice, my dear, what exactly is it?' was not, generally, the most satisfactory of responses to Arwen's offerings and so had managed to say what an unexpected and daring colour combination yellow and puce made together and how kind she was to spend so much time on the item. Erestor had worked in the Last Homely House for long enough not to be fazed by any of the sometimes random tasks Elrond assigned to him, but the challenge of wheedling out of Arwen exactly what her Adar had done to offend her would be particularly taxing and meant he, in turn, could be the recipient of something hideous unless he was very careful. 'Might I ask, my lord, can you think of any incidents? You have not inadvertently interrupted your daughter while she was enthusing about the latest batch of silks she has purchased? Or laughed at her new shoes, which she designed herself, or...?' 'Nothing like that, no, of course not! I have been most attentive and have not once told her she wouldn't understand something, or that she ought to run along, or anything of that nature.' 'I see. Well, I will see what I can do.' 'Excellent. Oh, and Erestor? We are expecting my sons home in the next day or so. And Aragorn too; the exact timing is uncertain yet...' Clarity suddenly came to Erestor. 'And does Arwen know about this?' 'Yes, of course she does; Glorfindel mentioned it, although I could have wished he had not, as she has spoken of nothing else except seeing her brothers ever since, and I fear it is the one not named whom she most longs to see...' 'Ah.' 'But I am sure it will come to nothing; I explained to Estel thirty years ago, Erestor. I told him, he would doom her to mortality if he sought her, that he aimed too high, that such would be Arwen's opinion, also. But I cannot shake the thought that my daughter has less of an idea of her station that I had hoped...' 'On the contrary, my lord, Arwen seems to be in no doubt that she is quite the princess of Imladris,' Erestor said calmly, making Elrond laugh. 'Well, in some ways...' 'I think perhaps she has no terms of reference where humankind is concerned,' Erestor said. 'All is clear for her with her status amongst elvenkind. But she sees Estel as being distant kin, and so, perhaps, in her eyes, this negates all else.' 'Well, I will not have it, do you hear?' 'I do, of course. But it remains to be seen whether or not Arwen hears.' 'No matter what she says, no matter how many arguments she comes up with, there is nothing she can say or do to dissuade me!' 'Really, Elrond?' 'Really. There is no limit to my determination!' 'I am pleased to hear it, my lord. But are there also no limits to the number of extreme garments in crochet you are expected to wear?' Elrond growled. 'When Estel gets here... although I am sure it will come to naught; I sent her to Galadriel, did I not? If anyone knows how to demonstrate the dignity of the Eldar, it is she! But I wonder if we will not have another trouble brewing with Arwen, once Estel is forgot…' Erestor took a half-step back at the use of the word 'we'; it was not, after all, his parenting skills which had caused Arwen to be occasionally difficult… 'There is more, my lord?' 'You must have noticed that Glorfindel saw fit to present himself at dinner in that ridiculous kilt of his... he will be giving my daughter ideas below her station if he continues in such fashion...' Erestor pursed his lips to hide a smile. Opinion in Imladris was divided on the subject of Lord Glorfindel and his kilt, a bright blue leather garment given to him by an admirer... well, that was how it had started. The original kilt had long since been worn down to the buckles, and the current incarnation was... Erestor thought for a moment... the fourth replacement. The Seneschal of Imladris more usually wore warrior garb – tunic and boots and leggings – but as spring began springing, Glorfindel heralded the approach of the New Year by giving his knees an airing. That he chose to wear them to dinner was a little disconcerting. Also disconcerting was the fact that not everyone seemed to object. 'But, my lord Elrond, I have heard you expound on the subject of Arwen's fancies before,' Erestor said smoothly. 'Surely it is better that Arwen be distracted by the former Lord of the House of the Golden Flower of Gondolin than by the ephemeral charms of a human, however highborn, however dear he is to you...?' Elrond sighed. 'I know, my friend... but Glorfindel is a relic; he has missed too much to make him anything like Arwen's equal; in fact, I do not believe there is anyone to whom I could safely entrust my daughter's future...' 'My lord, I understand completely. But is not that what fathers always say?' Arwen was sitting in the garden with her workbag at her side and her current project resting in her lap, staring off into the far distance and feeling vaguely sorrowful. Up until a few moments previously, she had been busy with her yarn and hook, birdsong around her and the sun shining on wild daffodils dancing a slender yellow gavotte around the edges of the greensward, but her mood had dimmed when the sun went behind a cloud, and everything, including her hopes for the future, seemed less bright. Last evening's news – that an outrider from a Ranger company had sent word to expect Aragorn, along with Elladan and Elrohir home soon – had initially cheered her, for she was very fond of her brothers... and, of course, more privately, she had been very glad to hear news of Aragorn, too... but then Adar had said perhaps it was time Arwen went to visit her grandmother again, that Lothlórien in the springtime was beautiful – and it was, of course – but Arwen had no wish to go away, not when it looked as if Aragorn was going to be home at last, and when Arwen had mentioned it was a long way to go just to look at some niphredil, her father had stared at her. 'Nonsense!' he had said. 'Your grandmother would love to see you, and you can take your workbag and perhaps make something nice for your Grandfather Celeborn...' It was unfair, really! She had been on the point of telling him, too, that she had made her mind up, that her choice was made, her heart given, her fate decided, her troth well and truly plighted... and if Adar had not said, 'Nonsense!', then she would have sought him out in in the Hall of Fire and shared her secret with him that very evening... And now instead all was turning as grey as the day around her had become. With a sigh, she decided perhaps she should go indoors, and was preparing to put her crochet away when she heard soft steps on the gravel path and Erestor came into view. 'My lady,' he said with his small, taut smile. 'I was going to ask if you have been enjoying the sunshine but, alas, it seems I have driven it away.' She smiled; after all, Erestor had done nothing to upset her. 'I have been outside for at least an hour. It is perhaps time I moved.' 'May I help with anything?' Erestor offered. 'Thank you; if you would just take my bag while I get up,' she said, passing him her workbag and scrambling to her feet, 'it would be very kind of you.' 'Not at all.' Erestor looked at the folded crochet on top of the bag; it was in pale and pastel shades, with bands of white in between the colours, subtle and delicate and not at all like the waistcoat with which Elrond had been presented. 'This is beautiful work, Arwen. What is this project?' 'One of the maids, her sister is due to have a baby soon. It is a shawl for the child.' 'It is very kind of you.' 'Oh, I like the work,' Arwen said quickly. 'It keeps my hands busy but leaves me time to think.' 'Hmm. To judge by the quantity of yarn you have been ordering of late, my lady, one would think you have perhaps too many thoughts... I hope nothing is amiss?' Arwen sighed and headed back towards the house taking, Erestor noted, the long path. 'My father has – most kindly, I am sure – suggested a visit for me to my Lothlórien kin again. But I have only just come back, it seems, and I have no wish to be away from home, at the moment.' Oh, was that all? Wait, no, there had to be more to this... Elrond had mooted the trip only last evening, and yet this morning, after breakfast, he had received the startling waistcoat... Arwen could not have created the garment from scratch, even had she sat up all night. So it must already have been almost complete and therefore the waistcoat must have been created not as a revenge-gift, but a gift of contrition, and yet there was nothing for which Arwen needed to be contrite at the moment. Not that Erestor knew of, that was. Therefore there must be something on her mind, something Elrond did not yet know about... 'The weather can still be quite changeable at this time of year; perhaps you should defer, at least until after the New Year celebrations. You would not wish to be travelling at such a time.' She cast him a grateful glance. 'No, indeed, it would make much more sense, if I were to visit, to plan my journey so that I would arrive there shortly before Midsummer... and besides, I have not seen ...Elladan and Elrohir for such a long time!' Erestor noted the pause before Arwen named her brothers. Aragorn, then. He had wondered whether something like this might happen. Not that it was any of his business, excepting for how Elrond would govern Imladris