'Welcome,' Gaelbes said, addressing the would-be parents with a smile. 'I hope you will all have a lovely afternoon with our elflings. Now, I must insist, this is just a visit, all of you to meet all of them. It is not a day to choose which child you want...' she gave an unconscious shudder at the concept. 'Indeed, if there is any choosing done, it will be by the little ones, since finding them the right home is the most important thing I have ever been asked to do.' Thiriston gripped Canadion's hand tight, and the younger elf looked up with a smile. 'It will be fine, my hero,' Canadion whispered. 'We are just here to make new friends. And if any of the little ones like us, well...' 'Two males adopting, whoever heard of such a thing?' someone muttered from behind them. Fortunately – or possibly unfortunately for the speaker, Gaelbes overheard. 'Celeborn of Lórien,' she said. 'When his lady left, and he took a new male lover, they adopted two Galadhrim orphans. Elrohir of Imladris, his fëa-mate brought a child to the relationship, his orphaned nephew. It is not common, perhaps, but that does not matter; I see no reason why an elfling would not be happy with two loving parents – be they two nanas or two adas, and if you are the sort of person, whoever you are, to make judgements like that out of hand, then I am not sure you are a proper person to care for one of these precious little ones anyway.' No-one replied or admitted to speaking. Gaelbes paused to let the room settle, and moved on. 'Try, please, to speak kindly with all the little ones. Listen to them, begin to know them. This will be but the first visit of many, intended to help our orphans find the happiest future they can. Now, come and meet our elflings.' Gaelbes smiled as she led the would-be parents through. Six couples and six children, four boys and two girls. Three traditional couples, male and female, and three modern interpretations of the marriage vows; two female pairings, and then Canadion and Thiriston. She could hear Thiriston muttering to his spouse. '...sure we're only here to make up the numbers, what use would I be as an adar?' 'You would be lovely,' Canadion said firmly. 'You have always looked after me well enough, and I am sure there were times when I was far more trouble than any elfling could ever be. When I was scared, you helped me find courage, when I was in danger, you protected me. I am sure, you will be just as wonderful as an adar as a spouse.' 'Yes, but just look at me! I'm hardly the prettiest elf in the forest! All these scars and lines and things...' 'They show you are brave and able to look after yourself. And then, you know what it is like to be one of these little ones; you will understand them. They are hurt, too, and your scars show we can survive our hurts. And besides,' he added with a pretence of a pout, 'I am supposed to be the pretty one, remember?' It felt odd, though, to be wandering around the large playroom looking at the elflings and being looked at in turn. Each of the orphans had a healer seated with them, there to help and advise, make introductions and reassure the young ones. By the time Thiriston and Canadion got into the room properly, all the children had visitors, for one of the couples had split up to talk to a child each. Canadion shook his head. 'This feels wrong,' he said. 'Surely, it is too much? All these new people at once, and hoping that someone will like you... it is not fair on the little ones!' 'Do you know, Canadion, I think you are right?' Gaelbes said. 'It really was not my intention that it be like this; look, some of the adults are queuing up to take a turn talking to the girls! Canadion, may I count on you? Thiriston, may I borrow your spouse?' 'Seeing as it's you, Gaelbes, help yourself!' Gaelbes took Canadion's arm and dragged him off to a window seat. Nearby was a bookcase, full of the bright and simple pictures that little children liked. She plonked Canadion down on the seat, knocking a few of the extra cushions onto the floor, and clapped her hands. 'Everybody!' she said. 'My friend Canadion is the most wonderful singer of songs and teller of tales, and he is going to tell us all a story now! He has a nicer voice even than Healer Maereth! Any of you who wish to listen, come and sit down here!' Most of the children scrambled for the cushions, just one boy staying at the little table where he had installed himself. He had a set of building blocks, and had made them into a castle front, a barricade between himself and the rest of the room. It might have been simply that he was seated near enough to be able to hear Canadion's story anyway, but something about the defensive wall made Thiriston wonder. The big elf propped his shoulders against the wall not too far from the elfling and folded his arms across his chest, looking fondly towards his fëa-mate who was waiting for the prospective parents to decide where they were going to place themselves. Canadion was ignoring the adults at present, though, more interested in the children, smiling at all the little ones and then, spotting the youngster at the table, gave him his happiest face and a little wave, finishing with a sly wink at his spouse. Thiriston shook his head, a grin making him suddenly seem far less battle-scarred and fierce. The healer with the castle-building elfling cleared her throat, and Thiriston turned to see the remnants of an amused expression on her face. 'Healer Maereth, good day to you!' 'Captain Thiriston! Would you like to join us?' 'Can I?' Thiriston asked, directing his remark to the elfling. 'It looks like a good place to be, behind your strong defences.' 'This is Lhostor,' Maereth said. 'And, Lhostor, Captain Thiriston is one of the king's bravest soldiers.' Lhostor didn't seem to mind when Thiriston took a seat on the floor next to his chair. 'The thing about being brave,' he said to the youngster, as if he was sharing a secret. 'It doesn't mean you're not scared. It just means being scared isn't important at that particular moment. Now, what's Canadion going to give us today? I'm his husband, and he tells the best stories in the kingdom; well, he's certainly told me a few, in his time...' With a glance at his fëa-mate, Canadion grinned and looked out over his audience. Amongst the adults, he saw Merlinith and Araspen, and he gave another little wave. 'So, we are ready now. Today, I will tell you a story of the Battle of the Three Dragons...' 'Are you sure?' Gaelbes said quickly. 'Oh, not all of it, Healer Gaelbes, for it would take too long. I will pick one of the less gruesome bits too, because I can see Merlinith is here, and she is a lady of much refinement and delicate sensibilities... No, it is a part of the tale, the bit after the silly young warrior leaped out and smothered the flames trying to burn our king, who had already killed two of the dragons. It is the Story of the Prince and the Black Dragon and the Hero...' 'It wasn't a silly young warrior, it was a very brave ellon,' Thiriston confided to Maereth, smiling at Lhostor. 'Who is talking over there? Oh, I might have known it would be you, Thiriston! Well, this is my story, and if I say it was a silly young warrior, in my story, it is. He can be whatever you like in your story, when you tell it... now, let me begin...' Gaelbes smiled to herself and walked quietly around the perimeter of the room, watching. One of the little ellyth had shuffled her cushion away from the group so that she could use Merlinith's shins as a backrest, Merlinith looking delighted at the attention and Araspen smiling her wistful smile... none of the other children were showing any preference yet, but it was so early in the process, really; there had been no time for more than just introductions before she had given Canadion the task of distracting the elflings... Although it was really quite amazing that Lhostor had not started yelling or throwing bricks yet... All elflings were the gift of the Valar. All elflings had been asked for. All had been wanted and anticipated and loved. But then, sometimes, there were dragons, or earthquakes, or wars and then these wanted children lost the ones who had wanted them, and sometimes became changed by whatever had taken their parents away... Gaelbes let others use words like 'disturbed' and 'challenging'. She would not condemn a youngling with words that might make a possible family think twice; let them see for themselves. If they could not understand the issues a child might have, then they would be better with a child without issues. Lhostor responded well to kindness, to food, to being allowed to play, to being cared for as long as one explained what was going to happen and why. He wasn't particularly chatty (she would not say he was 'withdrawn', it was another of those condemning words) but he liked Maereth and would sometimes talk to her in private, although he responded badly to strangers and new situations; bringing him forward this afternoon had been a gamble. It had been Maereth's idea to let the lad bring his building bricks. He was perhaps a little old for bright blocks such as this, but once he had built his wall he seemed to feel safe on the other side of it. Perhaps that was all he needed, to feel safe. Wasn't that what everyone needed, at heart? He was listening now to the story as Canadion recounted how a wounded Prince Legolas had attacked the black dragon with Thiriston's axe, how Thiriston had dashed out and saved the day, killing the dragon and telling the prince off in the process. She liked how the penneth told the tale, keeping it simple, not dwelling too much on the blood and the horror, putting the emotions of the story into his face and pausing to lighten the mood, just a little, here and there. '...and so the last of the dragons was no longer a danger to the brave elves, not even the silly elf who had tried to help the king, and when they got home, the brave hero elf married the silly elf and they lived happily ever after, except for arguments about who left the towels on the floor of the bathing room. So the moral of the story, my little ones, is never take an axe without asking, and if there is a towel on the floor of the bathing room, pick it up even if it wasn't yours to start with. The end.' Canadion smiled around at his audience who were already clamouring for more. 'Oh, no, no!' he said. 'For I am not the only story teller here! Mistress Merlinith, I know you have some wonderful stories, of how the best sewing room in the palace made all the decorations for the silly elf's wedding! Or if not that one, I know you hear lots of interesting things...' Gaelbes laughed and came forward to take charge. 'That is a lovely idea, Captain Canadion! Merlinith, would you like to tell the little ones a tale? Perhaps one from your own childhood? Or there are lots of books...?' 'Well... if you wish,' Merlinith said. 'But I must tell it from here, for I have a little someone