disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, just Arabella and her story. Welcome back, everyone, to the fifth book of the series! This is possibly my favourite book of the whole series. I've read this book more than the others over the years. I just feel like this is quite possibly the best one of the series. I am so excited for everything that will be happening here with Arabella as a character and her relationship with everyone around her. This could be the most important book in regards to her character and just understanding her and where she comes from. As well as understanding Kassandra and where she came from as well during the First Wizarding War. I hope that you all like this chapter and stick around for the other ones as well! Abel Torell "Here," muttered Remus, passing a piece of parchment. "Read it quickly and memorize it." Arabella wrinkled her nose at the smile of garbage piled on the sidewalk. She looked down at the piece of parchment Remus thrusted into her hand. The Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix may be found at number twelve, Grimmauld Place, London. Arabella scrunched up her eyes. "What's the Order –?" "Not now," whispered Remus, looking around them. "I'll explain when we're inside." Arabella looked around them as well. They were standing in the middle of a small square with unkempt grass. The front of the houses were gloomy and unwelcoming. Windows were shattered, paint peeling from the doors and rubbish laid out practically everywhere, looking as though they were just thrown out the door. The sun began to set and the place nearly deserted. In fact, if it wasn't for the garbage, Arabella was sure the whole street was abandoned. Remus took the parchment out of Arabella's hand and set it on fire. The message curled into flames and floated to the ground. He then grabbed a hold of her trunk and led her from the patch of grass, across the road and onto the pavement. She looked around the houses again. They were standing in between number eleven and thirteen, and she was sure there was a twelve somewhere. She had been inside the house before. No sooner had she thought that, a battered door emerged out of nowhere. Arabella rubbed her eyes as dirty walls and grimy windows appeared, pushing the other houses out of the way. Shay squealed at the sight. "Come on," urged Remus, grabbing a hold of her trunk. "Someone wants to see you." Arabella followed Remus's lead up the stone steps. It was still paint black with a twisted serpent as a knocker. Remus took out his wand and tapped the door once. There were many loud, metallic clicks and a clatter of chains. The door then cracked open. "Get in quick, Arabella." Arabella carefully stepped over the threshold. She almost gagged, though she wasn't sure if it was because she was back in this terrible house or because of the rotting smell. The hall was completely dark and it had a sense of being run-down. Remus followed in after her and moved around. A few seconds later, she heard soft hissing noises and an old-fashioned gas lamp sputtered into life along the walls. The wallpapers were peeling and the carpet worn-out. There was a chandelier hanging over head with cobwebs and blacked-out portraits hung crookedly on the walls. "God, I hate this place," Arabella breathed out, feeling her skin crawl as something dashed behind the baseboard. "Me too." Arabella smiled a little as she saw Sirius Black walk down the stairs. He was looking better and better each day. His black hair was pulled back and there seemed to be a beard forming on his face. His eyes shined brightly as he looked upon Arabella. "It's good to see you again." Arabella couldn't help it. She missed him. She missed him so much. In three quick steps, she buried her face into his shoulder, flung her arms around his neck, and hugged him tightly. He returned it in seconds, squeezing her and softly stroking her hair. "How are you?" Sirius asked her. "Fine," Arabella mumbled. They stayed like this for a while, neither in any hurry to leave one another. Arabella liked it. She hugged Sirius with all her might, reminding herself that he was her father, he was her flesh and blood, and that he escaped Azkaban and risked everything to be reunited with her. He was the last bit of Kassandra she had left. He was… everything and so much more. "Let's go put your things away," interrupted Remus, a hint of laughter in his voice. "You can rest for a while and unpack your clothes." "Just… keep it down for a while," added Sirius. Arabella raised her eyebrows before understanding. They made their way past a pair of long curtains, behind which she knew held the portrait of Walburga Black. As they made their way up the stairs, Arabella caught side of a large umbrella stand that looked like a severed troll leg. "Urgh… she had an exceptional taste, didn't she?" whispered Arabella. "I wouldn't use the word exceptional," whispered Sirius. Shay hid his face behind his wing as they started up the dark staircase. It seemed as though he didn't like the house at all. Arabella couldn't blame him. The place seemed to have gotten worse over the years and she thought the task was near impossible. Arabella scratched Shay behind his ear as they passed a row of plaque shrunken, elf heads mounted to the wall. The lights flickered and there were more hurried footsteps behind the walls. Mold was covering the corners and cobwebs on very surface. "What happened to this place?" asked Arabella. "It seems to have gotten worse." "Believe it or not, this is nothing compared to when we first got here," said Remus. They reached the second landing, where they were at least three bedrooms. The plaque on the front of the door was gold with the words: Arabella Kassandra Black . "Nice touch," said Arabella, grinning. The door itself was a lot better than the others. It was polished and much darker than the other doors on the floor. The handle wasn't a serpent's head, but rather a plain knob. When she opened the door, she was expecting the worse, expecting to see Walburga's interior design still up. What she got, however, was much better. The walls were painted a rich, warm blue and were covered with posters of Puddlemere United and smaller ones of scenery from around the world – the colourful houses in Manarola, the amazing mountains in Sa Pa, Lake Lugano in Switzerland, Uyuni Salt Flats in Bolivia that make it look as though you're walking in the clouds – there were even pictures of her on the wall with Kassandra, Sirius, Remus, and the Tonks. There was a full size bed in the middle with brown covers and the blanket Sirius got her for Christmas. In the corner of the room was a big mahogany chest drawer and two bedside tables. Remus let Shay out of his cage and he flew towards the window, squawking in contentment. She almost laughed, realizing that this was quite possibly the brightest room in the whole house. "The other rooms down the hall will be for Harry and your other friends," said Sirius. "If you'd like, we could bring Hermione's bed in here," said Remus. "But that's up to the two of you. We figured you'd like to move things around and settle down first before you do anything else." "There's certainly enough room for your friend to sleep in here." Sirius looked at her uncertainly, almost scared. "Do you like it?" Arabella let out a breath of laughter. "I… I love it. Thank you. This is… it's amazing." Sirius smiled brightly as Remus checked his watch and said, "Nymphadora should be here soon. She said she wanted to see you after Dumbledore talked to her. She might even help you unpack your things." "If I ask nicely," added Arabella as she took another glance around the room. "We shall leave you to it then," said Remus as he began making his way down the staircase. Sirius stood there for a minute, looking slightly unsure of himself, before saying, "Well… you've got some unpacking to do. Let me know if you need any help." Arabella scrunched her eyebrows as he made his way down the stairs. He got uncomfortable all of a sudden. She didn't understand why. They barely made conversation and he's uncomfortable around her? It didn't make sense. But Arabella pushed those thoughts out of her mind and closed the door. She looked around the room once more and sighed, feeling just as content as Shay. As far as she was concerned, she was not going to unpack. She was going to bury herself in her warm blanket and sleep the day away. But sleep did not come for Arabella, and she should not have expected it. Her mind was wrapped up in Voldemort, Crouch, Cedric and Macnair. She couldn't stop thinking about them and everything she had gone through that day. She had been lured into Crouch's office, fighting against him and screaming at the top of her lungs. But nobody had heard her. Nobody had come for her. He cursed her and broke her leg and still nobody had looked for her. Nobody bothered to look for her. They didn't… they didn't care what happened to her. They just assumed she was fine and that since it was Mad-Eye, she was safe. But she wasn't. She was with Barty Crouch, a man who took pleasure in torturing Kassandra for information. And then Pettigrew killed Cedric – Cedric who wasn't supposed to be there, Cedric who was just in the way, Cedric who meant nothing to Voldemort, just another body in his way… He was gone, just like that, and Voldemort offered her a place with the other Death Eaters. She could still hear Harry's muffled screams in her ears as Voldemort tortured her, as he put her under the Cruciatus Curse. Arabella mindlessly moved her arm around, remembering the feel of the grass underneath her skin and the will she had to muster in order to make sure Harry was safe. But then Macnair and Avery grabbed her. Put her in her place . Put her in her place. Voldemort's exact words. Put her in her… place . Make sure she knows her place. Make sure she knew where she stood. Make sure she remembered and understood exactly where she belonged. She was nothing more than a tool used to torture Harry and to pleasure the Death Eaters. She had to remember her place. She had to be reminded. Her place. Her place. Her place in society. Her place in their eyes. Her place… Macnair and Avery… her place… Arabella gagged at the notion. She sat up and hunched over the bed, breathing heavily. She was nothing more than bait. She was just another pawn Voldemort decided to use. She could still feel Macnair's hand on her skin and his breath on her neck. If he had been allowed to continue – There was a loud bang on her door and Arabella lifted up her head. She practically ran to open it, welcoming a distraction. With short, bright pink hair in tow, Nymphadora Tonks came waltzing into the room as though she owned it. She was carrying a big brown bag and a jug of lemonade. "I've brought dinner for us," said Nymph, shaking the bag a little. "Your favourite – Sal's Sandwiches." Sal's Sandwiches was a shop in Dufftown, just near where Arabella and Remus live. They made amazing sandwiches and Arabella was practically drooling at the thought of a warm tuna melt sandwich. She quickly grabbed the bag and stuck her hand in it. "You got tuna?" Arabella asked. "Only for you," quipped Nymph,