disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, just Arabella. So, let's all pretend for this story's sake that Dufftown is a wizarding community in England. I only just realized my mistake with picking the name of where Remus and Arabella live. Hope you all like it! Return of Padfoot " My Lord! I – I have no wish to leave you, none at all –" "Do no lie to me!" hissed the cold voice. "I can always tell, Wormtail! You are regretting that you ever returned to me. I revolt you. I see you flinch when you look at me, feel you shudder when you touch me…." "No! My devotion to Your Lordship –" "Your devotion is nothing more than cowardice. You would not be here if you had anywhere else to go. How am I to survive without you, when I need feeding every few hours? Who is to milk Nagini?" "But you seem so much stronger, My Lord –" "Liar," breathed this so-called Lord. "I am no stronger, and a few days alone would be enough to rob me of the little health I have regained under your clumsy care. Silence !" Wormtail, who had been sputtering incoherently, fell silent at once. For a few seconds, Frank could hear nothing but the fire crackling. Then the Lord spoke once more, in a whisper that was almost a hiss. "I have my reasons for using the boy, as I have already explained to you, and I will use no other. I have waited thirteen years. A few more months will make no difference. As for the protection surrounding the boy, I believe my plan will be effective. All that is needed is a little courage from you, Wormtail – courage you will find, unless you wish to feel the full extent of Lord Voldemort's wrath –" "My Lord, I must speak!" said Wormtail, panic evident in his voice. "The girl, My Lord, why must we use –" "You recounted to me that she looked like her mother," The Lord said softly, "and that she has her mother's abilities. Infamous as her last name, she will be useful. My faithful servant will get close enough to her. And if she chooses not to join, then I know exactly what to do with her. Bella will be pleased to have a new pet." The man with the cold voice had killed a woman. He was talking about it with amusement . He was dangerous – a madman. And he was panning more murders – this boy, Harry Potter, whoever he was – was in danger – and he was planning on taking some girl as some sort of pet – ? Frank knew what he must do. Now was the time to go to the police. He would creep out of the house and head straight for the telephone box in the village… but the cold voice was speaking again, and Frank remained where he was, frozen to the spot, listening with all his might. "One more murder… my faithful servant at Hogwarts… Harry Potter is as good as mine, Wormtail. It is decided. There will be no more argument. Be quiet… I think I hear Nagini…" Arabella's eye snapped open. Something crashed downstairs. It sounded like a plate or a cup. Arabella looked around her room quickly. It was nearly four in the morning and she was sure it wasn't Remus. The full moon was a couple days ago and he would be completely out. It must be an intruder. She sat up and quickly grabbed the Beater's bat by her bookcase. Slowly and carefully, Arabella opened her door and crept out into the hallway. From the top of the staircase she saw light coming from the kitchen. Someone was in there, moving around, raiding the fridge and opening a can of soda. Arabella looked down the hallway towards Remus's room and saw that it was closed. He must be sleeping. She was sure it was a burglar now. Arabella wiped her forehead and gripped the bat tightly. It was now or never. She had to do something to protect and defend this house from thieves. Creeping down the staircase slowly, Arabella gave herself a few moments before barging into the kitchen. She yelled at the top of her voice, swinging into the air and the assailant screamed with her, dropping his sandwich. "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!" Arabella stopped her swing in midair, staring at the intruder. "Sirius?" There were sounds of hurried footsteps from above and within seconds, Remus Lupin was by her side, scared and pale. He was trying to catch his breath. "What's going on in – Sirius?" And so it was. He looked the same as he did back in the Shrieking Shack. His skin was still waxen, teeth yellow, hair oily and matted, but… his face seemed kinder. He wasn't back to his old self, but he was getting there. He looked at both Arabella and Remus, wide-eyed and slightly scared. "Um… hello?" Remus was still trying to catch his breath. He looked from Sirius, sandwich still on the floor, to Arabella, bat in the air, and back to Sirius again. The anger inside of him kept building and building. "Knocking," Remus said bluntly. "There's a thing called knocking, Sirius. Or you could have sent us a letter and we would have waited for you. You didn't have to break into the house!" Remus sighed and leaned against the wall. He was glaring at Sirius, who just picked up his fallen sandwich. He threw it in the trash and gave Remus a smile, as though that was going to fix everything. "And did you ever think that maybe the Ministry was going to be here?" continued Remus. "That maybe they were coming to see if you were hiding here?" Sirius shrugged and said, "I've been watching the house for a while now. I know they came a few days ago and I know the Daily Prophet reported that I was apparently spotted in somewhere down south." He glanced at Arabella and said, "I just wanted to come visit, Remus. Just… can I stay a couple days, please?" Remus sighed heavily, the anger washing away from him slowly. He looked at Arabella and said, "What do you think? Should we kick this street urchin out?" Arabella gave him a small smile. "Nah, let's keep him. It won't be so bad." Remus gave an extravagant eye roll. "All right, suit yourself." He jeered his head towards the living room, and said, "Come on." Arabella set up the couch for Sirius while Remus made a fire for him. Sirius was in the kitchen, looking for more food while Remus looked on wistfully. Arabella knew what he was thinking. She knew Remus did not want Sirius to stay long. It was too dangerous. The Ministry could come by anytime, they would arrest Sirius and take Arabella away from Remus. They would all be separated once again. They were really risking it all for just a few days. "Moony," Arabella whispered, fluffing a pillow. She smiled when he looked at her. "What's life without a little risk?" Remus cast his eyes towards the carpet. There was a small smile on his face before he turned back to the fire. Sirius came back into the living room and looked around. He blinked a couple times and his face broke out into a huge smile. He was grateful, Arabella could tell. "You didn't have to," he choked out. Remus's lips twitched upwards. "It's… nothing. Don't worry about it. Let's all sleep in tomorrow, shall we? Big day coming up." He walked towards the staircase and quietly disappeared. Arabella looked on after him, sighing at the announcement. "What's going on?" Sirius asked her quietly. Arabella sighed once again and said, "We're, um, we're going to go see Mum's grave tomorrow. I won't be here for the, um, for the exact day, I'll be at the Weasleys', so Remus thought that, um, that it would be best to do it tomorrow." Arabella turned very pink at her words and avoided Sirius's eye as she quickly made her way upstairs to her room. She went underneath her blanket and hugged her pillow close to her head. She was certainly not looking forward for breakfast. Breakfast was a solemn affair that occurred well past noon. Though she was very pleased to have Sirius was her, Arabella was dreading what was going to happen next. It certainly wasn't the first time she's visited Kassandra's grave, but it was going to be the first time she's done it with Sirius, her father. Arabella pushed around her eggs and bacon, the hollow feeling in her stomach getting worse by the second. Sirius, on the other hand, was stuffing his face with as much food as he could muster. Remus looked on blankly and slowly pushed his own food towards Sirius, who took it graciously. Arabella and Remus looked at each other briefly before they both smiled. Once breakfast was done, Arabella and Remus went to change their clothes while Sirius took a shower. Arabella picked at her black dress shirt while waiting for the others to finish. They seemed to take forever to get ready and she couldn't stand it anymore. She wanted this day over with. "Are you ready?" Arabella turned to see Sirius walking into the living room. She was surprised. His hair was neat and his face shaven cleanly. He was wearing one of Remus's shirts that seemed too big for him, and Remus's shirts were quite small itself. He looked really nice and smart. Maybe the wait was worth-it. "Remus is putting on his shoe," said Sirius. "Are you ready?" Arabella nodded and followed him towards the front of the house. Once they were all ready and Sirius went back to Animagus from, they set out into town. Remus's house was just outside of Dufftown. It was the perfect place for the two of them. They were far enough from the town in order for Remus to transform during the full moon and have nobody question them. They were also close enough to walk to Daisy's Floral and Gifts in town. It was run by a lovely older woman and her husband. They both knew that Arabella and Remus only wanted tulips during this time of year. They paid the twelve galleons and walked around to the back of the shop where they Disapparated to Godric's Hollow. They were standing in a deserted lane underneath grey skies. In front of them was the kissing gate at the entrance to the church and the graveyard. Arabella looked at Remus and Sirius before the three of them moved forward. Remus opened the gates with a creek and the three of them stepped through. They moved around the church and Remus lead the way. It took him no time to find Kassandra's tombstone. Kassandra Aminta Anastas BORN September 25, 1959 DIED August 11, 1983 Our Greatest Adventure Has Just Started Arabella sighed and slowly crouched down in front of the gravestone. She brushed aside the dried up leaves and petals before placing the fresh, new bouquet down. She quickly wiped her eyes and sat down on the ground, giving herself some space from the headstone. She closed her eyes for a moment and let herself feel the wind hitting her cheeks. She listened to the rustle of leaves and wondered if Kassandra was with them once again. Sirius moved closer to the gravestone and pressed the top of his head against the cool surface. Remus crouched on the ground and placed a hand on Arabella's shoulder. "I…" Arabella struggled with her words. "I, um, I want to get the timing right now." Remus nodded and said, softly, "Me, too." Sirius let out a small whimper and Arabella clenched her fists. She wanted to cry as well, she wanted to weep and scream at the top of her lungs and make the