Greetings! If this your first time reading one of my stories, allow me to introduce myself. I'm theotherpianist and I thank you for your interest in this FanFiction. I'm not new to the FanFiction realm, but this is my first time attempting to write for the Hunger Games fandom. I don't claim to be extremely talented, but I enjoy putting words to paper enough to want to share this work with the public. The foreword , originally posted in the beginning of this chapter, has been moved to my profile . I do hope you take a moment to read it. I do not require it, but I think it might help set the context for why I've chosen to undertake this particular project. As a disclaimer, the Hunger Games Trilogy is not my own work nor do I ever claim that it would ever be within my capabilities to write anything as good. I'm going to put in my plug for audience reviews right now. I'm still learning to write as I go and because this story is different enough from my other project, I would appreciate any feedback you as an audience might have. I like to interact with my audience and have conversations that extend beyond the story itself. Without further ado: Unlikeliest of Victors: A Fox's Tale "Sometimes standing against evil is more important than defeating it. The greatest heroes stand because it is right to do so, not because they believe they will walk away with their lives. Such selfless courage is a victory in itself." -N.D. Wilson Part One: "The Messenger" 1 * Let's see, Journal entry number 34, time of day? Who knows. It's all up to the Gamemakers anyways. I'm recording this is at base camp again so no fears at the moment of any interruptions. Finding food was again no good. I'll have to try again tomorrow. My food situation is getting desperate. My name is Katherine Finchley Emerson, it's been two weeks, perhaps longer that I've been here in this arena. I guess I should mention I am about to die. Or, at least I think I am. Someone, somewhere, wants me dead, that's the reason why I was put into this arena in the first place. Why else did my reaping go the way it did? I've got long odds ahead of me. Two brutes and a pair of star-crossed lovers who have the heart of the Capitol in their grasp. No, the odds are not in my favor. Winning isn't exactly something in my favor either. Four weeks ago, if I had been told I would have been stuck in this mess, would I have believed it? Would I have believed that everything I knew could have been turned upside down so terribly? I have a plan though. So far it's gone off without a hitch. It's not safe to explain with all the cameras around. So, because I don't have a lot available for me to do right now, just in case it doesn't work, I feel like I'm obligated to tell this story. It might even ease some of the fears I have. * Four weeks ago: I was in the middle of a dark, shadow-lit forest. Everything looked the same I turned this way and that trying to get my bearings. Fear coursed through me as raw and painful as each breath I took. I suddenly caught eyes on a wolf that was hurdling towards me, foaming at the mouth, raging, spitting, its eyes blazing as it pursued me with unearthly speed and endurance. I had been running as hard as I could for a while now. I chanced a look over my back to see it was gone. I turned around scanning for it. That was when I felt its sharp claws pierce my back. I screamed and collapsed on the ground. I rolled over to see it raise its head, I saw its face morph into something far more sinister as it cried out again and howled in triumph before suddenly tensing and pouncing towards me. Its jaw closed around my neck- -and the bed I was on suddenly exploded in a pile of sheets, blankets, and the like as reality flooded back into existence at speeds too great for my mind to comprehend. My spasm quickly stopped as I sat down my heart racing and thumping loudly I slowly eased myself back into bed and lay still. Each moment in the fear that the animal from my dreams would appear in a moment. When it did not come I wiped the tears out of my eyes carefully and allowed myself to relax a little bit. There was no wolf. There was nothing chasing me. I allowed a sigh to fill me and more tears filled my eyes in relief. It's just a dream, nothing more. The sun will rise on District 5, its power industry and the Nation of Panem. Everything will be just fine. This thought enters my head when another one follows on its heels and I stop myself. It's useless to think that way, that everything is all fine and good in the world. I heard the door open to my room and I saw in the figure of my mother step through the door frame carefully. I pulled the blankets around me not wanting her to see the evidence of my tears. "Katherine?" I heard her ask softly. "Katie, are you okay?" She moved her to the side of my bed and set herself down by my still quivering body. Part of me wanted to play the stone-cold adolescent, the other wanted comfort. "Katie, you're alright. Nothing's going to hurt you." The inner child in me won. "It...it was so real!" I cried finally breaking down into fresh tears as I recalled every memory of the nightmare. "Shh..." she whispered as I put her arms around me and held me in a warm embrace, the kind that only a mother can provide. I rested my arms on her shoulders for a moment while I draped my head over her shoulder. Part of me felt slightly pathetic for acting like a child but I'm too involved in our embrace to care. We sat there for a few minutes like this before an alarm rang on my nightstand. My mother ignored it for a minute before the beeping grew louder and louder. "Katherine, it's time to get ready for work." she said with a sense of finality. I mumbled a complaint as she left my side; silenced the alarm the alarm as she left. After a moment more of sitting to clear my head I shakily walked into my bathroom and removed my sweaty clothing before stepping into a somewhat warm shower heated by the solar panels attached to the roof overhead. The lukewarm water cleared my head slightly and I finally got my irregular breathing under control. After washing and rinsing my fiery red hair with some shampoo imported from beyond, I scrub myself down vigorously trying to work out the extra jitters I had. Eventually there's nothing left to do but stand underneath the water and let it run into the drain. This luxury is only enjoyed for a few more minutes when the last vestiges of heat left over from yesterday leave the water. The water suddenly turned frigid and I dashed out of the shower soon after. I shivered slightly as I went through a small dresser in my room. Drying myself with a towel I removed my uniform. It's a specially made black polo emblazoned with the symbol of District 5 on embroidered in red on the sleeves with accompanying black pants specially designed to look nice but allow the user an incredible amount of activity and motion. Underneath the polo is a white shirt that acts as a temperature control layer by wicking away moisture. When temperatures drop it can be turned inside out and worn as an additional thermal layer. However, the heat will be here in its entirety within a month or two so I'm wearing it normally. The material and build can only come from District 8. Only they would have the skill to be able to weave fabric to create a garment with the properties previously mentioned. None of the regular tailors in town can come close in matching their skill. This kind of fabric is rare to come by in this District and highly sought after. Usually the Capitol and the other Districts like 1 and 2 get first and second pick as to the quality of the fabrics produced. When this outfit is worn out or if I outgrow it (highly unlikely) I'll sell it to one of the tailors for a good price. I hear rumors that I could make more by selling it to the black market but I don't have the guts or the need to take that option. Turning back to the mirror I donned the shirt and polo before putting on the final item, the symbol of the messenger, a red "coat". In reality it was more like a vest at the moment; currently missing the two sleeves that could attach to it. They were hanging up still in my closet. I wouldn't need them until winter when staying warm and dry is essential. I spent another minute in front of a mirror making sure nothing was out of place. Today I decided I looked more like my mother than my father. I had inherited her face shape, eyes, and body shape while I had received my fiery hair and everything else from my father. Tying my long hair back in a bun I walked out of my tiny room down the short narrow hallway still concealed in shadow. My grandfather, Mayor Emerson, is not to be seen in his equally small bedroom across from mine as usual. The only time I see him is on weekends for lunch and dinner which makes our conversations all the more special. I liked my grandfather because he always made you or anybody else feel as though you were somehow the most important thing in his life for as long as you were talking with him. He was a quiet man but when he spoke he did so with power, authority, and a small measure of persuasion as well. All of these things helped make a well-respected man that played the crucial role of arbiter between the Capitol and the District. Yes, I did also say Mayor Emerson. Contrary to the tradition of previous mayors, he rejected the offer to move into the apartments on the fifth floor of the Justice Building and preferred to keep us in the house that the Emerson clan had lived in for more than 60 years now. He reasoned that it would give us humility to live like the majority of our populace. Instead, the apartments were kept as a place for special guests to stay. He didn't shrug off the Mayoral Manor, the beautiful retreat located outside of town in the mountains overlooking the hydroelectric dam, though. That's not to say our house in town wasn't nice however. In contrast with the rest of the District our house was more luxurious than most, a perk for having several generations make additions on to the house. With two important figureheads living in the same house though, both my grandfather and father were unable to talk the Capitol out of the Peacekeeper guard that was stationed around our house as an added measure of "security." Continuing down the hall I hear my brothers, Thomas and Hugo snoring in their room. Luckily, they don't have to work because they're not 12, the age where most adolescents seek out employment. Thomas has three years to go while Hugo has several months. I listen to them snore for a second until a whimper yanks my attention back to the last sibling I have. I