Hello, Before reading the story, please allow me a few words. This story is incredibly difficult for me to write and will be developed slowly - also, next chapter might not be published quickly (like, maybe next month if I manage it). Still, I loved this idea of a life where Tom Riddle became a teacher at Hogwarts. I figured that his perfectionism would cause great changes at Hogwarts and, even if I used what could be call clichés, I hope that you will like this story just as much as I do. This is only a prologue, though, to ease you into the world I created from Rowling's masterpiece. Evidently, I don't own Harry Potter. In the meantime, enjoy! 10:39 PM, May 15 th , 1991, Hogwarts, Tom Riddle's rooms, Liquid amber glinted his in crystal glass, catching the fire's dying lights as it slowly turned to charcoal. The fireplace would have grown cold if not for the golden ball of energy suddenly thrown inside, causing the fire to roar back to life. Tom Marvolo Riddle glared at the devouring fire, the quill in his long-fingered hand snapping as he suddenly clenched his fists – the energy ball had not been enough to quell his frustration. He had been grading essays, something that usually only took him a few hours, but he had been charged with one of his colleagues' load since said colleague had gone and got himself killed. Quirinus Quirrell, while hardly the smartest wizard out there, had been someone Tom had considered introspective and, if not happy, tolerant of his life – having been a Ravenclaw during his formative years, there had never been any desire for adventures beside the occasional trip in the Restricted Section while Irma was busy with something else. That the man had impulsively decided to take a stroll in the Forbidden Forest alone , without telling anyone and during a full moon, had struck Tom as strange and unlikely for the usually cautious man. Tom still remembered how, as a student, Quirinus had shown every sign of being a coward : never protesting against the treatment of the Marauders (whom Tom had had in detention more often that he would have liked), crying in silence when mocked about his muggle mother, and all-in-all being the sort of guy to run away from a scene of violence and never tell anyone about it lest he got in trouble for it. The fact that his body was found in the Forest, wrapped in Acromantula silk and glued to one of their webs was not all that pertinent. What was interesting was that Hagrid had seen him enter the woods, but that Quirrell had not answered Hagrid's call, simply walking and never wavering. Quirinus' wand had been found in his pocket, his last spell being a locking spell. Dumbledore, the annoying fool, had called the authorities saying that poor Professor Quirrell had had an accident in the Forest. Of course, since he was the Great Albus Dumbledore , nobody had contested his statement and Quirinus' body had been sent to his mother without further investigation. And Tom had been left with the Muggle Studies' test grading, because the teachers relying one another for the class were less familiar than him on the subject and, surely, Tom wouldn't want the poor little students' tests to suffer from their ignorance? Tom didn't believed it for one second. Dumbledore had always been suspicious of him and that had not changed because they had become colleagues. If anything, Dumbledore had always made sure to keep Tom busy and within the school. Something that, with the schedule he had, was almost a given – if you did not count on him possessing a Time-Turner, that was, and Tom certainly did have one. Being the Deputy Headmaster and Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor was enough to bury him in work for most of the year, so he had used his contacts in the Ministry to appropriate one, discreetly. With the added responsibilities of Muggle Studies, Tom would have to get some Pepper-Up potions (never mind using his Time-Turner, something he did not liked using, even less for school work , since it had the side-effect of unsettling his magic for the time where he was doubled) only to finish grading whatever stupid project Quirinus had given his students (and beware if he found one more 'eckeltricity' or its variants in the damned papers. They were Sixth Years, for Morgana's sake! They had had three Merlin-damned years to learn the proper term!), never mind the end of year exams. Tom also suspected that Dumbledore had hoped to reduce his base of influence by exposing his familiarity with muggles (not mentioning cutting in his free time, to make sure he had no opportunities to plot evil schemes or whatever). The old coot knew that Tom's allies were primarily purebloods of traditional families – or, as Dumbledore's little followers said it, the prejudiced families – and had acted on the belief that they wanted nothing to do with those of 'less than pure' background. Unfortunately for him, Tom's allies already knew of his half-blood status even if they did their very best to forget it. They didn't take it well when they were forcedly reminded that a halfblood had more magical power and smarts than three generations in a pureblood family put together – and since they couldn't take care of their irritation on Tom, they turned on the person who shoved this fact under their nose : Dumbledore himself. Tom gave his glass a longing look, before slowly turning his attention back to the essays, his eyes gleaming contemplatively. He could probably convince Severus to grade some of them for him, since, as long as he did not asked the younger man to teach anyone, he had very little to do at Hogwarts. He honestly did not know what had gone through Dumbledore's head when he had asked of Severus that he worked as Hogwarts' Potion Professor – well, demanded was more like it, since the old man had the absurd notion that Severus was his spy in Tom's business, and thus thought that Severus was his to rule and control. Dumbledore had had almost convinced Horace to take an early retirement when Tom had intruded, suggesting that Horace kept the younger years since Severus ' was such a perfectionist, surely you remember? He would sooner loose his patience with the youngsters rather than explain their mistakes to them, not mentioning that his best friend was recently murdered. You wouldn't want to overload him, so soon after this tragedy, would you Horace?' Dumbledore had not appreciated his input, but had been forced to accept Tom's idea when Horace had taken Tom's side. It seemed that Tom's charm always won out despite the many years of friendship the two older wizards shared. That, or mentioning Lily Evans-turned-Potter had been the decisive argument, but Tom had not particularly cared about the finer details. And, with the way Severus had looked when Dumbledore had hinted at taking over all of the years instead of only the few outstanding students, Tom was sure it wouldn't be an issue again. Severus was a passionate genius, after all, and did not want to be anywhere near any potions ruined by amateurs – it was an insult to his sensibilities, apparently, but Dumbledore did not seemed to want to understand and could usually be found making 'comments' about the issue at least five times a year. In Tom's mind, these things would not have been issues at all had Headmaster Dippet not retired. Armando had been a fool, but one who had had his students' best interests at heart, and not only the Gryffindors'. The way Tom had to fight to keep some of the classes available at Hogwarts – like Enchanting, Magical Societies and Healing – was simply irksome, because Dumbledore, as soon as he became Headmaster, had tried to cancel any class his Gryffindors did not excelled at (at least, that's what Tom had concluded from his observations). He, then a normal teacher, had to ask Abraxas, whose father was on the Board of Governors, to talk to his colleagues about reinstating Alchemy (which Dumbledore had managed to cancel completely before Tom got wind of it) and creating an International Affairs class, simply because he had discovered that his information about Americans and Australians were out of date. Dumbledore had refused to hear him out about additional classes, so of course Tom had needed to go over his head. But it was important shortcomings in education that he was trying to resolve, damned suspicious old man! The Australians had discovered a cave full of crystallised magic, and he had not learnt of it before two years had passed! It had been his French contact who had told him about it, in passing, as if he had expected him to know of it already. It had taken Tom two days to buy a two-way Portkey to Australia and acquire the last editions of the local professional papers, but it had only been the beginning of his ignorance and it had taken three years to get up to date with everything that happened in the magical international world. It had been humiliating. And he had decided, since England's relations with their neighbouring countries were harming his information gathering network's efficacy, that he was going to change the British wizards' views about the world around them and make them aware of the discoveries made by other countries. Also, the International Affairs professor, the overly joyous Miss Louise Allard, a French halfblood, was always more than willing to speak with him about her subject, or anything else he wanted, really. It saved him the time of going through his contacts for information he didn't know existed, even if he had to deal with Louise's more-than-obvious infatuation. Anyway. Hogwarts' budget was more than enough to pay ten more teachers and buy the new brooms Rolanda had been asking for since 1974 – he should know, he was the one compiling Hogwarts' expenses – but, for some reason, the money disappeared from Hogwarts' coffers whenever he went to Dumbledore's office with financial requests. Tom would have asked what exactly he was doing with the leftover money, but he doubted that he would have received a truthful answer. The Board of Governors certainly did not. He suddenly banished the remaining essays to his briefcase (one with a Expansion Charm inside, where he stored his teaching-related papers – away from the administrative ones in his desk) and stretched his arms over his head, moaning softly as his joints popped. He had spent too much time without moving and, he thought as he rolled his shoulders, it wasn't as if anyone was there to witness his lapse in character. Tom Riddle was as perfect as humanly possible, after all – nobody had ever seen him yawn or wince since his early muggle years. He stood and walked to the table next to the fireplace, swiftly picking up his glass and downing its content. The burn in his throat was familiar, making the tension in his shoulders lessen to a certain degree, and he made an appreciative sound when pleasurable shivers ran up his spine. He poured himself another glass, before sinking into the silky cushions of his favourite armchair – managing to look graceful even when slouching, something he shamelessly took advantage of during parties and other unofficial social gatherings. " Master... Master... " Nagini's voice came from the door leading to outside of his chambers and he wondered when she had left. He certainly had not heard her. " Where are you, Master? " " Near the fireplace, my dear. " He answered in Parseltongue, briefly closing his eyes and enjoying the warmth of the fire on his face. He always seemed to be cold, much like a snake, and he wondered if that