Hello, welcome to my first story. Please enjoy! Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter. $Talking$ = Parseltongue Harry didn't know who he hated the most: Ron, for forcing him into this situation, or himself, for not having expected it (or, at least, for not having expected something to happen) and prepared accordingly. Both mentally and strategically. He had dropped his wand twice already because of his sweaty fingers twitching in anxiety. He had also sworn to himself to buy a wand holster first thing in the Summer Holidays, with waterproof shoes and warmer clothes (or, at least, to learn the spells to waterproof and to warm his clothes himself. If anything, it would be useful for Quidditch). In the hypothetical case in which he survived his latest 'adventure', of course. After ten minutes of walking and tripping every third step, he was wishing that he could strangle the Weasley girl if she survived the night. She was ruining Hogwarts! What would he do if the school closed? Would he have to stay at the Dursleys' house for the whole year? He couldn't allow that! And that was why he had gone to fetch Lockart instead of McGonagall when he had discovered that the stupid girl was lying down the Chamber, waiting for death: it would be easy to pin everything that went wrong on the useless man. Stunning Ron from behind had been easy and when the fraud had asked for answers Harry had not been willing to give... Well, let's just say that Lockart had been a great source of inspiration with his little trick to gain fame quickly. He had casted the Obliviate spell on the man... and discovered that it wasn't an easy spell to cast – it was a N.E.W.T.-level spell, after all. Lockart's mind had been beyond healing after Harry had finally gotten the spell right and Harry considered it a lucky coincidence that he had managed to get a correct Obliviate before his last spell completely destroyed Lockart's mind (though he did casted a last bad, over-powered Obliviate to finish the job). He had almost worried that he would have to try his hand at modifying Ron or Ginevra's memories – one badly done Obliviate case was suspicious enough, but two ? It would be like admitting that he was the one to blame. No, one 'accidental' case of obliviation was suspicious enough. After Lockart had became nothing more than a drooling moron, Harry had picked up Ron's faulty wand and had carefully casted one Stupefy and one Obliviate on the ground, planting the necessary pieces of evidence for his cover-story if a Priori Incantatem was ever used on Ron's wand – he did wonder if it would work on a broken wand, but didn't ponder on it too long as, if it didn't work, they would have to rely on his word and everything would still go on perfectly. After all, Lockart was a fraud. Surely it wouldn't seem weird if he thought he could claim another story for his books at the price of two small Obliviate s. Lockart wouldn't consider two Second Years as obstacles between him and his goal – he had tricked and bewitched stronger and more experienced witches and wizards to gain his fame, and wasn't that a feat? Who would suspect two students without their O.W.L.s to be more of a threat than someone who defeated a banshee (before their memories were modified, of course) ? Apart from Dumbledore, who obviously thought that a First Year had enough training to fight the Dark Lord upfront, nobody would think about Ron and Harry being anything but victims of Lockart's ambitious scheme. And Harry would be thought brave (read: reckless) for saving Ron's sister... or trying, if he 'happened' to fail. Harry inwardly winced as he recalled the fraud's pained eyes as Harry removed years after years of memories from his mind. Harry's attempts at the memory spell had been painful at the beginning, but after half an hour of intense practice he had not been as horrible as he would have thought – he had assumed that it would take hours for him to learn the memory spell, but it seemed that Obliviate was only a simplified form of a more advanced technique, despite still being an advance spell. He would need to research it later... maybe in a few nights if he could manage? Or else he would need to sneak into Diagon Alley during the summer to buy a couple of books. With Lockart as an excuse, nobody would find it suspicious if Harry was curious about the spell. After all, it wasn't as if a below-average Second Year could cast a N.E.W.T.-level spell, right? Hermione was the talented one, not Harry. No, the only way Harry could learn to cast the spell would be with intense training, if the hero he was could even stomach the idea of breaking into someone else's mind. Even though Harry wasn't the Harry people knew, it had still taken him quite some time to figure out the spell, and he was still far from having mastered it. Time wasn't an issue, luckily, and Harry had not stressed over controlling the obliviation spell before Ron's sister's death. Earlier that year, Harry had stumbled upon a Third Year Ravenclaw's strange necklace that allowed him to go back in time and he had, multiple times that year, borrowed it (the Ravenclaw, one girl named Marietta Edgecombe, was extraordinarily stupid for a Raven and never noticed the necklace missing, which Harry considered as a continued permission to borrow it when he wanted to). He would give it back to her once he was done, of course, but until then he had used it to go back one hour so he would have better chances at getting Ginny back alive. Whether he would strangle her or not was still up to debate. Another skull broke under his foot and Harry lost his balance, almost falling to his knees. Again . Surely there must be another entrance to the damned place? He somehow had problems picturing a proud Slytherin sliding down a slimly pipe then walking across a field of dried corpses . Even Marcus Flint, with his lack of care of what was 'proper' during Quidditch, had a holier-than-thou attitude when it came to manners and what was acceptable for a Pureblood (and Harry doubted that anything dirty or slimly had anything to do with those, no matter what Ron said). Of course, Harry could have brought his broom like he had the last few times he came down the Chamber, but he wasn't supposed to know how it looked like down here. It was just... What were the odds? Hermione decided (he was uncertain about that. Had Dumbledore put a spell on her or something? Like he did to make her choose that book that talked about Flamel and other subjects a muggleborn First Year couldn't possibly understand, no matter how smart they were?) to brew the Polyjuice in a bathroom that happened to be haunted by the ghost of the Slytherin monster's only known victim in Hogwarts' history – which happened to have been killed in that bathroom during the strange diary-memory's studies at Hogwarts. Once again... What were the odds? A strange and self-thinking artefact suddenly appears – in the same damned bathroom! – and the Chamber is reopened. Not to mention the fact that the original Tom Riddle had been the one to knowingly frame Hagrid so Hogwarts wouldn't close. Really, was the damned Wizarding World stupid? Or was it just that Dumbledore's (and other people's, Harry doubted Dumbledore could be responsible for a whole community's ineptitude, though you never knew) throwing Obliviate and other spells right, left and center that had rotted their brains? Harry sighed as he came to a stop. His eyes ran over the greenish door to the Hall of the Chamber – the snakes were still there and were waiting for his command. $Open$ , Harry hissed at the door. He tensed slightly and readied his wand as the door opened, slowly showing the pipe-like corridor that leaded to the Chamber's Hall. It was empty but Harry stayed cautious – there was a book down there that had kidnapped a First Year Gryffindor fan girl. ...not very impressive said like that, sure, but it did bad intentions a nd a Basilisk at his beck and call, which was particularly bad. And Harry wasn't willing to run blind (or, well, any blinder ) into danger no matter the old spells still working in him to 'protect Hogwarts'. The impulses he had felt last year to 'protect the Stone' and, before that, to 'discover the corridor's secrets', had left him a bitter taste in the mouth on top of their signature headaches. He wasn't willing to fight a deranged Dark Lord again, but the memory an insane Sixth Year didn't look so bad compared to the possible closure of Hogwarts, so he had not fought the spells as hard as he could have – as he should have, really. Of course it made Harry even warier, if only because it sounded so innocent, but he wasn't willing to back down. If they took Hogwarts from him, he would have to go back to the Dursleys. Like, all the time. And he was sure that the 'right people' would take measures to 'protect him' – a.k.a. keep him prisoner in his relatives' house. It just wouldn't do. Just because he happened to have vanquished someone nobody else had bothered to try and destroy before didn't meant he didn't want freedom. No matter what Dumbledore wanted, he wouldn't let himself be controlled. He was a Gryffindor, yes, but he wasn't stupidly bold. He had simply known that Gryffindor was his best shot if he wanted a peaceful school life... not that it had worked that well, right? If he had let the hat send him to Slytherin he would have been treated like a Dark Lord in training, as a Hufflepuff he would have been either a 'disgrace' or a soft guy who would do anything he could to help, and as a Ravenclaw... well, Harry was no bookworm and his intelligence was better off hidden, lest it made things more difficult for him. As a mediocre student and an oblivious person he would be under-estimated and wouldn't be watched in fear that he learnt something he wasn't supposed to know. This was how it had worked at his muggle school and this was how it worked at Hogwarts too. He wished that he didn't have the Dursleys to thank for being so good at deceiving, faking and surviving. Because, despise all their flaws, they had been thorough teachers in these subjects. He had learnt quickly not to show his cards early in the game or else . Now, as a Gryffindor, he had almost all the freedom he needed. At least he had it before being dubbed the Heir of Slytherin and a Squib-hater, but this isolation had at least managed to give him some alone time. During those few moments he had no one to fool, no one to please and he could simply walk alone and in peace. As for the little bullies who dared hex him when they thought him vulnerable... He remembered their faces and had looked up their names. He would bid his time and take revenge when they least expected it. After a few minutes of walking on the wet floor of the tunnel, Harry finally arrived in the Hall. Giant statues of snakes greeted him and the walls and pools were greenish from to the small green fires here and there. The Chamber must have been spectacular in another time, but Harry almost couldn't see it. The water damages were too important and it was obvious that Hogwarts' House Elves had no access to the place. It would give