Just saying that i dont own the Hunger Games, but i wouldn't mind owning Peeta! or Finnick! ;D Anyways, i wrote this because i was bored and i love writing :) This one goes out to Tawny, cause she's awesome ;) K, have fun reading :D and i love reviews! Chapter 1 I waited in my house alone. All alone. Haymitch was drunk and passed out on his doorstep. Gale was in 2, my mother in 4. Prim was gone forever. And Peeta... I didn't know if I'd ever see him again. I sat in my chair, rugged up with Prims old blanket and watched the snow fall outside my window. I wanted to hunt, to give me something to do, but it was too cold and it looked like the victors village was snowed in. I sighed, bored out of my mind, and slowly climbed the stairs to my room, snuggling into my warm bed. I was asleep within the minute. I woke up to someone kissing my forehead and getting off my bed. I was on my guard immediately, grabbing the knife from my bed side table. As soon as I was awake enough to see who it was, I dropped the knife to the floor and threw myself into his strong arms. I was crying already, tears streaming down my face. He hesitated, still in shock from my dive at him, before returning the hug with such force I thought I would crumble. He broke off so that he could see my face. "Katniss..." he trailed off. I wiped my nose, feeling disgusted as it ran. "When did you get here?!" I still couldn't believe he was here, in my arms, where he belonged. "Not long ago. I cleaned Haymitch up and put him in bed and came straight here. I was going to come here first but I could see Haymitch freezing from your doorstep." I nodded and pulled him into my arms again. The tears had stopped, but my heart was beating as fast as ever. "Katniss, its ok, I'm here now," he whispered into my ear as he rocked me back and forth. "You should get some sleep," he let go and gently lay me down on the bed. I climbed under the dooner, expecting him to join me. I shot out of bed when he started to leave. "No! You can't go," I argued as I dragged him to the bed. I made him get in first so that I could snuggle up against his chest, his arms wrapped around me. The last thing my mind can notice is Peeta planting a soft kiss on the top of my head. I was holding Prim, my small beautiful Prim. As soon as she stared up in my eyes I knew I would do anything for her. And then suddenly, Prim was gone, and I held Rue in my arms. I sang and watched as she closed her eyes, leaving the world forever. Prim was back, newborn little Primrose. I watched, smiling at first as she started to grow. She was holding her goat, Lady, in her arms. She removed them and started to grow even taller and suddenly we were at the 74th annual hunger games reaping. She was called up on stage but I stopped her. From the stage I watched in horror as she started to grow, yet again, to around the size she was when she died, and I realised what was happening. She crumpled to the ground in front of my eyes, her whole body lit on fire from the bomb. I screamed and called out to her, as if that could help. My eyes popped open when I felt lips pressing against mine, filling my body with warmth. For the first time in who knows how long, I had someone there to wake me from my dreams and comfort me. "Peeta?" I called out into the darkness. His hand was on my head, playing with my hair. "Are you alright?" He asked gently. I nodded but the tears welled up and spilt over faster than I was proud of. "Oh, Katniss." He pulled my head against his chest and let me soak his shirt with my tears. When I finally had cried all my tears, I pulled back. "I-I'm sorry," I mumbled. What a way to welcome him home. I hadn't seen him since we had left the Capitol, and the way I repay him is to keep him up all night and provide him with more drama then he needs. He lifted my head with his finger. "Sorry for what?" His confusion made me confused. "I woke you up," I said, pointing out the obvious. He smiled. "I've been waking up every night having nightmares about you having nightmares. I was waking up so that I could comfort you, only to find that I was alone. I tried to shake you awake, but you just slept on," he winced, seeming to be remembering my pain. "Come on you need some sleep," he told me. I looked up at him, panicked. "I'll be here." He promised. I nodded, but only because I didn't want him to miss out on his sleep because of me. I woke up, but kept my eyes close to block out the bright light I knew would be there. I felt around the warm sheets, my fingertips searching for Peeta. My eyes flew open when they found nothing, no handsome blue eyed boy. He wasn't there. I was alone. Did that mean it had all been a dream? Had he been taken in the night, killed? It wasn't like we were the most popular people in the Capitol right now. I scrambled out of bed and raced down the stairs, terrified. "Peeta! Peeeeetaaa!" I shouted, running through the house. I had been through too much to just lose him now when I had thought he was safe in my embrace. "Katniss?" His voice came from the kitchen. I ran in and found him cooking breakfast for us both. I threw myself into his arms, horrified at the thought that he would disappear on me again. "What's wrong?" He was worried about me. It reminded me of the first hunger games we'd been in, when I went hunting and he disappeared. The cannon had gone off and I thought he had died. "I thought you'd been taken," I managed to get out between sobs. I finally calmed, with a lot of help from him and I was suddenly angry. "Don't you ever do that to me again! After what we've been through, it's no wonder I thought you'd been killed. I was practically waiting for that stupid cannon to go off and announce I was alone in the world again." I was hitting his chest, trying to get it through to him. "I'm sorry. I promise, next time I'll write a note or something," he kissed my cheek. I shook my head. "Just wake me up." He frowned. "The note could have been forged." I answered his questioning eyes. Pain flickered onto his face, but he tried to hide it. "Ok. But don't go expecting any surprise breakfast's," he teased. I pretended to scowl at him, but I couldn't hold it as poked his tongue out at me. I smiled weakly back. There was banging on the door, and Peeta lightly unwrapped my arms from his waist. I glared at him and snaked my arm once again around him, holding tight. He laughed and dragged me along with him to the door. Haymitch stood there, wobbling on my doorstep. Drunk again then. "Effie's coming." He glared at us like it was our fault. I watched as he nearly fell, and finally allowed Peeta to let go. He helped Haymitch through the house to the living room. "When's she coming?" He smiled, pleased to have an old friend visiting. Haymitch almost growled, obviously less than pleased he'd have to put up with the demanding, colourful Effie Trinket. "In two days. She wants to stay at one of your places. She won't stay at mine." He smiled evilly. Peeta looked at me, unsure of what to say. "She can stay here. If she doesn't like my room there are plenty of spare ones. If she wants a girly one, she can have my mother's old one. Can I stay with you Peeta?" He nodded and smiled, half laughing. "No need to ask," he smiles, "I would have been at your place with you every other night if you let me." I smiled back, knowing that was true. "Oh shut up you two lovey doves, or I'll have to drop you off at District 13." I smirked at him and Peeta leaned in to kiss me passionately. It was one of those kisses from the beach, the one that leaves me wanting more. Unable to contain my excitement, nibble his lip and feel his mouth smile beneath mine. I glare at Haymitch when he kicks my hip. Peeta must have received one too, as he jumps back in surprise. "Time to go home Haymitch." He growled at him. For the next two days, I spend my time cleaning the house the best I could, while Peeta bakes in my kitchen. He had prepared a welcome home cake for Effie, which was three tiers tall with pink frosting and small sugar flowers covering it. Every night after we finished our work, Peeta would carry me up the stairs to my room and we would fall asleep, wrapped in each other's arms. It was finally the night before Effie arrived and I was curled up in Peeta's arms, with him walking me a few houses down to his own. I had never really been upstairs, as he had always came to my place, but it was exciting to think that I'd have a new home for a while, one where my mother and sister had never lived at, so there was no memories of them associated with it. I looked up when we came to a sudden halt. Surely we couldn't be there yet. And we weren't. There was someone in our way, standing tall in some sort of uniform. His hair had grown since the last time I had seen him and he was much cleaner and had less sores than last time, too. Peeta tensed and I froze. "What are you doing here?" I asked. Taking a step towards us, I could make out his features easier. "I came with Effie, but she stayed in 13 for the night," Gale responded. I nodded, and looked at Peeta for him to keep walking. But when I saw the look in his eyes, I struggled out of his arms. Gale must have triggered some sort of episode. I hadn't talked to his doctor yet to figure out how to properly help him, and it was all I could do to jump out of his arms and stand a few metres away, still staring him in the eyes. "Your name is Peeta Mellark. Your favourite colour is orange like the sunset, you always double tie your shoelaces and you always sleep with the windows open," I try to remind him. He whipped his hand out as if to karate chop me. He had always been good at hand to hand combat. "You mutt! You killed my family! You killed your own sister! You pretended to love me to save your own life you selfish bitch!" He screamed at me. I was prepared for the first three accusations, but the last one shocked me. He had never used that one against me, and what hurt even more was that it was true. Still, I had to try getting him back to normal. "No Peeta. I'm not a mutt, the Capitol didn't make me. Snow killed your family, and my sister..." I trailed off, not knowing who to say. Was it Gale or Snow?