Author's Note: Welcome to my new fanfic! This fanfiction will have romances between Harry/Pansy and Draco/Hermione. Neither of them will have more weight than the other, they are equal romances in this fanfiction! Also, Ron will not appear often in this story. Do not leave a review only talking about how Ron is hardly involved and yelling at me to involve him more. This fanfiction is rated M for Scenes of a Sexual Nature and Language, so if these offend you, please do not move forward. I hope you enjoy! xx Disclaimer: All characters, items and places mentioned in the story moving forward are the creation and copyright of J.K. Rowling and the Harry Potter series. I am in no way taking credit for any of them. "Oh come on 'Mione. You've been studying like crazy ever since we got back to school. You'd think after surviving a wizarding war that you'd have learned to loosen up a little." Harry winced at Ron's words as though he had been painfully struck in the back of the head. He glanced over to where Hermione sat in the Gryffindor common room, pouring over books and parchment at the lone study table. Ron sat beside him on the couch, munching on some snacks Mrs. Weasley had sent him, completely oblivious to the war he was about to start. Hermione's quill stilled in her hand and her lips thinned into a tight line of annoyance. Harry jumped in before she had the chance to say anything. "I think what Ron is trying to say, Hermione," Harry shot Ron a warning look, whose ears instantly turned red as he noticed his own mistake. "Is that yes, we did win the wizarding war and yes, school is very important. But we can still have fun sometimes. You want your last year Hogwarts to be fun, don't you?" Ron nodded vigorously beside Harry. Hermione huffed at this, turning her eyes on them. "Did it ever occur to you that reading is fun for me?" she said, glaring over at them. "Just because I don't want to go to a party doesn't mean I'm not having fun." "Well, weren't you the one saying just a few weeks ago that we needed to try and be friendlier with the other houses, because that's what Dumbledore would have wanted?" Ron piped in, his fingers sticky from his snacks. "This is the perfect opportunity for that." Harry stiffened at the mention of Dumbledore, though he tried to keep himself composed. He knew Ron was just trying to get Hermione to come out, but it was still difficult to hear Dumbledore's name used in the past tense. He was trying very hard to get over it, though. Hermione tapped her quill against her parchment, contemplating Ron's words. "Just come this one night," Harry said, when Hermione seemed hellbent on ignoring them as she began scribbling away at her parchment again. "If you don't like it, we'll leave you alone for the rest of the year." Hermione looked up from her work to glance over at the two boys sitting on the couch. She eyed them both, noting their pleading faces. She had always preached about inter-house unity to them, and she knew that it was important to Harry to do what Dumbledore had wanted, but tonight she had wanted so badly to stay in and work on her Transfiguration essay. She had been sure that she would have been able to deflect them if they came and asked her to come to the party with them. But now she was beginning to feel herself give in. "Is Ginny going?" Hermione asked. If she was going to go to an inter-house unity party that was hosted in the Slytherin common room, she at least wanted another female there with her. Harry nodded and just as he did so Ginny came down the stairs, her hair brushed and pulled back into a long ponytail. She gave him a little smile but instead of sitting next to him she remained standing in the middle of the room. Things had been a little uncomfortable between them since the end of the war. Without the possibility of death hanging on their doorsteps, they had fallen back into the roles that they had played before. Harry was awkward and shy and Ginny was just Ron's little sister. Though despite their faltering feelings for each other, they had stayed together, whereas Ron and Hermione had quickly fallen apart. They had started bickering about one thing or another, which led to a big fight that in turn broke them up, though they seemed to be doing much better now that they weren't in a relationship. "So will you come?" Ron asked. Hermione tapped her quill again, looking between each of their faces before finally she sighed in defeat and nodded her head. Draco scowled and glanced up from his homework when he had felt someone watching the top of his bent head. Pansy and Blaise stood before him, watching him intently and waiting for him to notice them. Blaise was calm as ever, his features sharp and his eyes dark, whereas Pansy had a smile on her face that told Draco that she wanted something from him, though she was going to pretend that she didn't. Draco's stormy eyes bounced from Pansy to Blaise and back again before he cocked a curious eyebrow. "Yes, Pansy?" He had barely gotten the words out before Pansy was pulling out the chair next to him and sitting herself down. Blaise followed her lead, taking the chair on the other side of the table. Draco had a feeling he wouldn't be getting any more homework done. "Oh, nothing. We were just wondering where you were." Pansy said, looking at her nails and feigning disinterest. Draco let out a heavy sigh, putting his quill down and leaning back into his chair, crossing his arms. "Either tell me what you want Pansy, or I'm just going to ignore you." Draco threatened. Pansy dropped her hand into her lap and looked up at him with that same smile. "Well, as you know, there's a party going on tonight in the Slytherin common room, an inter-house unity party-" Draco interrupted her with a groan and an eyeroll. "Not this again," he grumbled under his breath, picking up his quill. Pansy's smile vanished and was replaced with an impatient scowl. "You're going to this party Draco, we've already decided it." She said, gesturing towards Blaise. "You need to learn to talk to people. Interact and make amends. And by people, I don't mean us and 'every now and again Millicent.' I mean people from other houses. Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Gryffindor." Draco sneered at the very idea. Him? Talking to people from other houses? And to Gryffindors no less. After the war, he was surprised to even come back to Hogwarts at all, let alone converse with the people from there. He glanced at Blaise, as though looking for help, but Blaise only shrugged. "It might be good for you mate. Just show up, have a few conversations, drink a little and go to sleep. Easy." Draco snorted and rolled his eyes. Yeah, easy. Harry and Ron stood rather impatiently at the bottom of the winding staircase, waiting for Hermione and Ginny to come back down. Ron was nervous that when Hermione came down, she would begin to yell at him for dragging her into this, but Harry was nervous for other reasons. He agreed with Ron that Hermione should come and try to have fun, and he also agreed that Ron had a point when he said that they needed to work on Dumbledore's goal of inter-house unity, but that didn't mean that Harry was jumping for joy at the idea of spending an evening with the Slytherins. He was dreading putting on a fake smile and pretending to get along with them, but this was for Dumbledore. He had to keep reminding himself of that. This was for Dumbledore. Hermione and Ginny finally came downstairs, and when they got to the bottom Hermione glanced over at her abandoned textbooks sitting on the desk with longing. She shifted on her feet and crossed her arms, looking ready to say something before Ron swooped in and stopped her. "Alright, ready to go?" Ron turned on his heels and started towards the portrait hole, leaving the others no choice but to follow him. Ginny fell into step beside Harry and they glanced at each other before awkwardly looking away. Hermione came behind them, huffing to herself at the inconvenience of it all. They had only reached the third floor when they started seeing groups from other houses heading for the dungeons. A group of Ravenclaws, including Cho Chang, passed them, talking excitedly to each other. "There are going to be people from every house there," Ginny observed as they descended further into the castle. Down in the dungeons it was colder than the rest of the castle, and the group hurried their way towards the Slytherin common room. Their nerves had gotten the better of them, even Ron had become quiet. When they reached the portrait hole, all four of them stopped in front of it. Harry glanced over the snake in the portrait, that was curled around a single rock and looking at them with emerald eyes. "Does anyone know the password?" Hermione asked, wanting to get a peak at the common room. In their second year when they had taken a Polyjuice potion to sneak into the Slytherin common room and interrogate Draco, Hermione hadn't been able to come due to a mix up of hairs. She had always remained a little curious about what it looked like. "I know it," a voice said from behind them. They turned to see a timid Hufflepuff boy standing behind them with two others flanked by his sides. He stepped ahead of them and cleared his throat before whispering the password. The snake raised its large head and hissed at them, obviously annoyed that they were not from Slytherin, but none-the-less opened the portrait hole for them. As the portrait swung open, the Hufflepuffs disappeared into the opening, followed quickly by Ron, then Harry, then Ginny and then Hermione. The fire in the large stone fireplace had been enchanted green and instantly warmed the room from the chill of the hall. Even without the fire, Hermione would have suspected that the number of people in the room would have warmed them up just as well. It seemed as though multiple groups from different houses had already showed up and were beginning to drink the large selection of alcohol from a long table set up at one side of the room. Draco combed a hand through his blonde hair, staring into the mirror before him with intent eyes. He felt his nerves jiggling around inside of him at the idea of facing a room full of people that were not from his own house. He tried fixing his hair again, as though it would calm him down. He could hear the sound of the other students upstairs already mingling. Draco was certain the Hufflepuffs had already showed up, always desperate to make new friends, and he had seen a few Ravenclaws whilst he had been heading down the stairs into the boys dormitory to get ready about fifteen minutes ago. He knew that some Gryffindors had turned up as well because when he had been down in the dormitory, because there had been a brief but heavy silence that filled the common room at one point. Draco shook out his hair again before a knock on the door caught his attention. He glanced over just as Blaise had pushed the door open and came inside, obviously looking for him. "Pansy sent me to come get you," Blaise said. "She said not to let you stay down here all night." Draco tried to come