Author's Note: Hello, my lovelies! This is a one-shot that I wrote in one-go just to get my creative juices flowing. I started the story off without knowing where it was going to lead and this is what I came up with. PLEASE BE AWARE : This story does contain VERY explicit descriptions of scenes of a sexual nature, strong language and also contains a very sensitive topic issue (miscarriages). If you are sensitive to any of these, please do not go forward with the story! This is your only and final warning! Remember, if you like this story give it a favorite and don't forget to leave a comment so I can talk with you guys! And give me a follow if you want to see more stories from me! I hope you all enjoy this completely chaotic romance. xxx She came out of nowhere. Perhaps she materialized out of thin air. One minute Draco was browsing the bookshelves at the local library and the next he was staring at the profile of her face. He almost didn't recognize her. It's been ten years since he'd last seen her small nose and rosy cheeks, her slender figure or her small, rounded bum. Her hair was straighter than he remembered it being and longer. It had its own shimmer to it when the light above reflected down on top of it. However, it was not her hair or her pink lips that threw him off from recognizing her. Her wardrobe had changed drastically over the years. No longer did she wear muggle jeans and a sweater that had made up her usual attire for so many years at Hogwarts. Instead, she was wearing a pair of patterned tights that showed off her long and shapely legs, and a pair of high-waisted shorts rode up so high that he could see the tantalizing crescent moons of her bottom poking out. A sleeveless shirt showed off her tanned skin and broadcasted to the world a peep show of her side boob. Granger had gone braless today. He didn't know what to think of this new vision before him. Could this truly be the girl he went to school with? The mudblood who had her nose shoved so far into a book she might as well have just lived inside of it? Surely not. Suddenly her gaze turned to look at him and he was caught. They stared at each other, waiting for the other to say something first. To break the silence that had fallen between them. Draco noticed the bags under her eyes now that she was looking at him. She looked exhausted. Defeated. Miserable even. "Malfoy." She breathed his name like a long sigh and it sent a shiver through him. "Granger," he answered curtly. How were they to act? Were they to resume their bantering from school? They were no longer children, and prejudices such as bloodlines and royalties had died when Voldemort had perished. But if there were no more prejudices then what were they? What were Draco and Hermione now? "What are you doing here?" It was such a simple question, spoken in such a complex tone. "Just browsing," Draco looked around at the books on the shelves around him, but they no longer held his interest. His eyes turned back to the unfamiliar woman before him. He struggled to figure her out. "What about you?" Granger looked down at the book she held tightly clasped in her hands. It was cream colored and thick. Draco tried to read the cover, but the title was blocked by her fingers. She didn't say anything for a long while. Draco wondered if he should leave her alone but his feet remained rooted to the spot. She was smaller than usual and quieter and it was captivating him. Who was she? She had transformed into something unknown. "Trying to figure something out," she finally said, sounding so certain and concrete. Her dark eyes turned to look up at him. She was telling the truth. Opening up. Trusting. He wanted to know what it was that was going through her head. It had broken her. Shaken her mentally and physically. She shifted her weight from one foot to the other and Draco noticed her midnight black high heels and the red nail polish peeking through the stocking on her foot. She enticed him. Perhaps it had merely been too long since he had been with a woman. The war had done things to his mind. He could hardly function properly anymore, let alone hold a relationship with a woman long enough to fuck her. He had been alone for years. "Would you like to get a drink?" She blinked up at him in surprise, but she didn't immediately refuse. He wondered if she was looking him over, examining him the same way he had done to her. Would she notice the chapped skin of his lips or the rumpled tufts of his hair? Perhaps she would pick up on the subtle scent of overpriced cologne and the absence of a wedding ring or overpowering aroma of women's perfume on his skin. Maybe she would even notice the demons that danced just behind his eyes, swimming around in his head, performing nightmares behind his eyelids in his sleep. "Yes." She said it very calmly as though it were normal. He walked her to the front desk where he was watched her pay for her book with money that she pulled from the back pocket of her high waisted shorts. He noticed when she leaned over to grab a bag that he could almost see the supple lips of her pussy peeking from one of her pant legs. She wore no underwear with her stockings and that made his body react in a way it never had before with her. She put her book, Pride & Prejudice , inside her plastic bag and straightened up again. The cashier behind the counter, an old stern looking woman, had seen Draco staring and was giving him an ugly look. He ignored her and silently followed Granger out of the book store. The November air was chilly and a thin layer of snow coated the sidewalk. He wondered how Granger could walk around in such revealing clothing without getting frostbite but he didn't question it as they made their way towards the closest pub. Neither of them spoke, instead choosing to watch their feet as they walked, his dragon hide dress shoes and her provocative high heels. When they reached the pub, a little hole tucked away between two dark buildings, Draco opened the door and allowed her to go in first. It was dimly lit in the pub and hardly anyone was there. It was almost midnight on a Wednesday afternoon. Granger walked confidently over to the bar and ordered herself a drink, placing her bag next to her. Draco stopped on her other side, ordering himself a whiskey. They drank their first drink in silence. His eyes kept wandering over to her. He noticed the tear in her patterned stockings on her inner thigh, leading all the way up into her shorts. Her wrists were covered in bracelets and almost all of her fingers had a ring of them, save for the ring finger on her left hand. That finger remained absolutely and so obviously bare. "Is it strange?" Draco blinked, unaware he had been staring so intently at the tease of her side boob showing from her shirt. He focused on her face. She was not even giving him the time of day. Her eyes were distracted by the subtle drip of the faucet on the bar. "Is what strange?" "Seeing me again." She clarified. "Yes," he said without pausing. It had been ten years since he had last seen her. He would have assumed that she was off with Weasley, producing children and having three-ways with him and Potter, all living together in a house somewhere far away from where he would never see any of them ever again. But now here she was, in his neighborhood, with her long legs and glowing hair and her voluptuous side boob. "You're very different." She turned quickly to look at him. "I am." It wasn't a question but a confirmation. "What happened?" He wondered if he truly cared. He did not care about many things lately. There was no need to care because there was nothing to care about. Life had lost its luster. "What happened to me?" She asked. "Yes." "You don't care." "Maybe not." "Then why ask?" "Because you want to tell someone." "But tell you?" She looked alarmed and slightly defensive. A fire was growing behind her chocolate eyes, melting their cold exterior, sending waves of warmth onto him. "Why not?" Draco fired back at her. The music in the pub seemed to have grown dimmer. "We're not friends." "Then why didn't you go find a friend to tell?" She stared down at the bottom of her empty glass. She took a breath, her breasts rose and fell and Draco stared at them before she ordered another drink. "I'd need to be drunk," she said under her breath as the bartender refilled her glass. "Then let's get drunk." She looked at him for a long time. Her plump, glossed lips were parted and Draco could smell her perfume move around him. "Okay," she said, as easy as it was to breathe. They drank together in silence. Each round made Granger look lighter and made the hard knot that constantly lived in Draco's chest loosen. The first time she smiled it took him by surprise. It wasn't long after that she spoke, her words slurred and her legs crossed and touching his knee. "I can't remember ever drinking this much before." Her eyes were glittering under the dim light of the bar and her cheeks were flushed and rosy and stretched with the weight of her smile. Her teeth were pearly and straight. She bit her lower lip and it sent a rush of warmth to Draco's crotch at the sight. "I can," he said, gripping his whiskey glass tight in his fingers. He couldn't help but stare at her legs touching his knee. He couldn't help it. His fingers reached out and caressed the top of it gently. He could feel the sheer fabric of the stocking and the warmth of her feverish skin. He looked up at her and her brown eyes were watching his fingers, her mouth parted and her eyes half lidded. "Where have you been?" Draco asked. "Around," Granger answered vaguely, watching his hand engulf her knee and his long fingers graze the inside of her thigh. "Here and there." "What happened to Potter and Weasley?" She looked up at him slowly, as though just seeing him for the first time that night. She shifted under his palm but did not move away from him. "They've left." Draco raised an eyebrow. "Left?" "Harry married Ginny after the war." Granger's eyes looked far away and distant. "They moved to Ireland. Had two children." She didn't continue on her own. "And Weasley? Weren't you two meant to grow old?" A flame of hatred sparked behind her eyes. She tensed under him. "No. He has left too." Draco didn't push the topic. He didn't so much care what had happened to Weasley. He didn't care about much anything at all except for the fact that there was a beautiful woman sitting next to him and that his fingers had been slowly moving up her thigh and she had not pushed him away yet. He had not been this close to a woman in so long. He could feel his urges rampaging through him. "The past is the past." She blinked at him and was brought back to reality. The flame behind her eyes extinguished and she looked at him curiously. "It is," she agreed slowly. "We are here now." His