Author's Note: I've got all these essays to write and finals to prepare for and here I am, writing more fanfiction than ever. I've just got so many ideas and inspirations! I hope you all enjoy this new story! I will be uploading new chapters as quickly as I can, as well as to my other fanfictions, depending on my work schedule and my finals. This fanfiction is set to be a slight AU (alternative universe) and although I will try very hard to keep all the facts straight about what happened in the books, there may be some slight differences so please keep that in mind when reading ahead! Please leave a comment and let me know what you think! I love hearing from you! xxx Disclaimer: All characters, items and places mentioned in the story moving forward are the creation and copyright of J.K. Rowling and the Harry Potter series. I am in no way taking credit for any of them. The taxi pulled to a slow stop by the side of the road, next to an expansive cornfield that stretched for miles out of sight. The cab driver glanced out of the window on both sides, staring around the masses of corn stalks, a confused look forming over his pudgy face. He glanced over his shoulder at the curious woman in the back of his cab and asked with unmasked uncertainty, "This is where you want me to drop you off?" Hermione Granger nodded, already unbuckling her seatbelt and putting the hat onto her head, hiding her now cut short, frizzy brown hair. She reached into her handbag and pulled out a wad of muggle money, riffling through the stack and pulling a twenty pound note out and passing it up to the front. The cab driver took it, still looking curiously around at the stalks of corn, as though he were waiting for someone to pop out and attack his car. "Are you sure miss? There ain't nothin round here for miles," the cab driver insisted, watching as the woman he had picked up at King's Cross station opened her door and proceeded to get out. "No really, this is perfect," Hermione insisted, offering the man a forced smile. She was far too nervous to offer any sort of real reassurance to the cab driver. "If you could just open the trunk for me," she said, shifting around on her balls of her feet and clutching her handbag tight. The cab driver eyed her a moment longer before he shrugged a rounded shoulder and pressed a button under his steering wheel. A loud clunk sounded from the back of the cab and Hermione hurried around to the back. She had just lifted up the top when the cab driver came waddling around from the driver's side, glancing over his shoulder periodically. He swatted Hermione away when she tried to lift the massive suitcase from the back and began to tug on it himself, grunting with each pull. Hermione left him to it, rushing back around to her door, which remained open, and reached inside for the animal carrier that sat abandoned on the seat. Her bristly tailed, squashed-faced orange cat, Crookshanks, hissed in annoyance at being stuffed inside the carrier, and glowered at her with impatience. "I know, I know, just a little longer," she insisted, closing the door and hurrying back around to the back, where the cab driver had finally gotten her luggage out of the trunk. Hermione checked her watch, feeling anxious about being late. It was nearly 2:30 in the afternoon. "I can take it from here," Hermione said, tying Crookshanks' carrier to the top of her suitcase and giving the cab driver what she hoped was a grateful smile. "Well…" the cab driver seemed reluctant to leave her alone in the middle of nowhere so far outside London, but after a long pause, where he realized Hermione was not going to get back in the cab, he nodded his head. His hands swung by his sides uncertainly as he started back towards the driver's side of the car. "Alright then, have a good day miss." Hermione waited until the car had gone out of sight before she repositioned her handbag in her hand, which had begun to sweat from nerves, and grabbed a hold of her suitcase. Glancing up and down the road to make sure it was void of any prying eyes, Hermione stepped into the cornfield. She walked only a few paces inward, until her view of the road was shrouded by husks and brown covered kernels, before a loud crack echoed through the air and Hermione vanished from the place where she had just been standing. Almost instantaneously, Hermione reappeared past the cornfields on the outskirts of what looked like a little village. Though this village was not like the others that could be found around England. This village was filled with the air of magic. There were shops lined along the main street, with curious objects in the windows such as broomsticks, cauldrons and owls. One of the shops, a book store that looked like any other in London, had a broom that was sweeping the sidewalk on its own, pushing dirt into a dust pin that then vanished into thin air. The grandest building by far in the little village was across the road from where Hermione had appeared, a five story castle that looked almost like a more modern, miniscule version of Hogwarts, the wizarding school that Hermione had spent seven of her years in, eight including the year that she had missed because she had been on the run with her two best friends, Harry Potter and Ronald Weasley. Hermione felt a pang in her stomach at the sudden remembrance of her friends. She had gone to school with them since they had been eleven years old and now, continuing on with her education, it felt lonely to be without them. She quickly reprimanded herself for feeling sorry for herself and she grabbed her suitcase and hurried across the road towards the large building. There were already many people gathered in the Great Lawn in front of the building, hauling suitcases and trunks across the grass towards the entrance. Standing at the top of the stairs stood three people older than Hermione and her peers, and she assumed that they must be professors at the school. One of them, an elderly woman with graying hair and a stern expression, reminded Hermione incredibly of Professor McGonagall, the Transfigurations professor at Hogwarts. Hermione narrowly avoided missing a trolley full of owls in cages which was being pushed towards the entrance as she stared up at the building in front of her. Today would mark the day in which she would start her journey as an undergraduate witch at the University of Magical Law and Medical Practices. Though as nervous as she was, especially for being nearly twenty minutes late to check into her dorm, Hermione felt a rush of excitement zip through her. Harry and Ron laughed at her when she had told them that instead of immediately taking a job at the Ministry, like they had when it had been offered to them, Hermione wanted to continue on with her education. "What's the point?" Ron had said, already polishing his new Auror's badge. He was almost as obsessed with it as his older brother Percy had been when he had been selected as Prefect for Gryffindor house. "Why don't you just take the job at the Ministry?" Hermione didn't know why she had been so reluctant to immediately jump into working after graduating from Hogwarts. Ron and Hermione had gone back to finish their last year, against Ron's wishes, after the second wizarding war had been over. Harry, however, had already been offered a position as an Auror and eagerly took the job. This upset Ron so much that he sulked in class for nearly two months before Quidditch started up. Perhaps it was the fact that Hermione had never been able to have a quiet year at Hogwarts to fully enjoy her studies and immerse herself in the workings of the magical world. Ever since her first year, when she had been cornered in the girls' bathroom by a troll and later saved by Ron and Harry, she had always found herself in the middle of all the action. Which she had liked back then, but then grew to resent a little when she went back her seventh (technically eighth) year and realized how nice it was to have some peace and quiet. Or perhaps Hermione merely wanted to stay busy to avoid thinking about her parents, whose minds she had to obliviate during the midst of the war and who did not remember her at all as their daughter. Either way, Hermione had turned down the offer and had instead applied to a few wizarding universities with the help of Professor McGonagall. Hermione couldn't remember exactly how she had decided that she wanted to go into law, but she knew it was exactly what she wanted. After hearing about all the mistrials during Voldemort's reign and the mistreatment of other magical creatures aside from wizards, Hermione knew that she wanted to help people and bring justice back into the system. "Oi, move along will you?" Hermione blinked, quickly coming round from her daydreams and stepping aside to avoid a large mass of women hurrying along, pushing trolleys and eyeing her with annoyance. Hermione blushed heavily and quickly opened her handbag and consulted the sheet of parchment she had folded and stuffed away inside. The parchment, an official letter from the University of Wizarding Law and Medical Practices, told her to meet on the Great Lawn of the university campus at 2.30 on Saturday, September 15th to obtain her list of classes, list of books she would need, and to discover where her dormitory would be. Hermione looked around the lawn nervously. It was nearing three in the afternoon and she had no idea who to look for. "Lost, are you?" Hermione blushed for the second time and quickly wheeled around. A tall man with dark, combed hair and a strong jaw looked at her in amusement, a smile on his thin lips. In his hand he was carrying a large stack of parchments and around his neck hung what looked like a nametag. Daniel shown across it in glittering, silver letters. "Oh, um," Hermione winced as Crookshanks hissed impatiently from his carrier. She quickly stepped in front of the carrier, hiding it from view. "I'm… I'm a bit late," Hermione confessed, dropping the letter back into her handbag and snapping it shut, gripping it tight with both of her hands. Daniel gave her a friendly smile and shook his head. "Don't worry, everyone seems to be running late today. Happens every year at the start of term. Your name?" Hermione started, shifting on her feet anxiously. It felt strange to be at a school where no one knew who she was. She had spent most of her life within the walls at Hogwarts and knew almost everyone by name. "Oh, Hermione. Hermione Granger." Daniel riffled through his stack of parchments, whistling a tune, and his cheerful demeanor helped calm Hermione's nerves. She was thankful to have him help her, and not the stern looking woman who was overseeing the chaos from her perch on the stairs with a disapproving gaze. Finally, after a few moments of riffling and whistling, Daniel pulled out from the stack two pieces of parchment. "Alright Miss. Granger, here is your timetable for this semester and your list of required books. Your dormitory is through these doors," he gestured towards the large doors at the top of the stairs, "Take a left and go up four flights of stairs. Dormitories are on the top floor, classrooms are on floors four, three and two, Mess Hall is on the first