Author's Note: Hello hello lovely readers! I have been thinking about starting this fanfiction for nearly six months now and I have finally gotten myself to sit down and write out the first chapter. I have been delaying it because I wanted to get it just right and I finally feel like I have an opening that I am happy with. I hope you all enjoy it! This fanfiction will not follow the events of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Something to remember: most of the main characters in this fanfiction (Scorpius Malfoy, Markus Zabini, Violet Parkinson, etc) are in their sixth year at Hogwarts, while Lily Potter (another main character) is in her fourth. I decided to stick to the original ages set by J.K. Rowling, as I feel this would make Lily more influential and would be more beneficial to the story plot. Also, please be advised that many characters within the story (Markus Zabini, Violet Parkinson, etc) are of my own creation and are not affiliated with J.K. Rowling. This fanfiction will contain a Scorpius Malfoy X Lily Potter romance, and is rated M to include: ~Strong Language ~Mild/Strong Scenes of a Sexual Nature ~Drug and Alcohol use ~Graphic Descriptions of Gruesome Images Please follow to stay updated on new chapters and give it a favorite if you enjoy! Also feel free to leave a review, as I love hearing from my readers so much! Your reviews are what gives me the confidence and positive reinforcement to move forward with a fanfiction. So without further ado! Please enjoy! xxx Disclaimer: All characters, items and places mentioned in the story moving forward are the creation and copyright of J.K. Rowling and the Harry Potter series. I am in no way taking credit for any of them. Scorpius watched his father grab an apple from the kitchen table and head towards the basement door, like he did almost every other night. His father practically lived down there. He spent hours upon hours working on his alchemy and concoctions of who knows what type of potions. Scorpius had tried asking him once what it was that he was making down there, but his father had merely shrugged a nonchalant shoulder. "It's just a hobby," Draco had said. Scorpius wished he didn't believe him, but he knew it was probably true. Despite all of the rumors he heard at Hogwarts, after the excitement of the war, which his father refused to talk about, Draco Malfoy had become a very quiet character. Scorpius was sad to say that his father was one of the most boring men he had ever met. Still, sometimes he liked to imagine his father was down in the basement making up some evil scheme that he kept hidden from the world; even from his own family. At least to shake things up a bit. When the basement door closed and Scorpius was certain that his father would be down there for good, he stood from his spot on the top of the grand staircase and proceeded to head for the front door of the main foyer of the Malfoy Manor. "And where is it that you think you're going?" Scorpius cringed at the sound of his mother's voice as it echoed from the high ceiling. Trust her to be the one to find him sneaking out again. He turned on his heels to look at her, raising a platinum eyebrow of question. "Why, what ever do you mean mother?" he asked innocently, plunging his hands into the pockets of his black jacket. Astoria Malfoy was a tall, slender woman, with pronounced cheeks and a pointed chin, and eyes that could make you feel guilty even if you were innocent. She looked at him with those piercing eyes of hers now, crossing her arms over the chest of her long, silk night gown. "You leave for Hogwarts tomorrow," she reminded him, as if he needed to be reminded at all. Five years and he had never once missed the Hogwarts Express, even if he had wanted to. "I know," he said, taking a step backwards towards the front door. He was already late. Violet would never let him hear the end of it if he didn't turn up soon. "You'll leave at ten in the morning," she continued, as though he hadn't interrupted her. "I'll be there," he turned on his heels, reaching for the large handle and yanking it open. The warm air of one of the last nights of summer hit his face and he felt the familiar adrenaline rush that he got every time he disappeared out into the night. "I love you, Scorpius." He nodded back to her impatiently, pursing his lips together into a well-rehearsed smile. "Got it." Violet slithered through the crowd of bodies that danced and mingled around her in a daze. Her dark eyes scanned the crowd and her petite hand gripped a champagne glass by her side. The music blared from the magical speakers around her, making it nearly impossible to hear the screamed conversations she walked through. Multicolored strobe lights flashed and danced around the room, distorting it. She paused for a moment to take it all in. All of the glorious chaos that happened around her. It called to her in a way that she couldn't understand. The bass of the drums pounding in her ears drowned out everything around her and she smiled to herself. A couple to her left exited the building through the open doors, and if it hadn't been for their movement, Violet would have almost missed the brilliant flash of platinum hair that dashed past outside. With a devious smirk, she pushed her way outside and glanced around the front yard, which had been completely trashed; littered with empty bottles and waste paper. She gazed around for another glimpse of that bright hair, but it seemed to have disappeared completely. But Violet knew better than that. He wouldn't have shown up for nothing, and he definitely wouldn't have left without saying something to her or Markus. A leaf drifted down from above her and landed squarely in her drink. With a satisfied smirk, she leaned against the base of the tree from which it had fallen and twirled the leaf around in her drink with one of her painted fingernails. "Are you planning on spending the whole night in that tree, skulking around, Malfoy?" she asked conversationally. A chuckle echoed from above her and she heard a branch creek over her head. She lifted her eyes to look up at him. His striking gaze stared down at her from his perch in the tree before he suddenly dropped and landed beside her. "You're no fun Parkinson," Scorpius complained, adjusting his jacket and pushing back a few strands of gelled hair that had come out of place. "I'm more fun than you can handle," Violet mocked, flicking the damp, fallen leaf that had been in her drink to the ground before taking another sip. "Markus around?" Scorpius asked, his light eyes scanning the crowd in front of him for the tall, brooding figure of their dark-skinned friend. Violet shook her head, her thick, messy black hair pulled up high into a tall bun on the top of her head. "He's with his girl," she commented off-handedly. "Always the life of the party, that one," Scorpius chided and Violet laughed before she jerked her chin towards the open doors and led him inside. "He better not be growing soft on us," Scorpius continued, yelling over the amplified noise inside the house. "I wouldn't worry about that," Violet said, her eyes catching sight of Markus Zabini standing on the other side of the room, dressed in expensive robes with a pretty, curly haired, dark-skinned woman standing beside him in a backless silver dress. Scorpius followed Violet's gaze and smirked when Markus caught sight of them. His expressionless face did not change at the sight of his two friends, but he did extract himself from his beautiful girlfriend and make his way through the crowd towards them. He grabbed a passing glass of champagne as it floated by and downed it before he came to stand in front of the others. "Thought you weren't coming Malfoy," Markus said, eyeing the occupants of the room as though they were surrounded by enemies and not by other witches and wizards their age. "I always come round, don't I?" Scorpius said, completely unbothered by his own tardiness. "Your folks know about this ragger?" Markus gave him a look that told him his answer. "Shall we proceed?" Violet asked, a dangerous glint in her dark eyes. Scorpius glanced at her before turning his gaze back to Markus, who finished giving the room one last sweeping look and started away without another word. Scorpius and Violet trailed behind him obediently. Markus stopped by the grand staircase to hand his empty glass to a house elf before he rounded the corner into a dark, abandoned corridor under the stairs. They walked through the dark hall, the walls vibrating with the force of the loud music in the foyer, before Markus suddenly took a left and disappeared behind a tapestry. Unshocked by this secret passage, for they had been their multiple times before, Scorpius and Violet followed him after being sure that they were not being watched. The tapestry opened up to a large, spiral staircase leading down into the depths of the house, lit only by a few lanterns here and there. At the bottom of the stone steps sat a blank slate of wall and Markus stood there waiting for them to join him. When they did, he raised an eyebrow towards Scorpius. "I believe it's your turn," he said thickly. Without hesitating, Scorpius approached the blank wall. He reached into the pocket of his jacket before extracting a small, silver knife with a little black handle. He held up his left hand and laid it flat in midair. The flickering light from a nearby lantern illuminated the long, thin scars on the palm of his hand. With a swift jerk, he reopened one of the scars and pressed his hand flat against the wall, closing his eyes and concentrating hard, his lips moving soundlessly. The moment he dropped his hand, the stone wall gave a little shutter and a black metal door materialized in front of them. Scorpius stepped back and allowed Markus to approach. Markus pulled an ancient looking key from his pocket and placed it into the hole, giving it a twist. The metal door clanked loudly and swung inward to admit them. One by one, they entered into the damp, dark room below the party. It was hard being the only daughter of Harry Potter. When she was younger, Lily had never really thought about how important her last name was. Her older brother Albus always used to worry about going to Hogwarts with the last name Potter, mostly because her other brother James thought it was great fun to get him worked up. But Lily had never been like that. Not until her first year anyway. It was only after she had been sorted into Gryffindor that Lily realized what it meant to live in the shadow of the Potter name. She was the youngest and the only female Potter child to attend Hogwarts, and everyone seemed to expect great and amazing things from her. But Lily herself did not feel amazing. Though she had inherited her mother's fiery red hair and love of trying new things, she was rubbish with a broomstick and wasn't very outgoing, like her parents were. Because of this, Lily soon faded into the background. Her brother James was loud and a prankster and so had his title as the house's jokester. Albus was smart and all the professors liked him, the same with her cousin Rose Weasley. Lily started out her Hogwarts days with Rose's little brother Hugo by