AN: I keep thinking about what will happen now that Percy and Annabeth have escaped Tartarus and they have closed the Doors of Death. There will be a time gap that will be the 5th book i the 1st chapter, mainly because after the huge shocks in The House of Hades I have no ideas about what will happen. Disclaimer: I don't own PJO or HoO, sadly, Rick Riordan does. Warning: Contains spoilers for the Heroes of Olympus books 1-4. I will not be including Nico and Jason's scene with Cupid in any of my stories because I can't get my mind around it. I may include Calypso in the future, but probably not. Sorry if the characters seem a bit OOC, but I'm trying my best and I've obsessed over the PJO for the past almost 4 years, so I'll try to keep them really in character. Also, I'm going to use 1st person, but in the beginning, I was trying to do 3rd person, but I failed, so I changed it all back to 1st. Sorry if this confuses you, or if I didn't get it all fixed. NOW, to the story. Hazel's POV Reunited At Last Hazel didn't know exactly what had happened to the others during the past few days, but she knew that they had been through a lot and they would probably be a little jumpy for at least a few days, I mean, Nico had been and he'd had at least over a week to get better. Hazel also knew that the entire crew of the Argo II would probably be attacking them with questions. Reyna, Nico, Coach Hedge, and the Athena Parthenos had just left, when Percy and Annabeth collapsed on the ground in exhaustion and everyone that remained behind had smothered them in a hug. "So, what exactly happened to you guys? Or do you not feel like reliving it just yet?" Piper asked, concerned for her friends. "Well, I don't know about you, Annabeth, but I want to take a nap. I haven't slept since we left..." Percy trailed off, completely ignoring anyone but Annabeth. "Yeah, I fell so bad about having to leave them when we did, but it was our only chance. We wouldn't have been able to fight them all off without Damasen, and Bob," Annabeth's voice broke sometime around when she said, 'it was our only chance.' "Okay, so I guess it's settled then. We will take a nap and when we all wake, we can have dinner and talk over our separate adventures, though some won't shared if the person doesn't want to talk about it. Now, get to your rooms," Hazel answered when the couple looked on the verge of having a break-down in the middle of the deck. "Good plan, Hazel. Though I don't know if our lovely new praetor will approve, even if the plan came from his girlfriend," Leo Valdez said jokingly. "Oh, ha ha Valdez, now I agree and I say that if you guys will stop with the praetor thing, then I'll keep from having to have to try to decide whether I really want to change into an animal and charge you down with the new army of ghosts that I command at my side," Frank retorted and then I knew that he was serious about the 'stop with the praetor' thing when he brought up the ghost army from when we were in the House of Hades. "Okay, when you guys stop arguing, I think that you need to take a little look at the couple of demigods that we just pulled from Tartarus and see that they are asleep," Piper said and I could hear the charm speak in her voice and I was forced to turn my head along with the other members of the Seven of the Great Prophecy. "Well, that was an effective way to end an argument and point something out all at the same time," Jason Grace said. "Yeah, well. I could only think of one way to do both things, so I just joined the two. Now, I think that we should move them to the mess hall next to each other so that they don't wake up thinking that they're still in Tartarus and we're monsters that separated the two of them." "Okay," I heard everyone mutter and the three guys went to pick Percy up. Piper and I went to pick up Annabeth, and all of them soon realized, with worry, that the couple was much lighter-in both weight and skin-tone-than when they had last seen them. "Are you sure that they are okay?" a worried-looking Leo asked. "Well, they're breathing, they are back from Tartarus, and they seem to be having a peaceful sleep, I'd say that they are fine." "Okay, good." Then, as soon as the couple reached the chairs, they both woke with a start and started to both bring out swords, Riptide and one the group had never seen before, when they seemed to remember where they were and what had happened and they released their tight hold on each other. "Ugh, man. I thought we would never be back," Percy joked and for the second time, the group could hear the hurt in his voice and wonder what had happened to the two most powerful demigods. "Yeah, I'm hungry, I just realized that we haven't eaten before we set out in search for the Death Mist," Annabeth replied and at that moment, you could see the pain they had went through, reflected in those eyes that had once been bright and full of love for each other and hear it in their voices. "Yeah, where are we?" Percy asked and he seemed not to have noticed us yet or that he was in the Mess Hall of the Argo II . "Hey, guys. Sorry to interrupt your conversation, but..." I said and stopped when there were two swords (when did Annabeth get a sword? [I know this, but Hazel doesn't] ) in my face and two worried and tense demigods in front of me. Then, they seemed to realize who I was and put away the swords and relaxed and smiled. "Hey, Hazel. Sorry, that was a reflex after we saw Kelli and from then on, when we heard something other than Bob's voice telling us where to go," Percy said. "Hey, Perce. Well, anyways, what Hazel was going to say was, 'What do you want to eat?'" Leo said. "Anything. I'm starving, plus, I think that I need another nap," Annabeth said. "As long as it isn't any kind of monster or fire-water and drakon soup," Percy laughed. "Okay, deal. No monsters, fire-water, or drakon soup. Which I still don't understand by the way," Leo promised. "It was involved in how we survived, but I still hated it. The only kind of monster that I want to see is either Small Bob, Bob, or even Damasen, the friendly giant. I just wish that we hadn't had to leave them alone during the fight," Annabeth said and her face saddened. "Okay, so when you finish eating, do you two mind trying to tell us what happened while you were trapped?" "I guess, I mean it all started with that River of Misery and ended with Bob and Tartarus. I just hope that they are okay." "Sure, though we may skip over just a few things so that it will be easier for us to not have to relive them." "Okay, so you will be able to take another nap after you explain. Now start talking, while Repair Boy over here makes some food for us. I don't think that you guys have had his first-quest-famous tacos," Piper said. "No, we haven't. Now, let's see. Where to start our story. Ah, yes. Well, after we fell, we found a river and we went to it and we followed it and walked in it. What we didn't know was that it was the River of Misery. Then, Annabeth over there got us out and we came across several other rivers, some monsters that when killed they...um...well..." Percy said hesitantly as if what he was trying to say was too painful for him to bear. He looked on the verge of tears and you could suddenly see all the hurt and pain in his eyes. "They cause you the harm that you have inflicted on all of your enemies. We felt what the monsters feel every time we kill them. It hurt and I never realized how many monsters we had killed. Then there was the blindness thing and when I couldn't find you..." Annabeth continued and she tightened her grip on Percy's arm. "Yeah, I wish I had found less hurtful ways to get rid of monsters before. I just hope that Bob is okay," Percy finished. "I still can't believe that she of all people, would curse me." "Well, you had to leave her, there was no other way, and I'm sure that she doesn't blame you for it. She would understand." "Yeah, I guess. It's just seeing you..." "Yeah, I know and it didn't feel great for me either. I still can't believe that we just had to kill that certain one, but noo! We can't have any luck at all." "Hey you guys, sorry to interrupt this nice little couple grieving moment, but who exactly cursed you?" Leo asked. Percy's POV "Hey you guys, sorry to interrupt this nice little couple grieving moment, but who exactly cursed you?" Leo asked. "Well, it was...um...Calypso." Leo visibly paled at this and I got the feeling that something had happened when we were gone. "Calypso?" Leo squeaked, which was very unlike him. "Yeah, I was sent to her island, Ogygia, after I... accidentally blew up Mount Saint Helen a few summers ago. It might have only been two or three summers ago, but it seems like much longer." I got the feeling that they saw hurt and sadness in my eyes because they only stared at me and even Jason and Annabeth, who had been in the wars also and had seen the countless deaths and hard times of the two Camps, looked at him with a mix of several emotions: pain, understanding, anger, love, and even a bit of jealousy at the fact that he was powerful enough to blow up a mountain at the age of fourteen (this didn't only come from Jason, surprisingly [Don't think I don't love Jason, I do. Especially after everthing that he did for Nico and the Greeks when their leader was missing. I just might like Percy a tiny bit better. I mean, come on, look at all that he's done: the most recent being him falling into Tartarus, not just with , but for Annabeth. ). "I think that this is all we can relive right now, so if you'll excuse us, we're going to the infirmary, where you can help with a few small injuries and then, I think we'll consent to staying in there for a little while. I don't know if we'll have anything really that bad that has to be treated, but I think that would be best," Annabeth said. "Yeah, I'm gonna go pass out in the infirmary, so see you guys. Come on, Annabeth. Come with me, I can help you because of your ankle, which I'm amazed you didn't mention the entire time." *Time skip to after Blood of Olympus. Don't mind me* Leo's POV So, we sat in the mess hall at 1:00 that day as we waited impatiently for the Argo II to arrive back at Camp Half-Blood. Percy and Annabeth were still sleeping in Percy's room, we know because they both had nightmares for the entire time since they came back and we just allowed them to stay together, and none of us could deal with the nightmares. So we tried to figure out what to