Hello All, Here's another one shot for your enjoyment! This is infinitely lighter than my normal stuff, figured I'd give you guys a break from my twisted side. Enjoy! Cheers, M. x Harry Potter prided himself on being able to come home after a long shift at the Ministry and tell his girlfriend that his day had been absolutely normal. Incredibly dull! He would smile and laugh and kiss her and thank Merlin that the drama of the Wizarding World had finally been put to rest. Things were grand, delightful, relaxed and at peace, and most definitely normal. Which was why, when he awoke on the morning of December 1st to Ginny's ungodly snoring, and saw that the sky beyond the walls of Grimmauld place was ominous and stormy, he knew. Something was brewing. He dressed quickly, planning on beating the day at it's own game and heading into work with solid resolve and determination. Harry was not a superstitious man, but the Wizarding World had taught him to look for signs beyond his own control. Black clouds and rain could mean nothing, but it could also be that he was in for a rough day. Considering what had transpired lately in his department, he was almost prepared for the worst. Harry was slowly realizing the normalcy he craved was slipping away and being replaced by the chaotic unpredictability of two hotheaded, completely unmanageable Aurors. They had driven him closer to madness than Voldemort ever possibly could. At first, he had expected their behavior. They were natural enemies as far as the entire world was concerned. It didn't matter that the war was over; the two of them took every opportunity to undermine, rat out, prank and harass one another for the better part of a year. Finally, Harry had been forced to suspend them from work for two weeks. He had felt bad about that, seeing as one, of the infuriating party of two, was his best friend. But no, he could not show preference; they were both responsible for the horrible and well-publicized battle, which took place in the Atrium of the Ministry, and had concluded in several nasty jinxes, fire-catching hair gel (a new Weasley product) and an illegally imported Niffler. After their momentous showdown, which consequentially made the Prophet and was the talk of the town for weeks, they cooled out. And when they returned to work, it was with biting silence and contempt for another six months. Harry knew fighting words were still exchanged between them, though they did try to hide it behind his back, as best they could. Which wasn't really their best at all. Everyone who worked or lived in a ten-mile radius had witnessed some of their more epic arguments. If it didn't drive Harry so insane, he would have been impressed. Both him and her being so stubborn made him want to claw his eyes out. Trying to work through a meeting with them was as pleasurable as spending 7 years with the Durselys. He was traumatized and more importantly, out of ideas. So when he complained for the thousandth time to his darling love about his predicament, she had laughed in his face and rolled her eyes. "They will sort it out. Come on, you can't tell me its not hilarious watching Hermione knock the arrogance out of Malfoy." She raised her eyebrow skeptically, with an adorable smirk. "It's not that, Gin. She's collectively knocked out at least half of his teeth in the past year and a half." Harry rubbed his face with agitation. "They've been a huge liability. I've threatened them, bribed them. Nothing works. The animosity is so deeply rooted that I might have to fire them both." "Wouldn't that defeat the whole purpose? I mean, they were assigned together as part of the Diversify Magic Program and-" "I know, I know. It's just… it's killing me." "Harry, you're being dramatic." She waved him off with an expression of annoyance. "You have to think like them. You know? Imagine how they are feeling. Personally, I think it's all bluster. You know Hermione wouldn't hurt a fly and Malfoy..." She paused, a sinister smile gracing her lips. Harry raised his eyebrow in question. She was right, Hermione wouldn't hurt a fly, but she might murder a Malfoy. "Well," She continued slyly. "If you really want the dirt, I'd have a little chat with Zabini if I were you." Harry's face darkened with instant dislike. "Blaise, you mean?" He couldn't help the disdain that seeped into his tone. "Potter, you're jealous! Don't make it a thing, that was long before us." "Mm." She laughed gaily, hopping onto his lap and kissing him until he smiled. "Talk to Zabini. Trust me, he's the only one who can crack Malfoy." And that was what Harry did, consulted a "professional." Zabini had been as arrogant and as obnoxious as Harry remembered him. He took no small opportunity to bring up Ginny and inquire about her happiness while casually reminiscing about their brief "love affair." If only they could have been 18 again in that moment, Harry would have blasted him off his antique chair. But Blaise had come through. After some finagling and personal favors, Zabini took matters into his own hands, arranging for Hermione and Draco to be tricked and then locked in the Room of Truths (hidden in the bowels of the Department of Mysteries). Harry wasn't exactly sure what had happened in there, but after 12 hours, they had reemerged as very shaken and disturbed people. Due to Malfoy's catatonic stare and Hermione's bloodshot eyes, Harry had insisted they take the rest of the week off. He heard not a peep from them until they had presented themselves the following Monday, ready for work. And work they did. That had been several months ago. Since then, Draco and Hermione were both as professional as any boss could dream. Harry was shocked, then wary, then worried and finally once again dumbfounded. Not one slur, not one nasty comment, nothing. Though he noticed that they refused to make eye contact with each other. Strange. Usually Malfoy was inches from her face, snarling at her about her lack of reflexes. And Hermione would seethe, standing on her tip toes, trying to murder him with her eyes, shredding through his insecurities and masculinity. Yes it was awful, but also real. And somehow now, though they were calm and complacent, they were less tolerable than before. If there was anything Harry Potter couldn't stand it was Dark Lords and tension. It was obvious to him they were now hiding something. Avoiding the truth. And what truth could that be? Harry had spent three weeks contemplating it, and upon arriving home on Friday evening, just as he was sitting down to a lovely meal, Ginny opened her mouth and hit him with her theory like an insulted hippogriff on a murderous rampage. They were in love. She assured him, with all the airs of a professional actress. A doomed love, like Romeo and Juliet, but a love all the same. And they were scared shitless. It was making them unhappy. Whatever they saw in that room (Harry had gone back to Zabini the next day and demanded to know what had happened in there, but Blaise said it depended on each individual) had finally forced feelings and maybe even respect, to the surface. Why else would they act like mindless idiots? She went on to say, fantasying with that dreamy look in her eyes. Why else would their walls be so high? They were unsure of how to be with one another now. "It's the only explanation. What else could make them act like such utter fools?" She finished lightly. Harry grimaced in response; there was no answer to such a perfect question. "So? What do you think?" Her eyes were bright with the anticipation of a challenge. "I think you're getting ahead of yourself, Casanova." He muttered, wanting to forever banish the image of Hermione and Malfoy together from his mind. He only hoped they would revert back to their loathing and name-calling instead of falling in love; he might be sick if that wasn't the case. Ginny leaned over the table, seductively removing his glasses; her methods of distraction were endless. "I'll bet you." She whispered with intent. "You're on." He breathed back, reaching for her face. And that was when the bet had begun. Ginny was giddy with excitement about the idea of proving Harry wrong. It wasn't as if it were so rare an opportunity. They made love several times before falling asleep that night, all while arguing how Hermione could never love Malfoy vs. Why Malfoy was in love Hermione. Funny how he had gone to bed feeling rather vexed, but when morning had dawned, all of that changed. A week had gone by since and there had been no discovery, not one difference, nothing. Though, now that he thought about it, the Auror office had been exceptionally odd with their excited whispers and fits of giggling. And Ginny had spent hours smirking at him like the cat that ate the canary every chance she got. She was also extra secretive and Harry had sworn he'd seen her wink at Zabini Wednesday morning at the Atrium's café. Harry pulled himself from his thoughts just as he popped out of a fireplace and into that same Atrium; he looked up instinctually. The weather was dark and gloomy here as well; apparently magical maintenance was on one of their strikes. Bodes ill, he thought to himself. It was not even 7:30am, but Harry felt an urgency to get to his office and make sure things were…normal. He couldn't place his finger on it, but something definitely felt off. Just before he reached the lifts on the far side of the hall, Pavarti Patil and Lavender Brown interrupted his musings. "Harryyyyyy." They both hummed with an unearthly dissonance as they attempted to 'glide' towards him. Harry immediately went on guard. It was just his luck to run into the most unforeseeable of duos. He was never sure when they would pop up, but it was usually during times of crisis, or if untapped gossip was going to break. "Ladies, what are you doing back? I thought you were on a spiritual retreat in Tibet-" "We cut our work short-" Lavender breathed, her large eyes examining Harry with interest as she ran her fingers down his arm and grasped at his hand. "Yes," Pavarti chimed in, stepping much too close into his personal space. "We saw that we were needed here instead. There is going to be a shift, in power-" "In tides-" Lavender chimed in, Harry caught an overwhelming scent of what smelled like cat piss and Professor Trelawney, he gagged against his own will. "The moon is in a phase of conflict and the fires of passion and rash decision making are upon us." Pavarti's eyes were like saucers. "We saw, it would happen here. And you Harry, you would lose the battle-" Harry felt unnerved. "Excuse me." He shoved past them, heading for the lifts as if the hounds of Baskerville were upon him. It was much too early for prophecies and Harry vowed to lock himself in his office and get some work done before the chaos he sensed rained down upon him. The silence was golden, but much too short. For at exactly 9am on the dot, his office door was blasted open and in stormed a witch filled with so much fury, her magic nearly knocked him off his chair. Harry looked up in shock. This was not the woman he knew. Yes, she was Hermione Granger, same crazy hair and brilliant brain, but her eyes were dark, molten pits of fury. She was shaking and her teeth were clenched together with catastrophic rage. Harry stood from his desk instantly, concerned about her clearly, fragile mental state.