Hello lovely people! Hoping you've all been splendid. The time has come for yet another journey into our beloved world of Dramione. This is a little different from anything I have posted here before. Draco is much more "in" character I think, he's not nearly as pleasant and charming as I normally write him, but I really felt the need to explore the character in a different dimension. Also, Ron bashing…*cringes* sorry, I do love Ron, but I also love to hate him. Please enjoy and as always, thank you for being readers. Peace and love to each and every one of you, M x Sunday morning. It should have been the most wonderful time of the week. It had at one point, been the only chance that she ever found amongst her insane schedule for any sort of peace in her chaotic life. For just a few hours, it would be quiet and she relished the silence. Hermione Granger had never been used to quiet not even when she was a little girl, though back then it had usually been her making all the noise, asking multitudes of questions and wondering about everything. And when she had found out, upon that fated Birthday, that she was a witch…well, normal and mundane and most certainly peace and quiet were no longer the same. It was suddenly muffilato's and silencio's, along with curses and monsters and Dark Lords. She scowled ominously to herself as she sipped her steaming hot coffee and gave a snoring Crookshanks several pats. But all of that was supposed to be behind her now; she should have been able to enjoy her moments of solitude. Yes, everything had been quite; well, normal as far as Wizarding standards went. She attributed this to both Harry and Ron being out of the country for the last year and half. They were off finishing the job of the heroes; rounding up dark wizards and witches, doing what Harry was made to do. While she, Hermione, had retired to her books and fought an all-together different kind of war. And by Merlin did she battle; she battled the ministry officials, the politicians, and on a few occasions Minister Shacklebolt himself. Her fight for equality of magical creatures went beyond just her job, it was an obsession, a wild force, driving her to near madness as she cut down law after law and went after the most savage and evil of mankind. Her face darkened further thinking about the abuse and violence she had encountered on her many raids; one in particular that she would never be able to forget... Lucius Malfoy. The condition she had found his elves in after the final battle had nearly pushed her over the edge. She was brutal and relentless in her pursuit to see that demon rot in Azkaban for the pain and damage he had inflicted. The psychological manipulation and physical torture he wrought on those poor creatures….not to mention his own family. Narcissa had died days after Voldemort's fall, the Healers who inspected her body said it had been natural causes, stress, most likely heart failure; but Hermione was not buying it in the slightest. It was five full days that the Malfoy's had been reunited for, locked away in the Manor before she, Ron and Harry with a dozen other Aurors had been able to penetrate it's magic, storm the place and attempt to officially arrest The Malfoys for their war crimes. Hermione had to remind Ron several times, Narcissa and her son had changed sides and they deserved a trial at least. Ron had spat about not trusting traitors. They found the Malfoy Matriarch lifeless in the master bathroom, floating eerily and translucent in murky, frigid water. Lucius had been absolutely smashed, locked in his study and muttering madly to himself. The Aurors had dragged him away; his mind already filled with mad delusions of what Azkaban would hold in store for him. And the youngest Malfoy, the heir, the cause for so much of her own personal suffering and pain, had been locked, beaten, starved and left almost unidentifiable in the darkest and most putrid fathoms of the dungeon. Hermione would never be able to forget the horror she felt, the acidic bile rising in her throat at the sight of him. His silky blond hair, always perfectly in place, matted with dried blood; his tall and lean body, now twisted and shamed with purple and yellow dying bruises. But his eyes, my God, they had almost brought her to her knees. They were alive, tortured, on fire and burning with hate and yes…regret. Draco Malfoy held so much self-loathing, she was sure that he would burn up with it at any moment, just explode from the intensity of his self-inflicted rage. She looked at him and saw every awful moment, every guilty second that he was experiencing; the betrayal not only of Lucius to his son, but the betrayal Draco had done to himself. The person he had become, all based on lies and insane pureblood mentality. She was sure he had realized, had finally come to the understanding that it was wrong; that he was wrong, and that his own father had left him in a cell to die. In that moment, Hermione took pity on him, could summon up a small sliver of empathy for the lost boy chained to his own floors. Harry had sent him straight to St. Mungo's while Ron had murmured something about putting him out of his misery. It had taken her another eight months to realize that those words were a part of who Ron was and that the moral standing and values he held were not in line with her own. Yes, he was a wonderful and loyal person, but he was, in a way, programmed much the same way Draco had been: unconcerned and unaware of those "beneath" him, those not "human" enough to matter. And so unfortunately Hermione's work took precedence over her and Ron's relationship. He could never understand what was in her heart and so they had parted on frosty goodbyes shortly after Malfoy's trial; him and Harry then left for Germany to begin their first mission. Hermione once again buried herself in her work and blocked out the small pang of sadness at their departure. She missed their chaos more than she thought she would, and the silence hadn't exactly been endearing. If only she could have retracted those thoughts, for it was exactly six months after they had left that her whole life blew up in her face and she knew, deep down, she would never have a moment of peace ever again. Hermione had been having a particularly nasty week, nay month; but alas it was a Friday and that was one day closer to her Sunday of solitude, hot tea, her most comfortable sweats and a good book. Just before 5pm, her secretary Marge came pealing into her office, spilling files and coffee everywhere and stuttering like a complete buffoon. Hermione's hair had bristled at the unwelcome intrusion; she had been on a call for the last three hours with the most egotistical and sexiest leader Magical Romania had ever seen and was not in the mood for any more stress; she was seconds away from getting him to agree to a sit down meeting to discuss the importance of magical creatures and how they would benefit his lands. She had shooed the frazzled woman away with a look that could stop an ogre, but Marge had refused to leave. Dear lord, the woman was actually trying to interrupt her, waving her arms around like a mad woman. Hermione apologized profusely in Romanian before slamming the phone down and turning her frustration on the coffee soaked girl. " What is so bloody urgent that could make you act like such a imbecile? Do you know how important that call was?!" She hollered, slamming her quill down and standing quickly. Marge's eyes filled with tears and she dropped the rest of the files she was holding; Hermione's anger vanished immediately. Marge was strong and stubborn; she rarely ever lost her composure. Hermione's instincts kicked in immediately. "Marge? Marge, what's wrong?" Marge's eyes went wide as she glanced, terrified, over her shoulder. She turned back to Hermione, her mouth moving but no words forming. "What?" Hermione asked more frantically drawing her wand. "Speak! Is someone hurt?" She asked, trying to get around the side of her paper-cluttered desk. "He, the…I…He wants to see you, and he's terribly angry, I-" "He? Who is he?" Her eyes narrowed, ready for the Minister and his possible issue with the new Bill she had just finished and memo-ed to his secretary this morning. "He's…he's horrid. I tried to make him leave but he was insistent and I don't know much longer I can keep him from bursting in here-" Hermione racked her brain searching face after face in her keen mind, trying to put some sort of image before her that would explain this highly unproductive conversation. "This is ridiculous, you're making absolutely no sense! Who is here? If it's not the devil himself you better have a extremely proper explanation!" She fumed, accidentally singeing her hair with her now sparking wand. "I'd rather it was the devil." Marge whispered throwing another hurried glance towards the closed office door. Hermione's eyebrows flew off of her head. "Who could you possibly be-?" She wondered with amazement, but at that moment all her questions were unfortunately answered. And any sort of confrontation she had been anticipating was certainty not this. Her door was flung open carelessly without a knock and in stormed what had once been, in her opinion, the Devil himself. Her eyes narrowed viciously, daring him to do whatever it was he came to do. Unleash hell, most likely. "Granger." He hissed, his storm-grey eyes radiating with malicious intent. "Malfoy." She greeted him loftily though she was sure she could not suppress the small tremor in her voice. Merlin, he was a force; a powerful wave of his magic swept over her and she gripped her wand desperately to keep her head from spinning. Do not fall apart , she hissed to herself pushing her shoulders back and letting her temporary shock mask itself behind a facade of indifference. She would never let Draco Malfoy shake her, never let him get to her, ever again. She had not seen him since that nightmarish trip to Malfoy manor. Not until she had testified at his trial and had been a key witness in securing him a minimal sentence, away from the insane cries of Lucius' cell at the top of Azkaban fortress. He had never even once looked at her, never thanked her, never said a word. And that had been fine with her, really. She had been relieved to see the back of Draco Malfoy. He would never bother her again. But a small part of her, a very small part had hoped, maybe even prayed, for his redemption. If anything, she wished he really truly saw the error of his ways and had for once, tried to do the right thing, the hard thing. But she was beyond wanting to find out; why should she check up on him or see how he was doing? He had practically fallen off the face of the earth, why go looking for him? For trouble. No, she had let that monster die, the potential he had for goodness was too little too late. He would never be what she could see. There was too much damage and she knew, deep down, that he would never be strong enough. But then why, why was he here now, and what could he possibly want with her? She cleared her throat; he was glaring at her with fury, his shoulders tense; she found his all black suit and cold gaze to be intimidating