I'm begging you for some sign, but you've still got nothing to say Don't turn your back on me, don't walk away I'm a better man now than I was that day Let's go down to the bandstand on the pier Watch the drunks and the lovers appear To take turns as the stars of the Sovereign Light Café Sovereign Light Cafe by Keane On October 17 Annie Cresta made the biggest mistake of her life. She slept with Finnick Odair. Don't get her wrong, it was good. It was great sex, and in fact she was almost positive she was ninety percent sober. She knew exactly what she was doing. And Finnick drank like a fish, but she knows when he is drunk, and twenty-two year old Finnick Odair was not drunk. So there is no excuse, except what Johanna called about three years of building sexual tension that exploded over a game of beer pong at Finnick and Gale's apartment. She really wants to disagree. But there has always been a weird relationship between her and Finnick. He was in second year when she was in first year, and the only new girl to join the swim team. She also swam distance, instead of the sprints he did. And when he asked her why she swam distance, when Johanna was waiting to grab coffee before their pop culture class, it's almost a disaster. 'Distance is what I like. Putting effort into something, it takes a lot of dedication, and it's hard and sometimes I want to give up, but when you make it to the end, it's the greatest feeling ever.' She told him, before realizing that he does the short one hundred and two hundred metres. She had to backtrack and it's far from graceful. 'Not that sprints aren't hard, I'm sure they are. And they need a lot of work too. Just…not…my thing.' She floundered, shrugging. 'You've never done the sprint?' Finnick asked, moving a bit too close for her, looking at her like she's a peculiar person. And she is, because she's too tiny for all the hair that is in constant messy loose waves that cover her breasts and when straightened almost reaches the small of her back. 'Once or twice in high school.' She told him, wringing her hair, trying to get the water out. 'It just wasn't my thing.' He looked at her again, before his smile that apparently charmed every girl into falling into bed with him. She still hasn't figured out what's so good about that smile, he has managed to show off all his teeth nicely though. 'You're a distance girl.' She nodded then, she had just told him. Later on the way to class, Johanna commented on the conversation. 'Loads of subtext there.' She said, her fingers wrapped around the Starbucks mug. 'Huh?' 'With Finn.' Another odd part of their relationship, was that she was the only one who ever called him by his full name, Finnick. 'C'mon you guys were totally in metaphor land.' 'We were talking about swimming.' Annie said confused. 'What did you think we were talking about?' 'The other type of swimming.' Johanna grinned, before losing it inspecting her judgingly. 'You know sex? You're not a virgin are you?' Annie felt like she had flushed bright red from the tips of her toes in the peepshow heels to the top of her head. 'No! I have a boyfriend!' She has always equated her height and the fact that she looks fourteen with the fact that everyone thinks she is a virgin. She lost it when she was twelve but she doesn't like talking about it. 'A boyfriend?' Johanna whistled, 'Tough luck Odair.' 'Why?' She had asked, before Johanna told her to forget it. And she did. She and Finnick stayed in a very nice friendship, he continued to sleep with whoever he wanted, and while she was never privy to the details of his sex life, and she did notice Finnick seemed to go for blondes, red heads, or brunettes that were very tall and curvaceous. It was not until second semester when Finnick and she became closer. After Monday and Wednesday morning practise, they both had a mandatory English credit. Finnick had forgotten to take it last year, and so was making the credit up. Either way, Annie insisted sitting in the front, and Finnick yawning, with a red knit toque had slunk beside her, alternating napping, texting and writing somewhat decent notes. Somewhere during the semester he had taken to braiding her hair, knotting and unknotting it while his eyes were closed, and she was almost positive he was asleep by how peaceful he seemed. It was when they were studying for the midterm at Finnick's house, an all-nighter, where Annie wore her glasses and her hair in a giant knot on the top of her head sitting cross legged on the edge of his bed, quizzing Finnick as he paced back and forth, she asked. 'Why do you never wear a shirt?' It's an innocent question, the minute he drove them to his place, he had basically kicked off his shoes, and tossed his keys on his bedside table before pulling off his shirt and grabbing his rather limited notes. His sea green eyes flashed with something that she doesn't quite know what to call, and his voice dropped a few octaves as he smirked at her. 'Does it distract you?' 'No.' She answered honestly. She swam with him at least five times a week for about two and a half hours each time. Finnick has a brilliant body, but she's seen him shirtless more than not. 'Most girls say yes.' Finnick said dropping down beside her making the bed jump a bit. Annie shrugged; it was the same with his sexy voice. It was nice, just it didn't feel authentic to her, more forced and what he thought was expected. 'If it were me I would get distracted by your eyes.' 'My eyes?' Finnick repeated, stealing her glasses, as she nodded. 'Shit Annabel you're blind.' 'I know.' She took her glasses back from his face, blinking as his sea green eyes came back to view. They spent the rest of the night studying, until sometime in the night Annie passed out and she's only a bit surprised when she woke up next to Finnick Odair, her hair in his fingers and her glasses beside both their phones on the bed side table. They continued their quiet friendship easily, though Annie does not quite understand how their social circles managed to merge. But regardless Annie and her marine biology friends somehow become included into Finnick's Odair's party people. It helps that Johanna and Gale, Finnick's roommate and best friend begin sleeping together. They aren't dating, even today, Johanna and Gale both insist, but since March of first year, and they're in December of third year now, she has never seen Johanna or Gale even look at another person. It's not until the end of year Swim Team party, held at Finnick's that there seems to be cracks in their solid friendship. Gloss had come up to visit, and she was thrilled to have him meet everyone. She had really missed him, while he was in Europe on exchange. 'Come on Annabel, be my partner!' Finnick had grabbed her arm, and spun her towards the beer pong table, while she was headed to the kitchen to top off her glass of wine. 'Gotta show the new guy home turf advantage.' He smiled at her, and there was less teeth more happiness and she giggled. 'I'm horrible at this.' She told him, throwing the ball and missing wildly. 'Good thing I'm good at it. I can save our game.' 'My hero.' Annie laughed, as Gloss shot the ball. 'Is that my cup?' 'Mhm.' Finnick nodded, the game progressed, and Gloss kept on aiming for her cups. 'C'mon man, get me drunk.' 'Sorry.' Gloss shrugged, with a wicked grin that now Annie can pinpoint as the exact moment cracks were visible. 'But I'm trying to get my girlfriend drunk.' Finnick's arm which was hanging around her shoulder tightened, and the game is basically a sweep between Gloss and Peeta. Later, Annie was busy trying to find Finnick to say good night, when she stumbled upon him outside on the porch with a lit cigarette dangling from his fingers and the other hand wrapped around a beer bottle. 'Are you okay?' She asked. Finnick never smoked before, it is horrible for lungs. It was silent for a long moment and Annie thought she should leave, before he answered her. 'Since when do you have a boyfriend?' 'Since I was sixteen?' 'Why didn't you tell me?' 'It-you never asked.' Annie said confused, thinking about taking a few steps forward but staying put instead. 'And it's not like I ask you about all the girls you sleep with.' Finnick laughed, it was cold and curt. 'I don't understand why you're mad at me. We're friends. Why are you so upset I have a boyfriend?' 'Right.' Finnick said coldly, and it felt like he slapped her. 'We're friends.' Finnick didn't talk to her the entire summer. It is in September of second year, over Skype in the living room of the nice flat in the hipster part of town she and Johanna live in that Gloss and her end their almost three year relationship. It just wasn't going to work, with Gloss overseas, and Annie firmly rooted on the other side of the Pacific Ocean. Johanna asked her if she wanted to cry, Gale fiddled with his phone and said he was going to get ice cream. 'I'm fine.' Annie said, from her place on the floor, her MacBook sitting closed beside her. 'We knew it had to end.' 'Why is that?' Johanna asked, playing with her hair. Neither of them looked up when Gale returned with vanilla ice cream, and Finnick. 'I loved Gloss.' Annie said easily, as Finnick sat beside her, using the back of the couch as a back rest and opening the tub of ice cream. 'But I wasn't in love with him. It wasn't like I needed him to breathe.' 'That sounds unhealthy.' Gale remarked, trying to get some ice cream on his spoon, but Finnick kept moving the tub away. 'Yeah.' Annie agreed. 'But I think when I fall in love, it will be hopelessly in love and it will be like everything becomes better. And I will try to be better.' 'Me too.' Finnick said, and she turned to look at him. They watched bad horror movies that made her scream, and Finnick kept braiding her hair. Finnick's phone kept buzzing. They were three hundred miles away from campus, for a swim meet, and she had managed to make the top eight for the four hundred metre the next morning and she was exhausted. Finnick was also in the top eight the next day for the one hundred and two hundred butterflies and freestyle. On the drive down, Finnick had stuffed one of his law textbooks in her backpack, because he had no room in tiny suitcase for it, and he had asked for it when Annie checked her phone wearing a pink sports bra and sweat pants. Dutifully, Annie padded barefoot to Finnick's room across the hall. Only three other people qualified for the next day, so everyone else went out. 'Don't you ever where shirts?' Finnick teased, when he opened the door to let her in. 'Too much effort.' Annie said, flopping down on her stomach on the hotel bed. 'Arms hurt too much.' The whole bed moves as he stretched out, and chuckled. She likes his laugh, his real one. The one he does around Gale, and apparently her too. It's uninhibited, and a tad sarcastic. 'That's what you get for being a distance.' She claimed a pillow, happy and not planning on moving for a while. 'Better