disclaimer: disclaimed. dedication: Liana. Birdie you wanted this notes: A dark take on Annie and Finnick and the Seventieth Annual Hunger Games. I am very much against Finnick being her mentor for so many reasons, and it was never said in canon so I never will do this unless you're Birdie who can basically make do anything. pairing: Annie/Finnick By nineteen you have it down to a fucking art form; six blue bitter pills that taste like dry rot when you hold them on your tongue trying to see how long they last before your saliva dissolves them that you crush under the heel of your palm into a finite powder you sweep into the blown-glass cup one of your clients made that looks like your dick. It's funny you see, he loves it when he fucks you in the mouth, loves your cock so fucking much that he made you a tumbler the shape of it. Funny. One shot of Everclear to give it some punch, and then protein powder because you need to keep up your muscle bulk even though the arena is five years ago, and you don't need to do anything but fuck and drink and watch the fish die because of overfishing, and your tributes die as well because they aren't Finnick Odair. Everyone knows the Capitol doesn't give a rusty screwdriver fuck about District Four if you're not fucking Finnick Odair. See that? It's multilayer. Get on the same fucking level. You top your daily overdose cocktail with one crushed vitamin C, and fill the dick cup with water. You gargle, swish and swallow. Now you can have your coffee. It's not a day you're proud of, or enjoy. It's Reaping Day or the day where a village chooses by random draw the child they're going to butcher for the sins of the people seventy years go. What a hell of a celebration. Several thousand people died in a rebellion, so how to make them never forget? Twenty-three children in a pit of some sadist's wet dream butchering themselves as sacrifice. It's a great metaphor, murdering kids-you're basically murdering hope. Not really subtle are you, Snow. The first year, way back when sleeping pills were only once a night, just so you never dreamed because you harpooned that girl your nets and yeah, you enjoyed it, because it was one down and four left to go and fuck you hate yourself for that, you couldn't say anything when Esmerelda Cresta and Jackson Somme- both of them older than you, who walked without making sound because that had been real careers the type that Four sends in and wins- lined up on the stone stage, their faces drawn in steep lines and grey like old driftwood. Twenty-four go, twenty-three stay. Great odds. Some guy from District Six, detoxing over whatever the fuck they snort in that wasteland found Esmerelda on the fifth day. You thought, from where you were sucking off Jemma Dior's stepson with the Games playing in the back that it would be quick. You didn't really know what a junkie would do. She screamed and screamed and the stepson was laughing because it was so funny. You were fucking him when Esmerelda was getting fuck too. Parallels, Finn! It's like you're in the Games again. You weren't her mentor-they don't let you mentor until you're eighteen, but they let you fuck the highest bidder because you didn't look like you had turned fifteen five weeks earlier. And the next door neighbour's boat crashed against the reef, and it would be so horrible if there was another accident, right? Shut up, sit down, dick out and open your mouth. Prettiest most expensive whore in all of Panem. This is what winning is. Somme died by mutts. The next year, you knew how to smirk better, and look with hooded eyes, the type that eye fuck the crowd in a whole but make everyone feel that's it just you and them with their back against a brick wall and you hand down their pants stroking. Niles Tremblay and Nimue Park didn't make it past the cornucopia; not that you would actually know, you were too busy eating some old lady's cunt when the Games began and by the time Nimue's canon was gone, you were cutting a line on the turquois tile in her bathroom before you fucked her like she paid seventy-eight thousand for the night. Which she did. You've gone up higher. You'd be thrilled if you actually got that money. How fucking expensive was that goddamn trident anyway? Now you don't remember them, two shots of whiskey and three of mouth wash to make the whiskey disappear from your breathe. And they pass, like ants with names that you pretend to know because it's important to keep up the looks even though you all know that no one comes out from the Games alive from District Four anymore. Maybe the other districts are pissed you won-you weren't supposed. No one wins at fourteen. But you're Finnick goddamn Odair. You're different. You're special. You're the reason why Capitol men let themselves bend over so you fuck them because they don't like men, but you're not a man. You're Finnick fucking Odair. Remember that as you lean against the chair you've got, letting the cold sea air hit your bare chest because shirts are things of the past and no one actually realizes how goddamn cold it is in the morning by the water. You're completely unimpressed, thinking of the little vile of pale white pills in the back corner of your jeans that you have to make sure you don't crush them because that would just be a pity. So you miss the reaping-the raping of innocent the signing of a death under eighteen by fucking chance and it doesn't register until you see the girl, small and lithe like she's the one pulled by the undertoe to a shipwreck death, with dark hair in waves and green eyes glossy like marbles. You know her. But she's fucking dead. Esmerelda Cresta died years ago and yet here she is walking up the stage, pretty as a picture in a dress too big for her, and a look of forlorn acceptance. You choke on air. You didn't go too hard and you've never had this reaction before but fuck are the ghosts of all the people who you couldn't come back going to haunt him? 'Annie,' the stupid one with the paper-the…fuck you can't remember the name. 'Congratulations. May the odds ever be in your favour.' Annie. Annie not Esmerelda. And oh Christ, now you can see the difference. She's smaller, and there's a roll to her feet like she's been trained to dance or to fight. Her eyes aren't optimistic, but sad and accepting and she looks at you out of the corner of her eye with derision and disgust. Good. She won't try to fuck you. You don't give a flying fuck about what happens next, and when the Tributes-walking dead people, let's be fucking real. After the ceremony you make it to the bathroom, swaggering in a way that has a purpose because you just fucking cannot right now. The white pills from your pocket, you take two, dry swallowing and you stare at yourself in the clean shiny mirror. So this is what it's like being a dead man still alive. It fucking sucks. Water on your face doesn't do anything but make you wet and you look to pale under the tan skin, bronze to way that is truly unhealthy but no one cares about skin cancer when you have the Capitol skin care routine. You slap yourself. It stings and you might not be in the Arena ever again, but god you have learnt not to let go of your training because someone is going to kill someday somehow and you will not go down without a fucking fight. By the time you need to leave the bathroom, you're sore and aching and the pills are just starting to give you an out of focus buzz, and that's exactly what you need when Esmerelda Cresta's ghost is sitting across from you in the train. Annie Cresta doesn't talk. Which makes her different because Esmerelda never shut up. You figured at eighteen it was a nervous tick, a way of reassuring herself she was alive but you didn't really know what to do because you weren't really a mentor just a whore so you just sat and listened. Or rather, as you wait longer, Annie Cresta doesn't talk to you. She talks to the sixteen year old boy who you don't even give a fuck about because there is a real life ghost in front of you and jesus these drugs are not working but Mags is watching you like a hawk or a shark or some animal that will cut your throat with your teeth-it was Mags' schtick a long time before Enobaria was weaponless- if you indulge in the only way you don't have to fucking feel on this train. But Mags doesn't get it, it is different for her. There is reason why back then, when she can remember the Dark Days, the original rebellion. It was a fucking punishment. This is just death. Some sort of appeasement for the Capitol who thinks they're gods. No one is a god when they're screaming when your mouth is between their legs. They're just humans who love power and pain more than they love air. It's almost time for your sleeping pill vodka tonic, and Mags has long since left for bed with the boy. 'You promised.' You stop; Annie isn't looking at you, but out the window at the blurring landscape. But there's no one else she could be talking to. 'I don't make promises sweetheart,' you say. You don't. Promises are just ropes around the neck something to pull and strangle you with until there's nothing left. 'You said you would bring her back.' Oh fuck. You did make a promise, back when all you could do was feel and you just couldn't have someone else die. You had forgotten of the girl, just a wisp of a girl like the wind would blow her away, when she cornered you fire and brimstone on her eyes-no a tsunami-no not a tsunami she wasn't going to drown you, you know how to swim but it felt like she was raking you over hot coals when she demanded you bring her sister back. 'Don't mothers tell their girls not to trust Finnick Odair?' you say and you try to smirk when it feels like your heart is your throat. Oh. Didn't know you still had one. She looks at you and it feels like burning; like your skin is disintegrating into dust and blowing away in the wind lost forever. You mouth runs dry like too much sea water and you're parched for a drink but before you can stop and say anything she pushes past you, careful not to touch you. Oh jesus fuck you want a hit so bad right now you're making indents on your palms with your nails, bruising yourself just to get some fucking feeling other than all this shit god fucking hell jesus no. No. When you get to the Tribute holding area, you try not to stand too close to Annie Cresta in the elevator. You don't even say good night when you get to your room, dump your bags and rummage like you're from District Twelve, desperate for food in a hard winter for a small glass pill jar that's embroidered with flashy neon thread. You open the pill jar and turn it upside down, shaking the white power all on the bedside table. Expertly, you arrange it in a straight line, press down on your left nostril and breathe. Oh lord you can breathe again. You inhale, exhale,