disclaimer: disclaimed. dedication: Sohypothetically notes: So this was supposed to be happy birthday porn, the equivalent of birthday sex. But some how it didn't work out. So...here, have this instead! Happy birthday and I'm so sorry this is late! There are worst things in the world than having your best friend be a guy. Like AIDS. Or whatever the fuck is going on in Syria. But sometimes, like right now where even Beyoncé can't drown out the gutted moans that go something like "Oh Finn…oh yeah, oh right there oh my …oh my..ohmyohmyohmyohmy ", yeah these are the times when I wish I never met Finnick Odair. See, girls should live with guys unless they are married, the wise words from my not-Grandma-Grandma; and normally I would agree with that. Sort of-fuck you I'm an old fashion girl. But see Finnick and I clicked when I joined the swim team at eighteen at our university. He was a year ahead of me, and we have the same really bad sense of humour and the same Louisiana routes-though he's from some small ass town, that I've never heard of and I'm from New Orleans. And when you meet someone who understands that you're quoting Dirty Dancing and Fight Club all within the same sentence, and then quotes Star Wars and Pulp Fiction back at you and it makes some sort of weird twisted sense? Yeah you become best friends. I'm making myself lemon tea in the kitchen when the girl-blonde, leggy and whose name I was never given- comes stumbling out of Finnick's room, with Finn trailing in sweatpants. I get to witness over my tea cup him kiss her goodbye, and make no promises to ever call her again. Finnick is one of the best marine biologists I know-granted that I only know two-but there's not a woman alive who can keep him going back for seconds. 'Seven.' I say, and Finnick grins at me. He has the post sex hair-the amount of unfairness that boys can have great sex hair and I can't even get decent sex hair is exponential- wavy and ruffled copper curls that he furthers screws up by running his hand through it. 'She wasn't that creative with her words.' 'Really Cresta?' he hip bumps to let him into our small galley kitchen, where the table we made-well he did most of the cutting and hammering and choosing old resurfaced wood while I chose the corner of the kitchen it could sit in- is covered in my latest literacy nightmare. 'When I'm banging a girl and she can't string a sentence together you deduct points?' 'Yup,' I tell him proudly. 'I mean how hard is it to come up with something like Jesus fucking Christ Finn you feel so damn big, do me harder! ' Finnick snorts, 'Got some writer's block, do we?' 'Yeah it fucking sucks.' Finnick shakes his head and musses up my hair, tangling the dark strands that don't curl nicely and are too thin to actually keep curls into something more like a rat's nest, 'You'll get it Cresta, I know you.' It's totally in my head the way the overhead lighting in our apartment flickers in a way you could sort of call it ambiance, and the way I want to think there's something deeper, more substantial and real in his green eyes. But I swear to god in that moment when I exhaled and he inhaled everything was right. And then he took his hand out of my hair, proclaiming loudly that he needs a shower, and I'm left holding my tea cup and my breath. The real reason why guys as your best friend sucks? It's because you can fucking fall in love with them. To: Gloss From: Finnick Subject: Girls are weird don't live with one Hey, Annie is fucking insane. I think it's her writing time of the month when she begins to self-doubt everything. Our entire kitchen is like a paper factory exploded and she's pinned up character profiles over my Fish Spawning poster. Not cool Annie, not cool. She gets like this at least once a month, when she's got all this crippling self-doubt and thinks some thirteen year old on the internet can write better sex than she can. They can't PS because no man alive can have a ten inch dick and have it able to have sex. But she isn't listening to me at all, so I keep on buying more tea (I don't think she even realizes we run out after about three days. JFC that woman is 90% wet plant leaves) and keep on buying whiteout and more pens and play Star Wars- the original trilogy none of that prequel shit, and hope she'll get out of it soon. We should really buy stock in office supplies. Work is fine. There's this big joint project with the San Diego aquarium and Snow wants me to go. But that's right at the time her draft is going to be due and I can't go away for a whole month at that time. Annie will…set the place on fire or something. Anyway, I gotta go back to work. F. I write romance novels as a living. The historical bodice rippers in the highlands of yesteryear where a Scottish accent and a kilt with a sword was all a girl needed are generally what I write, but lately I've been branching out to some sort of modern day things. My newest series is called Skinny Bitches , the affectionate term for this clique of five women in their mid-twenties who are either searching for Mr. Right or Mr. Right Now. And because I write romance novels for a living I know that things like Finnick and me don't end the same way they do on the screen of my laptop-or really in the millions and millions of notebooks (my first draft is always on pen and paper.). The best friend doesn't become the BF and the girl stupid enough to move in with the guy she's loved since she was twenty-two ends up with two cats, a lot of money and fancy cars while the best friends meets the Woman (who is probably taller and has bigger boobs because um, hey puberty, it's been a while can my boobs grow in?) who makes him understand that tissue woman not really cool, and forever and ever with happily adjusted children they go to. Now as charming as that is; and trust me it's pretty damn charming because that's how Skinny Bitches: Screwdriver went and that's on the New York Times Bestseller list for a whole fucking year. Holla. That isn't actual ideal for me. Mainly because I'm allergic to cats. And here's reason number one why it won't work: Finnick Odair really only sees me as his best friend or worst his sister. I got Hermione Granger-ed. And really on paper we don't make sense, and in practise we don't make sense either. He listens to all these indie bands that I don't know of, reads all these deep books- The Lightness of Being is his favourite book, I'm sorry it's horrible. It's sparse and boring and you don't feel any sympathy for any of those characters. Like I sat there reading the damn book and all I could think is when is it over ? He's all tall, muscular swimmer-like and gorgeous and knows it. He's also got a bunch of tattoos and makes V-necks and wool sweaters work for him with his hipster designer black square glasses. And me? I'm Top 40 and YA lit-fuck you those are good stories. I'm light beer to his whiskey and scotch and I wear clothes that are pretty and cute in the mainstream way. I'm tiny and people think I'm just twenty-one instead of a grown twenty-six. We don't make sense and not in the pretty perfectly broken way, but in the real life how the fuck would this work out if I don't like you taste in books or music. So really I should know better-I do know better. But apparently I'm a masochist. My roommate in second year told me over box wine her boyfriend bought us that you know it's love when you realize you've had a crush on the same person for more than six months. I don't know if that's true. But I do know that at karaoke that night when I realized I was head over heels fucking drowning in love with my best friend all I could think of was, well no shit. I guess I'm not a really good romantic. To: Gloss From: Finnick Subject: No fuck you I do have a life besides Annie. Fuck you. Annie and me are in a very complicated thing where I have to figure out how to make her see she is the end of the day type of girl. All or nothing. The Rose to my Leonardo Di Caprio. She's just a bit blind right now. But seriously, fuck you. The thing is Finnick isn't the person you would picture as a romantic novel hero. He lies a lot. Nothing really big, but his stories are all not exactly true. He's had some long term relationships, and enjoyed them well enough. They never ended in bad terms, and he's never said no to one. He's got a good steady job, and is in line to receive a promotion within the next year or so. It's not that he's bad at commitment, no once he's with a girl he's only with that girl; it's just he's not too tied down, nothing can rock his boat. He didn't have the easiest childhood, his mother left him and he was in the system for several years before he got adopted out when he was thirteen. Even his time in the system wasn't that bad, he made a friend an older boy named Gloss but they lost contact. Unfortunately for him, his adopted mother died of cancer when he was twenty-one. Finnick isn't the romantic hero type, he's grounded and stable and he leaves without leaving. He stays around, not moving because of all his time moving, not desperate for an adventure, or to save a girl. He's just here, and he puts down roots but they aren't deep. To: Gloss From: Finnick Subject: Who told us it was going to be fun being an adult? Be a scientist, they said. You like fish they said. Marine Biologist is fun. Yeah no. I also got sting rayed. Not fun. I don't want to die before I see my children being born. Do you think Cajun accents are genetic? I mean mine is gone since the system, and Annie's comes back when she's tired or drunk, so there's a chance our kids could have really nice Cajun accents in the middle of Seattle. That will be a riot for their teachers. Fuck. Okay, forget that because that is like Step 100090 in the Annie Cresta to Odair plan. And we're not even starting the plan. FML. Don't you wish you were still in grade school when you can pass note with boxes to be checked off? Yeah that would be perfect. Super fucking easy rejection coming in one little blue pen x. Good thinking Odair. Good thinking. 'Why aren't Mary and Ryan happy?' Jo asks me over what is allegedly a pretzel stuffed with a hot dog. Jo is my editor, she was the one who found my story in the slush pile when I really was in no position to write anything-what do you know about love when you're twenty?-and turned shit into gold. 'What do you mean?' I just have a normal pretzel, because I do not have any dreams of dying before I hit fifty because of cholesterol problems. 'They're happy.' 'Then why is Ryan always with April?' Jo smothers her pretzel dog in mustard while I can only shudder. Oh