disclaimer : disclaimed. dedication : Happy, happy late birthday Sabaceanbabe! notes : I know you don't like AUs, so I do hope you like this. If you don't, well I'll write you something that is hopefully (fingers crossed because you know I am absolute shit) canon compliant. Also, not happy. Oops? Wow I'm shit at giving presents. title : Pyrite Boy summary : Finnick Odair has a plan to be the golden boy. (Annie Cresta knows this isn't right, but she can pretend it's a fairy tale) Finnick Odair is fourteen years old when he makes his plan the summer he moves from California to New England. No one knows who he is, and so no one knows why he lives with his grandmother (teenage mother in and out of rehab, but finally O. and who the fuck actually knows who the father is?), so he can be cool in high school. (Something that never happened in Niland, because his mother was a mess and no one wants to be friends with a boy who stares out the window daydreaming, spinning stories about why his Mom is hopped up on coke.) And he knows how to be cool in high school. One: Money. He's from California, and in small town New England, California means money. He's been working really, really hard since finding out about the move in January to update his wardrobe from Wal-Mart to Holister, and Abercombie and Finch and American Apperal. He found a lot of classics, like a trench coat, and Burrberry scarves in Thrift Stores, and scowers online stores with prepaid credit cards to buy things from Europe online, so he can pretend he went there. He bagged groceries every day after school, from 3:30 to 9, and then taught the baby swim class at the Y, as well as pool maitence every weekend. Half of that money went to savings for college, the other half is going so he can buy a car and restore it so when he turns sixteen, he can drive. Two: Image. People are shallow. He doesn't bullshit about true beauty is on the inside, no one sees your insides. People see your outsides, and they judge you by that. He's the new kid in Oak Bluffs Masachuttestes, and there is only one high school (Martha's Vineyard Reginal High School) that has seven hundred students in total; people will talk, and he wants to be in control of what they'll talk about. He's lucky enough to have good genetics, he's tall and gangly in middle school, but he's been swimming every morning before going to school, and he runs two miles every other day. He's get muscle mass, as well being pretty good looking, which only promises to get better as he ages. He's not dark enough to be the bad boy, not that archetype. His hair is too blonde, with copper high lights, and he prefers a smirk over a sneer. He's not going for the class clown, no he wants to be the leader, the face. The one everyone wants his approval. He wants the golden boy. Three: Athletics. Sports are power. There's a hiarchy, and those who have power are popular. Sports are popular. The problem with growing up poor is that sports need a lot of money, which he doesn't have. Which means he needs a sport that is cheap. Like swimming. There's a swim team at MVRH, and he will swim. He will make Captain when he is in grade twelve. He will go to States and he will get a swimming scholarship. Who cares if swimming is lame? He'll make it the best sport in the school. Four: Intellect. No one likes an idiot. His grades will be impeccable, top of the class. But he won't act like a nerd. He won't brag about it either. He'll let his marks talk for themselves. Five: Parties (and all of those things attached) Where he grew up, he watched his mother cut lines of crack with a credit card next to his crayons. He can cut a line in his sleep. He's not worried about it. He's had beer bottles chucked at his head, and on his tenth birthday his mother's "boyfriend" gave him a six pack. He can handle himself. Six: Sex. He doesn't look fourteen, but he is, and no fourteen year old girl is going to have sex, and no girl older than him will date a grade nine. So the sex thing has to wait. But a girlfriend, a girlfriend is good. But the thing is, he doesn't want one at his school. He needs establish himself, and he can't be established as part of The Couple in grade nine. He needs to be seen as a singular, his girlfriend just an accessory. So, little Annie Cresta, the girl who lives across the street, who likes ballet, Audrey Hepburn and science, who is only thirteen is his choice. It's incredibly simple, Annie thinks it's love, and she kisses him on the cheek for all of June when they start going out, walking to the small movie theatre watching movies released three months ago. It's on their month anniversary, when she makes him spaghetti and hot dogs that she lets him kiss her on the mouth. When September comes, the new Finnick Odair is ready. (No one liked the daydreamer with a crack addict mom with a boyfriend who used him for a target practice with his empties.) High School suits him,-he's from California, of course he's rich, handsome, smart, and athletic-and he easily falls into the popular crowd; Gloss Roberts, captain of the football team and student council president befriends him and it opens up the entire world. He is the ninth grader. He gets invited to all these parties, where he impresses with his beer pong skill, and his ability to make a pipe out of an apple. Annie doesn't come to these parties, because she has a curfew. (He has one too, but Mags falls asleep at nine, so it's easy to sneak out). He makes out with a lot of older girls, who know he has a girlfriend, but kissing isn't really cheating, and it's not like Annie makes out with him and well, it's all part of the plan, He wins State in the two hundred metre butterfly, shocking everyone. Grade nine is a good year. (The Golden Boy burns his skin sometimes, and he catches himself writing poetry on the margins of his math homework. Annie sees them, and things it's the best thing ever and makes him write it in sharpie all over her binders.) The summer is spent teaching swimming lessons, and exploring with Annie. She finds a really weird cookbook at a second hand book shop and they try to make all those recipies. He's never watched Disney movies before, so every night they watch one in Annie's treehouse on her Dad's laptop. The summer is good. (He feels like The Golden Boy is like smoke, and he's unable to cling onto that persona over the summer, when he really only sees Annie. Gloss is gone to university somewhere out of state, and his twin sister Cashmere avoids him after that one party. Cashmere took Annie shopping a lot though. He's really scared Cashmere will tell Annie, because Annie will be heart broken and he doesn't know what he'll do if she cries.) Annie comes to MVRH and she doesn't really know how to act. People look at her out of the corner of their eyes, and she wants to keep her head down and look at the tiles on the floor. But that's not what Audrey Hepburn would do, so Annie keeps her head held high, clutches her (knock off she got from Ebay, because Finnick dresses so nicely, and she's his girlfriend, they've been dating for one whole year, and she's kissed him with tongue and he had his hands on her breasts-over the shirt but that's still so very grown up and none of her friends have ever done that) Louie Vuitton purse tighter and walks through the hallway through the grade nines and tens who part like the Red Sea for her. She knows why they're staring, she's Finnick Odair's girlfriend. She knew her boyfriend was popular, but she didn't realize how popular. She knows what they're saying too; why her? (She's kind of fat, because she's only five foot and 110 makes her look bloated, her hair is kinda long and she doesn't go anything cool with it, her eyeliner is always smudge because she can't wing it properly, and her nails are bitten, making all of those hard hours learning nail art useless. She's not funny, and she's quite and she's rather slow with coming up with comebacks or witty retorts so she doesn't really win fights. She's just an average fourteen year old, and that's really hard to be, when your boyfriend is extraordinary.) Annie starts joining him on his morning run, and she starts taking dance classes every day after school for two hours. Finnick joins student council. (He comes to all her dance showcases, and suggests a talent show as a fundraiser and makes Annie show everyone how beautiful she is when she dances. The school is silent. When she comes off stage, she's so nervous that he kisses and swings her around, and they can hear the thunderous applause.) Finnick doesn't know how to skate, and Annie thinks it's the funniest thing in the world. His rented skates are dull, and he can't get his balance, and he swerves and falls. He looks adorable. 'What?' He complains, on the ice, while Annie laughs. 'I'm just glad.' She tells him. 'You suck at something.' 'You are not being a supportive girlfriend.' Finnick grumbles as she helps him up. 'But you love me anyway.' 'Kinda do.' He's had a year to watch all the couples in high school interact, and he's decided how to set the tone for him and Annie. They go to school together in the morning, (he's counting the days until he can drive them), on the bus with everyone who can't drive, but they take the early bus to head to Starbucks where she gets a latte and he gets a capicion and they walk lisuerinly to school, often with Annie telling him about the latest episode of Teen Wolf or The Vampire Diaries , and he'll tell her about whatever sports thing was on, and then they'll play a game like I Spy. They hang out at his lockers, he walks her to class, kisses her goodbye and then gets to his own class. They text throughout the day, sometimes he eats lunch with her and her few friends; sometimes she eats with him. Wednesdays at lunch he has student council meetings, and Annie joins the chemistry club, so she has meetings for that. They both join the environmental club. They meet when school ends, and she kisses him good bye, because he has swim practise and she has ballet. Her parents change her curfew so she's allowed to stay out Friday night until midnight, so she goes to parties with him on Friday night, and drinks wine instead of coolers or beer. By August, Annie has dropped ten pounds, and has learnt how to put her hair up in very elegant knots. There is a prestige in being Finnick Odair's girlfriend, and she handles it like Audrey would. She doesn't wear anything with a logo or slogan, she wears classic outfits that she and her mother tailor to fit her. She doesn't have a tumblr, like all the other girls and she doesn't act like every other girl. (It's so hard to listen into debates about Stiles and Derek or Stiles and Lydia and not being able to participate, because everyone knows that Derek and Stiles need to just have sex because of all the tension.) She has to be