A/N: This is a one-shot written for SnapeCase2017 on Livejournal. I was limited on certain things due to the fest's rules, so for now this is a one-shot, but I am considering expanding upon it in the future... The frigid February night air nipped at his exposed skin. Harsh winds blew in great gusts through the barren trees. Severus Snape sat on the bench next to the Great Lake, a fag lit between the numb fingers of one hand; the other tucked into the pocket of his billowing robes. He often sat there on cold nights to reflect. There was something to be said about the hollow silence of winter. It was very cathartic. And very, very cold. He could cast warming spells. He never did. Cold was the only thing he allowed himself to feel anymore. Gone were the dark days of anger and mourning. He welcomed this newfound numbness. It was nearly a decade since he went before Albus Dumbledore on his knees, begging him to protect the only woman, the only person he had ever loved. Nearly a decade since that protection failed, and just like that, she was gone, taking with her his only reason for living. The memories of those first few months after Lily's death were clouded and vague in his mind. The days seemed to run into each other in a haze of grief. But he remembers running. Sprinting down the paths in the forest near Spinners End; only stopping when his lungs burned, legs ached, and heart hammered in his chest. He remembers the hollow pain of hunger. For days on end he would just run, sleep, and sit in silence; sustained only by numerous cups of tea, swigs of firewhiskey, endless cigarettes, and the occasional slice of toast or apple. He prayed that the starvation and outright exhaustion would end his agony. His existence had always been a painful one. Even as a small child he never lived, just endured. He endured his mother's cold indifference, his father's drunken stupors. He endured the endless questions and taunts at muggle primary school; 'Did you get that coat from the principal? Did you get that bruise on the bus? You should wash your hair more. You should look more like us.'* And then he met Lily. She was the light to his darkness. The smile to his frown. He was all scrawny, gangly limbs, and hollow eyes. She was a thing of beauty; soft red hair, and a bright clear smile. Glittering green eyes that danced with the joy that only a child could possess. And when she got her Hogwarts letter, Severus had never been happier. He told her everything he knew about the wizarding world. He was so proud to be the one to introduce her to magic. The look of pure wonder that lit up her face was a bittersweet memory. A memory was all that was left of his Lily now. And it was his fault, he had killed her. When he had joined the Death Eaters he was high on his rage and quest for power. He was just so angry with the shit hand that life had dealt him. He knew he could never have the charm and dashing good looks so many of his classmates possessed,-he had asked his mother once as a young boy if he was handsome, her reply had been a 'You've certainly got character, Severus,' and a pat on the head- but he was intelligent, and a skilled Wizard. He deserved power, respect, friendship, women; all the things that had been denied him. And so he joined his fellow Slytherins, who hadn't shunned him, who had told him he could have all of the things he desired if he followed their Lord. Oh, how wrong he had been. He knew now that his so called "friends" just wanted him around for their own means. And of course he should have known that, he was a Slytherin himself. He knew now that he didn't deserve the power and respect that had been granted to him upon delivering the prophecy. He didn't deserve to live, while so many of the people on the right side of the war, including his Lily, went to early graves. But he had to hold on. Just until he repaid his debt. He had to make sure her son would be protected during his time at Hogwarts, and he had to make sure the Dark Lord was defeated for good. It was believed by the general public that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named had been defeated that night in Godric's Hollow, and was gone forever. But Dumbledore knew better, Severus knew better; he could feel it in his skin. The putrid, evil presence of Voldemort pulsed through his Dark Mark. It was nowhere near what it had been, but it lingered there. It would be only be a year and some months before Harry Potter, The Boy Who Lived, arrived as his student. Then he could begin his atonement. In the meantime he would continue to live his solitary life; the unapproachable Bat of the Dungeons. In the last decade he had perfected living with the bare minimum. He had fully submerged himself beneath his ocean of occlumency. He kept his emotions, his desires, regrets, hopes, and dreams hidden away; frozen within him. His job was never neglected, he did his duties, went through the motions, just at a distance. If he found no joy in life there would be no reason not to sacrifice himself in the end. Severus took one last drag off his cigarette before vanishing it with a snap of his fingers. He stood up slowly, joints stiff with cold, and made his way back up to the castle. The next night, due to a bout of insomnia, Severus found himself patrolling the halls. As he was passing through the 7th floor corridor, he caught movement out of the corner of his eye. He quickly spun around with a dramatic flick of his robes, expecting to catch a student out of bed. There was no one there. He lit the tip of his wand with a quick Lumos and cast it around in a circle, searching for what had caused the movement. His light landed on the wall to the right of him, that's odd , a large wooden door had appeared. The Come and Go Room only appeared when someone had great need for it. Perhaps there were students inside, and the castle was alerting him to that fact. But when he opened the door, there was no one in sight. Just a simple room with a fireplace, and a solitary writing desk in the center. As he got closer he could see a blank sheet of parchment on the desk, alongside a quill and full bottle of ink. What did the Come and Go Room intend for him to do here? He thought, just as neat, loopy writing appeared on the previously blank parchment: 'Dear Professor Snape,' An enchanted parchment? Severus put his wand to the parchment, " Specialis Revelio ," Nothing. More writing appeared, 'I know you must think me completely mental, writing to a dead man.' A dead man? Someone must be taking the piss. Logically, he knew he should just walk away. After all, it wasn't very sensible going around replying to random notes from a possibly cursed parchment. But, he had to admit he was intrigued. Not to mention the lack of sleep was certainly getting to him. So, after using his wand to check for any enchantments or traps once again-and finding none- he dipped the quill in the ink and replied; 'Who are you?' Hermione stared at the parchment in shock. It had been few months since the Battle of Hogwarts, and she had elected to stay behind and help with the repairs. She'd had to do something to help. She couldn't stomach the thought of just moving on, like nothing had ever happened, like most of her peers had done. They had won, and she was grateful, but she just felt so empty. Too many people had been lost. Fred, Tonks, Professor Lupin, Colin Creevey- her heart ached at him especially- and Professor Snape. Hermione felt the most guilty about Professor Snape. No, he had never been nice to her, but she had always respected him. She recognized how intelligent and skilled he was; he was the professor she strived for praise from the most, although she had never gotten it. She had empathized with him on some levels- she knew what it was like to be the plain-looking bookworm- and her sympathy grew even more when she found out about his role in the war. She couldn't imagine the amount of stress he was under, not to mention the torture Voldemort had undoubtedly put him through. It was no wonder he was a snarky git. When Dumbledore had been murdered she had doubted him at first. It was difficult not to, when Harry swore he knew what he had seen. But the more she'd thought about it, the more sense it had made. Harry had told her about Dumbledore's blackened, cursed hand. It was fitting that he would use his impending death to benefit the "greater good", even though it, in a sense, dragged Snape down with him. After the battle when Harry had told her everything he had seen in Snape's memories, her heart had broken. The man had lived under the tremendous pressure of guilt, over the death of the only woman he had loved, for which he really should've forgiven himself long before. He had been so very alone his whole life, and yet he protected her and her peers fiercely, and sacrificed his entire life to aid in the defeat of Voldemort, all the while being painted the villain by the very people he was saving. Severus Snape deserved a happy ending, another chance at a better life. But he had died on the dusty floor of the shrieking shack. If only she would have done more to try and save his life, if only she had been more prepared... She winced as the vision of Snape's death flashed through her mind; He laid crumpled on the floor, his billowing black robes a stark contrast to his deathly pale face. Gone was the inscrutable expressionless mask of his; it was startling to see his dark eyes filled with helplessness, pleading for escape as he clawed at his bleeding neck. Hermione had rushed to his side, digging through her beading bag, searching for a healing potion, essence of dittany, something to help save him. She was running out of time. Unable to find anything with her wobbling hands, she discarded her bag and lifted her wand, trying every healing spell she knew. He lifted a weak hand and feebly batted her wand away, "No," he barely croaked out, his face tight with pain, "Venom. Nothing you can do.." Hermione dropped her wand hand to her side, realizing there was nothing she could do but delay the inevitable. Big fat tears rolled down her cheeks and into her lap. She reached out and grasped his hand, squeezing his quivering fingers tightly. She would stay by his side as long as she could; no one deserved to die alone. "Here… Take them," he urged, blood gurgling out of his mouth. She looked up to see him looking at Harry, two small tears blinking from his eyes, one rolling down his cheek, the other dripping off the hooked end of his nose. "Take them!" He rasped as urgently as he could manage, coming out a harsh whisper. She quickly fumbled in her pocket and pulled out a small vial; she pushed it into Harry's hand, "His tears Harry! Collect his tears!" She cried. Harry fumbled to pop the cork out of the empty vial and scooped up the small tears. She sat back and watched as the life bled