Hey peoples! There are so many stories that are popping in my mind and this is one of them. Firstly, I have to say that my brother A.K.A BelieveThatDude, takes credit for half of the story…Well, yeah, I have to say it because he would beat my arse if I didn't so…yeah. And secondly, I love making new stories, it's just so amazing and cool and imaginative! I just hope you guys would love this one. The Runaway Chapter One – Getting Away Annabeth's POV You think you know someone because you've lived with them for like, nineteen years but no, no, no. That's not true. My dad, my very own dad, betrays me at the last second. Yes, he left me, he dumped me, and he threw me out. I feel just like Hansel and Gretel except I'm all alone and I have nowhere to go. Yep, you guessed it, I'm homeless, a poor and hungry loner. If you'd like to know my story, then it all started when my parents got divorced… " Annabeth honey, you'll be staying with your dad for…quite some time." My mother spoke in the calmest voice I've ever heard. " What about Malcom and you mommy?" I asked, looking clueless. Obviously because I was only 3 years old. A boy who looked similar to me (same blonde hair and grey eyes) stood next to my mother, he was recognised to be Malcolm. He was only 2 years older than me so he was 5 and looked as scared as I was. My mother ran her hand through my growing, long, blonde hair and gave a slight smile. "We…We're going to be going on a faraway trip for quite a while." She was struggling to stay still and keep herself from crying. "Just promise me you'll be a good girl and study hard, okay?" I nodded slowly and tears started to slide down my cheeks. Wailing in pain, I ran into my mother's arms and cried tears out. That was the last time I ever saw my mom and Malcolm. The last time I saw them cry, smile, frown, walk away and disappear. After 5 years, her father remarried a waitress at Taco Bell. The lady seemed nice at first but when things got serious and she was pregnant, everything went downhill. Mary, the step-mom, treated me like crap and only cared for her own children. And you'll know what I mean from then on, it just ends up like Cinderella without the prince Charming and happy ending. I just runaway and leave the sick place, not letting anyone know, well except the fact that my twin half-brothers, Mathew and Bobby, saw me leave the house. Oh well. It's not like they actually knew anything. They were flipping 3 years old. They seem to be dumber than I was (though I don't mean to be rude…) when I was 3. Cutting corners and running through alleyways, I finally arrived at Central park. It was the only place I could find peace, the tranquility, the aroma of the trees and flowers. The only comforting place for me to hide, and read. There was a big oak tree in the middle of the park, it looked incredibly beautiful, especially in the night when the street lights are the only source of brightness. In the branches, you could see some squirrels moving. No one was around, well that was obvious since it was like…10 PM. The weight on my shoulders were getting heavy so I decided to stay in the oak tree for the night. What's wrong with that? I wouldn't be lying if I said that it was comfortable. It wasn't a desirable or was it my dream tree, it would be if there was a treehouse but unfortunately there wasn't one. I was lucky enough to bring my blanket with me (of course, it's my favorite blanket) and some food. Wow, I am so prepared! Climbing up the tree was a mission almost to the impossible. There was no footing and I literally had to carve steps into the trunk of the tree. (It's possible if you have the time to waste half an hour) Once I was able to get up the tree, I laid my blanket on a huge branch. When I looked down, I noticed that I was really high up and I had to admit that it was scary. At least no one would notice I was up here. I was getting drowsy so I decided it was okay to sleep. Good night. Percy's POV "Percy!" A small voice whined. It was late in the night and I was so tired! Going to a youth club and doing park time jobs are really stressing. "Percy!" That voice whined again. "Ugh…Can I get some sleep please?" I replied. The voice refused to have that answer and started hitting me. "Wake up Percy!" It was shouting now. I give up. Sitting up on my bed, I turned my head to the side to see the whining person. I'm not shocked, not shocked to find my younger brother standing there. "Tyson, what's up?" I looked at my digital clock on the drawer beside my bed. "Its ten minutes till ten." Tyson crossed his arms and pouted. He tends to do this a lot. "I want to go to the park!" He yelled. This seems to be some kind of daily routine. Tyson persuades me to go to the park with him every day and I seem to oblige. "But Tyson, it's late. You should be sleeping and mom would be sad." I tried to reason him. "Doggy wants to poop!" He kept on yelling. Okay, he had to involve Mrs. O'Leary. But he does have a point. I sighed. "Fine. Let's go." Standing up made my legs wobble. I guess it would since I've been running all day and never got a break. "For a 5 year old, you're so persuasive." I muttered as I walked past him. My little brother just skipped happily to the front door (already dressed). He put on his shoes very slowly and hummed a tune doing it. It took me 2 minutes to get dressed and put Mrs. O'Leary on a leash. Before we left, I got out an extra big jacket to put on Tyson since he wasn't warm enough. It took a while but I managed to put it on him. It was surprising to know that my parents haven't woken up yet but I guess they were as tired as I was. "Come on Tyson, Mrs. O'Leary, let's go." Tyson cheered and ran out with Mrs. O'Leary behind him and I was pulled by her. We went to the Central park, the place where we always go and Tyson giggled once he arrived at the pond. I let Mrs. O'Leary off her leash to go do her own business then I went over to Tyson who was leaning over the pond. He nearly fell in but with fast reflexes, I caught him. "Geez Tyson, be careful next time." "I'm sorry Percy." He gave me the puppy eyes and I couldn't resist but to squeeze him. We stayed at the park for around 15 minutes and was about to leave when Mrs. O'Leary barked. She was under the big old oak tree and scraped her paws against the trunk. Curious at what she was barking at, Tyson and I went over to examine. The barking stopped once I stood beside my dog. Tyson tugged on my jeans and pointed up to a tree. I don't know what he was looking at and couldn't see anything. "What is it Tyson?" "There's a girl up there…" He whispered. Well that alarmed me. Then I noticed carved marks on the tree and as I got a better look I did notice a girl. It looked like she was sleeping. She must have been cold because I was shivering and I'm probably wearing more layers than her. I was getting worried for this girl and decided to climb up and get her down. I was struggling to get up but the carved marks helped. When I got to the sleeping girl's branch, I was awed by the beauty of her sleeping face, not to mention a great view. The girl had long blonde hair with princess curls, just from seeing that it made my heart beat fast. "Percy…" Tyson moaned from beneath. I should really get the girl down, fast, then take Tyson home. So I picked her up (she was surprisingly light) and carefully and slowly got the both of us down. Getting down was the easiest part. There was some murmuring and movement from her. She must be dreaming. I laid her down on the grass right next to the tree. Feeling her forehead, I was glad to know that she didn't have a cold. Also, waking her up from a nice dream would be a shame so I thought I should leave her like that. "Can we take her home?" Tyson whispered. He was crazy. That would be crazy right? To take a girl we don't know home. Anyway why was she sleeping in a tree? " Percyyyy . Let's goooo. And take her. Mommy would love it!" Tyson tugged on my shirt. "She isn't a toy Tyson. We can't take her home but…Let's me call mom just in case." Tyson nodded and yawn. I took out my iPhone and dialed my mom's phone number. It took a few rings but my mom picked up. (Percy/ Sally [Mom] ) " Percy?" You could tell she was really tired from the way she spoke. "Hey mom." " Where are you? Why are you calling me?" "Well we're at the park-but that's not the problem!" " Then what is?" "We found a girl sleeping on a branch in the big oak tree…what should we do?" " Wait, is Tyson with you?- Never mind. Just bring the girl home, she must be cold." Then she hung up. Leave it to moms to know what to do. I glanced at Tyson and gave him a thumbs up. He probably knew what it meant because he was squealing like a girl. "Yay!" He jumped up and down. Before picking the girl up, I wrapped my jacket around her…well, over her. Mrs. O'Leary barked again at the tree but I don't know why. Please don't tell me it's another person. Instead, it was a brown backpack. It must have been the girl's so I climbed up to get it then back down. Tyson wore the backpack and started walking. We then walked home with me piggybacking the girl. Tyson sat on Mrs. O'Leary the whole walk home. Lucky him. As soon as we arrived to the front steps of my house, Tyson jumped off Mrs. O'Leary and ran to the door and pressed the bell multiple of times. The person who opened it was Paul, my step-dad. He seemed to have just woken up (by the bell) and didn't look pleased. Staring at me, he gave a small smile. "Your mother is in the spare room, carry the girl in there." He then took Tyson's hand. "Come on pal, you're going to bed." Tyson nodded excitedly and walked with Paul. Mrs. O'Leary ran into the house to do gods-know-what. I just sighed and carried the girl inside my house, up the stairs and into the spare room. My mother was sitting on a chair facing the bed and once she heard the door open, she looked at me. "Set her down Percy." She instructed and I did as I was told. Gently, I put the blonde girl down on the bed and tucked her in. She looked so peaceful and…gods, so, so beautiful! "Percy, explain to me what happened please." So I told her. How Tyson persuaded me to take him and Mrs. O'Leary to the Central park, how Mrs. O'Leary and Tyson