What A Lovely Nightmare "Whatever you do, just don't fall asleep." If absolute power corrupts absolutely, does absolute powerlessness make you pure? - Harry Shearer "Okay Rhys, off to bed." I sighed contently, closing the old leather book, patting my little brother on the head as I made my way to walk out of the bedroom door. The 12 year old scowled at me, clearly not understanding the importance of sleep." But what happened to Cinderella?" Rhys whined, his doe-eyes not entirely interested, and not at all curious - he'd heard this story time and time again - in fact, I had a suspicion that the boy 5 years my inferior was using the story as an excuse to stay up, although a I knew he'd much rather be spending his time downstairs, on our tattered couch, watching some mind numbing show about the Capitol on the TV. I put on a smirk for the pouting little brunette. Chuckling slightly, I replied "Enough Cinderella for one night, Little man! It's a big day tomorrow!" Carefully dodging the toys littered around the room, I put the book back onto the book shelf, showing him I was not going to give in that easily. Rhys did not like this one bit. "I'm not a 'little man' ... I'm a grown up!" He whined, eyes showing clear impatience, before adding thoughtfully, "And grown ups stay up all night. It's only 10:30, Eva!" Arms folded, he let out a huff, stomping a little before making his way to the wooden book shelf, his intention clearly to bring the book out again. Now laughing, I pointed out "That's 2 and a half hours later than your normal bed time. You'll be tired in the morning. And you get cranky when you're tired. Do you want to be cranky for the celebration after the reaping?" I silently noted that he was always tired in the morning, because what my brother didn't know was that I fathomed that he sneaked out of bed most nights when he suspected I was asleep, watching re-runs of the previous games, a smile on his face. He didn't need to worry about my parents finding out - they were away frequently, at parties and pubs and whatnot. I, however, often had seen the blare of the light coming from the living room, or heard the the insistent droning voice of Caesar Flickerman from the small TV, when I went downstairs to get a glass of water or something of the sort. Rhys gave me an irritated look, making me feel a pang of guilt. I had always been a push over where my little brother was concerned, and I could not stand the mere thought of the boy being mad with me. To my misfortune, that lead to him becoming more and more spoilt by the day, and he seemed increasingly content with playing the guilt card over me to get what he wanted. "Can you at least tell me the story of how Finnick O'Dair won the games before you leave?" He pleaded, his last attempt and ploy to stay up, looking like butter wouldn't melt. Oh yes, I knew he loved that story. I sighed a dramatic sigh , pretending that it was a hard decision to make, even though we both knew that Rhys had won. "Okay then, but you need to get to bed as soon as I've finished! Comprende?" My little brother nodded vigorously, satisfaction gleaming in his face, plopping down onto his beanbag chair. I'd memorised this story long ago, when I was about my brothers age; It was the story our headmaster would tell us proudly in each assembly, either not realising or simply not caring that he'd told the story thousands of times before. A story of a young boy who defied all odds, a boy that had been reaped for the games and had came back alive with a great story to tell. A story that, when drummed into kids for long enough, made them believe that the Hunger Games was exactly that - a game, and a glorious game, at that. It wouldn't be long before we'd be having volunteers from our district like in 1 and 2. However, right now, the eligible contestants were terrified. Every time the headmaster told us the story of Finnick O'Dair, we would humour him with all the right noises, adding a little nod in all the right places, but our thoughts would always be the same. This just isn't right. Of course it was crazy to even dwell upon the thought that any of us could meet the same fate as Finnick O'Dair. Annie Cresta, possibly, but not the districts golden boy, Finnick O'Dair. It was more likely we'd end up like all out district tributes for the past 4 years. Dead. Just like Tristan. Tristan had volunteered for the games. My sweet brother and I had been trained by my father, just in case our names ever came out of that damned glass ball. However, Tristan became too self assured, too confident in his abilities, and recklessly volunteered in the place of another boy. Never made it past the bloodbath, our Tristan. Dad stopped training me at 15 years old, when Tristan had died, and I knew I could never follow in his footsteps. 7 years of training with my father didn't make me even an obstacle in the path of the true careers, District 1 and District 2. If I ever went into that arena, I'd never come out, and I knew it. Soon I realised the story I was telling had turned more into a ramble. Rhys looked at me and rolled his eyes, probably thinking that this wasn't worth staying up for tonight. "Maybe you should save the story for tomorrow night." His face held an expression of boredom, like he wasn't interested any more. Something surged through my chest, because I knew this would be the look I'd be getting more and more often. Soon we'd be two different people - District 4 was creating an academy to train our children, and I knew Rhys would be in there like a shot. I had started to suspect he was already pestering father for an application form, much to his dismay. In a matter of years, he'd be just like Tristan, and the thought made my chest ache. He jumped off of his chair and walked over to his bed, hinting that I should get out of his room. I sighed inaudibly. It was only a few months ago where I could go up to my brothers room, read him a story, and have him snuggle in my lap, eyes wide with excitement at the story unravelling - and I could pretend, in that moment, that I had a perfect family. I could forget that our parents were going to come back at a unpredicted hour, alcohol still practically floating at the back of their throats, and presumably, they would pass out swiftly after getting through the door, trying to forget the pain of Tristan. I could forget that my Grandmother would be crying in the next room for the sake of our broken family. As long as I had my moment with my brother, I would be okay. However, small as this incident that night was, I knew this was signalling the crumbling of my relationship with my brother - Our mutual knowledge of what the games could take from us was the only thing that had kept our bond strong - without it, what did we have? Pushing down the icy, sinking feeling in my gut, I laughed shakily and nodded to him, before heading out of his door. Looking back tentatively, I saw him slide his hands under his pillow, rummaging for an object that was revealed to be his pocket knife. Swallowing, I hollered out to him "Goodnight Rhys, Love you!" I waited for a second longer than needed, observing his fingers delicately twisting around the knife, like it was just as natural as breathing. My heart stung a bit as I got no response. His love of bed time stories was the only thing child-like about my little brother. I just didn't want him to grow up. Especially into a monster like most of the careers were. I walked to my room, slumping on my bed in defeat. This was it. Sighing, I thought that maybe, just maybe, entering the Hunger Games and being slaughtered would be best for me. Maybe then Rhys would be reminded of just how much the games can take away from you. I shook my head violently. How dare I let something like that even enter my head? What a horrifying thought. The mere reminder that the reapings were tomorrow made me want to vomit. I slipped out of my clothes quickly, shuddered at a slight chill, and slipped into my nightdress. It was a pale blue, flimsy little thing that had belonged to my great grandmother. It wasn't as fancy as some of the clothes in district 4, but it was a reminder of when the Hunger Games were fresh, and everyone wasn't so complacent with it's existence. Apparently it had always been to just slightly too big for her - from what I've seen from the photo's of my beautiful great grandmother, she had been around about the age of 16 more or less, at the time she wore it, and still had the body of a prepubescent; much shorter than myself, and less developed too. I heaved myself off of my bed, about to close my open window, when I caught a sight of myself in my full length mirror. When my grandmother first saw me in her mothers Nightgown, she told me I looked nothing like her, but just as beautiful, if not more so - I begged to differ, however. No one could be as beautiful as my great grandmother, the woman that had been executed because she fought for what was right. My great grandmother was certainly beautiful, as was grandmother, from what I had saw from the black and white pictures. My mother looked as if she could have been beautiful like them, but a few years of alcohol abuse and late nights, and lord knows what else (I had seen strange bottles of pills that I recognised to be from district 6 in her drawer) had deteriorated her looks - she looked ghastly, more so each and every day. She had never accepted Tristan's death, and most likely never would. She appeared rough on the edges, her hair was dyed bleach blonde, and was straw-like and lifeless. Her dreary brown eyes were framed by thin black lashes, clumped together with coats and coats of cheap brand mascara (a luxury, even in a district like District 4). It was apparent that her partying lifestyle had not done her well - more and more wrinkles seemed to show up on her yellow tinged, foundation-caked face daily. I loathed her for not being strong, as did my Grandmother. As for me, My brown hair fell in loose curls around my face - brown was such a dull colour in a world where the capitol girls could dye their hair all sorts of bright and vibrant colours. However, it was shiny, had body, and I was proud to say it looked miles better than my mothers. I had deep green eyes that I inherited from my father, only his eyes looked increasingly tired from lack of sleep, as you can probably gather, with him and my mother being out constantly. While I looked every bit 17, I was very short, and a tiny 5 ft 2 - I was never allowed to slouch, as ordered by my Grandmother. She had raised me with manners, even if my parents didn't. I guessed my breasts were nicely sized, although in District 4, none of that mattered, which I