Hi guys! Before you read there are a few things you should know. This story takes place in a good Panem. One without the Hunger Games, without people being punished for insulting the Capitol, and without people starving to death. You could say this is the Panem after the rebellion. Gale and Katniss' fathers are both still alive and they live happily. Read & Enjoy! Chapter 1 Spring " I love her." "I know." "And you do to." "I know." He whispered. The blonde, blue eyed boy looked toward the meadow where three girls were picking dandelions and putting them carefully in a basket. He could hear their giggles and the occasional laugh. "What are we going to do?" Gale Hawthorn asked. "You tell me." Peeta Mellark, the youngest son of the District Baker whispered. He picked up a rock near his feet and threw it across over the fence in anger. "We could just ignore it." Gale said. Peeta nodded sadly. "And if I can't?" Peeta asked. Gale would have no problem hiding his feelings from the silver eyed girl. Peeta on the other hand . . . it was just slightly harder. Gale didn't answer. He pursed his lips and reached down to throw another rock over the fence. "Then I'll cut your balls of." Gale joked. Peeta rolled his blue eyes, a smile playing on his lips as he playfully punched the older boy's shoulder. They stood near the fence that surrounded District 12 for a few more minutes in silence just watching the girl they loved, her sister, and her best friend talk and laugh. Maybe one day the girl with the silver eyes would fall for one of them making the whole decision easier. If she came to love one of them then the other would step back and let them be. That's the conclusion they had silently come to that day. Three years later Katniss Everdeen groaned as she stepped out of bed and into the cool winter air. A smile broke out on her lips as she saw the other three sleeping teenagers sprawled on the floor. There was popcorn in Madge Undersee, her best friend, hair. A few pieces of strawberry Licorice were still held tightly by Peeta Mellark's hand and Gale Hawthorn was sprawled across the floor, one foot placed on top of Peeta and one hand in an awkward position under his head. The Television was still on, showing a random part of the movie they had been watching last night. She thought about waking them up but not before capturing this moment and making several copies. With a giggle she grabbed a pair of heart-shaped sunglasses from Madge's purse and placed them on Gales face carefully so as to not wake him. The heart she and Madge had drawn all over his face when he fell asleep first last night made him seem all the more funny. Next she grabbed one of Madge's tiaras and placed it on top of Peeta's head. She thought it complemented the star and sparkles on his face perfectly. Finally she drew a fake mustache on Madge's face - along with the letters 'LOL' on her forehead - then took several pictures. She would use these against them next time they planned – or did - something she wasn't happy about. "What – what . . . tired. . ." Madge muttered as she rolled over right into Peeta. Peeta sat up with a start making Gale wake up as his right leg – which was placed on top of Peeta – was suddenly lifted up and then dropped again. Katniss quickly hid the camera in her back pocket. "Morning." Katniss smiled, stifling a laugh. Peeta, Gale, and Madge exchanged looks. Katniss was hardly ever this happy in the morning. Madge looked completley unfazed by the sparkles and lipstick drawings on the boy's face but their eyes widen in surprise and laughter as they saw one another. Gale reached up to his eyes where the pink heart-shaped sunglasses were. His eyes widened even more. Peeta reached up to his blonde hair and felt the tiara. They exchanged looks of horror. "Not again." Peeta groaned. He fell back on the cluster of blankets and food. "Please tell me you guys used washable marker this time." Gale sighed. Madge and Katniss started laughing. Katniss' eyes meet Madge and she laughed even harder. "What? Is my make-up messed up?" Madge asked in horror. Peeta and Gale held in their laughter. "No, you look great." Peeta lied. "Perfect actually." "But you might want to shave more often Madge." Gale laughed. Katniss bent over, clutching her stomach as she laughed even more. Her hands came together in loud claps as she laughed silently, trying to catch her breath – but whenever she looked at one of her friends she laughed even more. "What are you guys talking about? Why would I – oh my gosh!" Madge gasped as Peeta lifted a mirror to Madge. "Katniss!" After a few more minutes of this Katniss thought she sounded more like a clapping seal than a laughing human. "Oh." Katniss sighed as her laughing seized. She rubbed her tummy. "My stomach hurts from laughing so much." Madge glared. "Just wait until the next movie sleep over – you are going to pay. " She grumbled as she walked toward the bathroom to wash off the mustache and whatever else Katniss had drawn on her face while sleeping. "So. . . Princess Peeta, how did you sleep?" Katniss giggled. "And what about you Mr. Heart horn?" Gale and Peeta exchanged looks before reaching for a marker. Katniss' eyes widened. Her two best friends then began chasing her around the mayors daughters room, markers and glitter in hand. Madge came out, her forehead red from all of the rubbing, and joined in. Soon the four eighteen year olds had covered one another in glitter, lipstick, and multi colored scented markers. 0o0o0o0o0o0 "Oh, shoot, I'm going to be so late." Madge groaned. "We all are, Madge." Katniss said as she placed her hair in its usual braid down her back. "Do I still have glitter in my hair?" Madge looked at Katniss dark locks once. "Nope." she smiled. Katniss sighed and shook her head, trying to get rid of the glitter. "We're going now!" Gale and Peeta called. They heard the back door to the mayors house slam shut. "Couldn't they wait?" Madge scowled. "Nope." Katniss said. "See you at school!" She, too, grabbed her back pack and left. Madge scowled at her image in the mirror. Some best friends she had. 0o0o0o "They are all idiots. I hate them." Katniss muttered as she followed her friends outside of the cafeteria. Peeta rubbed her back comfortingly. "Just ignore them, Catnip." Gale smiled. Katniss scowled. "Don't call me that." She said. Gale laughed causing the other students, both merchant and seam, to turn and stare. "She always gets grumpy around other people." Peeta explained. "Obviously." Madge says as she joins the group outside. She gestured the group toward a spot on the grass where they could sit and eat – away from the others stares. "I find that I'm regretting coming out in public with you guys." Gale says as he takes a bite of the apple. Katniss' eyes meet Gales. He can easily tell her feelings are similar. A few years ago, when they had all first meet they barely let themselves be seen together. Gale and Katniss were from the Seam and Peeta and Madge were merchants. They didn't mix. That was the unspoken rule in District 12. But after a while Katniss and Madge began to talk during school. At first it was just about school assignments and the weather but soon it became more. Madge brought Peeta into the two girls group and Katniss brought her hunting partner, Gale, accidentally. Madge had meet Gale when he sold strawberries to her father and they had quickly become friends. Gale took longer to like Peeta though. They had decided to keep their friendship on the down-low for a while because of their peers. They would no doubt talk and gossip and say mean things to the four friends. But Peeta had begun to think that it was silly do hide just because people weren't mature enough to deal with the fact that four people from different backgrounds had managed to becoming friends. "What? Is the dark and handsome Gale embarrassed of hanging out with average looking us?" Peeta joked. "Yes." Gale smiled. "I mean – no! You guys are great." Peeta faked hurt. "You know that Festival is coming up. . ." Madge trailed off. She poked at her sandwich. Blue and grey eyes turned to look at the mayor's daughter. "And…?" Gale asked. "We should go. . ." Madge trailed off and took a bite of her strawberries. "I don't think so." Gale said. "Yeah, I think I might be busy that day anyway." Peeta shrugged. "The Spring Festival is a really busy time for us." "Actually. . . I was thinking of taking Prim." Katniss said quietly. "We saved up some money." "You know what - I'll go." Peeta said. Katniss and Madge smiled. "Won't you be too busy?" Katniss asked. "Nah, I'll get my brothers to cover for me." Peeta smiled. "Of course you would. . ." Gale said. He looked up at the sky in order to avoid glaring at the blonde. "You could take your siblings." Madge suggested. "I'm sure Posy and Rory would love to spend some time with Prim." "They don't like the festival, Madge." Katniss said. "Yeah, not everyone's siblings fit in with the merchants." Gale sighed. Then he saw how Peeta moved to sit closer to Katniss. It was an unconscious move. Peeta clearly didn't realize what he was doing and much to Gale's surprise Katniss seemed to move closer to Peeta without actually knowing . It's like they were literally attracted to each other. If one moves then the other shifts to accommodate the other. "I'll go. I'm sure dad will let me." Peeta's eyes locked on him. Gale smiled and Peeta did too. Both smiles were obviously forced. O0o0o0o0o Two days later. "You don't realize what they're doing do you?" Madge asked Katniss as they arrived at Katniss' house. Prim had gone to her room to get ready for the Festival later on. "Who?" Katniss asked. She unbraided her hair and let it fall down her back in waves. "Never mind." Madge said. "You look pretty like that. You should wear your hair to the festival." Katniss blushed. "I'm too lazy to put it back up so I just might." She smiled. "Prim, are you ready?" "Maybe you should change too." Prim said as she walked out of the bedroom. She had changed into dark jeans, a pink flowery blouse, and pink flats. Her hair was in its usual braids. "I'm fine." Katniss said. "It's not like we're going to anywhere special." "The Spring Festival is special, Katniss." Madge said. "I don't have anything else to wear anyway." Katniss said. "And I am not wearing one of mum's dresses." "Why not?" Mr. Everdeen asked. Katniss sighed. "I thought you were at work." Katniss said. "Decided to come home early, today is the Spring Festival after all." He smiled. Mr. Everdeen was a joyous, calm, broad shouldered, open-minded man. Katniss resembled her father very much the only difference being her slightly lighter skin tone and smaller, more feminine frame. "But you're not going." She said. "No," He said. "But that doesn't mean I couldn't take a break." He winked at his daughter and smiled. "Still, Katniss you should change." Madge said. "You don't know who might be watching after all." Prim added. At this her father frowned. "I swear if you run off with either a baker or a miner before you are thirty . . ." He shook his head. Katniss blushed. She