Hey everyone! Just a quick Author's note to clear the air for a bit to give you background info on this story. It follows the same timeline as the original story with a twist, there is a new character that I have added and their story will be told in this chapter. This character's entrance into the story has shaken the story up a little so bear with it and you will see how it all falls together. Also, instead of Jacob being there for Bella, Embry replaces him. They don't switch lives and social status eg. Jacob is still the second-in-command after Sam in the pack and is still Billy Black's son. As the story progresses on, you will see why I have done this. This is set the day after the graduation party in Eclipse that Alice throws. This is my first fanfic ever so please be nice with reviews. If you like it, YAY! If not, I don't care, I'm gonna finish the story anyway so suck it. DISCLAIMER: I don't own anything other than the new character whose name will be revealed in the chapter! " If the world is, ending, Right this, second; If the sky is gonna fall, Who you gonna call?" (Who You Gonna Call? – Lawson) (Carlisle's POV) I have officially made up my mind and I have to do this, even if the rest of my family doesn't agree with it. She told me specifically "Any funny business that puts this coven…this family in danger, call me and I will re-join and solve the problem." So, honouring that, I have to do this, she is the leader of this coven anyway. Someone downstairs growled probably Edward, nothing new. Another growl; definitely Edward. I picked up the phone and dialled the number I hoped that I'd never have to call. (Unknown POV) My phone rang in my pocket just as I was about sink my teeth into a delicious grizzly bear. I had already broken its neck so I looked at my phone's screen and saw it was Carlisle and felt this sickening feeling, knowing my coven, my family was in trouble. Shit. (Edward's POV) Why the hell was he calling her . She left us because of some stupid prejudice. Edward calm down I have to do this or we will never make it and I have to fulfil my promise to her. This isn't your decision. She left me in charge, trusting that if I thought we were in trouble I would call her and ask her to return. You left too and we helped you, so please let me help us and the people of Forks by doing this. Thankyou. I hate it when he lectures me in his head. "Carlisle, we can do it without her we have everything we need here, she didn't want to stay with us so why should we look weak in her eyes?" He raced down the stairs and was already on the phone, she picked up her phone. " Carlisle, is everything okay? Why are you calling me? What happened in Forks? Is everyone alive? Has anyone died? Who killed them? They'll be dead in point one of a millisecond or in 5 hours depending on how angry I am. I will murder them with my own bare hands, not to mention with a bit of…" "Relax please, everything is sort of okay, everyone is still alive, no one has died and no one has killed anyone yet." " That's good I guess, but you still haven't answered my second and third questions Carlisle! Why are you calling me? What happened in Forks?" "How about I tell you when you get here and if you don't want to help us, then, so be it. We are in danger here and we need your help and guidance through this so please come home." " Okay, I am on my way, I was in the middle of a hunt but it's okay give me exactly 10 minutes and I will be at the door okay? I am in New York City at the moment but I will be there in 10 minutes okay? Great see you then!" The phone went dead. Carlisle made an unnecessary announcement that she would be here in 10 minutes and to be ready. As soon as he said that, Esme was running around the place with vampire speed getting the house totally clean. Bella asked me a question but I wasn't paying attention, my head was racing with not only my own painful thoughts, but everyone else's too. I hate my ability. It will be the end of me. (Unknown POV) I quickly finished my hunt, told my friends that I will be gone for a while. Thankfully, they were cool with it and I bolted out of state and into Michigan. 5 minutes left. I used one of my awesome abilities to appear anywhere I want and I got to Seattle with 3 minutes left on the clock. I ran faster than any vampire, even Edward and got there 10 minutes after the call on the dot and walked in and said "Hey people, I'm home!" (Bella's POV) " Hey people, I'm home!" a lady who I didn't know said that made Edward and Alice freeze into statues and Emmett and Jasper literally run to the door and tackle this poor blonde, blue eyed, tall and femininely muscular lady. She smashed them both to the floor without any issue which surprised me because vampires have red, gold or black eyes. Then, Rosalie and Esme ran to her and smashed her with their hugs, even if she towered over them. Carlisle walked over to her and thanked her for coming and she dismissed it saying it wasn't an issue and that she'd do anything to protect her coven and family. What that is supposed to mean; I have no idea. Edward and Alice finally walked over to her Alice following Edward and she gave Edward a hug first which he tried to deny but he gave in and gave her a hug anyway, looking extremely happy and ecstatic that she was here even though he told Carlisle before that he didn't want to look weak in front of her and that we didn't need her. Although, something told me that we really did need her. She seemed loving but really tense and protective so I didn't want to bother her and stayed away from her. They looked into each other's eyes with no facial or body expressions at all. They were having a silent conversation. So, she must be a vampire, so then what's with the eyes. Then out of nowhere, Edward burst into laughter breaking their gaze. All of a sudden, the whole room was laughing at Edward because he never laughs like that especially now because of the recent danger. Alice was standing there like a statue; the lady bent down to Alice's eye level and looked at her in the eye. Next thing you know, Alice jumped on her and said something in a European language I didn't understand. I must've had a confused look on my face because Edward came up behind me and told me that Alice said in French "It's been too long my sister, don't leave again please." I was even more confused. "Love, she will explain it to you better than I can." He told me. "Okay" I replied. She started sniffing the air and my heart began to race and I was also breathing pretty heavily too. She turned and looked at me directly and Edward stood in front of me with a protective stance and started growling at her. "Ease up little Eddie boy, we all understand that you don't get a girl very often anymore so you don't want me to scare her away. Don't worry, she's a keeper. I've seen it! Ew, yuck! What the hell is that disgusting smell?" She turned her gaze from Edward and me to the wolves and she jumped back what looked like 10ft. Yep, she is definitely a vampire. "WHAT ARE THEY DOING HERE? THEY AREN'T SUPPOSED TO BE HERE! WHAT ABOUT THE TREATY? YOU HAVE TO LEAVE IMMEDIATELY BEFORE I DO SOMETHING I MIGHT REGRET LATER. THEY ARE THE REASON WHY I MOVED TO NEW YORK INSTEAD OF HERE! DON'T YOU GET IT!" "Hey, calm down they're here for my Bella, unfortunately" The lady growled at him while I whacked him on the back of the head softly as if to tell him to stop being rude about the wolves. I was sure that tomorrow my hand was gonna hurt a little more than it should when you hit someone on the back of the head since my dear Edward is a stone-headed vampire. "Sorry, but it's true my dear…" I covered his mouth with my hand and told him "Shut up and stop being so rude. Grow a heart will you!" He looked at me dumbfounded and I felt this surge of joy in me, knowing that I just made a vampire speechless, though I don't know where that came from but anyway. I looked at Jasper and noticed that he was smiling at me, probably because of my recent surge of happiness. Me, the idiot I am did the worst thing ever. I turned to Alice and asked her who the lady was. The lady turned sharply in my direction again and I lost that happiness and it was instead overtaken by fear and confusion. (Unknown POV) What a stupid little human. Edward could do a whole lot better, but I can't do anything about it; they're mates, poor Eddie boy. Edward growled. I started laughing on the inside but growled on the outside. No, I'm not bipolar; I'm just very experienced in hiding emotions and displaying others instead. That's what happens when you're prehistoric, literally. So I scared her even more by running at top speed over to her and stopped right in front of her and pushed Edward back to the other side of the room without much effort from my left hand. I answered her. "My name is Angela Cullen. I am 21 years old and I have been so for many millennia. As a newborn vampire, I rode dinosaurs like little human children ride horses. You think you know everything about the vampire world, but no human, not even you, would understand what the supernatural world is like until they become a part of it truly. I was the first vampire ever created. I wasn't bitten by anything to become one; I was simply stuck by lightning while in the river on my 21st birthday at the exact time that I became an adult. My parents were Adam and Eve; I had a twin sister who is 21 minutes younger than me and two younger brothers. I gave my youngest brother Abel 15 children, 5 sets of triplets. My younger brother Cain was jealous of Abel because he got kids and he didn't, so Cain killed Abel. I was distraught as I was only 13. Yes, I was 11 when I first fell pregnant. My father and brothers were impatient to populate the world and I was the only female able to give birth. Cain made me fall pregnant immediately and as punishment for me choosing Abel over him, he made me give birth to 15 sets of triplets and that he'd kill the second and third born in each set in front of me while I was in terrible pain from labour anyway. Since each pregnancy only took around 6 months, By the time I was 21, I had given birth to 60 children, but only 30 survived." I stopped talking for a bit because I could tell that she needed time to recover from that. Not to mention that because she's human, it would be a bit hard for her to wrap