Note:Elvish is in italics and bold typeface, thoughts are just don't in italics. Led Astray Chapter One: Elenwen sighed deeply. She looked up towards the treetops of the green leaves as a light morning breeze whistled through the branches. Somehow she managed to escape her early morning duties for a short rest in the long, green grass and to gaze upwards at the blue heavens above to gaze in awe at what was life. A sound made Elenwen jump and then another sound, this time recognized by Elenwen's keen ears as she heard the unmistakable sound of a twig snapping. A voice was heard and she crawled on all fours to hide behind a rock on top of the hill where she rested in hopes of catching a glimpse of the intruders rather than have them glimpse her first. The sounds became louder and Elenwen silently cursed at herself for not noticing them sooner. Soon here green eyes could just make out eight figures across the river and in the distance. The leader wore a dirty, long coat on his muscular shoulders. His dark, wavy hair gently brushed his shoulders and dark stubble shadowed his chin. ' Aragorn son of Arathorn .' Elenwen recognized happily. Her attention then went to rest on four Halflings. All children sized, with large hairy feet and curled hair. ' Likes of which I have never seen .' Elenwen squinted in curiosity. Then a sturdy, axe-wielding dwarf was seen behind the hobbits. " A dwarf in Lothlorien ?" Elenwen whispered in shock. Elves and dwarves had never really gotten along together per say. The realm of Lothlorien had not seen a dwarf for many ages. Shaking her head Elenwen looked to the last two wanderers. A Gondorian man, with light copper hair and a large circular shield and the most handsome elf Elenwen had ever seen! He had long blond hair much like hers except it shone brighter than gold. He walked gracefully behind that company clad in woodland and colours of green, brown and grey. But what really caught Elenwen were his sky blue eyes that sparkled magically. As she gazed at him captured by his beauty he turned slowly to glance right her direction. Elenwen ducked quickly, almost hitting her head on a rock as she hid, breathing deeply. A silent rustle caught her attention and gingerly she peeked out from behind the boulder. Lothlorien archers who stood ready to release their arrows at any moment surrounded the eight travelers. With a smile Elenwen noted the handsome elf had been as quick as the Lothlorien archers to bring out his bow in defense. A hand rested lightly on Elenwen's shoulder and she twisted around to face her brother. " I should have known! Of all the elves only you could sneak up behind me !" Elenwen whispered, slightly agitated by the shock her brother had given her. Callnen chuckled, " I was sent to look for you. Lady Galadriel expected these visitors, and you are to act as somewhat of a hostess ." Elenwen frowned, " What do they seek ?" she asked. Callnen gave her a hand and helped her to her feet. " They came from the Council of Elrond, that is all I may say. Here, we will ride back quickly so you may prepare ." Callnen bade and pointed to his grey gelding. Callnen blew back his dark hair and offered Elenwen a leg up to the horses back. Setting herself comfortably on the gelding's bare back she gripped lightly on its mane. Callnen got on with a leap and set an arm around his sister's waist to hold her steady. " First we shall inform Haldir that I have found you, as he was to keep and eye out for you as well ." Callnen exclaimed as he lightly nudged his horse forward. Elenwen took a deep breath. She was going to see the handsome elf up close. All at once her stomach jumbled in excitement and nervousness. With ease that horse trotted forwards to Haldir who had just barely begun to lead the visitors further into the forest. Elenwen noticed curiously that all the visitors were blindfolded except the elf in the company. " Haldir, as you can see I have found her ." Callnen told the elf captain. Haldir looked up. " That is well Callnen. By any chance does one of you carry a cloth of some sort? Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel ordered the blindfolding of the dwarf. Since he refused to be blindfolded unless everyone else was we have no choice. We even had to cover Lord Aragorn's eyes ." Haldir explained waving a hand to Aragorn. " My friends well met Callnen and Elenwen! We must meet when I am able to see once more. I am sure Elenwen has grown more beautiful since I last saw her ." Aragorn smiled. Callnen laughed, " Yes, Lord Aragorn, we shall meet later ." Elenwen barely heard as she gazed at the elf in the company. Putting her hand near her waist she drew out a green silk handkerchief from her pocket. " I believe I have a cloth for the last member of the group ." Elenwen spoke smoothly. Haldir accepted it with a bow. " Thank you Elenwen, you shall get it back ." Elenwen looked at the elf stranger. He bowed to her and continued to gaze at her until the handkerchief was placed fully over his eyes. " Till our next meeting." Callnen saluted Haldir and nudged his horse to a gallop. Even though the breeze rushed through her hair Elenwen had only thoughts of the blue-eyed elf. Legolas sighed quietly as the handkerchief was placed over his eyes. The elf maiden had been wonderful to look at. His heart and mind filled with peace when her first glimpsed her. Legolas almost resented the sweet smelling cloth that was tied around his head, blocking his vision of her grace and beauty. 'If this is all I may have of her to remember for a time, I shall savor this time gladly.' In his mind he saw her once again as he had first seen her; behind the boulder in the distance. ' May I see her again .' Legolas prayed with adoration. With a flick of the wrist Elenwen laid the last of the blankets in its designated spot. Eight beds had been made under a roof of tree roots that rose high and strong in a semi circle. A stone table was set in the middle of the clearing that held the cups, plates and pitchers of water and mead. With a nod Elenwen inspected the area with a quick glance. " Elenwen!" Callnen called. " The guests have arrived. Lady Galadriel wishes for you to be present in the throne hall, so that you may escort the company here ." Elenwen gathered her silky white skirts and hurried up the winding steps that rose ever higher around a large tree. Darkness had fallen and the blue glow appeared in the lanterns that were hung around the stairs by a railing. Finally reaching the top step she approached the throne with head bowed. " Elenwen, I see your brother found you as I knew he would. You were missed this morn ." Lady Galadriel told her in her usual even toned voice. " I am sorry my lady, you know well my likeness for adventure ." Elenwen whispered as she curtsied. " Yes, adventure. It will find you sooner than you think ." Galadriel spoke and looked into Elenwen's eyes thoughtfully. " Sit, niece Elenwen, and be merry, for there is a time to grieve ." Galadriel spoke softly and extended an arm to the corner of the room where a large green pillow sat. Elenwen bowed and retreated to her spot while Galadriel smiled at her niece before taking her husbands hand and descending a few steps to meet the fellowship on a platform. "Nine left Rivendell, yet here I see eight. Tell me, where is Gandalf, for I much wish to speak with him." Lord Celeborn told. Elenwen looked up. The absence of Gandalf was usually no reason to worry. He had always come and gone as he pleased. The company bowed their heads solemnly. "He passed into shadow." Galadriel whispered with a slight stunned look on her face. Elenwen sat shocked where she was. Tears welled in her eyes and slid down her cheek. Gandalf the Grey had visited often where he had found the time and Elenwen had enjoyed his tales of adventure. Elenwen forgot about the handsome elf and whispered words of mourning. Lady Galadriel continued to speak but Elenwen heard none of it. "Elenwen will lead you to your camp." Galadriel finished. Elenwen quickly shot her head up and stood as the fellowship looked to her. Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel withdrew and Elenwen approached the fellowships as gracefully as she could manage. Aragorn swept Elenwen into a hug. " I fear it is hard to say hello when grief is still so close in our hearts ." Aragorn whispered. Elenwen smiled silently and pulled from his grasp. " Lady Arwen awaits you my Lord, I assume you know where ." Elenwen spoke silently in elvish. Aragorn grinned and kissed Elenwen's hand. " Your cousin awaits me does she? I shall not keep her waiting." Aragorn winked quickly. " But Aragorn, I cannot speak the tongue of men. Do you think you could translate my words for a bit ?" Elenwen asked shyly. " Two of the members in the fellowship can speak both elvish and the tongue of men. Legolas! Can you translate Elen's words into that of man in my stead ?" Aragorn asked the elf. ' It cannot be !' Elenwen thought. " Elenwen? I have not seen you for seasons upon seasons!" Legolas exclaimed looking her up and down. " You have grown! Last I saw you, you were but a child visiting Mirkwood!" Elenwen blushed remembering how she had followed Legolas as a youngster. They were about the same age and she had practically worshiped the ground he walked on. Even then his handsome features were so captivating. " I'd be happy to translate, but I would like to add that any words that pass though your mouth are better than mine ." Legolas said to Elenwen. Elenwen blushed and Aragorn laughed. " Aphid nine ." Elenwen smiled to the group and with Legolas's translation the group followed her down the stairs. Hot food was set out and the fellowship dined heartedly. " Won't you join us Elenwen, in Aragorn's stead ?" A young hobbit asked in elvish. Elenwen looked at the hobbit closely. " You are Frodo ?" Elenwen asked. The hobbit nodded. " I suggest that if you wish to join us that you do so quickly as my brethren Merry and Pippin will devour it all ." Elenwen bowed from where she stood and poured herself some mead. As she sat down off to the side on a fallen log a lament was heard for Gandalf. As she remembered the old wizard with great fondness a tear slid down her cheek. Her fingers touched something silky and she looked up to see the handsome elf handing her a handkerchief. " Thank you for letting me borrow it ." Legolas said quietly. Elenwen nodded and Legolas sat down beside her. Feeling the need to act as hostess Elenwen asked, " How is Mirkwood my lord?" Legolas smiled, " Mirkwood my lady is still a place of mystery and beauty. Much like yourself ." He replied. " If I may be so blunt as to ask, how did you end up in the fellowship? I remember Mirkwood as place of beauty that one doesn't easily part with ." Elenwen asked shyly. Legolas smiled again at the memory of his home. " I was to deliver a message