Challenge prompt: Write about a character discovering/using a magical artifact Setting: Set in the summer before fifth year, before Harry's arrival at Grimmuald Place, while the rest of the characters are cleaning the house out. Canon is somewhat vague on when exactly Hermione arrives, so this story assumes she and the Weasleys arrive at Grimmuald Place shortly after the summer holiday begins, well before Harry's misadventures with the dementors. Hermione was bored. Cleaning had never been something she enjoyed, and with such a large house to go through it was driving her insane. Every summer, her family always made sure there was something interesting to do; usually educational, but even when it wasn't strictly educational there was always something new to see, something new to experience. This house, safe though it may be, was not interesting. At least, not as long as she was stuck doing chores. She'd been there only a few days and was already fed up with it. So with Ginny downstairs cleaning with her mother, Hermione was in their room, lying on her bed and re-reading Hogwarts: A History . The bedrooms had been cleaned out first, and Hermione had not wanted to know whose bedroom this one used to be. The Black family was… not one she was comfortable with, and she wasn't sure she was ready to exclude Sirius from that. Certainly he didn't share his family's darker predilections, but she was not convinced he had come out of his 12 year ordeal entirely sane. With a sigh, she put the book down. She'd just re-read the section about the Chamber of Secrets, in case there was something she had missed before, but as ever it was heavy on myth, light on reality. As much as she loved the book and thought everyone should read it (why wouldn't you want know as much as you could about the castle that was both your school and your home?), she just wasn't in the mood to go over it again right now. Summertime was for something new , something different. Maybe she'd go downstairs and see what everyone else was doing… with luck, someone would be working on the dark artifacts they'd already found and she could watch and ask questions? She didn't want to interfere, and she wasn't qualified to do anything, but just watching could be fascinating. She hopped off the bed, and as she did so her copy of Hogwarts: A History promptly slid off; before she could catch it, it landed, and as it did the floorboard it landed it was jostled out of place. ' A loose floorboard?' Hermione nudged it with her foot, and she saw a small compartment underneath. ' I wonder why they didn't find it when they were…. Oh, wait, this wasn't hidden with magic was it? They were looking for magic, and since this wasn't actually hidden with any magic they probably glossed right over it. I wonder just how many things in the Wizarding world could be fixed with just a little bit of logic, given how much they assume things can't be done without magic… still, just because it wasn't magically concealed doesn't mean that it's safe. Let's see...no explosions, no bursts of magic… do I feel any different? No compulsions to go over there...' Hermione slowly walked over to the opening and peered in. She saw a little black diary, with bright gold letters on it, "T. B.", along with a small silver hand mirror. The mirror looked almost like something out of a fairy tale, the silver metal crafted in a very ornate style, the glass almost shimmering as she looked at it. Well, the diary she was going to leave alone; she doubted this would be another gift from Voldemort, but there was no reason to take any chances. The mirror, too, was something she wouldn't touch. They looked harmless, but if they were harmless she could always ask to look at them later. ' Although…. I don't actually have any kind of hand mirror, do I? A compact would be more convenient, but this has a certain style to it… and as long as I'm careful and let someone know the instant I start to notice anything strange, what could go wrong? .' Hermione reached in, careful not to touch anything other than the mirror as she pulled it out. 'In fact, I think I'll just leave it alone until tomorrow; if I feel like I can't, that'll be proof I can't trust it.' Satisfied, Hermione put the mirror in her bag with the rest of her toiletries, then went to tell everyone else about the diary. The diary had caused a great deal of panic at first, but there didn't appear to be much odd about it. Everyone was surprised that they had missed a secret compartment Hermione managed to find just by dropping a book on it, but the diary seemed like a normal diary, save that it was completely blank. It was not overtly magical, and Sirius, Bill, and Remus had examined it thoroughly before declaring they couldn't find anything unusual about it. Bill had even written a single letter on the corner of one page, but that too failed to provoke any sort of reaction. In the end, they added it to a pile of objects they wanted to check over for additional secrets later, but didn't see as an immediate threat. To Hermione's frustration, they decided that the rest of the day would be best used continuing to clean and fix up the old manor. Between that and dinner, there was no time even for going back to re-reading Hogwarts: A History . As she went to sleep, she hoped that maybe tomorrow would be more interesting. Hermione didn't realize she had forgotten about the mirror until the next morning when she went to get ready for the day. ' Well, it certainly wasn't trying to force me to use it, so that's a good sign… maybe I should have someone look at it anyways? I'm really not sure what I need a mirror like that for anyways…' She held the mirror in her hand for a few moments before shaking head. ' Of course, if it's just a mirror I'd feel pretty foolish, and what about the basilisk? I never did get a replacement for the one I lost there. This is a bit fancier than I would normally get, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.' Walking back to her bed, Hermione sat down and dug out her hair brush. Having bushy hair didn't mean one never had to brush it, after all. True, she didn't normally bother with a mirror, but this seemed like a nice safe way to test out her new find. As she started to brush her hair, Ginny walked back into the room. "Bathroom's all yours Hermione…" Ginny started before coming up short and looking at the mirror. "Hey, that's a cute mirror, where'd you find it?" "Oh, this? Brought it with me. My parents bought it for me just after I got home." Hermione answered while brushing her hair. "Oh, that's nice. Impressive too." Ginny commented as she walked over to the dresser she'd claimed. "Oh? And why is that?" Hermione's tone was casual, but Ginny couldn't help but shudder a bit. "It's just a nice looking mirror, that's all! Jeez, relax, it was supposed to be a compliment." "Well, in that case, thank you." Hermione smiled broadly, as Ginny sighed in relief and turned around. ' Does she really think I bought that? I know the Weasleys like me and Harry, and they're certainly nothing like Malfoy but… it's obvious she was shocked that muggles could make something as nice as a simple hand mirror. Granted, they didn't make this mirror, but… why are wizards always so blind? Why do they always assume you can't do anything without magic?'' As she gave her hair one final brush, she admired it in the mirror. ' Not quite as… bushy. Maybe I should use this thing more often!' Satisfied, she walked off to the bathroom to finish getting ready. The pattern of life didn't change much for the next few days. Hermione kept using her new mirror, finding that brushing her hair with it was very relaxing. If this was how it felt to spend time just brushing her hair, she was starting to understand why so many girls spent so much time on their appearance. Despite that, Hermione was feeling increasingly stifled at Grimmuald Place, and talking with Ron and Ginny wasn't helping much. They were both bored as well, but they seemed far more interested in complaining about it and speculating about when Harry would arrive than in finding something interesting to do. Not that she didn't want to see Harry, of course, but talking about it wouldn't change anything… ' Wait a second, I've been wondering why Wizards are so blind to muggle solutions, but I've been ignoring one myself! Why can't we just send Harry letters in the mail? If nobody on our side thought of it, I can't imagine the death eaters would stop to interfere with the Royal Mail… I owl a letter for Harry to mum and dad, and they can pass it on for me!' Smiling, Hermione quickly ran back to her room and wrote out a letter, describing everything that had happened that summer (which, to be fair, wasn't much), and explaining why she hadn't written already. Dumbledore didn't want them writing, to keep Harry safe… but really, if the wards at Privet Drive were as good as Dumbledore claimed, how could this possibly be a threat? It was four days before Hermione got a response back from Harry, included with a letter that arrived from her parents over breakfast. She was careful to keep his letter hidden from the rest of the house; she was sure there would be no problems with it, but that didn't mean she trusted everyone else to agree with her. The more time she spent around the Weasleys and the Wizarding World, the more frustrated she was getting with their lack of logic…. Molly was using one of Lockhart's books to help clean out pests, for Merlin's…. God, she was even picking up their curses! Everyone had learned two years ago that Lockhart was a fraud, how could anyone think anything he wrote was even remotely trustworthy? Once she was safely hidden away in her room, she opened his letter and started reading. Hermione, I'm so glad you wrote! It's been awful being trapped here again. The Dursleys are… well, they're being the Dursleys, I suppose. Don't apologize for taking this long to write; if Dumbledore was getting in your way, it makes sense you couldn't do it right away, and you did figure it out in the end… too bad nobody else thought of it. The Dursleys didn't seem too happy to be giving me mail, but they did actually thank me for having come through the regular post. Sorta. Ok, they were yelling, but it was as close to gratitude as I think Vernon can get! I'm guessing your ability to send anything will be a bit limited if you have to pass everything through your parents…. I sent Hedwig to them, though, and she's careful to only come in my window at night. That should help us get letters back and forth a bit quicker, and she's probably happy to have something to do. At least one of us can get out this way… I think the worst part of being here is being so cut off. I don't know anything that's going on, and now that Voldemort's back… could you try and keep me up to date, maybe a newspaper or something? Even the Prophet would be welcome at this point. Even if you can't, thanks for trying. Tell Sirius I said hi. Harry Hermione laughed a bit at