Challenge Prompt: Word prompt - Night Setting: Varied Hogwarts, March 1993 (second year) Harry was wandering the school grounds. He knew it was against the rules to be outside after curfew, but at this point he didn't care. He had his cloak, so nobody would see him, and it wasn't like anything else could go wrong… half the school thought he was the heir, Hermione was petrified now, and nobody seemed any closer to figuring out what was going on. He knew he wasn't going to sleep, so he'd gotten up and gone outside hoping… just hoping for something, really. So now he was wandering, the cold night air doing little to help him. He stopped when he saw a girl sitting by the lake. She was small, and blonde, and didn't seem to be paying attention to anything that was happening around her. Harry tried to get closer, to get a better look at her. Her eyes were unusually large, and the moonlight gave them an oddly silver glow. The blue robes identified her as a ravenclaw. "Hello?" She called out, and turned in his direction. "Are you going to introduce yourself?" "Ummm…" Harry pulled the cloak down around his head. "How'd you know I was there?" "Because you are." the girl shrugged. "Was I not supposed to notice? I'm sorry, I can pretend you're not here if you like." She turned back to the lake, and Harry was surprised to notice that she didn't sound sad. "No! Well, yes, I mean… I was trying to hide, but not from you, just from the teachers and… well, most everyone, really." Took the cloak off and sat down next to her. "Well, if you weren't trying to hide from me, you should know how I found you." She said. "Er…." That seemed to make a lot of sense, and none at all. "I guess, but most people don't notice me when I'm invisible." "Well, most people spend a lot of time looking around and not really seeing anything. It's sad, really." The girl looked at him. "I guess." Harry shrugged. "I don't know your name, though." "Luna. Luna Lovegood. And you are?" Luna turned toward him. "Er… really?" Harry hated how excited he sounded. "I'm Harry, Harry Potter." "Can I tell you a secret, Harry Potter?" Luna whispered, leaning a bit closer. "I suppose… and you can just call me Harry." Harry said, unconsciously leaning closer. "I did know your name, I just didn't want to be rude." She nodded and looked very solemn about this, and Harry couldn't stop himself from laughing. "Well, thank you Luna. What are you doing out here anyways?" Harry asked. "Oh, I got locked out of the common room again. I don't think the prefects like me very much." Luna shrugged. "I don't think they believe me when I tell them about nargles and snorkacks." "Locked out of your room, by the prefects?" Harry was shocked. "Why didn't you tell a professor about it?" "Why should I? Either he'd stop them, and they'd do something even worse next time, or he wouldn't, and they'd know they could get away with it. If I do nothing, all I have to do is come out here to enjoy the night, and they'll be too scared to try again for a few days." Luna shrugged. "Why don't you talk to the professors about the people picking on you?" "Well... " Harry trailed off. He wanted to say that the professors couldn't do anything, that he'd tried last year and it hadn't helped. "I guess the same reason as you, it wouldn't do any good." Luna nodded. "They care, but they're like everyone else. They spend so much time looking they don't bother to see." She stood up. "But usually the door lets me back in after midnight. I think whatever spell they use wears off at midnight, so I'm going to see if I can go back in." She gestured down, and he saw that she was barefoot. "It's a bit cold without my shoes, I have to admit." Harry wanted to offer to help, but what could he do? Just another problem he couldn't solve. As Luna walked away, he started to follow her. He thought about Luna, about Hermione, about the diary and the basilisk, until Luna stopped and he realized they were standing outside the castle doors. Luna turned around. "Not everything needs fixing right away, Harry. Just talking to someone can help. So thank you." She reached out and grabbed his shoulder. "Maybe we'll talk again sometime? Don't forget to put your cloak back on." She smiled and walked back into the castle. Bemused, Harry went back up to his room. It wasn't until he awoke the next morning that he realized how quickly he had been able to go to sleep after coming back. Hogwarts, near the Whomping Willow, night before the leaving feast, 1994 (third year) Harry found himself once again wandering the castle grounds after curfew. So much had happened this year… he'd spent the whole year worrying about being caught by a notorious mass murder, only to find out the criminal in question was not only innocent, but someone who wanted to take care of him. His defense professor had turned out to be another old family friend, someone he might be able to turn to. On the other hand, Snape still hated him, and thanks to him Remus had lost his job. Sirius was still a criminal, and because the traitor had gotten away, Sirius wouldn't be able to look after him. Despite everything, he was still being sent back to the Dursleys for another summer. Harry stopped, and found himself near the Whomping Willow. He looked up at the Willow, which had harbored so many secrets over the years. He stared at it for a few minutes before he realized there was someone sitting at its base, apparently safe. He looked closer and saw that it was Luna. She looked back in his direction and tipped her head. "Is that you Harry?" Sighing, he pulled the cloak off. "Let me guess, I wasn't trying to hide from you?" She shrugged. "Did you want to try and hide from me?" Harry shook his head. "No, I'm just surprised you're not scared of the tree. There's a spot you can push on to calm it down, but most people don't know about it." Luna looked up at the tree. "I don't see why people are so scared of it, it's not angry, it just doesn't want to be toyed with. And I suppose years of having a werewolf on the other end of the tunnel would make anyone touchy." Harry stared at her. "How did you know about that?" Luna turned back to Harry. "I see things, rather than just looking at them. The tunnel has lots of animal markings, the shack on the other end was rumored to be haunted but doesn't have any spirits… and I saw the most remarkable things happening not too long ago over by the lake. Your patronus is very impressive." Harry stared at her for a few moments, before chuckling and walking over to her. "I was amazed nobody else had noticed what was going on… it's all been crazy lately." Luna patted the ground next to her. "Everyone returned all of my things already, so I've got nothing to do if you'd like to join me." Harry sat down and looked at Luna. She didn't seem to be paying any attention to him, now that he was here. He sat, and his thoughts began to drift back over the events of the past few weeks. More than anything else, he kept coming back to Sirius and Wormtail. He looked up and realized the moon had shifted quite a distance, that he must have been sitting and thinking for a long time. He looked at Luna, and saw she was staring up at the sky. Without turning to face him, she spoke. "Feeling better?" "Yeah, actually… how'd you know?" Harry asked. Luna smiled. "You seem better. The nargles aren't quite as thick around you anymore." At his confused look she laughed. "You'll get the hang of it. If you'd like to share, I'm always happy to listen, but I don't need to hear anything you're not ready to say." Harry shrugged. "Wondering if I did the right thing mostly, letting Peter escape. He betrayed my parents, he put my godfather in prison for 12 years… and if we'd killed him, we might have his body, might have been able to clear Sirius's name." "You're not a killer, Harry Potter." Luna looked him in the eye, and he found he couldn't look away. "You worry that your choice will hurt others, but if you had Peter right now, would you kill him?" Harry considered. He imagined Peter lying before him, helpless. He tried to imagine lifting his wand against him... "No. I might kick him a couple of times, but I couldn't kill him. I wanted him arrested, not dead." "Then you did the right thing, no matter what happens next." Luna said, looking back up at the sky. "You'll worry about it, of course, but there's a difference between worrying about the future and regretting the past." Harry smiled, and leaned back against the tree with Luna. "Thank you." They didn't say anything else until the sun rose, and they went to get ready for the leaving feast. Hogwarts express, September 1994 (Beginning of fourth year) "Harry, I'd like you to meet…" Ginny started. "Luna, how was your summer?" Harry interrupted, smiling. "Not as good as we'd hoped. My father and I were hoping to catch a crumple-horned snorkack, you see." Luna said, smiling over the upside-down copy of the Quibbler she held in her hands. "Shame, that. Maybe next summer?" Harry said, taking a seat. "I didn't know you two knew each other…" Ginny said, looking suspiciously between Harry and Luna. "That's because you were looking, not seeing." Harry said, with a smirk on his face. Luna said nothing, but Harry saw in her eyes that she was amused by his comment. "Ugh, I don't think I can handle two of you!" Ginny said, settling in as the train continued its journey. Hogwarts, night before the final task of the Triwazarding Tournament, 1995 Harry sat beside the lake. Hidden by his cloak, he looked at the water and remembered what it had been like to try and rescue his hostage. As much as some people had made fun of him for it, he didn't regret saving Gabrielle; with the incompetence of the Ministry, he wasn't convinced that she had been as safe as the officials had claimed. It was a testament to his growth, he thought, that he was only mildly surprised when Luna sat down next to him. He pulled the cloak off, and smiled at her. "I don't think I expected to see you, but I'm not all that surprised either." She returned his smile. "You aren't going to ask how I found you this time?" He shook his head. "I wasn't hiding from you, why would you have trouble finding me?" She shrugged. "That's what I thought, but people can be very strange sometimes. Do you think you're ready for tomorrow?" Harry laughed. "About as ready as I'm going to get. It's a maze, so there's not much I can do. Can't be much worse than the first two tasks though, can it?" Luna put her hand over Harry's, and he turned to look at her, startled. "It will be, but you'll survive. I imagine you'll be quite busy after the tournament, but…. I look forward to seeing you on the Express next year." She tightened her grip on his hand for a moment, then stood and walked away. Harry watched her as she made her way back to the castle. It was a long time before he