A Warning from the Future Between their 5th and 6th years, Harry and Hermione meet someone who will change the course of their lives and ultimately help finish Voldemort. Alternate. Adventure/Family/ Romance. Harry&Hermione. Neville&Luna. OC&OC A/N: You may recognize this chapter as an edited version of randompandattack 's one-shot of the same title. I was taken by this story and asked for permission to turn it into a multi-chapter story. So, this is a the beginning of that story. I hope you'll enjoy. Chapter One: Rose Weasley Privet Drive was empty when she arrived so nobody noticed her. They were all in their houses or somewhere much cooler, on a hot, muggy July 14th late morning. She seemed to appear out of nowhere carrying a gym bag in one hand and what appeared to be a pocket watch in the other. The girl's outfit spoke of poverty or at least a hard life. She wore a pair of blue jean overalls with various holes in them and a white t-shirt underneath that. Her shoes were worn and her brownish red hair was frizzy. She was tall for her age and a bit gangly. And despite a missing tooth in her top row she had a pretty smile. Not that she was smiling now. No, she looked nervous and was looking both ways suspiciously. Mentally deciding where to go next she headed left down Privet Drive past a few houses. Her pace slowed a bit as she tried to appear inconspicuous to the locals. She soon arrived in front of a house that belonged to the Dursleys. The house reeked of conformity as it matched the ones on either end to a T. The only thing that stood out would've been the bespectacled teenage male digging through the garden pulling weeds. He was sweating and cursing in old clothes much too big for someone his size. A drop of sweat fell onto the glasses and as he tried to wipe it off he only managed to get a glob of dirt on it instead. Cursing quietly he wiped his hands on his pants. "Excuse me." Though the voice hadn't been very loud at all (quite quiet in fact) the boy was still startled. Turning around, he saw this suspicious girl standing in front of his relatives' house. He had never seen her around Privet Drive or the surrounding area and wondered briefly whether she had moved in when he had been at school. "Oh hello." He got to his feet. "Can I help you?" "That depends. Are you Harry Potter?" "Well yeah." Harry Potter answered. A feeling of slight confusion ran through his mind as to why any Muggle would be looking for him rather than his uncle or cousin. "That's good." Her thin lips moved up to an almost smile for a moment. "You do look familiar." "Were you looking for me?" The girl nodded. "I need to talk to you about something important. Is that okay?" Harry shrugged. "I guess so. What is it?" Her eyes darted left and then right before focusing back on him. "I…I can't tell you here. Do you think we could go inside?" Harry hesitated at this. Normally the answer would be an outright no. Not that he was rude but it was his relatives' house and they liked him as much as rock n roll. With them home it would've been impossible and he instead might've suggested somewhere else. However right now his relatives had gone out for the afternoon and for dinner and wouldn't be back for a few hours. "I…guess so. " He answered after a few seconds. "As long as it doesn't take too long." "Thank you." The girl said. Harry walked over to the door and let her in. He looked at the clock to see it was 11:45 and he still had plenty of time. "Let's go up to my room." He said as they walked toward the stairs. "I'd offer you something to drink in the kitchen instead but my relatives would punish me severely if they found out." The girl said nothing just followed him upstairs. She looked around briefly, but mostly kept her attention on Harry. They reached his room and walked in. Though the room was clean there wasn't much room to sit. "You can sit on my bed if you want." Harry offered. "No, I think you should. You'll need to be sitting down when you hear what it is I have to say." Harry didn't object but sat down on his creaky bed. The girl just stood there swinging her arms back and forth nervously. "So who are you exactly?" Harry asked. "My name is Rose Weasley, and I'm from the future." Harry blinked. "Is this a joke?" "I'm very serious Harry. I'm a magical, like you." She then reached into the right pocket of her overalls and pulled out a wand. "Oh hey, you are." He said surprised. "You should've said that first. But what do you mean you're from the future? I thought Time Turners only went a few hours either way. And did you say you were a Weasley?" "I'm from over twenty years in the future where the Unspeakables managed to create a Time Turner a hundred times as powerful as the normal one. However because of certain side effects and the danger level it was kept locked up." "Then why do you have it?" Harry asked. "Well I…" Rose looked embarrassed. "I stole it." "…Maybe we should back up." Harry suggested. "Let's pretend for a minute that I believe your story. Why did you go back in time to talk to me?" "I came back to warn you Harry." She sounded gravely serious. "Something horrible is going to happen that might seem small but it will end up ruining your whole life." "What is it?" Harry asked. "Is it Voldemort? Does he…kill me?" Rose shook her head. "No Harry, you manage to kill Voldemort." "I do?" Harry asked incredulous. "Okay now I'm really confused. Is there some other Dark Lord I'm going to run into? Is it Malfoy?" "It's not a Dark Lord." She said putting her hands on his shoulders to keep him from jumping to anymore conclusions. "It's not one of your enemies but one of your allies you have to worry about." "You're saying…one of my friends is going to betray me?" "It's not that simple. Harry…I know about the girl you love." "L-Love?" He stuttered. "What do you mean?" "You love a girl right now." Rose explained. "And secretly she loves you back. But you're both too nervous to tell the other. Then you're bewitched to love someone else and you both spend the rest of your lives miserable. Sounds pretty horrible right?" "I'm not sure if I should be surprised or angry." Harry said and despite what he said he looked rather pissed. "This is…this is stupid. I'd have to be an idiot to believe you." "But it's true!" Rose cried out. "Then prove it!" Harry yelled back. "What's the name of the girl I love? You should at least be able to tell me that." "Hermione Granger." She whispered. Harry opened his mouth then shut it. "Who are you?" He asked again. "I come from a future I know shouldn't exist." She answered. "My name is Rose Weasley and my parents are Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger." It was like a slap to Harry's face. The figurative bomb just exploded in his face from a sentence that was stranger than fiction. It was so ridiculous Harry momentarily believed her. Questions ran through his mind but he only said one word. "Explain." Rose sighed. "I'm glad you're willing to listen to me seriously now. Let me tell you my story. In the future I come from, you Harry Potter managed to defeat the Dark Lord Voldemort when you were seventeen at the end of what would have been your seventh year had you gone to Hogwarts." "You, Hermione and Ron all lived through the war though many others died. A few years later you married Ginny Weasley and Hermione married Ron." "Wait wait!" Harry interrupted. "How did that happen? I could never imagine Hermione ever liking Ron. And I've rarely seen Ginny as anything more than a little sister. I mean I've only had like three conversations with the girl. And after last year, when they seemed to buy the Ministry line, romance and marriage is a big pill to swallow." "I have to back up for that." Rose paused. "When you and Hermione were in sixth year you were both fed love potions in order for you to fall in love with Ginny and Hermione with Ron. They worked and in my time, you both were fed them for years afterward." "But who would do that?" Harry asked. "It was my grandmother Molly Weasley. She wanted both of you to be part of her family but knew neither of you were attracted to her children. After telling her daughter a story about how she used a love potion on her husband she convinced Ginny to give you one and that eventually you'd really fall in love with her. This of course was a lie but after doing it for years she had no choice but to continue." "Ron on the other hand was much easier to convince. She merely explained that the love potion would get Hermione to want him and he was sold. Convinced he was finally getting something you weren't and that it was on his mother's orders he fed it to Hermione guilt free." "That's…horrible." Harry said looking disgusted. "I knew Ron made mistakes but I never thought…" "Let me get back to my story." Rose said patting Harry on the back. "I was born along with my brother Hugo and we lived with our parents. We never had any money because Ron felt as the man of the house only he could have a job and rarely allowed Hermione to do anything. Unfortunately he couldn't keep one for very long so we would occasionally live with his mom until he got some money." "I…hated my life." She stated plainly. "My mother was broken and defeated. My father never paid any attention to us unless he was drunk. And then it was just to beat me. School wasn't much better. Everyone treated me differently because of who I was so I didn't have any friends. In other words I hated my life. The only thing I ever remember liking were the stories my mother used to tell me about her youth. The only time she ever looked happy was when she told those stories. Reading between the lines, I figured out she was in love with you until her sixth year when suddenly her feelings changed. For some reason she fell in love with my father. I put two and two together and it wasn't hard to realize she'd been fed love potions. After a little investigation I found proof. "I was absolutely disgusted with my own family," she spat out. "After that I no longer wished to be called a Weasley. I decided to go back in time and try to help you Harry. I want to make sure those things don't come to pass this time around." "I…I don't know what to say." Harry was glad he was sitting down. Taking all that in was just blowing his mind. "I've had some big surprises in my life but this…this is just ridiculous. The only thing I can even compare is when I learned I was a wizard." "It's going to be okay Harry," Rose said reassuringly. "Now that I'm here we can prevent that future from ever happening." "But if we change the future…won't you cease to exist?" Harry asked. "After all if Ron and Hermione don't get together you won't ever be born." Rose gave a faint smile. "Actually I'll be fine because I'm not