Hogwarts Express, Monday, 1 September 1975 Laz sat quietly in his otherwise empty compartment, absorbing his year five transfiguration text. Though it was the fifth time he'd done so, he was determined to wring every single nuance and erg of knowledge out of it he possibly could. He wasn't taking the last three years offered by the Scottish school lightly. With the current troubles, every single drop of knowledge and expertise he could extract from the faculty could mean life or death down the line. He boarded the Express at 9:45, the earliest the platform was open, and found an out-of-the-way compartment at the back of the train and settled in. The Express had barely left the station, when the door opened and a girl about his age dragged her trunk inside. "I hope you don't mind sharing," she said as Laz stood, and stowed her trunk, hefting it with an ease belying his short and rather scrawny appearance. "Never in life, please take a seat, be comfortable." Laz took a good look at his compartment mate. She was of medium height, perhaps six centimetres taller than his own 1.66 metres. Her figure wouldn't be considered voluptuous, more like a gymnast's, though stronger looking. She had defined, lithe muscles, without leaving anyone in doubt that she was a girl. She might have been about 70 kilograms, some nine kilos heavier than Laz. She was the classic 'English Rose'; dark strawberry blonde, nearly red hair; pale, fair skin noticeably without freckles, cerulean eyes. There was a bit of bulldog about her frank, friendly and open expression. She was quite attractive, in his opinion, and Laz found himself glad for her company. She was wearing school robes and wore a badge with a big 'P' on it. "I'm Lazarus Long, call me Laz. Glad to meet you." I'm glad to meet you too; I'm Amelia Bones. . ." Her voice, a bit low-pitched , but with a lilt to it, trailed off as she got a good look at her new acquaintance. He was shorter, and lighter than she was, though not lightly built, he was closer to a medium build, with the promise of some real muscle if he gained some weight and trained. He had wiry muscles, his movements were graceful and light of foot. His face gave her pause. Despite a pinched look to his features that made her wonder ifhe'd known privations in the past, they were regular, pleasing,with more than a hint ofstrengthalong his jaw. The young man impressed her as someone who might give a smidge, but then dig in and give you a fight; she thought a schoolyard bully would think twice about accosting him, his height and weight notwithstanding.Oddly, he was practically a younger and smaller version of one of the flamboyant students in the year below hers; but his eyes looked much like those of one of her best friends. The similarly to people she knew wasn't what gave her pause; it was the look in those eyes that had caused her voice to trail off. There was seriousness in them, determination, clear intelligence. But she didn't know how to react to other things in them she saw. First, he had to be new to Hogwarts; he'd been reading a fifth year textbook, but she knew she'd never seen him before. So, he must be new to the school, but he didn't have that combined look of wonder and trepidation expected from someone in an unfamiliar situation, rather, she saw expectation, along with a hint of impatience, a desire to get on with it. She noticed something else in his gaze she didn't expect. There was a feeling of experience, beyond his years, paid for with a price of pain. Some of her dad's friends, veteran Aurors who'd fought Grindelwald and now He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named had this look in their unguarded moments, when they forgot she was in the room too. Both teens found the other intriguing, with the promise of a friendship (and more than a hint of something more... interesting perhaps, in Amelia's mind) in the wings. "Please, forgive my lack of manners, Lazarus, it's just that your looks reminded me of a couple of people I know, actually people on the Express and you'll meet at school. It threw me off a second, I'm Amelia Bones, as I said and I'm starting my sixth year. I noticed your book, so I'm imagining that you're starting fifth year." "That I am. I hope to just fit in, but coming in new this far along, I guess I'll be the nine days' wonder before hopefully becoming obscure. I hear the last three years up to the NEWTs are intense and I intend to be very focused. I've learned that what you know and don't can make a big difference in your own life and that of those you're around. I'd been too lax and it cost me a bit, so I've turned over a new leaf , I guess." He couldn't have told you why he'd abandoned his usual habit of walling himself off, but there was something about her that made him take a chance. "What about you?" "I'm beginning sixth year and I can tell you that there is a lot more pressure on you in fifth year than in the first four years. I'm told sixth year is even harder, but I don't know if it is because the material is so much harder, or because you have to learn to cast spells silently and all the time, except when you're actually learning a new spell. The professors are supposed to help ease you through it, but some of them are rather shirty, so I'm not so confident about that." She shrugged and made a disgusted sound. "I tried to get my family to help me learn this summer and they were no help at all. They all said not to worry about it, that I was sure to pick it up quickly." "Just on first impressions, I think I'd bet on you to do great." She blushed faintly and smiled. "I remember I read somewhere that if you think the incantation strongly, really shout it out in your mind while you move your wand, you'll cast fine. It also said that, if you're strong enough, your will can make the magic you want, even if you don't have a spell. Try a Lumos, just thinking and don't move your lips at all." Amelia held out her wand and thought loudly Lumos . She laughed when her wand lit up. "Knew you could do it! Now it's practice, practice, practice! Even if you're in your house rooms, only cast silently. I bet your professors will love you. So, what career do you plan to pursue?" Amelia didn't get a chance to reply. The door to the compartment opened. An older-looking boy and a girl his age stood there. The boy was 180 cm tall, a bit stocky, with brown hair and eyes and a friendly, open look. He wore a badge emblazoned with 'HB'. The girl was tall, 178 cm, with red/auburn hair. She too was a classic English rose. The school robes she wore hid any details nicely, but Laz thought she was likely curvier than Amelia, even allowing for their respective differences in height. Contrasting with her pretty face was a closed and analytical expression on her face and in her eyes. He thought she would consider any and everything before committing herself. She wore a thin smile that didn't get to her eyes. She wore the same badge Amelia did. Amelia stood and Laz followed suit. "Laz, this is Frank Longbottom and Lily Evans. Frank is a seventh year prefect and Head Boy, Lily is a fifth year prefect. Frank's been showing Lily how to patrol the train. Frank, Lily, this is Lazarus Long; he's a new student, starting his fifth year". Laz shook their hands. Frank gave him a friendly, welcoming smile. Lily didn't smile and the look in her eyes convinced him that at best she was leery of him. He'd also seen that she had given him a double-take on seeing him. Laz smiled. "I'm glad to meet you both, particularly a new year mate." Amelia told him apologetically, "I'm sorry you'll be left alone for an hour or so, but it's my turn to patrol." Lily said, a trifle too quickly, "I'll be happy to keep him company while you're gone, Amelia. Would you let Marlene, Pandora and Stephanie know I'll join them later?" "Sure Lily, when I pass their compartment, no trouble." Lily entered after Amelia left; she and Frank went different ways. – LL– When Lily sat down across from him, all cordiality vanished. Laz thought she would be a formidable enemy noticing the hard, unyielding mien she'd adopted. "OK, Long, what's your game? What is your real name? Amelia is a friend of mine and she's rather naïve, for all that she wants to be an Auror and I'll be damned if I'll let you hurt her. For that matter, why do you looked like atrophied James Potter? Are you related to him? I'll bet you're just as big a toe - rag as he is." Laz chuckled, hoping the enormous flash of anger he felt towards this girl hadn't bled through his defenses." "Wow. Miss Evans, if you could long jump as well as you jump to conclusions, you'd be in Montreal next summer for the Olympics! Where do I start to answer that spread of charges? "First," and here he let a bit of himself out, knowing his verdant stare was as frigid as Antarctica. "I want an apology for calling me a 'toe-rag'; you've no warrant to say that on a less than five minute acquaintance, otherwise, I'll thank you to leave when I'm finished. "Second, I've never met this 'James Potter' in my life. "Third, people have regularly mistaken me for their brother, son, or nephew. If you think Ilook like another person, it's surely not a plot on my part. "Fourth, 'my game' as you've termed it, is no more than to wring every drop of information, knowledge, wisdom and experience out of our professors in the three years I'll be at Hogwarts. "Fifth, I was in here first, and Miss Bones came in. We may have been on our way to becoming friends when she had to leave. I like her and I have no reason to hurt her. "Finally, why wouldn't Mr. and Mrs. Long, fans of Robert A. Heinlein, not name their child after one of his characters, and give him her maiden name, which happens to be Smith? Yes, my full name is Lazarus Smith Long. "Now, Miss Evans, I've answered you and frankly better than you deserved. You can apologize and we can try this again, civilly, or you may leave and go back to Marlene, Pandora and Stephanie." Laz had spoken softly, but the force behind his words was terrific. Lily suddenly had no doubt that he could easily make her leave the compartment if she refused. She also kenned that he'd fairly answered her questions and if they were not off to a brilliant start, she'd only herself to blame. She began to frame an apology when the door burst open and four boys crowded in. The gang, just what I needed. – LL– "Hey , Lils! How was your summer! Why are you hiding? Marlene told us Frank took you patrolling; get into fifth year, become a prefect and you're on your first date and not with me, alas. Don't let Alice know about this yen for Frank, she's not a sharer I think. For that matter, why Frank? Don't get me wrong, he's a nice enough fella, but a bit of a stick-in-the-mud, you know. You two would just drag yourselves down. You'd know what I mean if you'd just go to Hogsmeade with me. I'm just