Chapter 1 – The Mark Percy Jackson had saved Olympus not once, but twice. There was always a cost that came hand in hand with achieving such triumphant cases of success. He was a defender, that was all there was to it. He was a savior, that was all there was to it. He was a hero, but was that really all there was to it? Percy Jackson was broken, beaten, bruised, and utterly battered. He'd fought his way through hordes of monsters. He'd lost count of truly how many he'd slaughtered after an hour of fighting. Most of the Gods had been regarding him strangely ever since the end of the war had come within their grasp. Hushed whispers from the denizens of Olympus had reached his ears with each passing second and yet each word had felt like hollow echoes that went in one ear and right out the other. He cared not for such hushed rumours, he hadn't even cared enough to listen to what they were all saying but he did know that they were talking about him and it wasn't in a manner that one would expect after saving Olympus. Percy had been devoid of emotion and energy, everything was fading in and out with the rhythmic throbbing of pain that was searing across the palm of his hand. He had no idea when he'd gotten it, but he knew it hadn't been there before the battle. A long- stretching wound that reached from his index finger to the other side of his wrist, dragging diagonally across his palm. It looked like it had been a cut, the kind that was wide and deep enough to have once been an entire sword sticking through his hand yet there was no damage to the other side of his hand and the wound was already closed. The only reason he knew that it was wrong, out of place, dangerous even... Was the fact that the scarred flesh over the top of it was scratched and almost pure black. His right hand was sore, it ached from the weight of Anaklusmos after hours of fighting monsters, losing his mind to the point where the only thing he registered was the weight of riptide in his hands. There were other demi-gods with him, some in front, some behind. He barely registered the fact that Annabeth was standing loyally by his side. He almost felt like he was betraying her with just how little he felt connected to the world. What the Hades was that scar on his hand? It never physically showed signs that it was moving but he could feel the ebb and flow of something hiding behind that scar. He wasn't expecting an alien to suddenly pop out of it, no, it was more like a physical manifestation of raw power that was building up within his scarred skin. Percy subconsciously rubbed his free hand across the sore flesh. There would no doubt be some questions but he wasn't sure he could actually answer any of them. There they were walking towards the Olympian throne room, no doubt to be honored ceremoniously for their brave actions but the problem was that Percy couldn't remember anything that happened. It was all totally a blur in his mind. One moment he'd been uncharacteristically excited before the battle had begun and the next thing that he was consciously aware of was kneeling amidst a literal sea of monster dust. His body covered in cuts, his arms heavy and his mind dull. His senses were barely connected to him anymore but he would never forget seeing the faces of all of his friends looking at him like HE was some kind of monster. What had he done for them to have seen him in such a way? They all knew that he was powerful, more so even than Jason Grace, the son of Jupiter, but he could see the sense of true fear in their eyes when they looked at him. Is that what he really was? A monster to them all. The throne room, the grand doors stood taller than he remembered, or perhaps he was simply feeling small because of the loss of his senses. His energy was down to zero after the fight, he could barely walk then let alone now when he was practically being held up by Frank. Dried blood covered most of his face and nearly all of his body, who's blood it was, he didn't know, only that some of it was probably his, the fresher patches that still felt hot and sticky as opposed to cold, dry, and flaky. A sharp flash of pain erupted behind his eyes, light illuminated inside his head and he got a glimpse of the battlefield. It must have been halfway through the battle because there were still plenty of forces from either side, bravely fighting on against one another. He got a clear image from behind someone else's eyes of his smashing a Minotaur's face in with the blunt hilt of Anaklusmos. The force piled behind his strike was terrifying. From this one mental flashback, he could clearly see his own face, an insane snarl on his lips and eyes of power, practically glowing amidst the harsh contrast of the bloody battlefield. Monster's broken bodies all flowing into dust and then the son of Poseidon never once faltering amidst hundreds of enemies. Both of his sea green eyes brutally vibrant. Percy was ripped back into reality when gravity had suddenly become a thing again. It felt like all of his senses had once again become incredibly sharp before fading away. Was this what dying felt like? He was sure that it was, nothing else could compare to being this painful. It hadn't taken them long before they were finally all standing in front of the Olympian council. Percy was too proud to let Frank hold him in place, not when he was under the gaze of the Gods. He'd just been the one to save them for the second time, he'd die before appearing weak under their gazes after all he had done. He saw the same look on the faces of the Gods as he did on the others when he'd come out of his battle haze. He stood, gritted teeth and a hand on his ribs. He was sure that he'd broken them during the battle. The honorary titling and awards had gone on for what had felt like an eternity before his name was finally called out. He was the last one and by the Gods he was relieved that this was nearly over. He just wanted to sleep for eternity. Slowly, Percy limped forwards before trying to kneel before Zeus but what had actually happened was something a lot less intended. His knees both slammed into the ground, one hand was all he had left to stop his body and face from making a blood stain on the marble floor. "Lord Zeus." He slowly coughed out before rearing his body up and resting his hind on the back of his feet. The demi-gods seemed to be feeling his pain as he heard them squirm uncomfortably from behind him. They couldn't believe that no one had ordered a healer, or even Apollo himself, to take a loot at Percy. He almost appeared to be on death's doors himself. "Perseus Jackson..." Zeus' voice boomed indifferently. There was no hiding the fact that the King of the Gods absolutely hated his nephew, as did most of the Olympian council, but there was one thing that was undeniably common between everyone in attendance. They respected Percy. All he'd wanted was normality and yet he was thrust into the middle of almost all battles in the name of defending Olympus. "For your actions, you are being awarded Godhood." He continued. The demi-gods shifted uncomfortably. They all knew that he didn't want that, he never wanted Godhood. "I cannot-" Percy coughed blood, his head felt light and the room began to twist around his vision, "Accept such a gift. I'm honored, but-" Percy had to once again brace himself against the ground. This shouldn't have been happening, sure he'd overexerted himself but that was war. He didn't think he'd been hit so critically anywhere on his body so why did he feel like his existence was being torn apart from within? He spared a single glance towards his hand before trying one again to focus on the King of the Gods through his strained gaze. "Stubborn fool. I was not making you an offer, Perseus, I am telling you what's happening. That mark on your hand wasn't there before the battle. It's preventing anyone from healing you and it's killing you. Godhood is the only way that you'll survive this day." Zeus announced angrily. He couldn't possibly throw it back in their faces after all was said and done. The lightning God's pride had been hurt by Percy a few times before but nothing would be worse if he denied him once again. Percy screamed, clutching at his wrist. The pain was searing all across his palm, it felt unbearable. "What the hell happened to me?" He whispered, unaware and uncaring whether or not anyone else had heard him. He felt the ground shake slightly where footsteps were approaching him and before he knew it, Poseidon was by his side, holding onto his shoulders with a comforting grip. "During the battle, no one could get near you, it was like someone had put up a barrier that only monsters could pass through... And, well..." Poseidon wasn't sure how to explain this to his son, he knew that whatever words he had would only worsen the situation in Percy's mind. "You slaughtered every single monster with so much ease and sheer malice that you became the biggest one there." Ares pitched in, realizing that there was a need for his bluntness. He had no problem being the villain here but it was still something that the boy needed to hear. "People are scared of you, kid. There's no avoiding it, you're a damned Demon on the battlefield." Ares explained, shrugging at the annoyed looks he received from a few Goddesses. They might not have all liked Percy but they respected him, and they could all understand why the demi-gods were feeling what they were feeling towards the son of Poseidon. Slowly but surely, his breathing had returned to normal, he'd even found the strength to stand on his own. He held his head high, a look of pure determination sat on his face. "How about this." He began. Artemis sat on her throne in silence, she had to hand it to him that he was certainly powerful. She hadn't been as close to him as some of the other Gods but make no mistake she was still wearily watching him as much as everyone else. Ares might not have usually been tactful or ever had a way with words but 'Demon' was something that she couldn't help but agree with. Percy was unusual, an anomaly even. His existence was something that she wasn't sure they could conclude was entirely just a demi-god. He was a 'monster', plain and simple, that much was obvious from the way that he'd been teetering on the verge of unconsciousness the whole time and yet here he was, seemingly recuperating his strength with each passing second. "I continue living as mortal for the rest of the day. If it looks like I'm going to die before midnight strikes, then you can immortalize me, but if I can pull myself back from the brink of death, then you leave me mortal and respect my decision to not become a God." Percy announced, pushing himself to his knees. His hand was trembling, arms shaking from the pain that was shooting through his fist. He continued to hold his stare with the King of the Gods who was