Disclaimer: As much as I would love to own these characters, they belong to Rick Riordan. Trust me, if I wrote those books there wouldn't be so many grammar mistakes in the first few (All right? Really? Did anyone read through your draft?) Anyway, only the plot of this story and any characters you don't recognize from all three series belong to me :) Enjoy mes amies. "I swear I'm going to kill him. Rip off all his limbs and then beat him with them." Piper was pacing the rooftop of the Zeus cabin while Jason just watched to make sure she didn't fall off. She usually slept in the cabin anyway, Chiron kind of gave up on that rule for the seven and Nico. Will was a regular cabin mate for Nico as the only one who could help him with nightmares. "I mean, just as we're getting ready to go across the country he decides to send a choppy message letting us know he's alive! How am I supposed to go to school know knowing he could be back any day? Or should I go because knowing him he's going to show up halfway through the school year anyway?" She lied down with her head in Jason's lap, letting him brush through her hair with his fingers to calm her down. "What are we going to do?" She shifted slightly to get comfortable, relaxing at his touch. "Go to school like we said we would. When Leo shows up at camp, we'll be informed and he'll show up in California sooner or later. He might actually stop there first considering how terrified he's going to be of you and Hazel after this, right?" He meant it as a joke, but it made Piper smile thinking about that. "We need to pack, your dad is coming in exactly twelve hours to get us." Piper shook her head, hiding her face in his stomach. "No move. I tired." Her voice tickled his stomach, making him laugh. She sighed as he started to get up, forcing her to sit up. "Fine. But only if you carry me to dinner and the campfire." Jason kissed her hair, whispering into her ear softly. "Deal." He grabbed her by the waist and flew her down to ground level before heading into his cabin. "I'll see you in ten?" He winked at her knowingly. She rolled her eyes but nodded. "Oui monsieur, jusqu'à ce que nous nous reverrons*." Piper laughed at his confused expression, making her way to her own cabin to pack what little she still had there. When she finally reached her cabin, her remaining siblings, as a lot of them had already left for the school year, were chatting quietly by the new girl's bed. She was telling tales of her lovely mortal boyfriend who could see through the mist and actually saved her once from a hellhound by throwing his pocket knife at it. By luck or some miracle, he hit a weak spot and killed it. Everyone awed while Piper rolled her eyes. She quickly grabbed a backpack from under her bunk and started filling it with her shower stuff and the extra clothes she had stashed away in her trunk. She even had some of the stuff from her first quest still in there, making her smile. She missed a lot of the stuff she had in her cabin though, if only because it reminded her of Leo since she had helped him design it. "Are you ready to go back to California? Face the crowd of adoring fans?" Lacy asked, as she sat down on her half sister's bed. She giggled as a hair brush was lightly chucked at her, one she easily caught. "I mean, everyones going to be all over you when you bring a boyfriend like Jason with you from New York. You going to be okay?" She seriously looked worried for Piper, and it was easy to understand why. Jason was going to have to get used to the life she lived, especially if he was connected to his mom. But it would work out. Hopefully. "It'll be fine, Lacy. He's used to it from demigods, he'll get used to it coming from mortals too.." She sighed as she stuffed the last of her stuff in the bag, surprised it all fit. She glanced up at her sister who was twirling her hand around nonchalantly. "Thank's Lacy." Her sister was somehow really good with charming stuff, like bags or purses to fit everything you needed in them. She was also good at charming clothes to fit any body type or size. It was awesome because it meant sharing clothes was a lot easier and barely anything got ruined. Except, of course, if the new Hermes pranksters did something. "You're welcome." Piper kissed her forehead before carrying her backpack over to the Zeus cabin, receiving a wolf whistle from Connor which she gave him the bird for in return. Some people thought they shared a cabin for reasons other than helping them sleep through the night, and others like Connor just liked to tease her. As she opened the door to the cabin, she was greeted by the unusual sight of a mess with Jason standing in the middle. "What did you do?" She giggled as she leaned on the doorway, enjoying the sight of her usual calm mannered boyfriend frantically searching for something. Jason looked up at her before promptly sitting down and groaning. "I hate packing. Can you magically put all of my stuff away for me or something so I don't have to do this? I can't even find my favorite shirt! I swear it was in here a minute ago!" Piper couldn't help herself from laughing as she kneeling in front of her boyfriend and held his face to look at her's by the chin. "Jason, what am I wearing?" When he got confused, she rolled her eyes and pointed to the blue t shirt with the Superman symbol on it hanging around her torso. Jason's eyes widened in recognition, before pausing. "Do you know where my glasses are too? Because I'm pretty sure you're not wearing them." He looked exasperated, only for Piper to pull them off the top of his head and slip them back into place over his eyes. "Oh, nevermind." And then he pulled his girlfriend in for a thank you kiss. Piper pushed him away before it got too heated, reminding him that they had to finish packing. It took a while, but they somehow got all of their stuff packed and ready right before the dinner horn blew, and only in four suitcases. "You promised you'd carry me, remember?" So with a sigh, Jason slug his girlfriend onto his back. "You know, I'm not doing this when we get to Los Angeles. You'll have to get one of your body guards to do it." He grinned over his shoulder before racing out of the cabin, laughing as Piper squealed in his ear. They both wished it could never end, but in the morning they'd be off and away from where'd they'd started to call home. Suggestion. Never wake a daughter of Aphrodite before eight AM or they will not be happy with you. Another suggestion. They won't be mad if you're waking them up for something important. They will be mad, however, if you decide to wait until the last minute to wake them up. And that is how Jason Grace found out what it felt like to fly into a ceiling and then crash land. "Oh my gods, are you okay?" Piper ran over to him, suddenly very much awake. She ran over to him, completely forgetting her previous anger at him waking her up by saying her dad was going to be there in five minutes. "I'm good, I think." He tried to sit up but was suddenly clutching his ribs. "Or not. Can you get me some nectar?" As soon as he had some of the gold drink in him, he seemed to relax a bit more. "I don't think they're broken, only bruised. Broken ribs hurt more." He held out a hand so Piper could help him up. "Guess I deserved that, uh?" And suddenly Piper remembered. "Shit!" She was a whirlwind of motion as she threw off her night clothes, threw on a bra, a pair of jeans and a clean shirt. She grabbed her backpack before quickly kissing Jason and bolting out the door towards the bathrooms to finish getting ready. By the time she was back, Jason had gotten ready too. He was now decked out in jeans, sneakers, and the t shirt Piper stole which had somehow gotten washed. "You ready to meet my dad, as my boyfriend?" Before Jason could answer, she was dragging him along towards the top of the hill where her dad would be waiting. She completely forgot about her bags, suddenly grateful her boyfriend had power over the winds as they suddenly zoomed past them and landed behind the tree. She basically tackled her dad in a hug when she saw him, grinning from ear to ear. "Hi dad!" He hugged her back tightly, smiling brightly. "Pipes. You ready to go home?" He pulled away before frowning as he took in some of her new scars. But then it disappeared as he looked at her face. "So, is the boy standing behind you the boyfriend?" Piper laughed and nodded as she pulled Jason next to her by the hand. "Dad, this is Jason. Jason, this is my dad. You remember him, right?" She knew her dad had a hazy memory of her and her friends visiting for the day, but at that point her and Jason weren't dating. At least, in his mind that's what happened. "Yes, I do believe I do. Nice to see you again, Jason. You can call me Tristan. Just as long as Piper's happy, we're on good terms. Oh and I heard something about my assistant being here?" He looked at her confused for a minute before snapping his fingers. "Oh right. Her husband was a councillor here so when she was pregnant she came here. Did she have the baby?" Suddenly a voice was shouting, "Chuck! Get back here, you need pants!" The little baby Satyr was crawling his way over to us with an exasperated Percy running after him with his disguise in hand. "Pipes, a little help here!" Piper smiled as she scooped up the small baby and cooed at him. "Hello Chuck. You're going to let Percy put some clothes on you, okay? For Auntie Piper?" He gurgled in return but didn't fight it when Percy came over to cover him up. She handed him over to Percy who immediately put him on his hip, swaying a little to entertain him. "Thanks, Mellie was packing up so I was tasked with taking care of him. I put him on the floor for one second to grab some clothes for him to wear and BAM! He's gone!" He reached over for a hug from Piper, giving her a quick kiss on the forehead. "You be good, McLean. I want my cousin coming back in one piece so please make sure him and Hazel don't start fighting again." Jason pouted at him. "I'm not a child, Perce. I can take care of myself." He hugged him anyway, letting go just as Coach and Mellie arrived. "I can't believe you left Kelp Head over here in charge of Chuck." "He's good with kids. I don't know how he did it, but he actually got him to stop throwing a tantrum. You got the voice of an angel." Mellie smiled at said boy before taking Chuck from him. "You're going to be a great parent someday." Percy turned red. "We'll have to wait a while for that, sorry Mellie. I know how awesome it would be to