This is unbeta'd, thus, it may (surely) contain mistakes! There's nothing as tempting as a closed door. It doesn't necessarily have to be an actual door, all I want to say is humans are curious creatures. Had your friend ever told you something like 'I've heard something amazing but I can't tell you' and you felt that almost agonizing temptation – no, crave to properly express how much you want to hit him/her with a chair? I mean, why did he/she even tell you in the first place if you're not supposed to know the story itself? Yeah, that's what I'm talking about! A door is interesting, what could wait for you on the other side and stuff, but a closed door with a 'DO NOT ENTER' sign? Hits the high lights. Ever since I was a child I felt that thrilling yet viperish longing toward the stories and mysteries my grandmother told me and my siblings. You see, being a Quileute means you, by all odds, have been told the tales of the spirit warriors. As a child the bravery and devotion of ancient ancestors may be fascinating but as you grow, you learn and understand more and more, eventually the fables become boring. Stupid, even. At least for most of the people it does. And then there are people like me who've found something credible in them. I could sense the truth hidden in the folksy jibber-jabber but I just couldn't see clearly and figure out the whole, real story. And it pissed me off. Nearly as much as the stupid techno-crap my sister, Lily was listening to. "Turn off that shit!" I yelled as I laid on my bed. The thin plasterboard walls didn't put difficulties in the dubstep-techno-thingy's way. I somehow expected the water in my turtles' aquarium to vibrate like in Jurassic Park. I was sure Lily could hear me but she didn't move a finger to turn down the shindig. I growled. Typical. Since she was the genius in our family, best grades and best remarks, she could basically get away with murder, especially since our father was the deputy at La Push. Sure, Lily was a nice girl, I mean, we had our problems, sibling rivalry and all but I didn't hate her so I just got up and decided to have a walk. When I opened my bedroom's door the sound of my stepbrother's bellow-like laughing hit my ear. I rolled my eyes but couldn't hide the joyous grin sneaking upon my lips. "Haven't TV made you crazy yet?" I asked as I hopped down the final steps on the staircase energetically. "I'm not crazy, just mentally hilarious." Paul Lahote might be a jerk but at least a funny one. He became my stepbrother seven years ago when his father, Jack, married my mother. Paul was ten and I was eight around that time so we had time to get accustomed to each other's presence. Two years prior their marriage Mum divorced from my dad, because they somehow realized that they don't like each other (nice, isn't it?), and so did Paul's parents. Paul moved back to La Push with his father, who was my mother's high school love, so it really was a matter of time before they once again fell in love with each other and decided to marry. Despite the common belief which says that stepparent are horrible and vicious, I actually loved Jack, who was the complete opposite of his son with his calm, gentle and quiet yet caring personality. He inherited his family's ranch which offered trips on horseback all around the reservation with guidance. It was kind of the heart of La Push's fauna as well since the keeper's lodge was near at hand – it took only a two minutes walk to get there which I often did since my mother's sister, Carrie worked there as a veterinarian. I glanced at Paul from the corner of my eyes while I was putting on my coat. "You're sitting on my spot." "You wanna sit down?" "No, I just declared that you're sitting on my spot." "We can fight it out," Paul suggested with a huge grin on his face, his fists drew in front of his face in a challenging way. He seemed to be in a good mood which surprised me. I even stopped in the middle of my movements to stare at him. Paul and his nudist, coking branch of dudes acted really jumpy since weeks. I mean they were strange on the whole, starting from the fact they seemed to be allergic to any kind of clothing through the knowing looks they exchanged quite often to the way they moved in complete synch as if they were able to read each other's minds. But Paul acted extraordinarily strange – he was huffy all the time, his shoulders were tensed and he jumped out of his room's window in the middle of every single night. He caught me stalking on him once but the only thing he did was to stop then grin up at me and after a sleazy wave he dove into the portentous bushes. He never gave me an explanation, I guess he didn't feel the need to do so. „I don't want to hurt you," I said with an unsure smile. Paul laughed, his deep voice echoing in the nearly empty house. I was about to leave through the open door when he spoke up. "Hey, you're classmates with Seth, right?" I stopped to glare at him once again and knitted my eyebrows. "Seth? As in Seth Clearwater?" The image of the nauseatingly optimistic and happy and guy-next-door-imaged boy popped up before my mind's eye. "Yeah, he's in the same year as me." "Don't go near him, would you?" My frown became deeper and I closed the door. That's for walking. "Why?" I asked with naked curiosity in my eyes. "His father died. Maybe he seems calm but he could just as easily explode and believe me, Jassy-Jinx, you don't want to be near when it happens." The slight hint of disapproval in his voice only fueled my interest in Seth which was new all the way around. We've been classmates since first grade but we weren't friends. Our interactions gone no further than merely greeting and occasionally asking if the other had homework. Sure, he was a nice boy, but he had his bunch of friends and I had mine, which was fine by me. However, right now Seth Clearwater sounded like fun. Paul warned me . Paul actually warned me! He never had tried to act like an officious big brother before, so why now? "The grandmaster of blaze of anger says what exactly?" Paul's former up beaten mood slowly crept into irritation. That was the Paul we all knew and hate. He crossed his arms in front of his muscled chest and gave me a sharp look. "I'm saying that you should stay away from him, That's it. And I'm not angry." "Very well, then what are you?" He thought hard for a moment before answering, "Passionate." "The computer you broke the other day in a sudden outbreak of your passion would argue with your phrasing," I grinned mockingly. Paul narrowed his eyes and I saw his jaw-muscles tightening as he set his teeth. I took it as my cue. "Never fear, we're not friends anyway." Paul's muscled relaxed at that so I laid hold of his permanent calmness and asked from the doorway, "How do you know Seth's coming to school tomorrow?" He never answered. When I arrived at the reservation's school on Monday and sat down on my chair, I pretended to be writing my literature homework when in fact I was hyperaware of everyone coming in the classroom. I was eager to set my eyes on Seth Clearwater, the other times boring boy, who was about to come back after more than two weeks of mourning. At least that's what the teachers told us. Grace, one of my best friends and practicing bookworm, wasn't distracted by the thick book she was reading and saw what I was doing. "Who are you looking for?" she asked, keeping her gaze steadily on the page. "Clearwater," I answered in unemotional tone. Grace raised an eyebrow, eyes still fixed on the book. "Why?" "Paul put a bug in my ear… He said I should stay away from him." The cutting contrast between 'Clearwater' and 'stay away' was enough for Grace to look up from the book. "To 'stay away'? Why? In case he's going to contaminate you with sweetness?" Exactly my point! That's why I loved her in the first place; our brains worked the same way. "I have no idea! I thought he doesn't even know that Clearwater exists…" "I don't think that they move in the same circles, either. Though I must point at the fact that Paul's fellowship has been under mass reconstruction in the past year or so, thus I don't think we can follow in full who he befriends. I mean, before that 'ding', have it ever occurred to you that he might someday be buddies with Sam Uley?" I couldn't help but growl at the mention of his name. Sam Uley and Jared Cameron, Paul's new 'BFFs' pissed me off. Roughly a year and a half ago Paul had a turnaround – he became extremely sick. His skin was on fire, his body was shaking sometimes, and then all of a sudden, he went missing. I've asked Jack if he knows where he might be, if he had called the police, but he just smiled and patted my head, saying 'everything's going to be okay'. He didn't look worried at all but more like if he had known exactly what was going on. Eventually Paul came home but he was different and not just because he cut his hair short for some reason and started the monokini-style of Uley. No, Paul had that a strange, wild, indescribable aura and sure-as-hell unhealthy heat radiating from his body. I only realized how much he has grown when he stood next to his old friends, Steven and Kai, who both looked like goblins next to a pigment-defected elf from Lothlorien. Quite unexpectedly, Paul decided to join Uley's branch and leave his former friends. Steve and Kai tried to hang out with him, hell, they even tried to talk with him through me but he just left them. I don't know why I hate Uley and Cameron that much, I mean, it was Paul's choice and his friends, not mine, but still, they were troublemakers in the eyes of most of the reservation's population. They were jumping down of cliffs! For fucking fun! Not to mention all the truancy and sneaking out of the house at night. Still, of course a lot of the girls at our school found them 'dangerously sexy' and 'delightfully charming'. I eased off on Uley after he started to date Emily Young (poor girl was attacked and disfigured by a bear) but I still had a spite against Cameron. He just seemed like an asshole. "True enough," I muttered lastly and crossed out half the things I wrote. It was jibber-jabber, interspersed with random words from our conversation. I froze when I thought things over again – just like Paul, Seth's been growing a lot lately… Nah. It's just adolescence. My ass! When I heard steps coming closer on the corridor I looked up and back down automatically before realizing what I saw and immediately perked up my head. Seth Clearwater stood in the doorway. Since he was talking to someone the door hidden (probably accepting words of sympathy) he didn't see how bluntly I was staring at him. There was no way he could grow that much! He was around six foot tall, which meant he had grown at least eight inches and he looked like he's been locked up