There's so many wars we fought, There's so many things we're not, But with what we have, I promise you that, We're marching on -OneRepublic Victoire looked around the crowded train station and tightened her grip around her bags. Behind her, Harry and Ginny were saying their goodbyes to James. It was his first year at Hogwarts, and he looked a bit nervous to be leaving home for the first time. Victoire stepped aside to give them their privacy. She sighed, wishing Teddy were there, but he was busy being a grown up. He was currently at the Ministry of Magic in the midst of his Auror training. Teddy had been doing extremely well in his training, according to Harry. He'd passed the Concealment and Disguise portion of his training easily due to his handy little metamorphmagus abilities. Victoire smiled, remembering the summer she'd spent with Teddy. Victoire rolled over and grinned. Teddy was fast asleep beside her. His dark purple hair was slowly shifting to blue. She giggled and pressed her lips against his. "Good morning," Teddy replied with a yawn. "Your hair's blue," Victoire told him with a small laugh. Teddy cracked a small smile. "Is it sexy?" Victoire kissed him. "Actually, it is." "Really?" Teddy raised his eyebrows. "Blue hair turns you on?" "No, you turn me on," she replied, trailing her lips down to his neck. "Damn it, Weasley," Teddy moaned. "You're killing me." Victoire grinned. "How much time before you have to go to work?" she asked. Teddy checked his watch. "I've got some time." "Excellent," she murmured before bringing her lips to his. Victoire and Teddy had spent most of the summer playing house. On the first day of summer, Victoire had helped Teddy and Finn move in to Number 4 Grimmauld Place. Victoire had to admit the manor looked gorgeous with the renovations Andromeda and Ginny did. She spent most nights there. Her parents thought that she was either spending most of her nights sleeping over at Sienna's or Grace's houses. Finn and Luke were still at Quidditch camp, so Victoire had hardly seen either of them since school ended. Skylar still hadn't returned from Madrid, but they'd been writing to each other all summer. It sounded like Skylar was loving Spain. Sienna spent most of her day in the studio with the band, and she'd kept herself busy writing songs and searching for a new apartment for herself. Victoire and Teddy occasionally popped into the studio to see Sienna and hear some of the new songs she'd written. Grace and Henry's new little sister had been born over the summer, and they had gone to see Heidi and the baby at the hospital. According to Grace, the baby looked exactly like Heidi. It looked nothing like a Rhodes. Since the hospital visit, Grace hadn't gone to see her dad or her new little sister again. Mrs. Rhodes—now officially Ms. Miller—had taken Grace and Henry on a vacation to France because they were both having such a hard time with the new baby. The trip hadn't done much to lift Grace's spirits. She returned angrier than ever with her father. Victoire opened Teddy's drawers and peered inside. After a moment, she pulled out a pair of her shorts and a clean shirt. Teddy watched her with a smile on his face. "You might as well move in, you know," he told her as he pulled on his ministry robes. Victoire glanced at him. "Why's that?" "Because there's more of your crap in this house than mine," he replied. Victoire looked around. He wasn't lying. Half his closet was full of her dresses and sandals. She had two of her own drawers in his room. His bathroom contained her own toothbrush and even shampoo and conditioner. Even the living room was strewn with her books and belongings. She blushed. "Sorry about that." "Don't apologize," Teddy murmured as he wrapped his arms around her. "I like playing house with you. It gives us practice for when we're married." Victoire blushed. "Don't be ridiculous." "What?" "You're embarrassing me!" Teddy laughed. "Because I think about marrying you one day?" "Teddy, stop it! We're too young to be thinking about that." He kissed her. "Alright. Alright." Victoire pulled him back and kissed him deeply. "Are you sure you have to go to work today?" she asked breathlessly. "Unfortunately," he muttered, staring at her longingly. Victoire sighed and pulled away from him. "What are your plans for today?" he asked her. Victoire shrugged. "The usual. Gracie and I are going to bring Sienna and the band some lunch. They're showing us a new song today! Can you make it to the studio during your lunch break?" she asked hopefully. Teddy sighed and shook his head. "I'm doing lunch with Harry and Ron today." Victoire pouted. "But it's my last day before I leave for Hogwarts!" "And I will meet you tonight at the party as soon as I get off work," Teddy promised her. Victoire grimaced. "It's the last party of the summer. I'm gonna try to convince Gracie to go. She's been so weird and distant lately." "Well, her dad had a baby with another woman this summer. I can't imagine she's thrilled." "Good point," Victoire sighed. She stood up on her tiptoes and kissed him. "Have a good day at work." "Thanks, babe." "VICTOIRE WEASLEY!" Skylar shouted across the train station. She had climbed on top of her luggage and was waving her hands over her head to get Victoire's attention. "SKYLAR!" Victoire squealed, sprinting toward her best friend. The two girls embraced tightly, Victoire dropping her bags with a thud beside her. "Where's Gracie?" Skylar asked eagerly, looking around. Victoire took in Skylar's appearance. She looked tanner than usual and her hair was much longer than it was a few months ago. "Skye, you look great," Victoire said, amazed. "Thanks," Skylar replied, beaming. "So, do you!" "How was Madrid?" Victoire asked. "I wanna hear everything!" Skylar smiled, thinking of her summer wearing designer gowns and strutting down runways. She'd met so many famous designers and models. Her dad had even made it out to one of her runway shows. "Were there any cute Spanish boys?" Victoire asked slyly. Skylar laughed. "Well, there were plenty of them." "Anybody special?" she asked. "Did you meet your dream Italian man?" Skylar gave her a small smile. "No Italians," she replied with a light laugh. Victoire was about to ask for more details, but then she spotted Grace and waved her over. Skylar turned around and smiled at her small friend. There had been somebody special, though he hadn't been Italian. Alexander didn't look like the usual boys Skylar dated. Alexander…he looked like a man. He had a scruffy beard and muscular arms that Skylar always found herself staring at. She had met him in a small bar in Spain. Some of the models had taken her there after the show. They were seated in a booth in a dark corner. Several Spanish blokes had gathered around them like lovesick puppies. At the beginning of the summer, Skylar had been quite taken with the blokes from Spain. They were all handsome and had cute accents when they attempted to speak English; however, as the summer progressed, Skylar had quickly grown bored of all the boys fawning over her. They were all the same. The other models loved the attention all the guys were giving them. Skylar, on the other hand, remained unimpressed. She excused herself and made her way to the bar. "Algo para beber, senorita?" the bartender asked her politely. Skylar sighed and thought about it. "You got any English brandy?" "Godric, you are so British." Alexander was looking at her, shaking his head disapprovingly. "And so are you," Skylar said, noting his perfect English. "And a wizard!" Alexander turned to the bartender and said something in rapid Spanish. The bartender laughed and nodded before pouring a drink for Skylar. "What is this?" Skylar asked, her eyebrows raised. "Try it," Alexander advised. "It's on me." Hesitating, Skylar peered down at the shot glass. She picked it up and gulped down the drink. Finn would've been proud. Skylar shuddered as the alcohol burned down her throat. "I swear, the alcohol here is stronger than in Britain." Alexander smiled. "So, what is a British witch doing in a muggle bar in Spain?" Skylar motioned to her friends in the booth surrounded by all their admirers. "We just had a show. This bar was recommended to us." She narrowed her eyes at him. "And what are you doing here?" Alexander shrugged. "Traveling. You're only young once, right?" "Right." "So, why aren't you sitting with all your friends. You lot seem to have a lot of admirers." He chuckled at all the blokes giving Skylar googly eyes. "You're going to laugh," Skylar said, blushing. "I'm homesick. I miss British food and having everybody understand what I'm saying when I speak English. And you know, the milk here comes in really odd packaging." Alexander burst into laughter. "The milk?" Skylar shrugged. "It's the little things that get to you." "When are you heading back to Britain?" he asked. "End of the summer," she replied. "Me too. Hopefully." He clapped his hands together. "I've got a job interview." "Job interview? Sounds super grown up and serious." "Well, according to my parents, it's about time I got super grown up and serious." Alexander shrugged. "I don't mind, though. I've had my fun traveling and learning." He gazed at her before sticking out his hand. "I'm Alexander, by the way." "Skylar," Skylar replied, shaking his hand. "Skylar Grey." "So, Skylar Grey," Alexander said. "Can I buy you a drink?" Skylar hesitated. "Okay. But only because I miss being able to carry on a conversation in English with somebody." Not ten minutes later did Skylar find herself fiercely snogging Alexander in the bathroom. "I didn't meet a cute Italian boy," Skylar replied finally. "I met somebody better." "Yeah?" Grace said, exchanging a smirk with Victoire. "And did you break the poor bloke's heart?" Skylar considered it. She and Alexander had spent the entire summer together. She'd never met anybody quite like him. He was more mature than any of the guys at Hogwarts. He was well-read and well-travelled. He knew what was going on in the world and he was unbelievably smart. Everyday he'd take her to some exotic place in Spain, whether it was a beautiful muggle vineyard or an ancient wizarding location. He'd take her to the most amazing bars and clubs, and she'd met the most fascinating people with him. He'd even introduced her to his mentor, an aging British man who was a brilliant researcher on the dark arts and defenses against it. At first, Skylar had been embarrassed to invite Alexander to one of her runway shows. She thought her modeling was trivial compared to all the research and work he was doing. But Alexander loved coming to her shows and cheering her on backstage. After every show, he'd take her to a new restaurant and rave about how much prettier she was than the other models. Skylar loved being with Alexander. Everyday was like an adventure with him. She hadn't intended on falling for anybody that summer. At the beginning of the summer, she'd been doing a lot of heartbreaking. It was a different bloke every night and different clubs and bars every night. Alexander had gotten under her skin, though. He wasn't the typical bloke, following her around and drooling over her. He fascinated her. Not to mention, Alexander was quite experienced in other departments as well. Skylar had never met somebody who kissed quite as well as him. Every time he kissed her or even touched her, she got tiny shivers going up her spine. It was hard to leave him. She never even said goodbye. They both knew it was just a summer fling and neither talked about the