Hey you guys! I re-edited this chapter so if would be a little easier for me to work with while I'm planning for the conclusions and stuff in like 30 or so chapters, haha so anyway here is the finish product of chapter 1! Enjoy! I've never been in one place for long, we've always moved before I really got to meet others. The longest I've stayed in one "home" was about four months in a small town called New Havens, Montana around the mountain areas. That was three or four years before my little brother was born. Since then we been everywhere around the surronding areas such as Montana, the Northern tip of Idaho, Canada, and as far as Alaska. But supposedly we will be staying at the new place we will be going. At least that's what daddy says.. We been in the car for probably about five hours. Heading to the place mama always talks about in a dreamlike voice. It was the place my father would take my mom to play when my mom was younger. They would spend basically everyday together, their connections would grow even stronger during those times. It was actually his home up until he was in his twenties, being born and raised there. But that was all before mama got old enough to marry him, and they then decided it was best to move along with mama's family. That was around eighteen years ago, a little bit before mom got pregnant with my older brother Hayden. I felt nervous for some reason as we continued down the interstate, my stomach was filled to the brim with butterflies. I actually had my reasons, but my parents tell me it's silly and they brushed it off rather quickly. Like most days, they never really listened to what I had to say anyways. You see, my mother, father, and almost my whole family are different. So different I feel like I'm in a fairytale. But I'm the only one not included. I'm too delicate and fragile in their strange world. Only because I'm human Yes, you heard that right, I'm the only human in my family. I'm not like my mother, who is part vampire along with my baby brother Elisha, or a shape-shifter like my father and older brother Hayden. I'm pure human, no traces or evidences that I'm anything like them. But I hope that will someday change. I hold on to that piece of me that will change, that someday I will be special just like them. But there was a 1-100 chance that could even happen since I don't need to drink blood to survive, and I've already passed the age that shape-shifters began to phase. I might be the delicate girl I'am forver. I will eventually die, and my family will live on without me. It hurts to know that I will be forgotten someday, just a memory in my families' lives. "We are about a half an hour away Laura, " I heard my father call from the drivers seat. As I came back to earth I felt my heart start pounding in both excitement and nervousness. I didn't want to tell my parents or Hayden why I was so excited though, because Hayden would laugh, and my mother would start her love story all over and the questions that made me so embarrassed to admit to anyone. Even my favorite Aunt, Rosalie. I looked out the window just as we passed a sign that read a town called Forks was just twenty miles away on the next left exit. Underneath it said La Push Indian Reservation, 30 miles. The name instantly clicked in my mind of the stories of my mother and father's time. Was that the place my mother was so in love with? Not anymore then the imprint bond with with my dad I mean, but the memories of the time together when she was still growing. Letting out a sigh I looked at my mother, who was holding my father's right hand. Blushing I looked down at my occupied lap. That's what I wanted out of this place. The story of imprints, soulmates to be exact. I wanted to have what my parents have with somebody so bad. That was the hope I had, that good things would come for once to me. Next to me Hayden was listening to his MP3 player and nodding his head to the beat of some Hollywood Undead song, taking swigs of his Mountain Dew every once in a while. On the other side of me Eli was playing "Save the World" with his Batman and Joker action figures. "Pew! Pew! Pew! You can't defeat me now Joker!" he cried as he pounded Batman against the Joker's head, meaning he was in intense battle mode now. Well, me on the other hand, doodling in my worn-down sticker-covered sketchbook with my favorite lime-green mechanical pencil. Right now my certain piece I was working on was a sketch of the dreams that filled my mind at night. The dreams of the dark tan and light brown wolf that ran through the woods and clearings in the moonlight. "Oh look Honey! There's the edge of First Beach!" my mother exclaimed excitedly as she pointed out the window. My dad slowed down a little as we drove by the cliff-engulfed beach on the right side of the road. I leanned over Eli, biting back a smile. Even though the weather was crummy with it being dark and cloudy, the view still took my breath away. Sea-gulls were diving and flying around the jagged rocks that surrounded the cliffs, occisonally once would scoupe down and grab a meal out of the wavy waters. Many more of the sea-gulls were scattered upon the shoreline. It looked like the scenery out of a story book, and I couldn't wait to sit down on the sand and sketch it out. This may have to be a place to have alone time for myself! "I bet Hayden will be going cliff-diving," dad said with a deep chuckle, but all what I could do was stare at him shocked. "Who in the right mind would jump from those?" I mumbled confused, I would think the only people would would wanna jump from those were suicidal or mentally ill! Hayden pulled his headphones off and spoke with a laugh, "Didn't dad tell you that's what all the locals do for fun? I think I will be heading there quite soon actually to see what's everybody talkin' about ya know!" Still confused I looked at dad, "Is everybody crazy enough to really do that?" Smirking Hayden looked at me, then out the window towards the beach, "Of course though Laura, you may not want to do that because you are too weak." That was definately below the belt right there but before I could response both my mother and father shouted at him. But I ignored them, because Hayden was right. No matter what anybody told me to reassure me, it didn't really help make me anyless human. I wouldn't admit it to anyone, but Hayden was right about that. I was human, weak, and fragile. Elisha put his action figures down on his lap before looking at the back of mom's head, "Laura thinks Hayden's right mama.. But she doesn't mind." He then smiled lightly over at me. Oh yeah, did I forget to mention Eli could read minds like my grandpa Edward? Yeah, well he doe. It can get pretty annoying sometimes, even if the little guy is just trying to help me out. My mother snapped herself around and frowned at me, her curly bronze hair falling in her eyes a little, "Laura Mercy Black, dont you ever think that! You are a strong and beautiful young woman! Don't listen to your brother's comment, you know he is just trying to get a rise out of you!" she then turned and gave Hayden the famous look she inhertied from Grandma Bella, "Treat your sister better and remember you have to help unload before you can go out and meet the pack with your father!" Hayden groaned in both annoyance and agreement before pulling his headphones back on and tuning out the world. I could hear the loud yelling of his favorite band start-up again besides me. His black hair falling into his eyes. Eli patted my sweat pant covered leg, his way of showing comfort. He always been the comforting and understanding one, never judging my thoughts or feelings. He was 1/3 vampire but he grew at a normal rate like me and Hayden. Eli looked just like mama, he had her curly bronze hair and her creamy brown gold tinted eyes, and a roundish face with baby fat still there. Since he was only 1/3 vampire his mind was alot more mature for his age with the IQ of a fifthteen year old, yet he still grew like anyother four year old boy. He was just super strong with being about to lift up the car easily and fast as a cheetah if he really wanted to try. I smiled at him before placing my hand on his cold one and rubbing it showing him my way of affection, even if I was not really a touchy feely person. I knew he was just trying to help, but I needed to learn how to block my thoughts better like my mother. I sometimes wonder how she made it though her "teenage" years with her mind-reading father. Suddenly the car came to a stop Dad stretched in the front seat as he turned off the Black Ford Focus that Grandma Bella and Grandpa Edward brought as a goodbye present. I heard a few bones pop from my dad's back and neck before he let out a long sigh. My mother giggled lightly rubbing his back lightly. My dad looked at us through the rear-view window. "Now Kids, just because we just moved and you have your own rooms, you have to learn to keep your rooms clean! We will be having dinner then you can unpack!" He mumbled with a laugh before letting himself out and walking on the other side and helping mama out. Hayden took his sweet time letting himself out, grabbing his bottle of Mountain Dew and his MP3 player diliberatly making me annoyed because he knew I wanted to go and explore the house. Mama opened Eli's door and unbuckled him from his car seat helping him with his Scooby Doo Blanket and his action figures. When he was set free he scrambled up the yard in his fast vampire speed. I then tumbled my way out of the car over Eli's car seat because Hayden was taking forever and grabbed my old navy blue sweatshirt and pulled it on. It was cold out to me compared to the others though, due to my average 98.6 degree body heat. I pulled my sketch book and pencil bag before quickly powerwalking my way past my parents who were being lovey dovey and holding hands. The house was a beautifully done 2 floored wood-styled cabin. There was a wide-set porch with a hanging swing towards the right side of the porch, and it was pretty obvious that Aunt Alice designed the house and I haven't even step foot in it yet! I hope she didn't do my room because I told her I wanted to do my room. I looked around the yard since I didn't look around the place when we pulled in. There was a large willow tree on the left side of the yard towards the back of the house. It immediately pulled a few heartstrings for me, since willow trees were my top favorite thing in the world. I loved how the branches would slope way down almost touching the dark green grass, a curtain revealed the thick trunk in the