AUTHOR'S NOTES: I promised a story about James. The successful businessman, millionaire philanthropist and scion of Seattle society. The man introduced in the original Errors & Omissions. The calculating and brutal monster who made Jasper feel worthless and deserving of every savage beating James gave him when they were together. Those who know my work and have been reading me since the original Culture Shock will know that I don't write linearly. This story looks back and begins a year and a half ago, E&O time. Those who fell in love with the Culture Shock boys, and many more from the E&O 'verse will find more of them here. And of course, none of this would be possible without my brilliant twin little sister, Liz. I will never be able to thank her enough for creating the universe in which I play. An original about Tony and Dane is also nearly done and I'll get around to finishing and publishing one of these days. And if anyone would be interested in Milan and his fellow hunky waiters as they encounter a pair of thirsty zombies, that short is finished and available now on Amazon ~dot~ com. Search for Spunk Craving Zombies , or for me, John T . Liz has also included a link on her blog. Much love as always to my girls, Maureen, Rebecca, Kate and Miss Pauline. The FF witch hunt may or may not be over. I will continue to post here and move to AO3 as and when I have to. When/if I am forced to complete the relocation you can find me at - archiveofourown ~dot~ org. Then just do a search for Jtrue. Anyone who has not read the incredible Equal & Opposite , or is not now reading the brilliance that is Errors & Omissions , or Enticements & Obstructions , all by OhJasperMyJasper, should go do so right now. Here is how you find them since the FF witch hunt removed Liz from this site - ohjaspermyjasper ~dot~ blogspot ~dot~ com. WARNING: This story is intended for an adult audience! There is crude speech, hate speech and adult sexual subject matter of a homosexual nature. If you are under 18 stop reading now! AU/AH/OC All character names from Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer. The similarities end there. Chapter 1: Something Wicked This Way Comes July of the year 6 E&O Time Two months after Edward began his summer assignment in Stehekin Emmett and Nasir have only been together 6 months 1.5 years prior to the end of Culture Aftershock As a ticket holder in a premium cabin on a SkyTeam airline, he was entitled to access Lounge 69. This lounge however was owned and maintained by the Pudong International Airport Directorate, not Delta Airlines, and as such was exceptionally generic and far below the standard expected from an International First Class lounge. It was, in fact, little more than a reserved, protected space on a balcony, high above gate 69, from whence it garnered its name. The open, self serve bar was stocked with Tsing Tao beer and Chinese Imperial Court wine, neither of which were fit for human consumption in his estimation. Neither were the rice crackers, nor were the pot noodles. The tan corduroy chairs were at least comfortable and it was a private space, if not a quiet one. As it was a balcony and open to the soaring ceiling above, it was also open to the din below. James was an attractive and very fit man who did not look his 35 years. His trim and impressively cut physique was hidden beneath the silk, European cut suit that had been hand made for him in Hong Kong. His naturally dark blonde hair was worn close and neat. James looked every bit the successful businessman that he was. He made the most of the inadequate lounge. There was at least wifi and James was able to send off a good number of emails. He looked forward to returning to Seattle after being away for so long. Seattle had real people and real culture. He was anxious to plug himself back into his old network. Knowing important people had always been one of his keys to success. Like Wang Xingzhow. He was the founder and CEO of the exclusive YongFang Club, housed in the expansive, Western style mansion that had once been the British Consulate in Shanghai. It was a very pleasant atmosphere and had the very best Shanghainese cuisine. Xingzhow had interviewed James for membership personally and they had discovered in each other a kindred spirit. Xingzhow, it turned out, was a very good friend to have. He was exceptionally well connected. James never had to leave the country when his Visa expired. Xingzhow made a phone call, and it was renewed, again and again. The Chinese man was older than James by ten years, but didn't quite look it, and they shared many of the same tastes. One of which was younger men, though to varying degrees. James quickly learned that while he enjoyed a younger man, Xingzhow liked boys. And there were many available for exploitation in China. It was not always easy for James to tell the difference between a young man and a boy, so hairless were their bodies. James attended the private parties at Xingzhow's personal villa on the grounds of the club, on more than one occasion. And on each of those occasions, an orgie had ensued. James' lithe, firm, toned caucasian body and, by comparison, slightly larger cock, had been a hit at those parties. Naked Chinese bodies swarmed over him. James had no idea who brought him off. Wanton mouths had been all over him each time and someone gulped his every drop greedily. That was where he met Jin. At 20, Jin was by far the oldest boy ever procured and offered at one of Xingzhow's private parties. No doubt it was because Jin was petite and did not at all look his age. He was particularly attentive and subservient. He treated James like he was Pu Yi and James had been enthralled. James allowed no one else to touch him that night. He wanted Jin and Jin alone. James fucked Jin then and there among the writhing bodies, and if he were not the very first man to ever do so, then Jin deserved an Oscar. James took Jin home with him that night and never let him go. That was over a year ago. Jin was the first young man in James' life that had not been a student. He had no desire to better himself and no aspirations apart from pleasing James sexually. He didn't, as a result, perform well on James' arm in social settings, and could be quite frustrating. The circumstances under which Jin died and the condition of his body, made sudden departure necessary. Xingzhow said that he would handle it, but that James should leave China for a while. And now here he was that very afternoon, waiting on his flight in the mediocre at best, Lounge 69. No one needed to come and get him when it was time for his flight to board as he could hear the announcement from three gates away, right where he sat. The Delta Airlines Airbus A330-200 was a wide body jumbo only outclassed by a Boeing 747-400, or the king of all commercial aircraft, the three story Airbus A380. James liked this particular plane as the BusinessElite cabin was divided into two sections. Row 4 had only two seats, tucked in beside the galley, and felt very private. James had selected seat 4A and made himself comfortable after the flight attendant took his suit jacket. Night came quickly and James slept for a few hours of the eleven hour transpacific flight. Though he flew into a new day, Delta 588 nonstop from Shanghai Pudong to Seattle SeaTac, landed five hours earlier than it took off on the same day, thanks to the crossing of the International Date Line during the night. The jetbridge was connected to the second hatch just as it had been in Pudong, so once again only BusinessElite passengers were in the forward BusinessElite cabin. James made his way out with the other passengers, briefcase in hand and carry on bag slung over his shoulder. The process of going through Immigration, baggage claim and Customs was as tedious as ever it was. His office had arranged a car for him and the sign with his last name was in the window. The driver and porter loaded his multiple large bags into the trunk and soon he was on his way into the Emerald City. It was an easy drive at mid morning and took little over half an hour to pull up to the most prestigious address in Belltown, the impressive stone entrance to the high rise called: The Summit. James got out and stretched his legs while the driver removed the many suitcases from the trunk. "Mr. Visser!" the building Chief of Security came out the front doors and down the five granite steps. He was a few years James' senior with receding dark hair. He had been at the desk inside and recognized a tenant he had not seen in a long time. "Nathan," James offered his hand. "Wow, welcome home! It must be two years," Nathan tried to recall the last time he had seen James. "Twenty six months, almost to the day," James informed. "I didn't think we'd ever see you again," Nathan turned to look in the glass doors and gestured to the guard station in the lobby. "Diondre, help me with Mr. Visser's luggage." "Diondre, is it?" James offered his hand to the well built black man in the same uniform white shirt, red tie, gray dress pants and dark blue blazer with the building logo on the chest pocket as his boss. "Yes, Sir," Diondre shook his hand forcefully. "Diondre's only been with us about a year," Nathan introduced. "This is Mr. Visser, fourteen A, one of our most important tenants." "Nice to meet you, Mr. Visser," Diondre was respectful. "Nice to meet you. I trust you are the model of vigilance and discretion," James stated. "Oh, yes, Sir," Diondre smiled. "Wouldn't be on my staff if he wasn't," Nathan affirmed. James just nodded and headed up the steps, and into the building. Behind him, each guard carried a large and heavy suitcase up the steps and wheeled them to the elevators. Nathan rode up with James to help him get all his bags in the front door and left him there. James tipped Nathan generously, as he always had, and shut the front door behind him. He left all the bags in the foyer and walked into the beloved home he hadn't seen in two years. It was a sleek, modern building and all outer walls were floor to ceiling glass. The living room in the fairly open apartment was defined by the plush, gray and black area rug beneath an exceptionally heavy, stone coffee table. On the near side, facing the windows, was a long, low sofa upholstered in gray chenille. At the end were two overstuffed, armless chairs that looked like sections separated from a long sectional. On the far side were two arm chairs with a black and glass topped end table between them. The other end of the living room was dominated by the gas fireplace below, and large flatscreen mounted above. The mantle and fireplace surround were gleamingly polished black marble, as were all the floors. To the right was the kitchen, austere in its tone with dark gray cabinetry, black granite countertops, and stainless steel appliances. Each appliance was individual, though the oven was mounted beneath the cooktop. The long wall had no upper cabinets as this was an outer wall, and again all glass. The microwave was mounted within the cabinetry below the countertop to not