AUTHOR'S NOTES: Welcome, my friends, to the continuing story of the lives of Emmett & Nasir, and Seth & Garrett. It's good to be back. I hope you enjoy reading as much as I enjoyed writing. Lady Liz, thank you for your countless, tireless hours of brainstorming and all the other attention you give me. And thank you most especially for the wonderful world that is E&O. Miss Maureen, thank you for letting me pester you with endless questions. We don't see many of your answers in this chapter, but the days approach. So, anyone wonder what was going on in Edward's hot tub the day he flew home from his trip to Chicago with Jasper and found his friends at his house? Herein is your answer. Anyone who has not read the incredible Equal & Opposite , or is not now reading the brilliance that is Errors & Omissions should go do so right now. Links to both stories are in my profile. WARNING: This story is intended for an adult audience! There is crude speech, hate speech and adult sexual subject matter of a homosexual nature. If you are under 18 stop reading now! AU/AH/OC All characters from Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer. I just take them out and play with them. Chapter 1: Plans Present Day Sunday immediately following First Thursday, August Garrett had the wheel of his white Maybach as they flew down I-5, south out of the city. He was very casual in a dark blue tee shirt that Seth had cut the sleeves off of and tattered denim shorts. Garrett's Native American husband sat beside him in shorts that were in slightly better repair and an open black leather vest. Seth wore no shirt beneath his vest and while his sandals were on the floor in front of his seat, his feet were not in them. The smaller man sat on his feet and sideways to more easily speak with the passengers in the back seat. The heavy gold Emirati necklace lay in plain view on Seth's dark, smooth chest. Emmett and Nasir were dressed alike in tight white tank tops, board shorts, sandals and their Louis Vuitton aviator sunglasses. The men in the backseat sat comfortably and held each others' hand where they rested on the rear seat console between them. "What a beautiful day it is," Nasir observed. "Why did we not take the convertible?" "Oh, the Maserati?" Emmett thought about the one convertible they had that would seat four. "I keep forgetting we have that car." "I had it shipped here for you, Habibi," Nasir lifted Emmett's hand to his face and kissed it. "The next time I head out, I'll take it," Emmett decided. "It wouldn't have done today. It would have mussed my hair," Seth ran a hand through his long, straight, lustrous, raven hair. "Okay, now somebody remind me to throw Seth in the lake when we get there," Emmett threatened. "Keep it up. Your wedding cake is gonna be full of anchovies," Seth was casual. "Oh, dear," Garrett was horrified. Emmett and Nasir laughed. "Why is Edward getting in so late, anyway?" Seth wondered. "What the hell time is it on the other side of the country?" "Chicago's not on the other side of the country, Sweetie," Emmett pointed out. "I know where Chicago is!" Seth barked with furrowed brow. "Speaking of the other side of the country," Garrett cut in. "Nasir and I were discussing at the store, that he has to get his office set up in New York this week." "I'm glad you're not going until tomorrow," Emmett smiled at his lover. "It's nice to have you one more night." "I have another meeting in New York at the end of the week, as it happens, and we rather thought how nice it would be if our loved ones could fly out and join us," Garrett suggested. "Perhaps we could all have dinner with Jasper." "There's no way I could," Emmett stated. "My boss made it very clear. I can't have one more minute off for the rest of the year." "You kids are on your own this week," Seth added. "Well, we shall miss you and think of you fondly," Garrett concluded. "You better do more than that," Seth warned. "We'll jack off together and think of you fondly," Garrett amended. "That's more like it," Seth approved. "We will jack each other off and think of you fondly," Nasir tweaked the plan. "Okay, wait a minute," Emmett held up a hand. "I don't know, Emmy. That might be kinda hot. We could get them to do it on webcam for us and watch," Seth proposed. The three other men in the car glanced at each other. "No," they said in unison. Seth gave a shrug. "Oh!" Seth remembered. "Nasir, what time are you leaving tomorrow?" "The noon flight," Nasir answered. "Crap!" Seth made a fist. "Carla and Juan are bringing samples of the dishes I ordered for your reception for dinner tomorrow." "Then I will take the red eye," Nasir was easy. "Okay, good. Shew," Seth was relieved. "Though really, if Emmett is happy, I am happy," Nasir squeezed his lover's hand. "I'm happy for any reason that delays your departure. Now I get you for dinner too," Emmett smiled. "I am happy too," Nasir smiled back. Garrett drove them through busy little downtown Kent, past Lake Meridian and on into Covington. Once they passed the Covington Home Depot they knew they were very nearly there. Just past the middle school was the Methodist church that sat on the corner of the street into Edward's neighborhood. Garrett turned onto Edward's street and just as he did so, they encountered two women. They walked along the side of the street as there were no sidewalks in this community. They wore sunglasses and great floppy pastel colored sun hats, and each carried what looked like a big iced tea, but could just as easily have been a mint julup. The shorter of the two women pointed at the car and waved at them as they passed. Garrett waved back without even thinking. "Who was that?" Garrett wondered. "Edward's neighbor, Diane," Seth of course knew. "I have no idea who the other lady is. They look kinda funny in those hats." "You know you want one," Emmett teased as Garrett turned into Edward's driveway. "Who says I don't have one?" Seth made the others chuckle. His husband parked up close to the house, taking care not to block the garage. All four men opened their doors and climbed out of the car at once. Emmett inhaled deeply. "I never get tired of smelling the air out here. Reminds me of Minnesota." "Can we go to Minnesota for Christmas again this year, Habibi?" Nasir asked as they walked around to the trunk. "Sure we can. With clothes warm enough for you this time, like we took to Colorado," Emmett answered. "All I need to keep me warm is you," Nasir wrapped his arms around his partner. Emmett just smiled and kissed Nasir on his nose. "Tell me about the snowmobile ride again," Seth quipped as he headed toward the house with his key. Garrett opened the trunk and they hefted out the food and iced beer. "Well, maybe for the snowmobile," Nasir conceded to himself as he followed last into Edward's house. Straight into the open kitchen they went. "Okay, somebody find me a big glass baking dish, or something like that, so I can put these steaks to marinate," Emmett began to unpack. "He keeps one of those big pyrex lasagne dishes right down here," Seth opened the cupboard and pulled it out. "That's perfect," Emmett placed it on the counter and set about unwrapping the steaks. "These look like good steaks, guys." "We rather thought so," Garrett agreed. "What can I do? Besides open us beers?" Nasir asked as he finished stashing them in the fridge. "You should waste no time doing exactly that," Seth directed. "Then I shall not," Nasir pulled out two Spaten, a Heineken and a Samuel Adams Imperial White. He made quick work of popping the tops. "Here's to Edward and Jasper, and Edward coming home from Chicago with good news," Emmett held out his beer. "I'll drink to that," Garrett agreed. "Indeed," Nasir echoed the sentiment. "Hear, hear, Emmy," Seth touched the neck of his bottle with the others and they all took a swig. "We have a little while. Wanna go down by the lake?" Emmett asked. "Let me just cover this with plastic and stick it in the fridge. Anybody know where Edward keeps plastic wrap?" In answer Seth just slid open the drawer next to where he leaned on the counter. The plastic wrap lay beside the aluminum foil. "Thank you," Emmett snatched it from the drawer, pulled out a long piece and covered the steaks. Seth put the roll away while Emmett placed the glass dish of steaks in their marinade in Edward's refrigerator. "Okay, c'mon. Let's go sit outside," Seth headed for the nearest sliding glass door to the spacious multi-leveled decks. He flipped the lock and pulled open the big, heavy door with effort. They walked out onto the deck. Emmett took a moment to uncover the grill and open it. "Come sit at the table," Seth instructed further. The big, round glass patio table on the upper level of the decks could seat twice their number. They pulled out chairs and sat down, Emmett and Garrett on either side of Seth, and Nasir beside his partner. "Let's make good use of our time. I hereby call the Emmy and Nasir Wedding Council to order," Seth announced. "Little Chief Big Dick presiding," Emmett teased. "And don't you forget it," Seth pointed at Emmett with his bottle. "I never will," Garrett smiled. Seth just smiled back at his husband and took Garrett's hand. "First, flowers. The florist is emailing me pictures this week of samples he's doing of table tops, our boutonniéres and your mom and Rosalie's corsages," Seth began. "You'll have flowers on the cake table and the bar and by the guestbook and so on too, but this will give us an idea." "And in the library?" Emmett asked. "Oh, yeah, sorry. There will be two big, grand arrangements at the top of the steps where you guys are gonna stand with Rosalie," Seth added. "I'll forward everything to you, Babe," Emmett assured his partner. "If you are happy, I am happy," Nasir took Emmett's hand and lifted it to his face to kiss again. "I'll let you know in a second. Let's go back to the menu, Seth. What are Carla and Juan bringing for us to sample?" Emmett asked. "I want this event to reflect both our cultures as much as possible." "I don't, Habibi. I want an American wedding. From what I have heard and seen, it is a much more joyous affair," Nasir protested. "Men and women are together and enjoying themselves. I wish so that I had been here with you all instead of at my horrid brother's wedding." "Nasi, I'm proud of who you are. I'm proud of my Emirati husband," Emmett expressed. "Obviously, I don't want to do things like separate the women, but there are elements we can incorporate. Like in the menu. Right, Seth?" "Take it easy, Emmy. I got you covered. Let's start at the door," Seth began. "I thought guests could be welcomed with dates and little cups of coffee. I remember that tradition at Nasir's house and I liked that. I thought that would be one way to honor his culture." "I like that too," Emmett smiled. "Though I will make sure these dates have been pitted. You don't want people wandering around looking for a place to spit pits. And then I thought we could also have lemonade available if someone does not want coffee," Seth continued. "Excellent so far,"