** Hey guys! First off, I want to thank everyone who has kept up with the story and was reviewing and telling me to update even during my long absence. I just graduated from high school and will be starting on college in 2016, so I will have a lot of time between now and then to get all of my stories updated. Now, as a warning (if you are reading this), some of my stories will be completely different, both in plot and writing style. Five years is a long time for my writing style to develop and I can honestly say that I have no idea how everyone who read my stories actually liked them, as I hate them. But, to each their own! Anyway, here is the official disclaimer for my story: I DO NOT OWN TWILIGHT AS THAT RIGHTFULLY BELONGS TO STEPHANIE MEYER. I JUST MANIPULATE THE TWILIGHT UNIVERSE TO SUIT MY NEFARIOUS NEEDS! Without further ado, here is the new and improved first chapter of A Forgotten Love! Enjoy!** Chapter 1: At First Sight Stepping out of a decent-sized manor, a young woman walked out into the bright sun, her simple blue dress dragging against the ground. Shielding her chocolate brown eyes as they adjusted to the light, the woman glanced around with a slight smile on her lips. She could see men and women of all ages walking along the fence that enclosed her home. When her eyes caught the figure of several couples, her smile turned wistful for a moment before her thoughts were interrupted by movements and sounds coming from inside the house behind her. Turning, the young girl held back a small giggle as she saw her dog, Degon, being chased towards her with a much older woman right on his heels. The girl quickly fell to her knees to catch the medium-sized dog as he leaped towards her, her thin arms wrapping around his bulky frame. She couldn't hold back her second laugh as Marissa, the older woman and the girl's former nursemaid, caught up to the pair with a scowl on her lips. "Isabelle Marie, you need to teach that thrice-damned dog some manners!" the older woman exclaimed. "This is the second time I have found a half-eaten hare in my unmentionables. Where he gets the bloody things, I haven't the faintest idea, but he needs to stop! At the very least, put it in the cook's unmentionables," she finished with a slight huff. Marissa glanced at Isabelle and, upon seeing the hidden mirth in her eyes, rolled her own in exasperation. "It's the thought that counts, Marissa," Isabelle replied, rubbing Degon between the ears before standing up. "He means well." As if he understood what Isabelle was saying, Degon barked happily as his tail wagged back and forth quickly. "Well, tell him I don't want it and not to do it again," Marissa replied, fighting a smile at the pair in front her. Isabelle looked down at Degon. "You heard the lady, mister," she told him, her voice firm, though you could hear amusement underlining her tone. He whined and licked Marissa's hand several times, trying to butter up to her. "Sometimes, I wonder why Isabelle keeps you around, you worthless fur-bag," Marissa said, shaking her head as she wiped her hand on her apron to get the drool off. Degon whined once more, hanging his head as his tail tucked between his legs, causing Isabelle stared at him for a moment, thinking. "I believe you hurt his feelings," she said, glancing up. The other woman scoffed. "I doubt it. He is just trying to be manipulative. At any rate, take him with you to the market. He'll just be in the way as we get ready for tonight," Marissa said, shaking her head once again. "And here; you forgot to grab it when passing through the kitchen," she added, handing Isabelle a wicker basket. Isabelle took it, looping her arm through the hole, grinning as she did so. "Yes, mother ," she said with a slight laugh. She kissed Marissa's cheek, avoiding the slap on the arm, before walking back out of the house. Whistling, she waited for Degon to realize he was to follow her and then walked out to the gate. She opened it, waiting for Degon to catch up, before she closed it and started to make her way to the market with her canine companion at her side. IT wasn't long before Isabelle and Degon finally made it to the market, though it took slightly longer as it seemed everyone was making their way to the market today. She had nearly gotten run over a couple of times, by both large and impatient crowds, which was not a good combination, and careless carriages. Isabelle decided to just stand and wait on the side so that she wouldn't have to deal with the bustle and when it finally slowed down, they made their way to the market. The first thing the pair did upon arriving was go to the well at the entrance that was specifically for pulling up a bucket and taking a cup of water to drink and/or to cool off with. The first one was always free per person, but anymore cost you a penny. As she had drunken most of the first cup and used the last of it to cool her face and the back of her neck, Isabelle had to pay for the second cup so that Degon could have some water as well. As she waited for him to finish lapping at the liquid, she thought about the reason why her mother, Anne, had asked her to go to the market for miscellaneous things. Isabelle wasn't stupid nor was she blind. She knew the reason why Anne had wanted her out of the house. It was the day of her fifteenth year, which meant that she had to finally allow suitors to start courting her. Normally, it started on a young lady's fourteenth year, which would then lead to two years of courting before being asked her hand in marriage on her sixteenth, but Isabelle had been able to convince her parents to postpone it. Isabelle didn't mind the idea of marriage and settling down to make a family, but she wanted to be able to live her life as she pleased, which was something most men did not want in a wife. Anyway, on a girl's fourteenth birthday, there was to be a small ball that night and during the day, she would be hidden away until her arrival at the ball, which was traditionally held at her home. For what reason, Isabelle did not know, but she was thankful that her parents didn't follow tradition to the letter and let Isabelle be out of the house. It was just as well. Isabelle would rather be outside in the fresh air than stuck inside all day with essentially nothing to do. Shaking her head, Isabelle realized that Degon was finished with the water and with what was left, she poured along his coat, rubbing it so that he could cool off, especially with the breeze. However, as she poured the last of the water on him, she heard him whine slightly as if he wasn't done with the cup. "Oh hush you. I'll get you another cup, you spoiled rascal," she murmured, kissing his hose before starting to straighten. Unfortunately, as Isabelle was still bent down by Degon, someone hadn't realized that she was right there, because as she straightened, they backed up into her, making her stumble backwards herself. That alone wouldn't have been an issue, but since Degon was sitting right behind Isabelle when she stumbled, she tripped over him. She let out a small yelp as Degon barked and moved as she was falling. Reaching her hand out, Isabelle tried to grab the stone wall of the well, but as she gripped it, the stone gave away underneath her fingers. A look of horror slid onto her face as she fell backwards straight into what sounded like the direct path of a horse. Isabelle knew she wouldn't be able to stop the horse in time, so she closed her eyes tightly and hoped that whatever damage was done wouldn't be too bad. Then suddenly, she felt her wrist being grabbed and yanked up, taking her body with it and straight into a very masculine chest. Her hands automatically grabbed the tunic as his arms wrapped around her waist so that their balance could regained before they both fell into the well. It took a few moments for Isabelle to register a voice through the harsh beating of her heart and the loud rushing of her blood. Once she registered the voice, she still didn't focus on it as her focus was now on the radiating heat she could feel through her thin dress. She knew that it was from the man holding her tight to his body. A body that she was still very close to and was still holding onto just as tightly. "Miss? Miss, are you alright?" she could hear being said. Isabelle finally looked up, blinking at the sun as she opened her eyes, which then promptly widened at the fine piece of male specimen she was holding onto. The first thing she noticed was his eyes, which were a shining deep blue that reminded her of the ocean, and then everything else followed suit quickly after: wavy, dirty-blonde hair that ended at the beginning of his dark colored tunic, sun-kissed skin, full pink lips which were highlighted by the beginnings of laugh lines, which made him look relaxed even with the concerned look on his face, and a strong jawline that was framed by a day-or-two-old-stubble that looked to be light brown and made her mind create an image of her running her hand over it so she could see if it was as soft as it looked. Blushing at the image her mind created, Isabelle looked down, which made her then realize that they were still holding onto each other and that their position looked like one she had seen lovers in. Isabelle blushed deeper as she forced her hands to let go of the tunic, nervously smoothing out the wrinkles she had made. She meant to take a step back so that she could try to calm her heart that was beating quickly for a completely different reason, but the wind shifted and blew his scent to her. Just that scent alone was good enough to make her knees weak and take a very small step forward. He smelled like the forest, which was a very familiar smell to Isabelle as the forest was her haven, but he made it seem so much more… sensual. She shook her head slightly, trying to clear the indecent thoughts running through her mind, and then blushed once again, deeper this time, when she realized that he held a smirk on his lips, letting her know that he had caught her looking at him for a longer amount of time that was proper. "Are you okay, Miss?" he asked once more, his voice husky and low and sent tingles down her spine. His arms were still wrapped around her and she had to push against his chest lightly, although regretfully, in order for him to loosen his grip so she could take a step back to gather her thoughts. As she did, Isabelle took several deep breaths to calm her heart, her work ruined as she glanced up at the man, which caused her heart beat even faster. She ran her hands over her face, rubbing slightly, before it then registered, for whatever reason, that she was uninjured. She glanced around and saw the offending horse flicking its tail side to side as it trotted away. Though she couldn't fault the horse, but she could fault the rider, who hadn't even