Gale's POV I've known her since she was 12, been best friends with her for most of that time, everyone I know thought that we would get married. Then her sister gets reaped into the hunger games' and of course Katniss has to take her place. "Ladies first," the annoying Effie calls out and sticks her arm in the bowl and pulls out the name, she heads over to the microphone. "And here's our first tribute Primrose Everdeen." As soon as I heard those words I knew Katniss was lost to me she would never let her sister go and fight in the games. Katniss started to fight her way forward. I walked up to Prim as I heard Katniss volunteer as tribute. Prim starts to scream "No Katniss, no." I grab Prim and drag her back to where her mother was standing in shock as her eldest daughter walked up onto stage most likely to her death. "John Callen." Not that whinnying imbecilic, he's in my year, just some rich kid from the town who's not very smart, just had the advantage of growing up in the town and never having a problem on the amount of food he as. I started to head towards the justice building, knowing that this would be the last chance I had to tell her anything. I got her and I saw Prim and Mrs Everdeen leaving the Justice building both looking as though they had just lost their last hope of survival, although without Katniss that would likely be true unless I take care of both of our family's. I leave Prim and Mrs Everdeen to head home and as I continued into the Justice Building. The last time I headed into the Justice building it was to get awarded the medal for my father's death, I kept the medal for three days before selling it off to try and get some money to help pay for food and the more needed essentials. As I walked up to wear Katniss was being held and walked into the room where she was for all of her goodbyes. As I walk into her room, I notice that she is trying hard not to cry, something that not many people other than me could pick up on. I open my arms to her and she runs over to me, straight into my arms. I hug her tightly, wishing that I never had to let her go, wishing for this to not be the last time that he ever saw her or felt her again. "Take care of them for me, make sure they are fed. You can trade for the meat with goat's cheese and medical supplies." "Katniss, just shut up you know that I take care of them they are a second family. Just make sure that when you are in there make sure that you get your hands on a bow. That's all you need to get out of there and then you will be home." I hear a knock on the door and then a voice warning us of only having five minutes left. "Katniss, whatever happens in there make sure that you come out alive, and make sure that you remember this, I love you and I will always love you." I lean in and kiss her hard on the lips she seems shocked at first and then she starts to respond. We are just about to break apart when I get pulled away by the peacekeepers, and shoved out the door. I see the door slammed in my face, happy that I had at least had the chance to do it once before I died. I stared at the door for a few seconds and then walked away from Katniss and headed for the woods to do some hunting knowing that I will have to work harder to hunt for both of our families. Katniss POV It's been about five minutes since Gale got pulled from my room and all I can remember is the feeling of his lips on mine, they were soft and warm, and made mine tingle, he made my body tingle with excitement. I wish I could just focus on that and not focus on the fact that in a couple of days I am likely to be fighting for my life if I live through the first day of the fight at the Cornucopia. I guess there is something to be glad about and that is the fact that the boy I'm going into the games with I don't know he's not in my year and he comes from town. The townies don't really like having anything to do with us seam kids, were poor and are destined to spend the rest of lives after eighteen in a mine with bad pay and a high chance of dying. I don't know how I feel about Gale; I've known him since I was twelve and in the last couple of months I think our relationships have progressed past the point of being friends. The thought of him kissing anyone who was not me, even though we really did not have that kind of relationship, has shocked me. I'm even closer to crying after what just happened and I know that it is not a good idea to look as though I have been crying otherwise I might come across as weak and might not get as many; or any sponsors because of it. Couple of days later in the Capitol I'm getting nervous were coming up to my interview and seeing as I'm not any good at any sort of speaking style so our new plan is for me to act as though I'm talking to Cinna the one person who was not Gale that I could act as myself around. It's now my turn, my hands are sweaty and my dress is not able to absorb any sweat as it is all jewelled and for some reason people don't make jewels absorbent. I can feel a lot of eyes on me as I walk up to take my seat. I shake Caesar's hand and I'm shocked when he does not immediately wipe his hand off. "So Katniss what do you think of the Capitol so far?" Oh what a great question for you to start off with you are such an inventive person to come up with that question. I wish that I did not have a need for sponsors I could be a complete ass and get away with it or if I was as big as some of the other tributes then I would not have a problem with acting tough and witty like I normally am. "Well my first thought to that would be the food, well I guess the people aren't that bad, I'm just glad that I get the chance to experience. But I think that I like the most would have to the clothes I mean look at this dress." I stand up not needing a cue and started to twirl, I kept on twirling until I was so dizzy I had problems standing in the heels and at to grab at the seat to keep standing. "Well our time here is nearly up and I've got one more question left. Katniss do you have anyone back home?" This was the question that I was dreading as I did not know what Gale and I were. "I would have to say yes." Before I could say anything more the buzzer goes off and it's time for me to go back to my seat. I was worried about how Gale would take that answer but seeing as it's not very likely for me to live out the week I decided to not worry about it too much. Gale's POV As soon as I heard that I was up, up and running I ran out of my house and kept on running I ran all the way into the forest and up the hill to our normal meeting spot. How could I have not realized how could she not tell me, I'm her best friend. It's probably Darius or that whinny Mellark kid who is always staring after her. She just never noticed she has always been blind to that kind of thing. I have not moved in the last couple of hours, and all of my joints are stiff. So I get up and spend the rest of the day hunting. The next day at school one of the girls tried to drag me behind the building I was used to it and I would normally ignore it but for some reason today I did not say no I guess I was just to hurt by the fact that Katniss was with anyone. The girl was just a start she was not the last I went through a lot of girls trying to forget about Katniss nothing worked I would go home and just see her on the TV it was kind of hard to forget about her. I eventually gave up on all of the girls not knowing why I even started with them, I was happy when Katniss won knowing that she was still alive I also knew that there was a chance that she would find out about all of the girls not that it would really matter with whoever her guy is. The day before Katniss comes back I start work in the mines it is horrible work and shit pay I was trying to find a way to get out of the banquet to be held for Katniss tomorrow. I know if I pretend to be sick she will know she can always tell when I'm lying. In the end I decide to pretend to be sick and go hunting in some new place we have never been. Katniss POV I arrive back to the District 12 train station, everyone but the one person I was looking for was standing there. I know where he is he's gone hunting he's trying to avoid me, in the time that I've been away he's probably managed to find himself new hunting spots. I've been taken to the Mayor's house to get ready for the banquet, I've got hours before the start of the banquet so I decide to head into the forest to try and find Gale knowing that he would not be going to the banquet. I headed back to old house and got my father's hunting clothes and changed into them before heading out into the forest to try and find Gale. Knowing it would not be that long since he got off work he would not be very far into the forest knowing that he would have stopped off to pick up one of my father's bows. I grabbed my favourite bow and started trying track Gale. His path would lead him to the lake the one place in the forest that I had never shown him it did not surprise me that he found it. He probably spent the time that I was not here searching the forest for a new hunting place in case I came back. I knew a quicker way to get to the lake then he probably did. I got their before him and sat there waiting for him to arrive. He walked past me, I jumped up an followed him as quietly as possible but he heard me. "Katniss what do you want?" "Gale is there a reason that you are ignoring me and avoiding going to the banquet?" "I will answer you if you answer me this, you know that question Caser asked you, you only said yes before the buzzer went off and I want to know your answer to it?" I had no idea how I could answer it, it's been a couple of weeks and his feelings are likely to have changed. So I