Disclaimer: The Hunger Games concept and story belongs to Suzanne Collins. She owns all the characters except those I create. The Reapings Krystal's POV "Do I look good?" I asked my sister Lacey, who just frowned. She had this look on her face that only she could somehow muster: disappointment, anger, fear and hope mixed together into one expression. I had no word for it, and I doubted she did either. "What's up?" "I think you know what is up," Lacey said. I looked at her again. "Don't volunteer. It's not worth it. Please." "Lacey, you are saying this like we are living in one of those poor districts. I'll be back in two and a half weeks; three weeks tops," I reassured her. "You'll come back a murderer," Lacey hissed. "Would you rather I don't come back at all?" "I'd rather you not go," Lacey squeaked. Her voice always got very squeaky when she got angry. I glared at her. Lacey did not really belong in District 1. She complained about everything, and her moral compass pointed directly north. Mine probably pointed west; I could work out by process of elimination what north was, but did not really have any intention of going in that direction. "What, would you rather go instead? I fought long and hard to get the honour of volunteering this year. If I don't, whoever is chosen will be forced to go into the games." "Then I'd just get myself killed off in the bloodbath," Lacey said defiantly, the look in her eyes saying that she was not joking. I pushed the lamp off the table in frustration and it clattered down onto the ground. Lacey looked at it in shock. "I'm going!" I yelled at her. "It's your funeral," Lacey yelled, then immediately clasped her hands over her mouth. "I'm sorry. Just don't go." "Do I look good?" I asked again, taking a few deep breaths to calm myself and twirling around in the silvery dress. Flat shoes, not heels. I had been practicing in heels as all the girls seemed to have to wear them in the Capitol during their interviews. It was like walking around on stilts, except only half of your foot was on the stilt so you were completely off balance. "Yeah," Lacey said, looking down defeated. I felt sort of guilty leaving her like that. She would have time to say goodbye after I'd volunteered, but that time would be very limited. There were tears in her eyes when she asked, "Do you have a token?" I looked at her. I'd completely forgotten that tributes were allowed a token to remember their districts by. I never knew why it was relevant because I'd be back home within weeks… well, maybe not home, but even better: a brand new house in Victor's Village. "Take this," she said, holding out an elegantly woven bracelet and turning it over. I read the inscription: never forget who you are. I had to ask. "Do you even want me to come back at all?" I asked. "Without blood on your hands," Lacey said. There was going to be no winning this argument with her, but I slipped the bracelet over my wrist anyway. "Don't worry, I'm sure there will be some very bloodthirsty tribute in the pack that takes everybody else out, then I can take him out and it would be morally right," I said, my attempt to reassure her. It did not work. "Really Krystal?" Lacey gasped. "That is what prisons are for." "When have you ever seen a prison?" I wondered angrily. "I haven't. They should have them rather than public executions," Lacey said. I forced myself to calm down again. Emotions, whether good or bad, were weaknesses. Love was another one. But as that particular weakness was not going to come with me to the games, all I had to do was convince Lacey and everything would be as it should. It was obvious why Lacey failed out of training. If you ignored the fact that when she was little she cried whenever she got muddy, a habit she had long grown out of, she froze up as soon as she saw the weapons. Lacey could run, and she still ran with me sometimes, but refused to throw knives even at a target. She claimed that it would be far too easy to accidentally do it to a person. I'd dismissed that there was no possible way to accidentally kill somebody. There would have to be intent. "Look, I've been training all my life for this. I deserve tons of money and a new house for all that I had to endure. You would be able to come live with me; you wouldn't have to work a single day of your life," I tried a different tactic. If I'd been trying to reason with Lacey's moral centre, I had obviously used the wrong one. Lacey opened her mouth to say something else but was interrupted by Mother calling from downstairs. "Get down here and eat something. The reaping starts in an hour and we don't want to be late!" "Look, we are going to get an upgrade from this," I whispered to Lacey, motioning at the house in general that was relatively large and had two floors. "And most of those poorer districts don't even have this. They have to live in one room. Wouldn't a week of luxury then a quick demise be better than dying in youth in some sort of factory accident or mine explosion?" "No," Lacey said pointedly. "What took you so long?" Father asked when I sat down. "Are you ready?" "Yes, I'm ready," I repeated, something I'd told myself a dozen times since I had woken up this morning. I picked up one of the knives off the counter. Just a simple kitchen knife, nothing like I had trained with. I preferred machetes, almost like knives but longer and sharper. I turned it over in my hand then tossed it into the target above the kitchen counter. It hit dead in the centre and Mother smiled at me. "Good. Okay, who do you want to come to your big house warming party? I'm already inviting Cashmere and Gloss's parents. They'll finally see that our family is full of Victors as well," Father said. Gloss and Cashmere were the brother and sister that had won the 63rd and 64th Hunger Games respectively, and were the most recent Victors from District 1. Their parents and mine had been rivals for as long as I can remember. If I thought about it, I was their only hope. There was no way Lacey would ever win the Hunger Games. She had made it clear enough. I glared at him as well. "I have every intention to come back, but I do not want you to manipulate me like that." I clenched my fists like I usually did when I was mad, my nails digging into my palms. "Okay, overview: what angle are you going to play in the interviews?" Father checked. "Cocky, arrogant, sort of flirty," I told him. "Make sure that they know you are going to win," Father told me. "Tactics at the Cornocopia?" "Go for the weapons. Team up with District 2 and 4," I parroted. Personally I thought that the other Career districts were insufferable, but all alliances formed would be temporary anyway. "And… um… don't get killed." "Good girl," Father said. I scoffed some food and then it was time to head for the square. The boys' trials were more complicated than those for the girls as there were so many more boys that tried to volunteer. There had only been me and four other girls competing for the honour of volunteering this year. We were separated into our age groups. There was not nearly as much tension as there apparently was in the other districts. Those that were going to the Capitol already knew it. The stupid escort mounted the stage. I remembered her from last few years; her name was Hatty. "Happy Hunger Games and may the odds be ever in your favour!" Then there was a long and boring speech which was always repeated every year. I never paid much attention to it at all. If I understood correctly, the people from the Capitol were the alien overlords with their stupid accents and crazy wigs who enslaved humanity and forced them diminished human populous to live in 13 districts. Then one was destroyed and 12 remained. Every year a boy and a girl from each district had to compete in the Hunger Games, the Victors of which pleased the alien overlords enough to guarantee a life of fame and fortune. "Ladies first," the escort trilled as I finally paid attention again. Good job too, or I might have missed my opportunity to volunteer. Hatty reached into the bowl and drew out a single name. "Diamond Blakely!" A girl from the fifteen year old section started mounting the steps close to where my sister was standing. Lacey looked at me pleadingly and shook her head, but I had already started moving. "Any volunteers?" Hatty asked the crowd. "I volunteer," I said, making my up the steps and over to the microphone. "Krystal Alrich." I gave the crowd my best cocky smile, then waved slowly and repeatedly. The Capitol, as usual, would start analysing the actions of the tributes from this point on. I'd watched enough games and reruns to know that for a fact. "Now for the boys," Hatty continued, grasping at another piece of paper. I did not pay much attention to the name called, but perked up when a tall muscular boy called Garnet volunteered. I smirked at him, and grasped his hand tight when we were forced to shake hands. Having no idea what the rest of the competition would be like, being the first district reaped and all, I decided that comparatively everything would be just fine. The odds were certainly going to be in my favour. Dina's POV Today was the annual day off. It was not a good day. At least two families would be sobbing uncontrollably in their houses, their children sent to impending doom. For as long as I have been watching the Hunger Games I have not seen anybody from District 3 win. Sandwiched between the Career districts, even those with high scores of around 6 were hardly noticed. Sponsors don't flock at their doors. And the turning point: the interviews with the families. Nobody from District 3 had got to the final eight in a decade. In the last five years there have been two Victors from District 1, then handsome Finnick Odair from 4, the girl from 6, and last year the boy from 2 won. Nobody from District 3. The odds, for whoever is picked, will certainly not be in their favour. District 3 is the technology district. Schools teach children to be intelligent, but I have never been much good at that. I always belonged to one of the richer families so there was no need, never having to take out tesserae. I'm sixteen now. I had 15 entries in the bowl, which was lower than just about anyone that I knew. "You'll be fine," I assured myself. It was more my brother that I was worried about. He was a technological wiz, which meant that he might be able to use his intelligence to his advantage if he went in… I refused to even think about it. Being eighteen it was his final year. If he got through this year he would be totally safe. Another two years and I would also be. Then I could stop worrying about immediate family. But today worry was like the constant pit in my throat. I started pacing forwards and backwards, knowing that I could have a lie in but far too nervous to. What if I was chosen? What