Disclaimer: The Hunger Games belong to Suzanne Collins. A/N: This story is the sequel to my other story Three Girls, and also corresponds with the parallel stories Tulip's Tale and How to Win the Hunger Games. While I have done my best not to make it necessary to have read those stories, especially Three Girls which is the main story and is complete, this story will contain spoilers so if you wish to read it first that would be good. It also contains more detailed introductions to the OCs mentioned. However, for you returning readers and those who wish to read more about District 8, please read and enjoy this story. Don't forget to leave reviews, as I'd like to see what you think. This story will eventually go to the 69th Hunger Games, and might continue longer than that. The Victory Tour starts on approximately Chapter 5, and the Hunger Games Reaping will around Chapter 10, although I am not certain about that yet. Now, without further ado, let's start this Hunger Games story. :) Prologue - District 8 Suffra Four months, three weeks, two days, and eleven hours. The Victory Tour was approaching, just a dot many months away. She had only just got back from the Capitol several weeks ago, but already she dreaded it. It was moving forwards, each day taking forever but she wished time would go back. Four months, three weeks, two days, and ten hours. Technically it was night time. Nobody else would notice that she was just sitting there, staring off into space when she was meant to be sleeping. She was tired, exhausted, but she did not want to go to sleep. This was as peaceful as she got, staring off into space. Whenever she slept she went back to the Games, or woke her family with her screams. Four months, three weeks, two days, and nine hours. Six a.m. Dawn was beginning to come across the horizon, the dark smog clouds were beginning to get lighter as the sun beat against them. It was almost approaching another day. Another day of acting like absolutely nothing had changed. She could gush; pretend that nothing had happened. Her family was doing that as well, but neither of them were that good at acting. Everybody knew that everything had changed. Before, they had not lived in Victor's Village, and she had not been the fourth ever Victor from District 8. Nobody had expected her to win; she could see that from their reactions. District 8 did not have many Victors, as they were disadvantaged when it came to most arenas. Most of the residents had never even seen greenery. Four months, three weeks, two days, and eight hours. The clocked ticked further along, and she blinked as she noticed another hour had passed. Her mind was elsewhere, worrying about the Victory Tour again. She tried not to look back, but looking forwards seemed to be the exact same as looking back. Another Games. Another twenty-four children sent to their doom, even the survivor being badly damaged. Slowly she got up, seeing that her knife was still attached to her belt in a way that made her feel safe, she headed downstairs. The house was massive, but she hated it. It belonged to the Capitol, not her. It was luxury that nobody else in the district could afford, and she got it instead because she played their way. Because she killed to win a fight to the death. "Hi Suffra!" her twin sister, Iva, called over to her. She was standing in the kitchen, holding a frying pan and making pancakes. Pancakes. The ingredients used the make such a mixture were ordinarily unavailable to the normal residents of the district. Of course, the Capitol did try to spoil its Victors with things they could easily retract. Here, well done, you killed people. Have a free house and anything you need, but you must return to train more people to fight to the death. Don't do what you are told? We can take it all back and more. "Did you sleep well?" "Yes," Suffra lied, sitting down at the table and collecting her plate, maintaining the pretence of normal. Although really, having food like that was abnormal for them and she still hadn't got used to it. Iva narrowed her eyes, looking at her sister concerned. Suffra cursed herself, thinking that she could not attempt to lie to her twin sister without getting caught. They were too close for that. Or at least they had been, before the Games had formed a rift between them which was treacherous to cross. "Did you sleep at all?" Iva asked. "Yes," Suffra lied again. "It's okay, I am completely fine." Before there had been no secrets between them. It was not just about the 68th Hunger Games; they all agreed that they did not want to speak of it again. Suffra just felt like she spent the whole time either lying, running or hiding. And she was always called out on it. "You haven't been fine in ages," Iva said, switching the cooker off and dumping the pancakes on a plate, cutting them up. She passed Suffra one of the plates, which she took quickly. "Please don't lie to me." Iva looked upset, and Suffra felt even worse guilt course through her. She had done everything for her sister; even volunteered for her to prevent her going into the Games herself. Now she could not even reassure her, as she could not lie. It hurt Iva to see her that way, and she did not want to hide completely. She had to see Iva. "Can we not talk about this?" Suffra begged, and Iva looked away. "When? It's been almost three weeks since you have returned," Iva said. Suffra looked away, before getting up and walking out of the room, grabbing her coat. Running. The thing she seemed to be doing the most often now. To imagine, Victors were meant to be strong. She thought she had probably been stronger before, or at least she had felt so much safer. Suddenly she needed air. "I'll see you later," Suffra said, slamming the door behind her. She knew she was overreacting completely, but she had to get out. Go to her true home, which was some miles away. It would take her all morning to get there, especially counting how frequently she stopped. She always felt bad returning to that area of town without any money, especially now that she had tons, but she did not want to go back inside again. Running, hiding. Always running and hiding. She really was bad at acting. Quickly she left her own garden and crept to the house opposite, looking backwards to make sure nobody was watching her from the windows of her own house. Although technically the house was hers, her parents and sister also lived there. It seemed that she had been avoiding them more than she should have, especially now when she was technically sneaking out without leaving a note. Cecelia lived opposite her. Cecelia had been her mentor, but Suffra had never shared any of her plans with her before the arena. She had never figured out how to explain her plans if they were the only ones she had, as if somebody managed to poke holes in them she would be left with nothing. Her current plan was to survive, and to stay up forever with this thing known as caffeine as an aid. She did not need anybody to point out the holes in that plan. Suffra knocked twice on Cecelia's door. Cecelia lived in her house with her husband and her two year old daughter, but Suffra was glad that she was the one who opened the door. "Can I borrow some money?" Suffra asked quickly. "Just a little bit." "Running from your own house again?" Cecelia noticed what she was doing straight away. Suffra nodded, caught in the act. It was not just her family who was beginning to catch her out. Cecelia knew her too well now, and when it came to being a Victor Cecelia knew Suffra so much more than her family did. "In which case, I am not going to give you anything. You've got your own money, and you should not run from your family." Suffra frowned, sometimes wishing that Cecelia was still not paying attention to her. Before the Games, it had been easy to convince her mentor that she was just another tribute who had no plan and wanted to finish things quickly. Now it was less easy. "I just want to go into town." "How about you let your sister come with you. She'll be very happy to see people prosper with the money you give them," Cecelia said. Cecelia was always trying to fix everything, trying to mend the relationship between Suffra and her family. And she was right. Iva would really like that. "How did you ever win the Hunger Games? You are too nice," Suffra muttered, regretting it when she saw Cecelia's expression. As she did not want to make yet another person unhappy, she relented. "Fine. Sorry. I'll go." It felt like the walk of shame going back to her own house after that, even though she ran quickly and ducked through the back entrance. Her parents were up now as well, sitting at the table and eating the pancakes Iva made. They looked like the perfect happy family until Suffra came into the room, and they all turned to look at her. Then they quickly looked away, making it far too obvious what they had been talking about. Suffra ducked her head down and took her place. They really were as bad at acting as each out. "I'm glad you are back," Iva said. "Would you like to go out to town?" Suffra asked, suddenly hoping that her sister said yes and that she didn't have to walk on her own. Iva made her slightly less paranoid, slightly more trustful, something that she felt she needed. Suffra used to be like that as well, and hated that it had changed. "The rich part or the poor part?" Iva asked. Like all districts, District 8 had both rich areas and poor areas, although the majority of the residential areas fell into the latter category. "The poor part," Suffra answered. "Okay, I'll bring some food," Iva said carefully. They both hated the tension that was between them now, but there was not much that could be done. It was still better than the alternative. "Were you talking about something before I got here?" Suffra asked. Everybody exchanged glances, and she looked back at her food again. "As it is so obviously about me, care to tell me?" "It's nothing you should worry about," her father said. Suffra felt dread in the pit of her stomach, but ignored it. They could keep their secrets as long as she was able to keep hers, but none of them kept them as well as they thought they did. "You don't have to do anything about me," Suffra said, guessing what they were doing. "I'm just a little worried about the Victory Tour at the moment. That is all." They all knew how much of an understatement that was, but she made her voice deliberately light. Maybe it would fool somebody . "Let's go," Suffra said eventually, as she finished her food. Iva followed her as she grabbed her money, opening the door quickly. As soon as they left Victor's Village, the quality of the streets declined sharply. First there were the high-rise buildings filled with hundreds of people living in each one; then there were the factories, large grey structures letting off smoke and smog at a colossal rate. District 8 had the largest population of all the districts, so even with the amount of money she had now she could not help everybody. While the