Love At Your Darkest: Synopsis : In a world where Voldemort lives, the ones left behind must fight for light at every chance they get. But when Voldemort takes Snape's niece, Sarah Black, into his lair, she must find her own way and resist the temptation to get wrapped up in his darkness. Fourth in a series...features Snape, Voldemort, Narcissa, Draco, Neville and Harry Previously : This is the fourth story in a series. This story is a parallel story to Finding the Way (which is a story where Voldemort loses as in cannon). The first story in the series is And the Greatest of these is Love followed by Growing Up and Of Darkness and Light. Checkout those stories first, but a brief history: Snape had a sister, who was sorted into Gryffindor and ended up marrying Sirius Black, which estranged the two siblings. Years later upon his sister's death, he took guardianship of and then adopted his niece, Sarah Black. However, the adoption was a secret and people thought Snape took guardianship of her because he had made the unbreakable vow to his sister to do so. Upon Voldemort's return, he took an interest in the best friend of Harry Potter due to her pure-blood status (as a Black and Prince) and her magical ability, putting Sarah in a precarious position. He threatened her loved ones and Sarah married long time friend and former love Draco Malfoy to try to ease the pressure off of her and put her in the position to spy for Harry. After her marriage, Voldemort's interest turned more sinister as he became determined to take her for himself. This story begins at the last part of the battle at Hogwarts. Fred is dead. Snape is recovering from his wounds. Harry is presumed dead. Sarah made her stand publicly against Voldemort and now she is fighting Bellatrix. Thanks all who found this story. Hope you enjoy! Warning: T rating to start, but due to darker themes it is a stronger T. Chapter 1 : The Curse About Ten Years Later: "Where is my mama?" Five year old Cordelia put her thumb in her mouth, sucking it, nervously. "I want my mama, Grandad." Severus scooped Cordie up in his lap and beckoned seven year old Aten to come to him, "Mama is fine. I promise. Has your granddad ever lied to you?" "Oh no," Cordie shook her head, "Never." "But we heard all this noise. And Mama told us to go hide. And we did. We hid really well. I made sure," Aten said. "You did a wonderful job taking care of your sister, Aten," Severus responded. "I'm proud of you." Aten beamed under Snape's praise, then his face fell. "Where is Father, Grandad?" Snape paused and then looked them both in the eyes, "Your father has died." Cordie started to cry, "Why?" "Your father did bad things and hurt a lot of people," Sev answered honestly. "But he loved us," Cordie said. "I know he did!" "He never said that," Aten mumbled. "But Mama said he did." Severus squeezed her tightly, "Your mama has a way of spreading light wherever she goes. He made room in his heart for you two because of your mama...I never thought that was possible, but your mama has always been special. But even though he had that room for you, he still did some really awful things to a lot of people- even years before you were born." "He could be really scary at times," Cordie said, solemnly. "He tried to make me do some things to the houseelves, but I couldn't and then he smacked me. Mama got so mad and they had this huge fight and then he hit her and then he made her scream really loud. That wasn't very nice, was it, Granddad?" "No, it wasn't." "But then Mama made him scream and started a fire in Father's room. I've never seen Mama that mad before. Then, Father got so angry and Mama sent us to stay with Uncle Draco for the afternoon before Father came for us." "When was that?" "You were out of town," Aten explained, "And mama didn't know where to send us." "Mama came and slept with me that night," Cordie said, "And then Father got all mad at her and came looking for her. I was so scared." Cordelia bit her lip, remembering, "But then the next morning, Father came in my room and rocked me in the chair and read me a story. Why would he do that if he was so bad?" "Because there is a little bit of dark and light in all of us," Severus said. "What does that mean?" Aten asked, confused. "That is a question that you will discover the answer to when you are much older." "What will happen to us now that Father is dead?" Aten asked. "Where will Mama and Cordie and I go?" Severus held them tighter, "Mama will stay here. You and Cordelia will have to go away from here." "Away?" Cordelia's eyes grew wide. "I don't want to go away." "Why?" Aten asked, seriously. "Well, because your father did bad things to people, those people think that you and Cordie might do bad things to people too," Severus answered. "I won't!" Cordie exclaimed, "Never!" "I won't either," Aten replied. Severus looked sorrowful, "I know, but this is the only way otherwise those people might try to hurt you too. And I can't have anyone hurting you two." "What will you do?" "I'll take my wand and make it so you don't remember anything...nothing about your father...nothing about each other." "Not even Mama?" Aten asked, worried. "Not even Mama," Severus affirmed. "And you must be so brave and strong." "Will it hurt?" Cordie asked. "No, love, I promise." "I want to see Mama," Aten said. Severus's eyes teared. "Mama can't come right now. But she has a message for you." "What is it?" Cordie asked. Severus began to repeat the words Lily Potter said so many moons ago, "Aten and Cordelia, you are so loved. Mama loves you. Granddad loves you. Be safe. Be strong." "But how can I be so strong?" Cordie asked, her lip trembling, "I just want my mama." Severus gripped the child's face in his hands and looked into the depth of her eyes- she looked so much like Sarah, acted so much like Sarah...both of the children did, "I know because no matter if you can remember it or not, you have so much of your mama inside of you. And she is the strongest, bravest person I know," He took a breath and pulled out his wand, "Are you ready?" Aten took Cordelia's hand. "We are ready, Grandad." And with a swipe of Severus's wand, their memories erased forever, replaced by a new set of manufactured memories. "Is it done?" "It is done," Severus said. "And Sarah's memory?" "After I talk to her, I will erase her memory of the children as well. What about the inner circle?" "Lupin is working on that now. Hermione is helping." "Good," Severus nodded. "You will take the children and return, yes?" "I will," he nodded. "But before I do, I need to know something." "What is that?" "Did she love him?" Severus's face turned pained, "Does it matter?" "No," he replied quickly, "Either way we go forward with our plan, but I'd still like to know." Severus thought for a few minutes, "It wasn't love. However, they found...a mutual..." he searched for the words, "understanding. I do believe there was some care on her part. They found...a rhythm of sorts." "She took his mark." "He left her no choice, but that is a story she can tell." "And on his part? Was there some care?" "I do believe so, but not enough to change him." He nodded, "Thank you." "Thank you," Severus paused, "Do be careful with the children. They are more their mother's than they will ever be his, which is we must hide them and erase their memories from all who knew them." "It was fortunate that their father kept them hidden from the world, save his inner circle." "He was possessive of them as well was Sarah," Severus looked into his eyes, "And whatever others may think, I have not seen throughout the years any miniscule amount of the inherent evil that he possessed." He nodded and then left him to go into the room. He was greeted by two tiny children who both looked remarkably like Sarah. "Hello there." "Hi!" the little girl bounced up to him, "Is today we get to meet our forever family? I so always wanted a mother and father to love." "Me too," the little boy nodded, seriously, "I don't want to be an orphan...not for one more minute." "Well, then you are in luck," the man said, smiling at them, "I'm taking you there now. And you'll love your new mama and daddy." The little girl held up her arms, "will you carry me?" she asked. He scooped her up, "Of course." He held out his hand for the boy. "What is your name?" he asked him, curiously. "My name is Harry," the man replied, "Harry Potter." About Ten Years Earlier, Hogwarts: Sarah Black Malfoy saw Bellatrix Lestrange coming for her, with fierceness and determination. She defied her master publicly, tried to make a fool out of him and Bella was out for blood. Her blood. "Sarah!" Hermione squealed, seeing Bella's wrath. Ginny ran to her side as well as they reached the Great Hall. "I can't fight her on my own," she gasped, running. "She's going to kill me!" "We'll help." Bellatrix was on a mission, determined, manic almost in her frenzy- her fury to get at her. One of her spells almost knocked her off balanced. Even with Hermione and Ginny focusing on deflecting, Sarah couldn't cast spells to disable her. She saw Voldemort fighting with her professors, but he had an eye on her. She could feel it. He always had his eye on her. Bellatrix cast a stunning spell that hit Ginny and then Hermione so it was just the two of them. "That's better, little one. Let's see what you can do on your own without your friends to help you." They engaged in battle- casting, deflecting, the rate of their spells was exhausting. She took another breath, trying to keep up with Bellatrix, when a spell hit her hard in her belly, knocking the wind out of her. It seemed as if the whole battle paused at her scream of her horror. Bellatrix was laughing- the same laughter she had when she killed Sirius. The same laughter she had when she killed Fred. The cramps in her stomach intensified. Bellatrix had cursed her unborn child. Her son. Draco's son. It was horrific, her worst nightmare to lose Draco's child...her sweet, innocent son who had now become the latest causality of this war...of the darkness...of the mania of this woman. She could feel her strength draining. Bellatrix continued laughing as Sarah struggled to maintain her control of her wand and stay upright. And in that split moment, Sarah had a peace. She knew her course. For all her talk earlier, she knew what she had to do...she knew it deep down in her soul. " You have to mean it, Sarah. Go on." She stood there with one hand on her belly, the other tightly on her wand. And this time instead of hearing Snape's voice guiding her, she heard his voice...Voldemort's voice coaching her, instructing her, becoming her teacher. " Wield your power. And it will come like that" All those times of him whispering in her ear, teaching her...those times that she pretended to block out his words, they were now coming back full force. " You have to mean it Sarah. Go on." And she did mean it. She meant it with her whole heart. She was