Finding the Way Synopsis : Voldemort has finally been vanquished by Harry Potter, but for Sarah Black Malfoy, even though their side won, her life was left in shambles. Her baby is dead, Snape and Draco have been arrested and her path seems uncertain. She must find the strength to find her own way in the world. Fourth in a series. Features Snape, Draco, Harry, George. Previously : This is the fourth story in a series. This story is a parallel story to Love at Your Darkest (which is a story where Voldemort wins for a time). The first story in the series is And the Greatest of these is Love followed by Growing Up and Of Darkness and Light. Checkout those stories first, but a brief history: Snape had a sister, who was sorted into Gryffindor and ended up marrying Sirius Black, which estranged the two siblings. Years later upon his sister's death, he took guardianship of and then adopted his niece, Sarah Black. However, the adoption was a secret and people thought Snape took guardianship of her because he had made the unbreakable vow to his sister to do so. Upon Voldemort's return, he took an interest in the best friend of Harry Potter due to her pure-blood status (as a Black and Prince) and her magical ability, putting Sarah in a precarious position. He threatened her loved ones if she didn't comply and Sarah married long time friend and former love Draco Malfoy to try to ease the pressure off of her and put her in the position to spy for Harry. After her marriage, Voldemort's interest turned more sinister as he became determined to take her for himself. This story begins at the last part of the battle at Hogwarts. Fred is dead. Snape is recovering from his wounds. Harry is presumed dead. Sarah made her stand publicly against Voldemort and now she is fighting Bellatrix. Thanks all who found this story. Hope you enjoy! Chapter One: Winning but Losing Sarah Black Malfoy saw Bellatrix Lestrange coming for her, with fierceness and determination. Sarah defied her master publicly, tried to make a fool out of him and Bella was out for blood. Her blood . "Sarah" Hermione squealed, seeing Bella's wrath. Ginny ran to her side as well as they reached the Great Hall. "I can't fight her on my own" she gasped, running. "She's going to kill me" "We'll help" Bellatrix was on a mission, determined, manic almost in her frenzy- her fury to get at her. One of her spells almost knocked her off balanced. Even with Hermione and Ginny focusing on deflecting, Sarah couldn't cast spells to disable her. She saw Voldemort fighting with her professors, but he had an eye on her. She could feel it. He always had his eye on her. Bellatrix cast a stunning spell that hit Ginny and then Hermione so it was just the two of them. "That's better, little one. Let's see what you can do on your own without your friends to help you. They engaged in battle- casting, deflecting, the rate of their spells was exhausting. She took another breath, trying to keep up with Bellatrix, when a spell hit her hard in her belly, knocking the wind out of her. It seemed as if the whole battle paused at her scream of her horror. Bellatrix was laughing- the same laughter she had when she killed Sirius. The same laughter she had when she killed Fred. The cramps in her stomach intensified. Bellatrix had cursed her unborn child. Her son. Draco's son. It was horrific, her worst nightmare to lose Draco's child...her sweet, innocent son who had now become the latest causality of this war...of the darkness...of the mania of this woman. She could feel her strength draining. Bellatrix continued laughing as Sarah struggled to maintain her control of her wand and stay upright. And in that split moment, Sarah had a peace. She knew her course. For all her talk earlier, she knew what she had to do...she knew it deep down in her soul. " You have to mean it, Sarah. Go on." She stood there with one hand on her belly, the other tightly on her wand. And this time instead of hearing Snape's voice guiding her, she heard his voice...Voldemort's voice coaching her, instructing her, becoming her teacher. " Wield your power. And it will come like that" All those times of him whispering in her ear, teaching her...those times that she pretended to block out his words, they were now coming back full force. " You have to mean it Sarah. Go on." And she did mean it. She meant it with her whole heart. She was finishing this now- finishing Bellatrix's reign of terror. So many lives destroyed by her hands, it was time for Bellatrix's life to end. Now. " Wield your power. And it will come like that" And with a fierceness and determination that rivaled the most talented wizards, she pointed her wand at Bellatrix, " Avada Kedavra" "No!" Voldemort yelled and tried to cast a spell to deflect, but he was too late. Never expecting her to try to kill her, Bellatrix was caught off guard and fell to a heap on the floor at her feet, the life gone from her. Voldemort's scream of rage terrified her, yet she barely had time to process it before she fell onto a onto the floor in pain—not from a curse Voldemort cast, but Bellatrix's curse was still doing its work within her...and the dark magic she performed drained the last bit of energy she had left. And with the battle still raging around her, her world became dark. When she woke up again, she was unsure of how long she had been out, but she saw Voldemort stun her professors and head towards her with a fury. But before he could get to her, to her amazement, a spell blocked his path to her. "You will never touch her again!" Harry stepped out in front of him, "Do you understand me?" The whole room stopped fighting and turned in shock to witness what was happening between Harry and Voldemort. "You were supposed to be dead" Voldemort said. "Well, I'm not" Harry said and turned to look around to the murmurings surrounding him, "It's between him and me. I don't want anyone else to help. It has to be me" "Harry" Sarah whimpered. "She's dying, Potter" Voldemort said, his eyes on her, "Maybe not now, but before the night is over. I am perhaps the only person on this earth who can save her- who is skilled enough to save her" "I'm fine, Harry" she said, but even then she felt the blood seep through her clothes. She grimaced as she practically convulsed in pain. "Just finish him" Voldemort laughed, "You really think he knows more magic than I do? Than I, Lord Voldemort, who has performed magic that your precious Dumbledore never dreamed of" "He dreamed of it, alright" Harry said, "but he knew more than you, he knew not to do it" "Weakness!" Voldemort yelled, "That's all it was" "No, he was stronger than you, a better wizard, a better man" "Then why was it I who brought about the death of Albus Dumbledore?" "You see you thought you did" Harry arched his head, "but you didn't have him killed. He chose his own way of dying, months before he died. He chose the manner of his death and he arranged it with the man you thought was your servant" "Is this about Snape again?" Voldemort practically snorted, "he may have loved her " he pointed his wand in Sarah's direction, "I know not. I can believe he took measures to protect her, but there was no way he wasn't mine. He had her fooled. He had you fooled. " "I was never yours!" A voice thundered throughout the hall as a restored Snape strode in, followed by Draco. "Sarah!" Draco yelled when he saw her on the ground, surrounded by her blood. Snape looked over to Sarah was lying, his face registering shock then horror. He ran to her, knelt beside her, and picked her up in his arms, holding her against him. "What did you do?" he demanded of Voldemort, his eyes not hiding his anger. "It was Bella" Voldemort glanced over to him. "She cursed her child" Draco crouched down next to them his hand on her shoulder. "Where is she?" Snape said, angrily. Voldemort gestured her head, "Your daughter has excelled in the dark arts, Severus. Killed her outright. Her first try" "I had to, Dad" Sarah whimpered against him. "It's alright" Severus hushed her. He picked her up. "Go ahead and finish it, Potter" "I'm the only one who can save her, Severus" Voldemort said, "Help me kill Potter now and I'll save her life. Otherwise, when I win, I'll let her die" Severus shook his head at him, "You made a promise before to save the woman I loved. You didn't keep that promise. You killed her and ever since then, I made a promise to myself to do whatever it takes to bring about your downfall. Now, excuse me, I have to go save my daughter's life. And rest assured, I will succeed" Narcissa came up beside him, "I'll help Sev" she said, quietly. "Quickly, Narcissa" Severus said, "She's losing a lot of blood" Snape rushed her down the length of the Great Hall. "I want to know what is happening!" she exclaimed, but then her head got all woozy from the blood loss and she had trouble holding it up. "Oh Merlin, my head feels so heavy" "Hush, child" Snape said, taking his hand and pinned her head against his chest, "Rest your head against me" "How much blood am I losing?" "A lot" Snape said grimly, "Don't worry" "I'm not" she said, "I have you" He eased her down in the bed and propped up a pillow up. "Draco, come hold her hand" Draco came to her side, sat on the bed with her, and reached for her hand, "Is that baby alright?" he asked, worried. Severus swiped his wand over Sarah's stomach. "I'm sorry, Draco" Sarah whispered, her throat dry, "I never should have risked our child's life by standing up to him" Draco's eyes filled with tears but he didn't respond. "Draco" "We'll talk about that later" Severus said, firmly, "Right now, I need to talk to you" "What is it, Dad?" she asked, grimacing as more pain hurt, "Oh, Merlin, this hurts..." "The baby is..." Severus paused at her look. She knew already. "I know" Sarah's eyes filled with tears, "I knew it right away" "Now, we have to focus on saving your life" Severus said as she twisted against the pain. "What is happening?" "I'm not sure" Severus said, gravely, "The diagnostic charm indicates that the baby is very close to coming, but also indicates that your body has done nothing to get ready for that to happen" he chose his words carefully, trying to explain in a way that wouldn't scare her or shock her. "She isn't dilated?" Narcissa asked, her mouth opening. "Not according to the charm" "Could the charm be wrong?" Sarah squeezed Draco's hand as the pain became unbearable, "bloody hell, this hurts" "There is also considerable damage" Severus said, "Let's make sure the charm isn't wrong" "Should we call the mediwitches?" Narcissa asked him, discreetly. "This is magic of the darkest kind, Narcissa" Snape said, reaching for a sheet to wrap around Sarah to provide her some modesty, "do you believe they know more about dark magic then we do?" "No" she said, slowly. "Have they studied for years the dark arts?" he demanded. "Or healing magic to save ones from various dark spells that he has inflicted on others?" "We need him then" she said, honestly. "he knows more than all of us combined" "He