I shivered, and it wasn't the cold – my jeans and Weasley sweater took care of that. The problem was that a completely innocent creature was going to be executed for taking a swipe at Malfoy. Buckbeak was not a dangerous animal no matter what the Ministry said. He was a sweetheart – I would know, I'd spent several free periods with him recently. Animals were sensitive to people's emotions. Despite how Hagrid tried to keep himself together, Buckbeak could tell something was wrong. He was nervous and twitchy, but still just as sweet as usual. I spent time trying to keep Buckbeak calm while Hermione read old court cases about magical animals and tried to figure out how to get the hippogriff off. But in the end it was all for nothing. Here we were, sitting in Hagrid's cabin while he tried his best not to burst into tears in front of us. I knew how he felt – I was trying not to cry too. I fisted my hands on my knees. I was really regretting I hadn't slugged Malfoy with Hermione earlier. "Wan' some tea?" Hagrid asked, and that nearly did me in. His hands were shaking with sadness but he was still trying to make us feel welcome. "Where's Buckbeak, Hagrid?" asked Hermione hesitantly instead of answering. "I-," Hagrid swallowed thickly before continuing, "I took him outside." He spilled milk all over the table as he tried to fill up the jug. "He's tethered in me pumpkin patch. Thought he oughta see the trees an' – an' smell fresh air – before-" Hagrid's hands trembled so violently that the milk jug slipped from his grasp and shattered all over the floor. I flinched at the loud sound. Loud sounds didn't have any place in this cabin right now, just quiet sadness. "I'll do it, Hagrid," said Hermione quickly, jumping up. I pulled out my wand and flicked it at the ceramic shards on the ground, watching as they gathered themselves up and dropped into the rubbish bin. "There's another one in the cupboard," Hagrid said, sitting down heavily and wiping his forehead on his sleeve. Harry glanced at Ron, who looked back hopelessly. I reached out and caught my brother's hand under the table. Harry squeezed supportively and offered me a tiny, weak smile. It wasn't much, but it lifted my spirits a little. "Isn't there anything anyone can do, Hagrid?" Harry asked fiercely. "Dumbledore-" "He's tried," said Hagrid in frustration. He felt helpless and it was easy to guess why. "He's got no power ter overrule the Committee. He told 'em Buckbeak's all right, but they're scared...Yeh know what Lucius Malfoy's like...threatened 'em, I expect... an' the executioner, Macnair, he's an old pal o' Malfoy's...but it'll be quick an' clean...an' I'll be beside him..." I tightened my hand so hard around Harry's that he winced and began trying to worm his fingers free. "That's not good enough," I said venomously. "Malfoy deserves more than a sock in the jaw for what he's done, and I'll make sure that he gets it!" Hagrid swallowed. His eyes were darting all over the cabin as though looking for some shred of hope or comfort. "No, no, Rena," he chided. "I don't wan' yeh getting' inter trouble. Dumbledore's gonna come down while it - while it happens. Wrote me this mornin. Said he wants ter - ter be with me. Great man, Dumbledore..." Hermione, who had been rummaging in Hagrid's cupboard for another milk jug, let out a small, quickly stifled sob. She straightened up with the new jug in her hands, fighting back tears. I was right there with her. "We'll stay with you too, Hagrid," she began, but I knew that wouldn't happen even before Hagrid shook his head. "Yeh're ter go back up ter the castle. I told yeh, I don' wan' yeh watchin'. An' yeh shouldn' be down here anyway... If Fudge an' Dumbledore catch yeh out without permission, Harry and L'rena, yeh'll be in big trouble." Silent tears were now streaming down Hermione's face, but she hid them from Hagrid, bustling around making tea. Then, as she picked up the milk bottle to pour some into the jug, she let out a shriek. "Ron, I don't believe it – it's Scabbers!" I knew all about the Scabbers Incident. Harry had filled me in, but the entirety of the school was well aware of the face that Hermione's cat had eaten Ron's rat, and that Ron wasn't forgiving her for it. I was one of the ones who'd listened to Hermione sob about how she was sure Crookshanks hadn't done anything, then about how she wished Ron would forgive her, and finally about what an idiot Ron Weasley was. Ron gaped at her incredulously and I stood up, hurrying to Hermione's side. She offered the milk jug to me. I peered inside. Sure enough, huddled against the ceramic, was a distinctively-battered garden rat, missing hair and toe and all. "What are you talking about?" Ron demanded. I carried the milk jug over to the table and turned it upside down. With a frantic squeak and much scrambling to get back inside, Scabbers the rat came sliding out onto the table with a thunk. "Scabbers!" said Ron blankly. " Scabbers, what are you doing here?" He grabbed the struggling rat and held him up to the light. Scabbers looked dreadful. He was thinner than ever, large tufts of hair had fallen out leaving wide bald patches, and he writhed in Ron's hands as though desperate to free himself. "It's okay, Scabbers!" Ron insisted. "No cats! There's nothing here to hurt you!" Hagrid suddenly stood up, his eyes fixed on the window. His normally ruddy face had gone the color of parchment. "Disagree," I said softly. "They're comin'..." Hagrid whispered hoarsely. We all turned to the window. A group of men was walking down the distant castle steps. In front was Albus Dumbledore, his silver beard gleaming in the dying sun. Next to him trotted Cornelius Fudge in his bowler hat. Behind them came the feeble old Committee member and the executioner, Macnair. "Yeh gotta go," said Hagrid, suddenly frantic. Every inch of him was trembling. "They mustn' find yeh here...Go now..." Ron stuffed Scabbers into his pocket and Hermione picked up the cloak. "I'll let yeh out the back way," said Hagrid. I grabbed his arm roughly. "It'll be okay, Hagrid," I insisted. "I don't know how, but it will." Hagrid gave me a watery smile. "Ah, L'rena, I wish that were true." We followed him to the door into his back garden. It felt unreal, seeing Buckbeak a few yards away, tethered to a tree behind Hagrid's pumpkin patch. In a few minutes, he would be dead. Buckbeak seemed to know something was happening. He turned his sharp head from side to side and pawed the ground nervously. "It's okay, Beaky," said Hagrid softly. "It's okay..." He turned to us. "Go on," he urged. "Get goin'." They didn't move. I did. I heard them offering to help Hagrid, offering to tell what had actually happened. It was hopeless at this point, and they were wasting time that could have been used for something more important. Like a last goodbye. Buckbeak was used to me after all of my visits. Next to Hagrid, I was his favorite person. I barely had to incline my head before Buckbeak dipped his own back and let me move closer. I cupped his massive head between my palms and tilted my own down. I pressed my forehead to Buckbeak's, my nose brushing the top of his beak. "You are wonderful, Buckbeak, and it's absolutely monstrous what they're going to do," I whispered hotly to the hippogriff. Buckbeak blinked back at me. "But you're much better than them. So you hold that gorgeous head of yours high and don't let them see you nervous, alright? Can you do that for me?" Like he could understand me, Buckbeak lifted his head a little higher, bonking my forehead with his and giving a soft, comforting cry. I gave him one last scratch under the chin, one behind the wings, and then I hurried after Harry and the others, wiping tears from my eyes. Harry threw the cloak over all of us just as we heard voices at the front of the cabin. Hagrid looked at the place where we had last been seen. "Go quick," he said hoarsely. "Don' listen..." And he strode back into his cabin as someone knocked at the front door. Slowly, in a kind of horrified trance, we set off silently around Hagrid's house. As we reached the other side, the front door closed with a sharp snap. "Please, let's hurry," Hermione whispered. "I can't stand it, I can't bear it..." We started up the sloping lawn toward the castle. The sun was sinking fast now; the sky had turned to a clear, purple-tinged gray, but to the west there was a ruby-red glow. I remembered with another shiver the saying 'red sky at night, sailor's delight.' I had no idea about any sailors, but what I was feeling was the opposite of delight. Ron stopped dead. "Oh, please, Ron," Hermione begged. "It's Scabbers… he won't… stay put…" Ron was bent over, trying to keep Scabbers in his pocket, but the rat was going berserk; squeaking madly, twisting and flailing, trying to sink his teeth into Ron's hand. I reached out, trying to help. I had a way with animals, Hagrid had said it before. But when Scabbers saw my hand he started thrashing worse than ever. Quickly I pulled back, bemused. "Scabbers, it's me, you idiot, it's Ron!" Ron hissed. They heard a door open behind them and men's voices. "Oh, Ron, please let's move, they're going to do it!" Hermione pleaded. "Okay - Scabbers, stay put-" We walked forward, a rumble of voices coming up from the cabin. Ron stopped again. "I can't hold him - Scabbers, shut up, everyone'll hear us –" The rat was squealing wildly, but not loudly enough to cover up the sounds drifting from Hagrid's garden. I considered turning away, I really did. A large part of me didn't want to see Buckbeak die. But then I realized – I told him to hold his head high and be proud. I couldn't turn away now, no matter how much the idea of Buckbeak being in two pieces made my lunch lurch in my stomach. There was a jumble of indistinct male voices, a silence, and then, without warning, the unmistakable swish and thud of an axe. It was so red was my first dizzy thought as Buckbeak's head hit the ground in a burst of blood. His body collapsed behind it, mismatched feet faintly twitching. His gorgeous golden eyes were dim and his feathers seemed to lose their luster. One strong wing was crumbled uncomfortably under the body. But he'd done what I asked. Buckbeak had held his head high. Biting my lip to fight down a whimper and studiously ignoring the tears streaming silently down my cheeks, I finally turned away. Hermione swayed on the spot. "They did it!" she whispered in horror. "I'd… I don't believe it - they did it!" Like Hermione speaking had triggered it, there was a wild, heart-broken howling behind us. "Hagrid," Harry muttered. Without thinking about what he was doing, he made to turn back, but both Ron and Hermione seized his arms. "If you go back now, then he'll be in worse trouble for us having seen him," I said shortly, seizing his shoulder firmly. Hermione's breathing was shallow and uneven. "How - could - they?" she choked. "How could they?" "Easy," I said with a humorless scoff. "Malfoy's a bastard who learned from the best." "Come on," said Ron, whose teeth seemed to be chattering. We set off back toward the castle, walking slowly to keep ourselves hidden under the cloak. With four