Severus Snape was not having a busy night. To an outsider, it might have seemed a relief. He had no one expecting anything from him. Dumbledore didn't need him to do anything. The Dark Lord had no use for him again until the semester started. It was close enough to the beginning of term that he had been able to move from Spinner's End to Hogwarts without raising any eyebrows, meaning he was free of Pettigrew, which was never a bad thing. And, since classes had yet to resume, he had no essays to grade. So delighted had he been to finally receive the appointment he'd been angling for for over a decade, he had already completed his lesson plans for the years. In short, he had an evening in which he had absolutely nothing to do. It was driving him mad. He needed something to focus on, something to do, someone to serve. He had become very bad at being alone with his own thoughts at some point over the years – unsurprising really, considering his thoughts were his worst enemy. On free night's during the school year – more often after a particularly dramatic encounter with Lorena Potter – they tended to drive him straight into a bottle of fire whiskey to try and dull them. He was completely aware it was a terrible habit, but he'd yet to find anything else that worked. He needed an activity, something to do that would take most of his not-inconsiderable mental faculties, leaving him no time to dwell on the past. There was nothing to brew, as the Hospital Wing was stocked for the year. Thanks to Potter's offer, the Order didn't need him to whip anything up. He took a moment to be annoyed with her for that before brushing it off. He couldn't begrudge her the desire to help. He had no personal projects to work on at the moment. Reading was also out, he had nothing that he could delve far enough into to block out his thoughts. He'd tried many a night, but he usually ended up staring blankly at the pages and completely consumed in his own worries, regrets, and guilt. Company, that's what he needed, he decided. But honestly, he didn't want to go to Dumbledore. The old man always welcomed him with a cup of tea and some form of candy that he never took, but he didn't have the patience for Albus tonight. And the idea of strolling into Malfoy Manor to spend the evening with the Dark Lord made him smirk bitterly. Absolutely impossible. It was sad, really, that the first people he thought of for company were his masters. The only man he might consider a friend was locked away in Azkaban at the moment. Really, his social life was almost worse than it had been in his Hogwarts years. He knew no one outside of the conflict who might be available. And he was fully aware of how pathetic this desperate search for a conversation partner was, but even more pathetic would be spending another night sipping firewhiskey alone in his office. But that wasn't exactly true, he thought suddenly. He did have an acquaintance outside of this conflict. He would not precisely call her a friend, but Amity Raincrow was an option. His wards were keyed to allow him to Apparate to her, meaning he could go without being seen. And those wards provided the perfect excuse for showing up – checking to make sure they still held. She was perhaps not the most agreeable option, but she was close to the only one, and at the very least squabbling with her a bit would spare him his own company for a while. That thought in mind, Severus donned his travelling cloak and headed from the dungeons, out onto the grounds and off school property. He would deny being childish, but he did really dislike the fact that Raincrow had gotten the last word in during their last conversation. It felt too much like losing, and the Slytherin in him hated to lose. He felt almost mischievous as he turned and stepped into nothingness. There was the usual squeezing pressure, and just when he thought he wouldn't ever breathe again, he was released and found himself standing in the middle of Raincrow's small flat. " Night time sharpens, heightens each sensation. Darkness stirs and wakes imagination. Silently the senses abandon their defenses." Much like the last time he had visited, music was playing. Amity wasn't in the living room. He could hear her singing along softly from the kitchen, along with the sound of gentle scraping. Slowly, perfectly aware of Apparition etiquette and the fact that he'd just stomped all over it, he stalked towards the kitchen. Sure enough, Amity was there, once again in her small pajamas, using a spatula to move cookies from a baking sheet over to a wire rack to cool. Severus cleared his throat. "Raincrow." The reaction was immediate. She shrieked and hurled the spatula at him. Startled, Severus knocked it aside with a sweep of his arm as Amity backpedalled with wide-eyes towards a drawer that, going by her frantic features, he strongly suspected held kitchen knives. Cursing, he lunged a grabbed the wrist of her outstretched hand to keep her from grabbing one. In response, she turned around and, with surprising accuracy, punched him in the eye. "Merlin, woman!" he swore, and staggered back, clutching his eye and scowling heartily. So much for a good idea, this had turned out to be far more trouble than expected. "Christ on a cracker!" Amity swore. "I- Severus? Is that you?" He nodded and then rolled his eyes at himself, remembering that she couldn't see him. "Yes, it is." "Well son of a protestant whore!" She swore once more and stalked past him, seizing a dish towel from the counter as she passed and yanking open the door of the refrigerator. "Okay, I get you people have an aesthetic going on, but I'm pretty sure breaking and entering was always illegal, or at the very least frowned upon, even way back in the Dark Ages," she lectured him as she began to pull ice out and pack it into the towel. "Give me a heart attack, why don't you?" she muttered as she turned around and shoved the ice pack at him. "Here, keep the swelling down." "Don't bother." Severus drew his wand and, with a flick, healed the area around his eye. After all, he could hardly turn up at Hogwarts with a black eye and not raise questions. "Like it never happened." Amity stood there and stared over his shoulder for a second, the ice beginning to melt and drip down her arm. She shivered and, with a sound of annoyance, shook the ice out of the towel and into the sink. "So you just healed it with magic, then?" she confirmed. "Okay, good, then I won't feel so bad about doing this." She whipped around and snapped the towel at his arm. "Screw you, Severus! Don't just come popping in here! Creeping around like some kind of pervert… Announce yourself or call ahead – owl ahead, I guess – or do the chicken dance, hell I don't care, just make some noise!" She placed a hand over her heart and tossed the towel back onto the counter, leaning her lower back against it with a sigh. "Are you quite finished with your abuse?" he asked her tartly, already deeply regretting his decision to come here. She was far more annoying than he remembered, which was rather impressive, really. In an annoying way. "Don't you even take that tone with me, honey," she said darkly, shoving a finger at him. "I'm perfectly within my rights to be annoyed with you for just popping in with no warning." She stuck her nose into the air. "Just for that, no cookies for you!" she said haughtily, and picked up the plate from the counter, striding past him into the living room. Severus smirked – he had hardly come for her baking after all, though it did smell nice. She looked like a petulant child as she plopped down on her couch with the plate of cookies in her lap and tucked her legs under her. She paused and informed him, "Fetch me a glass of milk and I'll forgive you. I forgot in all the absolute terror." Severus wasn't entirely sure why he was going along with her request as he pulled the milk from the fridge and poured her a glass, carrying it into the living room for her. Perhaps some instinctive urge to help a disabled woman, though given how hard she'd hit him, it was very hard for him to think of her as disabled. He reached up to touch his cheekbone just under his eye as he passed the glass. "You have a surprisingly powerful right hook," he informed her. "Damn straight," she said, and patted the couch next to herself for him to sit. Severus did so. The whole situation felt strangely surreal. When was the last time he just sat and had a conversation with someone? A conversation that had nothing to do with the war or his subject or any of the other myriad things he had to worry about and concern himself with. It was oddly exciting, the thought of doing something so painfully normal when the world was falling apart around them all, the sort of normal that other people had but he never got. "So, how's our girl?" Amity asked, biting into one of the cookies. Chocolate chip, he observed, and still warm, going by the smear of chocolate left at the corner of her lips. He wasn't quite sure how he felt about the woman referring to Lorena Potter as 'their girl.' Certainly they were the ones who cared the most about the girl, but she would have screamed in outrage at being called 'theirs' and that he knew for certain. "Doing as well as can be expected of her," Severus commented. "And far better than could be expected from anyone else." Amity smiled proudly. "Uh huh, that's her. So what's she looking at this year, as far as Defense Against the Dark Arts? She tells me that there's always a new teacher. Another Umbridge?" Severus couldn't contain his smile of pride. It occurred to him that it didn't matter if he was grinning like a loon because she couldn't see him anyway, and the thought was oddly pleasing. "Thankfully not. I will taking the position." Amity's face crumpled in confusion. "But you teach potions…" "I have applied for the Defense Against the Dark Arts position every years since I began teaching at Hogwarts. I have always been denied." Amity tilted her head, still looking lost. "Why? I mean if you can teach it and there's apparently always a struggle to fill the post… Might be easier to replace you than whatever teacher just left." Her mouth curved into a teasing smirk and she reached out, settling her hand on his shoulder and cooed, "Although I'm sure you're irreplaceable, honey." Severus shoved her hand off of him, annoyance rising. "Must you do that?" he asked tartly. Amity grinned and fell back, leaning her spine against the armrest. Seemingly without thought, she slid her toes under Severus's thigh. Her feet were cold. He jumped slightly, but was prevented from saying anything when she spoke. "I really must," she assured him. "So tell me… what sort of things will you be teaching?" Severus raised an eyebrow. "In class or after class?" he asked. Did she mean what would he be teaching in general or what would he be teaching Potter? "Ooh, you give lessons after class?" she asked, bobbing her eyebrows lewdly. "Woman, I'm warning you…" Amity threw back her head and laughed. "Okay, okay, I'll stop. For now," she added with a crooked grin.