Disclaimer: All Harry Potter names, characters, places, incidents et al. herein are the property of J.K. Rowling and her legal licensees, including but not limited to Bloomsbury/Scholastic, etc. No copyright or trademark infringement is intended and no money is being made. Summary: Deveral, Devery for short, Leafwood is a slender, quiet and kind-hearted student from Hogwarts, School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. But unlike other witches, Devery nurtures a deadly secret: she comes from a long line of Sirens. Rare magical beings who can bewitch and control anyone with the sound of their voice. As a mute by choice and Siren by birth. Her life is going nowhere until Sirius Black, a stormy eyed seventeen year old with a passion for freedom, suddenly announces he wants to date her. Deveral doesn't know how she feels about Sirius. Before seventh year, he barely acknowledged her existence and when he did, it was either to play a prank or act nervously around her. However, when the evil Lord Voldemort, a power hungry wizard who would do anything to get the last Sirens in existence to join his cause, and his followers learn of Deveral and her family's powers, Sirius springs to the rescue and Deveral begins to notice that Sirius is actually rather patient at heart. But the nightmares of Sirius's past leave him blind to Deveral's growing affections and Deveral takes up love to try and remind him who he really is because a wizarding war unlike anything their world has ever seen is brewing and will be soon upon them. And they say, studying for your NEWTs and simply being a seventeen year old will be hard. But when another deranged wizard, threatens to come between them, Sirius has to act fast. But will they ever find the love that they deserve? A/N: Hey guys! I am currently writing my own romance novel and one day when I had writer's block, this story appeared. Since, I have always wanted to write a Sirius/OC fanfiction, I thought why not do it as well? I read a lot of Harry Potter fanfiction as a teenager and have always had a soft spot for Sirius Black in the Marauder era. Writing this story is helping me get back into my own novel. It is like taking a little vacation to refresh my writer brain before I go back to my other story (which is vastly different to this story). I will update when I can and until then enjoy and let me know what you think! :) How is how Devery communicates: 1. Telepathically (Italics) 2. Signing (Bold) 3. Using her voice (Normal text) "To me sometimes a mute sky is more expressive than the roaring sea" ― Munia Khan Prologue "My fingers, toes, and wands are crossed that we will not have a repeat of last year," Lily Evans, her best friend, commented while taking a sip of her pumpkin juice. Deveral, Devery for short, Leafwood, stopped eating. The two Gryffindor girls were at the Great Hall, enjoying the start of their seventh year at Hogwarts with their last 'welcome back' feast. As always, the great school of witchcraft and wizardry went all out with the food. It was like a thanksgiving feast multiplied by two Christmas lunches. The house elves were the best cooks and everybody in the Great Hall knew it. All of the students, stretched across the four long tables, and the teachers at the front were happy to stuff their tummies with more than they could swallow. Well everyone except, Lily Evans. She barely touched her plate except nibble on some bread and pumpkin juice. Lily put down her goblet and ran a hand through her long red mane and finally met Devery with her green eyes. The two orbs reminded Devery of emeralds but unlike the stone, Lily's eyes reflected her every emotion and right now, all she could see was stress and more stress. " How so?" Devery questioned with her telepathy, one of the very few ways she could communicate with her fellow wizard. Devery was a mute by choice but her selective mutism wasn't triggered by a social anxiety disorder or anything traumatic. To alert others of her muteness, she had to wear a black choker. Devery came from a long-line of Sirens, ancient beings that could charm and control anyone with the sound of their voice. Not many people knew that about the Leafwoods. The rest of Devery's family was also mute by choice. It was both a protective choice and one of self-preservation. The wizarding world hated Sirens and back in the day they were killed until treaties were drawn up and in exchange for their survival they would remain silent. They all wore necklaces to communicate this and these necklaces were also an extra magical guarantee that they wouldn't speak. The necklaces silenced their voice boxes while wearing it. There were not many Sirens left in the wizardry world these days and Devery was pretty sure she was the only one at Hogwarts. She was an only child. But even without the ancient treaty, Devery would still choose to be a mute. If someone wanted to be in her life, she wanted the connection to be as authentic as possible. She only spoke when she knew for sure the person on the receiving end, liked her for who really she was inside not by some love spell she concocted with her voice. It took Lily years of solid friendship to earn the sound of Devery's voice. She only just heard it this past summer and to her greatest relief, Lily did not look at her like she was enamored with her or anything. The redhead just sat back, shot her signature unamused Evans look and said, 'is that it?' Devery remembered laughing after that and Lily smiled. It was the first time she heard her best friend laugh. Before that, they mostly communicated through hand written notes and BSL (British Sign Language). Lily went out of her way to learn, that in their first year, which shocked the living daylights out of Devery. Before that, the only people who were interested in talking to her were her family, teachers and Severus Snape when they used to be friends but all of that ended when he called Lily a mudblood back in fifth year. These days, BSL was Lily's second language. A few of Devery's other friends picked up a few BSL here and there. Like her dormmates, Raven Warren, her friend from Ravenclaw and to her shock, a few Marauders. Her fellow Gryffindor, James Potter learned some BSL because he wanted to impress Lily Evans and Remus Lupin because he genuinely wanted to be her friend. The other two boys who made up their squad, Sirius Black and Peter Pettigrew didn't share the same interest. Peter just ignored her like everybody else who couldn't be bothered to accommodate her disability of sorts and Sirius? He was a whole other story. The telepathic communication came along a lot later. Professor Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts pulled out that talent from her head in her fourth year. The lack of talking, amplified Devery's mental capabilities and grew her natural abilities for legilimency and occulmency. Severus and Lily also helped with her with learning telepathy and the three had many conversations without speaking. Thanks to them, she was able to hold telepathic conversations but only with her closet friends because it was something she had to practice at daily. Now that Severus was out of the picture, Devery could not send a mental thought his way. The friendship was beyond repair but she also suspected that Severus used his occlumens to block her out. She could only send Lily, her thoughts now and receive hers via legilimens. Due to such amplification, she was also getting along well with her wandless magic. " How so?" Devery asked again and Lily sighed. " They won't stop staring," Lily replied and Devery knew who without asking but that didn't stop her eyes from looking over, further up the Gryffindor table where she knew the Marauders sat. Lily was not the only one to feel their eyes. Devery's eyes automatically fell on Remus first, he was listening to Peter and as if he sensed her gaze, he waved with a smile. Devery returned his wave with a smile and Lily yanked her hand down to hold but she ignored her. Remus's light green eyes laughed at that and Devery rolled her eyes to communicate what she thought of Lily's sudden shyness. Remus then signed that they should catch up later in the common room and Devery nodded enthusiastically. Apart from letters over the summer, she hadn't talked to Remus much lately. Remus smiled again and returned to his meal and conversation with Peter. Pettigrew ignored her so Devery looked to James next and he winked when their eyes connected which Devery gladly returned. Lily smacked her shoulder for that one and again, Devery ignored her protests. Underneath all the bravado, James Potter really was an all-round nice guy. He had changed a lot since his bullying days in fifth year. James then signed with a big grin that they should join them and Lily pretended to gag on something foul. James's face fell and Devery felt her heart sink at that. Unbeknownst to her best friend, she always kind of had rooted for James Potter when it came to the person of his affections, Lily Evans. She thought they would suit each other and she hoped that Lily would finally see that light this year before it was too late for James. But she didn't tell Lily that, oh no, she valued her existence too much for that and she did have to be supportive of her best friend's feelings. Devery then checked to see if the cost was clear and when Lily went to nibble on some bread, she signed to James to be patient and he nodded with thoughtful eyes, he mouthed thanks before returning to his own meal. That was when, Devery wished she pulled her eyes away but it was so use. She was weak when it came to those grey stormy eyes ever since she first saw them when they were eleven. And it never did matter what happened before between them, it never did. Sirius Black returned her stare with an intensity that seemed to grow everyday and it burned right through her body that she got shivers. Was it snowing? She wondered and she doubled checked to see if the Great Hall's ceiling was still showcasing a brilliant night sky, full of stars and floating candlelight. It was. No snow in sight. Then against her better judgment, she looked at Sirius again. She couldn't explain it. There was just this pull, this sense of gravity that when she knew where he was, she had to look and marvel. She thought he was cute in sixth year but those few months of summer seemed to have seasoned him out into the realm of handsome. Sirius looked broader in the shoulders and his face looked a little longer, like he grew more into his angelic features. Black arched eyebrows, high cheekbones and a strong jawline with a nice dash of brown stubble. His long nose suited his more symmetrically aligned face and his black curls were longer, the tips rested on top of his shoulders and his lips looked fuller, particularly the curve of his lower one. But unlike in sixth year, she learned and vowed to have more self-control when it came to checking out Sirius Black in seventh year. She looked back into his grey eyes of steel, allowed her body to feel that familiar lurch of butterflies one last time and severed the connection. She pushed her yearlong crush down again and buried it. As far as she could tell, Sirius didn't like the mute girl and never would. His interests laid