Hello lovelies hope you enjoy this story as much as I enjoyed writing it :) I do not own Harry Potter, I only own Bambi, Sam and their parents (And Bella :) ) ~At McCarthy Manor ~ I awoke from my slumber, to someone jumping on my bed. "Sammy stop..." The bouncing continued, "Sam, stop." More bouncing: "SAM GET THE BLOODY HELL OFF ME!" The bouncing stopped and I heard a soft whimper, which I knew was definitely not my sister. I sat up quickly to see, Bella-my Cocker Spaniel puppy-laying on my bed, looking up at me with her big, sad brown eyes. "Oh Bella, I'm sorry my baby. I thought you were Sammy." I scooped the pup into my arms and hugged her tight, hoping she'd understand I was sorry. She seemed content with my response because she began to lick my hand affectionately. I chuckled at her actions then looked at my alarm clock, "Oh Bloody hell, I'm going to be late!" With Bella in my arms I jumped out of bed; not bothering to make it; and headed down to the kitchen. When I got to the final step, I caught my sister who was wearing her green and silver robes, and holding my plain one in her outstretched hand. "Forget something sister dear?" She gave a wicked smile, with little to no threat behind it. My sister, she has to be the kindest Slytherin I know. She's only mean to the other Slytherin's who deserve it and a real sweetheart, a true...Gryffindor I suppose. "Thanks Sammy, Where's Mum and dad?" I asked, putting the robes on over my nightwear, after handing Bella over to her. I took her back once I finished. "They were going to see you off on your first day, but they were afraid they'd be late for work if they waited for you to wake up, even if they apparated." She waved her wand, and my blue nightgown turned into the standard uniform; except I had leggings on instead of the skirt; under my robes. She waved her wand again and the hunter green trunk in the corner shrunk and flew into her pocket. Then she did the same to my trunk, a dark blue, and it flew into my pocket. She walked to the door, "Before I forget, Mum and Dad left presents; one from each of them. Mum also left you out some toast in the kitchen. Better hurry the Taxi will arrive in 20 minutes." She opened the door and a little white snake slithered up her leg, "Ah, there you are Ash." Sam petted the snake on its head when he reached her shoulder. I walked over to the kitchen, and spotted two presents in different colored wrapping paper; one red, the other white; next to a small plate with two pieces of what I assumed was cinnamon toast on the kitchen table. I placed Bella down and picked up a piece of toast, letting her have the other one. I took a bite, relishing in the taste of the slightly sugary-bitter confection. After I finished that piece I wiped my hand and mouth on a napkin and picked up the red present. It was a rectangular box with plain red wrapping, nothing else on it except a tag that read: 'Be good, and stay out of trouble, my little Misfit. You're going to need this, Love Dad.' I smiled at what he wrote and opened the gift. Inside it was my wand that I picked at Olivander's wand shop. They had it ordered in since I didn't have a use for it at the time. It was a 10" Oak with a center of Phoenix ashes, it was thin and cool in my grasp. Mr. Olivander told me that if another witch or wizard tried to hold it that the wand did not choose to wield it, the phoenix ashes inside it would burn them. I put it in my robe pocket and opened my other present. I knew it was from my mom just by looking at it. It was a square box, no bigger than my palm. If you looked at the pure white wrapping closely, you'd see little designs of snakes and lions. My mother was a Slytherin back when she went to Hogwarts, and dad was a Gryffindor; go figure, huh? I opened it and was amazed by what I saw. In a safe cushion of snowy white down feathers from a snow owl, was the most beautiful charm bracelet I had ever seen. There were four charms hanging from it, each one; I realized; represented a house. There was a lion for Gryffindor, a snake for Slytherin, eagle for Ravenclaw, and a badger for Hufflepuff. I slid the bracelet on my wrist, and examined it. It was a little loose and the light seemed to make it look like it had been carved from diamonds. "Bambi, the Taxi's here, let's go!" I heard Sam yell from outside. I grabbed Bella and tucked her under my arm as I reached the door and closed it shut. ~At the train station~ "Nervous Bambi?" I looked up at my sister as we walked; Bella prancing behind, and smiled "A little, but at least your there to help me. And my Head of House professor, whoever that is." Sam chuckled at that. "Yeah, if you're sorted into Gryffindor, You'll have Professor McGonagall. My house has Professor Snape, he's a complete stick in the mud but not totally bad." "What about the other houses?" I asked a little confused. "Bambi think, if mum was a Slytherin and Dad was a Gryffindor. You think the school would make their kids Hufflepuffs? Since I'm already a Slytherin, you'll most likely be a Griffyndor. Now let's hurry before we miss our train!" She started walking through the crowd of people. "Sammy, wait!" I ran through the crowd, with Bella hot on my heels, until I tripped and fell. "Oh dearie, are you okay?!" I looked up to see an average sized, red haired woman helping me up, "I'm so sorry about that. Ronald apologize for tripping this poor girl with your cart!" I turned in the direction the woman was yelling at and saw a boy about my age with red hair as well. "Sorry..." He paused, probably seeing if I'd give him a name. Before I could though I heard my sister yell, "Bambi, there you are!" I was pulled into a bone-crushing hug. "Don't scare me like that again! I thought I'd lost you." She looked to the woman in gratitude, "Thank you for finding her, Molly. I'm glad that it was you out of all people that spotted her." "Oh why hello Sammy! It's good to see you again! I had no idea this was your sister" She held out a hand for me to shake and I took it. "I'm Molly Weasley, Sweetheart. This is my son Ronald." She gestured to the boy, "And this is my youngest, Ginevra. I have two other sons with me, but they're not here now." She placed a hand on the shoulder of a little girl-I hadn't noticed her before- who had the same red hair as the rest of them. "So Ron's starting Hogwarts as well, that's perfect. So is Bambi, they'll be good friends." I looked at Ron who sized me up before smiling at me. "Sammy, how's it been!" chorused two voices behind me. I turned to see my sister hug identical twins with, yet again, red hair and place a kiss on the cheek of the boy on her right. "It's good to see you George. You too Fred, of Course." I assumed the one she kissed was her mate Fred. I remembered Dad talking to her about it and mentioning that name. "So, are you all ready?" Mrs. Weasley asked us. My sister and the other two nodded their heads, while I looked at her quizzically. "Alright then, George, you're up." She gestured to the boy on Sam's left, "I'm Fred Mum." The boy on the right, sighed "And you dare to call yourself our mother..." "That doesn't work anymore, boys. Thanks to Sammy, I can tell you two apart." She smirked at her sons. "Aw, thanks a lot Sammy." George joked, my sister playfully punched him with her free arm, as Fred was holding her other hand. George lined up with his cart in front of the pillar with 9 and 10 hanging from the sides, then sprinted to the brick wall and went straight through! I stood there with my mouth wide open in shock. "Alright, Fred your turn." He turned to Sam, "Your chariot awaits." "Yeah!" He setup like George did before, but this time my sister sat on the front end of the cart, her legs tucked in. He sprinted towards the wall, while my sister squealed. "Wahoo!" Then they were gone through the wall, "Alright Ron, Bambi your turn-" "Excuse me!" I turned when I heard an unfamiliar voice. I saw a boy who was so thin it was amazing how his clothes didn't fall off him. He had unruly black hair and the most amazing green eyes I've ever seen, hidden behind broken glasses. "Ma'am can you tell me how to get to Platform 9 and three quarters?" "Don't you know? Oh, it's your first year?! That's wonderful! It's Ron and Bambi's first too." She placed her arm around the frail boy and told him to just run through the wall between 9 and 10. "Alright Ron, you go." Ron looked a little scared at first but did just like his brother's did. I turned to the boy and couldn't help but giggle when he shared the same expression I had earlier. "Bambi, did you bring your luggage?" Mrs. Weasley asked me. "Yes Mrs. Weasley!" I tapped on my pocket, feeling the slight bump it made. "Alright then, how about you go with him then." She gestured to the boy. "Okay..." I walked over to where he had set up and tapped him on the shoulder; he had been concentrating on the wall in front of him. "Mind if I ride on your cart?" "Ah, no, go ahead." I smiled, picked up Bella and sat in the front next to a snow white owl. "Ready?" he asked. I nodded, "Whenever you are." I heard him take a deep breath and then the cart started to move. "EEP!" Just as we got closer to the wall I shut my eyes and gripped Bella tight. ~Platform 9 and three quarters~ "Wow!" I heard the boy say. I opened my eyes and saw a huge train. It said 'Hogwarts Express' "Hey, come on, let's go!" I squealed in delight. Bella jumped from my arms, as I jumped from the cart. "My names Bambi by the way. Bambi McCarthy." He smiled, "Nice to meet you Bambi, I'm Harry Potter." I was shocked to know that this frail boy was the wizarding world hero. "It's very nice to meet you as well, Harry." I helped him push his cart near the baggage claim, and we headed inside the passenger cars to find a seat. ~In the passenger Cars~ Harry and I talked most of the way to Hogwarts, we stopped talking to acknowledge Ron when he was standing outside our compartment. "Mind if I sit with you guys, everywhere else is full?" I shake my head smiling while Harry gestured for him to sit; Ron smiled. He came in and shut the door behind him, then sat down. "Name's Ron Weasley by the way," He stuck his hand out to Harry, who smiled and shook his hand, "Nice to meet you Ron, I'm Harry Potter, and I believe you've met Bambi." The Weasley sat there looking like a fish out of water. "Y-your Harry Potter?! Golly, d-do you have the..." He gestured to his forehead, Harry confused asked. " The what?" "He's asking