It's cold outside A/N so my muse has decided I need to write more Hayffie which you know what I'll roll with. Why did no one tell me about this ship sooner? I suppose maybe this is a christmas fanfic. Does Baby it's cold outside really have anything to do with Christmas? So yeah in my mind this takes place during catching fir, now my memory is that there is space between Effie showing up for the victor's tour and then them leaving the next day. I haven't checked to see whether I'm right so I guess I'll find out. Effie was shivering, her teeth chattering as she walked the icy paths in District 12. Her warm smoky breath mingling with the cold air. She should have been uncomfortable but this was Effie Trinket and it didn't matter how uncomfortable she got, you'd never be able to tell. She wanted to go back to the rooms that she had arranged for her brief stay in District 12 before the Victor's tour. She didn't know why she didn't just leave; it didn't make sense to stay. As she looked around she didn't think she'd ever feel any nostalgia for this place. Yet it gnawed at her, this feeling of regret. District 12 had an almost ghostly beauty to it she'd never noticed it before. She'd always been too busy, worrying about the games, trying to sober Haymitch up, the inevitable guilt as everyone looked at you. It appeared that some beauty could remain hidden. "What are you doing Effie?" came a disgruntled voice. She turned and she couldn't help but smile, however she quickly put it away before anyone saw. "I am… I am…" She had to think of something, anything to say. "Look, just go inside." Haymitch grumbled, already walking away. Effie's eyes squinted as he walked away, she wanted to turn and go back to her nice room but she knew she couldn't. Not yet. She followed him, into his house. She hesitated by the entrance, she'd never been here before. She knew he didn't live in squalor but this place was 5 times bigger than her apartment in the capital. It was also incredibly neglected; it needed a lick of paint, new windows, and general repair. She couldn't help but improve it in her head, her mind filling with colour schemes. "Why are you following me?" he asked drunkenly, the stench more noticeable than it normally was. Effie frowned slightly but quickly plastered a smile, "You just invited me." She marched past him and took a seat on what probably was once a sofa but had seemed to have lost that name at some point. "What do you want, Effie?" his voice straining with annoyance. She was oddly annoyed by that but she had no idea what else she could expect. She looked at him took a deep breath, "Are you prepared for the tour?" Haymitch lowered his head and gave a small sigh of exasperation. What in the hell was she doing? All he wanted to do was start a fire, drink his booze and go to sleep. Loosing for 24 years had been taxing but it turned out winning could be just as problematic. Maybe more so. She didn't care though, she didn't care that his immediate survival depended on the worst actress in the world trying to keep up a charade. She didn't see the bigger picture that maybe this was what they needed to end the hunger games and fight the capital? She was just wasting his time. "Yes, Effie." She tapped her knee, why was this so awkward, she fiddled with the ends of her wig. "You shouldn't be drinking that." She held out her hand "You need to be sharp tomorrow and put on a good impression for the other Districts." In response Haymitch bit the cork and spat it out on the floor and strolled right past her. She gave an annoyed smile "Never mind then." She continued "I just wanted to inform you that I'm not going to be District 12's escort anymore, well I've agreed to do the next quarter quell but after that, you will have a new escort and I hope you'll be more polite to them than you are to me." Haymitch laughed "Trust me sweetheart, you're not special, it doesn't matter who they send I promise I'll be as venomous to them as I am to you." Effie returned his comment with a hollow smile. They'd know each other for 9 years, she'd slept with him multiple times and even though she knew that what they had was casual. There was a pain inside her when she thought of not being the escort for District 12. I guess she couldn't expect him to feel the same way she did. He probably saw her as some kind oppressor, forcing the hunger games down his throat. Still they'd known each other nine years, was it wrong for her to want him to be a little sad? The answer was probably yes. "I'm sorry, I should go" she announced and she got up and headed towards the door. Haymitch reached out and held her hand, stopping her. He wanted her to leave, but he couldn't bring himself to say good bye "It's cold outside Effie, let me get you something to eat and warm you up a bit." Effie blushed as he held her hand. How dare her cheeks betray her, she only hoped her foundation was covering her cheek's blunder. "Thank you" with that she turned back. Haymitch growled to himself as he let her back again. It was her fault she was out here so what if she froze to death. It shouldn't matter. He turned around she was sitting on his sofa again. Her fingers tapped nervously against her knees "Do you want something to drink?" Effie frowned but quickly covered it with a smile "What do you have?" Haymitch grabbed a bottle from the cupboard "Whiskey and whiskey, ummm I don't get many guests." "Well I'll consider it an honour then." She told him with a hint of sarcasm. Haymitch grumbled "You don't have to." Effie looked at him, her eyes squinted "I'd love to." She gave a broad smile to indicate she was serious. She wanted to play this game, let's see how much she could take; he put the bottle in front of her. Then he sat down on a rocking chair opposite her. She looked at him as if he'd just grown a new head. He couldn't possibly expect her to drink from the bottle. She looked at it with a measure of distaste. No one in the Capitol drank whiskey and even if they did, they certainly didn't drink the low brand stuff Haymitch insisted on. She knew he'd laugh at her if she asked for a glass. So, bottoms up, she thought. It was the most horrible substance she'd ever drank in her life. Her throat was sore, her stomach felt violated and the taste seemed to be destroying her tongue "That is disgusting." Haymitch laughed "You know I never thought I'd see Effie Trinket neck a bottle of whiskey, damn girl." Effie spat "Please give me some water." Haymitch briefly considered watching her suffer, her spluttering was amusing if nothing else but he wasn't that cruel so he obliged. "Thank you" she accepted the water and drank it greedily "I don't know how you drink this stuff." "It's not that hard plus I've had a lot of practice." Haymitch admitted Effie slightly recovered, coughed slightly "Well I'm clearly not the master drinker you are." "Hang on" Haymitch got up and explored a cupboard. "Here we go, I think this will be more to your taste." He also retrieved some dusty wine glasses. Effie winced slightly that the wine had not been allowed time to breathe before he poured it but she remained quiet. Hopefully it would be drinkable. She took her glass without comment and watched as he poured himself a drink. He held his glass up "To your promotion." She tapped his glass and smiled and as she took a drink, she was pleasantly surprised. "That was amazing." Haymitch tugged his waistcoat and puffed out slightly "I aim to be fabulous." They both laughed at that when Effie recovered "I don't need to aim, I just am." She said imperiously. They laughed again. "I'll miss this." Haymitch mused when the laughter stopped. "Miss what, we've never had a drink together before and I've known you for nine years." She sipped her wine trying not to look at him, trying to not let the regret shine through. "No we haven't, maybe we should have." He said looking at her, he tried to picture actually being with her. Being involved with her. The thought made him smile but the reality of their situation crashed down on him. If they'd had real feelings for each other, if they acted on them, they would both be killed or worst one of them be killed and the other saddled with the guilt. Haymitch knew what that felt like and he wouldn't wish it on anyone. Effie's voice broke him out of his alcohol fuelled musing "Well, in fairness, there was that Hunger Games where you made me that fabulous dinner, Salmon en Croute and that darling rosé." The wine almost had seemed to have taken her back to that moment. It was a wonderful surprise. He was almost respectable. "That was fun and then you got that call." Haymitch remembered. He'd been jealous ever since he'd heard that Effie had a boyfriend. It was an arranged thing, her father had organised it. She just kept on talking about him and the more she talked the more jealous he got. So when their tributes had died spectacularly early and he found himself with some free time. He bought some food and some drink that he knew she'd like. One thing led to another. He guessed he wanted to prove that he was as good as any man from the Capital. "Don't." She shouted, her cheeks turned scarlet. "We don't need to talk about that." She could remember that moment like it was yesterday. Her beau had called her and she was in quite a unsuitable position with Haymitch. That rosé had clearly impaired her judgement. Despite his protest she managed to answer the phone and then he started talking to her about arranging a date. Whilst her beau was talking, Haymitch started to kiss her and even though she tried to get him to stop. The sound of her moans down the phone didn't leave her gentleman caller with a good impression. "I did you a favour, he was an ass." He remembered that he had such a boring voice and his idea of a date was going to the park for 10 minutes because he had meetings all day. There was no way he deserved her. Plus listening to her moans was incredibly satisfying. "He was going to propose until you did what you did." She said, trying to make him feel guilty but he was impervious to that. "You're welcome." He said cheerfully, raising his glass. She tried to stay annoyed but she just couldn't, maybe it was the wine but she broke into giggles "I do owe you one, he was so dull." This damn wine was getting to her. "You remember the second? hunger games when you just came into my room…" Haymitch reminisced "I think you'll find, that I came into you room, to ask for District 12's sponsorships deals and you came onto me!" She affirmed. She'd been so determined not to repeat last year's mistake. She was just going to go in there ask about the sponsorships and leave. Then he just kissed her and for some reason that she still didn't understand, she kissed him back. "I came onto you; seriously that's how you remember