Chapter one: Hit and Miss Sirens. Two of them. A train whistle that keeps constantly blaring to warn people it's coming through. My dad is probably there at the train station getting ready to come home. He works in the weapons department. Some sort of designer or specialist. Built a new bomb that they used back in the rebellion war, killed dozens of people but some were innocent. My father never forgave himself of the young children's lives he took, especially the one medic Prim. I never understood why though and when I asked my mother would always hush me or give me a look and my father would say it's too complicated. Then when I suggest quitting his job he shakes his head and says, "It's better than being a miner.". That's right he used to work in the pits of coal mines, in the belly of the earth. I look to the other side of the room where my sister sleeps numbly through a hovercraft going over the house. It's eleven at night in district two, everyone should be asleep except my mother is waiting for my fathers arrival listening to some sort of music that has a twang to it. After drowning out her horrible music, which doesn't take much, there's finally silence. I snuggle down into the silky blue sheets of my bed and force my eyes shut. It's not even five minutes later when my father trudges through the door with his steel toed boots leaving a thunking sound where ever he walked. He's whistling as usual. There had been a time when he never whistled when he came home but ever since he found out that mother was pregnant again with a boy he's been whistling ever since. It's been six years since Nathan was born and yet my father continues to whistle with excitement. "Dinner's in the fridge." I hear my mothers muffled voice speak. I hear my father go into the kitchen and rummage through it. More whistling. I cover up my head with my blanket hoping it would drown out the sound of mother and fathers conversation. It didn't. "You're knitting? Since when do you knit?" My father scoffs clearly talking with his mouth open. He had poor table manners, he would usually stuff his face with food as if he hadn't had enough. But my father used to live poor and barely eat anything so I guess he eats what he can get and tries to fill up the void in his stomach for the tireless nights in which he starved. More thumping from outside my room in the hall. It's my dad again, headed towards the bathroom per usual. I hear a squeak of the facet and a spraying sound of water that was beading off a wall. A shower at eleven at night may seem weird to people but in this house it's normal. Dad almost always comes home late the first two weeks of the month. That's when his "projects" are due at the train station and it takes the train at least forty five minutes to get from district four to district two. I flop over on my stomach and burry my face onto my mattress instead of my pillows. Maybe this should help me get to sleep. No dice. I end up staring at the lilac colored wall wondering about the most insane things like what if the earth ripped open right now, or if someone just came inside and started shooting us. Shootings are common in district two but, they rarely happen over in this neighborhood although it's always nice to be cautious. You would've thought that after the rebellion that everyone would be nice to each other and hold hands and sing folk songs around a campfire but that undoubtedly was wrong. There still was obviously a government but, a more just one that doesn't require kids to go into the hunger games but, it has it's kinks. Such as people who were poor before the rebellion, were still poor and they couldn't understand why. Actually there's a difference in the poor. The one's that you can tell were poor before the rebellion and the one's who became poor after the rebellion. The poor people before the rebellion made themselves useful and actually tried to work to get to a better place like dad did. But the people who became poor because of the rebellion were mean and nasty. Wouldn't work for the minimum pay, always thought of themselves better than what they were and thought they deserved to be treated better because they used to have a mansion in the Capitol and blah blah blah. About ten minutes later my father is hopping out of the shower and putting some clothes on along with the sound of another hovercraft going above overhead. A moment of silence passes after I hear my father leave the bathroom whistling but it doesn't last long. There's a tinkering sound in my room now along with a thumping. I look up to see my sisters lizard running throughout her tank. Thumping her snout up against the glass as if she could escape, then swerving her way over to her food dish which was completely empty. She was a fat lizard, father says that if he found a lizard her size in the woods when he was younger he wouldn't hesitate to eat it. Then again he did go hungry to provide for our aunt and uncles and grandma. Her lizard cast out a shadow against the wall along with scraping sounds from her talons against the glass. I've had about enough. I wrap myself in my sheets like a cocoon and stood up facing the white door and turn the golden handle. I walk out into the living and my parents are watching something on the telescreen. "April, what are you still doing up?" My mother asks shocked. I walk past her and out the back door onto the enclosed patio. I shuffle my way over to a bamboo couch with some green, white, and pink floral patterned cushion on top of it. I flop myself down on my stomach on it and try to make myself as comfy as I can. "April?" My father calls from the window in the kitchen that is literally above the couch. I open my tired and frustrated eyes in irritation. "Too noisy. Can't sleep." Was all I could say. I hear him chuckle to himself. "Ok, miss survivalist." And he shuts the window leaving me with peace and quiet for once. I look out and see bright lights of bustling downtown district two shining and twinkling like stars. But over hear, out of what city we have there's actually stars that glow dimly across the midnight sky and accompany the moon with lighting the way of anyone who roamed the streets aimlessly at night. Taking care of them, letting them see what would be invisible without them. But it's the flashing lights of downtown that has me drawn to it. And slowly while watching the life of the city go on by me I finally drift off to sleep. "April!" Someone shouts and I wake with a start, jumping up from the couch. No, wait. I look down and see that my mattress is underneath me and that my head was lying on a pillow before. Dad must've brought me in. I rub my face before looking to the door and seeing my mothers outline against the light from the hallway. It must still be early. "Have you seen your father's lunch pack?" She asks. I shake my head sleepily and groan while I rub my nose. "That's all I needed to know." She says satisfied then shuts the door. "Gale," She calls for my father from what seems to be the other side of the house. "Artie," I hear my father condescendingly call back. I smirk into my pillow my parents were so weird. A couple hours later I'm up with the complete intention of faking that I'm totally happy and awake inside when really I'm tired and grumpy and just want to go back to sleep. I pull out my outfit for the day which is a dark blue tshirt, a grey long cardigan, some dark jeans, and hunting black boots my dad gave me as a gift this year since my old ones were getting holes in them. I pull my dark hair up in a messy bun and place a golden locket around my neck to remind me that I do in fact have a family who cares for me enough to pass it down to me. I stare at myself in the mirror for a while and pick out my imperfections. My upper lip is slightly bigger than my bottom lip, I'm beginning to have dark circles under my eyes from my sleepless nights, my freckles are starting to show up more prominently than before. Why am I getting up at nine thirty in the morning on a Saturday, nonetheless, in June? There's a knocking at my door and my mother opens it. I can hear the cheesy smile in her voice as she greets, "Hi Nim!" Nim. That's the reason. The only one who understands how it is to have a weird family like mine. Only his is a lot bigger than mine. Four brothers, two sisters, and a cousin that all live in the same house just down the road. I walk out of the bathroom to see his sun tanned face and freckles spread perfectly across his face. His shaggy, strawberry blonde hair hangs just above his crystal clear brown eyes. He's wearing a white tank top underneath a red plaid flannel, with muddy light jeans, and muddy work boots, accompanied by a matching pair of dirty what used to be white gloves. "Hi, Mrs. Hawthorne and Miss Hawthorne." He greets both my mother and myself as he places his hands on his hips. Nim and I have been friends for I don't know how long, we met when we were thirteen and now we're growing up together. Can't you smell it? Sniff . I'm girl next door material. He was my first kiss as was I to him, we had it in the field behind my house and I remember how tingly it made my lips feel. His only means of persuasion was that Dipper and Alessandra were seen kissing behind the garbage at school and that he wanted to try it but he figured it'd be weird if he did it on some random girl rather than his best friend. I haven't viewed him the same way ever since then. Although I don't think he really cares for me in that way. "Ready?" He asks me while handing me my bow from the closet. Yeah that's right I have a bow. Why? Because my father was a survivalist and I can be one too. Only I've never really caught on how to technically use this thing in the right form. My father took me out in the woods one day and tried to teach my how on squirrels and quails. All moving targets and I couldn't hit a darn thing. So I learned it my way which was to close my eyes, release the string and hope that it hits something, which ten percent of the time it does. I think Nim keeps me around for the company and for my oh so humorous quips I have about nature and how I secretly loathe it when in reality I sort of like it. My mother rolls her eyes at me when I accidentally clunk the black bow on the side of the kitchens entrance. In a few short steps I'm out the doorway that Nim has held open for me with a polite, "After you.". Soon we're trekking through the tall wheat field to the woods from across the ways