A/N: Greetings! This is a very different story from my first and second Fanfics - an AU take with a bad boy Jake Black and an extremely innocent Bella. Jake is a rock and roll lead guitarist in a very successful band, and Bella is the cousin of a professional groupie. When their paths cross, changes take place that neither side expects. This story contains VERY MATURE subject matter, really bad language, lemons, and some gratuitous drug and alcohol use, so if any of that offends you, please read with caution or don't read at all. All recognizable characters belong to Stephenie Meyer, but the story is mine. I took a long drag on the smoke dangling from my lips and exhaled sharply without bothering to take my hands off my axe. My forearm shook as I held that last note, listening to all the little screamers drench their thongs. I made eye contact with a blonde with tits the size of grapefruits in the third row. She was mesmerized. Her douche of a boyfriend was unabashedly trying to feel her up as she raised her hands over her head, clapping for me. I winked at her, a slow smile spreading across my face. Lifting my chin slightly at her, I raised one eyebrow. It was my signature move, and it was never known to fail. Her eyes got huge. Just like every chick's did. Every fuckin night. Fuck, if anyone had told me when I was six years old that the piece of shit I'd called a guitar back then would have the power to get me laid on a nightly basis, I'd've told them they were effing crazy. I swear, I'd've never bitched about the lessons once if I'd only known. My old man knew more than I did though. For once. Because here I was, 21 years old, getting more ass than a toilet seat, making a shit-ton of money and playing my guitar for a living. It was fuckin awesome. I let the string go with a flourish, sweeping my hand up in the air and shaking my head free of sweat. It's a rock thing; you wouldn't understand. It's all for show and we all do it. When we leave the stage, there's a puddle of sweat around each of our feet. You'd think it was gross. You'd be wrong. Chicks literally wipe it up with their clothes. They love it. After I shook out my hair and pieces of it stuck to the sweaty sides of my face, I took the pick and tossed it at Blondie in the third row. I watched as it reflected the light for a split second and then she jumped to catch it, her top riding up to show a good six inches of soft, flat, tanned belly. Yeah, I'd definitely be tapping that later. Her full lips pouted out in a baby-mouthed smile. Yeah, those lips would look great wrapped around my cock in about an hour or so. The guys were leaving the stage and the roadies stood prepared to take over - but Paul, our lead vocalist, wasn't ready. "C'mon, one more encore!" he said, excited as he always was at a show. "Freebird!" Seth and I groaned as Embry and Paul fist bumped. "No!" I insisted "No fuckin Freebird! I'm sick of doing that song. We'll be out there another half hour. Let's change up the encore and stick to our own stuff. Covers suck." "C'mon, Jake!" Paul pleaded. I looked at him. His pupils literally hid his irises. "Jesus, you stupid fuck. How much blow did you do before we went out there?" "Back the fuck off, Black. Who are you, my mother?" Embry giggled gleefully. If I didn't know better, I'd say that stupid shit was high too. But Embry never touched the stuff. He was a big enough pinhead without it. I rolled my eyes at Seth, then regarded Paul. Of course I had to be in charge once again. I said, "We'll do Hotel California. I'll do some long riffs so you don't fuck it up too much, okay – since you're high as a fuckin kite. We'll be done in ten minutes. And I got dibs on Blondie, third row center." "Hotel California?" Quil whined. "We'll sing 'em to sleep!" "That's the idea," I said. "Playlist says Freebird for the second encore," Embry grumbled. Everyone ignored him. We'd made that playlist at the beginning of the tour, and we regularly deviated from it. I'd decided weeks ago that Freebird was too much work for me after a two hour set. I played lead axe; I was the one doing all the performing for Freebird. Paul barely broke a sweat - what were there...ten words to that song? "Blondie in the third row," scoffed Paul sarcastically. "I got my eye on twins , mothafuckaaaa!" His voice went high at the end there and then trailed off. I stared at him, shaking my head and thinking of what an idiot he was. "Don't strain your cords, man," I said, patting him on the shoulder with a grin. Embry picked up a fresh pair of sticks and ran back out on stage, cracking them together over his head. The crowd was on its feet in seconds. Seth followed, picking up his bass where he left it leaning against a stack. Quil was out there a second later at the keyboard. Then I sauntered out. When I hit the stage the crowd got exponentially louder. But Paul always got everyone to go wild. The screams were deafening - and that was with earplugs in. I started in and lighters flicked to life all over the theater. The spot was trained on me and me only as I plucked out an improvised, extended version of the intro. Seth stayed with me every step of the way - that kid had talent dripping off him. The Eagles always went acoustic on this, and while I respected their choice, I didn't agree with it. Besides, I liked the whine of my axe as I picked out the Spanish-inspired notes. You could've heard a pin drop. As soon as the crowd recognized the radio-familiar eight count beginning of the lead-in, they were jumping up and down, screaming like they were in the presence of God himself. The spot expanded to include the whole stage. Paul practically made love to the mike as he wailed, "On a dark desert highway...Cool wind in my hair..." I had to admit, the guy had amazing pipes. At the end of the song, as I played the extro, Paul shouted, "Jake Black on lead guitar, ladies and gentlemen!" I raised my instrument up over my head, playing it behind my neck for show. For fun. The crowd exploded. He went around and re-introduced everyone, starting with Embry. When he got to Seth, the crowd lost it again. Then it was my turn. I ambled over to the mike and shouted, "Ladies and gents, that's Paul BelAire doing our lead vocals!" Paul took a bow to the thunder of the fans. Yeah, that's not his real name. But BelAire is a lot cooler than Lahote. We assembled upstage and the house lights came up. We took a bow or two. Then we were out. Done. The roadies took the stage as we cleared out as I threw another wink in the direction of Blondie. I leaned over to one of the crew. This was Emmett, a monster of a guy who'd been with us since the early days. He got plenty of tail in his own right, and I always sent him to bring me my groupie of the evening. He was nice to them without being too pushy, and never promised more than I'd deliver. I nodded in Blondie's direction. "Backstage pass for her, lose the boyfriend," I told him. He nodded once, finished coiling up the stack lead he was working on, and hopped down to flag her over. I disappeared. She'd be escorted backstage in fifteen minutes. Emmett was that good. Back in the dressing room, we each poured our favorite poison. Mine was vodka, straight, very cold, no ice. I preferred it be kept in the freezer. One swallow of that down my throat revived me from the heat and sweat onstage. I finished it in two gulps. Shrugging off the black leather vest I wore as a shirt onstage, I tossed it on the sofa. "Where's the food?" I asked. This was a rhetorical question that I asked after every show. It was meant to be humorous, though no one laughed any more. The table backstage was literally sagging with eats. As required, two coolers of 24 bottles of non-carbonated spring water on ice stood under the table. Seventeen diet Cokes and seventeen regular Cokes stood like soldiers on the end of the table, cooling their heels in an ice bath. Assorted 100% fruit juice bottles completed the beverage area - not including the bar, of course. That was set up in a different part of the room and had anything you could possibly want - or at least anything we could possibly want. There were nineteen hot and cold sandwiches on the table. The sandwiches were wrapped and labeled, four for me, three for Seth, four for Quil, three for Embry, and five for Paul. In addition, there was always a large green salad with a "selection" (caterer-speak) of dressings and toppings, a fruit plate for twenty people with a minimum of six different fruits, brownies and cookies, and candy galore. Seth had to have a gallon of 2% milk, a loaf of white bread, and a jar of Jif crunchy peanut butter. Also, one jar of honey. For Quil. Don't ask. I found my hot beef sandwich, prepared as directed, and set myself down on one of the leather sofas to eat. The first bite after that swig of vodka was always the best. This one was good. There was something about Midwest beef, and Chicago knew how to make a great cow-meat sandwich. The hot peppers mingled with the salt on my tongue as I sucked the juice out. Damn, I loved a good hot roast beef. "You're eating that thing like you wanna make love to it," Seth commented with a grin, his own sandwich half-gone. "Mmmm, I luff this schtuff," I garbled, my mouth full. "Yeah, they make some good beef here. Where are we again?" "Chicago," Quil supplied. "Yeah, should've known," Seth said, taking another bite. We wolfed the sandwiches down. Not only were we hungry, but the babes would be here soon. The gotes, as we called them, or groupies of the evening. Each guy usually had their pick. It was an odd night when Paul didn't have at least two (hence the five sandwiches) but the rest of us settled for one. I honestly didn't have the energy after a show - though I'd tried it a time or two. It was interesting, if nothing else. And one tongue on your cock and one on your balls is nothing to sneeze at. I'd finished two sandwiches and a salad, and was munching some pineapple when Emmett showed up with Blondie. She was your typical gote; all, "Oh my god, I can't believe this, I'm such a huge fan, can I have your autograph?" Peter and Jasper came in just a couple of minutes later with Quil's pick and Paul's chosen ones for the night. Paul had spoken the truth; he had actually scored a set of gorgeous brunette twins. We went through the same scene again; it was like they'd memorized the lines or something. Seth grinned at me as I pulled Blondie down next to me on the sofa. "Hey, baby," I said. "Nice of you to come out tonight." She seemed to be all star-struck and hesitant. It was cute. "Thanks," she managed. "You want a drink, honey?"