Light in the Order of Souls Chapter I- Hope for the Spirit of the Lost He lay curled up, whimpering in his only space, but even there he feels trapped, bewildered and angry and sad. He couldn't help but hold in that hopeless wave of what; he doesn't know. He doesn't know what he could have done wrong, or what his parents had done. Though, he knows his family lie about his mother and father, just one look and he can see through them to the things underneath. It's like looking in the face of hate, jealousy, and anger if these feelings were given substance. He doesn't know why he was left here of all places, why his mother or father would wish this on him, or anyone for that matter. He's always hungry, and always feeling sick, not that he has enough in him to be sick. His skin is pale enough that he could be mistaken for a vampire if in fact vampires were to exist. However, thinking about the 'odd' is strictly forbidden in this house, which just made the raven haired Harry James Potter feel validated that weird things are real. He knows weird things are real because he can do them. He can see right passed the lies whether in a person or object to the truth hidden, buried beneath. Then the whole levitating stuff thing with just a simple look... well, it's a simple look now but it took him some time to figure it out. He had noticed the odd things his uncle beat him for, and tried to replicate them. It's stupid thinking about all the times his uncle had beat him for these, 'odd' happenings when it became obvious that they responded best to need, especially defensive need. So, Harry being smart realised that if he ever wants to escape, and gain his freedom he has to learn to use these powers. Harry has been tormented and tortured every day since he can remember being here. His Uncle Vernon just loves to take out his anger on Harry with a belt. It didn't help that Harry heals so fast that within hours any real damage is gone, but healing so much, so fast seems to have some negative side effects too. Then his Aunt Petunia; his mothers older sister, though doesn't hit him much goes out of her way to be vindictive and cruel to him. It's so petty and full of jealousy. It isn't too hard to see that the jealousy has something to do with his freakishness. This leads him to realise that his mother and father, being 'freaks' too means that they must have had powers too, which means there might be others. If there are others like him then why would they just leave him here? They should want to protect their own, shouldn't they? He doesn't know or understand. However, what Harry finds worse is having to dumb down at school because of his Cousin Dudley Dursley. It's not just dumbing down or suffering a beating for 'cheating', but DUMBING down! How one elephant boy can be that stupid Harry may never know? It's always seemed odd that his school doesn't notice anything wrong. Heck, he can't even walk very far he's so fragile from lack of food, and moves with a slight stagger even though because of all his 'chores/punishments' his body has muscle, but it's more like a super lean, skinny muscles because of lack of anything, muscle lacking the energy. Harry doesn't cry anymore, or show much in the way of real emotions; he needs them controlled to some degree. Control allows him to block off the pain, to have power over his own mind, and more, control of his emotions is a deeper control of his powers. If he controls his powers, someday soon he'll escape. He can't stand these people any longer. He hates these people, and he hates this house and the neighbours and just everything about this life. He's certain somewhere, somewhere he can find something good, nice, maybe a friend who will look out for him and he can look out for in return. His eyes peeled open, near alight, glowing emeralds. He was just wearing some too big blue shorts held up by a piece of string and a torn up filthy white tee shirt. He wondered how the teachers at school think he's a troublemaker, believing the Dursley's when they dress him in rags. He could feel the bruises on his body healing as he lay on the stinky blood and sweat soaked thin mattress on the floor of the tiny locked cupboard without any blankets to keep him warm at night. He was always caked in his dried blood somewhere, but now he had some coating his face around his left eye as the cut and swelling faded. Suddenly he stiffened as he saw a large shadow pass by his door. "Petunia!" his uncle said loudly from the other side; his gruff voice echoing. It hadn't been long since he had re-broken Harry as he calls it since he self-repairs in just hours. "Yes dear!" she replied as she came out into the hall just outside Harry's door. He held his breath, listening because this didn't sound too good. "I've had enough of these god dammed freaky letters!" Vernon boomed angrily. Oh yes, the letters, Harry grimaced. The letter's from nobody to nobody; with the owls outside during broad daylight too. They had started arriving just a few days ago and won't stop, which means Harry gets a beating as if it's his fault with each letter found in odd places around the house. He's not stupid; he realised these letters must be from his people because it seems only they could address a letter to a child under the stairs and not think anything of it. No, instead they just continue sending them, lavishing in Harry's pain because of them, obviously, or they're really that stupid. "We should get rid of the little freak before any of them turn up here!" Vernon continued, and Harry worried what he meant by 'get rid of'. Does he mean dump somewhere or kill; he wouldn't put either passed them. His aunt seemed to be thinking for a moment before replying. "But where and how, what about them?" she asked worried for them, not Harry. "We didn't ask for the freak!" he said heatedly. "If they haven't just come and taken it then we'll just take it far enough away that it won't find its way back; then who cares!" The cupboard door pulled hard open blinding Harry with light. He put his hands over his eyes to protect them, and felt a beefy hand grab his ankle, he screeched as he was-pulled from the safety of his cupboard. "Shut up!" the whale of a man bellowed pulling him into the hall, throwing him into the wall. It cracked under the pressure as he hit it, falling to the ground he felt the world blurring around him. Then with one back hand to the head Harry slid down the wall, eyes fluttering closed and passed out. Harry was shivering; cold on a soggy mush of dirty grass when he woke with a start, looking to his lap he startled the small badger as it was crawling over him. He flinched as he heard its hiss before his eyes lit up with a fuzz of gold light and the creature was lifted by an invisible grip and tossed away from him. The furry 'monster' landed, rolling to his feet and seemed to glare at Harry before running off into the thick foliage of the trees. He looked around, worried after he made sure he wasn't going to be eaten by wild animals. He had been dumped behind some bushes in a huge woodland area, the other side of which is a deserted road with more woodland the other side of that. He frowned, sitting up straight before he stood to his bare feet, tightening the string holding up his shorts. Harry doesn't know where he is or what he's going to do. He felt lost, drained and most of all hungry. If it weren't for his strange power he wouldn't be able to see anything. It was natural to see in the dark since he spent so much time in the dark; locked in his cupboard. Standing he shook his head clear of the fuzzy feeling he sometimes gets when standing up too quick after going so long without food. He knows he'll have to fend for himself now he's been thrown away like trash. However, though he knows that people can hunt and kill something for dinner, how does he do that? Could he really use his powers to kill something to eat? He doubts he could, but then he also knows that meat doesn't sit right with him. He's not sure why but it seems more that his body isn't used to it like it should be or something. He looked around, towards the bush. It had some kind of black coloured berries on it. He just blew caution to the wind; after all he had been force fed bleach before, and though violently sick it didn't kill him. Therefore he plucked up a berry and looked it over before popping it into his mouth, chewing. His eyes widened as the flavour burst on his tongue. It was sweet and juicy and before he realised he was plucking more off, letting the juicy berries tantalise his taste buds. He finished up, eating his fill, licking his purpled lips clean of the juice. It was only after he had eaten that he took better stock of his situation, and the thought of worry was top on his list of things to do. He's ten, nearly eleven, or he might be eleven; he's not too sure what day it is, the summer holidays do that to him. He can honestly admit he was feeling the odd mix of elation and fear. He had dreamed of being alone, no more Dursley's, but those dreams always had someone coming to his rescue and saving him; then going to live with a nice person who will look after him. However, he doesn't know what would happen if he found someone. What if the police came and took him back to the Dursley's? Nobody else cared about how they treat him so why would the law be any different? Taking in a deep breath of fresh, clear and fool free air he couldn't help but smile a little. He didn't know where to go but just started walking anyway, deeper into the woodland away from the road, looking to see whether he can find a place to wait for the sun to come up where he might be safe. It wasn't long before he found a large tree next to a large pond and settled down at the tree base feeling tired he drifted off almost instantly. He yawned and pealed his eyes open sometime later as the bright sun pushed down through the foliage of the trees above, waking him. However, he blinked several times in surprise as he looked to see a young girl watching him closely. She has bright red hair, like flames, alight with crimsons and scarlet's hanging down, tied back at her waist. She's a slender girl with very pale, milky skin, but not unhealthy like his. She has some freckles on and over her nose and cheeks with big brown eyes full of wonder. Looking her over, she was wearing an old blue summer dress, hanging just above her knees and fitting her well. She has a soft and gentle expression as she was hunched down on the heels of her sandals with bare little feet and glitter painted toe and finger nails. He had never seen someone shine so radiant. Sure, kids tent to all be