Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling and Warner Bros. All fics posted at this community were written entirely for fun, not for profit, and no copyright infringement is intended. Main characters: Draco Malfoy, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Blaise Zabini Summary: Secret Santa at Hogwarts with every House participating in the name of unity... And Hermione suddenly finds herself in the position of a matchmaker. Author's Note(s): This story was written for the HP Mini Fest 2016. I've included my prompts at the end of the story... Thanks to thewaterfalcon for beta reading the whole story... The feedback was much appreciated! =) Rating: T (contains an implied sexual scene) It was late afternoon on the first day in December, and Hermione was crouching over her homework in the Hogwarts library. She wanted to revise her latest essay once more, before it was due in two days, as she wasn't quite happy with how she organised several paragraphs. So, her essay now looked more red than anything else from her striking through a lot, and writing down remarks on the edge. At least, the essay kept her from pondering too much about the whole Secret Santa event the school has organised. Even she―despite being Honourable Head Girl in her eighth and last year―had to take part in it, to her dismay. It was just that she had absolutely no clue who the student was she had drawn earlier that day; even Ginny could only say that he belonged to Ravenclaw House. "Don't you ever take a break, Granger?" With a smirk, Draco placed his bag in the chair opposite her before pulling up the one next to it to sit down. "And yes, you already told me about setting an example as Honourable Head Girl..." "Hello, Malfoy." Hermione leaned back, stretching her back in the process. "How was Charms?" she asked with a dry smile, knowing that it wasn't his favourite subject here at Hogwarts; he only really liked Potions anyway, and even outdid her in that class. "You know I hate it." He pulled out his homework―an essay in Potions, as Hermione gathered from the books and scrolls he placed next to him. "You hate everything, I know." She shrugged, and pulled a water bottle from her bag. She figured she could take a break for a few minutes before continuing with her essay revision, so she watched Draco fuss about the books and scrolls in front of him, as he muttered, quietly. Quite a few students still found it remarkable―and reason enough for rude comments―that Malfoy got along well with her and her friends after the War, that they even studied together. Only few of them knew how that came to be. Malfoy had to go through a hearing, and they had helped him build a solid defence; he ended up only being sentenced to finish his education at Hogwarts, hence forcing him to do the eighth year next to her and her friends. Their unlikely friendship, however, did help his reputation, and he wasn't bullied as much as he had feared at the beginning of the year. But this afternoon, she was sure that his sour mood was caused by something else, as he didn't care that much anymore about what others thought of him. "What?" he asked, rather unnerved, when he saw that she was watching him. "Nothing. Just taking a break." "Really?" He leaned back, fidgeting with his quill. "Yes. The whole Secret Santa thing is keeping me from concentrating properly." She saw him wince at the mention of the Secret Santa, and knew she had hit the source of his irritation. "Yes. Whoever came up with that stupid idea needs to be roasted. House unity, my arse." He sneered the last words, still drumming on the table with his quill. "Who did you draw?" She put her bottle on the table, and sighed. "Goldstein, he's a Ravenclaw. Besides that, I have no clue who he is, actually. You?" He frowned, pursing his lips, and crossed his arms. "Potter." "You drew Harry?" she asked in disbelief, and bit her lip to avoid bursting into laughter. "Yes." He heaved a sigh, and rubbed his face. "You two, really." "Come on, this has to be some sick joke, me drawing Potter." He slid down in his chair, visibly uncomfortable with the situation. "Why? I mean you do get along–" "I don't think he really likes me. Why should I give someone a present who doesn't like me?" Hermione heard the resigned sigh at the end of his words. "Malfoy, please. That's not the case; he would have killed you by now if he didn't like you." "That's not what I meant," he retorted, drumming on the table again with his quill. "I know," she said, smiling warmly. "I know you like him. I saw you two work during the preparations for your hearing. I just never thought you'd get so close, with your history and everything–" He groaned, and raked through his hair with one hands. "Gods, you really know. " "Yes. I do–" "Only makes it worse, really," he huffed. "I'm going to make a fool out of myself... As if that night wasn't bad enough–" "What night?" Hermione asked, leaning forward, tilting her head slightly. She knew that Draco had always been rather discreet about his private life, as there was so much at stake for him, being the Malfoy heir and everything. She knew about his preferences for a while know―since the preparations for his hearing, in fact―but had decided that she better kept it to herself. However, she had never heard either of them mention anything about a night together. He leaned back even further and crossed his arms, ignoring the reddened cheeks. "I'll only ever admit that Potter and I were drunk that night. You won't ever hear anything else from me. And I will kill you if you ever tell anyone else..." "Calm down, Malfoy. Your secret's safe with me. Seriously." She raised one of her hands, and placed the other on her chest, as if she was taking a vow. "It was such a stupid thing to do," he muttered, and picked up his quill again. "The whole thing is stupid–" "It is," she agreed with a sigh, smiling softly as she watched him trying to distract himself with his Potions essay. He looked up once more, studying her with his piercing look, then shook his head, and sneered."Really stupid idea. Me and Golden Boy–" "Don't call him that, please. At least not when I'm around." He returned his focus on his essay. "Why not? I'm sure he still calls me ferret, and everything–" "He doesn't. And you know that," she retorted, snorting. She considered continuing her own essay, but then she shrugged her shoulders, and let out a deep sigh. "Look, if it helps you ease your mind, I'll help you find a gift for Harry, but you'll owe me one for that." With that, he looked up once more, his brows slightly furrowed, but a small grin on his lips. "You would?" "Someone has to end your misery. And don't forget, you owe me one. A big one." And with his nod in relief, she was finally able to return her attention to her own essay. The following Saturday, Hermione joined Harry on the Quidditch pitch, where he was observing the training of the Gryffindor team from the stands; he had agreed to take over the position of coach when the team had asked him, calling it a great honour to share the House with him. "They're good. Is Ginny not here today?" Hermione commented, after a few minutes of just watching the team train; she was feeling cold, despite the Heating Charms on her jumper as well as her thick coat―this year's winter was proving to be a harsh one so far. Hopefully it would snow in time for Christmas, but at least it wasn't raining this evening. Harry shook his head. "Some sort of accident, she said. But they could very well do without me," he replied, nodding, whilst intently watching the team that was flying around over their head. Hermione knew that he was making mental notes about the details the team needed to work on―if only he showed the same enthusiasm for the rest of his school curriculum, he wouldn't have to rely so much on her notes. "Maybe." She shrugged, and rubbed her arms. "Have you heard who Ron drew for the Secret Santa?" she asked. Something in the way he was watching the team today told her that he had something else on his mind entirely―he probably wasn't too happy about the Secret Santa either, like most of the school. "Yes, he won't stop talking about it. Pansy this, Pansy that." "Yeah, one could think he actually likes her," she added with a giggle, and nudged him in the side. "I drew someone from Ravenclaw, and I have no idea who it is..." Harry chuckled. "Madam Pomfrey will need to treat him for shock when he sees on Revelation Day who was his Secret Santa. Almost all students adore you, Honourable Head Girl ." She let out a desperate groan. "Don't you and Malfoy ever grow tired of teasing me with that?" "Never," he replied with a short smirk. "JOHNSON, FLY HIGHER!" "Yes, boss!" " Boss ?" Hermione giggled, but she didn't miss his nervous outburst at the Chaser who was flying high enough in her eyes. "So, who did you draw?" she then asked, leaning a bit closer because she was indeed curious to know. Instead of answering, Harry pulled his glasses off to wipe them for a few seemingly long seconds. "JOHNSON, I SAID HIGHER!" "Harry, come on, it can't be that bad," she prodded him. "At least not as bad as Ron and Pansy..." He raised an eyebrow when he finally looked at her, squinting because he held his glasses still in his fingers. "It's Malfoy, okay?" he admitted, slowly putting his glasses back on his nose, "I drew Malfoy." Hermione had to press her lips together in order to avoid laughing out loud. This was just perfect―they both fancied each other, and this was the chance to help them see it, too. "Why is that bad?" she then asked, trying to sound warmly. "Come on, Hermione, he always acts weird when I'm around, as if he doesn't like me. I mean... working together on the defence for his hearing was great, you know? As if we connected somehow. But now? We barely talk... It's like he's avoiding me on purpose now that he's got what he wanted–" "I don't think that's the case, Harry. Maybe he's just confused, I don't know." She shrugged. "SINGH, THAT'S NOT HOW YOU HOLD A QUAFFLE!" "Harry, she was holding it right, don't take it out on them." She laid her hand on his forearm to get his attention. "Look, I know the whole situation is complicated, okay? I know it's not easy―not for you, and especially not for him, traditions and everything." She leaned a bit closer, her hand still firmly on his arm. "But I wasn't exactly blind as to how close you two were during the preparations for his trial–" "You know about that night?" "As I said, I wasn't exactly blind, Harry." She patted his arm reassuringly, throwing him a knowing look. "Ron was." "Oh Ron. He never notices those kind of things," she replied, chuckling. "But you would notice them if it was me in your position." "Maybe," he replied and joined her in her chuckling. "So, what do you think I should get him, then?" "Oh, if you want my advice, then you'll have to do me a favour, Harry." "Like what?" he asked, raising his eyebrow once more. She stared at him for a moment. "Do you even know why I rather stay here with you when you know that I hate being cold, instead of sitting