Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling and Warner Bros. All fics posted at this community were written entirely for fun, not for profit, and no copyright infringement is intended. Main characters: Draco Malfoy, Astoria Greengrass Summary: The morning after the annual Christmas party at the Ministry, Astoria wakes up hung-over and tries to recollect the events of the night before. Author's Note(s): This story was a submission to the Mini Fest 2016 over on LJ. The prompt is included at the end of the story... Thanks to thewaterfalcon for beta reading my story, the help was much appreciated! =) Rating: NC-17 (contains an explicit scene) Astoria woke up with a small groan, feeling thoroughly groggy, and with a throbbing head, not to mention that she felt rather disoriented. At least she didn't feel nauseous, just still exhausted and—to her surprise—a little sore, especially between her legs. She still had her eyes closed, the bright light in the room was already making her head throb enough through the lids. With another small groan, she tried to move, until she finally realised she was lying all nestled up against someone else—and from what she could feel, they were both naked. Merlin, what the hell? Still afraid to open her eyes to the light in the room, she first tried to figure out more, using her other senses. Ah yes, she could feel the outlines of a well-toned upper body with her hand, most definitely male. But who was it? Who was she so comfortably nestled up against? And who had his arm wrapped around her as if he was protecting her from something? She had to know, so she finally opened her eyes and immediately let out a low, pained groan in response to the brightness of the room—and then with another groan when she recognised who it was beside her. Oh, for fuck's sake, it was Draco! How much had she to drink to drag him off like that? The last two times she had dragged off someone like that after an office party weren't exactly glorious moments in her life. Oh no, they definitely weren't! One was after breaking up with her ex, who had dared to cheat on her with a colleague—from the office just across the floor of all rooms! And the second time? What about the second time? Astoria was sure that her ex had nothing to do with it—ah no, he did have something to do with it! It had been a disastrous week at work, and then he dared to show up at the Charity event for war orphans—or whatever it was—with that girl from across the floor on his arms. Gods, yes, she had been piss-drunk both times, but she was sure she hadn't had as much the night before. Now slightly more accustomed to the bright light—and her head throbbing less—she studied Draco's face for a moment. His hair was all messed-up, as if someone had been raking their hands through it all night, as if she had been raking her hands through it. As if? She most probably had, she realised with a broadening grin. And he looked as relaxed as she felt, even with a soft smile curling up his lips. Yes, relaxed, not ashamed, or guilty. Relaxed, and nestling comfortably against his body—his regular deep breaths and the warmth started to lull her again; it actually felt good, not like the other two mornings after. Maybe because it was Draco, after all. With a content sigh, she took a short look around in the room, and recognised absolutely nothing; this meant at least one thing—she didn't drag him off to her place. Just how the hell did they end up here? And what was this place? Realising that those were questions that would be answered later, she nestled her still throbbing head back on his shoulder, revelling a bit in the quiet moment. Yes, it was nice. Draco moved his legs, pulling her a tad closer in his sleep. Astoria smiled at that gesture; his hand gently stroked over the skin of her waist, which sent a small shiver down her spine. And the memories of the night before slowly came back, only few things at first, and still rather hazy. They had both participated at the official Christmas party of the Ministry, usually a huge event, given the amount of employees; only the atrium was big enough to house that amount of people in the same place, festively decorated to fit the holiday and even a group playing music on a small stage, the tables draped around it. When Shacklebolt had held his usually boring end-of-the-year speech, everyone was still seated according to their departments—Draco and the rest of his Auror colleagues were sitting on one side of the podium, she with her colleagues from the accounting department not that far off, a bit more to the less glorious back. The Aurors were always placed just like that during official events like the annual Christmas party—they were, after all, the most famous department, especially after Potter joined, and who didn't want to have a piece of his fame? She knew that Draco didn't want to be placed so prominently, as quite a few people had still some reservations about him, to put it nicely; but he wasn't above using Potter's spotlight to present himself in a better light. Draco had long since proven that he was a valuable team member they could rely on, especially for the more delicate cases. She could see him from where she had been seated; he had been handsome in his suit, foregoing his Auror robes for once. Oh yes, he had been delectably handsome last night! She remembered how he had laughed at some joke from a fellow Auror—she couldn't remember his name—and then glared, annoyed at Blaise, who had leaned over from his table to tell him something; she didn't remember what department Blaise worked in, not that she actually cared at all. When Draco then looked over to her, she tried to flash a warm smile in his direction; to which he responded with a smirk, raising his glass. Ah yes, she loved that smirk. He usually wore it when he came down to her office to hand in his claims of expenses; it was always an amused smirk, as if he was anticipating the following exchange of words between them. He was actually the only one from the Auror department to hand them in personally, everyone else sent them with the internal messaging system. One of the last times, he had even brought her a small souvenir from his case abroad, adding that it reminded him of her when he had seen it. Gods, she had been glad that her office colleague had been out at a case meeting that morning, because she must have been blushing deeply—and then they ended up talking about work, with him telling her how he had saved his partner from getting accidentally incinerated by a misguided spell. Oh yes, she loved his visits in her office, they always were entertaining moments. But hadn't they recently even spent her morning coffee break in the cafeteria because he arrived at her office when she was about to leave for her break? Now, thinking about it, he might have timed it exactly, just to spend some time with her. Oh, he had been absolutely charming that day, even made her laugh with a story about Potter at work. In the end, she had even forgotten that she should have been back at work after twenty minutes, a first ever since she had started working in her position; her colleagues had definitely raised their brows rather questioningly when she finally did return from her break, a big smile plastered on her face, but not giving away any details—she didn't want to fuel the gossip that was constantly cycling through the Ministry, though someone must have seen them talk during her break. But did she walk over to him at the Christmas party, or did he come over to her table? She didn't quite know—might as well be that she walked over because she started to get bored of the gossip her female colleagues from accounting loved to share. No, she definitely hadn't been interested in who was getting married, or who had been caught snogging in a broom cupboard not too long ago, fake indignation included. Ah yes, she did walk over, and claimed the empty seat next to Draco. Gods, his eyes when he had sized her up in the first few moments! She never knew before that someone's eyes could change their shade like that! It had made her feel great to see that she had such an effect on someone like him... She immediately felt more at ease at his table, at least it was far more entertaining, as his colleagues shared the stories of their various cases, to her amusement; the more alcohol had been drunk, the more audacious the stories became. And the stories that redhead told about how he and Potter ended up in one of those underground clubs and left with a pile of phone numbers had her in stitches. Throughout, Draco kept his arm around her, constantly gently touching her on her back and shoulders. That redhead—if only she could remember his name!—had teased him about it, and she had handed it right back to everyone's amusement, with a nod to the pile of phone numbers from his story. She might look like an innocent pure-blood girl, but she had a sharp tongue and a dirty sense of humour—and it must have been a huge turn-on for Draco, because that was the moment when his touches became more daring, his other hand wandering up her thigh. She did the same, letting her hand wander up his thigh until she was close to his groin. Gods, did they really touch each other like that, with everybody around and probably knowing what was going on between them? Astoria couldn't help but grin sheepishly at this, it had been exhilarating! The next thing she remembered was them kissing passionately in some far-away corner. His kisses were hot, addictive even, making her forget everything around them; his hands roaming underneath her pulled-up dress only added to the exhilarating feeling in that moment. But, she most definitely lost it for a second or two when he had slipped his hand inside her knickers and delved in between her folds. Thank the gods for walls she could lean on, she wouldn't have been able to keep upright otherwise, even less so when he started whispering what else he'd like to do with her that evening—it had excited her beyond anything. Gods, she would have taken him right there—she could hear the want in his voice and feel his erection press against her belly whenever she arched her hips into his in response to his strokes—if it hadn't been for Blaise interrupting them. That prick had had the audacity to congratulate Draco on his luck! No wonder that Draco had stopped his attentions, his face shifting between murderous, and embarrassed. If looks could kill, he might have killed Blaise several times over for interrupting. Instead, he started to apologise to her, but she hadn't wanted to hear any of it—no, she rather pulled him back down for another kiss, wanting to continue what they had started. Just how did they arrive here? Apparate? Or through the Floo Network? What place was this exactly? His? No, not his, not his style. At least the bed was really comfortable—and surprisingly solid, as they hadn't held back as soon as they had got their clothes off. Thank the gods that she remembered to cast the Contraception Spell on herself before leaving home for the party, because she surely didn't have any time or capacity to cast it when they finally got on. Remembering all that now, she thought that