Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling and Warner Bros. All fics posted at this community were written entirely for fun, not for profit, and no copyright infringement is intended. Pairing: Draco/Hermione Main characters: Draco Malfoy, Hermione Granger , Blaise Zabini, Astoria Greengrass-Zabini, Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Pansy Parkinson, OC. Summary: It's been eight years since Draco last spoke with Hermione, and now she has disappeared... Author's Note(s): This story was hugely inspired by reeby10 In the Beginning A Flame (check it out on AO3) Lots of thanks to Laura for proof reading this story! Your help is very much appreciated, my dear! :) Rating: NC-17 (mostly for violence: there WILL be graphic depictions of violence and death, as well as profanity, etc.) It was a normal Tuesday morning, and Draco was sitting in his minimalistically furnished office on the top floor of his company. He had taken it over when his father had been sentenced to life in Azkaban, and had proven to be rather talented in business matters, divesting all questionable connections and investments, as well as concentrating on research and development of new technology for the wizarding world. Besides that, he had made a point of studying the structures of successful Muggle companies, and implemented similar structures; nowadays, his company was an established household name, not just in Great Britain, but throughout Europe with plans to expand further. So, that morning he was going through the daily reports from the Research and Development Departments with Astoria, his personal assistant. It was their daily ritual—and as usual, she was sitting next to him for easier note taking. "There isn't much to report today, it seems. The Research Department still say they are stuck on figuring out the newest technologies. And they claim that they are severely understaffed to achieve anything." "They always claim this," Draco replied without looking up from his notes; however he pulled up his agenda to check his schedule, and then sighed. "Tell the Head of Department I might have a couple of minutes left tomorrow to discuss his claim. But he hasn't really any reason to complain, his Department already has the most employees..." "Yes, I told him the same, but he still wants to discuss it. Says he has a few ideas." " Ideas . I hate that word when it comes from him." Draco groaned, and pinched his nose in an attempt to avoid a facepalm in response to the insistence of his Head of Research Department; he then checked his agenda once more, sighing wearily. "Let's see. Okay, tell him I have some time for him on Thursday after four . Wonder what kind of ideas he has this time..." "Noted." She checked her Quick-Note Quill to make sure it had penned down the correct information, and then eyed Draco with a worried look. "You okay? You look tired..." Draco nodded, his gaze still fixed on his agenda, which was always filled with meetings, appointments and other important dates he shouldn't miss. It had kept him busy for the last ten years or so, and he was glad about it—he wouldn't know where he'd be now if he hadn't had the little agenda and the company to distract him from other things he wanted to forget, but still couldn't. "I'm fine, Astoria," he replied, though it wasn't quite true, as he was starting to feel tired—not physically tired, but emotionally. "You don't have to ask me every morning," he added, finally looking up. "And you know I will keep asking you every morning. Why don't you take a break? Go on a holiday and relax, enjoy the sun a bit in the Caribbean." "And leave the company alone?" he asked sceptically, and leaned back in his director's chair. She nodded. "Blaise and I can keep the company running for you. And I'm sure Pansy will help as well. Take a break, it will do you good," she continued with a concerned voice. "Please. You need it. We all think that you buried yourself in work long enough–" "Is there anything else concerning the Departments I need to know?" he interrupted her, clenching his jaw. Burying himself in work was what had kept him alive all that time. He couldn't allow himself a break because that would mean he had time to think about things he had gone through enough times on sleepless nights. "Draco, please at least consider it, ma–" "I think we're finished for today, right?" Draco said, a low growl in his voice as a sign that he wasn't going to accept any further discussion on the matter. "I get it," she shot back, not in the least intimidated by his growl. "No need to talk to me like that, Draco, okay? I'm your friend, and as such I'm worried about you." "You always are." She smiled softly. "Yes. That's what friends are for. To worry about each other, make sure you're okay." With that, she started collecting her Quick-Note Quill and her penned down notes in order to go back to her desk just outside his office. "Don't forget that the Irish Ministry is waiting for your call." "Thanks." With a faint smile, he watched her get up and leave him to the preparation for the appointment that was scheduled two hours later. He might place the call to the Irish Ministry just before that, it was only to confirm their latest transaction anyway. .xx. About an hour after Astoria had left his office, Draco was pulled from his thoughts by the sound of a small owl pecking at the only window that could be opened. He immediately recognised the small owl—it was Maude, Theo's favourite owl for when he wanted to send him a message. Draco got up, smiling shortly at the fact that Theo still refused to use one of the devices his Development Department had struggled to figure out the details for to keep him informed about certain things, stating that the owl was more inconspicuous because he was sending owls all the time, anyway. "Come on in, Maude. Let's see what Theo has this time." The bird hopped inside, straight towards the desk, where she knew he had a few owl treats in store for her. She hooted quietly when he joined her at the desk, offering her the owl treats in exchange for the note on her leg. Draco put the note on the side when he managed to get it off her leg. "One last treat for you, and then you go back to Theo, okay? Bite him in the finger for me..." He offered the owl another treat and then let her out of the window again, watching her fly back towards the Ministry until he couldn't make her out any longer in the grey sky. He liked the bird, she was the closest thing to a pet he had and treated her accordingly—at least one creature he could treat with a bit of love. He used to treat another person the same way, treating her with all the love he had; those happier days were long gone, but he still yearned for them to come back. With a sigh, he finally unfolded the note to read it. Have you read today's Prophet yet? I think you should be informed about that. Theo "The Prophet?" he let out in confusion, and then realised that he indeed hadn't read through it yet. He hadn't even seen today's edition anywhere, not on his desk, not on Astoria's, and he guessed it was even hidden away downstairs in the entrance hall. Irritated that his friends thought it once more necessary to hide the newspaper from him, he stormed out of the office. "Astoria!" "No need to shout my name like that," she retorted, looking up from the report she was checking. "Where's your husband?" Draco asked, a low growl in his voice. "In his office, as he always is at this time when you both aren't in a meeting or anything similar. What's the matter?" Draco dismissed her question with a wave of his hand and left to walk towards the stairs that would lead him down one floor to Blaise's office. "Nothing." "Gods, Theo has sent you another note, hasn't he?" Astoria followed him, struggling to keep up with his fast, angry stride. "I told him to stop that, because it's doing you no good–" That made Draco stop and turn around. "I know you do everything to keep anything about her out of my sight. I know you filter out my messages, so I need someone else to keep me updated, okay?" "That's what I mean. How are you supposed to let go if he keeps reminding you all the time?" "No." He turned back around to continue storming down to Blaise's office, with Astoria following as fast as she could. Moments later, Draco burst into Blaise's office, letting the door slam into the wall behind it. "Why do you keep hiding the Prophet?" "Theo has sent him a message, Blaise!" Astoria shouted from the hallway to warn her husband about the reason for this interruption. With an exasperated sigh, Blaise got up to meet Draco on eye level, his arms crossed on his chest. "Because I need you to be in a good enough mood for the appointment later. You do remember that we're meeting the representatives from Hungary in an hour, right?" Draco shook his head, ignoring Blaise's remark, and banged the note he received from Theo on the desk instead. "What am I not supposed to know this time?" "Theo is an arsehole for doing this. We told him both to stop it. And I'm not going to tell you, nor am I going to give you the paper right now," Blaise replied, a warning swinging in his voice. "Let go. It's time." "No." Again, Draco shook his head, and then pulled out his wand. "Draco, no!" Astoria tried to intervene, pulling at her friend's right arm. "Please. Listen to Blaise for once." " Accio Prophet!" Blaise was fast enough to catch the newest edition of the Prophet when it slipped out of the bottom of his drawer. "I told you, I won't give you the paper right now." "Blaise, hand it over." Draco stretched out his left hand, pointing his wand at his friend. "Make me," Blaise retorted, staring straight at Draco. "I know it's about her . Nothing you're going to say now will make me stop. So, give it to me." "Yes, because Theo only ever sends you a message when it's about her ."Astoria squeezed herself between Draco and the desk, in an attempt to shield her husband from Draco's full wrath. "Please. At least calm down," she continued with a softer tone, placing a hand on his wand arm. "There's no need to point a wand at Blaise. We're just trying to protect you from harm, okay? And right now, you have an important appointment to think about." Clenching his jaw repeatedly, and switching between Astoria and Blaise, Draco considered his options. Yes, they were trying to protect him from harm, but he didn't want to be protected, he wanted to feel the pain, and more so, he wanted to know about her. "Please, Draco," Astoria pleaded once more, stroking over his wand arm, which he finally slowly lowered. "Thanks." Draco inhaled deeply, and closed his eyes for a moment. "A compromise," he then said, "I promise to be in a good enough mood for the appointment with the Hungarians if you hand me the paper now... please." Astoria turned around to exchange looks with her husband, who was still holding the paper tightly in his hands. "You okay with that?" "I think I have to be. I seriously can't use him all grumpy during that meeting." Blaise slowly opened his arms, and returned his gaze to Draco, who was waiting for an answer. "I swear if you don't behave in that meeting we're