Hi guys! This is my short break from my Yugioh Story, Higher Stakes. Please check it out if you have the time and are in that fandom! Enough shameless self-promoting, here's an important note about this story: There are certain things that I tend to stress more or add for the sake of realism. It's a tough balance, but while I put my own spin on the characters I try to stick to canon personalities as much as possible. I hope that they will be recognizable to you as the characters that you love in canon. If something seems too off, please let me know. I'd like to thank Jessica314 (who wrote the Tale of Years Series) and Miki Mouse In Blue Jeans (who wrote Faith and Love), who probably have no idea that their work inspired me to come back to reading twilight fanfiction after several years. Without them this story would not exist. Also, thanks to Iced-Blood (a yugioh fanfic writer who wrote Paved with Good Intentions and its sequels) whose work inspired me to begin writing again about two years ago. My best friend also deserves some credit for humoring me and listening to me ramble about this story before I actually wrote it, so thanks webeta123. -TheEagerScribbler Historical Slang to know: *Bunk: Nonsense. Someone people still use this word, but it's not as common as it used to be. It came from the first decade of 1900. *To boondoggle: To cheat. This word is from the 1930s. *A squeaker: A close game. This one is from the 1960s. In Sickness The first thing Bella did when she woke up this morning was sneeze. "Love?" Edward stroked her hair back with concern filled eyes. "Sorry. It's nothing." She could tell from the furrow in his brow that he didn't believe her. He raised a hand to her brown and frowned in concentration. "You don't feel any warmer than usual." Bella gently took his hand and moved it away from her face. "Stop being such a worry wart. It's probably nothing. Humans sometimes sneeze even when they're not sick. We can't all be impossibly perfect." Edward visibly stiffened, and she realized that Charlie must have decided to come up stairs to make sure that she was awake. "I should go. Call me if you need anything." He was out the window in the blink of an eye leaving her in awe of him, like always. A few seconds later there was a knock on the door. "You awake?" "Yeah Dad, I'm awake." "Kay then. Be sure to eat breakfast before you go. It's the most important meal of the day and all that. I'd love to see you off, but it's about time for me to leave." Charlie had said the same thing every morning since her arrival because he saw it as one of his fatherly duties. She rushed through her morning routines as much she could, but she still felt kind of groggy. She must not have slept as well as she usually did. Edward could probably tell her all about her all about the embarrassing things that she said in her sleep last night. By the time she arrived at school she wanted to turn right back around. Today was colder than usual and she so as not in the mood for rain. As it was the air perpetually smelled earthy in Forks from the amount of rain that it already got. Would it kill forks to be warm and cloudy for once? It really irritated her that nobody else seemed to care. It was a miracle that Bella managed to get through two classes with only a few concerned glances from Edward, but she knew that he would be his usual over protective self during lunch. For a mythical creature, her boyfriend was oddly predictable. Usually he bought whatever he thought other students seemed to like in order compensate for his inability to eat human food, but today he got whatever meat they were serving (Bella honestly couldn't tell what it was), a roll, broccoli, two oranges, and a carton of milk next on the tray. They were the first ones at the table today. She took her place next to Edward and he slid the tray to her. "Please eat something. You're looking more pale than usual you sneezed this morning. You need your nutrition." Bella eyed the lunch tray suspiciously. "I'm not sure that there's anything nutritious about mystery meat- I honestly think that I'm doing my body a favor by not eating it." "Protein, vegetables, fruit, grains, and dairy. This includes most of the major food groups that humans need to be healthy, right?" "Yes but-" she turned away and sneezed into her shoulder. "Exactly. You're coming down with something and you need your strength." Emmett and Rosalie took their seats across from them. "Wow, the human's feeling brave today. I've heard all sorts of things about that food," He leaned over conspiratorially. "Some people even think that meatloaf is made with spoiled meat and ground up human fingers." Bella wanted to gag. Jasper arrived Alice in tow right at the moment she was going to get up and toss her food with . She plopped down next to Bella and glared at her brother. "God Emmett, you'd think that you were actually 18. Do you have to be so gross?" Edward drew her closer. "Don't listen to him. That set of legislation was passed when I was a child. I can promise that no human limbs are to be found in your lunch. Please have just a few bites." He begged. "I'm honestly not hungry, but I guess a few bites won't hurt." Bella complied because he seemed genuinely concerned. After taking a few bites of everything she threw away the rest. "Do you feel better now?" She asked. "I would have preferred for you to eat all of it, but I suppose that will have to do." Bella sneezed again. "Maybe you should leave early and get some rest." Edward suggested. Alice stared out into space for a moment with that vacant stare that told Bella that she was having a vision and then rolled her eyes when it was over. "Honestly Edward, she'll be fine. There's only three hours of left of school. As soon as she gets home she can relax." "Are you sure that I can't convince you to go home?" She couldn't afford to miss anymore school after those days she took off to grieve Edward's absence when he left her and the resulting trip to Italy. "I'm sure." For the rest of the day she felt like a bug under a microscope under her boyfriend's worried glances. Her nose started running at one point and she could swear that he went slightly faster than a human was capable of without getting out of breath to grab her a tissue. She had never seen him slip like that before. When class was over they walked to Edward's car with his arm wrapped tightly around her. "What about my car?" "Alice already has your keys. She'll drive it home for you." Bella could swear that they were still in her pockets, but patting them twice each told her that Alice really had managed to swipe them. "Don't tell me you're all trained pickpockets. Is there anything that you can't do?" He managed a smirk despite his worry. "You would be amazed at how easy it is to distract people. Not much gets past you, though." He teased. "Except for my sister." "Alice is a force of nature. She doesn't count." "Does that mean that your record remains unblemished?" He chuckled. "Of course,." Before Bella realized it she was in the seat with the buckle strapped around her in Edward's Volvo. Early on in their relationship she might have put on more of a fight, but she secretly loved his car because it smelled like Edward, and the scent made her feel wrapped up in a feeling of warmth. They had been in the car for about 10 minutes when Bella sneezed again. Edward handed her a handkerchief. "Here." It was beautifully embroidered made Bella wonder why he had given her a tissue earlier instead of this. "A Gentleman should always carry a handkerchief in his pocket. Rosalie took up embroidery as a newborn in order to learn how to control her strength so I have several that I have started carrying since I met you. I would have given you one earlier but I didn't want to attract more attention from our classmates." Moments like this made Bella wonder if he was lying when he said that he couldn't read her mind. "Thanks." Bella gratefully accepted the proffered handkerchief and wondered if it was safe to put it in the washing machine. "Are you sure you don't need to see a doctor?" Edward asked yet again. "For Heaven's sake Edward, I'm fine! It's just a cold!" She snapped. Edward reached out an arm and stroked her cheek. "I'm sorry love, it's just that humans are so fragile. I don't like seeing you suffer." How could she be annoyed when her boyfriend was being so sickeningly sweet? Bella grabbed his right hand because it was the one that was not on the steering wheel and intertwined his fingers with hers. "Has anyone ever told you that you worry too much?" "I've been told that's the precise reason why I get on my siblings' nerves." No doubt he was thinking of a certain blond haired sister, but he was too kind to actually say anything mean about any of his family, especially his sisters. "If anything was wrong, don't you think I'd tell you?" Bella asked seriously. "No. I know you Bella, and I think you'd try to spare me the worry. Perhaps you wouldn't lie, but you would most likely downplay your problems." She opened her mouth to protest but couldn't-he had her number. That's exactly what usually did. By this point in her life it was no longer a conscious decision. She had spent so long taking care of Renee that she had become used to downplaying her own problems and anxieties in order to avoid worrying her. Now she did it to Edward too, and the realization startled her. Had she ever lied? "Tell me what you're thinking." Edward asked when the car grew silent except for the white noise coming from the car. "It's nothing." He glanced at her pointedly. "It's just…" What was she trying to say? "I don't mean to hide things from you. This really is nothing. At worst, it's a cold." "I'm not accusing you of anything Bella. I only mean that you sometimes prioritize other people over your own wellbeing." The car's engine suddenly shut off. "We're here." Edward got out of the car and opened the door for her. "Thanks." Bella got out of the car and tripped two steps away. He caught her before she could hit the ground. "Only you could spend all day around vampires and still remain the greatest threat to your own health." "I tripped. That's hardly life threatening behavior." "You could trip into a moving car." He teased, "Or into the stove, or in the shower... humans are so fragile..." there it was again. "If I promise to not trip into any hot objects or moving vehicles will you let me go inside? It's freezing out here." Edward swept her up in his arms and carried her inside, gently placing her on he bed and tucked her in. "Thanks, but I was actually-" He lightly kissed her on the lips to silence her. "You need to rest if you want to prevent your cold from getting worse." There was no use fighting Edward on this because he was arguably the most stubborn person that she knew (although Jake was a very close second). She sighed and asked, "That doesn't necessarily mean that