summary | Jasper comes bearing a gift before the Cullens leave definitely – a gift available in just a few short months. baby's breath | found in forbidden nights, sharpest loud and place is quiet | . . He comes to her window that night, eyes a tad darker than what she's used to, blond strands covering his eyes. She doesn't question the fact that there is red seeping in the golden of his eyes. She's just glad someone came back. "Jasper." Her voice is hoarse. She still wonders how she isn't bedridden with pneumonia. Sure, she shakes for no reason a few times in between the ride home, but mostly the numbness makes it impossible to feel. "Hey, Bella." She manages a small smile in his direction. It's strange having someone else at her window – she misses auburn hair and amber eyes. But sun-kissed and rose colored eyes are better than nothing. She doesn't have the energy to stand up and great him, but she's glad in a way. Glad he bothered at all. "What are you doing here?" She's not scared – he tried to kill her twenty-four hours ago, but she's not scared. "He said you'd all be gone, that I wouldn't be able to find you." She cannot say his name, but Jasper understands. She doesn't tell him all the other things he said (because it hurts, it hurts too much to remember). "I came to apologize. I couldn't change his mind." He doesn't say his name. She's grateful. "But I owed you that. I'm sorry." She tries not to look at him too much. His perfect face reminds her too much of who left her. "I don't care about that." He raises an eyebrow and she shrugs, not liking that she's starting to feel again. "I'm the clumsy girl with the nice blood who hung out with vampires." He can't argue and nods. "I know it doesn't change anything, but you don't have to feel sorry." She feels the rush of thankfulness before she even catches the smile on his face. She smiles, the numbness somewhat forgotten for a second. She thinks to herself that she likes Jasper's smile. That he looks handsome that way, approachable even. She knew she made him uncomfortable, that her blood teased him. She hasn't spent a second alone with him ever since she was introduced to him. Her boyfriend, well ex-boyfriend, never allowed it. "You really are something else." It's her turn to roll her eyes, but there's still a smile on her lips. She wonders what would've happened if she'd befriended Jasper. Maybe everything never would have happened, maybe he wouldn't have left her in the woods to die (if Sam hadn't found her, curled up in a fetal position, ready to die that way). All the emotions she'd hidden under that numbness resurfaces. She sees the panic spread into Jasper's eyes as tears start rolling down her pale cheeks and her whole body starts to shake. It's better when she doesn't think about it, but having Jasper so close to her, making her feel – well, she can't handle that. He actually looks worried for a second – hesitant to touch her when he reaches her. She hasn't left her bed, just sat up when she noticed him. If her eyes weren't stained with tears, she'd notice how awkwardly he's looking at her, how the look makes him even more handsome, but her body is shaken with sobs. She feels a hand on her shoulder, the pain inside of her dying out suddenly. A few stubborn tears manage to escape even if she doesn't feel sad anymore. She smiles despite herself while sniffing, turning her head to the side so she doesn't have to see his face. "It's still not fair." It's nice, not to feel the pain anymore even if it's a for a few minutes. But she doesn't tell him that and wipes the tears away with the back of her hand. "I know you don't want to hear this – but you should forget Edward, really." Her head snaps towards him, his hand still clutching her shoulder and never moving. There's anger that flares inside her. "I know he probably filled your head with all his nonsense. But didn't you ever wonder why he stuck so close to you?" It's the same as if he'd slapped her across the face. She doesn't want to hear this, but his hand grips her shoulder so hard she can't move. "When Edward met you, Carlisle had to pull him out of school for days." She remembers, but that doesn't mean she wants to hear this. "He explained to us that he almost killed you right then and there, in front of everyone. That his precious control almost escaped him." His grip tightens, his eyes turning black. "Rosalie figured out that you were his singer and told Carlisle that he should take Edward away before he blew up our cover." "Jasper, you're hurting me." But the physical pain is nothing compared to his words. And he's manipulating her emotions so that all the anger she feels disappears instantly. But he doesn't stop. "Imagine our surprise, all of us, when Edward introduced you as his girlfriend. Rosalie was ready to call the Volturi, to let them deal with you. But Edward argued your case and it wasn't because he loved you." The air is knocked out of her lungs. "He has to be the one to drain you. He'll become faster, stronger and his powers will be amplified." She wants to throw up. "The only reason he's making us leave is because now we all smelled your blood and he's afraid me or anyone of us will go in for the kill before him." "Stop." Her voice is shaking, just like her fingers. "I don't…" She wants to plead with him, even beg. She's not stupid, she knew it was too good to be true when Edward chose her – but to hear someone else say it out loud, no, please. "He made sure Alice was the first one to leave and then Emmett, because he knew it would hurt them. Esme can barely look at him, but Carlisle pleads his case. Rosalie isn't too sad to leave Forks behind." "Shut up." Her voice rises, her hands pulling at his so he finally let's go. When it doesn't work, she hits up, her hand cracking – but she doesn't care. It feels good, because everything that Jasper is saying makes perfect sense and she knows he's not the one she should be hitting, but god it feels nice to try and inflict pain. "I told you to stop talking." She feels angry tears at the corner of her eyes, from the pain in her knuckles and her heartbreak. He laughs at her and she just keeps on hitting him, not so hard anymore because her hands are throbbing. She's out of breath by the time she stops. Jasper's chest rumbles with his laughter and she has to say that she feels better. "You got it out of your system, yet?" She huffs, her hands sore and her knuckles cracking, not quite bleeding but close. His accent is playful and it's the first time she notices. "Oh darlin." She pouts, his mischievous grin contagious and she rolls her eyes, her shoulder sore. "I hate you." But she doesn't, she really doesn't. "I hate it when you control my emotions." And she hates that she doesn't hate him for it. "I should've known that Edward was lying." It's the first time she's said his name in a few hours and it doesn't cause her pain. She's smarter than that, was smarter than that. Right now, she can't remember. "Oh come on." One of his arm wraps itself around her shoulders and pulls her closer. He pats her head like she's a child and she can't find the energy the protest when his chest is so welcoming and everything about her is sore. "You know what's sad? I was actually starting to like you." "Fuck you." She thinks this is just this kind of playful banter they'd somehow manage for the last thirty minutes he'd been in her room. But he doesn't smile, not really and she feels bad for the words. "Why weren't you like this before? I might've…" She sends him a glance when he doesn't finish his sentence. Questions cloud her vision, like how did she act that was any different and he might've done what? "You might have?" She pulls her head away from his chest and bites her lip. She doesn't want him to leave because he's uncomfortable – not now that he's opened her eyes and made the pain subside. She likes him, thinks that if she'd actually known him she would've enjoyed him more than – him. She's about to tell him that – she really doesn't want him to leave, not now – but she finds her words cut off with his mouth. Her brain pauses, her eyes wide and her body stiff against his. He's not soft, not at all. His hand has fisted itself into her hair, his movements urgent, like he needs her to breath, and he doesn't wait for a respond. In the midst of the events of the day prior, kissing Jasper is the thing that makes the most sense (which says something about the week she's had – happy birthday and your boyfriend leaves you and now she's kissing his none-brother). He doesn't think she's fragile. He's rough, but has enough passion that doesn't at all resemble her previous paramour. And it's good, that he's not like him, because she wouldn't be enjoying this as much if he was all soft and resistant. At some point, she closes her eyes and let's his tongue lick her palate. It tickles and she lets out a giggle that is silenced with his mouth. It heats up her body like electricity, the feeling of being wanted. Not fifteen minutes ago, someone told her that the man of her dreams just put up with her so he could kill her and now the man who'd tried to drain her a few hours ago was slipping his hand under her shirt and grazing her breast. She admits, it's not ideal by any means. But she doesn't think about him or how wrong he would think this is – oh, she lets out a soft moan when him thumb circles her nipple. He lets out an appreciative groan at her reaction and pushes her onto the bed with his own weight. It's weird – an hour ago she'd never spent a moment alone with him and now she's pulling at his shirt with her hands and he raises a playful eyebrow before bending down slightly to help her. He leaves a trail of kisses from her mouth to her neck before yanking her sweater off with too much ease. She wants to huff, like he's done this before so many times before, but her body decides to arch instead when he licks at her nipple, his left hand playing with the other one. He's skilled at what he does, makes her forget anything else but him and his mouth. She's pretty sure she could stop him at any time, she can see the few glances he sends her way whenever he makes a different move, but she finds that this is more enjoyable than she ever imagined – there's moonlight on his face when he reaches up to kiss her, he's so beautiful at that moment she forgets to breathe. Her hands reach his shoulder as he finds her mouth again. It's strong and well-sculpted, her fingers tracing scars that are drawn deep into his skin. She lets them roam and finally, when she's felt every inch of his chest, her hands reach of the first button of his jeans and pops it