District 1: Chri stian (14) and Simmer (16) District 2: Adrian (18) and Kenzie (17) District 3: Bryan (16) and Narcissa (15) District 4: Excel (1 6 ) and Natalie (17) District 5: Ben (16) and Recuna (15) District 6: Royce (16) and Hailie (12) District 7: Kitto (18) and Fay (13) District 8: Penair (17) and Sera (14) District 9: James (1 4 ) and Kayta (1 5 ) District 10: Octavian (18) and Tori (16) District 11: Sam (17) and Latasha (12) District 12: Ed (18) and Skyler (1 4 ) A roleplay my friend and I were doing, but she gave me permission to do a story on it. Just a little story to keep my followers satisfied because I'm taking forever on my others! Enjoy! In a rush of billowing hair and panicked faces, the tributes, including me, dashed for the Cornucopia. In a rush, Penair was slain by Kitto's axe, Ben by Excel's sword. Ed fell at Kenzie's knife, and Bryan at Natalie's knife. Octavian had his throat slit due to Adrian's blade, and finally, Hailie, almost reaching safety in the trees, was killed with a shot from Simmer's bow. But strangely, no cannon shot. She was just beneath me. She moaned in pain. I saw the arrow had hit her stomach, and I sighed. She would pass later, but she was in pain now. So I decided to spare her. I flicked a knife down, and a canon shot. By the time it was all said and done, everyone was already gone, out of harms way. The Careers all cursed, and from my place in the trees, I frowned down at them, recalling our alliance. They'd told me they'd spared me if I joined them, but only within the first day. I decided to act on it now. But I feared they'd kill me before I could reveal myself. So, making sure I was hidden, and they wouldn't be able to locate my voice, I called out. "Hey! Guys! It's Kayta! I'm only doing this so you don't shoot!" Their eyes all whipped up searching for my voice, but then eased as I said my name. "This alliance is bound in trust; no funny bussiness, alright?" Adrian called out and said, "Yes! Come on now!" Cautiously, hiding readied knives I could fling if nessessary, I dropped from my tree and stalked over to them. "Not much excitement. Where were you?" "Watching and waiting in my tree. That little girl from 6? Simmer shot at her and only got her stomach, and I finished her." "Well done," Excel nodded, smiling slightly at me. Excel was this really hot guy from 4. He was harsh, but not as bad. He had a good heart, and he'd always watched me with a grin in Training. I nodded, my face a mask. Inside, I was dying. Simmer, without a thought, had shot at a baby. Hailie had been only twelve. Her birthday was less than a month ago. "We need to make camp," Adrian announced. Simmer nodded and added, "Yes. See that river over there?" She pointed, and we all turned to look. A large river wound east, finally joining a lake. A single peice of land sat in the middle, almost perfectly centered and circular. "We camp on the little island inside?" I guessed. "Yeah. Seems like a good place. If someone tries to swim over, we'll get them long before they reach us." I nodded. "Good plan. You think everyone can make it? Besides Excel and Nat." Natalie snorted. "Of course, I can. But I can't wait to see you all try." I frowned, but then grinned and mumered, "Try, and succeed." We reached the island quickly. As figured, Excel and Nat made it over easily. Christian was more interesting; he dog paddled and fell under several times before reaching the island, his face red and Nat and Excel laughing and pointing at him. Simmer was somehow graceful in getting over, and managed easily. Adrian was strong enough to do it more or less correctly, after watching Excel, and Kenzie wasn't all to bad, either. Then came me. One of my biggest fears was of water. I stared down at the soft blue ripples and then closed my eyes, ignoring the other's chides and yells. I was back home, peering down at that raging river. Beside me was my brother, looking down to. I was only six, and couldn't see well, so I climbed up atop the railing. Suddenly, a burst of wind came and knocked me off balance. I began to tumble down, when a sudden jerk stopped me. I looked up. There was my brother, fear in his eyes, gripping my shirt. He smiled and pulled me up, and then sat me down, telling me never to do that again. Three years later, I was walking along the railing, talking to my best friend. We were high above a deeper part of the river, but wilder. I looked down a few times, but continued talking. Just then, a gust of wind so similar blew me off my feet, and I plummeted down. The water was freezing. I couldn't find the surface to breath. I tumbled round and round, my life slowly fading. Just then, there was a splash somewhere near and a hand grabbed mine. It yanked me up and I saw my best friend, Amber. She gripped my hand and pulled me towards a shore. She pushed a shivering, paralyzed me onto a rock, and then, for a painful second I will never forget, her blazing green eyes met mine. In pain. In fear. In defiance. In loyalty. Then she let go, and drifted away. I watched as her blonde hair went under, and then fell unconcious. They found her body days later, her sleeve stuck on a low tree branch. My best friend, dead because of me. I never went to that bridge again. Never will, either. I opened my eyes and let out a furious howl, all my emotion coming out. At the Capital. At the Gamemakers. At the world. Then I dove into the water, paddling with an odd mix of grace and fury below the surface. And then I just stopped. I grabbed a few heavy rocks and put them in my shirt, holding me down. What if I stayed here? Drowned like I should have five years ago? Be spared of a much crueller death at the hands of someone else. The world was silent and blue. A few fish swam by, and I watched them go. My hair swirled up around me, and I felt like some kind of mermaid. I saw the island just a few more yards away, and the dancing forms above. I looked up and saw the dazzling sunlight, and the bubbles floating upward from my sudden movement. Then a voice whispered to me. It may have been real, or perhaps a hallutionation. But it was there, clear as clear. "Kayta," Amber whispered, her voice hardly there. "Kayta. Don't give up now. Go. Win this thing. For me, Kayta. Do it for me." I closed my eyes as she spoke to me, and opened them when she finished. I murmered, "Anything for you. I owe you my life, Amber." I was beginning to feel lightheaded, so I let all the rocks go and burst to the surface, finally climbing atop the island with the others. Excel was near the edge, and Nat was saying, "Don't waste your time, Ex." I figured he had announced he was going back for me. "I'm so glad you're okay," Excel whispered to me when he went near. "I was worried." I smiled slightly, and almost hugged him. "Thanks for worrying." He laughed. "No problem." "Okay, lovebirds," Kenzie said. "We better set up camp." "Yes," Christian said. "We'd better. Let's go everybody! The next few days are going to be big!" Two days passed with no action. It was quite boring, actually. Everyone was anxious, of course, but not me. I was simply.. bored. One day- I think the fourth- Adrian stood. Everyone turned to look at him, and he announced, "Today, we go hunting. Before the Gamemakers attack." Everyone murmered in agreement. "Simmer will stay, because her weapon is distanced, and she'll guard the supplies. The rest of us will go in teams. Christian and Natalie, Excel and Kayta, and Kenzie and me. Got it? Good. Let's go." Simmer didn't protest. Instead she grinned and sat, sharpening an arrow with a rock. "Adrian and me decided we're going that way," Kenzie announced, pointing at the Cornucopia. "We're heading that way," Christain said, jutting his head towards the deepest woods. "So that makes us go that way," Excel said, nodding to a barren field with hardly any shelter. "What fun." I shrugged. "Better than nothing." "True." We started for it at perhaps nine o' clock, silent. I clutched my knives, and Excel his sword. I looked back at some point, but the trees hid our camp. I had ripped a berry bush from it's roots when we were leaving camp, and I placed it down now as we walked. "We'll know that's the way home, but another tribute will just think winds brought it from the woods." Excel nodded, and we continued on. Just then a canon went off. Excel and I looked at each other. "Wonder who that was," I said. He frowned and nodded, silent. We walked some more, and in that time two more canons went off. "Well, this hunt was successful. Three deaths already." Excel nodded approvingly. "Yeah." Finally, at about noon, we reached a tree and took a sip of our water. "Nothing," Excel said sadly. "Yeah. Nothing. Maybe someone will come along soo-" Just then, a rustling in the tree. I glanced up, and the first thing I saw was a knife, pointing right at my head. I did the only thing I could. I flicked a knife up. Kill or be killed, I guess. The body tumbled down from the tree, hitting my head on the way with it's hand. A canon shot, and I looked down. The body was Sera of District 8. She was my age. "Nice," Excel told me. "You did good. I think that's just about all we'll find out here. Want to head back?" "Yeah," I whispered, unable to tear my eyes from Sera's body. The knife was lodged in her skull, and she bled out onto the barren grass. "Let's go." We began back, pausing only to look at the hovercraft that came for her. Excel and I arrived to find Simmer smiling and eating some dried fruit. "I killed one," she told us, an evil grin plastered on her face. "Recuna from 5. Tried o steal our food, she did. Didn't see me. Well, I saw her, alright." She gestured to the blood stains all over the ground. "We had ourselves one batte. She was smart, but I'm smart and strong. She hadn't stood a chance." I nodded, distant. Four deaths, two being Recuna and Sera. Who were the other two? Just then, Natalie, looking crazed and wild, emerged from the trees and leaped into the water. "Nat!" Excel cried out, and went for her. He pulled her onto the little island and checked her pulse. "She's alive." Simmer walked over and looked at her. "Tracker jacker attack." Excel pushed on her stomach a bit, and she threw up water. She coughed and then, after a minute, whispered, "They got Christain. They were everywhere. Everywhere." She fell into unconciousness and began convulsing. Excel stared down at her, helpless, and Simmer just grinned and sat, stilling grinding that stupid arrow. I sat beside Excel, looking at Nat. "She's hopeless," I whispered. "She'll weigh us down and we'll have to care for her." He whispered, "No." "Would you rather let her suffer, or put her out of her misery?" Excel sighed and murmered, "Put her out