Alright, so the tributes are still on my page. I'll cross them out as they die. Anyway, these first four chapters will be reapings (three districts per chapter). Thank you for support and stuff and I hope you enjoy. I also want to just make a note. My computer doesn't have Word, so I use WordPad (which comes free with purchase of the computer), which is quite similar, except it doesn't spellcheck. So I do my best to spell stuff right, but sometimes if a word is off, that's the reason. My spelling was never to good, too. :( Otherwise, it's just me not rereading my work. Guess what? I finally learned how to spell immediately! :D Anyway, hope you enjoy. Sorry if I switched your characters up, but I tried to make them really realistic and interesting and stuff so y'all got attached. Also, Lae from 2's last name was originally Kyler but I changed it to Migon to avoid confusion. Sorry about that to his submitter. Thanks. Anyway, here we go. District 1: Ransom O'Hare (pugswanthugs) and Brooke Chauncy (my sister, who insisted on making a tribute, even though she doesn't have an account) Ransom O'Hare set his jaw and stared at the rather annoying, fuchsia-colored escort, standing on the stage, blabbing away in her silly Capital voice. Get on with it, he thought. I have to tell Fresca... He sent a meaningful look in the girls' seventeen year old section. There his love stood, looking beautiful and perfect in every way. Even the way her brow crinkled worriedly as she watched the escort, he loved. He would do anything for her. Ransom loved Fresca with all his heart. She flicked her luscious dark brown hair behind her and then caught his gaze. She gave a loving smile and he grinned back with his own goofy, lopsided smile. He couldn't wait to ask her. And then her eyes flicked back up to the stage as her friend nudged her. Ransom looked up, too, and saw the fuchsia escort gingerly picking a slip of paper out of the bowl. She opened it and read into the microphone, "Diamond Rowland". Diamond was a very popular girls name here and several girls' heads jerked up as she said the first name, but one small fourteen year old started towards the stage, realizing the last name was her own. However, then another girl called out, "I volunteer!" This girl bounced towards the stage, shoving right past Diamond. She had long, black hair and soft blue eyes. Her skin was very pale and had no freckles, so it was just about perfect. She was tall, maybe just a bit shorter than Ransom, and though her arms had muscles she seemed to be very slender. She also seemed to have a fondness of pink, since her very short dress was a bright version of it with black lace around the rims and sleves. She, thankfully, had black tights under the outfit, since if she didn't it would barely cover her bottom. Finally, she had stylish boots. Obviously she came from a very wealthy family. "My name is Brooke Chauncy," she announced into the mic loudly, grabbing it right from the escort. "Uh, okay then," the Capital woman said, looking baffled. "Onto the boys." Ransom blinked and took a deep breath. This was it. It was time. He stuck his hand in his pocket, comforted by the feeling of the small, white case. "Ulysess Pong." Several of the boys around Ransom smirked, whispering. It was a rather funny name. A small thirteen year old boy with an ashen face, black hair, and glasses squinted at the stage, making his way through the crowd. Ransom could instantly tell he was blind or at least had poor eyesight by the golden cane he held and his uneasy walk. Now, Ransom may have lived in one of the wealthiest districts, being from One. Most of the Hunger Games tributes from his District were cocky, beautiful, and strong. Most volunteered purely for "fun". Here, it was an honor to win the Games. Ransom was a very thoughtful young boy. At seventeen he was almost old enough to no longer be applicable for the Games. He was also one of the oldest and best-trained students in his training facility. So when he raised his hand and called out, "I volunteer!" it wasn't just for fun or honor. Sure, a little for the latter, but mostly he did it because he had a good heart. And, he wanted to come home to his soon-to-be fiancee as a wealthy victor. Then he could provide them a nice house to begin a family. Ulysess blinked at him, surely not really seeing him. Perhaps just the outline of a very strong boy who wouldn't shame his District as Ulysess would have done, had he actually gone forward to be a tribute. The fuchsia escort, who Ransom still didn't know the name of, smiled at him. "What's your name?" "Ransom O'Hare," he told her evenly, flashing an award winning grin. "Ah, Ransom. A pleasant name. Thank you." The escort turned to the crowds. "District One, I present to you your tributes for the 51st Hunger Games: Brooke Chauncy and Ransom O'Hare." Everyone cheered, even Fresca, Ransom was surprised to see. She was grinning widely. She had faith in him. Ransom waited paitently in the room where they said goodbye to family, his leg crossed neatly against his other. He smoothed his pale golden pants as he waited, finding them to be wrinkled, because he knew there would be lots of cameras from this point on. He looked down at himself. His nice, black, long sleeved dress shirt seemed to be fine. Okay, good. He ran a hand through his short dark brown hair just as his family flooded in, crooning all at the same time; his siter, Cornelia, his mother, Rouge, and his father, Russel. "You're gonna win, right?" Cornelia questioned him, standing with crossed arms in front of him. "Well, duh," Ransom said jokingly. "Do I ever lose?" It was true. Ransom was very good at winning things. He was great at sports in school and everyone always wanted to be on his team. Though he was popular, he didn't really have many close friends to hang out with. Just other people who were popular as well. Cornelia frowned but then said, "I'll take that as a 'yes'," and hugged him. It was a large group hug in the end, no words being spoken. His whole family had decided he was coming back. He was plenty strong enough. Though he was only 5'9, he still had very tan, muscular arms most boys envied and girls loved. And he had the charms, with his goofy grin and his intelligent, blue eyes. Their only qualm was that Ransom was against violence. There had been things in his past that had made him become that way. He hated hurting anything, let alone anyone. In the world of The Hunger Games, that was a fatal flaw that could result in your death. The Peacekeeper quickly came and took them away, but there was no resist. Next came Fresca. "Oh, Ransom!" she sobbed, falling into his arms. "What's wrong?" A moment ago she had been cheering for him along with everyone else, and now she was sobbing in his lap. "What if you don't come back?" she whimpered. "Not likely, baby. I'm coming back." "You are?" "Yep. Sure as everyone has five toes. Well, except dogs." "They have five," Fresca argued, wiping her nose. "They have that weird little thumb thing." "Technically, they have four." They argued for a while and ended up laughing. During that time, Ransom looked up at the clock and realized they might take her soon. "Oh, hang on. I gotta give you something." "Oh, yeah, thanks for reminding me," she said. "Here. A token." She was taking off the pretty silver chain she always wore around her neck. She once told Ransom her grandmother, who had recently passed away, had given it to her and she'd never taken it off. "I can't take that, Fresca. That's too special." "Yeah, you can." "No. I won't take it." Fresca gave the pouty face she always did when she was disappointed. "Please?" "No." "Fine." she clipped it back around her neck. "Take this then." She was removing the pretty red flower she wore in her hair most days. This, Ransom took. Frowning at it, he joked, "What, you want me to put it in my hair?" "No, but you'd look delightful," Fresca giggled. She took it gently from him and clipped it onto his shirt. "You know how the men wear flowers on the lapels of their tuxedos? Like President Snow always does? You can wear it like that." "Even when I'm in the arena?" "Yeah. That way you know I'm right with you." She pecked him on the cheek. "Thanks, Fresca." They sat together for awhile, before Ransom remembered. "Oh, yeah! I can't forget!" "What?" He smiled goofily and prodded her gently, since she had been sitting on his lap. She stood, and so did Ransom. Then he fell to his knee. Fresca's mouth parted slightly, realizing what he was doing. "Fresca DuRevois," Ransom said, pulling the little case out of his pocket and holding it out. "Will you marry me?" His love smiled, a tear leaking out her eyes, making her makeup run slightly. Ransom found it cute. She choked out, "Yes." She leaped into his arms and kissed him for a long moment. When the kiss ended, she said, "Now you have to come back, Ransom. You have to." "I will," he told her. "I promise you." They shared one last delicate kiss. Then the Peacemakers came and took her, to which Ransom smiled. Fresca waved and then her flowing brown-haired head disappeared from view. Meanwhile, Brooke was in her own room, impatiently waiting for her family. When her mother and father came in, being her only family- her being the latest in a long line of only children- she hugged them. "Now, Brooke, I don't want you dying because you're being stupid and not paying attention. Don't be cocky. The cocky ones die first." Her father told her. "I'm not gonna die, Daddy," Brooke said, rolling her eyes. "I'm Brooke. I can't die, because dying means losing. And I don't lose." Her father closed his eyes and slowly shook his head. Brooke was strong, but she hardly had a brain, let alone a strategic one. She shouldn't have volunteered. They left soon and were replaced by Brooke's closet friends, Fiona, Keira, and Addison. Brooke was a snotty jerk, but still she was incredibly popular. But her main friends, her constant clique, were those three girls. "Oh, Brooke!" Keira, who was prone to hysteria, cried. "Don't die!" Fiona shoved her. "She won't die, stupid. She's Brooke!" "Exactly!" Brooke said, putting her hands on her hips. "That's what I told my Dad." Addy was staring at the District 1 tribute for this year. "What?" Brooke asked indignantly, looking at her friend with wide eyes. Addy brushed some brown hair from her face. "Nothing." "I thought so." Brooke gave a grin. "I can't wait for the party we'll have once I win!" Fiona and Keira cheered. Addy looked at the ground. Brooke waved goodbye as they were escorted out, waiting now for her boyfriend. Dakota came in soon, holding something behind him. "Hey, baby." Brooke pecked him on the lips. "Hey." "Good luck in there. I bet you'll get far." "Far? I'm gonna win this thing." "Oh, yeah. Hey, Brooke, my Mom wanted you to take this." Dakota held out a little gold chain, a golden heart decorating the end. A locket, Brooke realized. "What is it?" Brooke asked, grabbing it in her rough manner. "My grandmother's locket. We pass it through the family. It'd kind of a couple thing. See, this is my heart. When