All hail Tolkien, owner and creator of Middle Earth! The sun had long passed beneath the mountains, and the shadows had grown short in the woods of Lothlorien, when Legolas came to his destination. Quickly and quietly he looked around, alert even in the land of the Galadhrim, for if Orcs had had the ability to cross the Nimrodel, as had happened not a week past, then even the Firstborn must look to safety within their own lands. All was quiet to his senses – all was well. Legolas leapt up into a branch high above him, and moved through the tree's broad boughs lightly and effortlessly, until he came level with flet. It was furnished for a soldier's use, with light curtains and a rug for warmth, and only a few supplies. There was no lamp, for the stars were enough for Elves to see. It's sole occupant sat facing away from Legolas, fletching new arrows for his quiver. "Marchwarden!" Legolas used the Westron tongue to alert Haldir to his presence. At that the Galadhrim turned to greet him in Elvish. "Well met, Legolas Thanduilion. I have looked forward to your company while standing sentinel! My scouts alerted me of your coming, for you had asked them openly of my whereabouts." Here Haldir smiled and invited Legolas to sit with him, spreading the rug for them. "Many an Elf here has spoken with wonder about the presence of their stranger kinsman, a guest of our Lord and Lady's hospitality, a traveler from the fell depths of Moria, and a keeper of strangely small company!" Legolas laughed to hear this description of the Dwarf and the Hobbits – one did thing they were strangely small, after all, to know that they never grew any taller, and that their infants had to be even smaller than human and elf infants. "Indeed! Would that they knew their doughty Marchwarden audaciously ordered their Lord and Lady's guests blindfolded, like traitors and prisoners, and marched like fools beneath –" "Peace! Come, Legolas, there was no insult intended, surely you must see that! Only a love for our land which has been threatened too often. If any honor was insulted, I am sorry for that, for it was not meant to be so. I have now heard the tale of the Companions from Imladris to Lorien, with which I was not acquainted before. Hardy and courageous are you and your friends, aye, even the Dwarf, to have undertaken such a quest as this!" "Hardy and courageous, yes, and in this instance, vengeful and merciless to those who have wronged us!" Legolas' tone had been light and jesting before, but now it was steely and brazen. Haldir looked up, startled at this swift reverse of direction, but Legolas continued. "Your words are fair and true now, Haldir, but our meeting then was not! I was dishonored by a kinsman before my friends! More, arrows were drawn on Gimli son of Gloin, who is a good friend of mine, and that I will not forget! Why do you think I sought you out this night, Haldir?" The light in Legolas's eyes was bright and fierce, his features sharp and cold. Haldir sprang to his feet, dismay in his eyes, alarmed by the sudden change in the Northener's manner. Quickly the Galadhrim sized him up – Legolas was the taller; Haldir was the broader, but neither difference would give either any substantial advantage. "Master this anger, Legolas! You are not yourself! I have done nothing wrong – I did as duty would have of me! Forget not that Aragorn for all, including you, to be bound! The dwarf would accede only on that condition – your accusation is an unfair one!" They began to circle one another in the flet, although they knew that should it come to blows, this little landing would not be large enough. Here Haldir kept to himself that he knew their heights better than Legolas would, for he had kept guard many a night in this glade. "Aragorn did what he thought was best – as you should have done," growled Legolas. Haldir saw with growing apprehension that he could not reasoned with, and tried for appeasement instead. "What would you have of me now, Legolas? I cannot take back my actions past, but what can I do in conciliation? Ask of me anything, but that my men and I may continue to serve my Lord and Lady undisturbed, and I will give it as best as I can." Legolas smiled then in reply; his look was dangerous, and Haldir, fearing the worst of cunning and malice, shrank internally from one whom he had thought to trust. "Good, Marchwarden! I would expect this from one with your strength. Nay, Haldir, flinch not; honorable and dutiful servant that you are, I will not take you from your responsibility. Fear not! I ask of you what will take no more than this night." "And what is that?" "Confrontation and submission." Haldir drew back, wary. "That is…that is not what I expected. You speak of the combatant's tryst – but –" Legolas cut him off with an impetuousness he seldom displayed amongst the mortal folk. "Hold you fast to your word, Marchwarden? If so then send word for your soldiers to turn a deaf ear and blind eye on the disturbances here – and to guard more alertly to make up for your lack. Make haste, Marchwarden, lest I tell them myself!" Haldir communicated thus with his men, and he and Legolas moved to a clearing not far from the tree in which their flet was. Their weapons were put carefully to one side, and their tunics and belts were laid down with them. Legolas's hair was wild from his travels, and he left it free but for the thick braid down the back of his head. Haldir pulled his hair up with a piece of leather, revealing his chiseled jaw more fully. Warriors faced each other down, unarmed but for their skill. "The rules are simple – the one that falls first to his back shall submit to the other while the moon is visible. Shall it be so?" "It shall be so," Haldir replied, grimly, and at that Legolas threw back his head and grinned, fey and untamed. The night came alive with the sighs of the great golden trees as the warriors circled and postured beneath them. Their bodies looked almost a pair, a golden panther and a tawny lynx. Legolas had in his recent decades acted as companion, messenger and traveler, and was a veteran of open confrontations. His limbs were as a young tree's, supple and powerful. Haldir, deadly amongst the formidable, stalked his opponent as a hunter stalked his prey, favoring shadows and surprise. Legolas made the first move. He leapt at such speed that Haldir was almost knocked over; had he not twisted then to avoid landing on his back, the fight would have been over with humiliating brevity. But twist Haldir did, like a cat coming to its forepaws, and his fists lashed out towards Legolas. The blows glanced off the Northerner's chest, losing most of their impact. Legolas's leg struck out, missed as Haldir spun away from him – Legolas pressed his advantage, flashing left, right, left , forward, left, and forward again. The blows came at breakneck pace, and it was all Haldir could do to parry and dodge. "Hah!" Tired of backing up, Haldir planted himself and lashed out like a Morningstar. His hair whipped around with the force of his blow and his foot connected solidly with Legolas's stomach – Legolas stumbled, and Haldir jumped forward, emboldened. But then Legolas caught his leg and pulled him off balance. The two fell to the ground, grappling on their sides, each writhing in the dirt. Haldir forced Legolas onto his chest and pinned him down by his neck. "Yield!" he commanded, a hint of a pant in his voice. "We agreed on the back, remember!" Legolas countered, and he tore one arm and one leg free, and thrashed so violently that Haldir lost his grip on his neck. "Elbereth!" Haldir exclaimed, as Legolas's head came up and smacked him hard in the chin. They made it back onto their feet, but to Haldir it seemed that Legolas's strength waned not, but rather increased as their combat lengthened, so that at last even the worthy Marchwarden's endurance, although by no means lacking, was overcome. A kick, and Haldir's legs flew out from beneath him and he thudded heavily onto his back. Legolas's legs were splayed for balance as he held the Galadhrim down by his shoulders. "Yield," he snarled, feral and angry. Haldir heaved once for breath, and was pinned so tightly his chest strained against Legolas's arms. Silhouetted against the moon like that, the face of Legolas was fair beyond the measure even of the Elves, and his powerful body was lithe and forceful against his. "I yield," said Haldir. The defeat quietened Haldir, for he had not been bested since his ages-past appointment as captain of the guard. Further, he was unfamiliar with the tempers and expectations of the Northern Elves. If tempestuous Legolas was fired with battle lust, there was no telling what the coming trial would present. But worrying would avail him little. It was better to compose himself first. The comfortably exerted bodies separated with the fluidity of warriors. Haldir sat up; Legolas stood with his back to Haldir, long hands clasped behind a straight back, a head tilted up to the soft dark vault of night. Finally he spoke. "Look sharp, Haldir! The night has a ways to go yet. So begins the second part of our tryst." The trees of Lothlorien were so tall and ancient that many a mighty bow was more than twice the height of a normal man, and twice a man's shoulder-breadth at its thickest. It took Legolas some time to find a branch which he deemed suitable for his purposes. To this branch he ordered Haldir. The height was just beyond Haldir's reach. To hold on to it he had to bounce off his feet; to hold him there Legolas bound him so Haldir could only just feel the ground with his toes. Against the strength of Legolas' belt, his wrists would fare the worse. The trunk of the tree right before him, and its smooth bark was mere inches away. Unceremoniously, Legolas placed his hand on Haldir's shoulder and pushed. Haldir's body swayed forward and his bare skin met the tree's cool hide, but Legolas's callousness was insulting, and a heated flush crept up his middle. Already the belt chaffed at his wrists, and his unnaturally stretched arms were straining to hold his weight. But submission was his lot till dawn, as he had agreed. It would not be said that for some physical discomfort, Haldir of Lorien had gone back on his word! Haldir waited a long time in silence, for Legolas studied his hostage a long time in silence. Only the sweat running down Haldir's corded arms and back in rivulets indicated the passing of time. Despite the stillness of his surroundings, or perhaps because of it, Haldir was very aware of Legolas's presence, and of the deliberation behind his every action. He thought back to his first instance of seeing this stranger within their lands – he had been singing the song of Nimrodel. How different he had been then – melancholic, and subtle in his grief for the fall of Mithrandir. How different he was now, how fey his features in combat – how unbridled – how fell! The other's soft laughter and gently mocking words interrupted Haldir's thoughts. "Admirable indeed are the Galadhrim, if they are built even half to the like of Haldir!" Legolas' next words were louder. "Listen up! It need hardly be told that a flogging will commence. Count out twenty strokes, and I will cease.