Bellas Pov. "Isabella…dear…Come help your mother with the Cooking!" My father roared from our doorstep. I quickly brushed myself off from the particles of dirt and stumbled out the woods towards our wooden house. It was a reasonable sized house, with two floors and big open windows. A well was on the cliff, slightly behind the house. We had no neighbours. No people for miles. Except us. There was me. Isabella. 17 year old, On an arranged marriage to a wealthy man in his twenty's. I had no love for this man. I despised him. But father persuaded him without my consent. There was my brother, Emmett. 19 years old. Can wait for another 10 years before being wed off. He planned to run away though and find his true love. I love Emmett. He always looks after me. Hes a goof. My favourite person in the world. There was mother. She was a very nippy lady. With a scrunched up face, always yelling at me to act like a lady. I don't like mother. Not one bit. And finally the leader of the household. Father. He goes hunting most days. But the days that he is off he tends to shout at me. Never at Emmett. Emmett towers over him. Dad usually sends Emmett away before laying into me. And I don't mean just shouting. Its very legal for a man to hit a woman. But he is shamed on if caught. Father is very sneaky. "Oh for the love of the lord" Father hissed as I hurried past him into the kitchen. Mother was peeling potatoes for the Sunday meal. Beads of sweat layered her forehead. She looked up and her eyes turned into little slits. "No daughter of mine" she grumbled to herself. "Don't just STAND there Isabella. Give your mother a hand!" father roared, pushing me down to my knees, right into the boiling water basin. "ouch!" I screamed, clawing my way out the basin. It slipped sideways as I slid out of it. Hot water splashing all over the kitchen floor. "NOW LOOK!" father roared in my face. Spit flying everywhere. I glared at him as small sobs came from my chest. His palm connected with my left cheek, and I was suddenly on the hall floor. My own father punching me over, and over. The carpet turned red. "My carpet!" mother hissed at father. Father spat at mum and dragged me upstairs into his room, my head hitting every step. He then raped me for the first time. I sobbed and screamed but he muffled me with his hands… I could hear the sound of emmetts carrage pulling up outside. "Get Out of my sights!" Father hissed as he wiped his sweat away and pulled his trousers up. Sobbing I scrambled across the hall, into my tiny room. I looked into the glass. And I saw a broken woman. A bloody, broken woman. I heard Emmett walk in and ask our parents about the blood. I heard excuses after excuses about a dead deer. And Emmett seemed to buy it until he came upstairs. "Izzy im home" he smiled as he peaked round the door. A horrified expression filled his face. He kneeled down next to me and took my bruised face into his hands. "Izzy what happened?!" Emmett proclaimed. "Father…he…" I sobbed out. "Did he hit you…what am I saying…of course he hit you!" Emmett looked very angry. "theres more" I whispered. "what…oh no…please izzy no…" "he raped me em" I whispered and I was suddenly crushed to emmetts chest. "Im going to speak to that disgusting excuse of a man!" Emmett boomed. "no..emmett..we need to leave!" I grasped his hand in mine. "we need to escape!" "Your right…" Emmett whispered. He grabbed his pocket knife and led me downstairs. One step at a time. Carefully. I was slightly behind him. "You" Mother hissed pointing a finger "you led your OWN FATHER into your bed! The devil is inside you!" she screeched. "HE RAPED ME MOTHER!" I yelled at her. My fists clenched tightly. Emmett pushed me back. "Shutup you useless Young child!" father sniggered. "were leaving" Emmett told them flatly. "You may leave son, visit that pretty lady…malinda. THIS little brat is to stay here until the devil is clean of her!" father told him standing up. "No…not after what you did" Emmett hissed. "You bunch of.." Emmett cut dad off. "Izzy RUN! IM RIGHT BEHIND YOU!" I scampered out the front door, my soaking dress holding me back. Emmett soon caught up. "C'mon Izzy, the woods! They wont find us there!" he yanked me harder into the woods. We ran for ages and stopped somewhere in the centre to catch our breath. "were free" I sobbed "were free were free were FREE!" I hugged Emmett hard. He let a huge breath out. "Are you okay?" he asked me looking into my eyes. I shook my head no. "but I will be" I whispered. "hopefully soon". My stomach rumbled suddenly I jumped high in the air. Emmett laughed quietly. "theres an apple tree a minute away, you sit here whilst I go collect them..do not move!" he warned me. "promise you will come back?" I begged him. "promise" he told me before disappearing into the undergrowth. I leaned against the bark of a tree and a few tears escaped. Every time I closed my eyes HE would appear. "Got them!" Emmett whispered happily, coming through with a bundle of rich red apples. I stepped forward to meet him half way. When a gunshot went off. I blinked. And looked at Emmett. He dropped the apples and his face went white. He stared at my stomach. I looked down. And my once yellow dress was stained with red blood. My legs felt heavy and I fell to the forest floor. Emmett cradled me in his arms as he cried. "em…em im not going to make it" I bit back tears. "you will. Shush. We will find help" he picked me up into his arms, his white shirt getting bloodied. "Emmett..i love you so much" I whispered as my head hit his shoulder. "Isabella Swan You STAY with me now!" Emmett commanded as he ran further into the woods.. "help! Please!" Emmett roared, what seemed like years. "Emmett…im tired…" I told him my voice hoarse. "Stay awake Isabella!" he begged me. His eyes were bloodshot but he still smiled. Still had hope. Emmetts arms faltered and we both fell to the leaves bellow. "Its Okay Emmett. Go find your true love. I love you. I will always be watching you." I told him before it went black. I kept flashing in, and out of consciousness. I heard emmetts voice, a roar, a snarl… Then my heart stopped. ….. That was 209 years ago. For the past 2009 years I have kept to myself. Inside my shield. It's a blue bubble, that I can activate when in danger.I also have another gift…well…one of my close friends (my only friend) calls it a gift. I don't see how it is.. I have extreme flexibility. I can twist, turn and angle myself in ways no other can. It also includes extreme combat skills… I get nicknamed catwoman by my friend. My only friend. The only one I can trust. Peter. He knows shit. He says its not a gift. But it is. He can tell when stuff it going to happen. I haven't spoke to him in over 173 years. I have kept to myself, I try to keep off every other vampires radar. I have a lot of enemys though... A LOT. The Volturri is a major one. Oh how they would love to get their hands on me. I am Isabella. Just Isabella. No second name. not after my human life. I am 5'8 with brown curles down to my waist. My eyes are black. Never red. Always black. I don't..enjoy killing. My skin is pale. Almost like marble. My eye lashes are thick and long. I am extremely beautiful (if I may say) I am a vampire. A very very VERY lonely vampire. I needed a new start. So I packed my belongings from Japan, and got on a plane to Seattle. The scent of blood burnt my throat like a fire. It had been years since I had been in the company of so any humans. I rushed through the airport as fast as I could. With my small carry bag. I got very strange looks from the lack of luggage. "ShitShit" I hissed to myself as I swallowed the venom. I rushed outside into the fresh air, which I gulped like water. And set off in the direction of the woods. "Yah don't wanna go that way lovie…big bad monsters in there doll" A Man hollered at me. I tensed and turned around. I glared at this podgy man. My jaw set. His colour turned paler and he ran off, to catch up with his other taxi friends. I rushed into the growth of the woods. I relaxed as I ran. I felt at home. No humans. The animals smelt disgusting… Home. I ran for a few hours. In a north direction when I suddenly came face to face with a stone cottage. I smelt the air, and a very faint trace of vampire was lingering around. Mint and Cotton?...Caramel and Spice?...Very faint. Years ago. i looked up at the greyish clouds and headed indoors. Lucky for me, the door was open. It was very furnished and pretty inside. With a huge bookcase, a fire place, couch, paintings…and pictures. I took a peak at the pictures. One with a blonde male and brunette female. One with A bronze haired man and a small pixie girl. One with a dark brown haired man with a stunning blonde by her side. And the last was a blonde male. He had lots of scars…but he was godlike. I could imagine him as a human, a hard worker. I felt a connection to this man… Also…I felt a connection to the dark brunette male…almost like I knew him… I shook my head and flew upstairs. The bedrooms were neatly made and I picked the master bedroom. Might as well live in luxery. I also had a peak at the closet. A pair of dark skinny jeans, and a cream floaty top that were JUST my size came into view. So I swapped clothes. A black paired of heeled boots too. I ran downstairs…and thank god the washing machine worked. I placed my skintight suit inside and closed the door. I lay on the couch, staring at the ceiling. It was new to be inside…a home. Almost nice. It had been 200 years since id been inside a home. I growled at myself for being an idiot. "Is this how im going to spend my eternity?" I asked myself. My bell voice rang through the house. "Alone..Afraid to go inside a house?...Unable to hunt. Starving. This is hellish" I clenched my jaw tightly to stop myself from chocking up. The washing machine beeped and I quickly took it out, and put it into the dryer then I put my skin tight black suit back on. It was a body suit, it looked leather…and it abled me to be 'flexible'. Other clothes usually rip.. I hoisted myself up onto one of the ceiling hangers with a book. And sat up there and red. I red all the books in the bookshelf..and all the medical booklets. "well shit" I sighed as I replaced the last booklet. "now what am I going to do". I stepped outside slowly. My body was alert. I sprinted away from the cottage into a west direction. I giggled. "im such a idiot!" I laughed as I ran. I love running. A lot. I stopped as I heard the approach of feet. A lot of feet. Not animal feet either. And they were fast. I