Disclaimer: I own nothing except for my ideas. Everything else belongs to J.K. Rowling. Author's Note: hello readers! Well, here it is: this is the sequel to my story Gone. I really do hope you enjoy it. If you haven't read Gone, you can probably pick up on what's happened, but I think I would recommend reading it. This story essentially starts off right after the epilogue of Gone, which is sixteen years later from when Gone takes place. PLEASE READ AND REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK LOVES! 3 also, Merry Christmas to everyone! or Happy Holidays if you celebrate something else :) I hope you're all having a nice holiday, love to you all 3 Chapter One: Christmas Morning December 25th, 2019 "Mummy, Mummy, Mummy!" Hermione Malfoy opened her groggy eyes, feeling someone bouncing practically on top of her. She caught sight of her six year old twins - Lyra Brooke and Scorpius Draco - bouncing eagerly on her bed with a huge smile upon each of their faces. "It's Christmas!" Scorpius yelled. Hermione heard Draco groan next to her and she smiled, sitting up and pulling the two kids into her arms, kissing each of their foreheads. "You're right. It is Christmas!" Hermione said with a grin. "Did Santa leave us presents?" Lyra asked, her grey blue eyes sparkling as they widened. "You bet Santa left you presents!" Draco said, finally sitting up and pulling Lyra into his arms. There was a chorus of cheering from the twins before the door opened, revealing twelve-year-old Jeremy. He grinned and joined his family on the bed. Hermione's heart warmed at the sight of him - she loved when her house was full of children. Her five children. The children her and Draco had always dreamed of. Each year, all of her children climbed into their bed before going downstairs on Christmas morning. She loved cramming her family into the bed, each one sitting on each other and holding each other tight. Jeremy gave her a tight squeeze before hugging Draco. "Merry Christmas, angel." Draco whispered, leaning over to kiss her lips. "Merry Christmas." she said, kissing him with ease. She would never tire of waking up next to Draco Malfoy. Suddenly, the bedroom door opened again, revealing the tired 20 year old form of Meredith. Her blonde hair was cut short to her collarbones with a blunt fringe framing her face. She sat on the edge of the bed, smiling weakly at her family. As always, the worry for Meredith filled up Hermione's heart. Her baby girl, once so full of love and life, had become the shell of who she had used to be. And it was all Ron Weasley's fault. Even now, over sixteen years after the abduction, Meredith was still plagued by what had happened. "Merry Christmas, pumpkin." Draco called out, leaning over and kissing Meredith's forehead. "Yeah, Merry Christmas." she said, hugging her pajama clad knees on the bed. . . . Meredith tried her best to force a smile onto her lips at the sight of her family all snuggled on her parent's bed. She knew it probably looked ridiculous - her smile, that is - but it was the best she could do. Meredith was just not a happy person. In fact, she was mostly miserable. And she hated it. She hated having become this person. She knew her parents thought that it was just because of what had happened to her when she was a child, when in reality, that was only part of it. Yes, she was still overcome with nightmares and horrible thoughts involving Ron Weasley and her months held in kidnapping. But... she had been dealing with that for long enough that she was often excellent at covering it up. But, no. It was more than that. Much more than that. But, it was Christmas and Meredith was going to try her damnedest to have a good day, if not for herself, for her parents. "Any sight of your sister?" Hermione asked. Meredith sighed inwardly at the hopefulness of her mother's voice. Her sixteen year old sister, Marley, had come home last night from Hogwarts in the midst of a row with her best friend, James. Meredith knew that Marley was desperately in love with James - and vice versa - but refused to admit it to anyone. James was the son of her parents' best friends Harry and Ginny. For as long as Meredith could remember, her Uncle Harry and Aunt Ginny were around. They weren't actually related, obviously, so Marley being in love with James wasn't weird. Meredith didn't know what had happened yesterday between James and Marley. When Meredith had tried to talk to her, Marley had only repeatedly muttered that James was an idiot before beginning to sob into her pillow. "No. Want me to go wake her?" Meredith offered. Her mother smiled sadly and Meredith wished that Marley would just get her ass out of bed and join in on the tradition of Christmas morning. She didn't care that Marley was upset, she still had to be a part of the family. "No, no. It's okay." Hermione sighed. "Go wake her. You know she'll sleep forever." Jeremy mumbled. She smirked at her brother, leaning forward and ruffling Jeremy's hair. He was right. "Alright, I'm doing it." Meredith said, getting up and heading out of the room for Marley, despite her mother's shouted protests. She knew that her mother wanted Marley to wake up just as much as everybody else. Meredith started down the enormously long hallway to Marley's room. Her house was outrageously big - almost as big as her Grandma Cissa's house. Sometimes, she missed her childhood cottage home - the site of her parents' wedding. But, she knew that this house made sense for a big family and was more suited to her father's taste. Meredith knocked on Marley's door before walking inside. She found her sister still fast asleep under the covers. As she caught sight of her, she was thrown back to her sister as an infant, innocent and peaceful. When she woke up, all the innocence and peace would be gone and for that, Meredith almost didn't want to wake her. But, she had to. "Marley..." Meredith sighed, approaching her sister and shaking her. Marley groaned, pulling the comforter overtop of her head immediately. "Marley, come on. Wake up. It's Christmas." Meredith said, sitting down on the edge of her sister's bed. "Come join everyone in Mum and Dad's room." Marley muttered something incomprehensible under the covers and Meredith just yanked them off of her. Marley sat up, crossing her pale, thin arms over her chest and narrowing her eyes. "Do I have to?" Marley groaned. "Yes." Meredith said, standing up and offering her hand to Marley. "It's a tradition, you know that." "I know , but I really could care less." Marley said, but standing up all the same. "Just do it for Mum, okay? She loves this." Meredith said, turning around and walking out of the room with Marley following close behind her. "Why is everything done for Mum? You always tell me to do stuff for Mum." Marley sighed. Meredith stopped, shaking her head at her younger sister. They were almost the same height, but looked incredibly different. Marley had inherited her mother's dark brown hair and her father's ice grey eyes, instead of the opposite like Meredith had. They both were thin with incredibly pale Malfoy skin, but that was about the end in physical similarities. "Mum's just done a lot for us, okay? We've got to do stuff for her." Meredith sighed. Marley never would truly understand just how much gratitude Meredith held for their mother. When Meredith had been fourteen, she had finally asked her mother about the first few years of her life - before Draco had been there. Hermione had reluctantly explained the toll the War had taken on their relationship, all the while not going into specific detail, and said that she had lost touch with her father. Draco hadn't even know about her until she had been three and a half. Hermione had raised Meredith all alone. For that, Meredith would be forever grateful. She knew just how easily Hermione could have given her up. She was almost certain Marley - or the other kids - didn't know about any of that. She wasn't sure if her siblings knew about her kidnapping either - Scorpius and Lyra definitely didn't. Jeremy had always been the most intuitive of the family, so she was almost sure he could put it together. Marley knew very scarce details. Meredith went into the room first, knowing Marley would follow with her arms crossed over her tank top clad chest and scowl for a minute before lightening up just slightly. "There she is!" Hermione called out brightly at the sight of Marley behind Meredith. Meredith turned around just in time to see Marley's scowl change to a smile. . . . Draco hugged Marley for as long as she would let him - which wasn't that long, unfortunately. But, he let go all the same. Soon, all five kids plus Hermione and himself were on the bed, just as they were every Christmas morning. With the way Marley was going, Draco wouldn't be surprised if this was one of the last mornings. She was becoming increasingly distant from him and Hermione, and he really didn't know what to do about it. And then there was Meredith - she would most certainly be getting her own place soon. Once her European adventures with Teddy and Victoire were over. "Well, shall we get downstairs for some breakfast?" Hermione suggested. With that, all the kids clambered off of the bed and ran down out of the room - well, Meredith and Marley followed slowly behind them. Draco chuckled as him and Hermione climbed out of bed. Hermione instantly headed for the door, but Draco caught her arm. She turned around and he captured her lips in a deep kiss, the kind that could still make her melt after all this time. "Merry Christmas, angel." he whispered once they'd pulled away. Hermione's cheeks were red and her face lit up with an even bigger smile. "Merry Christmas, Draco." She wrapped her arms around his waist and rested her head against his chest. He held her close, breathing in the familiar smell of her hair. "Stop making out and come downstairs before Lyra and Scorp start eating the presents!" Marley yelled from down the stairs. Draco barked out a laugh as Hermione looked up at him, kissing him quickly before grabbing his hand and pulling him out of the room and down the stairs. . . . Marley watched and sipped her coffee as Lyra and Scorpius argued over the remaining few blueberries. She rolled her eyes and leaned forward, tipping the rest of the blueberries off of her plate onto Lyra's and helping Scorpius get the rest from the near empty dish on the table. Satisfied with them having quieted down, Marley leaned back and took another long sip of her coffee. She looked around the table, finding her sister staring down at her plate with a near-empty expression as always. Her heart stung for her sister and her clear troubles, but she really didn't know how to reach out to her. Jeremy was talking with Draco at the other end of the table as they ate, while Hermione was helping Lyra cut into the last piece of her waffle. Marley loved Christmas morning, but she was too distracted with the thought of James and their row from yesterday. He was such an idiot. She hated him. Except, of course she didn't hate him. He was her best friend. In fact, he was more than that. Marley didn't understand her feelings towards James and she almost didn't want to. The intensity of the feelings she tried desperately