Moon Says : This has been sitting on my computer for years, people. Last time I edited it, pr maybe published it, was in 2014. Damn. It isn't the best thing ever, but it is something. I can't concentrate on work right now, so I'm getting rid of this! Pages/Words : 8/3260 Summary : In the latest attack against her twin, she is left with without her memories. She keeps her distance, but when Victoria attacks with her newborn army, she can't stay away anymore. Especially when it seems like everyone is screwing up. When did the Major become weak? When did her twin like control freaks? Damage control, anyone? Notes : Same deal as I usually say (though I don't think I published something like this before, besides Worth It). Soul Twins=same soul, split into two bodies. 3500 years ago, a vampire found his mate in a shifter female. The first ever female shifter and daughter of the first shifter. Bella was named Bellatrix and the other Morrigan. The night they were born, their gifts went out of control and Morrigan's fire gift burned the house down. All this time she has blamed herself, but it wasn't her fault. Enemies of her father broke into the house, killed their mother and Bella, and, as the house burned down, used their gifts on Bella (they hadn't meant for her to get hurt). Bella keeps getting "reborn" (really, deaged and her memories wiped, every time she comes close to dying by the two who killed her mother—they want to use her against her father, but they can never find her, Morrigan does). Bella is really the one with the vision gifts (inherited from their mother), but because she cannot access them at the moment, Morrigan is getting it through their bond/father's gift. Fixing Mistakes Chapter 1 I don't know what I was more pissed at: the wolves, the Major, or myself. The red head was becoming a pain in the ass. No doubt, sooner rather than later, the Volturi would step in, and I honestly didn't want to see them anytime soon. I didn't want to be more confused…which lead me to be pissed in the first place. I have amnesia; let's just say it's extremely uncommon in my species. I'm a half breed, I think. From what my father has told me, I've come to believe that, but I'm finding it hard to trust anyone these past few years. All I know about the supernatural is from what he has told me; that and the rare times my memory pops in with random information. I know a little of my past, mostly I am very strong, well connected, and feared. Though as a half-breed, I am not as strong or fast as the full-blooded ones. I'm one of the few boogeymen of our world. He told me that I am connected to the Volturi's leaders: Caius, Aro, and Marcus. And to every freaking war that has graced the planet… I think that says something…maybe like I'm a bloody masochist? That or I'm a very sadistic person…maybe both. Anyway, of those wars, it includes those involving vampires, werewolves, and the shifters. The only one he told me about was the one during the American Civil War: the Southern Newborn Wars. That gets me to the point of why I'm pissed at the Major. Father told me he is one of the other boogymen, the God of War in fact. He told me some wonder who would win in a fight: me or the Major. Every time the Major is mentioned I feel connected with him, but I don't know why… What I do know is that bastard should have been able to catch and rip the red heard to pieces! What the hell had he been doing the last sixty plus years? Sitting on his ass? Or was his shoving his thumbs up his ass? Or a stick maybe, he sure was slow enough for it. The Major that came to my mind was deadly, nothing stopped him. Not even a vampire with a gift. Then that leads me to why I'm pissed at the wolves…I saw Paul go after Emmett when he crossed the treaty lines. That idiot, the redhead was right behind him! He could have killed her then and there. They are such idiots and weaklings! Speaking of weakness…maybe the reason why the Major was being such a pussy—was it because of the little boy at his side?—the Major feed regularly on human blood during the wars. Then he was the Major, the God of War. I closed my eyes, a tingle of a memory flashed across my mind. I could see him, covered in blood, his eyes a blazing. His body tensed, coiled, and ready to strike. He was amazing; he made my body sing, and I know once or twice I felt fear of him. Or was it for him? Now, I don't feel anything. Father warned me that my memories would return, and it had to be natural without emotion. Emotion would cloud and disrupt them; taint them in a sense. But more than that, they would bring me pain. Father said that if I wasn't careful or emotionless, the memories would flood back, and damage my mind so severely that I would go insane and have to be put to death. So basically, I can't rush the memories, and I can't allow myself to feel emotions. I had a sinking suspicious that father told me about the emotionless thing to stop someone from having control over me, from using me. A trace of information danced at the edge of my mind and the amnesia block. I knew someone from my past, someone empathic: someone who could control my emotions. If someone could control someone's emotions, which is everything that a person is, it means that they can control you. This leads to where I am pissed at myself. I can't force myself to remember. I can't do anything but let the memories come and go as they please. I've been told that sometimes I know a lot of things about my past and tell it, but later I forget all about it. I suspect those are the times I let my emotions take over me. I've waited years for my memories to come back. I've waited years to become myself again. I've waited years to find out what else that bastard took from me besides my memories. He took who I was, and he will pay. If I haven't killed the asspoke yet. Father wasn't sure if I had done it already. I asked him if the memory wiper wasn't dead yet, could he reverse it? Apparently, nothing is known about the gift at all. No one knows what would happen if he dies. If he dies, does my memory come back? What if I had killed him already? Is it permanent? How powerful was the gift in the first place, was another question I had asked. One that made me asked another: why, if he wiped my memory, am I still remembering things? The answer, apparently, is quite simple: my will was stronger than his gift, which means that I can overcome it. Sigh. I should be searching for the asswipe that did this to me, but instead I am watching after my Iza; who has made a very poor choice in a boyfriend. I leave her alone for a month—a month!—and she goes off and gets her one of those possessive guys that won't let her do shit and, as a bonus, controls her. Yes, I saw it. He not only left her catatonic, but he won't own up to the mistakes he made and the consequences. The bastard left her which he shouldn't have been able to if he was her true mate. But more than that, she wouldn't have fallen in love with someone else if that happened. Leaving her was the mistake that he made, and the consequences was her falling in love with the shifter. But he doesn't care. Instead, all that runs through his mind is that she is his and no one else can have her. He is a pathetic dumbass really. I don't know why the boy seer put it in his head that they were mates. There was always something I believed when thinking about mates. Mates involved being equals, trusting each other, but also compromise. Mates have a need to be with each other, one that wouldn't let one leave the other. Mates can't harm the other. Edward apparently didn't get the memo on how mates work. He isn't any of those things. He will never let Bella be his equal; he will never trust her to take care of herself; he left her, and hurt her deeply. He restricts her on who she sees and doesn't, makes sure she doesn't see who he doesn't want her to, and what about that whole trip to Florida? The list was too long to list, and I was growing bored of this already. Of course, I say mates are to be equal of each other, and that the male is the dominant one, but still…Edward had too much control. Didn't daddy Cullen teach him anything? Really, idiots, the lot of them. "Penny for your thoughts, hime?" I've got a feeling that being called hime should piss me off and leave me in unbearable pain, but it doesn't. Mostly because I've shut off my emotions, but more so because I can't remember why… "Why is everyone an idiot?" I said instead of focusing on those thoughts. I heard a snort behind me, then a dramatic gasp from the drama queen talking to me. " Moi ?" he said in a voice that was full of disbelief, and a hint of hurt. "How could you call moi an idiot? Since when have I done something that would warrant such a disgraceful and quite hurtful name?" he paused for a second and the other voice snorted again, trying not to laugh. I turned around and raised an eyebrow at him. "On second thought, don't answer that." I took a deep breath as I turned from him and looked to the sky, the stars were nowhere to be seen; the night was cloudy as well. Yet, I saw the moon quite clearly. A part of me had always been drawn to the moon. The moon was always there for me. She was like the mother I never had—insert deep pain and longing that I quickly throw away—she showed me so many things. I think she even showed me in some form how to use my gift… "She did, sweetie," his voice was soft as he wrapped his arms around me and held me to him; he offered me comfort when even I didn't know I needed it. "But let's not think of her. I don't want you depressed and moody, God knows how unlucky I was that Char over here was turned during her PMSing. I get enough of her!" I braced myself to feel the impact, via him, of her smacking him quite hard upside the head. I wanted to laugh, but I was afraid to feel. I had repressed myself for so long that I wasn't sure what to do. There were so many emotions that could hurt me. Just a few moments ago, I was about to open myself to a slaughter. I was lucky to have the both of them; they kept me from falling into a dark hole and staying there, destroying myself from the inside out. So many times I wanted to give up and just end it all. So many times I would remember things that would drive me either into a rage so uncontrollable or into dark spiraling dark hole that sucked everything from me and made me feel like a Dementor was holding me in its arms. Was my past