Halloween Kiss The Forbidden Forest looked marvelous. Or at least, the part of the forest that Luna, Parvati, Ginny, and Hermione had gotten their wands on did. They'd cleared a space big enough for the 16-and-overs to dance the night away, as this night intended. The forest floor had been cleaned of dead leaves, fallen branches and other scuttling things, and they had convinced Professor Sprout to put in place a temporary enchantment of elfin thyme as a soft dance floor. Overhead floated fat black candles with orange flames and a mixture of different sized pumpkins that Hermione had put hovering charms on; some of which were carved into Jack-o-lanterns. On the outskirts of the dance floor were several long tables, outfitted with long bench seating and orange tablecloths trimmed in black. Platters of food, pitchers of pumpkin juice, and specially made Halloween treats delivered from the castle kitchens weighed heavily on the tables. Dark gnarled forest trees and giant pumpkins from Hagrid's prized pumpkin patch encircled the outskirts of the dance floor, giving the venue a true feeling of Halloween. Occasionally, a ghost or bat floated above the enchanting Autumn party. "We did this, you guys. We really did this," gushed Parvati to the group of girls. Her long fluttery black and orange eyelashes glittered with white specks in the candlelight as she surveyed their handiwork. A lover of all things butterflies, Parvati had come to the Halloween costume party as a Monarch butterfly, complete with a little black dress and wings that fluttered in a magically realistic way. "I know. I still can't believe we convinced Professor McGonagall to go along with it," Ginny said with an impish grin, wearing her – surprise, surprise – quidditch robes. They were her Gryffindor quidditch uniform, but in a testament to Molly Weasley's magical skills at the request of her daughter, she'd been able to charm them to look like Hollyhead Harpies robes for the evening. When Hermione had seen the dark green robes with a gold talon emblazoned on them she'd dryly joked that it was Halloween, not future career day. But the jest was only in good fun (and maybe a little bit of jealousy that Ginny had gotten out of Parvati's fashion clutches and had worn something comfortable to this party). "Professor McGonagall is a good headmistress," Luna stated dreamily, her voluminous pink bubble dress bumping into anyone who stood within a meter radius of her. "It's obvious that after all the grief and sorrow we've experienced, she just wants to make us happy," she said with a smile as bubbly as her outfit. "And Voldemort's dead, so now there's nothing to worry about in this forest…except the tree-horned bliggasaurs, of course," she added matter-of-factly, her rubber duck earrings swinging with her solemn nod. There was a moment of silence at Luna's uncomfortable truths…and one bafflingly wrong statement. Hermione opened her mouth a few times before she began to explain, "There's not—" …but then thought better of it. "You're right, Luna. Professor McGonagall is a lovely headmistress. We're very lucky to have her and that she let us have this party. Oh, look, there's Lee Jordan." The wizard came towards them with an antique radio beneath one arm and his wand tucked behind one ear. "Hiya, ladies," he said, grinning in amusement at their outfits. Hermione couldn't help but notice that he did a double-take when he saw her costume, his eyes going wide. Hermione blushed fiercely, silently cursing herself for letting Parvati talk her into such a revealing outfit, even if it was historically accurate to what ancient Egyptian royal women wore. "What are you supposed to be?" Parvati asked Lee dubiously, her heavy-lashed gaze sweeping over his entirely black outfit. "Here, hold these for a tick," he said to Ginny, handing her the antique radio and his wand. He then pulled out a black mask from a concealed pocket and pulled it over his short dreads and face. "I'm a ninja, see?" "A what?" asked Parvati, Ginny, and Luna all together. Hermione patiently let Lee explain to the other girls what a ninja was. Ginny and Parvati looked quizzical at his explanation, but Luna seemed to nod in complete understanding, her rubber duck earrings swaying madly. "Oh, yes, like the ones that watch my house at night." "Sure… right," Lee said in bemusement. "So anyways, where do you want me to set this up?" he asked, taking his antique radio and wand back from Ginny. "Over at that table that's smaller, there," said Ginny, pointing him in the right direction. "Are you sure you've got the music covered?" questioned Parvati waspishly, following him as he made his way over to set his antique radio on the table. "This night has to be perfect. No lame lulls in music, or playing anything that's too ancient. Our reputations as party planners depends on you providing good music, since we didn't have the time to hire a live act." "Relax, relax, mon papillon, DJ Ninja has got you covered. Trust me." And as he said this, he swished his wand and a rush of a haunting but up-tempo remix of a Weird Sisters song came on the radio. Luna started twirling to the beat. After watching Luna for a moment, Ginny grinned and swayed to the beat as well. "Nice one, mate." "See? Told you I've got you covered." "Well, I suppose it's alright," said Parvati, but a small smile betrayed her true enjoyment of the remix. "High praise from the beautiful butterfly… Hey, save me a dance tonight, Patil, yeah?" This time it was Parvati's turn to blush. "Maybe," she spluttered, as a long shimmering mass of students and professors held their lumos-infused wands up to light their way. "Oh! They're here!" It was like a tidal wave of garish green skin, horns, feathers, skimpy outfits, and many more types of costumes. There was a buzz of excitement in the air. Unsurprisingly, no one came to the Halloween party dressed as a witch or wizard – except for Professor McGonagall; but even she had replaced her usual horn-rimmed glasses with a festive pair of glasses shaped like cats. Other than that, her bun and robes were just as severe as usual. As the crowd of sixteen-and-overs were ushered into the venue, Professor McGonagall pivoted on her heel and signaled for the party planners to come over to her. Lee turned the music down as Professor McGonagall began to speak. "Now as you all can tell," she stated, "there's been a bit of a change this year. You can thank these students for their hard work and steadfast determination to throw you all a Halloween party this year. I will keep this short and to the point, this party is meant only for those who are sixteen and older, as I do not believe younger students should be out frolicking past midnight in the forest. So, if any such students who are under sixteen would like to voluntarily be ushered off the premises for sneaking out of the castle, now is the time to do so." Once she saw there were no volunteers, she continued, "Right. So, without further delay I will say… have a happy Halloween." There was a flash of gold sparks and then four students were propelled out of the venue to the edge where the giant pumpkins were. "Of course, there always must be some," Professor McGonagall said gravely. "Hagrid, could you please escort these underage students back to the castle? And that will be a month's detention each for the lot of you." "'O course, Headmistress McGonagall," said Hagrid, who wore a bright red clown nose, a garishly colored clown suit, and shoes even comically big for his half-giant feet. He ushered the glum students down the path out of the Forbidden Forest. "Now that the youngsters are out of here, let's get this party started!" Lee Jordan's amplified voice rang out from his wand. There were shouts of delight and then the music was up full force again with spooky and enchanting tunes. Parvati was immediately swallowed up by the crowd as she played the perfect party hostess. Luna was bylined by some of her Ravenclaw peers who were impressed with her bubble dress. The dreamy blonde demonstrated to them that if she popped a bubble, another one would appear. The Ravenclaws all giggled in delight and took turns popping the pink suds. Ginny turned to Hermione but her eyes searched the crowd. "He'll be here soon," Hermione promised. The redhead looked bashful. "Is it that obvious?" "Not really," Hermione assured her. "I just know that it's been two months since we've last seen them… So of course, you'd miss your boyfriend." Now Ginny's gaze turned fully to take Hermione in. "Hermione, are you going to be ok seeing him tonight? I know Parvati and I sort of pressured you into planning this party with us, but I've been daft not thinking about the fact that he and Harry are glued at the hip and where one goes, the other follows." "I'll be fine," Hermione said, but she worried the words felt stilted and frail even to her own ears. "Even though Ronald and I didn't work out, we're still friends. Of course, I want to see my best mates… Maybe this will be our chance to patch things up tonight." Ginny looked hopeful. "Yes, this is a wonderful time for you two to get on again. Ron loves Halloween, so he should be in a good mood… And once he sees you in that dress I think he'll go mad with—" But she stopped herself when she saw the stricken look on Hermione's face. She followed Hermione's gaze and there Harry and Ron were—but they weren't alone. Linked on Ron's arm was a young woman with shoulder length black hair and a cat costume on. "Oh, Merlin," Ginny said under her breath. Harry spotted Ginny and Hermione in the crowd, and gave Ron and his date an uneasy smile before he gestured for them to follow him. Ron looked in the direction Harry pointed to and his gaze went straight to Hermione. His expression grew stony but he followed along. "Look at you two. My future star Hollyhead Harpies quidditch player and…Cleopatra?" Harry guessed with a grin as he greeted first Ginny with a fierce hug and a sweet kiss on the lips and then a hug for Hermione. "Actually, I was thinking more along the lines of a young Hatshepsut. She had a long and prosperous reign as Pharaoh, instead of reigning during the tumultuous end of the ancient Egyptian era." Ron snorted in derision. "Like anyone's gonna get all that from that getup," he mumbled under his breath. "You're a brilliant young Hatshepsut," Harry said, talking over Ron. Ginny gave Ron a dirty look and then turned her softening gaze back to Harry, who had put his arm over her shoulders. "And you both came as Aurors. That's not costumes, those are your day jobs," she said playfully to Harry. Harry, whose untidy black hair was grown out long and shaggy now gave his girlfriend a bashful smile. "Yeah, well, we'd been in training over the summer when you'd last seen us and we hadn't had our uniforms yet. I wanted you to see the end results." "Wanted to show off, more like," said Ginny, nudging him. "Yeah, ok, you got me." From the happy grin on his face, it was obvious that he was more than happy to be back in his girlfriend's graces, being gently ribbed by her. Ron cleared his throat loudly. "My date, Desdemona, and I are gonna go get something to eat. See you." "It was nice meeting you," Ginny called out, annoyed. "…Prat," she added quietly, directed at her brother. She and Harry turned to Hermione as soon as he left. "I'm so sorry about him," Ginny said. "Don't worry about it," Hermione said,