Lost Witch Girl It has been five years, two months and three weeks since she's in this world. And it all started with Aunt Petunia sending her on a market errand because Dudley wanted cheesedogs for dinner. Its dark so she could barely see where she was going if not for the dim street lights(can't the authorities improve those?) and the brightly-lit homes of Privet Drive. Then suddenly, without warning, a small black swirl big enough for her appeared and next thing she knew, she's on top of a hill in broad daylight. Still with the cheesedogs at hand. Upon cooking them with magic as she gave the stupid Dursleys a transfigured stick that looks like her wand while keeping the real wand with her, that decision pretty much saved her life back then as she enjoyed cheesedogs which were basically hotdogs with cheese filling piped in inside. It was delicious and her first time having some. Ever. But that day was the first and last time she ever had cheesedogs. This world does NOT have cheesedogs. These people live in medieval times. A language different from hers. And she sticks out like a sore thumb due to her appearance. She transfigured her clothes until she could get real ones by stealing. And then went to school. She learned how this world works in a year. Different language. Different-and cruel-culture. Really, human rights here is nearly non-existent so everyone is careful and wary because if you're caught and subjugated by someone, you're automatically a slave. That's that. And this world requires you to be smart and a survivor. Anything goes as the government headed by the Royal Family, are all pieces of shit. So the civilians are out for themselves unless governed by a kind noble if they live in his territory. But everyone knows not even the nobles can do a thing against the King. Different monetary systems, Swani(due to value, only royalty and nobility ever own this), Sink, Denari(only civilians have this regardless of status), Solda(only soldiers have this), Clou, Akus and Bita. If she'd compare the value, Swani is equivalent to a year's worth of life savings for an individual person, worth five times that of a Sink. A gold Sink coin is worth 1000 Denari, 5000 Clou, 10000 Akus and 50000 Bita. Denari and Solda are worth the same, the difference was who can use what currency. Both are worth 500 Clou, 1000 Akus and 5000 Bita. These two coins are used as paying for salaries in difficult jobs. And a single Denari/Solda can cover a person for nearly a week, if they're good in Math. Clou is worth 50 Akus and 100 Bita, Akus is worth 50 Bita and Bita is worth 1 point. These coins are often possessed by commoners. And Clou is often paid for those employed in easy jobs. As for groceries, the most expensive item is one that's hard to get of course. So food is seasonal in this world just like in Earth. Food that's in season is cheap, while buying food that's out of season, implying scarcity, their price raises. Not only that, their food is ridiculously nutritious since she recovered real fast from malnutrition. However, people's state of health depends on how much they eat. Its easy to tell who's financially well-off and who's not by looking at them alone. Due to thievery, she was among the healthier citizens after a year of living here and eating as much food as she wants. And here, young girls don't become shapely women until they hit 15 wherein at fifteen, their child-like bodies become womanly over time according to books. But development depends on the state of health. However, as Charlene is not a native of this world, that does not apply. So she was often mistaken for a young woman who just 'happens to be short'. She often had to run from perverts or blast them with her magic. School here is expensive. 100 Denari covers just two months and a school year is 13 months . That means you're paying 700 Denari a year. Ouch. But for Charlene Ross Potter, as a witch, its easy for her to go to school. She made a beeline to Rondel, went to the little children's school, and made everyone think she's a little girl and pretended to be mute, and forced a teacher to write her name in that world's letters. Its funny lines mostly. And there's no P, Q, X and Z. So her last name has to be 'Otter'. Daaaamn. She learned the language, mathematics(measurements, weight, value of money, financial computation after addition, subtraction, multiplication and division), social science, manners, science(which was learning living and non-living things, flora and fauna but that's IT), culture, and for girls, how to do chores, cook and sew. And after that, school is permanently over, with children having to be at least 8 years old after a year of school to apprentice under a Master who would teach them a trade of their choice. But as a witch, Magic naturally interested her. Just that...magic is basically bringing to life laws of nature and physics when she went to Rondel to check out the curriculum...and she was stumped in amusement. While she held back in school, she reads more than people realize. She is actually up to High School in knowledge and has eidetic memory, as well as comic books and cooking books the bookstore has that she makes Dobby steal for her so she'll be a Sage just fine. Grinning, she read as many books as she could, while not forgetting to train her body. This is a mistake many magic users make, no matter what world, apparently. Before reading books, she forces herself to do push-ups, sit-ups, and squats, and on weekends, she runs as fast as she could, simulating running away from danger and pushing her body to its limits in the maximum speed her body could possibly do. By doing this, she became fit and trained aside from being shapely, a far cry from what she once was. She also discovered that if she broke the natural laws, such as most of her Transfiguration and Charms, she'll get in trouble with the gods, and send an Apostle to kill her. Yikes. But she tested her boundaries by doing it with no witnesses and in a week, nobody came. She figured if she taught Sages of this world, she and her students are dead meat . In Rondel, she learned that paper and books are heinously expensive. There's no such thing as printing presses either. Books are made by craftsmen, and to fill it in? Why, by handwriting! Book copiers slave away nearly-sleepless nights just to earn three sinks. Paper-makers earn 1 sink per 500 pieces of paper they make. Ink makers earn 500 Denari every 10 bottles of ink they make. So Charlene made a living as a chef after using magic to use Psychometry to understand every ingredient in this world, in order to make really delicious food. She knows how to bring out the best in ingredients by knowing how to prepare them. So she was known as the Sage of Tastes by the time she was 15 years old. She wasn't like most Sages who studied magic and medicine, hers was cuisine-based research which means studying ingredients for sustenance. She was the only student who presents food, not medicine. Upon writing a cookbook and showing her presentation in a very scientific manner, as well as demonstrating her dishes, the panel was awed at how delicious her food was through new ingredient preparation 'she's discovered', thus earned her Masters and became an official Sage, no longer a student. She wrote cookbooks about Meat, Seafood, Vegetables, Soup, making Sauces and Dips, and various cooking methods and ingredient preparation. She even made the best ale and beer everyone never dreamed they could have. The thing was, she got loads of chefs, brewers and housewives for students, even taking their daughters with them that she had to beg the Academy Headmaster to let her rent a space in the Academy just to teach these bunch! However, the number of students are thankfully-limited as rules are still rules...pay the tuition fee! Well, she was well off in the end, and could easily pay the damn rent. And students who just became Sages must sit still for a whole day for their portraits to be painted, and the painting be put in the Hall of Masters, basically a hallway that doubles as a Gallery, and a framed detailed information on Master in question written in paper. And on the day of graduation, many Sages and students alike often crowd this hall just to see who became the newest Sages on the first day of public viewing, and then civilians can come see. Elderly first, middle-aged, young adults, and children in that order. Its one way to spread fame in Rondel after all. So now, Rondel isn't a city just for magic and medicine...it also became a hub for numerous restaurants, taverns and hotel kitchens who now compete with each other on who's the best in Rondel in making their customers squeal at delicious food. Rondel was laced with the scent of food since Charlene's students graduated two years after training them all. Now, rich in money, she left Rondel at 17 on a journey for 'undiscovered tastes' because she is the Sage of Taste. She has two horses and a wagon enough to carry six people. On the way, she found miserable-looking Warrior Bunnies who are weak from hunger. So from her travel pack, she cooked a vegetable soup to rouse the bunnies and it took a few hours for them to wake. 'Hu?!' they gasped, to see a young human woman not far from them, and near her is a pot of food. 'Oh, you girls are awake.' said Charlene. 'What happened to you two?' These Warrior Bunnies are called Delilah, Parna and Griine. They were on the run from being captured for slavery(read: sex slaves). The Warrior Bunny Kingdom was attacked by the Empire, an army led by the eldest prince, Zorzal El Caesar. Those who resisted are killed, those who surrendered are humiliated by being collared, and stripped naked before being put in cages. Apparently, their Queen Tyuule, despite telling her people to fight to the end, apparently ran away to save herself. 'I see...so that's how it is.' said Charlene softly. 'For now, do you girls want to travel with me? I'm traveling to discover more species of food and herbs for medicine in places nobody has been to yet.' she said. 'I'll hire you as my assistants and look after you three. You'll get paid of course.' With that, she took the weary bunnies in, and upon stealing materials in towns, she made clothes for them using her magic. 'I-instant clothes?!' the bunnies squawked as with a wave of her staff and her will alone, leather and rubber became sturdy, comfortable sandals adjusted to the structure of their feet. She made a fashionable armored dress ending in a miniskirt for the bunnies to wear, as well as a sword belt where they can sheathe their daggers and short swords that were molded straight, sturdy and of good-quality. But the price for good quality is the armor's weight...so they had to get used to it somehow by training whenever they stop for camp. Charlene also teaches them magic she could legally teach. And they've been to places no caravan can go to. And discovered more species of herbs, fruit and plants, and their uses and possibility for mass-production by farming. And the cursed burning swamp in Elbe? It's crude oil! 'Crude Oil?' the bunnies echoed. 'Yes! Crude Oil is a naturally occurring, yellow-to-black liquid found in geological formations beneath the Earth's surface, which is commonly refined into various types of fuels.' Charlene explained. 'It is formed when large quantities