Chapter 1 Lina Lovegood woke up in her grandmother's house which amazed her because it was attacked by deatheaters when her grandmother was trapped in Malfoy's cell. If you haven't guessed already, her grandmother is Luna Lovegood. Lina wasn't like her mother or grandmother. She was most like her father, who died when she was five. Lina was a mixed breed. Her mother was a witch, while her father was a hippogriff. Lina has short black hair, big grey wings, very skinny, and has big purple eyes. But Lina had a deep dark secret that even her family doesn't know about it. She can read minds, only if she really wanted to of course. "Come down Lina, or you'll be late for the Granger-Weasley party that we were invited to," her mother called to her, "And you are suppose to wear something nice. What about that dress I gave you for your birthday?" "Don't be so harsh on her, Lena," said Luna. "I'm coming, in this hideous dress," called down Lina. Lina walked down a few minutes later in a beautiful purple dress. "Purple isn't really my color, you could've gotten at least a green dress." Lina saw her mother roll her eyes thinking, At least she is pretty in it, but she will of course bring her wand. Why did I do school shopping early. Lina walked out the door, trying hard not to read her mother's thoughts. With her wand in her hand. A 10 ¾ sized wand made from a single strand of a unicorn hair from its mane. She wanted to show Dan and Sam some things she was learning and doing with her wand. "Come on mom, or we will be late. You know what, I'll just fly there and you can apparate whenever you want." Lina ran out the door to get a jumping start, and she was in the air within a few steps. Lina learned how to fly when she was four years old by her father. She remembered failing a bunch of times before she was in the air. That was the happiest day, her father flew in the air with her, and her mother with a smile on her face. It wasn't long before she spotted the Granger-Weasley house. A tall house with chickens and goats, begging to have love. Lina landed at the front door of the Granger-Weasley house when Rose answered the door. "Oh, hello Lina, where is your mother and grandmother?" "They'll be here in a moment." "Alright then, come on in, Sam and Dan are in the yard playing quidditch, if you want to join them." "Thanks, Rose." Lina took off over the house where she saw Sam and Dan. All dressed up for the dinner. Sam is Harry Potter's grandson. So he brags in to Lina and Dan, who always mock him doing it. James Potter, Sam's father, always plays with the three of us, but Sam thinks it's embarrassing. Sam doesn't look anything like his father, he looks more like his mother, Delilah Potter. Sam has her blond hair and her skinny body. Dan is Ron Weasley's grandson, also Rose's son. Dan doesn't have the family's red hair, instead he has dusty brown hair. So does his sister. Rose likes to stay out of the boy area, instead, she talks with the mom's about parenting and school. Ron likes to tease Dan about him and Lina, but that ends when Dan mentions about how weird and awkward he and Hermione were at his age, and it always works. "Hi Lina. Can you believe we have to dress up for this thing. I've never seen you dress so fancy," pointed out Dan. "I don't know how to respond to that. Anyway, can I join you guys?" "Sure, if you're good enough," Challenges Sam. "Challenge accepted." "How are you going to play if you don't have a broom? Huh?" "Who says I'm using a broom?" Lina stretched out her wings to show them what she was planning to do. "Fine, you can use your wings. First one to score a goal wins." "You're on." As the game started, both went on and on until Lina scored a goal. "That is how girls do it." "It was just a meaningless game," Sam said. "Fine, it was meaningless. Do you guys have your wands?" "I do," chimed in Dan. "Yeah, I do too." "Great! I thought we can work on our spells we need for this year at Hogwarts. I almost got my patronus down. Maybe you guys can work on it too?" "I can ask my grandpa for help," Sam suggested. "Excellent! Can you go get him?" "Sure." Lina closed her eyes and thought of her most happiest memory. It had to be the time she learned how to fly. Then she muttered the words, "Expecto Patronum." A bright light blinded both Lina and Dan. All the people out of the house came outside to see what was happening, Including Sam and Harry. Harry was very impressed by what he witnessed. Then, a figure of an eagle came out of the blinding of brightness. The eagle went round and round around Lina, making her laugh with joy, and then, went up in the air and exploded in the sky, making fireworks. After that witness, everyone stared in silence at Lina, not making a word. Then Dan snuck up to her and said, "Can you teach me how to do that?" "Of course!" "Really?" Before Lina could answer, Rose called everyone in for lunch. The doors crowded with people, luckily, Lina managed to sneak in and take a seat next to her grandmother. Luna had a warm smile on her face that said, "Your grandfather will be very impressed." Lina's grandfather was Neville Longbottom, the herbology teacher at Hogwarts. She doesn't really see him that much, but she thinks he is sweet and caring. "Thank you everyone for coming here for lunch," Rose began, "We all know that Hogwarts starts tomorrow. So, I will like to make a toast to Sam, Lina, and Dan. To Hogwarts!" "To Hogwarts!" cheered everybody. "Everyone started eating. Lina took a piece of ham and some mashed potatoes, and started eating right away. She was interrupted by Harry. "How did you do that?" he said, but before she could answer, when she read Harry's mind, Does she know that this is a big deal! She could be the most powerful witch at Hogwarts! Does she know that she is in danger? She probably will be the first mixed breed in centuries. What does he mean by in danger? Thought Lina. "Uh, I just thought of my favorite memory and kaboom, there was my patronus." "So, who are you most wanting to see at Hogwarts?" asked Albus Potter. "It is a tie between grandpa or Hagrid." "Why Hagrid? Not to be mean or anything," commented Lily Potter who was holding her new baby, Brooklyn. "Because, remember Buckbeak?" she pointed at Harry, he nodded, "He raised my other grandfather, Buckbeak is my grandfather, he had my father." "That is so cool!" "I know right?" "Which house do you think you will get into?" asked Hermione. "My best guess is Ravenclaw." "Makes sense." "Dan and I will probably get into Gryffindor," Sam chimed in. "And if you do, I will miss you guys," Lina said sweetly, making Dan blush. They ate and ate until Brooklyn started crying. "We should leave, she hasn't taken her nap all day. She must be tired. Thank you for the meal Rose," said Lily. "No problem," called Rose, "Good luck with Brooklyn!" Lina waited until she asked Luna, "Can I stay at Dan's house for the night?" "Why not? They are taking you to the Hogwarts express in the morning, after all." That got Sam thinking the same thing."Hey, dad? Can I stay at Dan's house too?" James looked at Delilah, then said, "Sure I'll go get your stuff." "Yes!" "You guys can sleep in my room," chimed in Dan. "Ok! I'm just gonna fly around the house, you guys want to join me?" asked Lina. "Sure! We'll go get our broomsticks." Sam and Dan met Lina outside with their broomsticks. Lina was waiting for them when they got there. "Ok, how about we have a flying battle where we use our wands to hit each other. Is that cool?" "Yeah." "Ready, set, GO!" Lina was in the air before the boys were. They started battling right away. Dan hit Sam with expelliarmus, then Lina hit Dan with stupify. Sam was gonna hit Lina when dark figures emerged from the sky. Harry ran out to say, dementors, but it was too late. The dementors charged right at Lina. Lina tried to lose them by flying in circles, but it was no use. She pulled out her wand and said, "Expecto Patronum!" The figure of an eagle came out of Lina's wand, going right toward the dementors. More dementors came, but the patronus was too powerful. Harry put out his wand and said, "Expecto Patronum!" A figure of a stag came out of Harry's wand and made a gigantic force field. Sam went next to Harry and said, "Expecto Patronum!" A figure of a moose came out of Sam's wand, charging at the dementors with giant antlers. Then finally, Dan went next to Lina and said, "Expecto Patronum!" A figure of a manette came out of Dan's wand, charging at the dementors. Together, they made a bam and the dementors were gone. "Are you guys all right?" Harry asked concerned. "Yeah, we're fine, but why did the dementors come here?" "I don't know, but whatever it is, the ministry has something to do with it." Chapter 2 "The ministry? Why?" asked Lina. "Dementors can only be controlled by the ministry, either it was an accident, or it was on purpose," explained Harry, but Lina knew it was on purpose, then Harry thought, Umbridge may have something to do with it, she was probably targeting Lina because she hates mixed breeds. Who's Umbridge? Thought Lina. "You guys should probably go inside, it is getting late. Ginny will make your beds when you get inside." "Thanks Gramps," thanked Sam. "Thank you Mr. Potter, see you in the morning," called Lina. Lina flew upstairs while the boys went up the stair on the stairs. Where is your room, Dan?" asked Lina. "Right here," he pointed at a orange door with Gryffindor colors on the front. Dan opened the door to find Ginny organizing the beds. Dan's bedroom was mostly filled with Gryffindor colors, but there was one picture that caught her attention. The picture looked liked the entire family, included the Potters, but there was a little girl that Rose was holding in her arms. Lina did not know who this was. "Hey Dan," she called, "Who is this little girl Rose is holding?" Dan observed the picture for a moment, then said, "Mom doesn't really want me to talk about her. She was murdered one night by who knows who. Her name was Iris. She was my twin sister for a moment, then she was gone. She died of dragon pox when she was eight. Do you know how that feels?" The mere mention of that question rang in Lina's head. A picture of her dad came up, happy and alive. After her father died, Luna moved in to make her and her mom feel better. After a few moments, Lina said, "Yes." "Can we please stop talking about this for a moment," Ginny chimed in, "I'm having flashbacks to when your great uncle Fred died at the battle of Hogwarts." "Sorry gram, we didn't mean to make you feel bad," answered Sam. "I know you didn't mean it," she went over to Sam and gave him a kiss on the forehead, and left the room. After Ginny fully went out of the room, Sam mentioned, "Are you guys ready for Hogwarts?" "Not without