Draco sat counting the white marble spirals that lined the Ministry's floor. He felt Pansy's hand rest on his knee in a comforting gesture. He welcomed it, knowing the gesture comforted her more than him. They all needed comfort, especially today. To his left, Theo sat with an almost identical expression on his face that Draco had: stoic, calm. They both knew that it was just an act. They had too many feelings going through them. Behind him, he could hear the taps of Blaise's shoes echoing through the empty hallway. Draco knew it was bothering them all, but they did not have it in them to tell Blaise to stop. He went back to counting the spirals. 125, 126, 127… His monotony was disrupted by Pansy's manicured nails digging into his knee. "Shit, Pans," he hissed as he rubbed the source of the pain. He expected an apology of some sort but did not get one. He looked up and realized that Pansy's gaze was not even on him. He followed it to find it fixated on three figures emerging from the Minister's office. The sudden silence in the hall indicated that Blaise had seen them too. Draco glanced at Theo to see him still gazing at the floor. The three figures exited the office and only then saw the four Slytherins sitting there. All smiles quickly vanishing from their faces. Whether from surprise or anger, Draco did not know. Weasley quickly changed his expression to a glare. Potter and Granger both wore looks void of emotion. Draco met Granger's eyes for the briefest of seconds before turning his gaze to Potter. Potter offered him a nod of the head which Draco returned. He had no reason to hold any malice against him. He had saved them all from the fucked up lives they were leading. The guy was a good guy. He had testified for his mother for fuck's sake. His mother…. He quickly turned his head back to the floor as he heard the three sets of feet walk away. Blaise resumed his pacing, Draco his counting, Theo stayed staring at the ground, and Pansy ran her hands through her hair and sighed. "The Minister is ready for you," Draco glanced up to see an old lady with a kind face staring back at them. But as Draco met her eyes, he saw no kindness. They were cold and filled with hatred. He should be used to this, but was not. Not yet anyway. He assumed that there would soon come a day where all their stares would not matter to him, just like everything else, but right now, it still stung. He saw Pansy help Theo up and held out her hand for him to hold. Theo accepted. Comfort. They needed it. All four entered the room and took the empty seats in front of the Minister's desk. "Hello Mr. Malfoy," the baritone voice of Kingsley Shacklebolt said. "Mr. Zabini, Mr. Nott, Miss Parkinson." "Minister," Draco offered for the four of them. Kingsley smiled at him in return. "I know all four of you have experienced some troubling months," Years, Draco mentally corrected. "We all have." Kingsley continued. "Today, I cannot lie, will also be difficult. We have some paperwork we have to go through first and then we can continue to the real reason you all are here today." Four heads nodded in agreement. "Now, did you want to do this separately, or to-" "Together," they said unison, cutting Kingsley off. He nodded in understanding and waved a stack of folders over to his desk. "Perfect. We will start with you, Mr. Nott," Theo lifted his eyes to meet Kingsley's. "Your father, as you know, has been sentenced to the Dementor's kiss and will serve out his waiting time in Azkaban. Your mother has been moved to the Psychiatric Ward at St. Mungo's. Unfortunately, she still has not been cleared for visitors and it may be quite some time before she is. We have not found the remains of your sister, but I assure you that our Aurors are working very hard to locate them so that you can have a funeral." Draco rolled his eyes subtly. He knew Kingsley was on their side, but he doubt the Auror department was. He wanted to say exactly that to Kingsley, but stopped himself. He did not want to make this harder for the rest of them. He saw Theo getting paler with each word. He wanted to reach over to give him a hug, a hand to hold, anything. But his father's voice nagged his mind. " Purebloods show no emotion, Draco. Emotions are a sign of weakness." "The Nott Estate, of course, falls into your hands, Theo. Our Aurors are going in and raiding the place of any Dark objects. After that, it completely falls to you-" "Can-can I ask a favor, Minister?" Theo's voice came out raspy. As if he hadn't spoken in weeks. And as Draco thought about it, he can't remember the last time he heard Theo's voice. Theo looked to his three best friends for support. Pansy offered a smile. "Of course, Theo, what is it?" "Burn it. Please," Theo said looking straight at Kingsley. "I…I will keep the land….just burn the house." If Kingsley was surprised by Theo's request, he did not show it. Draco was not surprised. He thought of doing the same thing to the Manor, but then he remembered his mother. He wanted her to be comfortable. "If that is what you want Theo, then we can definitely do that," Kingsley responded. Theo nodded and sunk back into his seat. "We will move onto Miss Parkinson," Pansy sat up straighter. "Pansy, as you also know, your father has been sentenced to the Dementor's kiss. He will also be serving out the rest of his time in Azkaban. Parkinson Manor is now yours." Kingsley paused as if waiting for Pansy to request the same thing to Theo. She did not say a word, instead she nodded. Kingsley smiled and turned to Blaise. "Mr. Zabini, we cannot locate your mother. We have Aurors searching everywhere for her. Because of this, we do not think it is wise for you to return to your estate. Do you have a place to stay?" Blaise looked conflicted. Draco knew he wanted good news on the whereabouts of his mother. "Yes, Minister," Blaise answered. "I will stay with Draco." "Very well," Kingsley responded. "We will have Aurors sent over to the apartment to make sure that the proper charms are cast. Would that be okay Draco?" Draco grudgingly nodded. Honestly, he did not want Aurors to step foot into his apartment, but he did not want to upset Kingsley. "Perfect, now onto you Mr. Malfoy," Kingsley turned his gaze to Draco and offered him a small smile. Draco did not return it, but Kingsley was not expecting him too. "First, I want to thank you for coming to me to discuss all of this. I know it is a lot to go through and it is a lot you have already gone through," Draco nodded, but said nothing. "I hope this is not too inappropriate Draco, but I also wanted to let you know that I never thought you like your father," Kingsley said sincerely. Draco saw Pansy and Blaise exchange surprised looks. "You are so like your mother. I don't know if I ever expressed this to you, but I am very grateful that you came to us during the way. I also believe that I need to apologize." All four sets of eyes, now filled with shock, turned to look at Kingsley. He looked sincere and truthful. "I thought it would have been beneficial not to reveal your true alliance during the war. I was mistaken. I asked the four of you to continue living in your bigoted lives when you asked for a chance to see light. It has been my greatest disappointment. I truthfully hope that the four of you can forgive me. I see the looks everyone gives you four, unknowingly. It is undeserving." "Minister… Kingsley," Draco said catching his attention. "It is okay. We know that we would not have been welcomed with opened arms. We all did what we had to do. We did what we had to survive. We forgive you." The other three nodded in agreement. Kingsley looked impressed and touched. "Thank you," he responded then proceeded to clear his throat as if getting rid of any emotion that may have built up in there. "Now Mr. Malfoy, as you know, your father has the same fate as the others. Malfoy Manor is now yours." "It is my mother's," Draco said. "She will keep it and do as she wishes." Kingsley nodded. He finished writing all the paperwork and moved to receive four familiar letters. "I have one more thing to address to the four of you before we move on," he continued. "Hogwarts is opening once more." He handed each of them their letters. "Headmistress McGonagall has expressed her wishes for those in your year to come back to school to repeat your final year. The Ministry is highly in agreement in this decision with Hogwarts and also encourages your seventh year to be repeated. Do you have any questions?" "So we definitely have to go back?" Pansy said eyeing her letter. "It is not required, but as your Minister I am requiring you," Kingsley said smiling. Pansy laughed lightly, but Draco knew that she did not want to go back. None of them really did. "Of course I am joking, but I do highly suggest going back, The Ministry job requirements have not changed. You do still need to obtain your NEWTs to get a job. However, I know that this is a new world we are living in. There are many people who have lost loved ones who will have a hard time moving on. I am afraid that grudges will be held, on both sides. But, I also want you four to know that if you have any problems at all, you can owl me directly." Draco turned to Theo to see him with shock all over his face. Blaise and Pansy looked similar. Draco knew that Kingsley was just trying to make up for everything that had happened during the war. And to be honest, he was doing a great job so far. "Thank you very much, Minister," Pansy smiled. Kingsley returned it before standing and making his way around the desk to stand directly in front of them. "Now I am afraid it is time for the hard part," Kingsley's voice went serious. Draco felt his palms get sweaty. "I know none of you want to do this. But it is Wizarding Law. If a family member is receiving the dementor's kiss, they must meet with one member of their family. It is meant to act as their last chance to remember their humanity." Blaise looked at his three best friends as they all got up and followed Kingsley out of the office to the lift. Ignoring all the looks they were receiving, they made their way. Once the doors closed, Kingsley turned to them. "You will each have 5 minutes," he said. "Mr. Zabini, you will stay with me." Blaise nodded but continued looking at the pale expressions on his best friends' faces. They should not have to be put in a room with their sadistic parents. He hoped none of them would break character, even though it didn't matter if their parents knew now or not. They were locked up. For him, it was a different story. Either way, none of their parents needed to know that their children did not believe the bullshit they've been spewing for years. "Mr. Nott, you will be in holding room 1." Kingsley continued. "Theo," Draco said to his friend who was getting paler by the second. When Theo did