The Egyptian sun beat down mercilessly from a cloudless blue sky as Tommie Riddle approached the mirage-like ripple at the crest of a lonely hill. The ripple was difficult to spot in the glare off the sand, but the heady, heavy power about this place was unmistakable. Almost no travelers made it this close to the tomb of the ancient, Nameless Sorcerer, who, legend held, had discovered true immortality—without the need of crude methods such as Horcruxes or vampirism—or easily-overcome ways such as the Philosopher's Stone. Truthfully, Tommie was content with her five ill-gotten Horcruxes, but she was anything if not thorough; if a superior path toward immortality existed, she vowed to find it, no matter the cost. The folk in the Wizarding settlement at the hill's base had cautioned her against the ascent. "I'd rather not send another adventurer to their death," an olive-skinned, dark-haired witch of indeterminate age had sighed. "Better wizards than you never returned." The few other people brave enough to leave the cooler shade of their houses nodded in sage agreement. "I am Lord Voldemort," Tommie replied. To her disappointment, none of her audience flinched appropriately. "I will mine magic's best-kept secrets, for I intend to go down in history as the greatest witch of this age." "Bold, foolish words from one so young," the witch said. "If we meet again—that is, if we meet again and he hasn't changed you in some way, I might just believe you." Oh, she'd show her. When Tommie reached the top of the hill, she rested with her pack nestled behind her to consider what she was up against. The wards were hard to sense, and she was exhausted and covered in a film of sweat. She lifted her damp hair to massage her neck and took a sip of water from the bottle at her hip. Wishing ruefully that she could have dispensed with this demeaning and Muggle hike—replete with physical exertion and endurance of the taste of stale, chalky water as it was, she turned to the task at hand. The tomb's wards were slippery, nearly impossible to untangle. Tommie would find a knot of magic, then lose it in a burst of sparks and sand. This process repeated five or six times, her frustration mounting with each failure. "Is there a price I must pay?" she hummed, the wards resisting her once more. On a whim, she made a small cut in her finger, and allowed a few drops of blood to scatter in the sand near the visible distortion of the air. With that, the wards were easy to unravel, almost as if they wished to be. Odd... As the last of the wards dissolved, the tomb itself appeared: a plain, undecorated sandstone structure, no taller than ten feet at its peak. Tommie ducked through a small opening in the side, and straightened to her full, less than imposing five feet six inches as she walked down a cool, narrow corridor that served as the tomb's welcome mat. A faint, dank breeze carrying the scent of old stone wafted about her as she walked, her feet echoing along the dusty floors. The corridor widened into a central room lined with guttering torches. Tommie shivered as she noticed a small, thin man sitting with crossed ankles in a chair, a book in hand, the torchlight reflecting off his bald head. "I've been expecting you," the man said into the silence. "Did the witch in the village inform you I was coming?" "Naturally, though you were far from discreet." The man rose from his chair and walked toward her. "Welcome to my tomb. Or my home, really, seeing as I'm not dead. Anyway, I am the Nameless Sorcerer, as so many have dubbed me. Who are you, and why are you here?" "I am Lord Voldemort. I seek knowledge," Tommie said, breathing deeply to quell her rising excitement. "I wish to know how you achieved immortality." The Sorcerer's eyes sparked with rage. "Impudence! You have committed abominable acts to mutilate your soul. Your arrogance is boundless and quite offensive to me, as is that ridiculous name you've chosen. The knowledge you seek will be useless while your foolishness persists." He flicked his hand, and a bolt of blue light shot toward her. She managed to dodge; in the process, her feet tangled and she landed heavily on one elbow. Pain jarred through the bones of her arm. "However," he mused, contemplating her spralled form, "few have made it into my tomb. Fewer still have departed unscathed." He smirked at her. "So saying, I will let you go." What? "My thanks," Tommie hedged, hoisting herself unsteadily to her feet. "Hmm, I'd hold off thanking me until you hear my terms," he said, carelessly waving a hand. "All right then," Tommie returned. "What would those terms be?" "You shall walk the earth as a creature of my choosing, until the curse accompanying your new form is broken. Really, I'm doing you a favor," he added, forestalling her protest. "Tearing your soul in the manner you have? Unutterably irresponsible! I'm fixing that, while someone still can." "Wait—" she pleaded, ashamed of the tremor in her voice. He ignored her protest, whispering an incantation she didn't catch. Pain engulfed her, pain like she had never known: Hunching shoulders, bending limbs, spine extending into a long tail, hands and feet curling and crunching into paws, a faint pricking as her teeth became those of a carnivorous mammal. And deeper still, another agony, as the shards of her tattered soul were squished together like a lump of extraphysical clay. No, she screamed. All those adeptly-planned murders—wasted! She lay gasping and confused at the feet of the ancient sorcerer. "In case you couldn't tell, you're a sphinx, Tommie Merope Riddle. I'm sure you appreciate the irony," he purred. "You shall remain this way until someone finds the answer to the riddle I shan't tell you." She growled ferociously, and he laughed. "Now, now, dear. That's no way to improve your lot. No one will wish to help you if you insist upon growling at them." He gestured with his left hand, and she felt herself caught up in a gale. "Good luck, Miss Riddle. I daresay you'll need it." Tommie was deposited unceremoniously at the base of the hill she had so recently scaled, the tomb once again obscured. She lay quietly evaluating this new body of hers. A lithe strength infused her limbs. Her claws were sharp. Rising, she stretched onto her toes, admiring glossy dark fur and sinuous muscles. She could get used to this. Sphinxes lived long, and held powerful magics of their own. Unfortunately, this knowledge did her little good. She had read about sphinxes only once, and with nothing more than perfunctory attentiveness. Instinct was powerful, however; she'd learn what she wished to know in due time. "You survived!" The olive-skinned witch appeared nearby, eyes gleaming in the late afternoon sun. "Well, this is more interesting than his usual curses. I suggest you make the best of it. Whatever your riddle is, the answer will be nigh impossible." Tommie nodded curtly. "I don't doubt that. Would you know how I might go about returning home?" Instead of answering, the witch briefly patted her shoulder and Disapparated, her laughter ringing in the slight breeze. Were the witch and the sorcerer lovers? Their responses to her had been almost identical... Sighing, Tommie began to walk. Perhaps she could let herself be captured by some British creature enthusiasts, who would take her home—eventually. The years in the desert passed slowly. Tommie walked for interminable miles, hoping to find the sort of wizards that trapped magical creatures so they could ship them home and gaze at them in quiet awe. On the days luck favored her, she ran across groups of Muggles, whom she had little choice but to play with incessantly—the spinx's need for puzzles and riddles became tiresome at times—and then to slaughter, for fear they would report her existence to Muggle authorities. The bloodshed should not have bothered her, and yet it did. This sort of gratuitous killing seemed different than the murders for her Horcruxes. There was no prior planning. These people were insignificant. Bloody kills bored her, left her cold and unsatisfied. She took such pride in the anonimity and flawless execution for Horcrux murders; what she did in the Egyptian desert shamed her. Rarely, she met other sphinxes, who were belligerently territorial and had little to say beyond snarling and clawing. On one memorable occasion, a male sphinx attempted to mount her, making promises of undying devotion and riddles never before heard as he did so. "Get the fuck off me," she growled, pushing him away in disgust. "Come now, darling," he purred, circling her. "You seem so lonely out here." "I need no one," she replied, and then gave him a wound severe enough that it had scarred by the next time she saw him, while they were both pursuing a herd of camels. Males were all the same, she concluded, no matter their species. When the day of her return home came, she nearly missed it. By now, Tommie felt more sphinx than woman, having spent twice as much of her life-fifty years of it—as the former. But here were British wizards, chasing her across the sand... "Why do you wish to capture me?" she asked, coming to a stop and turning to face them. "There's going to be a Tournament in a few months," one of the wizards said, "and they wanted a sphinx for one of the tasks." "No doubt to tell a riddle and attack the competitor if they fail to answer correctly." "They didn't give us details," the wizard said. "They just said to bring back a sphinx, uninjured and willing." "I meet those specifications to the letter," Tommie purred. "After the Tournament," the wizard went on, "we'll release you here, so it wouldn't be permanent captivity." "Fine, fine," Tommie said. "I would have consented to go with you, even without that." As Tommie and the British wizards departed, a shadowy figure watched. "That's it, girl," the Nameless Sorcerer whispered. "Go on home. The one who can break your curse awaits." I really should have listened to Hermione and not entered this thing , Harriet Potter thought, clutching the stitch in her side as she ran from the Blast-Ended Skrewt which pursued her relentlessly, ceasing only after she created the illusion of a brick wall in its path. The maze was eerily silent now, as if holding its breath in anticipation for something she could not sense. The Cup was close. If her luck held, she'd no doubt run into something nasty enough to make the Skrewt look like an abject failure. "Halt, child, or else I will be forced to attack you." Harriet skidded to a stop just before running headlong into the next creature serving as an entertaining obstacle for all those watching. A sphinx crouched before her, blocking the way forward, clearly prepared to spring if she made any more sudden movements, its long tail twitching. Harriet's first question should probably have been along the lines of "okay then, what do I need to do?" Instead she asked, "Um, are spinxes white now? All the pictures I've seen show them with darker skin," for the sphinx before her was pale-faced, lacking even a subtle olive tint, with high cheekbones and a wide forehead, black hair—like Harriet's, except not as wild—spilling across her shoulders. She had chocolate-brown fur and a white underbelly; her unsheathed claws gleamed dully in the light of Harriet's wand. At Harriet's question, the sphinx nearly laughed. "Oh no, only me," she replied. "Got on the wrong side of a powerful sorcerer many years ago." "You were born human, then," Harriet said, surprised. She'd never heard of anyone powerful enough to manage a Trafiguration like this. Undoubtedly Hermione would be intrigued (and then pepper her