A/N: Helloooo(: so um i guess i need to say i don't own the characters except for the few i made up and all that jazz. Read and Reviews are appreciated. Rated M for later chapters and just to be safe. Enjoy xx "There's something we need to tell you…" my mother started. "You have a half brother." my step dad said. "And-" my mom said, 'and! There's more?' I thought, "a half sister." she finished. "What?" I asked quietly. "They live in La Push." "La Push?" "On the Quileute Reservation." "Quilu….reser, what?" "Yes." "How..old are there?" "They are both 19 but Leah's older than Seth by ten months." "Why did you keep this from me for so long?" "We never had the right time to tell you." "And now all of a sudden it's ideal?" "Yes the last day of school for you is tomorrow and we thought you might like to spend your summer out there, getting to know them." "What about my summer plans? College road trips? This is the end of my senior year, graduation parties." "You'd rather go to parties than get to know your family?" "They're only part family!" I said mad. "None the less, your family." "Why would their mom want me there anyway?" "What do you mean?" "Let's face it," I paused, "I'm her husband's love child!" "Sveta it's not like that." I rolled my eyes and sighed. "Pokuta." I shook my head. "Fine." "And another thing, English when you meet them. No Slovak, Czech, or any other language you know." my mom smiled. "Pokuta." she raised her eye brow at me. "I'm not there yet." I got up from the dining room table and went upstairs to my room. The next morning I got ready for my last day. Lime converse, short blue jean shorts, a loose tank top with two finger width straps. I took my hair out of the pony tail and let it hang in its natural curl. I brushed my teeth, put on some make up and walked downstairs. "Did you eat breakfast?" my mom asked me. "No, I'll be fine." "You need to eat, you haven't eaten since lunch yesterday." "Mom, it's only half a day, then it's the senior picnic. They're catering, I'll eat there." "Promise?" "I promise. Now, I have to leave to go get Rose." I gave her a kiss on the cheek, grabbed my keys and purse and left. I got in my car and drove down four blocks to Rose's house. I beeped twice and she walked out smiling like always. "Hey!" she squealed when she got in the car, she gave me a hug and I drove off. "Ready to be done with school!" I shouted turning up the radio loud. "Hell yeah!" she yelled rolling down her window. I rolled mine down and put on my sun glasses. "I love summer days!" she sat back in her seat and couldn't stop smiling. "I cant believe our senior year is finally over!" "Time to start our lives." "Hollywood here we come!" she said. "About that…" "What? What's wrong?" "I um, I'm going to La Push." "La what?" "In Washington." "and you're going there why?" "To meet my half brother and half sister." "Why didn't you tell me about them?" "I just found out about them last night." "Oh." "Yeah, I always wanted a brother or sister, guess I had some and never knew." "How old are they?" "19, ugh they're probably gonna try to boss me around and shit because I'm younger than them." "Only by a year." "Not yet, I don't turn 18 for two more weeks, May 30th not the 16th, remember." "Same difference!" "But still," I sighed, "and they're mom." "What about her?" "She's not gonna be nice to me. I'm her husbands love child for god's sake!" she started laughing at me. "Why is this funny?" "Her husband's love child? C'mon that's a little extreme." "My mom doesn't believe me either." I pulled into the parking lot of the school and we got out. I left my purse in the car and tied my keys around my belt loop. I shoved my phone in my back pocket and walked inside. "It's 7:40 in the morning. School didn't even start yet and people are already crying!" I said looking around at people. "If I cry today it's only because I'm happy to leave!" Rose said. "Same." I chuckled. We walked to our first class. Four girls were by the windows crying, a group of guys were sitting at a table talking and everyone else was laughing and having fun. "Svetlana come here! I need your opinion!" David laughed. "Oh god, what?" I asked walking over with Rose. "When it's your…time of the month," he started laughing, "do you, girls in general, have it out for us?" "Excuse me?" I laughed. "Like, make it difficult for us to please you." "What the hell kind of question is that?" I laughed. "I don't know," he laughed, "we were just talking and it came up." they all laughed. "I am not going to answer that." I chuckled. Rose and I sat in our seats and waited for our teacher. "God what do you think he will be wearing today?" "If we're lucky, nothing!" I winked. "Why is he so hot though, he's our teacher! If he wasn't my teacher though…" I shook my head and laughed at her. "Good morning everyone!" Mr. Senski said walking in. We always call him Mr. Sexy. I bit my lip an watched him walk in front of his desk, he saw me starring and smiled. I smiled and looked at Rose. She started laughing. "It's the last day, just relax. I will say that I am going to miss you all," he looked at Rose then at me, "in different ways." he smiled. He sat behind his desk and turned on the tv that hangs in the corner of the room. "My god that man up there!" I whispered to Rose. We turned so we were facing each other. "Ahhh." she moaned laughing. I laughed at her, we looked up and he was looking at us. We smiled and batted our eyes at him. He chuckled and looked down. "Gimmie a piece of gum." I told her, she got one for me and her. "Gimmie your wrapper." she handed it me, I smiled. I stood up, pulled my shirt down a little and stood tall. I walked down the aisle and past his desk. I put the wrappers in the garbage, turned around, blew a bubble with my gum, licked my lips and walked back to my seat. "Nice plan, he couldn't stop looking at you." Rose said laughing when I sat down. "Come here," she leaned in to my left, I went to her left ear and cupped my hand over my mouth and whispered in her ear. "I wonder if he's looking now." "You're stupid." she said to me. We pulled apart and looked at him, he was staring at us. He smiled and looked down at the papers on his desk. "So what are we gonna do for another hour and a half?" I asked. "Nothing. I'm glad they cut the day short and only made us go to 1st and 2nd period for two hours each, but come on!" she wined. We sighed and sat back in our seats. A half an hour passed and my back started to get stiff sitting in one spot, not moving. "Ugh, I need to stretch, I can sit in this seat anymore!" I said standing. I reached above my head and interlocked my fingers above my head leaning back and then to the sides. "You got another tattoo?" Mr. Senski asked. "What?" "On your hip." "Oh, oops I didn't know it was showing." "Your parents let you get three?" "Yeah." I smiled, "Rose and I got matching ones. Mine on my left hip hers on her right." she stood up and showed her tattoo. "Cool." he smiled. "I hope you guys stay friends for ever so you don't regret those." "Don't worry, we will." we smiled and hugged. She sat down and I walked up to his desk. "Hey can I have the remote?" "Uh, sure." he smiled and handed it to me. "Thanks." I took it and sat down and put my feet up on the desk part. I flipped through the channels trying to find something we all could agree on. "Go to MTV." Ben said. "Alright." I flipped to it and put the remote down. An hour later the bell rang and we got up to leave. "Uh Rose and Svetlana can I see you for a minute." "He want it!" David whispered to me and he walked by me to leave. "Shut up!" I laughed and hit him, he left left and we walked up to his desk. "Yeah?" she asked. "I just wanted to say a personal goodbye. You two girls have been in this class all year and it's been crazy!" we laughed. "You two have brought smiles to my face and cheered me up so many times. Don't become strangers! I will never forget you guys." "Aww." I smiled. "But um, now that I am no longer your teacher and you guys are 18 we can talk about anything." Rose and I looked at each other at the same time, confused, then back at him. "What I mean is if either of you ever need to talk, I'm here for you. I'll listen, my doors always open to you." "How sweet." rose said. "And thoughtful." I said with a smile. "Even if you're out of town, you can add me on face book now." "..Right." Rose said. "Well I won't hold you up any longer, I'll see you at the picnic." he stood up and gave Rose a hug, the opened his arms to me. I walked into him and hugged him, he smelled good. We smiled, said bye and walked out. "My god!" I said when we were down the hallway. "If he wasn't hot that would have been creepy!" "Uh, yeah!" we walked to our next class and sat in the back. David was in that class with us two, he sat at our table when he was us sit down. "I know what he wanted!" he sang. "Oh really?" I asked. "A-huh." "What?" "A three some, duh!" "What?" Rose laughed. "Come on look at you two, who wouldn't want to. And plus we all see the way you guys look at him, you practically invite him to bed with your eyes." he chuckled.I blushed and laughed a little. "Well that's not what he wanted." "Well…" Rose said. "Well nothing! He just said keep in touch." "Yeah…in touch ." he said. I shook my head and smiled at him. He got up and went back over to his friends. "Do you think…never mind." Rose said. "I know what you're thinking." I smiled. "If he were to ask, would you?" "Um…I, I don't know." "I might, depending." I laughed at her, she joined in laughing. At the end of that period we had a class meeting in the auditorium. The principals basically said how they were proud of us for sticking through it and committing to graduating. They dismissed us and said we have 15 minutes until the picnic starts. "Do you need to go home?" I asked her. "No I brought my stuff this morning, it's in your car." "Alright, let's go." "Hey wait! Sveta!" david called. "What?" I asked turning around. "Can I have a ride?" "Yeah, c'mon." "Thanks!" he smiled. When we got to the car he sat in the back middle seat on the edge so he was between the front two seats. "So when do you leave?" Rose asked me when I drove off. "Where ya goin?" David chimed in. "La Push, David. And uh next week." "Why are you