Disclaimer : I claim nothing, with exception of my OC Delhir. The rest rightfully belongs to Tolkien. Author's Note: Written for Teitho Contest "Walls" where it placed Second. Please enjoy. Reviews are very welcomed. The stone's cold edges pricked his ear as he pressed it against the wall. He strained to hear the frantic happenings in the healing ward. Anything to give him hope, or worse, confirm his fears. Yet, all he heard were a few indiscernible murmurs. The elf's heart sank. With a growl, he slammed his fist into the stone. Regal shoulders shook as silent sobs wracked his chest. He felt utterly helpless. His knees buckled, and the prince slumped against the wall. Legolas buried his golden head in his hands. A second later, he pulled them away as if they stung. Bleary eyes stared with revulsion at the crimson that still coated his hands. It made him want to gag. The blood only reminded him of the young life that was draining away on the other side of the wall, and how he had failed to stop it. The sun hung low in the afternoon sky. A youth whistled as he picked his way through the forest. His heavy hunting boots barely made a sound on the leaf strewn ground. He ended his tune when he entered a small camp. In the middle of the camp sat a simmering fire and an elf expertly carving steaks from a hunk of venison. "Those look good!" The young man commented, coming to a halt beside his blond companion. "Hannon le," Legolas paused and looked up at the towering youth above him. "Did you catch anything?" Broad shoulders shrugged. He held up his catch. "Only two conies," Elboron huffed. "Nothing compared to the buck I shot yesterday." The prince smiled at the glum face. "Never mind. I'm sure you'll shoot another one before our trip ends." He motioned to the basket beside him with his elbow. "Here, put them in here. We will clean them and have them tomorrow for our midday meal." Elboron nodded and placed the conies in the basket. He brushed a few stray strawberry blond locks from his face, and surveyed the large pieces of venison that Legolas cut. "When will they be ready?" "Not for another half hour." Legolas replied. A mischievous twinkle sparkled in his sapphire eyes, "That is, unless you would like to eat them raw?" The human made a face. "Ugh! No, no, I'm good. I'd rather eat Nana's cooking than eat those things raw." "Suit yourself," laughed the elf. Elboron shook his head in mock exasperation. "I'm going to go have a look around while the steaks cook," announced the youth as he tightened his quiver strap. Legolas sobered. Even though they had had peace for twenty years, the wilderness still posed its dangers in the forms of wild beasts and the occasional outlaws. "Do you want me to come with you?" "No, I can manage." "Are you sure?" Elboron rolled his eyes good naturedly. "Yes, Legolas. I'm not a child anymore. I can handle it." The prince sighed. Elboron was right. He was seventeen, almost a man by human standards. Legolas couldn't coddle him forever. "Very well." "Don't worry," the youth chuckled, "I'll be fine." "You better be!" responded the elf. "I promised your parents I'd bring you back without a scratch." The youth scowled, "Again, I'm not a child!" "You're considered an infant by elven standards." "Valar, not this argument again," Elboron groaned. "I'm leaving now." He crossed over to his bed roll where his sheathed sword lay. Picking it up, the young man bounded into the woods. "Call for me if you require assistance!" Legolas yelled after the fleeting figure. Elboron waved his hand in acknowledgement and disappeared into the forest. The elf watched him a with a sigh. "Humans. Why do they grow up so fast?" Elboron threaded between the trees. The weeds and brush swept against his legs, but not hard enough to snag on the green ranger cloak he wore. He clasped his bow firmly, ready to use it at a moment's notice. Grey eyes scanned the landscape for anything out of the ordinary. The youth kept his ears attuned to sounds around him. Yet, to his satisfaction there were no signs of danger. A creek bubbled happily up ahead. Exiting the tree line, the human ambled over to the sandy bank and knelt down. The water glistened in the sunlight. It looked cool and inviting, and he realized his throat was parched. Thick hands dipped into the flowing water. Cupping them, he brought them to his lips and drank deeply. He sighed contently, "That's good." Suddenly, a shrill scream split the air. Elboron's head shot up. The large brush across the creek rustled as someone made their way through them. In an instant, the youth was on his feet with an arrow fitted to his bow. He zeroed in on the moving bushes in front of him. To his shock, a small girl ran out of them. The brown haired girl looked no older than seven. She was dirty, her dress was ripped, and tears ran down her cheeks. Terror dominated her countenance. Chocolate brown eyes widened into saucers when she spotted Elboron. She opened her mouth to let out another scream. Elboron quickly lowered his weapon and held out a pacifying hand. "Wait! Shhh...it's all right. I'm not going to hurt you. I swear," he soothed. The girl stood still, trembling. Fear shone in her eyes. The youth splashed across the stream as non-threateningly as possible. "Hey there. It's all right," Elboron crooned, approaching her. "I'm a friend. I mean you no harm." He reached out to comfort her, but she flinched away from his touch. "Oh, I'm sorry," the young man stammered. He withdrew his outstretched hand. "There, there, I won't touch you then." Elboron bent down, concerned etched deeply on his brow. "Can you tell me what's wrong, little one? Why were you running?" The small girl's lip quivered and she eyed him with distrust. It speared the youth's heart. He murmured, "It's okay. You can trust me. I'm here to help you." The child's breathing started to hitch and fresh tears glistened in her eyes. "Th...the bad...men," she wailed, "they...they...they took me...from my...home. I...I got...got away...but...they're chasing me!" A flood of emotions swept over Elboron like a tidal wave. The anguish he felt ignited into fiery anger. How dare those animals do such a thing to a little girl! At the same time, his training and instincts screamed at him the seriousness of their predicament. Whoever was chasing this girl couldn't be far behind. They needed to get out of here before her captors found them. Before he could make a move, his worse fears were realized. The close snapping of twigs and thundering boots signaled the imminent arrival of several men. They were out of time. Elboron had just seconds to act before the men would be upon them. He hastily ripped the horn he wore from his belt. It was the Horn of Gondor. King Elessar had had a new one made years ago and presented to his father, who had given it to him. Elboron handed it to the girl. "Blow this with all your strength, little one. It will bring aid," the youth gasped as he shoved her protectively behind his back. He nocked an arrow and raised his weapon at the same time eight armed men burst forth from the tree line. "What do we have here?" sneered the leader of the group. He was a grizzled, brutish man with oily hair. A short sword gleamed in his hand. Before the youth could answer, the Horn of Gondor sounded behind him as the girl blew it weakly. Elboron tried not to cringe at the faint call that resounded into the woods. He could only pray Legolas' elven ears would hear it. Undeterred, the leader took a step towards the young man and child. Elboron pulled his bowstring tighter, and barked, "Stay back!" The brigands snickered at the youth's audacity. The leader smiled, "I'm afraid I can't do that, boy. You see, you have something of ours." Grey orbs saw red. "She belongs to no one, least of all you!" he growled. "And you'll have to drain every drop of blood from my body before I let you take her!" "That can be arranged," the leader replied with a slight nod of his head. Suddenly, Elboron's upper chest exploded in hot, white pain as an arrow slammed into it. He cried out and the girl screamed. The youth resisted the urge to collapse. He was the only thing standing between the girl and these monsters, he had to fight. Staring beyond the stars that danced before his eyes, Elboron located the enemy archer and fired his own shot. The arrow flew true. The kidnappers watched their comrade's body fall to the ground. Steely faces turned on him, and the two men closest to him converged on the young warrior. Elboron whipped out his sword. He brought it up and blocked the first man's blow with a "clang." Using his bow, Elboron swept the second assailant's feet out from under him. The two blades parted and met again. The young man parried. He followed it up with stab. Elboron's steel bit deeply into his foe's unprotected abdomen. Yanking the sword free, it clashed with the second assailant's knife. The weapons locked until a hard, quick flick of his wrist sent the knife sailing through the air. As Elboron moved to deliver a fatal blow, a yell from the left caught his attention. The youth caught the deadly blow with his bow. It snapped under the force, and the enemy's blade cut deeply into his arm. A scream clawed at his throat, but he swallowed it. Kicking out, his heavy boot fractured the enemy's knee cap. Elboron returned his attention back to the disarmed man just in time to receive an iron fist in the face. He refused to stumble back from the blow, and remained in place. He had to stay between them and the child. Swinging his sword, it slashed across the man's chest. The man fell to reveal a companion's sword headed straight for his strawberry blond head. Elboron brought his sword back around and deflected it. Searing agony vibrated up and down his leg as the foe on the ground embedded his steel deep into the young warrior's thigh. Bile rose in his throat. With a half cry, half yell, he grabbed an arrow from his quiver and stabbed the blade's owner. His right hand thrust the sword into the other man. Elboron gritted his teeth and blinked away the haze. He uttered a war cry and parried the next sword that came at him. A quick series of moves left the brigand dead at his feet. Two more , he thought, lifting his blade. It rang against his opponent's. They separated and clashed again. Elboron stabbed at the man, but he avoided it. The outlaw struck back. Afraid the sword would strike the little one behind him, Elboron resisted the urge to dodge the blow. It cost him. The blade clipped his side, but it left the man open. The youth swung his sword and beheaded his enemy. One more. His broad chest heaved painfully, while he glanced around for the leader. The growing dark patches in his eyes made it difficult to see anything more than a few feet away. He heard the tightening of a bowstring nearby. "Legolas." The elf would finish the job. But it was not Legolas. Elboron gasped as an arrow struck him in the chest, just below the first one. The shocked youth turned his head in the direction the projectile originated from and barely made out the leader. He had picked up his fallen comrade's bow and was loading another arrow. Elboron tried to raise his