Summary: A young woman from our world navigates through the tale that is Middle-earth, unsuspecting that her presence—like an accidental blot on the page—is demanding the course of its history to be rewritten. Mostly AU. Disclaimer: I do not own any material pertaining to The Lord of the Rings or The Hobbit. Warnings: I will admit three things, here and now, to spare you the effort of flaming and confusion; 1) This fanfic is intended to diverge greatly from canon at a certain point, thus making it alternative plotline if not alternative universe. You will also likely see me switching between the movie and book in the use of timeline/events/character roles as well. My intention is not to butcher J.R.R. Tolkien's work, but to give you fanfic readers something slightly different to read about. 2) I am not wise in the lore and history of the LotR universe (never read the books) but...just...not completely clueless. That being said, I am also not a writer who likes to explain how things were implicated in my fanfic. So, if you know, you know. If you don't know, just accept it as it is—most likely it was meant to be a mystery for the main character anyway. If you think I'm dreadfully wrong, then tell me. If you want to warn or inform me further, tell me. I will not disrespect those who are more devoted and more knowledgeable than myself. 3) When I write fanfics for other people's works, I feel especially inclined to try to love all their characters. This may result in canon side characters seemingly warm up to the main character quicker than would be realistic. Again, it is not my intention to butcher their characterization: I do because it gives me more freedom to explore given the restraints of a fanfic. I apologize if any of the above offends you in my writing, however it is the way I choose to write and I ask your patience. Myjusta, Witch Maiden Chapter 1 - "Fool for a Day" "My," she breathed softly, "would you look at this." Trembling fingers lightly traced the surface of the wall mural. The angelic Elven warrior remained unfazed by her touch, his entire focus trained upon his demonic foe. Elven artists truly must be without peer. She even had to feel the flat surface to confirm that the images were indeed still and lifeless, on contrary to how they appear. Suppose if one had an eternity to devote to one craft, results like these could only be expected. She was rather envious. Upon noticing the sword on display next to her, she was, well, explicably drawn to it. It couldn't be helped that she would not get the chance to see many in her lifetime. An Elven sword, perhaps? There were intricate gold patterns damascened onto the blade. Maybe...maybe no one would be offended if she held it for just a bit? Her hesitation was only momentary. Hand gingerly wrapped around the cool hilt. She squeezed one eye shut, half expecting to be struck by a punitive bolt of lightning. ..But, of course, nothing of the sort humoured her. She let out her breath. "Light," she murmured. It was light: This sword she held in her hands. Nearly, if not as light as the long knife Boromir insisted to be her weapon of choice. The young woman raised the sword upright, and then noticed with sudden clarity that the Elven hero in the mural before her wielded this very same sword that was in her grasp. Who was he? An Elven king of old? A warrior of some renown? A noteworthy figure, for sure, if he had a memorial for himself. All she knew was that it probably wouldn't be respectful of her to be waving around his possession any more than she had. Inconspicuously—as inconspicuously as she could—she replaced the sword with bated breath. There. Nobody saw that. With that thought she twirled around and her gaze met up with a pair of light grey eyes. She could've screamed if it weren't for the feeling that her heart had just lurched up and lodged itself in her throat. "I-" out came her choked response "-With Boromir. I wait here. Um." Her frenzied hand gestures seemed ridiculous even to her, but she couldn't help it. Had he understood? Had she made herself more suspicious? Those grey eyes sparkled, and a rich deep laugh poured from his very being. At the sound her heart did another furious lurch inside her chest, though for a very different reason. If she had the fortune of hearing laughter so enchanting and sublime for the remainder of her life, she was certain to never feel the cruel bite of cold again. "There is no cause for fret, my lady," the gorgeous Elven male spoke, and his voice was like music; his accent, magic. "Well acquainted am I with the language of Westron." She was an idiot. Then, robbing her of the time to mentally berate herself, the Elf bent gracefully in a bow; his glorious tresses of pure gold flowing over his white robe. "I am Glorfindel, at your service," the angelic being introduced himself as. "Glor...findel." She tasted the pronunciation on her tongue. Somehow it didn't sound the same when she said it. His light grey eyes—eyes that sparkled with so much joy she couldn't help but liken them to diamonds—they peered up patiently, and she arrived at the realization that there was a certain response he was expecting. "Ah!" How could she have missed something so obvious? "You...You are the one in this painting," she remarked in awe. Just for courtesy's sake she threw in a little extra reverence to go with that statement. The arch on his refined brows twitched almost imperceptibly, and a corner of his lips tugged up. "Your keen perception is to be commended, my lady." Though his body language belied anything but serenity, his youthful eyes were chuckling. "Have I not the honour of also learning your name?" Instantly she realized that—far from expecting her to recognize him—he had been waiting for her to give her name. Her cheeks burned with the misunderstanding. She really was an incorrigible idiot. "My-Myjusta." It was brief and simple: Her response. What was the use of trying to appear graceful any longer? "My name." "An unique name, I daresay it is like no other." The Elven male extended a hand with what might've been a mischievous smile. An unique name. She would've thought so, herself. The young woman took his hand with an ironic smile in return. 'The title 'Witch Maiden' suits you not? Then are you wonted to some fouler form of address for your name?' 'My-...just a minute!' she had been about to demand, except her voice had choked up her in her indignity, and her broken response had been taken quite literally. 'Myjusta', she was now known as. How stupid. How ironic. He had taken her hand into his warm grasp, and raised it to his lips. While she had expected him to brush his lips against her knuckles as was the knightly way of greeting a lady in this world, she hadn't expected him to upturn her hand to lay one at the base of her palm. She wrenched her hand back with violent force, heart screaming inside her ears. What was that! That had been too close, too exceedingly close, she thought desperately. Her hand encircled the bandage on her right wrist protectively, and a shudder shook through her. It was almost as if he had known about it. "Was there a reason you sought me, Lord Elf?" she asked in a low voice robbed of strength. Painfully was she aware that she was rude with her accusation and her actions just now. She simply didn't have the heart to make amends. If he had felt any bit of offense at her reaction, it did not reveal itself on his fair features. He informed her courteously, "Lord Elrond bids you to see him, now." "Right." Though, looking past him down the bright, cloistered hallways, she didn't know where she was supposed to be going. Aware of her dilemma, the tall and golden-haired Elf extended a kind arm in offering whereas others may have been afraid, or indignant, after such a rejection. Truly a gentleman among gentlemen. Or was that gentle elf? She accepted it wordlessly. "This is where we part, my lady." All too soon, they have arrived before a very formal, very solemn set of double doors. "Lord Elrond awaits." Could it be said that she was experiencing a dread akin to waiting trial? She turned to glance up at him for the first time since they have embarked on that wordless yet strangely comforting walk. "Thank you," she said in whisper. He nodded in acknowledgement, magnificent golden hair rustling. And to her surprise he once again took her right hand into his and pulled it towards him. Hadn't he learned from the first incident? She thought that with dread. But, the Elven male did not attempt. His flawless fingers cradled against hers, briefly pausing on the metal bands she wore on each finger. "Fear not, my lady: you are in good hands." The way his grey eyes sparkled warmly down at her, she almost believed it. "Until I have the pleasure to meet again," he said, releasing her hand. He bowed with the elegant dignity borne by kings. "And I should hope that one day you will honour me with the divulgement of your true name." It was a knowing smile that shaped his lips before he left her. Honestly, these Elves were... What was the point of sending someone like him to fetch her anyway? She shook her head and faced the doors. She sincerely doubted she would meet someone of his caliber a second time. Her knuckles barely made sound against the tough wood. She frowned to herself and was about to reattempt, but a voice from within commanded, "Enter." Alright. No use postponing the inevitable. Even if she was about to meet the one who would decide her fate. In this world or other. The doors pulled open to reveal a brightly lit room. Soft white curtains flowed vibrantly in the breeze coming from the large arched windows. She instantly spotted the tall form of Boromir by one of them, gazing out with his hands held behind his back. "This is the one you spoke of, Boromir of Gondor?" At the mention of his name, the Gondorian captain glanced back over his shoulder at her. A curt nod. "Come here, Child." She obeyed. Why, she couldn't even have thought of doing otherwise. What a commanding presence this man—no, Elf—embodied. His robes hung rich and regal off his powerful frame, and the silver diadem encircling his head marked his lordship over the Elves. On his extended hand was compassion; and deep wisdom on his brow. She wouldn't have doubted that his was a presence even his worst of enemies would have respected. He took her hand into both his own. At once something in his stern but serene expression changed. "Recount to me once more," the dark-haired Elven lord requested with a brief glance at Boromir, "how she came into your companionship." The Elven lord's intense gaze came back to her, but she herself looked to Boromir feeling a bit uncomfortable with the attention. The Gondorian man took a swig from the chalice in his hand, wiping his chin with his sleeve before answering, "Dungeons of Osgiliath." He set the chalice back down on the small table next to him. A glass wine jar that was half-empty stood upon it. So he'd been drinking. "Inside its sturdy walls was the last stand made by the Orcs, after our forces captured the gates. They were trying to escape, and she one of them: in their pathetic state of defeat they called to her in desperation, 'save us, Witch