A/N: WARNING. BIG WARNING. READ THIS A/N AND I'LL EXPLAIN. First off, this will have mentions on a miscarage. I refuse to write anything more than T, and I don't see a point in putting this in M rating if it isn't, well, perverted. It talks about having a baby, okay? Nothing much about making the baby. So please, don't get your arrows in a wad. (See what I did there?) Anywho, this will be sad. VERY SAD. So if you can't handle the mentions of a miscarage, DO NOT READ THIS. I REPEAT; IF YOU CAN'T HADLE THE MENTIONS OF A MISCARAGE, DO NOT READ. Okeydokey folks, now to my personal chiz. Hello, to all who may be reading. I am LiveInTheMusic. This is my 3ed fanfic, my 1st one shot, and it will be my 1st completed. YAY!(: This has NOTHING to do with my other 2 stories, I repeat, NOTHINGGGGG! So don't expect it to have the same plot-line, because you'd have a big bucket of Oh-Hell-Nah. BUT, if you haven't read my other 2 stories, I strongly recommend to.(: They aren't as sad as this will be. This story mentions that this is set 5 years after the war. This story was inspired by the songs Small Bump by Ed Sheeran, and Ronan by Taylor Swift. I DO NOT OWN THE SONG SMALL BUMP OR RONAN, OR THE HUNGER GAMES. That is owned by the lovely Suzanne Collins, the amazing Taylor Swift, and the freaking brilliant Ginger Jesus. If you don't know who he is, you are living under a rock. My stories shall save you. If you for some reason do not like my Ginger Jesus, you are lying to yourself. Kidding, have your own opinion. I don't care.(: Fav it, Alert it, Like it, but whatever you do, REVIEW!(: I bite my lip as I peer down at the test. It can't be right. It just, it can't be. I let my head fall into my hands, my elbows digging into my knees. How could have this happened? I mean, we were so careful... I feel my skin burn where the test makes contact with it. Just a reminder that I never wanted kids. But, Peeta did...I know he did. Every time we pass by a group of kids, he will get that longing look in his eyes. He tries to tell me I will be a great mother, but I am never so sure. "Katniss? Katniss, are you all right, love?" Even in the situation I am in, I still can't help but smile. I adore it when he calls me "love," "sweetie," "Kat"; anything he can think of. If it were anyone else, I would shoot one of my arrows right through their vital organs. But, Peeta...Peeta is different. He loves me, unconditionally. Even when I am a total bitch to him, he still loves me. I guess that's why the first time he ever called me anything other than my name, I kissed him—in the middle of him talking—and he was shocked, but very, very, delighted. From then on, he rarely ever uses my name (only when he was being 100% serious); he just calls me by the sweet nicknames that he can say so easily. I open the door to the bathroom and see Peeta's very worried face. I don't blame him for being scared or worried. When I had gotten home from the hospital with the test, I ran straight up to our bathroom, ignored his questioning from his art room down the hall, and closed and locked the door. I stayed like that for the whole test, while Peeta stood outside the door, waiting for me. He hasn't even the slightest clue of what was going on. "Peeta..." I stare up into his bright blue eyes. They are gorgeous, even if they are filled with worry. His lips are parted slightly, his eyebrows dipping ever so slightly, just like they always do when he is confused. I take a step forward and wrap my arms around his waist. He accepts my embrace without hesitation, but I can feel his slight quickening in heartbeat. It is just so adorable how concerned he is over me. "Katniss..." "Hush," I say, pulling away slightly. I look up into his eyes again, and somehow muster up enough courage to say, "Peeta, I'm pregnant." I watch as Peeta's eyes switch from worry, to confusion, to happiness all in a matter of seconds. "What?" "I'm pregnant, Peeta." His smile grows quickly, and before he even responds, he kisses me hard, wrapping his strong arms tightly around my waist. He picks me up and spins me in circles. I pull away from the kiss and laugh. Peeta sets me onto the ground then kisses me again. "Katniss! A baby! We're having a baby! Ours! A baby all ours!" His smile is enough to make the room seem even brighter. He smiles so hard; little dimples begin to form in his cheeks. I giggle and kiss him, just to get him to stop smiling, but even while I kiss him I can feel his smile. "Oh, Kat. I can't wait! I'll have to paint the nursery! And we'll have to get a bed, and clothes, and food, and dippers, and-" "Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down there, cowboy. The baby is still just a fertilized egg. For the test to work, I have to be at least two weeks in. So that means-" "Cowboy? Oh, and eight months and 2-3 weeks until we have our baby." Peeta finishes for me, still smiling. I smile back at him, just as bright. I thought being a mother was going to be horrible, I never wanted to bring a child into this world, into the terror I had to live, but now that the war was five years behind us, now that I have Peeta. It all didn't seem so bad anymore. Just seeing Peeta so happy about having a baby with me... It makes me happy, too. I kiss his cheek lightly, "C'mon, Peeta. Let's go tell Haymitch we're having a baby." He smiles and happily follows me out of the room, "So, I'm a cowboy now?" 2 Months into the Pregnancy I smile as Peeta drags his nose gently across my abdomen. With his legs straddling my hips, and his hands resting next to my stomach, I can't move, even if I want to. He leaves a small trail of kisses across my bare, small baby bump, murmuring his love for me while doing it. I am exhausted from a long day of hunting, and I insist that we get some rest, but Peeta wants to see the baby, not literally see it, but he wants to look at my small bump. He loves doing this, and he does it every night before we sleep. He will lift my shirt up, just enough to see my stomach completely, and then he will run his calloused fingers across the area, leaving kisses wherever he can. He loves this baby so much already, and it is only two months into my pregnancy. Peeta had begun to work on the nursery before the first month was even over. We don't know what the gender is, but Peeta insists it will be a baby girl. He says he has a feeling it was, and I trust him. He painted the room a bright pink color. The room is almost completely finished, now. Peeta has taken off from work a few days every week, and the days he does work he will come home early. He wants to finish the nursery, and he is worried about me. I tell him not to, but he does anyways, because that's what Peeta does; he looks after me. I still go hunting every day. It is starting to become a bit of a challenge with my growing bump, but I don't let that stop me. I like the feel of the sun on my shoulders, the wind on my face, and not to mention the smell of the pine trees. I do take it easy when I am out in the woods, most of the time. I'm not going to let a small setback like being pregnant affect my hunting. I hike the long trek out to the lake every day, and then I admire its beauty and wonder how Peeta is able to capture the gloriousness of it all in his paintings he makes after only being out here twice. He is amazing, really, in just everything he does. He cares for me so much, and I just know that he cares for this baby just as much as he cares for me. Peeta insists we choose a name now, that way we won't be rushed in the later months. LillyAnn, if it was a girl, and Damian, if it was a boy. Peeta has his heart set on that little girl, though. He told me this one night, not too long ago, while he was watching me try to rest. He said, "I will love the baby no matter what it is, but I want a girl, Katniss. I want a beautiful little girl, who will be just like her mother, with those grey eyes I love, but with my hair." I smiled when he said this, but told him I wanted a boy. A little boy that I could teach to hunt like his mother, but still had the kindness and grace of his father's heart. Peeta smiled, like he always did. "I'll hold your body in my hands, be as gentle as I can, and now you're a scan on my unmade plans." I smile as Peeta begins to softly sing to the baby. I rarely tell him, but his voice is like honey in my ears. It's strong, yet so gentle. It's deep, but still has that boyish quality that only Peeta can have. His singing voice makes me melt. "I'll whisper quietly; I'll give you nothing but truth. If you're not inside me, I'll put my future in you." I feel the warmth of his breath tickling my skin, his nose dragging while his voice rings out. Warmth washes over my body, like it always does when he sings to the baby, and I smile. I figure this is the tiny baby responding to its father's voice. When I went in for my first check-up, the baby was so tiny, with only a form and no features. The doctor said that I was still too early in the stages of pregnancy to see anything yet, but I was still so excited. Peeta had to leave the room because of the happy tears that clouded his eyes. "You are my one, and only. You can wrap your fingers around my thumb, and hold me tight. Oh you are my one, and only. You can wrap your fingers around my thumb, and hold me tight, and you'll be all right." I smile as my hands find Peeta's hair. He stops singing and looks up at me, a smile gracing his lips. His eyes shine as he moves up my body, stopping when his head is hovering over my own. "I love you, Katniss Everdeen." I close my eyes and smile. "Say it again, Peeta. Tell me you love me." "I love you, Katniss. I love you to the moon and back again. I love you as wide as the ocean and as deep as the sky. I love you, I love you so much." I pull his head down gently, kissing him tenderly. He doesn't hesitate in kissing me back, his right hand still resting on my stomach. "I love you, too, Peeta Mellark." "Marry me, Katniss." I pull away and search his eyes. He wants this. He wants me, the baby, marriage; he wants it all. The hope and pure love in his eyes are undeniable. He doesn't just want this,