Rating: K for angst and some injuries. Summary: Legolas develops a new hobby—one that has his Ada deciding to play 'spy' on his own son. Written for the October Teitho prompt. Author's Note: I don't own any of the characters. They belong solely to Tolkien. Constructive criticism and reviews are appreciated, as I am always striving to improve my writing. Please no flamers. Life is too short for such things. :) A Harmless Hobby The young child stood carefully at the edge of the rushing water, skipping small stones into the midst of the tumbling rocks and limbs and watching as they were carried along in the current, clacking against the larger stepping stones that had somehow managed to survive the intense storm of the evening before. The child was not in the best of moods, for his father had not allowed him to watch the beauty of the lightning and thunder, or to feel the wind brush against his face and blow through his long, blonde hair. He loved storms but, knowing his passion for all things concerning nature, his father feared he would wander too far and receive some injury from the onslaught of the flying debris that seemed ever-present, and thus forbade him from even watching from a window or passageway, afraid that the lull of the storm would prove too strong for his little child of nature. It just simply wasn't fair! He did not wish to wait until he was fully grown to experience the wonders of nature, although, as he looked out over the swollen river, even he had to admit that this storm had been particularly bad. He sighed in frustration, picking up a larger rock and flinging it angrily into the muddy depths, feeling a morose sense of satisfaction when it struck with a resounding clatter against a large copse of rocks backed up against one of the stepping stones. He had turned to make his way back to the caverns when a loud screeching sound pierced his ears. He winced and clapped his small hands up to cover his sensitive ears, turning back at once to the river where the sound seemed to have come from. He could not quite make out the noise, for he had never heard anything like it before. If not for the guttural, grating harshness of the tone, it might have sounded somewhat like the piercing wail of a baby animal. He searched with keen eyes all around the edge of the river and even in the midst of the waters, but could find no source of the noise. It continued to bounce off the small clearing near the river's edge, however, and the child began to grow more desperate to discover the source before his ears permanently forgot their ability to hear. Trying to pinpoint the exact location of the sound, the young blonde child's eyes finally lit on the large copse of rocks that were jammed in the middle of the river, causing some of the water to back up higher along the river's edge. He drew a little closer to the edge of the water, trying to ignore the persistent echoing of his father's earlier words that had warned him from getting too close to the rushing waters. He simply must find out what the noise was, though! Suddenly, his eyes grew round with surprise and, throwing all caution to the wind, he plunged into the swirling waters at the edge. It was a bedraggled and very soaked young one that crept slowly back to his home, his cape rolled up in his arms in a rather large and awkward bundle—one that seemed too heavy for a youth of his size to manage safely. Though Legolas knew many ways into his chambers, he knew he would need to use additional caution this time. If his Ada saw him come back in this state, he would never be allowed to leave the stronghold again–at least until his years of youth had passed him by and all thoughts of fun had fled from his mind. His Ada would be expecting him to show up promptly for dinner, and he would barely have enough time to get cleaned up and changed in time now; not to mention the fact that he must somehow deal with his hidden package before anyone could see it. It was later in the evening—several hours after dinner—that found a tall, regal figure pacing restlessly in front of the balcony window in his personal chambers. The figure's long, blonde hair swayed gently in the now-gentled breeze, the smell of a freshly washed world sending a soft caress through his lithe figure and soothing his anxious visage ever so slightly. He had finally dealt with all the immediate concerns from the aftermath of the violent storm last night, but another matter was pressing heavily on the wise king's mind, that of his young son. Thranduil, the great Elvenking of Mirkwood, could manage an entire realm with just a careless wave of his hand, but his little elfling was quite a different story. Not that he could fault the child. With both Sindarin and Silvan blood in his royal veins, the child could hardly help the constant pull from all things pertaining to nature. It was just so…so…maddening sometimes! He knew his little elf had somehow managed to commit some form of mischief earlier that day, despite his warnings to the contrary, and he much suspected a newly acquired addition to the royal family in some manner or other—though he knew not what else could possibly be left to acquire. After an entire selection of raccoons, possums, fowl of every kind, otters, mink, foxes, wolves, deer, and even the odd lion cub or two, Thranduil had thought his son had exhausted his possibilities for newly acquired pets. 'No More Pets!' had become the poor, overworked king's favorite saying of late, and he used every possible opportunity to remind his little son of this fact. Dinner had been an 'interesting' affair that night, to say the least. Not that his little son had been anything other than an impeccably well-behaved prince; on the contrary, he had exhibited a little 'too' perfect of manners, the kind that would tell any wise elf father that he should retire to his chambers and hide under his bedcovers for the next century, for his child absolutely had something up his sleeve… There was also the fact that the young elfling had sported a rather large bruise on the side of his face that extended from right under his left eye nearly to his chin. When Thranduil had asked about the bruise, Legolas had casually brushed it off, claiming that he tripped and fell on his way back from the training grounds earlier that day due to some large branches still obscuring the pathway. Sensing the child's obviously quelled anxiety over his father's questions, the wise elf king had allowed the matter to rest. He did not believe it for an instant, though, and he would be a fool to think otherwise! Legolas was up to something… There was no doubt about it… And his curiosity had only grown when the child had requested in a perfectly polite tone of voice to leave the table early, pleading tiredness, then proceeded to walk ever so slowly—with a decided limp that was stiffly hidden—out of the Dining Hall. Having fulfilled his kingly duties for the evening, the father now had time to take precedence as the elder elf tried to come to some sort of conclusion as to what his child was up to. 'What animal could possibly leave such injuries as a large bruise like that?' he wondered as he grasped the edge of the railing and peered out into the starless night, the clouds still lingering heavily in the night sky and obscuring the peaceful jewels of nature. 'And one that might also have the ability to injure a leg as well…?' Thranduil had seen many millennia come and go. He had fought in countless battles…orchestrated many councils of the world's highest and elite rulers…seen many loved ones fade from the shadow... The horrors he had seen were enough to give one countless nightmares on end, and the guilt he felt at every pure elven life lost to the shadow would weigh on his shoulders for eternity. One would think he had seen everything there was to see in Arda now, yet he could not for the life of him figure out what manner of creature his son had caught this time… There was only one thing to do; Thranduil, the great elven king of the wood elves, both Sindarin and Silvan alike, must lower himself to the role of spy and discover this mystery for himself! A sly smile on his handsome face and a spark of excitement shining in eyes as blue as the sea, the great elven lord finally found rest that night after forming a plan to best his small elfling. After all, 'No Pets' meant 'No Pets!' The first thing on the agenda would be to wish his son a proper good night, including the offering of a bedtime story and, of course, the typical embrace. His elfling had reached an age where he insisted he no longer needed to be 'tucked into bed,' so it had become the norm for Thranduil to sometimes merely wish him a good night at the evening's dinner table, especially when visitors or trade negotiators were in attendance as they had been this evening. His elfling might possibly be a tad bit suspicious when his father arrived to wish him good night out of the blue, but he could always claim the yearning to spend a few more moments with him. All elflings knew that parents could get 'clingy' sometimes. It was with this thought in mind that the rather sneaky king found himself at his elfling's chamber door a scant few minutes later, raising one fist quickly to knock on the large, wooden entrance, then without allowing a single second to pass, proceeded to turn the doorknob and enter hastily into the darkened room, closing the door with a creak behind him. A loud thump resonated from the bed chambers beyond, a quick scuffling noise literally flew across the floor, then silence… Curiosity aroused even more, Thranduil proceeded without preamble into the bed chambers, not bothering to shut the door behind him. Looking around with keenly assessing eyes, the wise father hid a smile at the sight of his little elfling lying abed under hastily strewn covers, making it obvious to his expert eyes that the child had been doing anything but lying abed before he so swiftly entered the room. Hands clasped casually behind his back, Thranduil strolled forward more leisurely than he had entered the room, taking time to carefully assess each and every corner of the large room out of the corner of his eye as he attempted to merely be making his way towards the bed in front of him. A ruffled blonde head turned towards him, eyes blinking in what the elfling thought would be a sleepy manner. "Ada? What brings you here?" Thranduil pursed his lips to hide another smile at the wide-eyed blue eyes. "I wanted to give you a proper goodnight this eve, ion nin. I found myself missing our old bedtime routines." Legolas' eyes opened just a tiny bit more as he began to chew on his lower lip pensively. Thranduil caught the flicker of doubt in the beautiful eyes as several thoughts appeared to run through the little mind. Whatever the child might be thinking, however, was cast aside in his obvious delight at spending time with his father. A genuine smile of welcome flashed across the still-bruised face (Thranduil frowned inwardly at the sight) and Legolas raised up thin arms for an embrace—a request that his father immediately complied with by sitting down on the sheets and