Written for the Teitho March contest. (Didn't place, but it was fun to write.) As I am working hard to improve my writing, any suggestions/comments/tips are greatly appreciated! Please review! Dear Ada Dear Ada, I am sorry I have been such a bad elfling. I do not understand why I am so bad. I try really hard to be a good elfling. I don't like to make you sad or mad, and I'm sorry I made you so mad that you had to hit me. I don't know how to be the good elfling you need me to be, cause I try to do everything right and I am still bad. I have decided that it would be better for you if I leave. That way you won't have to get sad and upset anymore, cause I won't be there to be bad all the time. I wish I could be a good elfling. I'm sorry I disapointed you, and I will miss you very much. I love you Ada. I hope you can be happy now. Love, Legolas Thranduil crushed the childishly-scrawled note into a tight ball, the knuckles of his hands so tight that they matched the white of the paper. Standing there in his child's room where he had found the paper lying on the bedtable, his arms hung loosely against his stiffened body and his head bowed in a mixture of indeterminate rage and anguish, long, blonde hair swinging forward to cover his high cheekbones and adeptly hiding a lone tear that escaped from the grim face. 'What have I done?' thought the king, guilt shining in the blue eyes as he raised his head finally and let his gaze brush over the familiarity of his child's room. So many memories lay in this room—some good, some sad, and a few filled with much anger of late, too much anger. Mostly they were memories filled with laughter and love, though. The bright smile of a beautiful little face and the tinkling laughter of a beautifully-spirited elfling child had rung out numerous times in the large chamber, filling Thranduil's otherwise heavily-laden days with a spark of brightness and joy—joy that was now missing in a huge way, leaving a giant hole in the icy king's heart. Thranduil was a good king, well-loved among the inhabitants of Mirkwood. The recent untimely demise of his beloved lady wife, however, had torn his soul asunder, leaving his very being ensconced in a firm façade of ice that enabled him to get through each day without showing his grief to any others. It was his deeply-rooted belief that it was this icy façade that kept his people safe, both from having to endure the sadness of seeing him in a state of grief and from the risk of having them meet his anger. It had been nearly impossible for the unhappy king to maintain control over this façade in front of his little son, however, for the child's resemblance to Thranduil's dead wife was uncanny and caused a shooting pain to spread through his fading body each time he laid eyes on the beautiful child. Thus, the times that had once been so special to both of them, were now simply a reminder of his loss—a reminder that he could not bear. It was this that had made Thranduil show too much anger towards the child of late. He had begun to punish the little elfling over every tiny infraction, even those that the child did not purposely do or did not understand how to change. He had noticed a subtle shift in the elfling's behavior these past few weeks, but no matter what he noticed, he did not seem to be able to help himself when he was around the tiny elfling. Yesterday, after a long and stressful day of difficult trade negotiations and constant reminders about his lady wife's death by the visiting men, the overly-tired king had finally taken his anger a step too far, swatting his tiny child on the seat when he accidentally spilled his drink in Thranduil's office. Legolas had looked up at him with so much hurt and shock in his huge, blue eyes that the king had been forced to turn away from the child, waving a shaking hand dismissively and clutching the edge of his desk in an attempt to control his anger as he heard soft, swift little footsteps run out of the room, a tiny sob lingering in the cool breeze coming in from the window as the door clicked shut behind the hasty retreat of a forlorn and miserable elfling. Thranduil had realized instantly that he had crossed the line, for elves did not hit their children—ever. It just simply wasn't done. Little elflings were too pure and sensitive to endure a loved one—and a parent at that—hitting them. It tore apart the bond they shared with a parent, and was rumored to send them into a grief akin to fading. Thranduil, too afraid to confront the elfling and apologize because he did not want the reminder of his beloved wife staring him in the face, told himself instead that it was just a tiny swat, not hard enough to do any real damage to the child's fea. He convinced himself that Legolas knew he had been bad, and that he would accept the punishment as such. He spent many hours in a restless tossing and turning on his bed that night convincing himself of that fact—many hours in which a lonely and scared elfling pondered his regrettable fate and wondered how often his Ada would hit him now that he had started this as a punishment. Before the sun rose, Thranduil was already awake and getting hastily dressed from the measly minutes of restless sleep he'd managed to grab. He had a little elfling to make amends with this morning, he'd decided, and he wanted to be prepared early so that he could spend a few moments with his son before being called to council meetings. The tired father was unable to get the sight of those sad, anguished blue eyes out of his mind, and he knew he must overcome his grief long enough to speak with his son and make sure he was all right. After dressing, he slipped silently out of his room and across the hall to his child's chambers, cracking open the door and easing his way inside as quietly as possible. It was early still, and he did not wish to wake Legolas quite yet, merely be ready to talk to him when he did awake. Treading softly through the sitting area that was surprisingly bereft of any toys, he went through the door into the sleeping area and walked over to the large bed that belonged to his elfling. Thranduil came to an immediate stop when he saw the carefully made-up bed that was completely empty of any elflings. His face turning a pale shade of white, he began to dart about the room, looking in every corner for his wayward child. When he spied no sign of him, he searched more frantically through the sitting area, the bathing chambers, and then the balcony outside the bedroom, to no avail. "Legolas!" he called several times, his voice getting louder with each yell. "Legolas, ion nin! Where are you? It is time to come out now! Ada is here." When he received no response, he tried again. "Legolas…saes…Ada is sorry, ion nin. I wish to speak to you and make amends. Please come out, my little elfling." His head drooped then, his hands firmly clenched at his sides as he realized there was no elfling within hearing range of his calls. He made a more meticulous search of the airy room, seeking any clues that might tell where his little one had gone. It was then that his eyes drifted across the note lying spread out on the bedtable, kept in place by the nightly glass of water. The shaky king snatched the note up, not even noticing when the glass fell and shattered on the floor, the noise echoing throughout the large chambers and the water trickling towards the king's boots in a careless manner. Thranduil did not see or hear—he knew nothing but the note that he read and the pitiful words scrawled upon it…words that told him just what a grave mistake he had made the previous day. Legolas lay in his bed for quite some time after Thranduil had lost his temper with him, curled up in a tiny ball and sobbing his little heart out. 'Ada hit me,' he thought sadly to himself. 'Ada does not love me anymore. He is always angry at me, and I cannot please him no matter how hard I try.' He choked on a sob, squeezing his arms tightly about his middle as his chest tightened in grief. The little elfling had no concept of elven grief, and thus could not know that he was in a very precarious state right now. He simply rocked in anguish and cried out his neglected feelings, feeling very lonely and unloved, and desperately missing his Naneth. Finally, his tears were spent and the child began to think more reasonably on what he should do. 'I should leave,' the tiny elf finally decided. 'I only make everyone unhappy. Ada cannot even bear to look at me anymore. If I leave, then everyone can be happy again.' He bit his lip, stifling another sob as he got up and went over to his wardrobe closet to draw out a little pack. He quickly stuffed some clothes and a couple of blankets inside the pack, then got his just-his-size weapons and placed the knives on his belt, tying the tiny quiver over his shoulder and setting the bow thereupon as well. Lastly, the little elf grabbed his stuffed horse, Snowflake, off the bed, clutching him tightly to his chest. He was about to step onto the balcony when he caught himself, a small hand flinging up to cover his mouth in shock as he realized he had not left a note! Surely Ada would get even more angry if he just disappeared with no explanation! He ran over to his desk and grabbed a parchment and quiver, scribbling out a few quick paragraphs, hesitating over a few of the more difficult words that he was unsure of. Finally satisfied with his note, he placed it under the glass of water on his bedtable so the soft breeze wouldn't blow it away. Sure now that he had done everything that the adults would think he needed to, the little elf walked once more to the balcony, turning at the edge to give one last look around, his little face filled with unhappiness and silent tears running down his cheeks. Clutching his little horse more tightly, he drew a shaky breath and gathered his courage, jumping into the branches of the great oak beside his balcony and setting off into the forest through the trees to make his own path in the world, somewhere far away where he would not bring so much unhappiness to his loved ones. Legolas, one with the trees, made good time through the treetops as he focused on traveling as far from the palace as he could get. It had been an easy matter to sneak past the patrols that guarded the entrance to the king's stronghold, for the trees abetted him in whatever he asked them to do, and he could easily jump the distance from one tree behind the wall to another tree beyond it. Then he was free—free from the disgusted stares he had been getting from everyone, free from his father's anger, free from having to worry over the bad things he did, and free from causing everyone anger and upsetting their day. The little elfling prince stopped for a moment to catch his breath, his tiny chest heaving with