(New Note) It was brought to my attention that I wasn't clear on Legolas' age. He is about 13 in comparative human years, which would make him around 30-something in elven years. I am basing this on the premises that with Greenwood in such dire straits and as the prince of the realm, he would have to start training earlier than most other young elves. In this story, he goes on one of his very first patrols as a training patrol, and in the olden days, youths would join the military at a much younger age anyway, so hope this isn't too farfetched. Even as early as World War I and II, there are stories of kids 14 and 15 secretly managing to sign up and go to war, and Middle Earth days were even earlier. :) Thank you for reading! Rating: K+ for injuries and angst Summary: A young Legolas (about 13) goes on one of his first patrols, and he and Thranduil discover the pros and cons of a much-despised cloak as they struggle to break through the barriers of communication. Written (didn't place) for Teitho April contest. Disclaimer: I don't own any characters, but Angbor is my own creation. Personal Note: I just wanted to write a quick note to all the great readers who favorited me and wrote reviews. I didn't have a way to respond to you personally on here if you were anonymous or didn't have the option to send a pm, but each review really made my day and meant a great deal to me. I am always trying to improve on my writing and always think there is a lot of room for improvement in my stories, so to see others actually enjoying them really gives me some much-needed confidence! A big thank you to all of you, and I hope I don't disappoint with future stories! For the Love of a Cloak Clothes are meant to cover, to provide a comfortable level of modesty that fits the society we live in. They are meant to provide shelter from the elements and from whatever mundane task we are doing at any particular time. They define the group in which we exist, telling others what realm we hail from, what job we hold, and sometimes even our age or importance. Clothes can show us whether a person is wealthy or poor in material goods, and they can tell us how reliable a person may be, for if someone does not tend well to his clothing, he most likely does not tend well to other matters in life. Clothes also, decided the pondering Legolas with relief, are meant to hide things that one does not wish to be known. Sometimes these are naughty things, like a 'borrowed' knife stuffed into the waistband of a young one's trousers, kept firmly from prying eyes by the cherished longer length of a tunic. Sometimes, though, they hide secrets of enormous proportions, bad things, things that could mean the difference between life and death, between betrayal and fealty, between happiness and misery, between harsh punishment and loving acceptance… Legolas pulled his dark, heavily-layered cloak more tightly around his thin body, his fingers rubbing absently on the soft, thick, rich material. He had argued with his father over wearing this cloak, insisting that it would only show his extreme youth to the other, older elves who were not bothered by the cooler temperatures and lightly falling snowflakes that were becoming a permanent part of the horizon. His father's fierce temper had been aroused, and Legolas had been forced to suffer through a nerve-shattering lecture about fragile elflings and ungrateful children as his father angrily informed him that he had two options: wear the cloak or stay home. Legolas, anxious to go on this small patrol to prove his growing weaponry skills both to his fellow warriors and the captain, but most of all to his very own Adar, had naturally chosen to wear the cloak, gritting his teeth together tightly to keep back the words of frustration he yearned to say to his stubborn father. His father did not know how badly the others teased him over every little overprotective nuance the king enforced upon his hapless child. Nor would he ever mention it to him, believing it was his burden alone to bear as prince of the realm. He had finally and rather reluctantly relinquished this argument, bowing his head and leaving the room with shoulders slumped. It was not that he minded the verbal teasing so very much. It was that he feared that the others would take it to extremes and engage him in a physical battle of wills, or else he would lose his temper and start the battle himself. Fighting had serious consequences in the Woodland Realm, or so he had heard, and he well knew that the prince most of all was required to set the example and refrain from such irresponsible behavior. He had hated the cloak and the resulting consequences for days after the confrontation with his father and the subsequent departure (wearing said cloak). He had found himself wishing many times that he could conveniently 'lose' it in the river or leave it behind on one of the branches of the tall oaks in the woods. Now, however…well, now the cloak was a lifeline, the only thing keeping him from sinking into an ever-darkening abyss of despair and unmentionable consequences. He could not imagine being without the cloak, and wished he had never made such an issue of wearing it. This cloak (hopefully) would save him from his father's displeasure and from more humiliating and disastrous consequences than he'd ever been forced to endure. As he drew closer to the front doors of the keep, keeping his focus steadily on the unwavering back of his captain in front of him, Legolas clutched the dark cloak a little tighter to his thin body, wishing the cloak had a small piece of magic in it, one that might allow him to disappear into a land in which there were no lecturing fathers and uncomfortable punishments. He could only hope the cloak would make him invisible enough to keep the truth from his father just this once, not that he had considered lying to his father before. Sometimes, though, an elf had to do what an elf had to do, and this was one of those times! The captain, Angbor, turned back to assess the young prince following behind him. He knew something was off with the youth, but he had yet to ascertain exactly what it was. He had picked up on some of the older warriors giving the lad a hard time and teasing him about his cloak during this patrol, and he knew that there was a distinct chilliness between those warriors and the young prince—and had been for several days. Beyond that, he did not know what was wrong. Legolas' movements were too 'careful'—for lack of a better word—and cautious, and had been so today and yesterday. Instead of trying to get rid of the hated cloak as he had tried the first couple of days of the patrol, he instead was clasping it tightly around him as though cold and showed no sign of wishing it gone. The captain wondered what could have changed the youth's mind about not wanting to wear the cloak, and he wished he could have been a bird on that branch when the change took place so he could have seen what happened. More than once, he wondered if the young elf had taken ill during the patrol. The weather had been unexpectedly bitter cold for so early in the season, and elflings were more prone to getting cold and ill. He shrugged inwardly then. Thranduil would discover what was ailing the youth; of that he had no doubt. Best he hurry and get through his report and leave the wise king and father to his task of drawing the young prince out of his self-induced shell. "Noro," he told his warriors, watching with pursed lips as the young elf stumbled almost immediately at the faster pace and nearly fell to his knees before regaining his balance. He forced himself to turn away, though, and led his men into the Keep, afterwards sending them all on their way while he and Legolas continued on to the throne room—he to make his required report, and Legolas to check in with his Adar as he was required to do. The guards in front of the throne room door bowed to the captain and their prince, opening the door for them to enter, then shutting it behind them as they walked in. Legolas stumbled once more as he crossed the raised entrance into the throne room, and the captain resisted the urge to grab hold of him to keep him from stumbling again. He dearly hoped that Thranduil would let him know later what was troubling the youth. He hoped it was not something that had been caused by his lack of attentiveness, or he would never forgive himself. Approaching the throne, Angbor bowed and placed his hand over his heart in customary respect, seeing Legolas do the same out of the corner of his eye—the one that was still keeping a close watch on the youth. Thranduil returned the gesture, but Angbor could easily see that the king's piercing gaze was seeing right through him to his son who was standing slightly behind the captain. Angbor smiled inwardly, glad to see that the king was watching the young prince so closely. He hoped it would not be long before the wise monarch found the problem, and he proceeded to give the report with a swiftness that had yet been unmatched by any of the previous Mirkwood captains. Thranduil did not seem to mind, however. In fact, he did not even seem to notice or hear most of what the captain was saying. His attention began to focus more and more on the young elf as Angbor droned on in a purposely monotonous tone, until finally his entire attention was in one place only, that of a slightly swaying youth that was still clutching a very hated cloak to him like a lifeline and refused to meet the king's eyes. It did not take any magic for Thranduil to see that something was wrong with his child. Had he not been able to tell by the telltale swaying and pale features, the tight grip on the previously despised cloak would have told the story. Legolas was Thranduil's son, and by right of inheritance was equally stubborn and prideful. He would have thrown the cloak aside the moment he entered the keep just from principal alone and, indeed, had done so on many a humorous occasion after similar arguments between king and prince—at least, they were humorous to the amused father, though he doubted that Legolas himself saw much humor in the matter. The distracted king could hear the captain giving the report, but the words faded off into a dim chatter that he could not hear. Finally, he raised one hand imperiously, the obvious movement sending Angbor into an immediate silence. Gracing the weary-looking soldier with half a glance, he waved his hand toward the door. "Enough, Angbor, you may leave us. I would have words with my son." He met the captain's glance for just long enough to see the edge of concern in the other's eyes. He nodded his head slightly, letting the other elf know he had seen something amiss in the young prince. Thranduil was grateful to the captain for his concern, and made a mental note to send word to the other elf when he found out what was troubling the elfling. Angbor bowed, turning to place a hand on Legolas' shoulder, causing him to finally raise his eyes from the apparently fascinating floor. He gave him a comforting smile and