Rating: K+ for angst and mention of potential torture. Summary: A young elfling wants to get his Ada a special gift for his Begetting Day, but how is he to earn the money necessary to purchase it? Disclaimer: I don't own any characters, but Gaerlin is my own creation. Thank you to all who read my stories and have left such nice reviews. I try to respond to all reviewers (except the ones that flame me) and if you are a guest, I hope you know how much your reviews mean to me. Ada's Begetting Day Gift A small, blonde-haired elfling shuffled along dismally down the long, dark corridor of the cave-castle in which he lived, his head hanging down as he stared unthinkingly at the stone floor as he walked. Clad in the greens and browns of the forest outside his home, his soft, green velvet boots made more of a sound than usual on the hard stone, though only elven ears would still have been able to detect the small sound. If any elven ears did hear the sound, they would have immediately known that the child was troubled about something. For this particular child was grace epitomized, and never did he make sounds when walking, nor hardly in his noisiest play. He was a quiet child, reflective and gentle, kind and loving in spirit, and empathetic to a fault. This golden child was none other than the only child of Thranduil, the great elven king of what was once known as Greenwood, but which was fast being overtaken by the encroaching darkness and had been adequately but perhaps dishearteningly renamed Mirkwood. And, it was this child's loving nature that had him in such a dismal quandary now, for his beloved Adar was soon to have his Begetting Day. It was an important one in the lives of elves, for it marked another millennia of years, not just a few dozen or so, and the cave-like castle was in an uproar with festivity preparations, for there was to be a large celebration for the woodland folk in commemoration of their king's grand day. Now, one might ask why a small elfling would be so sad about his father's grand day and an upcoming celebration that was sure to be filled with many delicious foods and exciting activities for the realm's very own prince. But this particular elfling would have happily given up his chance at a yummy pastry or participation in the fun games for one small thing (or not small thing depending on how one viewed it): ten gold pieces with which to purchase a particular gift for his Adar for his Begetting Day. That was what the small prince yearned for with all his heart, and that is what he had spent the past several weeks trying desperately to obtain. He had failed, however, and now his only recourse was to contemplate something that he had no desire to do, but that his small heart desperately urged him to, for he did not wish to disappoint his beloved Adar on his big day with no gift from his own son! This tale started three weeks prior with a visit by a host of Mirkwood delegates, along with the king himself and his small child, to the mannish settlement of Laketown for trade negotiations and supplies. Thranduil, ever the protective father,—and more so since the passing of his beloved wife—had not let the little elfling out of his sight for a second of time as they perused the many booths of the marketplace. Thus, the child had been at his elbow when Thranduil admired a particular unblemished blade, one inlaid with fine strands of gold in the ornate handle and carved on both handle and shining blade with elvish runes in Quenya. The intelligent young prince Legolas had recently mastered the art of reading—most recently that of Quenya, a slightly more difficult and less-used language—and could tell that it was an ancient elven blessing, one that his tutor had read to him in class once and made him memorize. May you be blessed with true aim in battle, a wise heart, a forgiving spirit, and the wisdom to know when to stay your hand. May you have true success in battle at all times, the constant love of your family and friends, and a long life in a beautiful land. The small prince had liked this blessing, especially inscribed as it was on a weapon of war. It made him feel like his Adar would be safe if he wielded it in battle. Thranduil recognized this blade as one similar to the one his grandfather had once possessed. Though it was not the same blade, it brought back nostalgic memories of his childhood and family that he rarely allowed himself to think about. It was with a sad glint to his blue eyes that he finally laid the blade down, not knowing that two small, identical blue eyes were carefully watching his features and making mental notes for future reference. Thranduil had walked on then, choosing only to purchase the supplies he had come there for. In a time of war, one did not waste the kingdom's money on trivial wants, the stout-hearted king firmly believed, and he would not make a frivolous purchase for himself when his own kingdom contained within it the very best in welders, bladesmiths, and elven crafters that could fasten weaponry fit for the Valar himself to possess. As he had picked up his elfling and carried him on one arm while continuing to peruse the goods in the marketplace, huge eyes had looked back at the table with the special knife. Two men had gathered at the table, likewise admiring the blade and discussing it in low tones that easily reached the elfling's keen ears. The larger man, the one with strangely greying hair—the child had never seen grey hair before except on Mithrandir, the wizard—was turning the blade over in his hands reverently while speaking to his friend, a shorter, slighter man with brown hair and hair on his face. "Ai, but I'd like to get this for my son for his coming of age next month. A fine blade this is—a blade fit for kings!" The other man flashed him a sympathetic grin. "Ai, that it is. A fine piece of money it costs too. I don't happen to have a ten piece lying around, and I doubt you do either, old friend. I'd say you need to be content to lower your sights to one of these well-made dwarven blades here. They are no less fine." Thranduil spoke to Legolas then, pointing out a booth with baked goods and various types of sweets. "Legolas, would you like to get a sack of sweets to share amongst your friends at home?" The small elf turned his head from where it was perched over his Ada's broad shoulder, his eyes lighting at the offer of the unexpected treat. "Oh, yes please, Adar!" he breathed, his blue eyes growing round with pleasure at the sight of so many different types of sweets. The small elfling did not forget the men's words, however. Legolas was known to be a very smart elfling, but he had not yet learned the different forms of money amongst the races of Middle Earth. When his keen ears had caught the word 'ten piece', he thought to himself, 'That is not too bad. All I have to do is earn ten pieces of gold and I can buy that beautiful knife Ada liked for his begetting day. Ada has hundreds upon thousands of gold pieces in the treasure room. Surely he will let me earn it in some way.' And it was with much excitement and trepidation that the elfling went home with his Adar that day, determined in his mind to find some way of earning the necessary money for his father's gift. The next day found a small, golden elfling skipping down the long hall of the castle towards the throne room, where he promptly requested an audience with the king from a smiling guard, who let the child in and motioned him to stand at the back of the room until he was addressed by the king. Legolas straightened his shoulders and stood as tall as he could. He was there for business, and he needed to make himself appear as old as possible so that his Ada would hopefully take him seriously. Thranduil had paused for half a second in his discussion with Galion when the child came in, one fair eyebrow rising in surprise. Legolas knew he was not to disturb business in the throne room, but the guard's positioning of the child at the rear of the room, along with a subtle glance at his king, let him know that his son was here for exactly that: some type of business. His curiosity getting the best of even the all-wise and ancient king, he exchanged a glance with his old friend and esteemed aide, Galion, who allowed a slight shrug to grace his lithe shoulders. He had not the slightest idea what the child had in mind, but he was equally curious to see this played out! All in the kingdom loved the golden prince, not least of all Thranduil's closest friends like Galion, who had joyfully shared in watching the tiny child grow from birth. Thranduil cleared his throat, meeting his son's pure blue gaze and motioning him forward. "You may approach," he said in a firm voice, the usual tone he would use with any others that requested a meeting with him during the day. He kept his features carefully schooled, determined to keep his amusement from showing at what the child was obviously taking seriously. Legolas' fair young face was shining with innocence and determination, but the king detected a slight trace of doubt in the depths of the huge blue eyes as he took brave steps forward until he reached his Ada. Dropping to his knee like he'd seen one of the men from Laketown do during a visit to Mirkwood a few years ago, the elfling lowered his head. "M-my Lord…" The child paused, gathering his courage as he took a deep breath. "I am here to request work… I can do many different tasks…such as deliver messages, clean the castle or stable…I am very handy my Lord…at many things…" He kept his head bowed, knowing that was protocol until his father gave him permission to rise, so he did not see the stunned expression that flitted across both Thranduil's and Galion's faces as they exchanged a swift glance. "Rise, Legolas, and look at me." He commanded, making sure the surprise was gone from his face as the child stumbled nervously to his feet and met his father's gaze with an equally nervous expression. "Why ever do you wish to work, child? You have everything you need right here." Legolas bit his lip, his tiny heart quaking at the next words he knew he must speak. He was not sure how his Ada would take it! "I need to earn ten gold coins, my Lord. I assure you I will do the best job possible at whatever task you give me." He spoke quickly this time, trying to rush through the 'ten gold coins' part and distract his Ada with the talk of work. Thranduil's eyebrows shot up. "Why ever do you have need of gold coins, Legolas? If you need anything, tell Galion or myself and we will ensure you receive it, within reason of course. And ten gold coins is no small amount. I see no reason that an elfling would have any need of such a large sum." Legolas bit his lip, lowering his head and staring at the ground. He dared not let slip why he wanted the coins. It would ruin the surprise for Ada! Rubbing the toe of his boot