Summary: Legolas and the twins set out on All Hallows Eve to find the source of the attacks on the nearby villages, never dreaming they will discover yet another, horrible monster straight from the bowels of Mordor. Written for the November Teitho prompt, but did not place. Reviews are welcome and most cherished, but please no flames. A big thank you to everyone who takes the time to read my stories, comment on them, and favorite them. You all inspire me so much! :) Rating: K+ for gore, battle situations and injuries First Adventures An elf with long, dark hair stood by the trail, watching a smaller elf (an elfling really) carefully as he searched for tracks on the frost-covered ground. It was the season that humans would call fall. The leaves were falling and turning the ground a mixture of vibrant red and oranges, and the first frost had finally occurred a week hence, causing the ground to stiffen and the air to freeze. The hard ground made it all the more harder to search for tracks of any type on the ground, for it was stiff and unyielding, leaving very little signs of any creatures passing by before. And yet, it made the perfect environment in which to teach a young being adequate woodland skills. If an elf learned how to track in such difficult conditions as this, then that elf would be an accomplished tracker indeed. It was that very defense the dark-haired elf had offered up when explaining to the Lord of Imladris all the reasons the young elf should be allowed to accompany the Lord's sons as they attempted to track down the creature (or creatures) that had been creating havoc and devastation all across the lands surrounding Imladris' borders, including some of the nearby towns of men, where sadly even a few children had been recently killed and some of the adults attacked and left for nearly dead. Elrond had not been happy about the suggestion, firmly vetoing it at first. But his sons, two lords in their own rights, identical twins with dark hair, had slowly but surely wheedled him down to a reluctant (extremely reluctant) acquiescence. "Adar, what better time to teach Legolas how to hunt and track? None of us know what this creature is, and it will test his skills, as well as all of ours, to our highest abilities." "That is what I am afraid of! No one knows what this is. It is not safe, especially for a young princeling in our charge. Legolas is too young, Elladan. His father, Thranduil, has entrusted him to our care for a time to rid him of the ever-present shadow of Mirkwood, not to bring it closer to him! Choose a different way to teach him tracking, but not this way!" Hands clasped behind his back, the elder elf had turned away to face the expansive window lying open in his office, the balmy breeze blowing in from the outside and bringing a whiff of the numerous waterfalls abounding in the beautiful elven haven. "Adar, it is precisely that reason that he does need to learn in this manner! Teaching him tracking when there is not an element of danger will prove to be of little use to him in the horror-filled reality of Mirkwood's darkness. Give him a taste of it now, where Elrohir and I will be nearby to watch over him and keep him safe. Then, he may take his learned skills back to his own realm where it may save his own life, and possibly those of many others." Elladan followed his father to the window, looking out over the balcony as he tried to spot his twin brother in the gardens below, where he was keeping watch over the sensitive wood elf in question. Elrond turned to face his eldest son, watching his long, black hair flow gently in the breeze and sweep across his fair features. The Noldor twins could rival nearly any elf in Arda for beauty. Their frames were tall and thin, yet well-defined and muscular. Their dark hair and ability to adopt a fierce visage belayed their heritage on their father's side, but their fairness of face and lithe bodies portrayed their mother's gentle looks. Elrond well knew that the fairness of his sons was deceptive to the evil creatures of the dark, for they could rival the most formidable warrior in Arda when riled. Valiant they were, and courageous to a fault. Legolas could have no better protectors than these two warriors, and Elladan had made an excellent point. Up until now, it was only the small children that had lost their lives, though some of the adults had been severely wounded. Yet, they were men, not elven warriors. The chances of Legolas actually getting hurt in such a hunt amongst other superior elven warriors was slim indeed. He sighed, placing his hands on the window's edge in front of him as he turned back to the view of the gardens, his eyes subconsciously searching for his other son and the young elf currently in debate. "I will allow it," he said finally, his voice tinged with reluctance. He could not lock the youth into a box and forever keep him safe, so perhaps this was the lesser of two evils: A little danger combined with comparative safety. Elladan broke into a grin, his exuberance making his features even fairer in the rays of the sun. "Hannon le, Ada! This will make Legolas most happy! I promise you, we will be careful with him." Elrond smiled slightly, his brow creased with worry. A shadow had encompassed his fea at the thought of the bright, young elf being placed needlessly in danger. Perhaps he was just being overprotective, however. Perhaps it was just because of what day it was: All Hallows Eve. His premonitions and visions were not always certain, and the child needed some adventure in his otherwise mundane visit. He acknowledged Elladan's quick bow as the dark-haired twin rushed out of the study to tell the good news to Elrohir and Legolas, turning once more to his piled-up desk to busy himself with the more urgent matters of the Realm. "Aye!" Legolas exclaimed, "I would much enjoy going on such an adventure with you! It will be wonderful to learn how to improve my tracking skills from such renowned trackers as the two of you, and what better way to spend All Hallows Eve than in the forest amongst the creatures of the dark?" The youth's eyes were alight with enthusiasm and excitement. The twins exchanged a glance of surprise. They had quite forgotten that it was All Hallows Eve that night. Days tended to mix together among the grown elves, for they were but a blink of the eye to those who had seen several centuries. 'Twas not so with the young elves, however, and Legolas was more than young enough to still get excited about holidays of any type. A look of mischief crept into both the sibling's eyes at the same time, and they grinned a knowing grin to each other. Legolas was far too excited to notice, however, as he began to question the twins on what supplies he needed to pack. Later, when it was but a few hours away from sunset, the three younger elves were gathered out in the courtyard, their horses loaded down with their packs and the reins in hand as they said hasty goodbye's to Elrond and Glorfindel. After hugging his sons and whispering several words of remonstration in their ears at too low of a pitch for the excited young wood elf to overhear, Elrond went over to the fidgeting Legolas, placing gentle hands on the youth's thin shoulders. Elrond met Legolas' gaze firmly, forcing the young elf to stand still and pay attention to him. "Be careful, little one. The creature you seek is unknown to me, and I would not wish any injury to come to you." Legolas looked surprised at the elder elf, wondering at the strange tone of voice and the look of a sadness in the fathomless grey eyes that bespoke of dreadful secrets long born. "I am always careful, my Lord, but I will heed your words well," Legolas said as he spontaneously wrapped his arms around the elder elf and gave him a hug. Then he was off to mount his horse, Glorfindel having said his farewells already and the impatience (as well as the keen excitement) of youth causing him to carelessly dismiss Elrond's worry as being needless and overprotective—something which he had grown quite accustomed to over the years. Indeed, it was so much a part of his life that the gratitude he felt towards the twins for 'springing' him from his prison, as it were, was immense and steadfast. He was truthfully surprised that the twins would deign to take him out when there was an element of danger involved, and he reminded himself to thank them more thoroughly at a later date. After an enjoyable few hours of friendly bantering and meticulous lessons in tracking, the twins decided to pull up the horses and take a rest near one of the many small, flowing rivers sprinkling the land of Imladris. The excitement in the young elf's eyes was still displayed freely on the fair features, making his countenance shine like the much-loved stars in the night skies, bringing smiles of appreciation to the elder elves' faces. Grand it was for them to be in the presence of one so young and filled with purity and innocence. Though they were considered young for elves, they rarely saw an elf as young as this particular young prince, who was among the last born to the elves. He reminded them of all things good in Middle Earth, and why they continued to fight against the ever-encroaching shadow of Evil. The trail they had been carefully following was showing signs of growing warmer and, as they reckoned it, they were only about a half a day behind the creature now. They still knew not what type of creature they were dealing with, though they had already spoken with several of the people from the nearby villagers that had gotten glimpses of it. They had described it to be almost like a giant wolf, yet with fangs so large it could easily crush the body of a child in half, bearing an evil aura and yellow eyes flicked with red. The neck was large as well, more so than any creature yet seen in Middle Earth by the sheltered villagers. The twins had never seen such a creature either, their only dealings with Arda's monsters consisting of the giant spiders when visiting Mirkwood, a few trolls and, of course the numerous orcs accumulating in the nearby mountains. When asked later in the evening after camp was set up, Legolas replied that he had yet to see such a monster as this as well. "Perhaps it is some new creature the Necromancer has devised," he suggested with a wisdom far beyond that of his comparatively youthful age and looks. Elladan clapped him on the back, his features riddled with pride in his young friend and brother, then he leaned forward and ruffled the younger elf's hair, a movement that promptly earned him a hasty bath in the nearby stream and sent Elrohir into gails of laughter. Elladan took it good-naturedly, still filled with pride over the antics of the younger elf, even if it were antics of mischief, and the two became enthralled in a large-scale water battle. It came to a close when Elladan threatened to drag Elrohir into the water, and he laughingly pleaded for mercy as he backed away with hands held up. "Nay! It is time for dinner. Then we must sleep so that we can start tracking again early in the morning. Forget you our mission, brother?" Elladan deferred