Summary: Little Legolas and the twins discover the consequences of knowing (and giving) false knowledge, or misinformation. Written for the September Teitho prompt. Reviews are welcome, but please no flames. A big thank you to everyone who takes the time to read my stories, comment on them, and favorite them. You all inspire me so much! :) Rating: K+ to be safe The Consequences of Misinformation Glorfindel frowned as he muttered silently to himself, placing the sparring swords back in their holder with such force that the holder nearly fell over onto the ground, barely rescued by Lindir, who had stopped by to discuss the coming evening's musical entertainment with the elder lord and seneschal of Rivendell. Eyebrows raised, the younger elf merely held the holder for his friend and wisely remained silent. The formidable Balrog slayer was obviously in a mood, and the dark-haired musician had learned long ago to remain as invisible as possible when the other elf was in one of his moods. As he replaced the last sword, Glorfindel finally seemed to notice that he wasn't alone, quickly hiding the look of surprise that flew into his eyes at the sight of the meek minstrel holding the bag for him. Forming his features into an unreadable mask, the blonde lord managed a slight smile, though the rest of his face remained taut, an indicator of his festering temper. Pretty sure that the elder elf was not mad at him, since he could not remember having committed any offense against his friend, Lindir decided that today was the day he would go down in history books as having fulfilled a braver mission even than defeating a Balrog—he would dare to ask the irate Balrog slayer what was wrong. "Is something the matter, mellon-nin?" He put all of his fierce bravado into his voice, pleased when he could not detect any trembling in it. Glorfindel's eyebrows raised in disbelief. "Is something wrong? Is something WRONG, he asks? Whatever is NOT wrong…is what you should ask instead!" His grip tightened on the weapons bag until Lindir was sure that the strong material was finally going to break apart after centuries of faithful service to the realm. Having turned to face the bag, Glorfindel turned back to Lindir so suddenly and sharply that the younger elf was unable to restrain a small flinch as his body attempted some type of self-preservation and swayed backwards ever so slightly. "Do I LOOK like a monster to you, Lindir? Tell me honestly, do I have the appearance of a MONSTER?" Lindir blanched. He should not have come here right now. In fact, he should not have come here at all…ever… He could have claimed he had been unable to find the other elf in time to orchestrate the musicians tonight. He could have come up with any number of excellent excuses, and all would have spared him from this . As the blonde elf continued to stare expectantly at him, he began to realize that he had not been given a rhetorical question and was expected to provide an answer of some type. "N-no, my lord," he stammered, unable to come up with anything more eloquent with the fierce warrior quite within strangling distance. "Then I ask you, my friend, why would a tiny elfling, one I might mention that I have never caused ANY harm to whatsoever, suddenly think I AM a monster?" Glorfindel's face was reddening as he recalled the object of discussion, and Lindir began to wonder how he could even give a semi-soothing answer when HE was beginning to wonder the same thing as the aforementioned elfling, since his blonde friend was beginning to slightly resemble some type of monster at the moment. However, ever the peacemaker, the kindly minstrel decided that he indeed could not recall Glorfindel ever actually harming him…or anyone…so perhaps he was just unusually upset about something. Laying a tentative (and very brave) hand on the irate elf's shoulder, he squeezed it gently. "Calm down, my friend. I cannot help you if I do not know what is wrong. What is all this about an elfling thinking you are a monster? I assume you speak of Legolas, since he is the only elfling here…" More hurt and upset than seriously angry, the blonde elf's shoulders slumped at his friend's soothing tone and actions. He took a deep breath. "Yes…Legolas, of course. I do not understand it; I simply do not understand it! I have never even met him before this visit, and he acts terrified of me!" A look of pleading filled his green eyes then as he met his friend's concerned gaze. "Tell me, Lindir, what have I done to make him fear me? Is it something I am not aware of? Something that might scare small elflings but not grown elves?" Lindir's eyes widened imperceptibly. Though considered young according to the immortality of elves, he was still older than the twins and had seen this seasoned warrior handle those two mischievous elflings with kid gloves and a gentleness that few would suspect him capable of. He had thoroughly spoiled those two young ones, and they loved and respected him fiercely—other than when they were trying to play one of their famous pranks on him, of course. He did not think the kind-hearted blonde elf had it in him to scare elflings, and he said so. "I do not know what has happened, mellon-nin. Have you asked the elfling?" "I cannot ask the elfling, for the simple reason that he will not get even within shouting distance of me. It is quite difficult to hold a conversation with someone who is not close enough to even see with the eyes." Glorfindel lowered his head, clenching his hands into fists. Lindir frowned. It was obvious that this matter was upsetting his friend a great deal, so he must find a way to help him resolve the issue—assuming, of course, that it was just the matter of a misunderstanding. "Did you yell at him, perchance? Or was there some instance in which the elfling could have thought you sounded angry with him?" Glorfindel looked confused now. "I have not gotten to speak with him even one time since he arrived. Elrond introduced us the first evening he was here and we all dined together. He has been purposely avoiding me since." He rubbed a hand over his face. "I was looking forward to getting to know him, too. Especially after all the tales I've heard from Elrond and the twins, and Erestor. I had hoped we might be great friends." Lindir nearly smiled at this, the corners of his mouth rising slightly despite his efforts to the contrary. The formidable Balrog slayer was a big softie after all… He began to feel sympathy for his friend and thought for a moment on how he could help him. He clapped his hands together suddenly as a thought came to mind, startling Glorfindel into nearly dropping the bag he had gone back to straightening. "I have an idea: I will find the elfling and bring him with me on the pretext of showing him a new song I have written. I will carry him and bring him back here where you will be waiting. Then I can 'introduce' him again and you can offer to teach him archery, since the elfling has a special propensity for it. That way, he will be forced to be near you long enough to get to know you and will see that you are certainly no monster!" Glorfindel's features brightened as he tapped his chin for a moment and pondered his friend's wise words. He smiled then. "I like it. I think it just might work! Thank you mellon-nin! Elrond should have you advise him more often in matters, for you show much wisdom!" He laid a grateful hand on the other's shoulder and squeezed it lightly. Lindir smiled back at him and returned the gesture, then hurried off to fulfill his mission while Glorfindel finished gathering the sparring swords and placed them in the weapons room, whistling cheerily and grabbing a large bow and arrow and a smaller sized one from the room before returning to the training field to await Lindir and the cute Mirkwood prince. Legolas had spent much time since his birth with Elrond and the twins. The Imladris elves had visited Mirkwood often both for his birth and afterwards. Elflings such a rare blessing in Middle Earth, the Noldor elves enjoyed spending time with the child, appreciating his fresh innocence and bright spirit. Elrond had shared millennia-long friendship with Thranduil, Mirkwood's king and Legolas' father, and he used the time spent with the elfling as an opportunity to expand upon their friendship—most especially after Legolas' mother was killed by orcs when the elfling was still in his toddler years. He had finally convinced Thranduil to allow the child to spend several months in Imladris. He had arranged to take the child back with the Noldorin contingent after a long visit to Mirkwood, and Thranduil and his warriors would travel to Imladris in a few months to bring the child back home. Glorfindel, the mighty Balrog slayer and seneschal of Rivendell, had yet to travel to Mirkwood since Legolas' birth, having been required to stay in Imladris to govern in Elrond's long absences, so he had yet to meet the young elfling prince. Legolas had heard his father, Thranduil, speak tales of the formidable warrior, especially the tale of the Balrog's defeat, but the tales he had heard thus far had been filled with age-appropriate battles where the hero defeated the evil within, using his cunning wisdom and mighty strength. The twins and Elrond had mentioned him occasionally as the formidable commander in charge of Elrond's army. His father had told him a few bedtime tales of the mighty warrior during their earlier days of close friendship, but Legolas had always fallen asleep before Thranduil could finish the stories, stories that ended in his age-old friend performing some great kindness or saving someone's life. Ergo, to Legolas, the ancient and historically famous elf was someone akin to a distant god—a god who controlled with an efficient sword of justice and a stern courage of will. Legolas only knew what he had heard, and he had not the knowledge to judge any differently. The twins knew this, and decided to use this to their advantage as they made the long journey back to Imladris with the restless and excited, albeit homesick, little elf. The twins began to fill the elfling's mind with 'other' tales about the blonde seneschal of Imladris, telling him exaggerated instances in which the formidable commander had punished his warriors (or the twins) for some small misdeed. The tales slowly progressed to the point where Glorfindel was a complete monster of evil, one whom snatched up a cane or whip at the slightest provocation and beat his victim senseless. After several nights of such horror-filled tales, the twins assured Legolas that the blonde-haired elf, Glorfindel, was one that he should stay away from at all costs. Determined to play one of their largest pranks on their tutor yet, they continued to fill his head with stories of horror and dread concerning the elder elf when he came upon elflings he disliked, from locking any misbehaving elflings into broom closets for a week to lashing them fiercely with sharpened tree limbs and hard canes. The poor wood elfling was quavering in terror by the time they finished their stories. Having never even heard of lashings before, the small elf could not fathom such a humiliating and painful punishment, and the twins' tales of how tiny of an offense could potentially earn such a punishment had him fearing to be within even shouting range of the unknown elf. "Glorfindel does not care overly much for elflings, Legolas," Elladan said the night before they arrived in Imladris. "He was