A/N: Here's a new Bellice story for you all! This one is... well, unique :D I hope you like it! I'll say this up front, I can't promise I'll be amazingly active. I've got maybe seven chapters of this written so far, but I write slow, so when those run out... don't be mad, please! Anyways, read on and enjoy! The beginning here is just prologue, really, the story starts farther down. Once upon a time, the land was not Europe, nor France, Germany, Italy or any other name. There was no Asia, or Africa, and the New World was still foreign to most humans. Instead of this disruptive, divided place there was only one land. This land had no name, for why would you give something a name if you had nothing to compare it to? You couldn't say I live in this state, or this country, because they were all the same land. You could say I live in the north, in this village, or I live in the west, a mile outside of Drakford, take a right at the second mountain. But there were no countries or states. There was just The Land, because there was peace. There are no need for boundaries if you are at peace with your neighbors. In this time, the witches were happy to sell medicine, the elves built the finest weapons, the trolls were content in the hills, and most importantly, the dragons were left to hunt and mine for gems and learn in peace. Humans grew crops, elves made swords, and dragons left everyone alone. People feared the dragons and kept their distance, and there was peace. To watch over this peace was the Queen. She was the queen because she herself was part dragon. There was no more powerful beast in the land than the Queen who had the abilities of a dragon, armies of wolves, and the magic of a witch. She was kind and benevolent and loved her subjects. Her reign was happy and joyous and the land prospered. Then the vampires came. No one, not even the Queen, knew how they were created, or why one day they just came into existence. Some think it was a spell gone wrong, or that a demon had a child with a mortal and that they are the spawn of this pairing. Is it possible to know for sure? No. But regardless, villages began to knit together, separating one from another out of fear and mistrust. Fighting forces were built and suddenly there was not peace. Drakford was no longer a brother to Thimbold, and Geranin no longer would trade with Burk. No, the Queen had to negotiate treaties and designate farming land, while managing armies and fighting vampires herself. The elves and dwarfs and trolls were either wiped out or retreated far away from the humans and their quarrels. When the people of the land thought that nothing could get worse, something even more horrible happened. A large group of vampires killed a dragon hatchling. These vampires became nigh indestructible, and most importantly, invincible to fire. Only the Queen could slay them, and between the human wars and quarrels, there was chaos. Humans began to hunt and kill dragons because they were the source of the vampire's supreme power. Now the dragons were no longer left to be peaceful, and they laid waist to much of the land. Eventually, one day, her most faithful servant approached her. "My liege... The world is in chaos. From the north to the south, east to west, there is famine and disease and sadness. These vampires must be stopped... at any cost. I think it is time." "But my precious dragons... What will I do, Mav? As long as there are vampires, there can not be dragons. As long as there are dragons, there can not be vampires." "You and your dragons must remain dormant until history has forgotten you. Until you are nothing but myth. You've had the prophecies; you will be needed in a different era, a long ways away from now. Sleep, and emerge when you are needed." A tear leaked down the Queen's cheek. "I will miss you dearly..." "As I will you." Mavrik, her most faithful warrior, padded up to her. His tail drooped and he buried his muzzle in her neck as she bent to embrace him. "It is time." "I... I want you to come with me. I will need a companion." The large black wolf blinked at her in surprise. "But, my liege... It would not be proper for one as lowly as myself-" "Nonsense. You are the king of wolves, and it would not be right for you to die fighting a useless battle. Your kind will need a king too, when the time comes." He sighed. "I would be honored to accompany you." "It's settled then." The Queen rose, her dark hair falling over her shoulder as she strode down a long hallway, her wolf staying close at her heals. Mavrik was a hulking creature, the largest wolf she herself had ever seen, which is why she had made him the captain of her guard. Long ago he had saved her life, but nearly died. She had healed him, dragons blood freely given, and now he would live for as long as she did. People in the halls bowed to them as they passed. The Queen strode out of the castle grounds and into the stable, swinging bareback onto her most faithful horse. Girl, Horse, and Wolf traveled for three days until they reached a large cliff that faced the sea. The Queen dismounted, bid her horse a gracious farewell, and together her and her companion climbed down the cliff until they found a cave. Inside they sat as the Queen searched her memories. Her mother was a powerful witch. The knowledge of a witch is passed down through the generations. She knew every spell that her mother, grandmother, and all the witches in her lineage knew. Her father had been a dragon. At will she could take on his form, she had his strength and intellect. Now, she combined the two. She found the life fire in herself and in the wolf that lay beside her, and she wrapped it in a spell. Enchanted as they were, they would sleep without aging a day until they were needed. The Queen left it up to fate to decide when that would be. Until then she, and all of her dragons, slept. That day would be a turning point, as the world of the supernatural faded away, and the humans and all of their problems were given dominance that they did not deserve. Don't get comfortable... the Dragon Queen thought. I will return one day. The very last thing she heard before drifting off into her slumber was the voice of her long dead mother. ' You will not remember much, my dear. You will wake up incomplete. Only when you have found your missing pieces will you be at your strongest. When all of your powers finally return, they will be merely tools. Use them to defend that which is far closer to your heart.' They slept undisturbed for many, many centuries. -Thousands of Years Later- "Bella, wake up!" I jolted out of my dream with a gasp, then a groan. I stretched and rolled over, looking at the alarm clock. Two in the morning, just perfect. "Jake, what the hell?" I whined, rubbing the sleep out of my eyes. I looked up to see the large boy standing in my doorway, his expression worried and eyes wide. Well, at least he hadn't woken me up for some kind of stupid reason. "It's... Seth." "Oh," I mumbled, sadness clouding my heart. "Not him too." Jake grimaced and looked away. "Yeah, him too. He's having trouble changing back. Us guys were wondering if maybe... you and Mavrik..." "Yeah, I'll be down in two minutes." "Thanks, Bells." Mavrik, who had been curled up in the corner looked at me from where his massive head rested on his massive paws. He hadn't moved from where he slept, but his eyes now peered at me, amber pools of the same sadness I felt. Poor kid. I swung my feet over the wide of my bed and began to get dressed. Some mortals might think that having a second form, being immortal, was a gift. Not everyone saw it that way, though. I knew most of the boys here didn't. I didn't know how I felt about it, but if me groaning and moaning along with them made them feel better, well who was I to deny them? Life wasn't the same after it, sure, but few of them took the time to wander if maybe it was a better life. Basketball shorts covered my legs down to my knees, and I wore a hoodie over my pajama shirt. I slipped on my chucks and was off, Mav at my heels. Jake waited anxiously for me in the woods edge, already in his second form. He bent a leg, lowering his shoulder for me, and I vaulted on. "Lead the way," I said. He took off into the woods, running very fast, but nearly silent. I could smell his musky woods smell, and I could smell the scent of the other wolves as we neared them. I hear the shouts of several human voices, namely Quil and Seth's sister Leah, along with the growls, whines, and whimpers of wolves. I heard Sam, the alpha, commanding Seth to calm down, but I could also feel Seth's fear and alarm, how his adrenaline was overriding the alpha's commands and just confusing him more. He just wanted to run home, to run away, just to get away from this place and this confusing thing he had become. Jake skidded to a stop in the clearing, but I jumped down long before he came to a halt. Using some of his momentum, it only took me two steps to cross the small (recently flattened) clearing. In one swift motion I placed two of my hands on the sides of Seth's massive head, forcing him to look at me. "It's okay, pack brother." I murmured. He stopped thrashing and lunging, and just looked at me. Mavrik slunk up behind me, and sat in front of him. Mav was half of Seth's size, a third of some of the bigger wolves' size, but he was alpha above all others and commanded immense respect. "Indeed, my son. We are not here to harm you. We are your brothers. Remember who you are, and come back to us." I felt Seth relax under my hands. "That's right. Do you remember who you are, Seth Clearwater? Your mother Sue, and your sister Leah? Do you remember who I am?" "Bella..." His wolves' voice was raspy, not used to speaking, just making sounds. "That's rights. I know you don't understand what's going on now, but this body you're in is still your own. You should be proud that your genes are so strong as to carry such a handsome young wolf inside. Why don't I let you go, and we'll find a nice calm pool to gaze in, and you can have a good look for yourself." "But... I can see me. It's just- I don't" He shook his head, trying to clear away the thoughts of the other boys. I turned to them. "I can take it from here. Why don't you shift back?" They did as I said, though I knew many weren't happy about it. I turned back to Seth. "Is that better?" He nodded, body now quivering with exhaustion. "Come on then. I'll explain everything while we walk." It took two hours of coaxing before I got Seth to shift back. He was so embarrassed to be naked in front of me that I ended up having to give him my basketball shorts,