HEY THERE FAITHFUL READERS THIS IS JUST A LITTLE THALICO STORY BECAUSE I WAS BORED AND NEEDED SOMETHING TO DO. SO IF THERE ARE ANY ERRORS SORRY. OR IF THEY ARE A LITTLE OOC. :/ ANYWAY HERE WE ARE... P.S. THE GIANT WAR NEVER HAPPENED. LET'S JUST SAY THE TWO CAMPS MET UNDER DIFFERENT CIRCUMSTANCES AND THEY GOT ALONG FAMOUSLY. K? AWESOOME! THALIA I just want to take the time to say...my life- SUCKS . I mean why can't all the horrible stuff happen to someone else. Why me ? Isn't it enough that I died and was turned into a pine tree? Betrayed by those I trusted the most? Cough-Luke-Cough. No. I just had to go and fall in love... again . Ugh. I hate my life. Love is too complicated. I mean, I'm a HUNTER for Zues' sake! THALIA It had been a normal day to the average passerby. If you can call a couple of teenagers running through Central Park with a twelve-year old son of Hecate, normal . We were sent to retrieve him for Chiron along with a certain pale-skinned son of Hades. We were running because of two fairly large hellhounds. Seeing as I'm the only one willing to work with "That horrible excuse for a living thing called a male. " even though said males have saved their skins many times it was only me and Nico with the kid. "Hey, Pinecone Face what brings you here?" He asks. Are you that stupid? "Long time no see, Death Breath." As I scowl at those hellhounds. "Hey kid. Get up that tree." "No! I can fight!" The kid, Aiden I think his name is. " Get up that tree!" I hissed. "No!" Gods, this kid is persistent. Nico looked at me, he shook his head then grabbed the kid. "Hey let go of me!" He demanded "Get him to Camp, Death Breath. I'll make sure you're not followed." "Thanks, Thals." He ran toward a tree and shadow-traveled away with Aiden. I pulled out my bow and scaled the tree we had been hiding behind. I realized I couldn't shoot it from the safety of the tree. I muttered, "Shit." Then proceeded to jump out and land on the hellhound's back. One had followed Nico and Aiden before I could stop it. So much for making sure their not followed. Riding a hellhound is not easy. Imagine riding a wild bull. Then take that bull and make it the size of a large van. Take its strength and multiply it by how old your parents are. That's not even half as bad as this. I grabbed my hunting knives and drove them into its hide. It jerked and shook and hopped trying to to throw me off. "You are seriously getting on my nerves." I growled. I closed my eyes and focused. I felt the intense pull in my gut and lightning coursed through my body. I focused it into my knives where it was discharged through the hellhound's body exploding it to dust and dumping me on the ground. When I tried to stand up that's when my body decided to tell me, Oh hey forgot to mention, when you jumped out that tree you broke you ankle. Just frickin' peachy. "Gods Damn it!" I yelled. Luckily there weren't too many people around so no one gave me weird looks. I decided to just sit down and relax. I dug around my pack for some nectar or ambrosia to no avail. "Need some help?" Nico asks. " No. I'm just sitting here with a broken ankle for giggles. Yes I need some help!" My voice dripping with sarcasm. "Geez. Did someone wake up on the wrong side of the tent this morning?" He asks. I gave him my best, 'Shut up before I cook you' face. "Shut up." I mumbled. He just picked me up, bringing me back to the Hunters, laughing the entire way. Back at Camp, Aiden stood waiting for us. "Why wouldn't you let me fight?!" He yells. Wow. No, "Hey thanks for saving my life." or "Where am I?" or nothing. Straight to the complaining. Not even Kelp Head's newest sister was this snobby. She was cool and down to earth. She took this whole Greek and Roman gods thing pretty well. I am so sick and tired of these bratty littl- "Thalia." Nico snapped his fingers in my face. I smacked his hand away and that's when I felt it. That little spark igniting the fire. Of course, being me I ignored it figuring I just accidentally sparked him. Nothing special. "I. Am going to sleep. Someone message the Hunters and tell them we will stay here for awhile. We haven't taken a break in forever and we could use a good Capture-The-Flag game." I smirked. As I was walking away I called over my shoulder," So we can beat you for the 70th time." "As if!" Nico called back. I laughed. I decided to go to Cabin One to sleep instead of Artemis' cabin. I took one look at my dad's statue. Nope. I walked right back out and started wandering around. Rules be damned. I ended up by Zeus' Fist and I stumbled upon the most horrible thing my immortal eyes have ever seen. Travis Stoll was sucking face with Katie Gardner . I shuddered. Ew. I had two options A) Leave them be and walk away OR 2) Take a picture for blackmail purposes. Obviously I chose the latter. I ran all the way to the Hermes' cabin and grabbed Connor. "Camcorder. Now." I commanded. He fell back and grabbed one and tossed it to me. I ran out the door,"Thanks!" I yelled back. As soon as I got back there I had to hold back vomit. Travis was kissing her neck now. Ew. I turned off the flash and took a few pictures. Then, I began recording the ghastly deed. After about five minutes I stopped the recording, saved the file, and picked up a rock. With the rock I stepped into the clearing and threw said projectile at Travis' head. "Hey! What the-" He stopped and his face paled as well as Katie's. "Well well well, look what we have here," I pulled up the camcorder." Interesting. no?" "Th-th-th-" Katie bumped his back,"Thalia! What are you doing here?!" I snickered,"Having oh so much fun." "You can't tell anyone!" Katie begged. I laughed,"I can. And I will. If I am not satisfied with how you act around the Huntresses'. No murderous glares from you."I pointed at Katie," Or googly eyes coming from you,"I pointed at Travis." Failure to do so will result in this video and all the pictures going viral and sent to Hephaestus to be aired for all the gods to see including none other than Hermes and Demeter. Are we clear?" I concluded. They nodded,"Good. Have a nice day." I strolled through the forest and once I was out of hearing range of the dryads,"This is so going viral." Then I was tackled to the ground. What the- "Thwalia! Thwalia! Thwalia!" Percy's youngest sister, Bree. "Hey there, Bree. How are ya?" I chuckled. "Guess what! Go on! Guess!" She asked excitedly. "I don't know. Tell me!" I said playing along. I got up and grabbed her hand. "I can make a wave!" She shouted. "Oh really?" I asked," Why don't we go down to the beach and you can show me." "Ok!" She sped off as fast as her little five-year-old legs would carry her. I ran after her and collided with Nico. "Hey sorry 'bout that." I said. "It's ok. Have you seen Bree? I'm supposed to be babysitting her and I..ahem kinda...um...lost her." He scratched his neck sheepishly. "It just so happens that she tackled me to the ground a couple of minutes ago. We were headed to the beach. Wanna tag along?" I asked. "Sure." We walked to the beach where Bree was tapping her foot impatiently. She was frowning. Gods she is so adorable. For the next half hour she paraded me around Camp showing me everything she could , basket weaving, archery, swordfighting, and the dryads and the Demeter cabin taught her about agriculture and wildlife. At the end of it all I was thoroughly exhausted. I hadn't even gotten to say hi to Annabeth. Of course that worked me up a large appetite when it was time for dinner. I couldn't wait. As soon as that horn sounded I was the first into the dining pavilion. I grabbed a heapful of food and tossed a brisket and some fruit into the brazier. I dug in. I talked with Jason since I sat at his table. We caught up a bit but I won't go into too much detail. I slept during the sing-along and right as I was about to walk into my cabin... "Thalia Grace!" Annabeth. Enough said. I braced my self for the bear hug she enclosed me in. "Annie..Can't...breath!" I gasped. "So, you come back and don't even say hi to me! How's that a way to treat your best friend? And don't call me Annie!" She exclaimed. "1)Sorry, 2) Bree had me occupied all day, and 3) Annie, Annie, Annie." I smiled. She glared at me about that last part. Then she smiled," Yeah Bree can be a handful. Your lucky you haven't been here for one of her temper tantrums." "I bet. Well, I'll catch up with you tomorrow because I am three seconds away from passing out." "Alright. Thalia?" "Yeah?" "Why is the new kid following you around?" "He's what?! " "He's been following you around all day haven't you noticed?" " No! I'm having words with this kid tomorrow. Good Night, Annie."I slammed the cabin door and flopped on my bed. I woke up feeling great. No weird prophetic dreams or apocalyptic nightmares about the end of the world. Now I just had to deal with all the reunions. Surprisingly though, I'd rather just hang out with Nico probably because he is the only one who acts like I'm just another person that's what I love about him. Whoa...did I just think love ...no no no i was just expressing what I admire about him not that I love him right? Gods, if Aphrodite is meddling in my life I will personally bitch slap her. Thunder boomed. "Yes, I said it Dite! Deal with it!" I yelled at nothing in particular. Jason looked at me funny. I stuck my tongue out at him and headed to breakfast. I had some eggs, toast and milk. Epic breakfast right? I remembered that I had to talk to Aiden and I was just about to go wait in the sword arena when Bree tackles me for the second time in two days. "Thwalia!" She shrieks. I suppress my laughter at her outfit. She was wearing sky blue overalls with orange and yellow leggings underneath. Underneath, her shirt was bright pink, like, neon. "Who dressed you this morning?" I asked horrified at the thought of Bree walking around in that. "Pwercy did!" Now I understand. "Hey Thals." He came over. "Kelp Head!" I smacked his head, "Why would you put her in this?!" "I thought it was adorable...I don't know, okay? Usually Annabeth dresses her and Annabeth is currently engrossed in some project or another. So, I decided to try and dress her." He said sheepishly. "Come on, sweetie. Let's go get you dressed." I said sweetly glaring at Percy. When I walked into Cabin Three I felt bad for Percy. He had three new siblings excluding Bree. There was Sarah, she was thirteen. Sarah is from Great Britain so she has an accent. She had the same raven black hair as Percy and sea-green eyes. Her hair fell in waves down her back. She wasn't as optimistic as he was though. She was a Gothic type, really dark and moody. But she