AN: Sorry! I just couldn't help it XD You Found Me Chapter 1: Solidarity "You're to be an ambassador for France, mon precieux. A taste of what we offer to him." A man spoke gently as a hand rested lightly on her shoulders. She was to be sent away. Banished, in her eyes, to a place far away from her family like the princesses that were sent to live in towers and castles to be rescued. "In time, we will join you again, when the moment is right. We will find you again, ma petite Fleur." x—x Fleur awoke from her dream, the same, reoccurring image of her father and mother sending her away when she was but a child. She didn't like it in Britain. It was always in a foggy daze and its people were stiff and judgmental. There was a loud banging on her bedroom door as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes and sat up in her queen sized bed. "Miss Delacour?" Her care taker called gently through the wooden door before it opened and the blonde teen glanced over with her icy blue eyes to see a woman, no more than thirty, dressed in a long black dress. "It's time to get up; we need get to Diagon Alley before you get on the train back to Hogwarts." Fleur groaned. "Yes, Tante Eliza." The woman caring for her wasn't really her aunt, but that's what Fleur called her. With gentle, hazel eyes and dirty blonde hair that was more often than not, pulled into a single braid, many people mistook her for Fleur's actual family. Eliza was a kind woman who couldn't provide any children of her own and as a result, her husband had left her a few months before Fleur had arrived when she was eleven. The door closed again and the blonde fell back onto her mattress with a sigh. She didn't enjoy Hogwarts; the school itself was a drafty castle that was too open for her liking in the fall and winter seasons. Regardless, Fleur swung her legs over the side of her bed and grabbed some clothes before making her way to her adjoining bathroom. This would be her fifth year at Hogwarts and in October, she'd be turning sixteen. As the warm spray of water washed over her porcelain skin, she put her hands on the tile wall and sighed again. Five years of solidarity from her country, her home, and more importantly, her family. Her father had promised they'd see each other again, but she had yet to see that promise fulfilled. Her mother would write to her periodically every year of so on holidays and her birthday, but other than that, she had no contact from either of them. More than anything, Fleur had hoped to watch her younger sister, nine years her junior, grow up. Gabrielle had only been two years old when she'd left and now her sister would be seven since the past August. The silvery blonde let out another sigh as she lathered her hair and rinsed it before looking down at her hands that were starting to prune. There was a loud squeak as she turned the nozzle to halt the flow of water and stepped out into the steamy bathroom. She looked at her reflection in the hazy mirror, all she could make out were her cobalt blue eyes that were staring back at her as she grabbed her towel and began readying herself for the day. The window groaned loudly as she opened it just a hair to let the steam escape and rid herself of the stifling humidity. When Fleur stepped out of the bathroom she saw that Eliza had laid out a black robe for her along with her neatly folded school robes and freshly washed scarves and slacks. Cerulean eyes caught the glint of silver and green of the Prefect badge that lay atop of one of her ties. Her brow furrowed slightly in irritation before picking it up and slipping it into her shoulder bag and packing her school robes into her trunk, slamming it shut with a huff. x—x The day was surprisingly pleasant for England, the sun hanging lazily in the sky as only a few clouds wafted slowly on the breeze. Fleur watched them through unamused eyes as she followed Eliza through the busy streets of Diagon Alley, students getting last minute provisions before going to King's Cross Station to catch the Hogwarts Express. "Just need to grab you something in here." They had paused outside of Wiseacre's Wizarding Equipment and Eliza turned before smiling gently at Fleur who looked a bit indifferent with her dark grey button up blouse, arms folded neatly over her chest. "Wait out here a moment, won't you?" "Of course, Tante." Fleur answered calmly as the sandy haired woman nodded and disappeared into the shop. The blonde turned around, leaning her back against the brick outcrop of the building as she waited for her care-taker. Her ears perked when she heard the drawl of an all too familiar voice she dreaded to hear so soon. "Miss Delacour," Blue eyes glanced up to see Lucius Malfoy his son, Draco, approaching. She inwardly groaned before standing up straight and smoothing her shirt. "Good to see you, here to get the last few supplies for school?" "Yes, Mr. Malfoy." The girl replied calmly as she looked into his grey eyes and then down at Draco. "Hello, Draco, how was your summer?" Oh how Fleur hated small talk, small talk with a Malfoy especially. All they really wanted to talk about were themselves. "Very good," Draco answered and Fleur began to block out the boy's annoying voice as she nodded and replied when appropriate while he bragged on about his latest broomstick and how he was sure they were going to win ever quidditch game this coming season because of it. Her eyes wandered as she caught a flash of honey browned locks bouncing by along with a red head and a dark haired boy. "Potter." Draco spat suddenly and snapped the blonde girl out of her trance. "They didn't take your wand away?" Fleur looked over Draco's shoulder and saw Harry Potter with his entourage, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, all glaring at the three blondes with malice. Gryffindors and Slytherins were born to conflict, though Fleur never really understood why. Sure, her house favored pure blooded wizards and witches, but that didn't mean everyone felt that way or shared that view. "You wish, Malfoy." Harry hissed as his hands clenched into fists and green eyes glared at the boy. "And I didn't even need my father to bribe the judges." Fleur couldn't help but smirk at the insult as she folded her arms over her chest and sighed. She watched as Draco stepped forward with a scowl. "At least my father is alive." Potter's eyes widened as rage filled his green orbs and Ron put a hand on his shoulder to hold him back. Feeling sorry for the boy, and relating to him in some aspect, Fleur stepped forward and grabbed Draco by the shoulder, pulling him backwards. "What the bloody hell…?" "That was uncalled for, Malfoy." Fleur whispered in his ear as her eyes hardened. "And here I thought your family had more dignity and respect for the dead." For some reason, the Malfoys were always more than accommodating to the blonde, supposedly for the leverage her family held in France, but Fleur ignored it. Draco frowned and looked away as she released him, Eliza choosing that moment to exit the store. "Oh, Mr. Malfoy, and young Draco," She said kindly, with a stiff, almost irritated cadence in her voice. "How nice to see you, and Mr. Potter and his friends." Eliza saw the anger in Fleur's eyes and gently laid a hand on her shoulder. "Come, Fleur, we should head to the station." The girl nodded as she glared at Draco and Mr. Malfoy, then at the three Gryffindors, the fiery gaze of Hermione Granger trained on her figure. A smirk threatened to pull at her lips, but she held it back as she turned and followed her aunt towards the train station. "I can't stand that family." The blonde growled as she followed Eliza and shook her head to rid herself of the encounter. "I've never met anyone so pompous in my entire life." "They hold a lot of pull within the Ministry," Eliza said with a sigh as they went up the stairs into the station and walked onto the platform towards 9 ¾. "So just try not to anger them, I'd hate to see you troubled because you got on the wrong side of the Malfoys." "I can be polite, if that's what you're asking." Fleur retorted sternly as the pair finally walked briskly through the barrier and were greeted with the Hogwarts Express. "But I can assure you, that's as far as my relationship with Malfoy will go." "I'm not asking you to marry the boy." The older woman smirked as Fleur rolled her eyes and lifted her shrunken trunk from her pocket, setting it on the ground as Eliza waved her wand, returning it to normal size. "Just, don't do anything to provoke him or his father, agreed?" "Yes, Tante." The girl answered lazily as she pushed her trunk into the pile with others that were congregating. Fleur turned to Eliza and smiled softly, she never really smiled much, in her mind, she didn't have much to smile about, but she did love Eliza for taking care of her. "Thank you for everything." "Oh, before I forget." Eliza dipped her hand into her coat pocket and pulled out a small, black velvet box and handed it to Fleur. "It's an early birthday present." Fleur looked into soft brown and green irises with a bit of surprise as she opened the small box and was greeted with a bright, glistening sapphire, smoothed and polished to a silky finish. The gem was set in white gold and had a silver, intricate 'D' encased in the middle. "'Liza…" Fleur whispered as she removed the ring and slid it onto her right middle finger, fitting it snugly and examining it in the light. "It's beautiful, thank you." Eliza smiled as Fleur, uncharacteristically, moved forward and embraced the older woman. Fleur Delacour was never very affectionate, possibly from the fact that she had been sent away at a young age, but her aunt had showed her a large amount. Physical touch always seemed to make the blonde teen uncomfortable, but in the time she'd been with Eliza, she'd never received a gift like this from her. "You're welcome, Fleur." The taller woman smiled as she gently draped her arms over the girl's shoulders. "I thought you'd like a little reminder of your family and who you are. I know being taken away at such a young age is hard, especially coming to a place you've never been to live with someone you don't know, but I see you as family." Fleur pulled away and gently combed her fingers through her hair. "Thank you, for everything." The young Delacour returned to her stoic persona and sighed. "I will write you when I get to school." Fleur slung her shoulder bag over her right arm and gave a small smile to her aunt. "Good bye, Tante." "Have a good trip, Fleur." Eliza smiled as she waved and Fleur boarded the train as the steam from the train began to fill the platform. "I hope you stay safe." She added as she watched the young blonde disappear. x—x The trip to Hogwarts was long and tedious as Fleur sat in her own compartment, away from the other Slytherin Prefect and any others in general. She sighed softly as she gazed out the window, watching the country scenery go by, gently running her thumb over the smooth, rounded gem on her