Rohini and Harry Potter were quite the interesting twins. For one thing they had both survived perilous situation not once, not twice, but three time in twelve years. They also happened to be wizards and students at Hogwarts, one of the most famous Wizardly Schools in the world. And just like any students, they found themselves with homework that they had to do in secret at night. The reason behind it was that the two of them lived with the Dursleys, their only family still alive. Aunt Petunia, Uncle Vernon and their cousin Dudley were Muggles, which meant they had no magical powers. They were also extremely abusive and despised magic more than anything in the world. Like the previous summer, Uncle Vernon had locked the twins' school supplies into the cupboard under the stairs and forbidden them to try to get them. Of course, he wasn't aware of Rohini's talent at unlocking things with a hairpin and ignored that the twins were doing their homework at midnight, hiding with a flashlight under their blanket. "Rohini, can I borrow your ink?" Harry asked from his bed. "I just finished mine. Rohini?" He called again in a low voice to avoid waking up his Uncle. When his sister didn't react, Harry sighed and stood up, turning his flashlight off and pushing his blanket away. "Rohini!" He said and his sister's face finally emerged from under her blanket with a frown. "I called you twice already." "Sorry for being half deaf." Rohini said, deadpan. An accident at the pool when they were younger had made her lose the hearing equivalent of 35 decibels. Since then, she had been talking slightly louder than most people and would miss a few words in a hushed conversation. "Ah, sorry." Harry said. "I was wondering if I could borrow your ink?" "Sure." Rohini said with a nod. "I just finished my essay on Witch Burning anyway." "I wish I was as fast as you." Harry sighed before frowning as Rohini grimaced. "You're ok?" "Yeah, it's nothing." Rohini lied, looking away. Her left hand was clenched around her right arm. Truth was, Rohini suffered from Phantom Pain from time to time, usually at night. It was due to the fact that two months ago, in the Chamber of Secrets, the twins had fought a Basilisk and as she killed it with the Gryffindor sword that Harry had picked up, Rohini had been bitten by one of the creature's venomous fangs. If it hadn't been for Fawkes the Phoenix and his healing tears, she would have died that day. The wound didn't exist anymore; there wasn't even a scar left. Yet Rohini's body hadn't forgotten the unbearable pain as she got poisoned. The bed cracked as Harry sat next to Rohini, embracing his knees with his chin on top of them. "We went through a lot, didn't we?" He asked her. Rohini said nothing; they had never taken the time to talk about all the bad things that had happened, only the good ones. Rohini wasn't sure why exactly. Maybe they liked to pretend it had never happened, that they were just normal twins. Of course, they were far from normal. They were the Twins Who Lived and Harry was the boy who defeated Lord Voldemort, the Darkest Wizard of all time. A sudden meow made the twins jump; Thranduil, Rohini's cat, was staring at them with his big blue eyes. Rohini smiled and pet the bed, inviting her cat to join this little family moment. Harry scratched the Siamese cat under his chin and Thranduil seemed to appreciate it. "So." Rohini said, sitting up. "Want to talk about it?" "I dunno." Harry admitted. "Do you?" Rohini shrugged. "If Luna was here, she'd say it could do us some good." She said. Luna Lovegood was a fellow Ravenclaw and a good friend of her. She was one year younger than she and Padma, her best friend. "Ok." Harry said with a nod. "Ok." He repeated. "You don't have to if you don't feel like it yet." Rohini told him with a hand on his shoulder. "It can wait. It's not like I'm going anywhere." She had and Harry smiled. "Me neither, not after the disaster with Ron." He said and Rohini grunted at the memory. Ron Weasley, who was one of Harry's best friends, came from a whole family of wizards. This meant that he knew a lot of things Harry didn't, but had never used a telephone before. Still, Harry had given him his phone number but most unluckily it had been Uncle Vernon who had answered the call, a week ago. "Vernon Dursley speaking." "HELLO? HELLO? CAN YOU HEAR ME? I—WANT—TO—TALK—TO—HARRY—POTTER!" Ron was yelling so loudly that Uncle Vernon jumped and held the receiver a foot away from his ear, staring at it with an expression of mingled fury and alarm. Rohini and Harry, who had been in the kitchen at that time, had frozen at Ron's voice. "WHO IS THIS?" Uncle Vernon roared in the direction of the mouthpiece. "WHO ARE YOU?" "RON—WEASLEY!" Ron bellowed back, as though he and Uncle Vernon were speaking from opposite ends of a football field. "I'M—A—FRIEND—OF—HARRY'S—FROM—SCHOOL—" Uncle Vernon's small eyes swivelled around to the twins with quite an unfriendly expression. "THERE IS NO HARRY POTTER HERE!" he roared, now holding the receiver at arm's length, as though frightened it might explode. "I DON'T KNOW WHAT SCHOOL YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT! NEVER CONTACT ME AGAIN! DON'T YOU COME NEAR MY FAMILY!" And he threw the receiver back onto the telephone as if dropping a poisonous spider. The fight that had followed had been one of the worst ever. "HOW DARE YOU GIVE THIS NUMBER TO PEOPLE LIKE—PEOPLE LIKE YOU!" Uncle Vernon had roared, spraying the twins with spit before locking them into their bedroom for the rest of the afternoon. "Next time, tell Ron to stick to owl post." Rohini had told Harry as they stared at the door. After swearing that he wouldn't use her to send letters to any of his friends, Harry had been allowed to let his owl, Hedwig, out at night. Uncle Vernon had given in because of the racket Hedwig made if she was locked in her cage all the time. To be honest, Rohini could have picked the lock of her cage herself at night but it was safer to have their Uncle's agreement. The twins were still sitting in silence when Rohini gasped, pointing at her alarm clock with a smile. It was now past midnight, which meant today was their birthday. "Happy Birthday, Harry!" She said, ruffling his already messy hair. "I can't believe how much you've grown since the last one." "Happy Birthday, Rohini." Harry said with a smile. "And it's not my fault if you're pixie sized." "Oh, hush!" Rohini groaned, hitting him with her pillow and the two of them giggled before a loud snore from Uncle Vernon reminded them that they had to be quiet if they didn't wanted to wake him up. "I don't understand why I'm smaller than you. We're twins!" "I'm a boy." Harry said. "And I'm cooler. What's your point?" Rohini asked, making him rolled his eyes. Harry, though still rather small and skinny for his age, had grown a few inches over the last year. Rohini remembered the sweet time of her youth when she was taller of one inch. Now, Harry was slowly but surely growing one head taller than her. Their jet-black hair, however, were looking just the same; stubbornly untidy and identical length now that Rohini had finally gotten the haircut she wanted. "Hey, did you see that?" Rohini suddenly asked, looking at something in the sky. Silhouetted against the golden moon, and growing larger every moment, was a large, strangely lopsided creature, and it was flapping in their direction. Rohini jumped off her bed, followed by Harry and opened the window, waiting for the thing to come closer. It was sinking lower and lower until finally it soared over one of the street lamps and the twins grinned as they stepped aside to let three owls inside. Two of them were holding up the third, which appeared to be unconscious. They landed with a soft flump on Harry's bed, and the middle owl, which was large and gray, keeled right over and lay motionless. There was a large package tied to its legs. "Oh, Errol…" Rohini sighed as she picked up the Weasley's owl and gently caressed his feathers while Harry untied the cords around his legs. "You should put him in Hedwig's cage so he can rest." Harry suggested and Rohini nodded, kissing Errol's beak before putting him in the cage. Errol opened one bleary eye, gave a feeble hoot of thanks, and began to gulp some water. It didn't seem to please Hedwig who was one of the two other owls. She, too, was carrying a parcel and gave Harry an affectionate nip with her beak as he removed her burden, then flew across the room to join Errol. As for the third owl, a handsome tawny one, it probably belonged to school for as in addition to a third package, it was carrying a letter bearing the Hogwarts crest. Unlike Hedwig and Errol, it didn't rest and left as soon as his burden had been untied. "Smells like Birthday Presents to me." Rohini said with a large grin as the two of them sat down Harry's bed, beginning with Errol's package. "Our first birthday card!" Harry said as he ripped off the brown paper, and discovered a card with a present wrapped in gold. "Open it! Rohini urged him. Two pieces of paper fell out of the envelope: a letter and a newspaper clipping. The clipping had clearly come out of the wizarding newspaper, the Daily Prophet, because the people in the black-and-white picture were moving. It read: MINISTRY OF MAGIC EMPLOYEE SCOOPS GRAND PRIZE Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the Ministry of Magic, has won the annual Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw. A delighted Mr. Weasley told the Daily Prophet, "We will be spending the gold on a summer holiday in Egypt, where our eldest son, Bill, works as a curse breaker for Gringotts Wizarding Bank." The Weasley family will be spending a month in Egypt, returning for the start of the new school year at Hogwarts, which five of the Weasley children currently attend. "Wow, that's awesome! They deserve it after all they went through last year." Rohini said and Harry nodded. Their smile got even bigger as they look at the picture: all nine of the Weasleys were waving furiously at them, standing in front of a large pyramid. Plump little Mrs. Weasley; tall, balding Mr. Weasley; six sons; and one daughter. Right in the middle of the picture was Ron, tall and gangling, with his pet rat, Scabbers, on his shoulder and his arm around his little sister, Ginny. "Ginny looks much healthier, I'm glad." Rohini said. Her friend had been manipulated by the sixteen years old incarnation of Voldemort to do monstrous things during her first year at Hogwarts and Rohini truly hopped this year would go better for her. "What about the letter?" Harry picked up Ron's letter and unfolded it. Dear Harry, Rohini, Happy birthday! Look, I'm really sorry about that telephone call. I hope the Muggles didn't give you a hard time. I asked Dad, and he reckons I shouldn't have shouted. It's amazing here in Egypt. Bill's taken us around all the tombs and you wouldn't believe the curses those old Egyptian wizards put on them. Mum wouldn't let Ginny come in the last one. There were all these mutant skeletons in there, of Muggles who'd broken in and grown extra heads and stuff. I couldn't believe it when Dad won the Daily Prophet Draw. Seven hundred galleons! Most of it's gone on this trip, but they're going to buy