A/N: This is my first hunger games story so I hope you like it. It takes place after the first book and the story will go its own way. I own nothing its just a fan made story the characters and everything belongs to suzanne collins. It's just my ideas lol. A special thanks to my Beta: notagoodpenname you are simply the best! RATED M FOR A REASON! Chapter One: "I got something big for you and it's huge and I want you on it." Peeta says seductively with a grin as he walks towards me. Did those words just come out of his mouth? Did I miss something? "Want to know what it is?" He gets up on my bed and starts to crawl towards me. "Peeta..." I try to say but his mouth crashes onto mine. His lips are so soft and moist when he kisses me. I try to pull away but he only kissed me harder making me moan a little. He slowly leaned his body onto mine pushing me backwards on my bed. What the hell is going on? He breaks the kiss and in a husky voice asked again, "So do you want to know what it is Katniss?" His touch is so warm and his skin is so gentle and so soft. He rubs his hands up and down my leg slowly with a smirk on his face. As if I don't know what he's talking about by now. He starts to pull my nightgown up and I tense up a bit. He starts kissing me again; softly at first and I find myself kissing him back. As we continue our kisses get more intense, more powerful, more heated. He slides my nightgown off and breaks our kiss for a moment then crashes his lips back down on mine. I'm not stupid. I know what Peeta wants and I have a feeling he's going to get it. I mean, he is after all a victor now and every girl wants to be his. Every girl including me now. He moves down slowly and starts to kiss my neck. I let out a slight moan and he takes that as a sign that I like it. He starts sucking lightly on my neck nibbling at my skin and I let out a louder moan. He brushes his hand across my right breast and as I inhale my heart skips a beat. He smiles as he pulls his head up to looks at me. I could see lust in his eyes—and desire and passion and love... He brushes his fingers across my left breast playing with my nipple and puts his mouth on the other. My eyes literally roll into the back of my head as another moan escapes my lips. "Peeta." I moan again. His soft lips on my breast feels amazing as he sucks and flicks it with his tongue. He switches to my right breast now and starts to suck. His strong hands continue to play with the other his lips just left, keeping my nipple hard. "Peeta." I moan again putting my hands in his hair, gripping his blond locks. "I so want you." He whispers in my ear turning me on and making me feel a wetness between my legs. He slides his hand down my stomach, his fingertips just barely touching my skin causing me to shutter. "Let's get these off shall we?" He says and starts sliding my underwear off until I am completely naked in front of him. He moves his whole body down from me and I start to feel cold without his warm body enveloping me. Before I can protest his absence the warmth returns as he gently starts to kiss my toes, my feet, and my ankles as he makes his way up my legs. He moves them apart and puts his lips in a place I never thought he would. I inhale, shocked at how good it feels and how good he is. He slides his tongue in me and I moan throwing my head backwards against my pillow. He brings his hand up and starts to play with my clit with drives me crazy. "Peeta." I moan. "Don't stop Peeta, please don't stop." This seems to turn him on as he get more aggressive. I'm panting by now saying his name over and over. My body starts to tighten up and my moans get louder and louder until I reach my climax. "I want you." He groans as he repositions himself right on top of me. He kisses me again with more power and intensity than ever before. He moans against my lips and I find myself taking his shirt off. "Katniss." he continues to moan. "I want inside you." I start to fumble with his buttons and he quickly starts to help me—first with his shirt and then with his pants. I am surprised to find him with no underwear on. "What no boxers?" I tease with a laugh. "No," He kisses me again. "Just one less piece of clothing out of the way." he says into my mouth. As he breaks the kiss I can feel his strong hands spreading my legs. "Katniss I need you." He says again. I look down while running my hands down his back and he moans. He wasn't kidding about that something big and huge he wanted me on. He is so hard and so big I can't believe it. I am so horny and I move my hand down to touch him. I need to touch him. He moans softly and closes his eyes. "Katniss..." I start to stroke him up and down, not sure of what to do. As if he could read my mind he puts his hand over mind and starts to guide me. I started going faster and his moans get louder. He's so hard and I'm so turned on. "Katniss..." he moans again. I let go of his hard dick and he slowly starts to slide into me. "You're so tight." He groans which makes me moan with pleasure. He's all the way in now and he begins to move in and out of me. "Peeta." I moan. "Oh god Peeta." With that he starts to quicken his pace. His dick is so hard and feels so good as he slids all the way in and out of me. "Peeta." I whimpered and dig my nails into his back, making him moan loudly and crash his lips onto mine... "KATNISS!" my name is being yelled. I open my eyes and shoot up in shock. I'm panting as if I were out of breath and my heart is racing. Oh my god...I cannot believe that just happened. I haven't really seen him in over a month even though it seems like just yesterday when we stepped off of the train to get welcomed back as victors in our district. That couldn't be right though out of all the people in District 12 it was him, Peeta Mellark the bakers son, who entered my dream. I, Katniss Everdeen of all people, just had the most vivid sex dream about Peeta and to my surprise, I am smiling and a little turned on. Does this mean I actually like him as more than a casual friend? "Katniss!" my little sister Prim yells back up to me, "Wake up, wake up, wake up!" I hear her footsteps thudding up the stairs as she yells. "Katniss!" I sigh and sit up knowing now I won't be able to fall back asleep. I rub my eyes with my hands wiping the crusty stuff away. I glance over at my door and see Prim in a bright blue dress with two pigtail braids hanging loose on both sides of her head. "Yes little duck, what is it?" I ask in a quiet voice. "You'll never guess what mom told me downstairs!" she half yells at me. "Well..." she drifts off looking up before she stares back at me and says, "I'll just tell you because you'll never be able to guess it!" "Prim," I sigh. "You know you don't need to yell when I'm sitting right next to you right?" I tell her softly. "Sorry," She mumbles. "But guess what. Mom ran into Mrs. Mellark and they were talking about how they wanted to thank you for, you know… not killing Peeta and all." She pauses to take a breath. "Mom said we are invited over for dinner tonight. Isn't that great? I mean I know she was never nice to you and all before the games but she has wanted to thank you for some time now but never seems to see you around anymore." I put my hands up to my face and sigh. "Dinner with the Mellarks tonight?" I say through my hands. "Why?" my voice is still scratchy from just waking up. "Tell mom I don't want to go okay." "Well," Prim smiles. "Mom said she wouldn't take no for an answer, and she also wants you to get out of the house and go buy two loafs of bread and some cinnamon bread with the icing from the bakery. Oh and to tell the Mellarks that yes we will be joining them tonight and to find out what time they would like us to come by." she is now smiling because she knows there's no way I'm liking this. "Why can't you go to the bakery?" I ask her. "I'll give you money." "Nope." she smiles, crossing her arms across her chest. "I have to go tend to my goat; sorry Katniss, looks like you get to see Peeta." I stare blankly at her. What did she mean by that? "I mean you must miss him and all because you kept saying his name in your sleep." she adds as if she could read my mind. "I was what in my sleep?" Oh my god I hope I wasn't saying anything else. "Yeah, I walked by earlier and you kept saying his name over and over again. Was it a bad dream or a good dream?" she teases. "Ugh!" I throw my face into my pillow. "I'll take that as a good dream." she adds and I hear the clicking of her shoes as she walks away. "Don't forget to go to the bakery. Mom wants the bread for breakfast." Her voice fades away and she's gone. I get up slowly and walk to the bathroom. My hair is a mess—half fallen out of my braid. My skin is also pale from the lack of sunlight caused by staying in the house all the time. I slide my nightgown off and walk over to the tub, getting in slowly. The water is still warm which brings a smile to my face. I wash my hair and body in a daze still thinking about my dream...about Peeta. I get out and dry off, putting my hair up in my french braid to the side. I put on my brown pants and black t-shirt followed by my boots and green jacket. I glance back at the mirror and sigh. This is as good as it's going to get. I head downstairs and go out the front door. The sun is beaming in the sky and is hot against my skin. I take a deep breath and start walking towards the bakery. It's been so long since I was outside. When I reach the bakery I stop in front of the window and look in. There he is with flour up his arms making bread and talking to his brother with a smile on his face. I wonder what they're talking about. Is Peeta blushing? "Hey there Katniss, long time no see. Where have you been hiding out since you and Peeta got back?" I have to turn to see who was talking to me as I am pulled back into reality. It's