AN: For The Cinder Crown for the Monthly One-Shot Exchange. Thanks to Web for looking over it :) I Wish I Could Go the the Ball Scorpius sinks into his desk chair and pulls the stack of cards towards him. He picks one up and reads the familiar words, shaking his head. How has he let his mother talk him into this? Dear household, As we're sure you're aware, Prince Scorpius is coming of age this year. The palace will be hosting a ball in his honour, and any eligible females between the ages of sixteen and twenty-two are invited to attend as we will be aiming to find him a future bride. Alongside finding a partner for Prince Scorpius, we will also be seeking a husband for his younger sister, Princess Cassiopeia, and all eligible males within the sixteen to twenty-two bracket are also welcome in attendance, as are any parents and guardians of the invitees. If you plan to attend, please arrive at the palace no later than 20:00 on Friday 15th December. Kindest regards, The Royal Family. There are hundreds, maybe even thousands, of cards in boxes all around the room. Scorpius pulls out a pen and begins signing the cards on his desk. He had tried to convince his mother to digitally add his signature to the card, but his mother insisted that both he and Cassie sign each card by hand. There's a knock on the door, and Scorpius looks up to see Cassie walking into the room, massaging her hand. "How many have you done?" she asks, gesturing at the cards in front of him as she takes a seat next to the bookcase. "Not many. Fifty, perhaps," Scorpius says, groaning. "You?" "I just finished my first box." There's a smug grin on Cassie's face as she gloats about her achievement. "I still don't see why Mother made us do it all by hand." "Because it's more authentic," Cassie says. There's a wistful tone in her voice that gives away the fact that she's secretly pleased. Scorpius just shakes his head and turns back to the cards. "Mother!" Elias Greengrass yells, running into the kitchen, a letter held high above his head. "Look what came. It has the royal seal!" Daphne snatches the letter out of his hand, rips it open, and skims the card inside, a sly smile cutting across her face. "Penelope," she calls. A moment later a plump girl trudges into the kitchen. "What?" she asks, her face full of annoyance at being disturbed. "You've been invited to a ball, both you and Elias." She holds the card out in front of her and reads aloud, "'any eligible females between the ages of sixteen and twenty-two are invited to attend… and all eligible males within the sixteen to twenty-two age bracket are also welcome in attendance.' They're looking for a future bride and groom for the prince and princess!" Penelope's mouth drops open in shock before her face lights up, all traces of irritation disappearing. Elias also looks pleased, although he's trying to hide it. Lily looks up from the plate she's currently washing. "Does… does that mean I can go, too, Daph– Mother?" "Don't be ridiculous," Daphne snaps. "But I'm sixteen," Lily argues, albeit rather timidly. "I'm the right age." "But you have nothing to wear, silly girl! And the prince wouldn't want to marry someone as lowly as you. You'd only make a fool out of yourself." A sneer spreads across Daphne's face. Lily's used to seeing it; it seems to be permanently attached any time Daphne so much as looks Lily's way. "Now, get back to those dishes—they aren't going to clean themselves." Daphne turns to the table and drops the card onto it, missing—or, more likely, ignoring—the smug look Penelope sends Lily's way. Lily sighs as the three Greengrasses exit the room, wishing for the day to come when she's eighteen and able to escape this hellhole like James and Albus did. As soon as James turned eighteen, he left, offering to take Albus and Lily with him. Daphne wouldn't allow it, however, saying that he wasn't fit to be a guardian. Really, she just wanted to keep them around so somebody other than her could do the chores—the pool of money she had once had to pay for help dried up when her first husband passed. Wandering over to the table, Lily picks up the card. It has been hand signed by both the prince and princess; she can feel the indents the pen has made. They must be incredibly dedicated, she thinks, realising they must have sent thousands of these cards out to homes across the country. Returning to the sink, Lily picks up a bowl and continues washing. She finds herself staring out the window as she methodically wipes the sponge back and forth, wishing for a miracle to help her get to the ball. For Lily, the days leading up to the ball are a blur of wishes and envy. Any time she sees a stray eyelash, a shooting star, or a drifting ball of dandelion fluff, only one thing goes through her mind. I wish I could go to the ball. She spends her free time, what little she has of it, hauled up in her room, searching through her belongings for something, anything she could wear that Daphne might find acceptable. She isn't naive, she knows that even if she finds something, Daphne won't let her go, but there's a glimmer of hope within Lily that she won't let die. Then, at the bottom of an old trunk, Lily finds the dress she had unconsciously been searching for. It was an old dress of her mother's, deep red with gold woven throughout to make it shimmer. There was even a pair of gold shoes that would match perfectly. " Mother ," Lily starts at dinner that night, trying her best to hide the grimace as she calls Daphne her mother. "I know you said I couldn't go to the ball because I have nothing to wear, but if I do manage to find something, is there any chance I could go? Please." "Well," she replied, a sly smile spreading across her face. Lily knows this expression all too well; there's no way she'll be able to go to the ball. " If you happen to find something I deem acceptable for royal company, and if you complete all of your chores then I suppose you may attend the ball." "Thank you," Lily replies. "What?" Penelope screams. "You can't mean that, Mother! She can't come with us." "My dear," Daphne replies, her voice calm and the smile spreading wider, "I never said she would be coming with us." Lily feels her heart plummet as she realises what that means. Even so, the glimmer of hope remains and she refuses to give up. She will complete her chores and present herself to Daphne, and she will find a way to get to the ball. Scorpius watches himself smoothing down his jacket in the mirror, his hand stopping when it comes to a loose bit of thread and picking at it, hoping to ease his nerves. He isn't sure when he started getting nervous for the ball, but suddenly the date was coming far too quickly and the daunting task of finding himself a future wife is all that he's been able to think about for the last two weeks. He hears the bedroom door open and his gaze rises, watching his sister in the mirror as she enters the room. "Mother has really outdone herself this time," he tells her as he takes in the ensemble Cassie is wearing. The dress she's wearing is long and emerald green, elegant silver stonework covers the majority of the bust in patterns that make it look as though snakes are slithering down towards her stomach. Her hair has been transformed from the usual limp waves that frame her face into a magnificent up-do. The jewellery she is adorned with perfectly matches the stonework on her dress. She looks more regal than Scorpius has ever seen her look before, and he knows there will be plenty of boys making a fool of themselves for her attention tonight. The day is long and arduous, everywhere Lily turns there's a new mess to clean. She has to clean the kitchen four times and the lounge twice because Penelope and Elias keep doing everything they can to ensure Lily won't have time to find a dress and get ready before the ball. As the time draws near, Lily makes her way upstairs to help Penelope and Daphne get ready; combing their hair, lacing their gowns, and fixing their jewellery in place. Lily rushes out of the room as soon as she's free to leave, tearing up the stairs to her own room and slamming the door behind her, ripping her clothes off as she crosses the room to where her dress is hanging from her wardrobe. She pulls it over her head, slips on the shoes and rushes to her door again, pausing briefly at her mirror to comb her hair into something that looks respectable. She wishes she had time to shower, but Lily knows that you can't have everything. "Daphne, erm, Mother!" Lily calls as she reaches the bottom of the stairs. Daphne enters the hall from the lounge and takes in Lily's appearance. Lily thinks she gasps a little, but she can't be sure. "Well, that won't do!" Daphne snaps. "Your hair is a mess, and you haven't even showered." She sniffs and wrinkles her nose. Lily knows she can't smell that bad so it must be for dramatic effect. "There is no way you can attend the ball like that." At that moment, Lily hears footsteps behind her. She turns to see who was coming down the stairs just as Penelope trips on the last step, dropping a jug of red wine that covers Lily from head to toe. Daphne lets out a mocking laugh. "There's no time for you to change now. Make sure that's cleaned up before we return." Elias joins them and the three turn their backs on Lily, march out of the front door, and climb into their carriage. As the door swings shut behind them, Lily sees a shooting star. "I wish I could go to the ball." "And so you shall!" a sing-song voice says behind her. Lily jumps. As she turns around, she sees a plump old lady who seems to be floating in the air. "Who are you?" she asks abruptly, annoyance seeping into her voice. "I'm you fairy godmother, dear," she says, a warm smile on her face that does nothing to make Lily feel any better. "Well, you took your time," she snaps. "I've been wishing for a way to the ball for weeks!" "Even miracles take a little time, my dear." The words finally sink in and Lily understands what's going on. "You mean… I'm going to the ball?" she asks hopefully. "Of course, dear." Lily's chest grows warm with excitement before she remembers the state of her dress. "But what will I wear? My dress is ruined." "Oh, I can sort that out no problem!" The fairy godmother flicks her wand above Lily's head. Lily feels a warmth spread through her as the damp gown transforms. Looking down, she sees it has become a light blue, so light it appears almost silver, and is more beautiful than anything she's worn in her life. "It's so pretty!" Lily gushes. "Thank you so much." "Hold still, dear," the fairy godmother replies as Lily tries to rush off. "You can't keep wearing those shoes, and your hair is still covered in wine." "Oh, of course…" The fairy godmother flicks her wand once more and Lily feels her hair rise into an up-do. Looking down, she sees the shoes which were once golden are now much more delicate