QLFC Round 5 – What's in a Name? Cannons, Beater One (reserve): Petunia (as inspired by Petunia Dursley) – Write about a character holding anger and resentment towards someone they love. AN: Warning for canon character death (you don't see it, but it's mentioned a lot) Thanks so much to Shay and Mags for betaing for me :3 George Weasley, A Brother Abandoned 2nd May 1998 "Crucio!" "Stupefy!" "Impedimenta!" George heard the screams of spells being fired from everywhere around him as he raced through the castle. He clutched his wand tightly in his hand, firing curses at anyone wearing a black hood as he ran as fast as he could. There was an explosion higher up in the castle followed by a series of screams that mingled with those from the fights nearby. George hoped nobody on his side had been hurt, but he didn't have time to think about them—there was a war to win. Something was wrong, something was very wrong, but he couldn't work out what. All he knew was that he had to get to Fred. Whatever it was that was making George feel like the world was crashing down around him, whatever it was that was making George feel like nothing was right anymore, would be made easier with his twin by his side. He tore up the nearest staircase, taking them two at a time. At each floor, George listened out for fights, rushing to each one in case Fred was part of it. He never was. Eventually, he reached the site of the explosion—he knew it was the place from the hole in the wall through which giant spiders were crawling. It's a good job Ron isn't here, George thought to himself with a chuckle. There were too many for George to fight on his own. Instead, he wheeled around and retreated as quietly as possible, hoping not to attract their attention. In his haste, he missed the splatter of blood covering the fallen section of wall and the stray wand abandoned by its deceased owner. The sinking feeling returned. Fred was nowhere to be seen. The only place George hadn't checked was the Room of Requirement, but he had no way to get there as the only path was currently overrun by acromantula. He battling a Death Eater on the third floor when Lord Voldemort's voice filled his head and the ceasefire began. " You have one hour. Dispose of your dead with dignity. Treat your injured." Dead. The word kept repeating itself in George's mind as he fired one last spell at the Death Eater that refused to stop fighting even though he was commanded to. Dead. It was all he could think as he raced through the castle to the bottom floor. Dead. It was all he could do to keep running and not sink to the floor in defeat. Dead. There was a weight to that word that chilled George to his core. Dead. There was something deep inside him that feared the very worst and knew it to be true. Dead. George took a deep breath, steeling himself for whatever awaited him in the Great Hall. He tried to shake the word from his head, but as soon as he crossed the threshold of the room, Ginny ran to him, arms flying around his waist and tears pouring down her face, and he knew. Fred Weasley, George's twin brother and best friend in the whole world, was dead. 9th May 1998 The Ministry had been quick and efficient in arranging funerals after the commencement of the Battle of Hogwarts. They realised the families of the dead would want to lay their fallen kin to rest as soon as they could, and that they wouldn't be in the right frame of mind to do it themselves—especially those that had lost several people during the final battle. Owls were sent out the following day with a date, time, and location for every witch and wizard that had fallen. Fred's was set for eleven o'clock on the morning of the ninth of May. "Thank you," George muttered to Hermione and Harry as they helped him get ready that morning. Hermione rooted around in his wardrobe, pulling out the most garish, brightly-coloured set of robes George owned ("He wouldn't want us all to be wearing black and looking miserable," George had said, prompting Hermione to alter her own black dress so it became bright red and Harry's robes to become a fluorescent green). Harry helped him through to the bathroom where he prompted George to shower and shave so he looked presentable. Since Fred's death, George had been in an almost trance-like state. He stayed locked away in his room at the Burrow, not even venturing out for meals, staring at the bed that used to be Fred's. He rarely slept, for when he did, his dreams were filled with images of Fred dying in various situations—he had, of course, been told what had happened by Harry and Hermione (Ron was still too upset to speak about it), but as he hadn't seen it himself, his mind produced horrifying scenes that George did not wish to see ever again. He hadn't even washed since it happened, flecks of dried blood were still matted into his hair. The journey to the graveyard was done by car; Ministry officials arranged transport and security for the family that had been at the forefront of the action. There was nobody in the Wizarding World that did not know how much the Weasleys had achieved, and as the procession of cars made their way from the Burrow, the streets were lined with witches and wizards throwing flowers and shouting their condolences. When they reached the graveyard, there were photographers and reporters filling the surrounding area, clamouring to get to the family for an interview. Thankfully, the Ministry had foreseen this happening and a charm had been cast that did not let anyone working for the media cross into the actual site. The chapel they funeral was being held in was beautiful; high ceilings, beams, stained glass windows… it was everything somebody could wish for, and all George could think was, Fred wouldn't want this. As the funeral started, George stared blankly at the casket, willing his twin to jump out and tell them it had all been a prank, that he was alive and well. It didn't happen. The funeral progressed as it should, friends and family giving speeches. George had been asked if he wanted to speak, but how could he? What could he say about Fred? He didn't have the words necessary to explain how much his twin had meant to him, and how much it hurt that he had been left alone. George could never forgive himself for not being there as Fred died, but a small part of him was furious that Fred hadn't tried harder to get back to him. Who was Fred to leave George alone during the Battle? Who was Fred to spend his last moments with Percy of all people? Who was Fred to not give George that last goodbye he so desperately needed? Who was Fred to take every ounce of happiness from George's life and leave with it? He loved Fred, loved him as much humanly possible, but that didn't stop George from letting anger flare up inside him. It didn't stop him from throwing the first handful of dirt into Fred's coffin with such force that it made his family flinch. And it didn't stop him vowing never to return to Fred's grave until he got the apology from Fred that he felt he deserved. 2nd May 1999 "No," George said, stone-faced as he lowered himself into his recliner. "George, it's the one-year anniversary of Fred's death. You have to come," Ginny said, her voice full of desperation. "No," he repeated. "But—" "Ginny, I'm not going. Just leave it," he snapped. Ginny's face fell, and George immediately regretted being so harsh with her. He knew that Ginny only wanted to help, that she wanted the whole family to be together, but how could the whole family be together when Fred had deserted them? He sat back in his chair and Ginny glared at him. Eventually, she marched out of the room, slamming the door behind her. Truthfully, the reason George couldn't go was because he didn't want to see his family. He didn't want to see the sympathetic looks he received from everybody he knew. The only person George needed to see right now was Fred, and the traitor had deserted him a year ago. Then he thought about Fred. He thought about what Fred's reaction would be to his behaviour and sighed—Fred would insist he went, that he be there to support their mother. Fred had always been the more empathetic one. George stood, shrugged on a coat, and walked out of the door, hoping to catch Ginny before she left Diagon Alley. The Burrow was a sombre place. Everywhere he looked, people were staring down into their drinks to avoid eye contact with the person they were speaking in hushed tones to. George hated it. He hated how quiet the Burrow had been for the last year. He'd stopped coming after Christmas Day had been spent in almost silence, especially after his mother had burst into tears upon realising she'd knitted Fred a jumper that he'd never wear. It's all his fault, George thought, kicking the ground as he made his way over to the table full of drinks. He poured himself a Firewhiskey, downed it, and then poured himself another. Everywhere he looked, he saw mournful faces, and he kept expecting Fred to pop out from behind one of them to crack a joke. He'd been doing that a lot over the last year, and he was left disappointed every time. Fred had never disappointed George before, until he died. Since then it had been one disappointment after another. He tipped his head back and poured his drink down his throat. I shouldn't be here, George thought. He doesn't deserve it. He slammed his empty glass down on the table and marched to the fireplace. "Weasley's Wizard Wheezes," he said as he threw the shimmering powder into the fire. "George, wait," a voice said behind him. He didn't. George stepped into the flames and felt the familiar whirling sensation as he waited for the fire to spit him out in his own home. 2nd May 2000 "There's no way I'm going back, Ron," George told him. "Not after last year." "What was wrong with last year?" Ron asked seeming genuinely confused. "The looks everyone was giving me, like I was going to break at any moment. And everyone was so miserable. He wouldn't have wanted that, he would have wanted everyone to be lively." "It's a sad day, mate. Fred wasn't the only one that was lost." "He wasn't lost," George snapped. "He left. He died and left me on my own." "You're not alone," Hermione piped up. She'd been quiet since she and Ron arrived, George assumed it was because she was too scared to say something that would upset him. "You have your family, you have us." George let out a dry laugh. "Yeah, like any of you compare." How could they? George thought. How could anybody replace him? George had lost his best friend, his twin, the person he trusted most in the world. Fred was better than anyone he'd ever met. He gave George unrealistic standards that nobody could ever live up to. How could George trust anybody again after the one person he trusted more than anyone in the world left him stranded in a life that he didn't know how to navigate? "George, please—" Hermione started, but Ron cut her off. "Don't bother, Hermione," he said darkly. "You're not going to change his mind." George watched as the pair left, thankful that he didn't have to