Shout out to Capricorn75 for being the best beta in the whole world. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Promise. ...in which both my parents act like assholes RPOV. Hurriedly, I stuff a bunch of t-shirts, underwear, and shoes into my Vera Bradley duffle bag. A few stray tears fall from my eyes. I wipe at them quickly. The cab I had called earlier is sitting outside and if I don't get my act together, it's probably going to leave without me. I sling the bag over my shoulder, grab my keys, and fly out the door as quickly as I can, so as not to run into my mother. Ugh, that bitch . I so cannot even deal with her right now. Throwing my bag in the cab, I plop down heavily and let out a huge sigh. "Well, hey there, pretty girl." For some reason, if your face is super symmetrical, your eyes are really bright, and you have a really great hair – all of which usually translates into beautiful for most people – everyone feels the need to comment on it all the time. Which is fine. I like compliments as much as the next girl and normally I accept them because I know they're just trying to be nice, but today, right now, I am in absolutely no mood. I roll my eyes and bark out, "32 Manning Street, please." He nods and as I close the door drives off. I'm sitting there stewing in my thoughts, my arms crossed against my chest when the cab driver asks, "Are you okay, Miss?" I look up at him and take in his appearance. I've never understood people who are completely bald yet have extremely long, thick beards. Yuck. "I'm fine." He laughs lightly. "You don't look fine." Inwardly, I roll my eyes. "Well, I am." He clicks his tongue, shaking his head. "You know it's never a good idea to keep all that stuff bottled up. One day you'll just -" He makes the sound of an explosion with his mouth. "Explode. Uncle Tony is not a big fan of pretty girls like yourself exploding." I scrunch up my face. What the hell is he talking about? "Who the hell is Uncle Tony?" He grins wide and winks at me in his rearview mirror. "I'm Uncle Tony." Oh my god, is he really referring to himself in the third person? I glare at him through his rearview mirror. Is he really trying to impart wisdom on me right now? "Well, I'll keep that advice in mind, cab driver ." He grumbles and doesn't bother me for the rest of the ride. Which is what I wanted. Ten minutes later when we reach my destination, I've started crying again. Annoyed at myself and at the cab driver, who's looking at me like I'm some pathetic little girl, but also like someone he wants to screw, I throw a $20 bill at him, jump out of the cab, and run up to the house. I rustle in my bag for my keys for a few minutes; my vision too blurry to really see anything but colors. Finally, I find them, unlock the door and drop my bag by the door. I walk straight to the living room, flicking on lights on my way. Uncle J is lounged on the couch, feet on the coffee table, playing on his Xbox, with a headset on, swearing at what's probably a 15 year-old boy. Typical bachelor. If he wasn't just two weeks shy of getting divorced, I would question why there wasn't a half naked girl somewhere. He is attractive enough to have any girl he wanted, really. Well, except for my mother. She is way too complicated for her own good. Jamming the buttons on the controller energetically he laughs, "Ha, ha. Take that, asswipe!" He doesn't notice my presence until I plop down next to him on the couch, laying my head heavily on his shoulder. He looks over at me swiftly, turns back to the game. He wraps his left arm around me, pulling me into his chest, and continues jamming buttons on the controller. "Aw, dammit." He swears angrily, then adds in response to whatever the person said on the other line. "You little fucker." I watch him play his video game for a few minutes until he dies. He sighs loudly, takes off his headset, placing his controller down next to it. I watch him pick up his phone, text my mother that I'm at his place, and slide the phone back into his back pocket. Uncle J is a good guy. He always makes sure to consider my mother's feelings in almost everything that concerns me. I'm sure when she noticed I wasn't at home that she would have been freaking out. "You always die at that level." I croak out, my voice hoarse from unshed tears. He groans loudly in agreement. "I know . I was playing with my nephew and he kept calling me pathetic. Little brat." "You're not pathetic." I hug him tighter, sighing. Tears springing to my eyes instantly. "I'm the pathetic one. I used to think I was stronger than this." "Hey," He looks down at me softly, running a hand through his hair. "You are one of the strongest people I know, Rosalie. And what you're going through is… the way you're handling it is just fine. It's okay to," He stumbles for the words for a few moments. "It's okay to act like a teenager sometimes, Rose. I feel like you don't know that. I feel like you think you need to be fearless all the time. I know your mother had you pretty young and you had to grow up really fast, but I swear to you that you're allowed to be hurt, you're allowed to be upset, you're allowed to cry." "I'm just so," I breathe out heavily, blinking tears out of my eyes. " Pissed at her. How could she keep something like this from me?" I pull back slightly to look him in his face. "How could you?" He wipes a heavy hand on his face and sighs loudly. "It wasn't… my place." I shake my head at him, disappointed. I get it, but it doesn't mean I don't hate him a little for it. I stand up angrily and head for the kitchen. I've been here so many times, I know this place like the back of my hand. I grab an apple from the fruit bowl, rinse it off, and search for the apple cutter thing. I hear the sounds of Uncle J's heavy feet and I know he's on his way over. He watches me move around his kitchen for a few moments while I do my best to ignore him in his own house. "Your mother says you can spend the night." He says, watching me carefully. The guest room of this house, which he used to share with Leah, is basically my room anyway. Anytime my mother has to work late or travel without me, I stay here. "I want to stay here." I gather my strength, making sure I have no tears present. I look him right in the eye. "I want to live here now. Like, for forever." Uncle J rolls his eyes at me and pulls himself up onto the counter. "Don't be a brat, Rose. I think running away twice in one week is doing a bit much." I narrow my eyes at him, grumbling. "I'm not being a brat. If my mother gets to make choices that affect me without any say on my end, I'm going to make choices that affect her." He laughs, shaking his head. Uncle J takes absolutely no bullshit. I got a lot of my personality traits from him and I think this one is definitely something I learned, too. "You are acting the very definition of a 'brat' right now." I hate that word. He and my mother love to sling that word around. As if the reason I do things and act a certain way is only to annoy them. I may be selfish, but they're selfish, too. "I don't think it's fair that I have to live with a horrible woman who lied to me for my entire life. She's awful. I hate her. I never want to see her again. And I never want to speak to her again. The End." He rolls his eyes again, looking at me with boredom. "Just when I think you're too mature for your own good, you go on reminding me how much of a teenager you really are." He's so annoying. I bite into one of my apple slices and chew angrily. "Welp. I'm a bitch, a brat, a hormonal teenager, selfish… is there anything else you'd like to add to that list?" "Yeah," He nods. "I think 'snotty' would be a good one." I glare at him and move to storm past him when he grabs my arm forcefully. He points to the space on top of the counter next to him. "Hop up." "I don't want to – " "Hop up, Rose." Huffing, I jump up onto the counter and sit as far away from him as I can. I look at him with irritated eyes. I feel a lecture coming on. "What?" I snap. He looks back at me and demands, "I don't ever want to hear you call your mother "horrible", "bitch", "awful" or-or any of the other names I heard you call her today. You can be angry at her, but you respect her. You understand?" Yup, a lecture. I do my best not to roll my eyes because I know that'll just make him angrier. "I'm so serious, Rose." Exasperatedly, I huff. "How can you ask me to a-a-agree to something like that when you know what she just did to me? I'm not just complaining because she lied to me about something superficial. This is real. This is huge. She took the opportunity for me to have a father away from me. Because why? Because she's selfish. Because she didn't want to think about him anymore. How is that fair? She held this huge secret and made both of our lives worse off for it and – " His eyes flash with anger. He points at me. "She is your mother . Everything she does, every action that she takes, every thought that she thinks, every decision that she makes – for the past almost 16 years – she has made with you in mind. Only you. Everything she does is for you, Rose." He turns away from me with a disgusted look on his face. "And for you to just sit here and call her 'selfish' after I watched her give up everything for you…. I-I-I… I watched her soothe your every fever, struggle to pay every bill, provide for you, give you everything that you needed and a little bit of what you wanted, and endure every tantrum that you've ever had – and with this one today that brings your count up to maybe, like, a million – it makes me really disappointed in you, Rosalie." The moment he says that I burst into heavy tears. The one thing I absolutely cannot stand is Uncle J saying he's disappointed in me. He's always understood me at a level I don't think anyone else can, even my mother, so to hear him say something like this hurts so badly. My mother, even though she's my mother, is probably my best friend. It's always been "me and her against the world" and even though sometimes she has to put on her mom pants in our relationship, she's always treated me as if I could handle whatever situation we were in. But, with this one, she didn't even give me the choice. Even though, clearly, I'm having a nervous breakdown, Uncle