Vera Verto Author's Notes : This story is set in the year following the series from the point of view of Minerva McGonagall. I kept it compliant with the series, including the epilogue, and mostly compliant with the story about McGonagall on Pottermore (though here's your warning that I took some liberties). No promises on Cursed Child, however. Warnings: This story is rated T primarily because of the fact that it focuses on people dealing with death and the aftermath of war. There's also (as we say in the South) some cussin', fussin', and fightin'. And while this isn't a religious story, I did include reference to the McGonagalls' Presbyterian upbringing and heritage (with some references to the Book of Common Worship). And finally, while I won't regale you with the shocking information that I am not, in fact, JK Rowling, I do need to give some credit where credit is due. Calliope Quintin and Marcus Rathburn are two OCs created by my partner, who writes over on AO3 as peteryoushouldwrite . You can check out more of their adventures in Percy Weasley and the Warden of Azkaban. Any other overlapping factoids between our stories is the result of shared riffing on the subject of Harry Potter (the secret to any healthy relationship). Hope you enjoy! Chapter 1: May May 2nd Minerva didn't remember who had used smoke, but smoke hung in the air in the wake of the battle. Her body was bruised and beaten, her castle in ruins. Minerva looked around and took account of who still lived - Flitwick, Sprout, and Slughorn walking amongst the students, attempting to offer comfort. The Weasley family gathering around each other, Harry Potter and Hermione Granger among them. Shacklebolt and what was left of his aurors levitating in a stunned Fenrir Grayback, dragging Death Eaters out in shackles. But there was one person - one person Minerva had fought with daggers and fire - who was unaccounted for. Minerva rounded on Kingsley. "Where the hell is Snape?" Harry Potter turned to face her, his expression unreadable. "Professor McGonagall, there's something I need to tell you." May 3rd "My last word to him was 'coward.'" They had waited until nightfall to hold this vigil. That morning, they had laid to rest Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks; that afternoon, Fred Weasley. The parents of Lavender Brown, Vincent Crabbe, and Colin Creevey had arrived to take their children home, where they would no doubt be buried beside their grandparents and ancestors, far before their time. And now Minerva, Flitwick, Slughorn, and Sprout stood around the levitating plank on the Hogwart's grounds, below the astronomy tower, where Dumbledore was buried, where Dumbledore had fallen less than a year earlier and destroyed Minerva's whole world. Before them lay their colleague, the last victim left to mourn from what history books would no doubt one day call the Battle of Hogwarts. "He was the best student I ever had." Slughorn's chin wobbled and he wrenched his big hands together. "I should have told him." He paused and drew a long, shaky breath. "I believed the worst too, Minerva." "He didn't tell any of us," Sprout said, playing the role of the comforter as she always did, though her eyes were shining with the same mixture of sadness and guilt. "If it weren't for Harry…" "If it weren't for Harry," Minerva picked up where she had left off. "We would have cast incendio on his body like the aurors did with you-know-who." Flitwick reached forward, laying his hand over Snape's, forcing Minerva's eyes from where they had been looking over the smooth surface of the black lake onto the lifeless form in front of them. In death, he looked every part of what he didn't in life - small, young, and finally at peace. "We have forgiven you, Severus," Filius whispered. "Please forgive us." Minerva sniffed and wiped at her cheeks. Sprout reached out for her hand. They stood in silence, Flitwick's floating candles providing a dim, flickering view of the destroyed Hogwarts grounds. The silence stretched until Slughorn spoke. "What should we do for him? Does he have any family?" "No." Harry's story had shown Minerva how little she understood a man she had ostensibly known for nearly three decades. But she had always known that. "At least not any family worth going home to." All four paused again at the weight of that statement, then Flitwick looked up at Minerva. "Then what should we do?" Minerva found herself, not for the first time, glancing at the white tomb as if it would give her answers. But Dumbledore was gone; Dumbledore wouldn't be providing her with guidance in this situation - or ever again, for that matter. She forced herself to look away from the tomb, and her eyes swept across the black lake. She stepped forward, the other three following her silently. When they reached the edge of the lake, Minerva turned and drew the pallet toward her with a wordless spell. She met the eyes of Sprout, then Flitwick, then Slughorn. They all raised one arm, bringing the pallet to levitate out over the lake. Minerva knew this moment called for her to speak and searched for the right thing to say, the right memorialization for her fallen colleague and friend. But she couldn't imagine what Snape would want - did he have a tradition? A favorite reading? Other than potions - and now, Lily Potter - Minerva didn't know of anything that he loved. Instead, as she spoke, Minerva found the words coming from somewhere deep in her memory, her father's words spoken at a burial when she was just a young girl. "In sure and certain hope of the resurrection to eternal life through our lord Jesus Christ, we commend to almighty God our brother Severus Snape, and we commit his body to the deep. Blessed are the dead who die in the lord, says the spirit. They rest from their labors, and their works follow them." "Amen," Slughorn muttered. Together, they lowered their hands, and committed Severus Snape to the deep. May 8th Minerva held a cup of tea in one hand, her wand in the other. The castle was empty now - empty but for the detritus strewn everywhere she looked - stone, wood, suits of armor, artwork - all of the trappings that had made Hogwarts... Hogwarts. It was Friday morning and though Minerva hadn't slept in days, she felt more like she hadn't slept in weeks. The tea and pepper-up potion weren't nearly doing their job. Their dead had been buried and their students sent home. The bodies of the fallen Death Eaters had been burned and the remaining Death Eaters carted off to Azkaban. The sight of Amycus Carrow bound by an immobilus charm, dragged through the castle and sent by portkey to prison was one that Minerva knew she would remember fondly for the rest of her life. But with just herself and the other teachers remaining, the castle felt more than damaged. It felt ruined, empty. "Reparo." Minerva heard Flitwick's small voice in the Great Hall from where she stood near the Grand Staircase. "Duro. Meteolojinx." He must be out of options if he was using that one. She stood and listened as his voice dropped off, replaced by the sounds of his wand swishing back and forth as he searched for a wordless spell. "Well, I'm not seeing any evidence of lingering dark magic." Kingsley Shacklebolt's deep voice pulled Minerva's attention to the bottom of the staircase, where he was standing with another auror, looking as tired as everyone else. Minerva descended the staircase slowly, tucking her wand into her sleeve to grip what was left of the banister. Her knee – the one with the old Quidditch injury - protested and she attempted a nonverbal "Episkey," which only sort-of worked. "Then why haven't we been able to repair anything in this castle?" She asked, her voice sounding more pointed than she had intended. Kingsley remained unfazed. "We're not entirely sure." He turned to the auror next to him. "Minerva, this is Auror Quintin." "Yes, I know." Minerva would recognize almost any student who had attended Hogwarts over the last forty-two years, which meant she knew nearly everyone at the Ministry of Magic. But she would certainly remember former Head Girls and beaters on one of the legendary Slytherin Quidditch teams. "Thank you for your help." "Of course, Professor McGonagall." Kingsley turned toward his colleague. "The Ministry needs me to process the Death Eaters. I'm going to leave Auror Quintin here with you." He turned heel and disappeared, niceties lost in the exhaustion. Minerva walked slowly toward the heavy wooden doors, the doors she had locked against Sirius Black, had attempted to lock against the Death Eaters. They were covered in the marks of dozens of spells, their beautiful craftsmanship marred, perhaps permanently. "This castle is over a thousand years old, Calliope." Though she addressed her former student, Minerva was really talking to herself. "These doors must have seen other battles." "That's probably true, Professor." Calliope Quintin maintained her distance, politely staring straight ahead at the doors before eventually turning to take in the entire entrance hall. "And the suits of armor?" "What about the suits of armor?" "How old are they?" "Thirteenth Century, I believe." Minerva looked, finally, at what remained of the suits of armor littering the floor. "And has anyone else ever used that spell?" "What spell?" Calliope was obviously choosing her words carefully. "Piertotum Locomotor. I didn't see it of course, Professor. But they say you brought the castle to life." Minerva sighed. The suits of armor had defended their school, the stonework had come to life to protect them. And now it appeared damaged beyond repair. May 11th The wreckage wasn't the only thing that was different. Minerva discovered, after a weekend spent almost entirely asleep, that the stairway that normally took her from her private chambers to the Great Hall had moved so that she had to walk entirely out of the way, past Pomona Sprout's chambers, if she was going to attempt to find her way to the kitchens. She knocked on the door then stood leaning against it, waiting for Pomona to scramble around her chambers looking for something as if she had not lived there for over fifty years. "Give me five, Filius," she called through the door. "It's not Filius." The door jerked open. "Oh, it's you." Pomona was only about half-dressed, and she grabbed an overcoat off of a hook near the door. "Joining us for breakfast?" "The staircase sent me this way." "They have been funny lately. I wonder what -" She was cut off as Flitwick approached, looking a little out of breath. "I'm sorry," he said. "The staircase to Ravenclaw Tower…" "Moved," Minerva finished for him as they made their way to the kitchens. "You're not the only one." "What's doing that?" Sprout asked, opening the door to the kitchens for the other two. "The aurors aren't sure." Minerva groaned as she sat down at one of the rough wooden tables. Apparently, a whole weekend sleeping didn't make up for the toll the battle had taken on her body. "I feel the same." Slughorn appeared in the doorway and joined them at the table as one of the house elves placed a pot of coffee and bowl of porridge on the table. "Thank you, Winky." "About the staircases?" Flitwick asked, ladling himself some of the porridge. "No, about getting old." "Who's getting old?" Minerva asked, though she wasn't sure if she could get up from the table if she wanted to. "All four of us." "Speak for yourself." Flitwick, easily the oldest among them, glared out over his spectacles. Sprout and Slughorn laughed. Minerva forced a smile. Normally, she would have made a retort aimed at the much-older Dumbledore or the much-younger Snape, but nothing was normal anymore. Lost in that