Disclaimer: I own nothing but my thoughts and ideas! My Beta has disappeared; if anyone would like to take her spot, please, let me know Ch.1 – Deplorable Bella POV As I laid in there staring at the barren wall of my bedroom situated sideways in my bed I couldn't help but think if this is what I wanted for my life; wasting away my senior year laying in bed unable to motivate myself for the simplest tasks. I tried at first, getting out and hanging with Jacob and the pack but everything seemed to remind me of him. The trees swaying; his soft billowy hair, the brilliance of the sun shining off of the ocean; his beautiful alabaster skin, the animals living, going about their daily routine in the forest; the molten gold color of his eyes. I wondered if I could be like Poe and live my existence in agony and write mesmerizingly heart-wrenching poems and drink myself into oblivion. Who knows, maybe America's youth will be reading of my miseries in years to come. I couldn't help but think of all the men Renee went through. Donnie, the body builder who though his Mitsubishi was a Rolls Royce. Jose, the Hispanic famer who couldn't even speak English. George, the married man who had a high rise in New York where his twins stayed with their mother while he whisked my mother away to Aspen. Those were just the ones that came to the forefront of my mind. Then there was Phil, who wasn't a bad guy, he just reminded me of a golden retriever. How he was so infatuated with Renee I'll never know, but he managed to tie her down and impregnate her with my little brother, Liam. The now one year old was her pride and joy so I couldn't blame my mother that she hadn't noticed my plunge into depression. I don't think I even missed Edward anymore I just didn't know what to do. I turned over in my bed I looked at my reflection in the mirror on the back of my door. You didn't need to have 20/20 to see I looked like shit. Why had I done this to myself? I held myself up along with Renee when another man left, I helped Charlie get over my mother, so now why the fuck couldn't I manage to brush my teeth at least? I ran my tongue over my pearly yellows now and I could feel the grime on them. I felt a slight shudder run through me. That needed to be remedied, but getting up was so hard. I was all but getting fed from a feeding tube now, I could hardly get out of bed I had let myself get so thin and sickly. I mustered all the strength I could and screamed, "Charlie!" I was surprised at how loud it actually came out. I was so lost in my amazement that it didn't register Charlie had heard me until he was standing panting having all but busted down my door looking at me with wide eyes. I tried to pry myself from my bed but my arms couldn't hold me. I fell back to my bed with an annoyed huff. Charlie ran to my side as tears started pouring from my eyes. "Dad, please. . . help me!" I asked him. His eyes shined with tears as he enveloped me in a hug. "I knew you were still in there." He smiled at me. "I'm so weak and tired, can you please carry me downstairs? I'm as hungry as a horse. " I smiled slightly through her tears. Charlie took my downstairs and prepared a light can of soup for me. He called Sue while I ate and asked her to come and check on me, she was my nurse that visited me once a week to check that I was actually still alive and to give me a sponge bath. I looked down at my arms, god I must weigh 80 pounds at 5' 6"; I'm surprised I'm still alive. I'm going to make it a goal, to weigh 110; I could put on 30 pounds! I had to lightly chuckle at my little pep talk. Charlie looked at me with a smile on his face as I finished about half my soup, it wasn't much, but it was a huge improvement from all but needing a feeding tube. It wasn't that much longer when Sue walked through the door. Charlie called me to the couch and she poked and prodded. "I'm so happy for the change Bella, but what happened?" She asked me. "I forgot how to live I guess. Ed, Edward and the Cullen's decided everything for me from the food I ate to what I could wear and say. I didn't know how to exist with out being told how to." I looked up and met her eyes, I felt ashamed. "You just lost yourself Bella, it happens." Sue patted my arm. "Do, do you think Leah would mind if I went and talked to her after I have my strength back?" I asked her. "She would love that Bella." She smiled warmly at me. "I really want to shower and brush my teeth, will you all help me?" I asked my dad and Sue. I was still too weak to walk. I didn't blush; those days were behind me, no more of this timid bullshit. The rest of the week went much the same; dad would help me down stairs and eat, but at least I could start to walk. Sue would come over everyday and give me an IV and vitamins while her and dad bath helped me bathe. Normally I would be embarrassed to be naked in front of my father but he had really stepped up to the plate ever since I moved here. He even took time off work to be with me now. He called Billy and told him of my development, he was ecstatic to say the least. It seemed like a few days had blown by when I was walking up to Leah's door and knocking on it. She lived in a little cabin that wasn't too far from her parents but still tucked away enough she could shift in her backyard. I paused as I waited for her to open the door. "Ah Swan, I figured I'd be seeing you soon." Leah stood there looking beautiful in her daisy dukes and flowing tank. She stepped aside and I walked past her slowly and observed my surroundings. There was a crème sectional in the living room with a coffee table, mocha rug, and large flat screen on a stand. The kitchen was opposite of it, filled with greens from the granite tiles on the counter to the pots and decorations on the wall. The dining room had a 6 person cherry wood table with a bowl of fruit in the center. The house went much the same, soft earth tones on the walls, greens littered throughout, with pictures and decorations covering the walls. It all gave a very happy and soothing effect. I looked at her surprised, I knew Leah had gotten over Sam but I never expected to see her smiling next to him in a picture on the wall. She gestured to the couch and I sat down. She sat next to me and put her arms on her legs and sighed. "Losing Sam was the hard but not as hard as trying to find myself again." She started. I just looked at her in wonder. "We were friends in pre-k together. We were each other's first best friends, kiss, we even lost our virginities to each other. It just seems natural that marriage and kids was the next step. He was there for every single moment in my life, not just the important ones, so once he was gone. . . "She paused. "I didn't know how to be me without him." She finished and looked at me. "But I learned that my happiness depended on myself, not on him. I learned to grow and heal as my own person, not needing to depend on anyone but myself, that why I moved in this cabin. What that leech did to you? I could ring your neck for getting involved with a filthy bloodsucker, but his entire family, how they left. . . I can't imagine what that was like." Leah stated. "I just lost one person, you lost an entire family. But you didn't need that family, you craved it. Family isn't some people who pretend to be related Swan; it's the people who love you that you surround yourself with, regardless of DNA. The pack, these guys, they're my family; Sam is my family. I learned to forgive him and love again. I missed Sam in my life, but not as my lover. After Emily left him, he needed someone, so I was there for him, but it felt nice not to want him romantically. We have an even more incredible relationship now that we're just friends." She smiled a little as she looked at me. I had to gasp, Sam and Emily were no longer together and Leah wasn't with him? "What happened to Emily?" I asked. "She did love Sam, the imprint helped with that, but imprinter can be anything you need. Sam was too serious for Emily; she was still a child and wanted to act like one. She went up to the Makah rez and it came to light a few months later that she ended pregnant. She still won't say who's it is but now she's back up there with her parents." Leah had to chuckle. "What happened to Sam?" I asked. "He realized that the imprint got a little carried away, Emily needed a guardian to watch her and Sam just wanted to be loved unconditionally. He let her go after a while and they still talk on the phone. She's learning to be an adult and Sam's just her guiding voice." She stated. "But what about you? You didn't want to get back together?" I asked. "No." Leah smiled again, this time bigger. "Sam and I were destined because it was convenient. We didn't know any better. We're much better friends, we but heads too much. He needs a nurturing and caring woman and I am neither of those things. Brady and I are actually together." She pointed to a picture of her in a sundress lying against the chest of a beautiful man with hair that hung in his eyes and a 5 o-clock shadow on his face in low-rise jeans and no shirt. It was a beautiful picture, I couldn't help but stare memorized. "Did you all imprint?" I asked. Leah chuckled. "No, we've figured the imprint doesn't have to be romantic, Jared and Kim just chose to be. Quil is simply Claire's older brother. Embry is with a nice girl named Angela; I believe she said she knew you. Brady and I fell in love the natural way and it's 20 times better than the imprint, no offense to Jared and Kim. If I ever to imprint, they'll simply be a friend, sister, brother, whatever else and the same goes to Brady, we're not worried about it at all." I sat back and sighed. So much had happened since I was gone, oh well, I was here now and that's all that mattered. "Leah, I'm feeling much better than before but I still feel hollow, like I have constant heart burn and I really don't know how to make it go away." I looked at her. "Come on Swan." She got up and held her hand out to me, I grabbed it and followed her into what seemed to be her bedroom. She handed me a pair of underarmor spandex and a sports bra. "They might be a little big, but you'll