A/N: Written as a gift for the wonderful maydayparade8123 who is an amazing writer. Sorry for being so late! " Family life is a bit like a runny peach pie- not perfect but who's complaining?" -Roger Brault "I hate her." Percy sighed and put his spoonful of ice cream down. "Olivia," he chastised sternly, "hate is a strong word. We do not hate people, okay?" "I do," she glared at her cup viciously. "I hate her. She's all wrong!" "She's just new," he argued. "I'm sure she'll be a wonderful teacher. All you have to do is give her a chance." "No!" Percy groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose. This was going to be a hard one, he just knew it. "Wait, who are we talking about here?" Jason sidled into the seat beside him, finally off his shift at Khione's ice-cream parlour. "Her new homeroom teacher," Leo informed with a grin. "Apparently she looks like a booger." "She does not look like a booger!" Percy said sharply. "Does too!" Olivia kicked the leg of her chair. "Boogers and sunny side up eggs." This wouldn't be that bad of an insult if Percy didn't know that his daughter hated sunny-side up eggs with the burning passion of a thousand suns. Scrambled or bust. At six years old Olivia Dare-Jackson's whole world had just been turned upside down because her favourite person in the whole wide world, other than Mommy and Daddy and Uncle Jason and Uncle Leo and Uncle Nico of course, Ms Beauregard had just turned into Mrs Beckendorf. Of course, it had been fun when Ms Beauregard had announced her engagement to the class and it had been fun designing the invitation cards (Silena, bless her soul, had actually used those stick-figure-crayon-cards to invite all the guests; Percy's one had come with dried green paste on the back). It had been incredible attending the wedding. Silena's mother had spared no expense and along with their numerous family members, almost the entire elementary school had been invited as well. When the new Mrs Beckendorf had thrown the bouquet over her shoulder and Percy had caught it, presenting it to Olivia, his daughter had gushed about it for an entire week. What had been less fun was the realization that Mrs Beckendorf had actually been serious about moving to Greece with her husband, thus leaving her kindergarten class behind. And then the five stages of grief appeared. Denial ("She won't really leave, Daddy! She's just messing with us!"), Anger ("It's like she doesn' care 'bout us at all!"), Bargaining ("I promise I'll be good, I'll never be on the naughty list, not even once. You'll see") Depression ("I don't feel like having blue cupcakes today, Daddy…") and Acceptance…they were having a little trouble with acceptance. It wasn't just the fact that Silena was moving away or that there was a new teacher replacing her that was bothering Olivia, Percy knew. It was the fact that one of the few positive female figures in her life was leaving her behind in the USA and moving across the Atlantic. It hit home hard. So hard, in fact, that Olivia had even refused to talk to Rachel on their weekly video call. Percy had had to hastily explain the situation to a very hurt artist. No doubt she'd draw up some angst-y abstract art piece about the womb and its fruits later on. Today was the first day that the new teacher had arrived at class and already Olivia had found over a hundred things wrong with her, starting with the fact that she didn't know everyone's names to the fact that her hair was the wrong shade of yellow. "Ugly-old-stayed-too-long-in-the-fridge-butter-yellow," she had complained. "Sunny-side-up-eggs-yellow. Not happy-sunshine-y yellow. Like Uncle Jason's. That's the best yellow. The only yellow." Percy almost regretted the rather creative names Rachel had taught her to describe different shades of colours. Almost. Since she had shown no signs of stopping her ranting after coming home, Percy had bundled her up and taken her to the mall to meet up with Jason and Leo at Khione's. He had been hoping that an excursion would take her mind off things. He had been wrong. "I don't think it's possible for people to look like boogers, Liv," Percy waved his spoon at his petulant daughter. "Is too," she insisted earnestly. "Jaime Rodriguez totally looks like a booger and you know it!" Percy hesitated. "Okay, maybe some people can look a little like a booger," he relented, considering the matter. Olivia beamed up at him; looking brighter than the clearest day at his admission and Percy couldn't help but let a wide grin grace his face as well while Leo snickered hysterically beside her. Jason poked him sharply in the ribs with a plastic fork and glared. "You're supposed to be setting an example!" he hissed sharply. "Yes dear," Percy grumbled, rubbing the sore spot. Everyone knew who the real mother in their little family was. "Alright Liv," Percy adopted that stern tone once more, keeping one eye trained on Jason; who was right of course. Olivia was the kind of girl who picked things up quickly once she saw other people doing it. Part of the reason for her general babbly-ness was the fact that the first few years of her life, she had practically been raised by a bunch of really, really babbly college kids. Namely Percy, Jason, Leo and Rachel with Grover dropping by on occasion. "Some people look like ice-cream sprinkles and floof candy and some people look like boogers," Percy started to explain, adopting his best 'I am not scolding you but you need to listen to me' tone. "When they look like sprinkles, you can say so. When they look like boogers, it's not nice to say so." "But it's true!" "It's still not nice to say so," he told her. "If you don't have anything nice to say…" "Don't say anything at all," Olivia sulkily recited. "Exactly," Percy smiled at her encouragingly. "Remember that time Jaime pushed you off the swing set and you got hurt? Words can hurt you like that too so we should never, ever…" "Call people mean names," Olivia finished glumly. Percy leaned back against his chair in satisfaction, confident that he'd finally gotten through to her. The satisfaction lasted all of five seconds. "Annabeth Chase," Olivia declared proudly as soon as it had seemed that she would let it go. "I'm gonna 'chase' you away!" "Olivia!" Percy groaned, ignoring Leo's strange gasp. "What did I just tell you?" "Not to call people names," Olivia grinned cheekily. "And I didn'!" Oh. Percy blinked in surprise. Jason let out a bark of laughter. "Got to admit, she's got you there," he chortled. "You sassy little monster," Percy shook his head exasperatedly, unsure of whether to feign anger (he could never really be angry at her, he's tried countless times) or let his amusement show through. All the while his spawn gave him the most audacious smirk on the face of the planet and merrily kicked her legs away. She poked a spoonful of pistachio ice cream into her mouth, green eyes blinking in the 'I have no idea why you're mad' expression. "Did you just loophole me? You did, didn't you? And you," Percy pointed an accusing finger at the still chuckling Jason. "You're supposed to be setting an example!" "Sorry, sorry!" Jason pressed his palm against his mouth but the mirth still showed in his eyes. "Forget that!" Leo jabbered out excitedly, waving his hands wildly and regaining everyone's attention. "Do you two not realize what just happened?" Percy and Jason exchanged a look. "Umm, no?" Jason ventured. "Do you realize what just happened?" Leo turned to Olivia. "Nu-uh," she mumbled through a mouthful of ice cream. Leo groaned. "Our baby," he spoke slowly, punctuating each word for emphasis. "Just. Made. Her First. Pun! This calls for a celebration!" Jason snorted while Percy rolled his eyes. "Excuse me," he asked, with mock offence. "But 'our' baby?" "Don't toy with my emotions Jackson," Leo snaked his arms around the giggling girl. "I claim at least 15% of this baby. At least 15% is completely Leo Valdez. Isn't that right Liv?" he wriggled his fingers against her sides. "Uncle Leo!" Olivia shrieked. "Stop it, it tickles! An' I'm not a baby!" "15% of you is!" Leo insisted with a grin, mercilessly continuing his assault. "Grace!" a voice called out in a far nastier shriek. Jason winced and Leo immediately retracted his fingers and sobered up, Percy put down his spoon and shoved his cup away. Even Olivia straightened up and stayed still. The other customers, too, seemed to hush up. Nothing could kill the party mood quite like Khione Winters. Percy could hear the tell-tale click-click of her high heels against the linoleum as she approached their table. "Aww shi-shiminies," Leo muttered. "I thought she left." "You're disturbing the other customers," she called out icily as soon as she reached them, one hand arched on her hip, perfectly manicured fingers tapping away. Funny, Percy thought. No one seemed to be complaining till you came along. "If you're off your shift, then get lost-" "We were just leaving anyway," Percy interrupted her smoothly. Khione seemed startled at the disruption, pursing her lips. "Come on, Liv." He got up and stretched out a hand. Olivia hurriedly jumped down from her seat and grabbed on, burying herself behind him. Leo followed suit, so did Jason. Khione narrowed her eyes at him but said nothing as they made their way to the door. Soon as they were out, Leo heaved a huge sigh of relief. "Man, what a bi-" Percy elbowed him sharply in the gut and Leo coughed. "Beenie. What a meanie -bo-beenie. Hey Superman, mind if we pick out another ice cream parlour or something next time. Your boss gives me the heebie-jeebies." "She's sca-ry," Olivia agreed in a whisper, keeping her eyes trained on the ground. Yeah, definitely a different place next time, Percy thought angrily as he leaned down to pull her up against his chest so that her chin rested on his shoulder. "Not that scary," Percy assured her in a soft voice. "Not that scary," Olivia agreed but Percy could tell that it was half-hearted from the way her arms wrapped around his neck. Irritation flashed within him, along with a strong desire to turn Khione Winters into one of her over-priced smoothies. A blue one. No one scared Olivia and got away with it. "What did you do to her anyway? She's, like, extra meanie to you," Leo asked Jason. "Honestly, I have no clue," he admitted, although he did seem a little uncomfortable to Percy. "I guess she just… likes being a meanie-bo-beenie." Olivia giggled. "I like that word," she announced. "Can we go to the ball pit now?" One had to marvel at the attention span of his six-year-old. A grudge against an innocent school teacher, that could last for hours. Khione Winters? Forgotten in minutes. Not that Percy wasn't glad, of course. As far as he was concerned, Olivia should have just a few emotions. Happy and its variations thereof. "It's a little late for that isn't it?" Percy set her down again but she still latched onto his pinkie. "But I made a pun!" Olivia asserted loudly before biting her lip. "What's a pun?" she asked sheepishly. "Just you wait, princess," Leo grinned exuberantly. "When Uncle Leo's done with you you're going to be a 'Pungeon' Master! But yeah, first we gotta celebrate this wonderful, joyous occasion. To the ball pit! First one there gets to dive-bomb!" With that Leo dashed off to make his way to the escalators. Olivia cackled loudly and let go of Percy's hand to follow except Percy wouldn't let her. "Oh no, you don't," Percy chastised as he grabbed her hand again. "You're not getting away from me that easily. Absolutely