Hey guys! So first, I want to let you know that I'm not dropping any of my stories. I'm still working on the others, especially my Doctor Who fic. Anyhow, so I've been working on this fic for a while now and wanted to know what you guys think. It might seem a bit strange with the way she merges into the universe and all, but I promise it will be explained. I'm already working on chapter 9. So please just read this and let me know what you guys think! Thanks! Whoever had said that it was a bad idea to walk home in the dark using the back alleys where there was no one in sight was definitely a genius. Ember Matthews, on the other hand, obviously was not because there she was walking through a dark, wet, alley on her way home. She knew it wasn't safe, but at the same time she knew that most things never were. Not for her anyways. She was used to being on edge, whether it was out on the street or in her own home. It didn't matter. She lived on the bad side of town, something she was sure was intentional on Mark's part. And when she wasn't there, she was at home either cleaning, doing homework, laying around or being beat senseless. Sadly, it was normal for her now. She could barely remember a time when she wasn't living in fear. Sighing, she flipped her black hood up over her brunette hair to protect against the rain before tucking her hands into the pockets of the close fitting hoody. She paired it with black jeans and sturdy combat boots to finish the look. She liked to think that it made her look a little tougher than she actually was. For a while, she'd considered piercings or tattoos, but she knew she couldn't afford it and even if she could, she didn't want to change her appearance in any way that was permanent. Despite how dark and hopeless her life was at the moment, she dared to dream that she would get away from it one day. A scream rang out and she froze, her head snapping up as she looked for the source of the distress. She waited for confirmation that she had actually heard someone scream before she went to investigate. Not even five seconds later another cry sounded and she silently walked down the alley, peeking her head around the corner. The left lead to a dead end and Ember was slightly shocked to see a girl, about ten years older than herself, lying on the ground while an obviously angry man towered over her. The girl - no, the woman, Ember corrected herself - was sobbing and the man was clearly beating her. Ember knew that it would be safer if she continued on her way, but she just couldn't do it. Not when she knew from first hand experience how it felt. Taking a deep breath, she headed forward, not bothering to be quiet now. "Hey! What's going on here?" The man whirled around and Ember forced herself to keep her gaze on him, not letting him see her fear. It would do her no good. Men like him were not merciful because their prey was scared. No, that would just prove to make him more eager to inflict pain, only it wouldn't be on the poor woman sobbing on the ground. It would be focused on Ember herself. "And who are you, princess, that you think you can be questioning me?" "Oh, no one really." Ember said in a nonchalant tone, shrugging her shoulders and looking down. She was playing it off as casual, uncaring, but really she just wanted to get a look on how badly the woman was hurt. She seemed okay. A little bruised, but it could have been much worse. She could probably run if it came down to it. Satisfied that the woman was mostly unharmed, Ember rolled her head back up to look at the man with a dark smile. "Just Dagger's girl." She felt a brief flash of joyful vengeance at the fear that spread across his features. Dagger was the head gang leader of the Black Dragons and she knew that no one would cross him. It was true, of course, that she had never met the guy, but Mark was close to him. They were in business together. "I don't think he would be too happy to find out that you were beating on my friend, so if you want the two of us to forget about this ever happening, I suggest you leave." The man nodded, easily believing the lie before he ran off, Ember watching him disappear down the street before kneeling beside the soaked woman. At first the woman recoiled away from her, fear in her eyes. "It's okay. I'm not going to hurt you. Everything I just said was a complete lie." Ember rushed to reassure the woman. "I don't even know Dagger all that well." "How did...? He should have known it was a lie. He didn't even check!" The woman said in a slightly hysterical bubblegum voice. "That isn't like him, he's planning something." "No, he's not. Trust me." Ember said, helping the woman to her feet and taking note of her blonde hair, manicured nails, and baby blue eyes. "Dagger's known to have a new girl nearly every week unless they're really good. I think he has one permanent, but I'm not sure. And if you know who Dagger is then you know that anyone who follows him, would never cross him unless their life was threatened. Was that the first time that's happened?" "He just snapped!" The woman cried, sobbing more and shivering as the rain continued to pour down. Ember felt a pang of sympathy and she quickly slipped her coat off and wrapped it around the woman's smooth shoulders. "Why would he do that?" "I don't know, but my place should be safe. You can get cleaned up and wait for the rain to stop." Ember offered, positive that Mark would be gone til early morning. It was only ten and that should give them plenty of time. "It's not far. Would you be okay with that?" The woman looked around fearfully a couple more times before meeting Ember's eyes and nodding. The blonde was a few inches taller than her and Ember found herself looking up to see her properly, raindrops hitting her face. She smiled gently before turning and continuing in the direction she had previously been going, making sure to accentuate her footfalls for the woman behind her. They arrived at her house a minute later and Ember gladly got out of the rain, closing the door behind them, but being careful not to lock it. Mark would explode if he came home to a locked door and she was sure she would find herself being dragged from bed because of it. "My room's this way. I have some sweats and a couple of T-Shirt's that are too big so..." She trailed off, turning around upon reaching her room and watching the woman examine the only place that was even remotely hers. "If you want to shower, it's just through the second door down the hall and to the left." She knew she had directed the woman to Mark's shower, but she didn't feel like the woman would appreciate hers. It wasn't very pleasant. As long as Ember cleaned up after, Mark would never know and she would hopefully avoid punishment. The woman looked at her with a curious expression before she nodded a little. Ember grabbed the clothes from her dresser and then pulled out some shampoo and conditioner. "Here. You can keep the clothes and use as much of these as you need. Don't worry about it." The woman proceeded to head to the shower and Ember found herself releasing a sigh of relief. The space was once again hers. She knew that it was ridiculous for her to feel that way, but when she owned so little already she tended to be very selfish with what DID belong to her. Brushing her wet hair behind her ears, she slipped out of her boots and set them at the end of her bed to dry, her clothes soon followed. She wasn't sure how long the woman would take to shower so she didn't waste anytime with pulling on a fresh pair of underwear with a matching bra. They were plain grey and for a moment she found herself wishing she could be like a normal girl. All the other girls at school had lacy undergarments or at least ones that were pretty in color. Then again she supposed she was lucky that Mark had one of his flings get some for her in the first place. She pulled on a pair of skinny jeans that had a plaid pattern like the kilts the Irish wore and a plain black tank top that was longer in the back than the front. The last thing to do was to pull on some dry socks and a pair of black converse. Once done, she headed down to the kitchen and started some tea. It was from what she had bought for herself so she knew that Mark wouldn't mind, besides he didn't like it anyways. While it was steeping she wondered about the blonde woman. There was something off about her. Ember wasn't resentful of her or uncomfortable with her, but she was curious about her. She had been dressed in an elegant and most likely expensive black dress. She looked like she'd been at some fancy party or something so what had she been doing in that alley? Obviously, she knew that guy, so Ember guessed that would make more sense. He'd probably lured her out or something. The shrill whistling of the teapot broke her from her thoughts and she quickly prepared two cups of the Grey Tea. She considered slipping some Creme brule into hers but shuddered as she thought of the last time she'd done that and the punishment she'd received when she'd been caught. She'd been sore for weeks. With a sigh, she picked up the two mugs and headed back up to her room. Upon arriving she felt shock and slight anger surge through her and she quickly set the cups down on her nightstand. "What are you doing with that?" Her Twilight book was lying on her bed and Ember had to resist the urge to snap at the woman. The one thing she valued over everything else was that book. It was the only thing she'd found that could distract her from the hell that was her life and now it was in the hands of this strange blonde woman. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean any harm." The woman offered with a small smile that didn't make much sense to Ember. "It's a good read. A better choice than some. You would be happier in that world. Even with the danger at least there would be something worth the pain." She wanted to live in a novel? While it was an enticing idea, it was completely unrealistic and not worth hoping for due to that very reason. Ember frowned and picked up the woman's cup, holding it out to her. "Thanks...I think. I don't see what it matters to you." The woman just continued to smile as she accepted the drink, a look in her eyes hinting at hidden knowledge. "Why did you save me tonight? Anyone else would have kept walking when they recognized the mark identifying him as one of Dagger's men." "Well, I'm not anyone else." Ember replied, taking a sip of her tea. The warmth felt good after being out in the rain. "I couldn't just leave you at his mercy." "Because you know what it's like." It wasn't a