Authors Note: Hey guys I'm really excited about this story it is my second story and is turning out really well! I am writing then posting so it might be a little slow (Sorry!). This has not been read by anyone but me so I would LOVE some comments! This will be romance and I hope Haldir holds true to character. Let me know what you think! All belongs to J. R. R. Tolkien The steady sound of hooves against dirt filled the air. This was not an uncommon occurrence in these woods but today was different. To the girl in the saddle it was just another trail ride. When she had pulled into the dirt parking lot and unloaded her chestnut gelding it was just the same as any other. At the moment she sucked in the forest air and sighed. The stress had been getting to her and this is just what she needed to rid herself of the weight on her shoulders. The cool spring breeze blew through her dirty blond hair. Blowing the long curls around her face. She smiled then gathered up the reins of her horse, Ritter. He gave an excited stomp as she pulled him to a stop. Her feet settled down into the stirrups and she pulled in a breath. The only sound was Ritter's deep breaths and the creak of leather. It's in that moment that time slows down before all hell breaks loose the horse and rider connected. Her hand grabbed a bit of his mane. Then the moment both are waiting for, "yah!" she shouted with a light kick to the horse's sides. Ritter lept forward, hooves biting into the ground. Trees fly buy as Ellery's hair whips around her neck. She shouts in happiness as they round a corner. The bend brings them along her favorite root along the valley. There is a straight drop down full of trees to their right and if you were to gaze out you would see the lake. Ritter stretches out even more going as fast as his long legs will let him. Ellery stands in the stirrups, putting the reins around the horn and puts her arms out like a bird. She gives another hoot of joy. The next moment though she hears a crack like lighting and her excitement disappears. She drops back into the saddle and grabs the reigns. Her eyes travel to the movement ahead. A large pine tree is falling to the ground in their path. Ritter's gait falters as he tries to come to a halt. Ellery pulls the reigns in an attempt to stop. There's a deafening thump as the tree hits the ground. It starts to slide down the hill as Ritter's hooves struggle to stop before they tumble into the mess of branches. He skids to a stop. But before a breath can be taken in time slows as beast and girl look up to see a second tree taken down by the first coming toward them. She thinks, no this can't be it. Ritter rears up as the trunk barrels toward them. It makes impact and pushes horse and rider over the edge. Ellery can barely hear the screams of the horse over the noise of the trees rolling and cracking. They carine down the incline. Neither see the tree before the horse flips over once and slams his side into the tree immediately silencing his neighing. Ellery's body follows like a rag doll and gets pinned between the horse and the trunk. The world goes black. Deaths not that bad, it's warm and bright. Ellery thinks before she feels movement between her legs. Now that she is awhere, she feels that one leg has lots of pressure on it. She cracks open an eye to see trees above her. She squints at the light shining through the trees. I don't feel hurt. Ellery thinks. Once her eyes adjust they glance down at the pressure. She gasps when she sees Ritter's body. No! Panic runs through her. But as she looks closer she sees his sides moving. This kicks the girl into motion. She glances around and sees a root to pull on. She gives a grunt as she pulls hard enough to free her leg. She rolls up onto her knees and and crawls to Ritter. She stares at him for a moment but sees nothing visibly wrong with him. She climbers up to his head and examines him. Being a veterinarian she puts her head to his chest and listens for normal vitals. She finds nothing abnormal and lets out a sigh. The horse seems as though he's sleeping. She picks his head up and puts it on her lap before looking around. This does not look like where we were, no way we are still in New York. How though! The shock kicks in as she recalls what happened. We should be dead. Maybe we are. Her eyes travel around the forest. The trees are big and their roots travel in and out of the ground. The area looks untouched. The ground is bare besides some moss because the tree tops are so thick the sun does not reach the floor enough. The birds chirp and flit from tree to tree. She sits baffled and strokes Ritter's head and neck. Soon she looks up at the sky wondering what time it is. It looks to be late afternoon by her judgment. Ellery decides to wait for Ritter to wake up. But waiting becomes a problem when the sky starts to turn orange as night approaches. I'm not leaving him. She thinks. The woods slowly darken around them and the birds go quiet. The wind does not even move. Ellery starts to get nervous as she can barely see around her anymore. She tries to shake Ritter to awaken him but it is to no use. "Please get up Ritter! Please! I don't want to be here." She pleads. A crunch from the forest makes her go silent. She looks around scared. A feeling of utter fear creeps into the forest. The panic starts to take hold and her breaths grow uneven. "Please get up!" She cracks as her voice catches. Soon the feeling of being watched fades over her. Tears gather in her eyes. Her hands wander around the ground trying to find some sort of weapon. As she scrabbles for anything hard, Ritter moves. She pauses and looks down at him to see his eyes looking up at her. Yes get up! You're alive! She thinks. Ellery pushes on his neck and he sits up. She crawls onto her knees and pushes on him more. "Get up." She says. He starts to stand but as he does this another crack of a stick breaking in the forest startled him and he jumps up panicked. She tries to reach for his reigns but he yanks back and takes off. "No! Come back!" She yells. Her feet carry her after him but she only gets so far before she loses where he went. The feeling of being watched increases as Ellery falls to her knees. A sob catches in her throat. "No don't leave me!" She sobs. Another noise brings her attention back. And she looks to her left to see a large man shaped creature coming toward her. At first she is relieved and goes to speak before she hears it growl. It gets close enough to see and she shrieks. It's not a man but an evil looking beast with teeth going every which way and orange eyes. It hisses before it opens its mouth. "Ohh what have we here a scared lost plump elf." He grins. "What should I do with you? Eat you or enjoy your flesh another way." He growls. Panic fills her as she scrambles backward. Her hand finds a rock and she chucks it at him. It hits him in the head but does not seem to faze him as he jumps at her with a demonic growl. Ellery screams waiting for him to land on her. But instead she hears a gurgle and feels warm liquid hit her face. Ellery opens her eyes to see a arrow through the beast's head. He drops onto her legs. A yelp comes from her as she jumps away from the beast. She looks around for where the arrow came from. She sees nothing in the dark. She has her back to a tree, shaking. A moment passes before she sees a blur come from the ski. It lands in front of her with a feather light thump. Before she can process what happens she has an arrow to her throat. She gasps as she looks up at a tall blond hair man. He almost glows. He looks at her accusingly. "Who are you and what are you doing in the woods of Lothlórien?" He snaps. "Where?!" She asks shocked. He ignores her and presses the arrow into her neck harder. Ellery can feel the blood bead on her neck. "I'm Ellery Nunds. From New York. I don't know where I am." She says shaking. He takes a long sceptical look at her. She's got really long hair and to his surprise it's curly. Said hair frames a rounder face with bright green eyes. She is also wearing odd clothes that look nothing like he has ever seen. The cloths are on a body that's a bit big but not to much. He also notices to his own shame her breasts larger than any elf he's ever seen. "Tul." (Come.) He says. Ellery looks at the strange man with a confused look thinking. Ohh great I've been found by a crazy man. Thank you Jesus! Maybe I just misheard him. She opens her mouth to speak but is cut off by multiple men falling from the trees. They land on the forest floor with cat like reflexes. Nope I've gone crazy. She thinks. The other men have blond hair like the one in front of her. They all look at the tall blond that spoke to Ellery. The man that spoke looks at her with disdain. "How do you not know where you are? Elves don't just stumble into Lothlórien." Ellery looks confused. "Elves! What are you talking about?" He looks at her like she's crazy. "You're an elf what else would anyone call you?" She looks really irritated as she says "I'm not crazy I'm a human so are you! You're just insane…." He tilts his head the reaches for her. She shies away from his hand. "Look!" He shouts as he reaches for her again and this time grabs her ear. Then pulls his hair back with his other hand to reveal a pointed ear. "You're an elf what the hell else would you be?" He shouts as he pulls away from her. This time Ellery reaches up and feels her ear where he was tugging on it. Her eyes grow wide and both hands fly to her ear. "What!" She screeches. Ellery starts to breath faster. She also notices that her hair is a lot longer than she remembers it. "I don't understand! How did I get here and why are my ears pointed! I'm human." She starts to struggle to stand and the elf pulls his arrow away from her neck. She stumbles as she gains her footing. Then her eyes travel to the beast that was attacking her. "What is that?" She asks in a panic. "That is an Orc." He says annoyed. "A what?" She asks in disbelief her eyes glued to the beast. He looks at her and growls. "An Orc you dim witted creature!" At this point she looks back at him and pinches herself. "I'm just dreaming! Wake up!" She starts to panic. "Wake up! Wake up!" She punches her arm. Her eyes wildly pass by each of the men and land on him. Ellery's breaths come