Author's Note:This story was posted on Portkey (.org) but it seems that may be gone now so am going to post it again here over the next few days. This story is a bit angsty and dark and Harry is a bit of a badass in this. So if you like your Harry with milk and sugar, this is probably not for you. Also, although I don't personally feel the characters are OOC (I look at it more as natural evolution of the characters as adults), some of you might. Warnings: If you have an extreme aversion to: swearing, tattoos, use of alcohol, cigarettes, illegal drugs, handguns, mentions of R/Hr, likeable! Ron, not-so-likeable! Ginny, or the nickname 'Mione...you might wanna move along. Nothin to see here. (No NC17 smut either, just assumed) Disclaimer: This is fanfiction. You know the drill; characters aren't mine and all that. The song lyrics I use occasionally throughout belong to other people with genius far over shadowing mine as well. Sigh. Set post Deathly Hallows, minus the Epilogue. Finally, this story is finished - 11 chapters in total. Daily updates or thereabouts I think. I really enjoyed writing this so I hope you enjoy reading it x Come Undone Who do you need Who do you love When you come undone. Harry Potter doesn't use magic anymore. I don't even know if he still has his wand. But he, The Boy Who Lived, never utters a spell or a hex or even a simple charm. I know this for certain. Instead he lives this sort of half life. Immersed in the Muggle world, cut off from any kind of magical reality. I'm the only one of us he sees anymore. And even that tenuous link does little more than scare me with its fragility as I feel him slipping through my fingers more every time. And I still berate myself that I didn't see it coming. When the war is over, it is a strange time. A bittersweet moment of stillness where no one really knows what to do or say next, how to get on with normal life, or in fact what normal even is now. We are all a bit lost and even I scare myself – mainly with my strong urge not to go immediately back to school. Nothing about the idea appeals to me and I think I really know then how much I've changed. Ron hasn't changed at all. At first I thought he might've, what with Fred's death. But he comes out the other side of his grief as much himself as he's always been, cheerful and witty though still quick tempered, but if anything he is just a little more confident. I find the new confidence attractive, for a time. Ginny carries on in typical gutsy fashion. She is devastated at losing Fred but she's always been strong and tenacious. That's why I think she will be the one to get through to Harry. He seems okay, for the longest time. For the whole year following in fact, he seems like the Harry I know so well, taking all the horrors and sadness in his characteristically strong way, not overly emotional through all the funerals and the recounting of the wars' worst stories. But it is in the joyous, celebratory moments that I see the slight fraying of his nerves, a small reaction that I don't realise at the time, is the beginning of his unravelling. In the ceremony for the first of many monuments unveiled in the months after, I notice him fidgeting on the stage behind the podium. It isn't unusual in itself that he would be uncomfortable in a situation where he is the centre of attention. But I sense the desperation coming off him in waves, his frown deepening behind his glasses. I'm sitting just down from him in the row behind, my hands crossed in my lap as I try to focus on Kingsley Shacklebolt's deep voice, talking about unity and optimism. But my eyes kept darting to him, trying to detect...is he... shaking ? I reach across Bill Weasley to my right and place my hand on Harry's shoulder. A few people notice my movement and turn to watch but I couldn't have cared less about them. He turns to me and I nearly gasp. The look in his eyes shocks me to my core; a blatant mix of resentment, anger and bitterness that I'd never seen in him before. There is no hope, none of the usual nobility. His eyes are the darkest shade of green I'd ever seen them. I don't recognise him. Then in the next second it is gone, replaced with a generic smile and nod, his fingers finding mine and squeezing them. I continue to stare at him open mouthed but he turns back to Kingsley now, his face relaxed again. I should have known then, that something was wrong. He's soft to the touch But frayed at the ends he breaks. But still I don't say anything. Then I find out over the next few weeks that Ginny is struggling, with Harry, but she never talks to me about them. She tries to talk to Ron, who in turn blabs to me, but I know Ron can't offer her any advice because Harry is very slowly but surely, shutting off to him too. Then Ron and Harry have a falling out that I'm not witness to – I only see Ron in his rage afterward, stamping around The Burrow in a petulant sulk, and refusing to give me details, only telling me they'd had words and if I want to know what happened, ask bloody Harry because he has no idea what he said wrong. I don't though. I don't know what I'm waiting for until after a week of none of us hearing from Harry, Arthur Weasley tries. He goes to visit him at Grimmauld Place where Harry is living with just Kreacher for company. Arthur reports back to a distressed Molly and Ginny that Harry doesn't want to talk to anyone. I can tell from the look in Arthur's eyes that his manner had been more vicious than Arthur chooses to pass on. So I know then it is down to me. I don't want to do it, because I'm not sure I can get through to him – and just what it might do to me if I can't. But I know I owe it to everyone somehow, to try. I don't tell Ron though, or Ginny. I just go there one night after one of my Healers training lectures. Kreacher lets me in. He is cordial, but his usually crisp white towel is a grubbier brown, and somehow this is what instantly worries me. He leads me through the hall and up the stairs, into a darkened room. As my eyes adjust, the musty smell of it transports me instantly back to a moment years ago and it rocks me; remembering this room was where Buckbeak was once kept, and where I'd last tried to break through to Harry in one of his dark moods. I'd succeeded that time. But when I catch a glimpse of him slumped in the corner, chest and feet bare with just faded jeans on, I feel cold nerves gather in the pit of my stomach. I walk slowly over and notice he is playing with something in his fingers. The silver glint of it catches the tiny amount of light in the room from the doorway and at first I think it is Ron's Deluminator. Then as I get closer I see it's a muggle Zippo lighter. He is flicking it open and lighting it, then snapping it shut, over and over, methodically. He doesn't move or show any sign that he knows I'm there as I kneel gingerly at his side. I study him discreetly, realising at that moment that my friend is a man now; just noting how the once stringy arms and flat chest of adolescence have given way to the ropey, fuller muscles of adulthood. I watch the repetitive action of his fingers as he continues his motions, and I can see out of the corner of my eye he is stubbornly watching the flame flicker alight and die, steadfastly ignoring my presence. Finally he snaps it shut one last time and we sit in darkness for a while. "I knew you'd be next." His voice is croaky like he hasn't spoken yet that day, even though it's two in the afternoon. He smiles but there is no warmth in it. "The last ditch effort." I frown at the bitter note in his voice and then I notice the bottle to his side and at the same time catch the smell of Firewhisky coming from him. I sigh. "What's going on Harry? Why are you doing this?" He stays silent for a while, taking a drink directly from the bottle in the meantime. He motions with it at me, apparently offering me some as his eyes squint against the harsh taste in his throat. I shake my head and lick my lips, trying to prepare what I was going to say. "Just save your breath Hermione. I just want to be alone." I tilt my head, frowning. "And what do we do? Just stop caring about you?" He laughs sharply, a humourless bark that reminds me of Sirius. "You don't even know me. None of them ever really knew me." I reach across and grab the bottle before he goes to take another sip. I put my face close to his and meet his glare. He is looking back at me, no fight in his eyes - they're just blearily bemused. His gaze drifts down to my lips which makes the nerves coil slowly in my stomach for some reason. "I know you. I know this isn't you." His mouth twists. "Yeah you know me alright. You know me better than anyone Hermione Jane." His words are dripping with sarcasm and I stare at him, confused, trying to read his eyes that are that unsettling dark green again. Then his face changes to a mask and he looks away. "Why don't all of you" –he swipes the bottle back out of my hands quicker than I would have given his reflexes credit for and then points directly at me-"Why don't YOU, just fuck off." I catch myself before I flinch. He is watching me closely, grimly satisfied. I don't respond for a bit, then I yank the bottle back off him. "It'll take more than a 'fuck off' to make me give up on you." For some mad reason, I take a swig from the bottle too, trying and failing not to grimace. I wipe my lips with the back of my hand. " Harry James. " His eyes are still steely but his mouth twitches and he laughs, the tiniest trace of humour in it this time. He turns back to his lighter and starts flicking it again. "Whatever. Whatever you say." I stand up and leave him then, checking in with Kreacher in the kitchen. After supervising the making of dinner (much to the house elf's disgust), I traipse back up the stairs and chuck a t shirt at Harry, still in the same position in the corner. "Dinner." I turn and walk out without looking back, but I don't hear him move an inch. Fifteen minutes later I'm thinking I've failed when the kitchen door swings open and he pads over to the other place setting, scraping the chair back with a kick of his still bare foot. I don't look at him and kept eating. We eat in silence and I glance up halfway through. In the light of the kitchen he looks even more terrible, his hair sticking up at odd angles and the growth of stubble on his face the longest I've seen it, even on