Wish Quarral Throw the knife and don't miss. Climb the tree and don't fall. Kill your opponent and don't hesitate. The same words that had been drilled into my brain since I was 11, echoed through my head, bouncing off walls and slapping me in the face. I'd been in the local training academy for hours, throwing weapons, running harsh training drills and thinking of nothing but the fact that today was the reaping. I remember when I was twelve, when my name was first entered out of thousands into those big glass balls, and how I got so nervous I threw up. Not pretty. But now I was seventeen and I was ready to take on the Hunger Games and what it would throw back at me. I didn't care if my name wasn't picked, I was volunteering. End of story. I picked up a tiny knife sitting on a metal table beside me and twirled it around my fingers, never letting the point of the blade pierce my skin. Smirking, I flung it across the room towards a dummy hanging by the ceiling, straight through the eye. To be honest, I knew I had a good chance of winning. I was the best in my class, faster than all the other girls and stronger. I trained two hours a day and I knew I'd get sponsors. The Capitol loves us. I was just about to start running a ropes course, when I checked my watch. It was seven-thirty and mother would want me home to get ready for the reaping at nine. Sighing, I pulled my red hair back into a bun and headed for home. There were many people out and about as I took the shortest route back to my house. A little boy ran past me yelling, "Hunger games! Hunger games!" Whilst his mother ran after him, smiling broadly. This year, I would be District one's tribute and I would leave AND return with my head held high. If I'd put in the effort I knew I was capable of, I was sure to become a victor. If not, then I'm dead. Literally. When I returned home from the training centre, as expected, my mother was frantic. She was waving her arms around madly, shrieking at my younger twin brother and sister (who were turning 11 this year) for getting dirt on their clothes. I don't think she even noticed me come in so I grabbed a bread roll from the kitchen and headed of to my room to get ready. Our house was large. It was two stories with five bedrooms, a kitchen, a sitting room and a very large bathroom. Compared to the other districts, ours was the richest by far. The only other district I had been to is 10. Although travel between the districts is only for officially sanctioned duties, my father was delivering some furniture to our cousins and I was allowed to go. It was a pretty rotten district compared to District 1. Just saying. It took me a long time to get ready. As I was volunteering, I thought I'd impress my stylists by already being perfectly clean. I waxed my legs, I cleaned the dirt out of my nails, I cleaned my hair better than I usually do and when I was done with all that I pulled out the nicest looking dress I could find. And it really was a nice dress. It was a soft, green silk that matched my eyes and looked gorgeous against my bright red hair, which I decided to leave out. The dress fitted my shape well and came down to the middle of my thigh. I decided to wear a pair of black sandals that had the tiniest heel, to go with the dress. Satisfied, I turned to take what might be the last look at my room. No I told myself. You're going to come home a victor. Not in a wooden box. "Wish! It's eight thirty we have to get going!" my mother called from downstairs. "Coming!" I called back, taking one last glance at my reflection before bouncing happily downstairs. My mother was waiting for me at the door, holding one twin in each hand. She smiled, "You look beautiful sweetheart." The admiring look on her face made my stomach turn. I hadn't told her that I was volunteering but she'd find out soon enough. Honestly, I was kind of relieved that my brother and sister weren't being entered until next year. Yes, most of the time they were a pain in the arse but I didn't want them to die this young. And I'm not saying that out of lack of faith but of reason. They'd only started running drills last month. When we arrived at Town Square I walked eagerly over to the table where you enter your name. The woman who took my blood asked if I wanted to enter a tessera and I shook my head proudly. Our family didn't need it. My father was the richest man in the district. He designed the interior for homes and although he was hardly ever home, the money he earned made up for only seeing his family once every two months. I kissed my family goodbye then pushed my way to the front where the seventeen-year-old girls were waiting. There were at least four thousand boys and girls already here and cameras were being set up everywhere. I flattened my hair down and turned to a random girl standing next to me and started talking like we were best friends. Our mayor (a pudgy man who didn't look too happy about being up at nine in the morning) gave his annual speech on how Panem was raised from the ashes, the long list of victors and what an honor it was to be chosen as a tribute and I found myself nodding in agreement. It was an honor, an honor that would soon be mine. When they mayor finished his speech, District one's escort Valeria Xeniac glided over to the microphone, her bright blue wig matching her glittering blue lipstick and her heels looked at least ten inches high but she walked in them as if they were sneakers. Valeria Xeniac was the daughter of Glasson Xeniac who was the previous District 1 escort and managed to escort tributes for nearly forty years. But now, her daughter was taking her place and although this was only her second year, the district already loved her. Valeria tapped the microphone lightly. "Welcome! To yet another year of Hunger games, District 1!" Her voice sounded sweet and artificial and the crowd cheered wildly. "Now, let my begin by saying how honored I am to be escorting District one for this years hunger games!" Another roar of cheers. "But now, we mustn't waste time! ladies first!" She shuffled over to the big glass ball and stuck her hand in, right to the bottom. Everything was silent; I could hear Valeria's fingers against the paper. She pulled out a slip and my stomach jolted. Walking back to the microphone she cleared her throat. "Lissa Prickart!" She said clearly. There was a loud, drawn in breath from behind me and I looked back to see a small girl who I'd never seen before, shuffling towards the stage. This was it. Valeria held her arms out warmly to Lissa, who looked about ten and like she was about to burst into tears. "Any volunteers?" "I VOLUNTEER!" I cry out, pushing my way past the other girls to get to the stage. "Oh wonderful!" squeaked Valeria, pushing aside Lissa and pulled me forward. "Any other volunteers?" Thankfully, no one else did. "Lissa Prickart, do you give this girl permission to take your place in the 71st Annual Hunger Games?" Lissa's eyes were wide and she looked so vulnerable. But she gave a shaky nod and without another word, Valeria clicked her fingers and she was dragged offstage and thrust back inside the barriers by Peacekeepers. All attention was now on me. "What's you're name dear?" She asked me. Up close, she looked a lot like an ice princess. Her skin was white, her lips looked like a coat of blue sparkles and her body, god, it was perfect. The tight turquoise dress she wore showed off every inch of her curves. But of course, you have to look good for the cameras . . . the cameras! I was on camera! And I wanted to make a good first impression right? So, putting on my best smile I took a step forward and said confidently. "Wish Quarral." "Well! Ladies and gentlemen, let's give a round of applause for District one's volunteer tribute, Wish Quarral!" The thousands of people looking up at me cheered wildly and I waved back at them, smiling. I sought out my mother and siblings but couldn't find them. "Thank you! Thank you!" Valeria said, quieting the crowd. "And now, the young man who will represent District 1!" She pulled a slip out of the boy's glass ball and read it out: "Gladius Flinch!" Oh no. Gladius Flinch was eighteen, although he looked at least thirty. He was strong, fast, everything a brought up future victor should be. He strode on stage confidently, his blonde hair perfectly combed. "Any Volunteers?" A shaggy looking boy volunteered but Gladius didn't give him permission to take his place. Of course. I had a feeling that Gladius would have volunteered even if he wasn't chosen. "Let's give a hand for our two District one tributes, Wish Quarral and Gladius Flinch! Shake hands you two!" I turned to shake Gladius' hand to find him looking at me like I was a piece of meat. I raised my eyebrow incredulously, but held my hand out. He took it and I squeaked as my fingers were crushed beneath his. He smiled at me as if to say: What's the problem? I pulled my hand away and scowled. The anthem plays but as soon as it's finished a group of Peacekeepers come marching in and lead us towards District one's Justice building. Gladius and I are put in separate rooms with fancy lace lounges and white velvet carpet. I wonder if my father designed this room too. The doors burst open and my family came running in. My brother and sister instantly run to my side and start sobbing their eyes out, begging me not to go. My mother's face was like ice. Hard and white. "I have to," I say gently, stroking their hair. "I want to." "You want to?" My mother whispered. She didn't come to comfort me. She kept her distance and looked at me like I was some sort of feral animal. "Wish how could you? Why on earth did you do that?" "Because I know I can win." I replied, trying to keep my voice from wobbling. "Oh you do, do you? Did you see that boy!" my mother started crying. "Wish you're going to die! Oh why did you do this? Why!" She buried her head in her hands and crouched down to the ground but I had no sympathy. Actually I was kind of surprised at her lack of confidence. She'd seen me train; she knew how good I was. "I thought you'd be proud of me." I mumble, just as the Peacekeepers tell my family to get out. My mother looked up, her eyes red. Talking a step towards me, she lifted up a shaking hand and stroked my face. "Oh Wish . . . I am proud of your bravery," She dropped her hand from my face and pulled my brother and sister off me. Walking back to the door she looked back at me one more time. "But ashamed of your stupidity." I sat there, numb and surprised by how much that hurt. After my family left, I had one more visitor: Lissa Prickart. I don't know why