Disclaimer: I own nothing, nada, zilch! This is the story about a girl imprisoned by elegant paintings and cashmere pillows. I hope you like it! See you at the bottom... "I wanna fly, I wanna drive, I wanna go I wanna be a part of something I don't know And if you try to hold me back, I might explode Baby, by now you should know I can't be tamed." Can't Be Tamed by Miley Cyrus ^^Don't judge me for that one^^ I stretched my arms above my head as a yawn ripped through me; my blanket bundled around my legs. As I jumped off the bed, my feet made a thud. "Crap." I winced. If I wanted to execute this perfectly, then I couldn't make a sound. They had to think that I was sound asleep. I changed into my escape clothes – black leather pants, black leather jacket, and my black Luoboutin stilettos - and immediately felt like the sexy badass that I knew I was somewhere deep down inside. I ordered this outfit online entirely for this event. After I changed, I slowly cracked open my door and peeked my head out. I checked right, then left. Coast looks clear… I thought to myself, but I knew better. 'Big Brother' is always watching, even when you think you see him leave for lunch, he's always fucking there. I wasn't too worried about the security cameras littering the corners, I've been studying them in my spare time for the past week and I'm pretty sure I've got them figured out. Every ten seconds they switch, so if I timed this perfectly then I'm home-free mother fuckers! I grabbed my bag with clothes and money then set the timer on my iPhone to ten seconds, I then ran under the first camera, then the next, and then the next. Before I knew it I was, surprisingly, already at one of the exits in this giant, good-for-nothing home. I typed the passcode into the security pad, and then after the light above the keys turned green, I slowly and quietly opened the door and once again poked my head out. I couldn't see anyone. Fate must be on my side tonight; this place is usually riddled with men in black suits, black Ray Bans, and ear pieces. I ran faster than ever towards the old 1957 Porsche Speedster 1600 that my dad has been restoring. She's beautiful with her white shiny coat of paint, and red interior. It wasn't very inconspicuous for a getaway car, but she was fast and it would piss my dad off even more if I took her. I tossed my bag into the back and hopped in. I shoved the keys into the ignition and sped off toward the big gate. So close… I thought, so close to freedom! I reached the gate and leaned over the edge of the car to punch in the code that opens the door to my freedom. As the gates inched open, I gave a tiny squeal. After sixteen years of a smothered existence I was finally free! I sped down the street, away from my former prison. Sweet Liberation! I couldn't help the odd feeling of being out alone, without security personnel breathing down my neck. It felt amazing! After basking in the wonderful moment, I began thinking about my father and stepmother. My father, Charles Swan (i.e. Mr. President), is really a good man and I hate the thought of running away from him, but I can't stand being America's Sweetheart much longer. I'm going insane! Not to mention my psychotic stepmom, Sue, is a raging bitch. So that's why I'm here in the Porsche, speeding down a dark street going Lord knows where. Where am I going? I didn't recognize the street I was on, the streetlamps were out, it was pitch black, and I was getting very nervous. I tried to look at a street sign when there was suddenly a white flash in the road in front of me, causing me swerve and slam into a fucking fire hydrant. The impacts caused my head to snap back a little, causing me to wince in pain. My car sputtered a couple of times before completely shutting off. "Fucking great." I grumbled before thumping my forehead on the steering wheel a couple of times. Talk about a depressing getaway. I believe this is what common people call a 'fail'. As I raise my head I take in my surroundings I realize I'm not in the best part of town. There's a parking lot in front of me with several seedy looking shops and businesses. There's a small pub to the left, a Wu's Nail Salon next to that, then what appeared to be a tattoo shop named Skull Studios, and then a suspicious place called Pleasure Palace. I didn't even want to speculate that one. The nail salon was closed, and the pub with the bikers out front looked a little scary to be honest, so I shoved the dented door of my Porsche open and slowly started to walk toward Skull Studios. I figured it was my best bet to try and get some help since there's no way in hell that I'm going to Pleasure Palace. I was even surprised a tattoo parlor was open at two o'clock in the morning. Then I thought, what the hell do I know about tattoo shops? Nada. So I left it at that. As I reached closer I noticed that the windows were pitched black and I couldn't see inside except for the fluorescent sign on the outside advertising that they were indeed open. I was a still a bit tentative as I reached toward the door and slowly pulling it open with what had to be a terrified look on my face. The inside was breathtaking, nothing like the outside. It was all vintage looking with old signs on the dark black walls, and deep colored furniture. It was all very cozy in an edgy kind of way. There was a front desk with a couple of display boxes in front showing different pieces they've done. I observed them as I walked toward the desk and noticed a very beautiful piece that covered a woman's arm. It was a simple feather that, once it got towards the top, transformed into a plethora of little birds flying up and winding around her arm. "Can I help you?" A beautiful blonde asked me with sarcasm. She had her nose pierced and snake bites and she only had a few tattoos. She didn't look that much older than me. As I was about to answer there was a rather loud yelp that came from behind a closed dark purple curtain. My eyes might have widened a bit as I realized I probably should have stayed in the car. The girl chuckled, "Piercing room." She explained, "Now can I help you with something, Sweetie?" She asked a bit nicer this time. I think she realized I was about to shit my pants. "Umm.. C-car.." I mumbled stupidly. She raised a sculpted brow at me, her blue eyes standing out against the mass of black eyeliner. "Car?" She asked like I was stupid, "What about a car…?" "M-my car… It's -" I was cut off by another yelp and I gulped loudly. The girl chuckled again. "Are you having car troubles or somethin'?" She questioned, her mouth turning up a bit at the corners. "Because I'm guessing you didn't come here to get tatted or pierced." I took a calming breath. It's just a tattoo shop, not a torture chamber. Stop being a baby! Nobody's going to hurt you… After my little pep-talk to myself I cleared my throat and spoke, "Yes, I crashed my car into a fire hydrant…" I announced, realizing how stupid that sounded after I said it aloud. She snorted, "A fire hydrant? Nice." She was smiling now, "Do you need a phone? 911? Anything?" As I was about to answer, I was interrupted again. My annoyance flared at the prospect of being interrupted. Don't they know who I am? A young woman came out from behind the dark purple curtain touching her lip where there were obviously new snake bites on her bottom lip. There was red all around the piercings but it wasn't swollen so I figured it must be legit. Behind her a tall man with a mess of rusty brown hair stepped out. He was covered in tattoos, but not in an unattractive kind of way. All that could be seen was a sleeve on each arm and a few on his neck, the rest was covered with a tight grey V-neck, black pants that hung low on his hips, and red vans. I involuntarily licked my lips. His green eyes met mine and his eyes widened a bit before he turned toward the girl he came out of the back room with. He began quietly talking to her and I turned back to the girl behind the desk. "No... I don't know what to do." I said honestly, thinking for the first time that maybe my plan to runaway was stupid. She smiled a bit at me, "Well do you live here? Or do you need a hotel?" She asked, turning toward her computer and clicking on the mouse some. Well, I could lie and say that I don't live here but I can't get a hotel because I'm not eighteen. She noticed my hesitation and raised both of her eyebrows. "Well?" She asked. Green eyes looked over at her, then at me. I hadn't noticed his client had left. "What's going on?" He asked in the most attractive voice I'd ever heard. It was soft and melodic, caressing my skin like a kiss. I felt myself relax as I looked at him and all of his gloriousness. This man was seriously gorgeous. "Well, this chick here…" She trailed off, wanting my name. "Bella." I replied shortly. "This chick, Bella, crashed her car into a fire hydrant, and now she doesn't know what to do." She said looking up at him. His eyebrows furrowed and he looked at me, checking me over, looking for injuries I suppose. "Are you alright?" He asked with concern. I smiled at bit at his cuteness. "I'm perfect." It came out more of a purr and I was momentarily stunned at myself. Where had that come from? Since when do I fucking purr? Since you decided to run away and get hot over a stranger, my inner voice retaliated. Green eyes' eyebrows rose a bit at my tone and then the left side of his mouth lifted a bit in a small crooked smile that I found absolutely endearing. "That's good to hear. Well, since you don't know what to do, you can just chill here until you figure it out. We're open all night so take your time." Why are my panties getting wet? "I don't want to be a bother." I said in my 'America's Sweetheart' voice, and then cursed myself. Old habits die hard I'm afraid. Green Eyes just smirked. "She can't just stay here for as long as she likes." The blonde said a bit hotly to the beauty. "Sure she can. Don't you know who she is?" He replied. Fuck, no. "She's Bella…" Blondie said like it was the most obvious thing. "Yeah, dumbass," He said with a smirk, "Isabella Swan. You know the President's daughter?" He mocked. Blondie gasped. "Oh." Was all she said before she glanced at me, and then went back to typing on the computer. Green Eyes chuckled then walked over to the couches and sat down, patting the spot on the opposite side of the couch. I confidently walked over and sat down, crossing my legs. His eyes traveled to my leather clad legs and he smiled that devilish smirk of his. "I never expected the President's