Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters. (Because if I did!...) Author's Note: Yay! New fic I'm working on! Well, if you read my profile you would know that I absolutely love the Marauders; as such, I decided to finally find some courage and write a story about their time. It spans their last two years of Hogwarts and switches viewpoints, going from the boys, Lily, and Snape. From the looks of it it's going to be pretty long and I am going to make Lily and James' relationship progress realistically and gradually. It's not going to be any of that, "Lily woke up one morning and realized she had been wrong all those years—she loved James Potter." I can't stand that. I am trying my hardest to have everything coincide with JKR's facts but I may have a slip up here and there, so forgive me in advance if it happens. Who's To Say? Chapter 1 And you say we're too young but maybe you're too old to remember And I try to pretend, but I just feel it when we're together And if you don't believe me you never really knew us You never really knew… The subject of James Potter was mentally challenging for Lily Evans and usually resulted in a headache, anger, or both. This said topic was even more difficult to think about after what had occurred last week during OWLs and the many feelings it had left Lily with. Here she was on the Hogwarts Express going home for the summer at the end of her fifth year and, if she was perfectly honest with herself, she felt horrible. The end of the year was usually a celebratory time but Lily felt like doing anything but celebrate. What did she have to be excited about? The loss of a good friend? She envisioned a long, awkward summer at home with no one to spend it with now that she and Severus Snape were no longer on speaking terms. It was hurtful for Lily to know that she and her close companion were no longer friends, and that he had shattered their bond with a single word. She had thought she knew him better than that, thought he was a genuinely good person under his murky exterior—is this not what she had constantly told her friends? And perhaps Severus still was a good person and had merely called her that awful name because he was embarrassed and panicked at that moment, not truly meaning it. But Lily could not get past it and did not feel she should have to. Severus was supposed to have been her best friend and friends did not shout slurs at friends, especially when the latter friends were trying to help . Lily had looked past Severus' immoral discrepancies countless times, telling herself his Slytherin friends were influencing him and that he would outgrow it. But he still had not, and to add insult to injury, he had called her, his best friends of years , a Mudblood. Lily could no longer look the other way. Severus had proven himself to not be the boy she had cared about. It was a terrible feeling and she felt betrayed. Lily could only imagine what her friends and peers were saying when she was not around, that they had been right about Snape all along. And the self-dubbed Marauders must have had a field day all week long, especially James Potter. At the thought of this name she groaned inwardly, and the memory of the lake fiasco and Severus dangling in the air played in her mind for about the 10,000th time. Why did Potter and his stupid friend Black have to attack Severus when he had done nothing to them?! Their arrogance and all assuming manner was completely repulsive. And then why did Potter have to stand up for Lily, so sincerely, when Severus had uttered that foul word? That was not like usual, self-absorbed self and she found it unsettling. "Lily, I think you've been in here by yourself long enough!" a voice remarked as the compartment door opened. She looked to it and saw her good friend Dorcas Meadowes. "Is it my fault you three left me? What do you want me to?" the red head replied. "Come out and be social!" Dorcas commented, smiling. She was a rather short witch, a half blood, with dark hair that was styled in a bob and framed her pleasant face. She was also a fifth year Gryffindor like Lily and exuded lively confidence. "I'm not really in the mood, Dorcas. And besides, the only ones I want to speak to are you three. Where did you run off anyway?" "Alice is with Frank and Marlene wanted to talk OWLs with her Ravenclaw friends. Why she is still discussing those damned exams is beyond me!" "And you?" questioned Lily. "I was… noting the finer points of Quidditch with some of the wizards!" Dorcas innocently claimed. Lily smirked. For her friend to scold Marlene for discussing academics was hypocritical because Dorcas held the same passion for Quidditch! (She was also on the Gryffindor Quidditch team and had been for two years now). "Then you all seem to be getting along without me just fine! I'm not needed. I've got prefect rounds soon anyway…" Lily informed. "Yes, but you're wanted Lily!" "Dorcas. Really. The thought of talking to multiple people is not really what I want to do right now." Dorcas frowned slightly, looking at her friend. "Are you still upset over this Snape issue?" she asked. "If I am, I have every right to be Dorcas," Lily quietly noted, looking at the other witch, "He was my friend for years, since we were little. Before Hogwarts was even a part of my life." "I know you two were close Lily, but he is obviously not worth your grief! He thought nothing of calling you that horrid name!" Lily gave a small nod but did not verbally reply. Dorcas could see that her friend truly was dejected and mentally kicked herself. "Never mind what I said about coming out. I'll sit with you again," she said, walking in and taking a seat. "Oh, Dorcas, don't feel obligated to stay. I know you were having a good time." Lily protested. "And I can resume it here," smiled Dorcas. "Resume what?" a witch questioned, coming into the compartment and shutting the door behind her. "Nothing. Where were you?" "The loo. Ugh, but it was such a headache!" Mary Macdonald answered, rolling her eyes and sitting next to Lily. "How so?" wondered Lily, eyebrows raised. Mary was the last fifth year Gryffindor witch in their dormitory and was a Muggleborn like Lily. She had curly black hair and a rather serious demeanor. "Two sixth years decided to magic the floor right near the bathrooms into quicksand and a couple of second and third years got caught in it. The Head Boy and Girl had to come and help sort it all out so it took much longer than anticipated," she reported. "And you stayed the entire time?" Dorcas wondered. "Of course—I helped! I really had to go!," Mary answered. Lily laughed lightly and Dorcas smiled, "Where's Alice? She was here when I left." "Oh, off with Frank Longbottom." Lily told her. Mary smirked knowingly and then said: "She really does fancy him doesn't she? They've been going out for a month and she's been with him nearly all four weeks!" "It's fresh," Dorcas interjected, grinning, "What can you say? Wait 'til September comes—they'll have seen each other so much during the summer they'll be knackered out." The compartment door then opened once more and laughter greeted the girls' ears. (Lily's time alone was clearly finished). Marlene McKinnon strolled into the small room smiling and the companion she had brought with her stood in the doorway. Marlene was a tall witch with long, wavy, copper brown hair that sprawled across her back and gleamed. She came from a pureblood wizarding family and was one of the most amicable, optimistic people at Hogwarts. The person in the doorway was in fact a wizard and not a witch, but did happen to be a fifth year Gryffindor. He was fairly tall and had a head of brown hair. "You're back," Dorcas began, looking at Marlene as she sat next to her, "Done boring people with OWLs talk?" The smile that had illuminated Marlene's face left momentarily, replaced by a frown. Lily shook her head, hiding a small smile, before turning to the wizard. "Hello Remus!" she greeted. "Lily," he smiled in return, "Mary. Dorcas." "All right?" Dorcas pondered. "Just fine, thanks." "Remus walked me here because he needed to get you Lily." Marlene informed. "Yes. The Head Boy and Girl want us to start our rounds now it seems. Matthew said something about the bathrooms, magic and prefects doing more…" Remus Lupin added. "D'you see?" Mary said triumphantly. "Okay then," Lily stated, standing up, "I'll be back in a bit." He moved aside to let her pass first and they started down the corridor. Lily had been slightly shocked when she had received her prefect badge in the mail last summer. She had spent her entire fourth year thinking that Marlene was the obvious choice for prefect, even though both girls were exemplary students, so it had been somewhat of a surprise, though she accepted it happily. Consequently, she had known Remus was going to get it without much question. His only possible competition had been Frank, and Frank, while a great student, was quite absentminded and disorganized at times. "So are you looking forward to the holiday?" Remus asked. "Mmm… not in particular," she admitted. "Really? Why?" "I have nothing to look forward to, really. Well, I suppose I can count on my sister ignoring me and not having my friends around. That'll be great." Lily commented, smiling sadly. "Do you really have no one?" he inquired. "I used to…" she responded. Remus looked at her then straight ahead, feeling guilty for some strange reason. He knew she meant Snape; she had told him during their fourth year that Snape lived near her. "But, my parents did say they were planning a trip to New Zealand in August so I do have that to be happy about," Lily noted after a brief period of silence, smiling, "What about you Remus?" "Well, no trips to New Zealand," he grinned, "But one of the Ma… one of my mates , invited me over for two weeks in July." Lily scrunched up her face slightly, knowing he was referring to one of the Marauders. As much as she liked Remus, she could not stand his friends and rarely hid it. She had wondered many times in the past five years what they had in common or what he saw in them, for he was nothing like them. "Remus," started Lily, figuring now was the perfect time to ask him her old question, "Why do you spend your time with Potter and Black?" He quickly looked at her sideways and stuffed his hands in his pockets, his face beginning to show signs of being uncomfortable. "I mean, you are—" "Nothing like them? I know," he finished. "Then why—" "Because they are wonderful friends, Lily." Remus told her softly. "Are they?" she challenged. "Yes," he replied firmly, looking at her with conviction. He then sighed wearily, "I know what they do is completely wrong sometimes. I'm very aware of it." "A lot of times." Lily muttered. "But unless someone takes the time to look past the surface, to actually get to know them, then… it's hard to explain." She did not answered and appeared to be in deep thought, looking ahead and frowning. "Look Lily. What James and Sirius did down by the lake was just uncalled for. It was wrong. Snape… Severus , didn't deserve it. I should've