The red-eyed assholes were after me again. I barely had a few seconds at a time to rest before I could smell them advancing on me. The wind had been blowing from behind me all day and I was grateful for it. I wouldn't had known that the sweet-smelling douches weren't far behind me. You see, I'm a werewolf, and those emo-looking ass-lickers hate us for some reason. They're so annoying, constantly slaughtering what's rightfully mine. I am an expert at werewolf slaughter, you see, and I've made it my life's purpose to hunt them down and rip them limb from limb. I'm much better equipped to handle my own species than those flowery scented sparkle princesses. You see, my kind trusts me when we're all in wolf-mode. They smell that I'm one of them, and therefore not on the menu (as there are extremely few things that aren't on the menu for them). I'm also drawn to those other werewolves. It's like I have werewolf-GPS built into my skull when I'm transformed in the full moon. I think all wolves have this sense so we can come together to hunt as a pack. Not to mention the fact that I have wicked sharp claws and teeth, plus my immense strength and fighting skills. You're probably confused. "Why on earth is a werewolf trying to kill their own kind?!" You're thinking in disbelief, "And how do they do it?" Well kiddo, not just anyone can become a professional wolf slayer like me. I'm pretty special. I can fully control my wolf form, which I've never seen another wolf do. This means the full moon is not necessary for me to transform and I have complete control of myself. (Although it's a bit harder to think clearly while the full moon is out.) Other werewolves, while in wolf-mode, are unpredictable asshats who tear apart and eat anything that moves. That unpredictable, ferocious attitude of theirs is just one of the many reasons why I completely despise other werewolves, but I'll get to the other reasons in a sec. Charging into a pack of them head on is a death sentence. That seems to be the only offensive tactic that those pale idiots try to use. The only reason that they've succeeded is because of these off-the-wall, crazy powers I've seen them use. However, they've still lost many who don't have powers because of their headstrong battle tactics. Ugh, such dumbasses. The proper way to kill them is to lure one away from the pack. I pretend to scent prey or offer meat scraps to get them away from the others. Then I quickly slash through their spine and tear them apart before they can heal. It can be very exhausting to do this with large packs. Luckily, packs have dwindled in size (thanks to the red-eyed jackasses) and lone wolves are far more common nowadays. Now that that's out of the way, I can finally explain why these oversized mutts are so despicable in my mind. First of all, and most importantly to me, they killed my parents and technically my brother. I say "technically" because I'm actually the one who killed him. I had to, though! He was the one who murdered my parents and passed this curse onto me. Before him, another wolf had to have bitten him, but I was sure that one was long dead. When I was fourteen, and my brother only eight, he was almost torn apart by what we thought was a wild animal at the time. He lost his arm but survived. After a few weeks of recovery, he was allowed to come home. My parents knew that seeing my sweet little brother in pain made me upset, so they let me go out with my friends a lot. One day, after a friend dropped me off at night, I came home to find a bloodied house. I immediately checked my brother's room. There, I found my parents. What was left of them, at least. My brother had turned into a big, black creature. Too big for his previously small human frame. He chased me into the bathroom, where he got a good swipe at me with his one arm before getting tangled up in the shower curtain. As he untangled himself from the plastic sheet, I was able to run and hide in the basement. I know that being scratched didn't make you turn into a werewolf and I knew that back then too. But I did remember seeing him lick the gore off of his claws. I prayed it wouldn't affect me. Such hope was useless. A few days later, I changed into a beast like him and my new feral instincts forced me to leave my underground hideout. The instincts made me seek out the closest werewolf, who was my brother. When I found him, still in his room, he didn't attack me. He led me out to hunt, and we sought out other wolves together. It turned out that there were much more than just us and the mysterious third wolf who transformed my now arm-less brother. There were at least five other wolves who hunted with us that night. No humans died at our hands, but many deer, domestic pets, and cattle did. After the moon sank into the ground and the sun arose, my brother and I found ourselves still beasts while the others turned to men. The men simply stumbled home and my brother and I let them be. My common sense came back with the morning sun. The body that should have accompanied this awareness seemed lost and I was trapped within this monster. I felt frightened and didn't know what to do about this, so I followed my brother. 'Maybe he's as aware as I am and could help me!' I thought. My brother led me back to our home, where I followed him into his room. There were the bodies of my mother and father, whom I loved so dearly. He had no reaction to seeing them like this and made no movement to remove the horrid sight from his room. Seeing their remains was like a smack in the face. When I saw that my brother had almost picked their bodies clean, I realized he wasn't himself and needed to die. So I killed him. The next full moon brought my first glimpse of the sweet-smelling red-eyes. I still hadn't figured out how to turn back and decided to stay put inside the house, biting open cans and raiding the food left in the fridge to keep myself fed. I'd buried my parents in the back yard, but left my brother's body inside his room. The beast he died as was not himself, and I wouldn't give it a place beside my mother and father. I would often sit outside and stare at the slightly upraised piles of dirt that contained my parents. That night I decided to go sit with them again. When I left my room, I smelled something sickly sweet and alarms blared inside my skull, screaming: 'Danger!' Whatever the scent was, it was something bad. I crept out and was shocked to find my brother's room was absent of his putrid carcass. I was very afraid that he somehow came back to life in the full moon, but I was wrong. Instead, what I found was my parents' dirty remains in the middle of the living room carpet. Their parts were carefully placed back in order, as if they had just slumped to the ground and magically rotted. Someone, a human form in black, was replacing the batteries in our smoke detector. He then proceeded to pour something smelly all over the room. I escaped his notice. He ran to our sliding glass doors inhumanly fast and tossed a match into the room before completely disappearing into the night. The room erupted in flames and I hightailed it out of the living room before I could burn with my parents. I jumped through my room's window and watched from the hill by our country home as flames danced from it. My next encounter with the dangerous smelling people was after I decided to make it my life's mission to destroy the creatures who led to my parents' demise. I was trying to kill stray wolves before they caught up to others and formed a pack. That was how I used to kill them, and I still do it every now and again, but only if the others are a sizable distance away. If I was too close and they heard our fight, the pack would come running to the aid of the other wolf. This was exactly what happened before the red-eyes appeared. I'd just torn open one wolf's throat when another wolf came leaping at me. I yelped and tried to run off, but more came and one grabbed me. It started clawing and snapping at my face and I probably would have been killed that night. Fate wouldn't let me die that night, though. One of those pale assholes pulled the wolf off of me and punched its face in. Other pale ones in dark cloaks started pouring out of the woodwork and I barely escaped. They culled the pack, but it took all night and they lost many of their fighters. When the sun rose, they easily killed the disoriented men and women who transformed back into their vulnerable human forms. I learned several things from that experience, most about the red-eyes. One; do not use that method to kill werewolves when they're so close to a pack. Two; have a healthy fear and respect of the sweet-smelling danger-cloaks. Two and a half; those guys are still kind of assholes for killing what was rightfully mine to destroy. (I mean, I tracked that pack for weeks! What the hell, man?!) Three; Burning the cloaked jerks kills them, while biting them leaves permanent injuries, and ripping their limbs off with brute force or claws does nothing. (They reattach them after licking their limbs. Ew.) Four; some scientists should study their spit. It could be serve as a magical, revolutionary super-glue that could fix anything! Number four turned out to be stupid, I know. What? I was like 15 and still quite naïve. I got bitten a few months afterward by one of those guys (Yeah, they bite. Like big ole piranhas. Took a chunk outta my arm!) and it burned like hell . I don't know how that satanic substance could possibly serve a useful function after that awful experience. The night I suffered that bite was yet another time I almost died. Again, those fucking dick-suckers ambushed a pack I was methodically destroying. I ran off with, like, five of those pale asshats clinging to me, trying to bring me down. (Okay, it was actually like three at the most. Let me feel gloriously powerful. Pls.) I flung 'em off me and they expected me to turn and fight them. Nah, I fled like a chicken, catching them by surprise. They tracked me for a good three days or so before I lost them. I haven't had another run-in with them until today. You're expecting me to continue on with the details of their pursuit now, but I'm not quite ready yet. Okay, so I kinda fibbed about there being no one like me. So I need to tell you about them, first. It wouldn't be fair to her if I didn't say anything about her. Her name was Mandie. She was born a boy, but she always felt more like a woman. I thought she was crazy, but I learned to respect her. She was just so… different. I've never met anyone like her, both in body and in mind. She started out as a werewolf who I was going to kill. The red-brown wolf was scrawnier than the others, so I saved her