Hi! Long time no see! I've been trying to get back into writing and decided that Twilight is the way to go. I've gotten almost obsessed with it lately. I love the Quileute shifters but I love the Volturi the most! Aro's silly, pffft. (Marcus is my favorite, though. Don't tell Aro.) I probably won't update Secrets are a Terrible Burden or Forgotten. I'm not really interested in Zelda stuff anymore. My interests change rather quickly. Haha sorry, Ghirahim! Btw, I deleted The Last Thing I Would Want because… BLEH. Smh at my 15 year old self for so many spelling errors and general stupidity. I don't even have a copy of it saved anymore. GOOD. Don't ask me to put it back up or rewrite it. It just needs to go away. Sorry if you liked it. If you've never seen me before, erm, hi there. Disregard most of the stuff I just said. If I use too many commas, then I'm sorry. I think I'm using them properly but idk. :P "Ain't no sound but the sound of his feet Machine guns ready to go Are you ready? Hey are you ready for this? Are you hanging on the edge of your seat? Out of the doorway the bullets rip To the sound of the beat Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust And another one gone, and another one gone Another one bites the dust Hey, I'm gonna get you too Another one bites the dust" - Queen, Another One Bites the Dust. Chapter One My feet swept swiftly along the dirt trail as I ran. The rhythmic thuds were almost lulling me into a trance. However, I couldn't allow that to happen. I needed to focus more than ever. I needed to find her, so I pushed myself to go faster. All the others I came across were long gone. The only remaining one was her, and I knew she was here somewhere. A freshly scuffed patch of soil came into view and that told me I was close. But how close? How far ahead was she? The trail seemed to go on and on. Maybe I would never catch up to her... Then, in the distance, I finally spotted my prey. I was so close to catching her, yet so far. I was tired as well. So, so tired. My calves were burning, but I knew I was almost caught up to her. I have to keep going. I forced my legs to pump as fast as they could go while remaining as silent as possible. Silence would be key in catching her. She wouldn't hear me until it was too late. A wicked smile spread across my lips as I envisioned victory. A victory which would be most unlucky for her. I was soon close enough to touch her. The girl heard my breathing and quiet footfalls and she rocketed forward in shock. The girl hadn't expected me. Good. Adrenaline must be pouring through her veins. It would wear off soon and hopefully leave her shaky and breathless. That's when I could make my move. I kept myself as close behind her as I could manage, making sure she wouldn't go too far. I didn't want to lose her when we were so close to ending this. Keep moving. Keep breathing. Run harder. I told myself inside my head, If you slow down even a little, she'll win. I snarled at the thought of her winning instead of me and thrust myself forward even faster. The girl responded by increasing her speed as well. Determination filled every fiber of my being as I raced neck and neck with her. She couldn't win! No one could win against me when I was this determined! She was going down. Each breath bathed my lungs in scorching heat. My leg muscles felt as though they were being scalded and torn apart. The throbbing of my pulse in my ears was deafening and painful. The girl was letting out cries of discomfort each time she breathed out. We felt such torment and both our bodies begged for relief, though only one of us would continue and succeed. Everything abruptly turned into slow motion as the girl tried to dart in front of me, but tripped over her own fast moving legs. Her spikes cut her leg and left a shallow gash on her calf. I would have tripped over her and gotten cut on her spikes too if I hadn't made a split second decision to leap over her while she was still falling. Once I hurdled and scarcely cleared her, the slow motion stopped and I was suddenly going very fast again. It was dizzying. Sudden enthusiastic shrieks sobered me up as spectators caught sight of me. They drowned out the noises of the girl sobbing and retching behind me. I was in the lead and almost to the finish. I felt like an excited dog that saw their owner after a long day. But instead of jumping around like a happy puppy, I made myself sprint as fast I could. My coach began shouting at me as he saw me near the finish line. "That's it, Al! Push, girl! Push! All the way to the finish! You got this! She's behind you, Al! Go!" he shouted as I raced by him. I knew there was no way anyone was behind me. The girl I just passed had a face full of gravel and a cut leg. She probably threw up, too. Nevertheless, I pushed myself like he said to. I wanted to beat my personal record, which was 15:46. I didn't think it was possible, but I managed to go even faster when I saw the finish line. I don't think I'd even gone this fast in track! As I dashed over the finish, I caught a glimpse of the timer out of the corner of my eye. It was 14:57 and my fastest 5k time ever. " Alex?! " I jumped when my mom shouted at me, then I gave her a glare. "You weren't listening to me, hon! Don't give me that look!" she said sternly, "Were you having an episode?" "No, mom! Sheesh, I was just lost in thought." I rolled my eyes at her. "Okay, babe. As I was saying, make sure you double check that you have everything! Put the rest of your boxes downstairs so they get loaded into the van. Then let me know when you're done." My mom ordered me. I knew where to put these stupid boxes! She didn't need to lecture me about it 20 times! A familiar heat crawled up my spine and I went rigid. I didn't move and concentrated on calm, happy thoughts. I hated all these stupid hot flashes. Stupid hormones. Stupid genes. I glared down at the box and realized I was gripping the edges super hard. I released them and saw they were bent. Whoops. I gave a solemn look at the contents within it. Inside was my trophy from the day I reminisced about. I got a medal, too, but my team got a trophy for having runners with the best times. My coach let me keep it after it was displayed because I contributed the most effort. I put a layer of bubble wrap over it and piled in my various medals and smaller trophies on top. Then I sealed it up and placed it with the other remaining boxes by my door. My room was eerily bare and I wanted all the furniture back. I wished I could stay here. This was my home! I grew up here! I met most of my friends here and I've been their friend since I was like four! I hate my mom. This is her fault! She got a new job in Seattle and now we have to move there because of her. To make matters worse, she contacted some of my relatives near there. I'm like, 1/ 3 Native American. Probably less. Who cares?! My dad had a little bit of Quileute lineage and my mom was really into that when they dated. Ugh. I don't even look Quileute! My skin's as pale as my mom's and I have dark blonde hair. My grandma called it 'dishwater blonde'. Gross. I'd rather stick with calling it dark blonde, thank you very much. Everyone says my eyes are blue, but they look dark grey to me. I would love to have sky-blue eyes like models in ads. Blue is such a pretty color, but too bad for me. My genes flipped me the bird and didn't make me as hot as I could have been. I don't even have pretty cheekbones. The only thing that suggests Native American genes is my eyebrows. They're thick, dark, disgusting, and stand out against my light skin. If I had to change one part of me, it would be that. I tried plucking them but it doesn't make them stand out any less vibrantly. Ugh, they're so ugly! I was so hot now that it felt like steam was rolling off of me. Anger boiled up inside me and I suddenly punched the wall. It left a dent. The pain from the impact just made me even more angry! "Alex?!" I heard my mom from downstairs. "Shut up, mom!" I screamed at her. She knows that name pisses me off! It's a boy's name! I'm a girl! I heard her run up the stairs and she opened my door. "Calm down, hon. You're gonna make yourself sick." She said soothingly. It sounded mocking to me, though. "This move is making me sick! You're making me sick! This is your fault!" I had a sudden urge to punch her like I did to the wall. That urge snapped me back to reality. I took a deep breath. I don't want to hurt her. Happy thoughts, Ali. Fucking pull yourself together. "Good now?" My mom hummed. I nodded. "You done in here? Did you double check?" "No, but can you bring a box downstairs for me?" I asked. "Ali, I already have enough to do. You can get it. You're young and strong." She petted my head and walked out. It felt like a giant mosquito came by and sucked all the emotions out of me when she brushed me off like that. I robotically checked the room one last time and started bringing my boxes down one by one. Those anger inducing hot flashes were something my Quileute relatives were interested in. My mom started talking to some lady called Clear Water or something and when she told her about my "episodes", as she calls them, Clear Water freaked out a little. Clear Water told my mom that it could be from a genetic illness and that I had to go to the reservation to get it treated. At first my mom was like, "Nooo," but when they offered us a free place to stay at the Quileute Reservation because I was part Quileute, the penny pincher had a change of heart. Personally, I think the genetic illness crap is because of my extra chromosome. No, I don't have down syndrome, you asshole. A while ago, my mom saw a commercial on TV that gave you a DNA kit. They'd send you a kit that lets you swab your cheek and put it in a vial. Then you'd send it back and they'd test it for you. Of course, my mom thought it would be a great way to get in touch with my roots or some shit. She ordered it, made me swab my cheek, and sent it in. When the results came back, they said I had an extra chromosome. My mom made me to go to various geneticists and doctors to make sure I was alright. At first, they thought it was down syndrome. However, the extra chromosome was not