A/N: Please note that italics are flashbacks. If there are any mistakes please let me know. I'm a bad editor and I have no beta. Thanks. Talk to me on my tumblr hoesidon "What do we have?" The ER doctors asked as the paramedics rushed in another patient. "Male, seems to be in his late teens, severe car accident. He's been in and out of conciousness since we've arrived." The paramedics answered as they pushed the car crash victim to one of the available rooms. "Any form of ID?" One of the doctor's asked. "We found his driver's license. Name's Percy Jackson." "Inform the next of ken." "On it sir!" "Mr. Jackson? Can you hear me?" One of the doctor's asked as they checked his airways. "He's not breathing well on his own. Will, check for neuro damage and get me a breathing tube stat! His circulation isn't good either, his heart isn't pumping like it should be. Could be internal bleeding. He needs to get a CT scan, an x-ray, and an ultrasound on his abdomen right away." Percy tried to focus on what the doctors were saying and what was going on around him, but he couldn't focus. All he felt was pain, lots and lots of pain. He wasn't sure where they were rushing him off to or what happened, but he was trying to focus on his mother. His poor mother at home with his step-dad Paul, blissfully unaware of what was currently going on and what happened. His amazing mother, who sacrificed so much for him, always putting his needs before her own, always doing what was best to keep him safe and out of harm's way, is sitting at home on a Friday night thinking he'll be returning home from college for the weekend and should be walking through the door any minute. She has no idea that she'll probably never see her only child again. Every night before bed, Sally Jackson would tuck her son into bed and tell him stories about guardian angels and how they protect and watch over people. Sometimes she would even tell him stories about soulmates. But Percy never understood, if soulmates and guardian angels were real, then why didn't his mother have one? She of all people deserved to be happy and safe. She deserved all the happiness in the world and a better life, not a troublemaking kid like himself. But she always told him she didn't need anyone else, he was all she needed because he was her whole world and she'd do anything to protect him. But he still didn't understand how she still kept believing in soulmates and guardian angels with how hard her life was. What kind of guardian angel let's a five year old little girl lose both of her parents in a plane crash? What kind of guardian angel lets her marry the scum that is Gabe Uglanio? What kind of guardian angel lets such an amazing woman go through the mental and physical abuse Gabe put her through for years? If guardian angels were real, her's deserved to be demoted to a lower status. And as for soulmates, Percy didn't believe in them and had no reason to, his parents are a fine example that soulmates don't exist. But of course, his mother believed in soulmates. Another thing Percy didn't understand. If soulmates were real, how could anyone leave their soulmate and child behind? Especially for someone else? But according to his mother, soulmates are one of the greatest gifts you're given in life. They're supposed to bring out the best in you. They may not be perfect people, but they're perfect for you. They're your fresh breath of air, your reason to get up in the morning, the ones who makes the dark days better. Well, she used to believe that until she had Percy. She always said Percy was her greatest gift. His smile always made her day better and he was always the reason why she got out of bed in the morning. As long as she had Percy to come home to after a hard day of work, nothing else mattered. His happiness always made her happy. After his father's leaving, Sally married the vile that was Gabe. He'd call him trash but that would be an insult to trash cans and dumpsters everywhere. After years of physical and mental abuse, Gabe thankfully mysteriously disappeared when Percy was twelve. Weird. And for a few years, it was just him and his mother. That is until she met the man that she calls her second-chance soulmate, her breath of fresh air, his step-dad and tenth grade English teacher, Paul Blofis. If guardian angels were real, they'd finally done something right. Sally met him at one of her night classes and Percy knew instantly, by the look on her face when she talked about her night, that he would be her new source of happiness. A lot of things made his mother happy: baking cookies, puppies, babies, when Netflix uploaded more episodes and seasons of her favorite tv show, his friends Nico and his half-sister Hazel coming over. But her two favorite things were Percy and her night classes. True, her looking forward to her night classes could've been for her future book, but Percy suspected it had more to do with a certain Paul Blofis. It was a little weird at first for his mom to be dating his English teacher, but the way her eyes would light up when Paul would walk in the room, the look on her face when she talked about him, the way they looked at each other with pure love and adoration, made Percy push all of his feelings on the matter aside. The only thing he cared about was his mother's happiness. If his mother was happy with dating Paul, he would suck it up and accept it. His English teacher or not, Percy would accept their relationship. It's not like Paul was a bad guy anyway, he treated Sally like a queen and always made sure that Percy never felt left out. So as far as he was concerned, Paul was a great guy and he had his blessing to marry his mother. And he did, even asked Percy's permission first. "We're starting to lose him. Alert the OR that we're on our way. C'mon, Mr. Jackson, stay with us. Try and keep your eyes open." He tried, he really did. But it was getting harder and harder to stay awake. He was growing more and more tired by the second. All he wanted to do was sleep and wake up from this dream. A quick catnap wouldn't be so bad. The voices and all the noises surrounding him seemed to be getting further and further away from him and now it was growing harder to fight off the sleep that was threatening to over take him. Last thing he noticed were doctors standing over him. Then his eyes closed and sleep over took him. Percy woke up to an annoying beeping sound in his ears and some sort of tube down his throat. What the hell happened to him and where is he? Was he dead? With how much his body hurt he guesses it's possible. But he's pretty sure a person isn't supposed to feel pain when they're dead, they're supposed to be at peace or whatever. At least that's what his mother always told him. So maybe he isn't dead if the pain he's feeling is any indicator. So he's still alive. Great. That's one question answered. But still, what happened and where is he? He tried to open his eyes but to no avail. He tried to move a limb but nothing happened. Perhaps this is one those sleep paralysis cases. "He looks so lifeless." A masculine voice somewhere around him cracked. "This can't be happening." "You can stay longer if you want." Another voice, much more feminine than the first, spoke quietly and soothly as if she was comforting the male. "I can wait for you down in the cafeteria if you want." "I just need a minute. I'll meet you in the cafeteria." The voice sounded so broken Percy wanted to force himself awake and tell the voices he was okay. He wanted to comfort them but unfortunately, this sleep paralysis or whatever the hell it is, is currently preventing him from doing that. Percy heard some footsteps leaving the room and a door close quietly so he assumed the more feminine one of the two left to give the other some privacy. The guy took a breath and Percy could tell he was on the verge of tears, the way his voice cracked when he spoke gave it away. What made the whole thing worse, Percy didn't even know who the hell this guy is or why he's so upset. Surely Percy can't be in that bad of a position. But then again, with his inability to move or open his eyes, maybe he's in worser shape than he thinks. But still, who is this guy and why is he crying over him like they're lovers or something? Percy doesn't know anyone with a California accent. And who was that girl? He didn't recognize her voice either. "I didn't think I'd see you again this way." The guy spoke up after a moment's silence. "Actually, I didn't think I'd ever see you again." He took another breath. "I don't even know why I'm talking to you like this right now. You probably can't even hear me. Nor do you know who the hell I am. But if you can hear me, Percy, I'm so sorry. The next time I saw you, if I ever got the chance that is, I expected to see you when you were conscious and healthy. Not on your death bed looking lifeless." Percy heard what sounded like to be a chair being pulled up next to his bed and felt hands grab his. Damn, now he feels extremely bad for not knowing who the hell this guy is. "I didn't even know you were back. I've waited years and years for you to return but nothing. So for a while, I gave up and I traveled. I moved around a lot, I didn't like staying in one place for too long. It was nice to see different cities and countries, but it got lonely after a while. So I moved back to the states and landed in California and decided to go back to school. Then I saw you. Well, I didn't actually see you, not exactly. I got stuck rooming with this guy and he had a picture of you hanging up. I knew immediately it was you. Did you know you look the exactly the same as you did before? Well you do. Then I got really excited and happy to see that picture. I remember just staring at it for what felt like hours, and just thinking to myself 'he's back..he's alive.' I had to see you. So I asked my roommate who the guy in the photograph was. He just looked the picture and smiled widely and said 'That's my boyfriend, Percy.' Then that's when everything around me stopped." The voice sniffled. No matter who the hell this guy is, it broke Percy's heart. "At that moment I realized you weren't the same person. You were a completely different guy. You weren't the kid that I met on the playground all those years ago, you weren't the guy I grew up with, you weren't the guy I fell in love with. You weren't my best friend. You weren't Philip Cadoc-Caldwell. You were Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon and Sally Jackson. Captain of your high school and college swim team with a guaranteed spot in the Olympics for swimming. You were his boyfriend, not my best friend. That's when I realized I couldn't