It was days like today, that were extra hard on him. It's already been a few months since he's been gone and it's taken its toll on his mental stability. Building shrines for the Gods kept him busy and kept his mind off of him, it let him forget for a bit. And that's what Jason desperately needed at the moment. To forget. Not him, no not him, Jason didn't want to forget him. He wanted to forget what Tartarus did to him, what he did to himself. Building the shrines let him forget that for a bit, moving on wasn't as hard on him when he was away, being at camp Half-Blood was the hardest part. After he...left..Jason couldn't take staying at camp much longer, it held too many memories. Too many amazingly painful memories that Jason misses dearly. He couldn't take staying in his cabin by himself or sitting at his table alone. Whenever he and Hazel would visit they would sit at the Hades table with Percy and Nico and they called it "The Big Three" table. Mr. D gave them dirty looks for it but Chiron let them slide a few times but still made them sit at their own tables most of the time. It didn't make sense to them to have to sit alone, when they could just sit together. After Percy left, Jason, Nico, and Hazel couldn't bring themselves to continue the tradition, it didn't feel right without Percy. Nothing feels right without Percy. For the first few days after it happened, all Jason felt was numbness. He couldn't believe Percy was really gone, it was like a nightmare he couldn't wake up from. For the first few nights, Jason would sneak into the Poseidon cabin and curl up in the fetal position on Percy's bed, finding comfort in his scent. Chiron knew about Jason sneaking out of his cabin and into Percy's but he didn't say anything, he understood Jason was having a hard time coping with his death and let it slide. Whenever Jason would wake up in the morning he half expected Percy to be sitting at the Big Three table with Nico and Hazel waiting for him. Jason just can't believe all of this is his new permanent reality, Percy's really gone and there's nothing he can do to bring him back. Gods, Jason remembers getting that Gods awful call from Annabeth telling him of his best friend and secret lover's death. Jason had a feeling something wasn't right when he woke up. He didn't know what it was but something was just off about today. Hazel could sense it too and that's what freaked Jason out even more. Even the daughter of Pluto could tell something was seriously wrong but neither of them knew what it was. Whenever they told Reyna about their suspicions she gave them each a worried look but gave them each permission to go to camp Half-Blood to check things out to make sure nothing was wrong. As soon as they were about to leave for camp, Hazel froze mid step and her body went stiff and her eyes widened. Jason gave Reyna and Frank a worried glance. Soon Hazel was on the ground. Jason watched as Hazel fell to her knees crying and screaming, now he was worried. He knew something was seriously wrong, but he didn't know what. He watched as Frank ran to her side and held her close as he tried to calm her down, rubbing her back and placing many kisses on her head as Hazel cried. He and Reyna stood to the side, not knowing how to help their friend, she needed Frank. They decided they'll ask her what's wrong once she's calmer and able to form coherent sentences. Jason felt helpless as he watched Hazel cry for five straight minutes, and she didn't seem like she would be calming down any time soon. Jason was about to call Nico for assistance when he heard her mentioning 'Percy'. Reyna and Frank's eyes widened in surprise and Jason was instantly at her side. "Hazel, Hazel what's wrong? What's wrong with Percy?" Jason was frantic now. What did Percy do this time? Jason had a bad feeling in his gut but he didn't want to admit it. There's only one reason why Hazel was able to sense something about Percy and he didn't like the reasoning behind it and he refused to acknowledge it. It couldn't be true, there's no way. All of a sudden a image of a crying tear stained cheek Annabeth and Piper who was crying and holding Annabeth back, came into view. No..this can't be good. "J-J-Jason.." Annabeth cried out as she clutched her camp necklace. "Annabeth what's wrong?" Reyna stood behind Jason as she watched Annabeth and Piper with teary eyes. "H-He.." Annabeth choked out. "He what? Annabeth what did he do?" Annabeth cried into Piper's neck and Piper ran her fingers through her hair as she cried. "Jason..Percy's gone.." Jason felt like his world was crumbling before him. Percy can't be gone. He's the savior of Olympus, the fates can't be that cruel. "N-No..he can't be..Piper don't lie to me..Where is he?" Piper cried more and shook her head. Annabeth whimpered out and looked back at him, "H-H-He k-killed himself.." Annabeth choked out and sniffled. "These past few days he hasn't been himself, always angry, always losing his temper, snapping at everyone, including Chiron. He attacked another camper today." Jason zoned out everything else around him and fell to his knees. At that moment, Jason swore that his whole world started to slow down. He ignored everyone around him screaming out his name and trying to get his attention, the only thing he could focus on was what Annabeth said, "H-H-He k-killed himself.." . How could Percy do something like this? Jason experienced pain, he was abandoned as a child, he was stabbed with imperial gold, getting knocked out time after time, watching two of his close friends fall into hell, losing his best friend in the war against Gaea, even though he did come back after two months with some island chick, but nothing compared to the pain he was feeling now. Nothing comes close to the feeling of losing the one person you truly cared about more than anything, the person you love with every fiber of your being. Nothing can compare to the pain of losing Percy. And the worst part is, being able to prevent it but not being there to stop it. "H-H-He k-killed himself.." Jason kept hearing Annabeth's voice in his head. "H-H-He k-killed himself.." Jason felt his heart clench at the memory. He was currently in his cabin at Camp Half-Blood getting ready for the funeral. He doesn't know how long he's staying at camp but unfortunately Reyna has to leave for Camp Jupiter right after the funeral, she can't leave New Rome without a Praetor for too long. She along with Frank, Hazel, and Jason came whenever it happened but then she had to leave again right after and she came back yesterday for the funeral today. Frank can't stay long either since he's co-praetor and Reyna can't watch over a whole legion alone, but Reyna gave him permission to stay for one more day at camp. Hazel, like Jason, is still undecided. Reyna demanded she is to stay at camp with Nico and the others as long as needed. Jason sat down on his unmade bed and looked at the picture of him and Percy together on his bed side table. The picture was of the two of them sitting on the grass near the lake with Percy's head in Jason's lap and both of them laughing at what Jason remembers as one of their terrible bro jokes. He didn't even know the picture was taken until Nico sent it to him as "proof" that he and Percy were dating after Jason denied that they weren't. Jason saved the picture immediately. That picture is his personal favorite and a reminder of better times, a reminder of how happy Percy was at one point, a reminder of what Percy used to be. Percy and Annabeth were alright for the first few two weeks after the war but they still had their moments where they would scream out in the middle of the night with nightmares and they were snapping at people everyday but it was expected after their fall into hell. But then things started going down hill fast. They were fighting constantly, always yelling at each other, losing their temper with everyone, threatening other campers, threatening each other. Their once happy idealistic relationship was gone and replaced with anger and tears. Many people, along with Jason, thought they could work it out after Tartarus but they were wrong. Tartarus changed them. Jason remembers the day they broke up, he was in the infirmary with Will and giving him a long chat on how he better treat Nico right or else when he heard Annabeth screaming at Percy and other campers yelling out for help. When he and Will got to the training arena they found Percy pinning another camper, a son of Nemesis, to the ground and glaring down at him with a look of murder on his face, and a crying Annabeth screaming at him to stop before he kills the kid. It took Jason, Will, and an Ares kid to pull Percy off of him. Whenever they did manage to pull Percy off the kid, the Apollo kids quickly took the demigod to the infirmary and Annabeth was instantly in front of him crying and yelling at him for losing his temper. They ended up in a screaming match and then that's when Annabeth mentioning she was scared of him. Percy calmed down and looked like Annabeth just ripped his heart out with her dagger. He looked like a wounded puppy and Jason just wanted to hold him close and cuddle him. They broke up right then and there and that night is when Jason and Percy's secret relationship started. Their relationship didn't stay a secret for very long, the Aphrodite and Hermes cabin figured it out pretty quickly when they noticed Jason and Percy sneaking in and out of each others cabins late and night and in the early morning. Jason put the picture down and sniffled, he didn't know what to do. He was feeling lost, the feeling was like walking through a dark tunnel, with no lights to guide the way. It felt like the time when he was left alone in a camp full of strangers, he was three and his mother and sister were no where to be seen. He was scared, sad, and confused. Just like he is right now. While he was struggling to get out of bed and actually get the courage to go to the funeral, he heard a knock on the door. Resigned, he let out a quiet 'it's open' and watched as Piper entered his cabin and sat on his bed, waiting for her to say something. "Look, I know that you're broken and that you feel like you are never going to be happy again, but things will get better. I promise, and I know that there's nothing I can say that's gonna change the fact that Percy is gone forever, but I understand how you're feeling right now. Maybe I wasn't in love with him like you are, but he was my friend and one of the kindest and one of the greatest people I've ever met. So I just wanted you to know that if you need something, I'm here for you." Piper finished with teary eyes. Jason couldn't take it anymore and started to sob and cry like a little child as Piper pulls him close and holds him tight. "It's okay Jason, I'm here, it's okay." Piper tries to calm him down and Jason just relaxed in