Chapter 1: Shifters of New York I look up at the glass ceiling, the midnight sky dark as ever while the full moon shined bright. You can't see much of the stars here, with all the lights of New York. It's such a busy place to live in, but I love it. I remember as a kid I would always watch the night sky with my mom, Sarah. She would sit me on her lap on the front porch of our house, looking up at sky counting all the stars. Back then, we were in Forks, Seattle, so we could really see the stars. I felt an overwhelming sense of pain thinking of her. She had passed away fifteen years ago, when I was 13. She was suffering from major depression and unfortunately she killed herself. She self-medicated with alcohol, but on my father's death day she took too many pills. At that time I was so angry with her for leaving me alone in this world. When I found her body in the bathtub, I couldn't move. The world stopped spinning and my heart fell to my knees. It was the worst feeling in the world as it felt like an out-of-body experience. I never thought at that moment, my mom would leave me. I thought that she loved me. But now I know that it was inevitable. She just didn't trust herself with me, so she entrusted me to my dad's little brother, James. Uncle James didn't know she was going to kill herself, but before she did, my mom wrote an e-mail to him. Apparently, she told him that she had some important business to attend that would last for months. She had asked him to take me to Irondequoit, New York, where he lived with his wife and two sons. He agreed and that weekend, when he was supposed to come pick me up, she did it. I think the main reason why she did it was because of my dad who died in his mission in Afghanistan two years earlier. But I still feel as if I was reason for her death. I should have seen it coming and I should have helped her. I got off my bed and walked through my flat, trying to find my crappy cell phone. It was in the bathroom. I took off my shirt and tossed it in the laundry basket. I stood in front of the mirror and saw my tired face. My patrols had been getting later each day. It's usually from 12 am to 3 pm. Then I have 4 hours to sleep before I go to work. My cell phone rang just then and I quickly answered. "What's up Ash?" I asked, walking to my closet to find my clothes to wear for work so not to rush the last minute. Asher is my alpha and I was his second in command; he was also James older son, but he was more a brother to me than anything. Uncle James was had native blood from Washington—Quileute I think, and Aunty Lucy is Greek. I am also Quileute, but I don't know any of my relatives back home. Mom wouldn't tell me. "Noah, where are you?" he asked, his voice urgent. "At my flat, why? What's wrong?" I can't help wonder if a new leech was lurking around the borderlines. "We've found a pack of shape-shifters," he said. "What? Are you serious?" I couldn't believe that there were more people like us. "Yeah man, there from...Forks." Forks...my home town. I haven't gone back for fifteen years. I was silent for what seemed like forever. "You there Noah?" he asked, his voice filled with concern. "Yeah I'm fine. How did you find them?" Washington was a long way from here. "Apparently, there was a battle between the Volturi, a coven of vege-vamps, and some of the shifters two years ago. One of the vamps from here is part of the Volturi and kidnapped one of the pack member's girl friend last week. Corbin found him whining around the woods like a lost pup. " I couldn't help but laugh. What kind of idiot doesn't look after his girl friend? "I see. Who is he?" I asked. "His name is Seth Clearwater. He's been searching for her with his vamp friend, Edward Cullen. They have a lead in the old abandoned home near the river." "This guy has a vampire for a friend? You got to be kidding me." I was shocked. What the hell? Was there something in the water back in Washington that made them crazy? "Apparently, it's a long story. I gotta go. Meet me by the river in ten." "Gotcha." I hung up and look back up in the mirror. They are from Forks...my hometown. I felt for the first time in the last fifteen years, home-sick. I wanted to go see my mom. Well at least her grave. I walked out of my flat and ran to the back yard. I quickly looked around to see if anyone was there and phased. I felt the wind through my dark black fur as I ran. I loved being a wolf. My pack, which just included my two cousins, Asher and Corbin, met me near the river. A whine came from behind me and turned around to see the saddest wolf I've ever seen. This must be Seth Clearwater. I also smelled a disgusting leech behind him. This must his so called friend. I snarled at him. What is that doing here? "I am here to help my dear friend find his girlfriend," he said, smirking. This bloodsucker can read my thoughts? Get out of my head leech. "I'm afraid I can't help that. Sorry," he said, rolling his eyes. The nerve of this guy, I would rip him to shreds. Noah, calm down. We're here to find the girl , said Asher. Whatever , I replied. Seth couldn't talk to us since he wasn't part our pack, so Edward had to translate his thoughts. "Her name is Ella. She was taken a Volturi member called Stephan. He was threatening us that if we don't give what he wants we will kill her." Seth made out a low whimper and looked in the direction of the old house. What does he want? asked Asher. "My daughter," replied Edward. His daughter? Vampires can't have babies. "She's a hybrid." Fuck, this is so messed up. Why do they want her? I asked. "I'm not sure why. We will know soon enough." I looked in the direction of the old house and sniffed the air. I can definitely smell them. I can also smell the blood of a human, but I could hear her heart beating. Let's go, said Asher. We've ran, trying not a make a sound. We've reached the place and hid behind the bushes. I could hear whimpering coming from the house. Seth was on his feet and was ready to move, but Edward stopped him. He made a signal to say that he will go first and talk with them. So we let him. I looked over at Seth and gave him a reassuring look. He nodded and looked over to the house. I could clearly hear the conversation. "Well my dear, it looks like your boyfriend is late," said one humor-filled voice. "Please don't hurt me...please..." she said, softly. The room filled with laughter. There were at least five voices. Edward made his way to the front porch of the house and knocked. The laughter halted, and we were ready to attack. One vamp opened the door, and his expression seemed amused. "Well, well, well, look what we have here guys, Edward Cullen." Laughter filled the room again, and I was getting annoyed. "Stephan," said Edward curtly. "Can I help you my old friend?" asked Stephan, smirking. "Just give me Ella and I will be on my way," said Edward, calmly. "Sorry can't do that." Two other vamps came out and stood beside Stephan. Edward's face looked like he realized something. "Seth!" screamed Ella. Seth's head snapped up and in two seconds he smashed through windows. Come on, order Ash. We followed him and came behind Edward. "Well I see you bring mutts to do your dirty work Edward, how pathetic," said Stephan. I went inside the house through the window to find Seth snarling at the vamp threatening to bite Ella. Ella looked scared out of her wits. The other vamp was snarling back at Seth, but when he saw me coming, he took a step back. I was bigger than Seth, and a lot scarier. I growled loudly enough to scare the vampire who had had Ella. Seth, in those few seconds, ripped off his hand from with his teeth and ran after him. At that time Ella fell on the floor. Before the other vamp who backed away could get her, I grabbed her shirt my teeth, and swung her over onto my back. I could hear her heart beating fast as she held my fur with a death grip. I heard Edward and my pack fighting Stephan and the other two vamps outside. I looked back at the leech in front of me. I snarled and growled, and he flew off. I was going to go after him, but I didn't want to bring Ella with me. Guys, I have Ella. I'm going to bring her to my place. Okay, make sure that no one is following you, replied Ash. Also order some pizza, said Corbin. I rolled my eyes at him and ran to my place. No one was following us, so I ran like the wind. Ella held onto to me as tight as she could. I made it and kneeled down so she can get off of me. She looked quite pale and winded. I took the pouch off my knee and splayed on the grass. I picked up my house keys from the pouch with my mouth and motioned her to go inside. She looked at me confused, and I had to roll my eyes. I motioned again, and she seemed to get it. She took the keys, and ran to my house, opening the door and closing it behind her. I quickly phased back and put on my shorts and shirt. I picked up my pouch, and walked inside. She was on the sofa crying, and when I came in, she screamed. "Hey! It's me, the wolf that saved your ass," I said, putting my hands defensively. She stopped, and wiped her tears. "Oh, sorry..."she replied, looking away. I walked up to her and kneeled down, so I could face her. She looked up at me, her eyes red, and her face scarred and full of blood. "How about you go take a quick shower and after I can stitch those wounds. Ok? I will also order some pizza." She must be really hungry right now. "What about Seth?" She asked, about to panic. "He will be fine, I promise. Now up you go, I will leave some of my clothes for you on the table beside the bathroom. The guest towels are in the cupboard under the sink." She smiled a little and walked over to the bathroom. I picked up my phone and called the pizza guy to bring ten large pizzas. I could hear Ella turn on the shower as I hung up my phone. I heard some wolf howls from outside, and looked out the window. Ash, Corbin, and Seth were walking up to my back porch. I opened the door for them, and immediately Seth started to ask where Ella was. "She's taking a shower right now," I said. "Is she okay? She looked so scared..." Seth said, with a hint of guilt in his voice. "I don't know man. She had some deep cuts on her face and hands. It looked like they drank her blood." Seth