Longest on for this pairing so far! This is just a really stupid idea that I had and grew rather fond of. Hope you enjoy! Will was in the arena, busy bandaging the hand of a sniffling young son of Aphrodite. The boy had tried to impress a daughter of Athena by picking up a sword for the first time but had ended up acting like a fool instead and had accidentally sliced open his palm. The son of Apollo was talking happily to the boy about how he'd never really been all that good with a sword either, but maybe the boy should give it another try with someone knowledgeable telling him what to do. After all, if everyone gave up at the first try, then everything would be a lot worse. He wasn't really the best at adages, but the really important thing was that he was trying. Connor Stoll ran into the arena and after a moment of searching started immediately towards the son of Apollo, and since Will didn't see any blood his focus remained on the child in front of him. "I don't care what you did this time, I'm not going to make it go away so you don't have to face Chiron. Not again, at least." Will tells him mildly, finishing up on the now curiously watching boy. "No," Connor shakes his head, and something in his tone has Will pausing and looking at him, "No, it's not our fault this time. It's… Something happened to Nico." And he doesn't sound panicked, which is a good sign because it means that it's nothing so bad that there is any reason to panic. Really, he just sounds cautious, like he doesn't know how Will would react. And that's strange, because Will's fine. Completely fine. It's just… His chest is a bit tight and he feels a bit sick as well as a little shaky on his feet once he gets up, and he can't quite remember how to breathe properly. But other than that? Other than that he's fine. He doesn't really see anything on his hurry to the Big House, it all sort of bleeds together into a blur because all he can focus on is that someone he cares about is hurt and he should be helping him but he isn't . They run, which makes the trek to the Big House shorter, but it's still too long and Will doesn't even pause before racing into and through the building and bursting into the infirmary. He stands there for just a moment, panting, and takes everything in. Travis was there with Lou Ellen, who was staring down at a sobbing younger girl while looking both amused and exasperated, along with Jason and Chiron and one of his sisters. They were all surrounding the farthest bed, curtains pulled around to keep Nico—he knew Nico was the one on the bed, he knew it—from his sight, and he must make some sound because everyone looks up at him all at once. "Will," Chiron sighs, "I see Connor managed to get you." "Is he… Is Nico okay? Is there anything I can do?" His breathing is ragged and he has no idea what could have happened to his boyfriend or how or when because there was nothing special about today. Today Nico was just supposed do some early morning training with Jason and then hang out with him through lunch, do whatever he wanted until dinner and then they'd meet up and have some time together. Nothing new, nothing special, nothing that could have gone wrong. So what had happened? "Yes, about that," Chiron starts, only to be cut off by the sobbing girl who he noticed was a daughter of Hecate if her bright and tear filled eyes were any indication. "I didn't mean to," She wails, and knowing that she'd been the reason for whatever was going on should be enough to make him angry at her, but it isn't because she doesn't even look ten. She does look pitiful, though. "I just wanted him to notice me and I-I thought that i-if I was a bit older then…then," She breaks down into sobs again, and Lou Ellen sits down to comfort her. "What she meant by that," Jason sighs, "Is that Rene developed a bit of a crush on Travis, and so to do something about it she tried to age herself with magic. It… It didn't really work out how she had wanted, though." "What happened?" Will manages to ask, eyes darting from who he was talking with to the curtain that hid Nico and whatever had happened to him. "The spell went a little out of control since she's too young to be doing anything like this and it hit Nico, who was walking by." Lou Ellen sighs, rubbing soothing circles into her sister's back. "Connor, Jason and me carried him here because he was knocked unconscious when the spell hit him and as soon as we set him down he stared shaking like he was having a seizure or something." Travis says nervously, looking at the curtain with anxious concern. "It didn't really look good." "He calmed down though," His sister Aline tells him gently. "I couldn't find anything other than a fever and an elevated heart rate wrong with him," A low groan comes from behind the curtain, and nothing could have stopped Will from moving quickly past everyone and yanking the curtain aside. He was braced for anything. Burns, deformations, even animal features. He was prepared and… He was not prepared for what he found at all. "This is new," Aline murmurs behind him and he can only nod dumbly because it was… it was… It was something , that was for certain. He loved Nico and knew pretty much everything he thought there was to know about certain parts of him. His body, for instance. Thin shoulders and slim limbs, skin a pale olive that was finally starting to darken back to his natural tone since he had been getting into the habit of actually going out into the sun. Dark hair that had just the slightest curl to it and dark eyes that had stubbornly retained the bruising half-circles beneath, though that weren't as pronounced as they had been in years past. He wasn't a gaunt skeleton with skin anymore, but he hadn't yet managed to get enough weight on to make him very big. The bumps of his spine were prominent when he curled in on himself, shoulder blades jutting out defensively, and when he breathed in deeply you could see his ribs. But he had been slowly, ever so slowly, eating more and more gradually, so Will knew that one day he might put on just enough weight to make him look fully healthy. He hadn't quite expected it to be today, and he hadn't expected the stubble or the hair or the face or anything . There could have been no expectation of this. Nico's eyes slowly slid open, and everyone in the room jumped when he looked at them. "Will? Jason? What?" Nico's eyebrows furrow as he blearily looks up at them, and Will certainly hadn't been expecting that voice, "What's everyone doing here?" Will's training kicks in and he moves in a bit closer, "Nico, you're in the infirmary. Do you remember anything?" He takes his boyfriend's now slightly wider wrist—oh Gods, his hands —and takes his pulse, counting the beats and noting that while it was racing it was also starting to slow down. "Um, I don't know. Lights? I… I've got a headache." He mutters, and Will has to shove down his hysterical laughter because a headache was really the least of his worries. "Why are you all looking at me like that? What happened? Am I alright?" Nico lifted his hand up without really seeming to realize it and brought it to his chest, looking for wounds, and then to his face where he finds stubble that certainly hadn't been there before. His eyes widen almost comically and he sits up, both hands rubbing at his face. As he sits up his hair, now shoulder length and gorgeous , falls forward, and he grabs at it with clumsy hands to bring it up to see better and then he's looking at his hands and Will can see the panic starting to creep up. "How long have I been out?" He croaks, and from the corner of his eye Will sees one of the Stolls walking away. "Not even half an hour." Jason manages, watching Nico with stunned rapture. "Then what…?" "Aging spell." Nico looks down at his now larger—but still long fingered and slender, Will notes—hands, and then at the rest of his longer, slightly meatier body. "My clothes don't fit anymore," He whispers almost to himself numbly, and Will can't hold back the bark of shocked laughter that escapes him. "Nope." He manages, trying hard to keep the rest of his panicked giggles to himself. Nico is… His hair is longer and he's longer and… Will had never thought about Nico grown up or ever looking different than the nearly sixteen year old did—or had. He was still slim, but most of what had always made Will see him as delicate was gone. His shoulders were a bit studier, his arms a bit thicker, his face grown into and the sharp edges looking dashing instead of breakable. His eyes, which had always looked so unbelievably big, fit into his face and there weren't any shadows beneath them, and now Will finally understood what Nico had meant about when he had mentioned his skin was actually supposed to naturally be darker. He was gorgeous, and when Will's panic died down he was sure that he was going to enjoy it. Travis, who had apparently been the one to leave, walked back into the infirmary and straight to Nico, handing him the mirror he had somehow procured without a word. Nico took it in much the same fashion, and stared at his reflection with wide eyes and a gaping mouth. "Fuck." He breathed, unable to take his eyes away from his reflection. "Language." Chiron protested in what was most likely a knee jerk reaction, voice slightly weak as he watched Nico with the same wide eyed shock as everyone else. Nico shifted his gaze from the mirror and over to the centaur, shooting him a frustrated glare. "My language is not the problem here!" He nearly shouts, his voice bordering on hysteric. "Hey now, let's calm down a bit." Lou Ellen interjects before something bad could be said or done, "There isn't any need to panic." Everyone stares at her, obviously questioning her intelligence, and she bristles, "There isn't! Rene is too young to have done this properly," A cry of protest came from the younger girl, "Or permanently. All we have to do is reverse it or let the spell run its course and go away. And you'd better not look at me like I'm stupid again, else I'll make your faces stick that way." She threatens. "No you won't," Chiron tells her with a weary sigh, "And how long will it take for you to find a way to reverse it or let it run its course?" "To reverse it will take a few days since we'll need to figure out how the spell went wrong initially and since it happened to someone different than what it had been made for. I don't know how long it will take for it to run its course, maybe a few hours or maybe a few weeks. It wasn't really done in a way that would let me be sure." "So I'm going to be stuck like this for a few days?" Nico asks, his voice still filled with shock though now it was joined by aggravation and a bit of petulance. "You're going to be stuck like this