A Wolf's Cry Disclaimer: I do not own one thing that pertains to Lord of the Rings, that privilege lies with the wonderful J. R. R. Tolkien. Summary: Following Aragorn's fall from the cliff at the Gap of Rohan as they journey to Helm's Deep, Legolas struggles to come to terms with the apparent death of his friend and how it affects himself and all those round him. Category: Hurt/comfort. Authors note: Set before A Gull's Cry... A big thank you to my betas Katy and Barbara. Also to Terri and Mysty for their wonderful love and support. Chapter One The sight of the large stone building standing proud amid the large rock formation made him shiver. It looked so cold, almost as cold as he felt deep within. His heart, once so light and happy, now felt heavy and empty. He did not recall the journey here, it seemed to be a blur. The last that he recalled was the Rohirrim King telling them to leave the dead as he stood looking down from the cliff, the very cliff from which Estel, his dearest friend, had fallen. At that moment, his heart had curled and died within him. Legolas had dealt with death before. How could he not with the darkness that surrounded and ate away at Mirkwood, his home? But Estel had always been there since they met. He had cradled the human in his arms as a babe and watched him grow, had helped him come to grips with the complexity of archery. "Well, Elf, are you just going to sit there and wait for the day to grow old or are we going in?" The gruff voice came from behind him. The words seemed callous yet there was more than just a hint of worry in the deep voice. He blinked and looked around. The others in their group had already entered the Hornburg, leaving them to stand alone before the gates. Legolas, the blond elf upon the white horse, shook himself from his thoughts and urged Arod forward. "Of course not, Gimli, unless you wish to spend the night here?" Gimli, the dwarf, seated behind the thin elf hated horses and could not wait to get off the beast. The two of them must make quite a spectacle. Their two races were not known to get along. In fact were supposed to hate each other with an enmity that was truly frightening, when he gave thought to it. And he had, hated the dwarf that is, at least to start with. Their meeting at the Council of Elrond had not been the best of starts. But since then, they had fought together and things had slowly changed. He liked the dwarf. Legolas shuddered. The cold stone seemed to smother him as he urged Arod into the fortress and toward Théoden. He knew it was better to be near the King. Inside the Hornburg, the people of Rohan worked to prepare for the inevitable siege. Women and men hurried about to make things ready for the coming battle. Would Saruman send an army to them? Legolas had no doubt. Saruman the White was a traitor. Mithrandir had found that out the hard way. He brought Arod to a halt beside Théoden and dismounted, then helped Gimli down, although he grumbled all the way. Legolas ignored him. He should have known that Éowyn would come and ask about Aragorn, but it hurt all the same. "So few. So few have returned." She sounded as shocked as Legolas felt. "Where is Lord Aragorn?" Éowyn looked for the Dunèdain that had so captured her attention. Legolas tried to answer, tried very hard to answer, but his throat seemed to close around the words. Gimli saved him from answering. "He... he fell." The words sounded so final, so empty... so... so... There were no words to cover how he felt. The pain, the agony was too deep. "He fell? But that cannot be..." Legolas could not take it. He had to get away, to find somewhere he could be alone, to think, to work out how just one death among so many could leave him so desolate. Legolas had felt grief and remorse at Mithrandir's apparent death when he had fallen in Moria, but that was nothing compared to this. He did not know where he was going, he was running blind. All he knew was that he needed to see the sky, to leave the prison of these stone walls behind him. He paid no heed to the cry of "Legolas?" from behind him. He could not face Gimli, not with his heart torn apart like this. Soon the number of people around him thinned out and he was on his own, looking out over Helm's Deep. A solitary bird made a mournful cry to the sky, a sky that was becoming dark and cloudy, and a reflection of his own dark feelings. His Adar had warned him against getting close to Estel, a mortal. He had told him he would inevitably experience this grief. Legolas had accepted that, he truly had. He was no fool. He had simply not expected it to be this soon. How could he face Elrond? How could he tell him that he had let his son die? It was his fault, all his fault. He would never, ever forgive himself. Valar, Elladan and Elrohir would never forgive him. He could only be grateful that he would not have to tell Arwen. All of this would be hard enough. If he lived through this, if Frodo made it to Mount Doom and destroyed the One Ring, then he would sail. He could not stay here now, not now. Not when the person who had helped him and come to mean so much to him was no longer here. Legolas was stunned to find that he had tears running down his face. "Estel, please, please do not do this, please come back. You are needed, Gwador nin. I need you." It was no more than a whisper to the wind, full of pain and loss. There was no answer. The tears fell harder as he thought of the last time he had seen the twins with their brother. They had all been hunting together. It had been good fun, a much-needed respite for him from the growing evil that surrounded Mirkwood. He pulled out the pendant that he had found in the foul orc's hand, the Evenstar. He held it up and expected the daylight to reflect and sparkle from its crystal gems. When it did not, he blinked in astonishment. When had it grown so dark? Night had fallen. He had been here all afternoon? He turned with a sigh. Life went on, even if he did not want it to. "There you are, Elf! I have been looking for you. You need to eat and then sleep." Gimli appeared in front of him and he jumped. He had not heard the Dwarf's approach. How on Arda had that happened? "I am not hungry." Was that his voice? It sounded so hollow, so strange. He did not belong here. He had to get out, this cold stone was killing him. "Master Elf, you are going to eat and then you will sleep, even if I have to knock you out with my axe handle!" Gimli had planted himself in front of the Prince. Gimli frowned. Legolas was too pale. He looked almost transparent as he stood before him and surely he should be glowing? The Pointy-eared Princeling always glowed at night, brightly as well, not this dull, subdued glow. "Come on, Laddie. Yer can't stay here. Come with me." He pulled on Legolas arm and the elf passively let him lead him wherever he would. What did it matter where he was? Nothing mattered anymore. Gimli led him into the hall. It was light and noisy and left him cold. He did not want to be here. "Legolas. I was worried about you." Théoden suddenly appeared before him. "I needed some time alone." Could that really be his voice? It was low and hollow, as if he was listening from a great distance. "I can understand that. Aragorn was a good man. Had you known him long?" Théoden was not really interested, but he was worried about the elf before him. If there was to be a battle, an elven warrior fighting with them would be of great advantage. "Since his childhood. If you excuse me, I must see to a missive for his Adar." He escaped before Gimli could stop him. The only problem was where to go now? Gimli was right. He needed rest. "We have a room, Laddie." Gimli was behind him. "Follow me. I will bring you some food." Gimli seemed to have got the message that he wanted to be alone. He followed the dwarf through the stone hallways, not even noticing when some of the men and women deliberately moved out of their way or looked at them as if they were as foul as orcs. It did not matter, not anymore, and it never would again... "Here, we are." Gimli pushed open a large wooden door and entered the chamber. Legolas followed listlessly behind him. The chamber was large and contained three beds, enough for all three of them... the thought came unbidden and was then followed by crashing pain. There was not a third person to fill the third bed, not any longer. Valar that hurt, the thought of never seeing Estel again hurt more than he could ever have imagined. Never to see that gentle smile, the grim determination, to hear the sweet laughter as a prank against the twins had worked and never to simply talk earnestly long into the night about anything and everything... He could no longer do that. How could the Valar have allowed this to happen? Could they not see that Middle-earth's fate rested upon those broad shoulders? Without Estel they were doomed. He was doomed. "There is parchment, ink and quill on the table. Write your missive and I will see that it is sent. And, Laddie?" Gimli had stopped and had been watching the pallid elf as he looked around the chamber. He had seen his pain as Legolas' normally bright, now dazed, eyes had rested upon the third bed. He had to help his friend through this. To do otherwise would mean that he, Gimli, would lose not one but two friends and that thought was unbearable. "Yes, Gimli?" The voice was distant and empty and Gimli could have sworn that Legolas was not even here in this chamber with him. "He would not wish you to make yerself ill over this. He would want you to carry on. I will make sure that a fire is set. Would you like the window open?" Just because he was happy to be within the welcome confines of the stone shelter around him, it did not mean others were. He knew the elf that well, at least. "Hennad." Again the tone was barely there. "I will see to it then." The voice of the dwarf was even more gruff and curt than normal. He did not know how to deal with the Prince in this state. He also found himself wishing more and more that Gandalf was here. The wily old wizard would know how to help the elf... But wishes were not horses and elves could not fly, as his old father was apt to say. Gandalf was not here. He, Gimli, would have to use what he could. Legolas was not even aware when Gimli left the chamber. He stood lost so deeply in thought that he would not have heard a rampaging Mumakil behind him, nor even seen it in front of him. How long he stood there he did not know, would probably never know, but eventually, as if walking through a torrent of water,