Curlykisses: Hi there! So, this is the first fanfiction I decided to post on this site, so please let me know what you think of it . Warning! As said in the description this story will feature a lot of dark and depressing themes as well as oodles of smut when the time is right. Oh, and I will probably overly use profanity but again only when it is fitting. If any of that makes you uncomfortable please read with caution. This story will also contain slight Bella bashing and Cullen bashing. I'm team Volturi all the way. The Kings will also be rather dark themselves during certain scenes but that is the nature of vampires that I am excited to explore. I love my boys to be bad. Also the events of New Moon will be altered slightly, you will see how as the story goes on. With all that said, the rest is as stated, a story about a polygamist relationship between the Volturi Kings and my OC named Eva. I crave as much feedback as possible so that I know if the story is being well received so if I get enough reviews I'll know this is a good start and I'll happily continue my writing. I plan for Eva to meet the kings around chapter three so you won't have to wait too long, promise. Please disregard any mistakes you may find, I am rather new to this but hopefully you will find less as the story continues. Now, please enjoy. It was cold in Forks. Eva loved the cold, the snow and the cloudy weather she had been deprived of. Living in Vero Beach Florida all her life; she didn't really experience cold weather often. That's why she loved visiting Forks. She also adored the rain that seemed constant here as she did the mist that hung into the very air she took in. This town was full of treasured memories from her childhood. Memories of riding her bike with her cousin down the long streets, of laughter, freshly baked cookies and the comforting feeling of belonging. Eva hadn't felt that way in a very, very long time. Even as she stood on the familiar doorstep; suitcase in hand and purse thrown over her shoulder she felt out of sorts. It had been so long since she had visited and with every treasured memory, a bitter, painful one followed. She hadn't been with her family here since her father had passed away. He was a good man. A kind one that always went out of his way to make sure she knew how much he loved her. But then again, he simply loved. He was devoted to his fellow man and he spent his life saving and helping any unfortunate soul he came across. You know, Eva always wanted to be a firefighter like her father in her youth. She always wanted to help people like him, to battle against a superior force and come out the victor. Until one night…her father lost his battle. Leaving behind nothing but broken hearts, a bleak future and black smoke. After that, her mother did what she could to support her. Which unfortunately lead her to Rick her stepfather. The cause of Eva's lack of ambition and the scars on both her heart and very soul. Eva shook herself out of the upcoming flood of unpleasant memories and took in a deep breath. Just knock she criticized in the confines of her mind. You were invited here, they are expecting you. You're not in trouble, you're not intruding, just knock. Lift your damn hand and knock on the door! Despite this she stood perfectly still and continued to stare at the wooden door like a dumbfounded idiot. Through the glass she could see that the curtains were drawn, so there was no way that anyone would know that she was just standing there gawking. Damn it, Eva. Could you not be so awkward for once in your life? Just as she got the courage, the door to the white, two story house opened, startling both herself and the person on the other side. "Oh uh, there you are, Eva. I was starting to get worried." Uncle Charlie stammered. He straightened up and tried to regain his composure and she struggled to do the same. It seemed it didn't take much to frighten Eva very much anymore. Eva took the moment to let her hazel eyes examine Charlie's features. He looked the same as he did in her memories but a few lines on his face as well as the random strands of gray in his hair was a testament to how much time had passed since last they saw each other. More so with herself. Eva knew she must have looked like a stranger to him. "Hey, Uncle Charlie." Eva smiled weakly as she pushed her curly blonde hair away from her eyes. "Sorry, I was just…" She didn't know how to finish her own sentence? Afraid? Nervous? No real, comprehendible words seemed to describe what she was feeling. She wondered if she ever would find the words to say to express herself properly. But she doubted it. "Hey, don't worry about it." Charlie said reassuringly and moved from the doorway to give her room. "I'm just glad you're okay. Please, come in." "Thank you." She nodded and walked inside. She scanned the house and smile sincerely. It had changed greatly since her childhood, but Eva thought the divorce between Charlie and Renee could be to blame. The blue, somewhat tattered couch looked comfortable and the late 90's TV was somehow refreshing. Rather like she had stepped back into the past and it was a nice feeling. How she wanted that feeling of having a family again. Maybe this was the fresh start everyone had been promising her after all. Charlie showed her, her room and to her happy surprise she was told that it was close to Bella's. Bella was back in Forks too? That was wonderful! She hadn't had a chance to speak to Bella since they were both playing with Barbie Dolls and catching lightning bugs. They had so much to catch up on. She wondered if Bella was into the same stuff as she was…but then again, probably not. Eva was a little odd ball compared to most girls her age. She was a poetry loving, book reading, artist that also had a knack for playing old school video games. Though the term artist she used loosely. She had a long way to go until she was a decent painter in her opinion but how art, literature and even the occasional video game had been such a blessed escape for her. Eva had been told often that she was born in the wrong era, and maybe it was so. She knew nothing when it came to fashion, makeup or TV shows though. So striking up a conversation with someone new was a little difficult, unless they just so happened to be reading the same book as she was or was somehow as big of a Shakespeare lover as she was. Which was rare… "So, um, the rest is pretty self-explanatory." Charlie said with a shrug. "I think one of the guys at the station is looking to get rid of one of his old TV's, so I can buy it from him and hook it up in your room if you'd like?" Eva looked back to her given room. Inside was a twin sized bed, a white dresser and a small closest, the rest of the room being bare and a little cramped but it was enough to suit her purposes. She had to leave all her books and a majority of her clothes behind and unless Charlie's coworker also had an old Nintendo or Playstation he was also looking to get rid of, she'd have no use of it. But she knew he was just trying to be helpful. "Thank you again, Uncle Charlie but this should more than enough. I appreciate you letting me stay with you." Especially since she had nowhere else to go. Once…the incident happened, he somehow tracked down her home phone number and offered up his place as her sanctuary straight away. It was a little uncomfortable and awkward, since they hadn't spoken in years but a great weight had been lifted off of Eva's shoulders at the offer. She may have been considered an adult but she could hardly afford taking care of the house she lived in all on her own having just graduated High school not ago and being jobless. Something she hoped to remedy here. "Don't worry though, I promise I'll get a job as soon as I can and get my own place so I'll be out of your hair." "Nonsense, Eva. You take as much time as you need." Charlie took a moment to take in a quick breath as he looked her up and down. Eva squirmed subconsciously and pulled the hood of her black jacket up in hopes he wouldn't see it. He did. The pity filled look in his chocolate brown eyes told her that much. Still red and vibrant on either side of her neck was plainly seen hand prints. While her blackened eye was thankfully the first of her bruises to recover, those particular ones remained fresh on her petal soft skin as if to haunt her. Before Eva knew it, Charlie had pulled her into a sincere hug and she immediately wrapped her arms around him in return. It was a new feeling, to be comforted in such a way but she appreciated it. Even if it were a stranger to have held her as closely as her uncle now was, she'd be just as thankful. Any loving gestures had been forgotten by her since her father had passed away. "I'm so sorry, Eva." He whispered quietly to her. "I wish I had known, God, I wish I had known." Everyone was always sorry when they found out. Which was ridiculous to her. No one needed to be sorry expect for the man responsible. She knew this had to be hard on Charlie too. Her mother too had parted from this world a couple of months ago. This loss was also sudden, a heart attack. Charlie was unable to make it to his sister's funeral which must have been hard enough on him but to discover how she has silently lived for years must have made it even harder. And after she was forced to bury her mother, the abuse escalated. Rick, her step dad was a raging alcoholic but a wealthy one. Being a business tycoon in need of a beautiful, blonde trophy of a wife, and her mother a poor pushover, their union was based in need not love. When she was about ten years old she had walked in on Rick beating her mother in a drunken rage and instead of cowering like she probably should have, she ordered him to stop! Her tiny fists balled in anger and tears in her eyes. She told him if he had to hurt someone, to hurt her instead. Apparently that was a suitable alternative in his eyes. Eva could bear it. If it meant her mother was unharmed she could handle all of Rick's rage and she did. He rarely hurt her mother after that. Though she was sure Charlie was wondering the same thing she had always wondered. Why? Why had her mother let them live that way when she knew the horrors Eva had to face all these years? That her welcome home was angry slurs, screaming and at last slaps, punches and whatever else he decided to do to her on that given day. She had a lasting scar on her left forearm of a cigar burn and a few other scarred places on her body that hadn't healed properly. Any time