Myth of the Hourglass By: RLSdreadnault Published simultaneously on the Sink Into Your Eyes fan fiction archive. Disclaimer : This following is a work of fan fiction. The author is not earning a profit from the writing or publishing of it. Author's Note : This story presupposes most of the events up to the end of the fifth Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . From that point, it departs from the 'canon.' Chapter One: Harry Potter's Disappearance Upon arriving home from his fifth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Harry discovered that a number of subtle changes had taken place among the Dursley family. Most of these changes were improvements. The first and foremost improvement being that his cousin Dudley, his uncle Vernon, and even his aunt Petunia were now generally avoiding him even to the extent that he was rarely asked to perform chores. By way of eavesdropping, Harry later learned that these changes in behavior were the consequence of a letter they had received from Albus Dumbledore, the Headmaster of Hogwarts. In the letter, Professor Dumbledore had detailed some of Harry's escapades during the past year, perhaps even exaggerating some of them. The letter had instilled in the Dursleys a healthy respect, or rather fear, of Harry's capabilities and was the source of the improvements that Harry now enjoyed. In addition to the information about Harry's adventures, Professor Dumbledore had also taken the liberty to inform them of a few facts about Lord Voldemort, the self-proclaimed Dark Lord who considered Harry Potter to be his primary nemesis. Harry was not sure whether the Dursleys understood just how important a role Harry played in the ongoing fight against Lord Voldemort, but they seemed to understand at least one thing. Voldemort was at large and the defense Harry could provide was better than nothing. This created an unfortunate annoyance for Harry. Whenever one or more of his relatives opted to leave their neighborhood in Surrey to go shopping or to run other errands, they brought Harry along with them. Apparently they hoped that his presence would work to stave off the evil 'freaks' that were not content to merely exist and annoy people like the Dursleys, but were in the habit of going around and killing people. As a consequence of this, Harry found himself in a mall not far from London with the Dursleys one Friday night. The Dursleys normally purchased clothes at shops not far from Privet Drive, but Dudley had become so obese that finding clothes for him had turned into a major quest. "I won't wear this!" Dudley exclaimed loudly, drawing glances from the other customers who were thumbing through the clothes racks. "It's . . . stupid!" "Nonsense!" Vernon declared gruffly. "It looks quite respectable." Petunia chose not to comment on the style factor of the shorts they were trying to buy for Dudley. They were indeed hideous, but she was sick of shopping and it would be worse if Dudley had nothing to wear. "Could anything my Diddykins wore look bad?" she asked in her usual high-pitched voice. Harry rolled his eyes. Watching Dudley shop for clothes was miserable. "I'm going to wait outside," he mumbled to no one in particular. Usually, no one would have paid attention. This summer was different though. Aunt Petunia withdrew her attention from Dudley and the prospective shorts for long enough to issue a peremptory command to Harry. "Don't wander far!" "Don't worry," Harry muttered as he escaped the clothing shop, wondering how they could assume that he'd lift a finger to save them from a Dark wizard or witch. By their standards, he would be perfectly justified in joining in to help kill them. The bench directly outside the clothing shop, Extraordinarily Big & Tall, was occupied by an elderly couple resting from their shopping exertions. A mother with a gaggle of children was standing in front of the next closest one. He spotted a vacant bench just across the way in front of an electronics store and quickly darted over to it and sat down. At first, he contented himself with watching the people passing. There were a few people who were dressed oddly enough that they could be wizards or witches. Then again, they might have actually been people who just didn't know how to dress or had gotten suckered into buying hideous clothes. Harry quickly got bored and thought back to the conversation he had endured with Professor Dumbledore after the showdown at the Ministry of Magic. At first he had been terribly angry with the aged man for holding back the secret of the prophecy, and then angry at fate in general for dealing him such a bad hand. The time that had passed since that night had tempered Harry's feelings somewhat. He was resolved that he would have to play an important role in Voldemort's defeat. The thing that chafed him now was waiting for something to happen. If he was so important to the conflict, why wasn't Dumbledore keeping him close and letting him in on the action? Harry was abruptly jerked from his reverie by the shouts from the mall security guards. He looked up to discover that the mall was now swarming with black robed wizards and witches who were silently taking positions along the corridor and blocking off the exits. His eyes widened with shock and as quickly as he could, he leapt from the bench and into the electronics store where he could both stay out of sight and watch what was going on as he wondered whether this was a general raid or if the Death Eaters were specifically after him. The Dursleys were right about the necessity of taking me along, Harry realized. Vaguely, he regretted having abandoned them. On the other hand, he reckoned, they're probably not the primary targets anyway. The security guards were confused and frightened. Though the Death Eaters had said nothing to anyone, they were clearly a dangerous threat. Harry watched as one guard lost his self-control and irrationally tried to subdue one of the Death Eaters. Harry winced as the Death Eater quickly pointed his wand and killed the guard with a single "Avada Kedavra!" At this point, all the Muggles froze and raised their hands into the air, assuming that they were dealing with some sort of terrorist group or hostage situation. Nothing was said by anyone for several minutes except for the occasional grunt or exclamation of surprise made by the occasional unsuspecting shopper exiting a store and finding his or herself a hostage of some sort. Harry was very confused. It had been his impression that Death Eaters usually struck small, remotes locations quickly, hard, and escaped fast. Nothing happened until the unsuspecting Dursleys exited the Extraordinarily Big & Tall shop with their purchases for Dudley. Of all the hostages, their reaction was the most pronounced. Petunia screamed and tried to run, Vernon collapsed, and Dudley tried to run but was hindered by his bulk. They were promptly cut off by the Death Eaters who with menacing looks goaded them into the center of the mall's corridor where they stood quivering with fear. Their appearance seemed to garner a reaction from the Death Eaters in charge and within a few seconds, Lord Voldemort arrived. Harry watched, feeling the blood slowing leaving his face. He didn't know what he could do for the Dursleys that wouldn't leave all of them dead. Undoubtedly, the Death Eaters would notice any magic he did and they had certainly taken precautions against an alarm being raised very quickly. Deciding that he'd have to wait, Harry focused on Voldemort and the Dursleys. "Petunia and Vernon Dursley," Lord Voldemort declared as he walked up to them and looked each of them in the eyes for a moment. "You've indirectly played into my hand. I must congratulate you." He turned and retreated toward some of his Death Eaters. Vernon Dursley summoned up some courage and shouted at Voldemort's retreating back. "You and your cronies are just freaks! Do you hear me? Freaks!" Voldemort spun around and stared at Vernon for a moment. "You remind me of my father," he said quietly. "You'll have the opportunity to meet him shortly, as soon as I conclude some important business." An evil smile spread across Voldemort's face and he turned in Harry's vague direction. "Potter! Come out from where you're hiding. You have my word that I mean you no harm this evening." Harry didn't believe Voldemort for one moment. He knew all too well Voldemort's desire to kill him. However, there wasn't much choice. Knowing Voldemort, he would eventually discover Harry's hiding place. In the meanwhile, he might try killing the innocent bystanders. Counting on the blood wards guaranteeing him protection, keeping in mind that his wand and Voldemort's shared cores and could never properly duel, and knowing that only the Dark lord could kill him, Harry opted to step out and reveal himself. Surely the Ministry had detected Voldemort's mischief and would be on their way before too long. Perhaps he could stall long enough for the Aurors to arrive. Harry drew his wand, emerged from his hiding place, and slowly walked out into the center of the mall between the Dursleys and Voldemort. "All right, Voldemort. I'm here. What do you want?" Voldemort stared at Harry, hatred painted all over his face and burning in his red eyes. "It is clear that my attempts to kill you have resulted in disaster for the both of us. You refuse to die and I refuse to have you continue meddling in my affairs. I'm here to dispose of you." He raised his wand and pointed it at Harry. Before Voldemort could say anything, Harry quickly shot a stunning charm toward Voldemort, hoping that Priori Incantatem would work in his favor. The Dark lord had anticipated this. He quickly dodged the stunner and with a silent curse and flick of his wand, caused Harry's precious wand to explode. Harry gasped as the explosion wrenched his arm and left him holding only a stub of his former wand. Harry was now quite angry, and his face betrayed it. The wand had been one of his most valued possessions. Voldemort laughed at him. "Don't worry, Harry," he said mockingly. "I'm not going to kill you. In fact, I'm not even going to hurt you. The blood wards prevent that until you're seventeen years of age. I'm just going to . . . exile you." Harry looked around at the people watching. The Death Eaters were snickering, clearly enjoying Harry's predicament. The Muggle bystanders who had not fainted were staring at both him and Voldemort with confusion. The Dursleys weren't even moving. He turned around to see Voldemort raise his arms and began a complicated incantation, swishing his wand and waving it in odd patterns. Finally, Voldemort shouted a final word and jabbed his wand toward Harry. A sound louder than a sonic boom reverberated through the mall and Harry felt an intense burning sensation consume him as the mall and people watching abruptly disappeared as if someone had flicked a light switch off. The burning sensation became unbearably cold as a second ear-splitting sound occurred. Harry stumbled and fell to the ground, panting heavily and shivering. Several minutes passed before he could spare the strength to look up and observe his surroundings. The only light anywhere was the moon in the sky and its light was barely enough to reveal to Harry that he was now surrounded by a forest and was completely alone. He pushed himself to his feet and tried to walk, but after only a few steps he stumbled and fell to the earth breathing heavily. "Where am I?" he muttered to no one in particular. Before he could attempt to draw any more conclusions, exhaustion overcame him. Tonks muttered a few choice epithets as she observed the