Meet the Mate Contest Sample entry Title: Emma Matthews Summary: Isabella has been cooperating with the DEA under her father's nose. A video footage reveals her involvement, her brother murders their father, and she agrees to be a key witness in federal criminal cases against an ex-judge, a congressman, and an array of criminals, including her brother. Pairing: Edward & Bella Rating: T Word count: 2,999 ... " Charles W. Swan, a man better known as El Camaleón, the Lord of organized crime in Baltimore and one of the most sought-after fugitives of the last decade, was murdered in an apartment on Bloomingdale Road last night. After the controversial leaked footage last week, the DEA Chief of Operations, Everett B. Whitman, was forced to admit to one of the most complex undercover operations since the agency's establishment in 1973, but the agency insists that not only do they not have anything to gain from the death of the infamous El Camaleón, they had nine undercover agents to lose. Indeed, so far, all evidence suggests that the drug lord died through the hands of his own son Jacob, whose fingerprints have been confirmed on the murder weapon. His sister Isabella showed signs of struggle as a result of attempted strangulation and made the 911 call after having successfully knocked her brother unconscious. Because of the notorious nature of the Swan family, rumors run rampant around the incident, which is why we have asked Police Commissioner of the Baltimore Police Department, James Hanson Weaver, to join us tonight." ... Fourteen people had shown up for Statistical Methods and Data Analysis. Edward felt eyes on him as he found himself a spot three rows and two seats behind the brunette girl he'd memorized from a photograph. Despite her girlish features and lack of height, Isabella was twenty two years of age. Animated and straight-forward, nothing like her picture, yet unmistakably her. She stood, knotting her straight hair with a sparkly, childish-looking pen, laughing with her friends. She sat when the lecture started, took off her shoe, and raised her left leg to wrap her arms around it. A colorful fake-tattoo covered the back of her neck. It was a string of hearts. She scribbled furiously through the lecture, and when her hand shot up and she said something about logarithmic transforming to normality that removes positive skew and asked if you should add a small adjustment to zeroes, few followed her train of thought. The professor thanked her, answered, and Isabella went back to leaning over the desk and writing with that incredible focus. For a brief moment, when a man in a grey sweatshirt quietly stood in the corner of the room, she paled and held still. The man picked up the ball-point pen he'd lost and sat back down, showing his face. Isabella relaxed. So did Edward. He studied her, quietly, introducing himself to people only when asked. Anthony Warren, he told them, a transfer from Drexel University in Philly. He kept a low profile, offering only enough of himself to gain trust but not nearly enough to be interesting. For three days, he shared every single lecture with Isabella and made sure she got home alive. He kept his distance. She hadn't slept, he saw. She didn't leave or arrive anywhere without company, and not once did she come up to Edward to introduce herself. She didn't trust him. She was smart. On Thursday, as she walked to her swimming practice with a friend, she was being followed, and she knew it. He knew that she knew because she kept changing routes and stepping into stores. Edward caught the guy two blocks away from campus and recognized him as Ralph Trent, her brother's associate. They fought. He got a couple of bruises and nasty gash on his forearm. Trent got a bullet in his leg. Edward waited for the police and the ambulance, showed his badge and filled in paperwork. A paramedic stitched up his arm. Isabella's swimming practice had lasted half an hour when Edward sat on a bench by the window. She was in the middle of swimming laps, freestyle, and he'd counted five of them when she stopped, listened to the coach, and locked eyes with Edward. It was the first time for her to acknowledge his presence. He stared back, waiting, but Isabella turned and dove underwater. Her strokes were clean and fast, and he understood why the competition on Saturday was so important to her. She must've had a fair shot at winning. Another half an hour had passed when Isabella got out of the pool and shared a few quiet words with her coach. She took a towel, walked over to Edward and put the towel next to him before sitting down. Even with a swimming cap and a suit designed to make her look flat, he couldn't deny how attractive she was. But, up close, he could now see a purplish bruise around her neck that she must've previously covered with make-up. He'd protected witnesses before, but rarely had the danger felt so real. "I don't trust you," she said, resting elbows on her knees. "But you'd be stupid to kill me in front of so many witnesses." "Kill you?" "Oh, please." Quietly but quickly, she pulled out his gun from underneath his jacket and his backup from his left leg. He let her. She released the magazine, took a round from the chamber and did the same with his second gun. She put the edge of her towel over both unloaded weapons as he looked over the pool. Nobody was paying attention. ".40 caliber Glock and a 340 .357 Magnum," she said, leaning against the window, arms crossed. "The question is, Edward, are you working for my brother or against him?" It was one thing to know the girl he was protecting was the daughter of the man who called the shots in organized crime, it was another entirely to witness her not only know where he held his guns but to see her unload them. He didn't ask how she knew his name. Without a word, he dropped his U.S. Marshal badge in her palm. She barely gave it a glance before returning the badge to him. "You're forgetting the man I grew up with. You can't imagine the blackmail and bribery I've seen. My question stands." "I'm with Carlisle." He pulled up his sleeve. "Trent is in town. He followed you here. I shot him." She didn't react to his wounds, but her gaze sharpened at the mention of Carlisle's name. "Trent? Did you kill him?" "No. He's a valuable witness." "Pity." With a standoffish quality to her actions, she reloaded his guns before returning them to their original place. She stood up and took her towel, but instead of leaving, she stood in front of him. He'd observed her enough to know she wasn't going to tell him she trusted him. She either did or she didn't. "How much time until we leave?" "The moment your practice is over." She pressed her lips together, grimacing, but only gave him a nod before returning to her practice. She trained with fierce energy, and he watched, observing the bystanders, making calls. He waited in the hallway as she changed. She emerged in jeans and a brown leather jacket, a duffel bag thrown over her shoulder and redness in her eyes she didn't comment on. She'd concealed the bruise on her neck. He watched as she gripped the strap of her bag with both hands, eyes lingering on the closed cafeteria and empty hallways. They sat in an old Toyota before she took one last glance at the campus. They drove off. "You could've introduced yourself on Monday," she said, looking out of the window. "Carlisle wanted you to have until Saturday. So did I." "But I can't." "Not anymore." She nodded, watching the lights pass them by. "So this is really it, huh? No packing, no goodbyes, just sit in a car and disappear until the prosecution?" "It's better this way." She turned on the heat. "Where are we staying?" "At the Super 8 Laurel on Washington Boulevard." He stopped to grab something to eat and he could feel her eyes on him as he drove, but he didn't force her to speak. He'd done this before, with families, but Witness Protection often helped people with a criminal past, people he didn't necessarily like. He'd never helped a girl because she was born into a family that consisted of criminals and murderers. "Thank you," she said, wrapping arms around her legs. He glanced at her. "It's my job." She ate in silence the rest of the way. They checked in as Mr. and Mrs. Payne and paid in cash. Edward watched her as they entered Room 31, an unremarkable one with a single bed. She appeared to be unaffected by their sleeping arrangement as she dropped her bag on the bed and took the toothbrush he'd bought. In the same calm manner, she accepted the changes needed to her appearance, and closed her eyes as he cut off her hair and gave her a fringe. The rest barely touched her shoulders. Once they'd dyed her hair a sandy blonde, she sat on the bed, a towel around her bruised neck, staring at her new passport. Emma Matthews, 25, from Lincoln, Nebraska. Her hair had been photoshopped to look like it did now, but lighter. It seemed to have been done by a professional hand. "We're married," Edward said, sitting on the edge of the bed, giving her his passport. Anthony Matthews, 31, from Omaha, Nebraska. "Straight to the point, huh." Her mouth quirked in a smile. "I'm glad I got to skip the wedding. I hate weddings." He smiled and took off his shoes before sitting in front of her. "Why married, though? Why not a sibling thing or a friend or whatever?" "It's easier to get information should one of us be wounded or killed, easier to deal with legalities, easier to explain travelling together. It's just easier." He opened his bag, taking out a binder and placing it between them. "This has all the information about your past. I've memorized everything, so you can have it until tomorrow night. Learn as much as you can about Nebraska. If you have any questions, ask." The bedside lamp was on when he returned from shower. She'd drawn her knees close to her chest, and the binder was open in her lap but she was staring at a picture on the opposite wall. Watching her, he realized that no matter how drastically they changed her hair, her features were too striking. She had wide, strong eyebrows, a small mouth, and an athletic build. They could've done anything, and it wouldn't have been enough to fool anyone. He realized he was in a pair of sweatpants when she caught his eye, but when she looked away, blush covering her cheeks, it struck him just how very young she was. It was easy to forget with the life she'd lived, with how smart she was and how calm she'd stayed through the evening. She'd taken the situation in stride. "What happens tomorrow?" she asked, eyeing the binder until he'd pulled a T-shirt over his head. He sat on the bed beside her. "We'll catch an early flight to Milwaukee and stay with a friend of mine until further notice." She looked up, and he saw that her eyes were red-rimmed, but before he could comment, she looked in her lap. "I don't want to talk about it." Nodding, he offered her one of his T-shirts. She shut off the lamp and got changed as he separated the blanket from the bedspread and gave her the blanket. He left his gun on the bedside table. "I don't think I'll sleep, but if I do and I get restless, a kick or a nudge will easily