Title: Something Extraordinary Summary: A vintage dress, a lost love letter, and a little scheming set in motion events that will change the lives of four people and remind them that extraordinary love is worth fighting for. Pairing: Edward/Bella, Emmett/Rosalie Rating: M Word count: 4,975 Bells jingled cheerfully as I pushed open the door to Cache, the vintage shop a coworker had recommended. "Hello! Is there something I can help you find today?" the girl behind the register greeted. "My boyfriend is a junior associate at Waters & York, and they're hosting a garden party. I need a dress that's summery but still fancy enough for the lawyer set," I explained. "How fun! I'm sure we'll have something perfect." She led me to a rack of colorful dresses, then, with my assurance that I would tell her if I needed to try anything on, she returned to the front of the store. I perused the dresses until a dark teal one caught my eye. The deep sweetheart neckline of the bodice ended just below the bust and it had Queen Anne sleeves. The skirt was a large rose print and it looked like it would flare prettily when I moved. I called over the sales girl and she led me to a dressing room. As I slipped the soft material over my head, a sense of rightness settled over me. I glanced in the mirror, and even without having the dress zipped, I knew it was perfect. I was smoothing my hands appreciatively over the fitted waist and the flared skirt when something crinkled beneath my fingertips. My brows furrowed in confusion; there was no crinoline in the skirt, so it shouldn't crinkle. I felt around the skirt and my hand slipped into a hidden pocket. My breath caught in my throat as I pulled out an envelope bearing the red, white, and blue air-mail border, yellowed with age. I carefully lifted the flap and removed the delicate letter. My Dearest Rosie, I'm sorry I haven't written yet. I've had no opportunity until now. But, you must believe me, you are constantly on my mind. Your coy smile that hides your secrets, the mischievous sparkle in your eyes, the silk of your skin beneath my fingertips. I was never a religious man, but having met you, I now believe in angels. In the middle of a war there are no guarantees, so I know I can't promise you a future. But, if you promise to wait for me, I promise to do everything I can to return to you. I wish I could have stayed with you, married you, built a life with you. I still want to, and though it's not fair to you, I implore you: don't marry Royce. Though I can't offer you the stability he can, he can't offer you a hundredth of the love I can. I know in your heart you feel the same way, but your practical mind is telling you it's too fast, too impossible. Rosie, please listen to your heart. The love we have is extraordinary, and it's worth fighting for. I am fighting for us. Faithfully, M Tears welled in my eyes as I read the passionate words. His message of extraordinary love struck a chord inside me, casting a harsh light on something that was severely lacking in my life. I had been with Jasper for nearly a year now, and while he was a sweet man, he didn't exactly incite passion in me. He was more like a favorite pair of sweatpants that you looked forward to changing into after a long day, warm and comfortable. With a sigh, I carefully unzipped the dress, replacing the envelope in the hidden pocket before slipping back into my clothes. As the sales girl rang me up, I leaned on the counter, trying to keep my voice nonchalant. "I don't suppose you have the contact information of the person who brought this dress in?" Her mouth pulled into a thoughtful moue. "I might have their phone number somewhere. I'm afraid I can't just give it out, though." "There was an old letter in a pocket of the dress," I offered. "I was hoping to return it to its owner." "Hm," she muttered, reaching under the counter and producing a ledger book. She flipped a few pages before shouting triumphantly, "Here we go. Four days ago, E. Cullen brought in several vintage dresses." She scribbled the number onto a scrap of paper and pressed it into my palm. "Thanks," I replied, tucking the paper into my pocket. She beamed at me as I left the shop, eager to place what I hoped would be a well received phone call. o-o-o-o-o-o "Hello?" I had expected an older woman to answer the number I'd gotten from the vintage shop. Instead, the person who answered the phone sounded very young and very male. "E. Cullen?" I asked, flustered. "Yes, this is Edward. Who is this?" "Um. My name is Bella Swan. You don't know me -" Before I could go any further, he cut me off. "If I don't know you, how did you get this number?" "I bought a dress today -" He interrupted me again. "I should care about your shopping habits, why?" "Well, if you'd stop interrupting me, I'd be able to tell you!" I snapped at him. I paused for a moment, expecting another snide retort, but he kept quiet. Smart man. "As I was saying," I continued pointedly, "I bought a dress at a vintage shop today, and there was a personal letter in the pocket. I wanted to return it to its owner, and this is the number the girl at the shop gave me. If I have the wrong number, you can just say so without being so rude." I heard him mutter, "Shit," softly, before he cleared his throat. "A letter?" "Yes," I confirmed. "I read it, and it seemed like the kind of thing that its owner probably wouldn't want to lose." He sighed heavily. "Yes, you're right. Can you bring it to 85 Magnolia Court at two this afternoon? I would meet you at a coffee shop or something, but I can't really get out of the house today." "Sure," I conceded, slightly mollified by the apologetic tone of his voice. There was a moment of awkward silence before I realized he wasn't going to say anything else. "Ok, see you then. Bye." I rambled before hanging up. Hopefully he'd be nicer in person. o-o-o-o-o-o I rang the doorbell at two o'clock sharp, then smoothed my skirt anxiously. I'd decided to wear the dress to return the letter, feeling like it was symbolic and romantic, but now I was second-guessing my decision. Too late now, I suppose. The door swung open, and my breath hitched. The man standing before me was incredibly handsome, if you ignored the scowl on his face. Startlingly green eyes regarded me warily from beneath heavy brows, the tension in his mouth doing nothing to detract from the fullness of his lips. He lifted a hand to scratch at the dark shadow of stubble scattered along his strong square jaw, then lifted it higher to run his fingers through the riotous mass of bronze hair on top of his head. A swirl of dark ink peeked out from beneath the sleeve of his t-shirt. "Are you Bella?" he asked, breaking me out of my perusal of him. I cleared my throat, before sticking my hand out in greeting. "Yes, I'm Bella Swan. Are you Edward?" He eyed my hand, and I dropped it back to my side self-consciously; he smirked at my discomfort. "Yes, I'm Edward. Did you bring the letter?" "Oh, right, yes. Here," I stammered, thrusting the envelope at him. He took it gingerly, slipping it into the back pocket of the well-worn jeans hanging low on his narrow hips. I stood there awkwardly, unsure of what to do now that I had completed my mission. I'm not sure what I had expected, but this seemed so anticlimactic. Edward cleared his throat uncomfortably, before muttering, "Well...thanks," and moving to close the door. "No problem," I offered weakly, turning to leave. Just as my foot hit the top step, a musical voice called, "Edward, who is this woman, and why is she wearing my dress?" I turned around slowly, once again shocked by the beauty of the person in front of me. A woman had joined Edward in the doorway, and if not for her silver hair, she could have passed for his older sister. Her bright blue eyes regarded me curiously, then she smiled broadly, waving off Edward's explanation. "Never mind, I'd rather hear it from her. Come in and have a chat, dear?" Though she phrased it as a question, I had a feeling it wasn't actually a request. I nodded timidly, stepping into the house. "Edward, be a dear and pull together some refreshments, will you? I'd like iced tea with lemon and," she paused, giving me a pointed look. I realized we hadn't been introduced, so I quickly offered my name. "Nice to meet you, Bella," she replied. "I'm Rosalie King. What would you like to drink?" "Um. Iced tea with lemon is fine." She nodded then turned back to Edward. "Two iced teas with lemon. And bring those blueberry scones, as well." With that, she turned and strode away. I scurried to follow her, but not before I heard Edward muttering about how she never offered him refreshments when he came over. Rosalie led me into a spacious sun room and settled onto one of the plush sofas, gesturing for me to do the same. She regarded me silently for a moment before asking, "Well, Bella, forgive me for repeating myself, but why are you at my house wearing my old dress?" As I explained how I'd come to be sitting in her sunroom, she pursed her lips thoughtfully, and when Edward entered the room carrying a tray, she eyed him appraisingly. "Thank you, now get out. Go develop some pictures of something," she dismissed him. She turned to me and stage-whispered, "Just because he's had some pictures published in National Geographic, he thinks he's some hot-shot photographer. Pfft." He rolled his eyes at her, but dropped a kiss to her forehead. As he turned to leave, she snatched the envelope out of his back pocket, smiling triumphantly. Her smile turned wistful as she considered the letter, and when she met my eyes again, hers shimmered with unshed tears. "I was 19," she murmured. "We lived close to a military base, and one night my friends dragged me into town because basic training had just wrapped up and they wanted to find themselves a 'hot soldier'. I was seeing someone, but they insisted I join them." "We were in a pub, and once my friends snagged their soldiers, I decided to head home. Just as I was leaving, I ran into this solid wall of man. He literally swept me off my feet." "We ended up talking for hours. He begged to see me again, but I was hesitant, since I was already seeing someone. He wouldn't be dissuaded, though." She laughed a little, getting a faraway look in her eyes before shaking herself out of her reverie. "Anyway, suffice to say, I saw him again. And again, and again. We had a whirlwind love affair. He told me he loved me, and at the time, I thought that it was impossible. Looking back, though, I loved him, too." "The day before my soldier was to ship out, my boyfriend, Royce, proposed. I didn't know what to do. I was so caught up in my soldier, but he was leaving for war. And my parents approved of Royce; he was the new shining star at the bank where Father worked. I didn't answer Royce right away, and my soldier begged me to wait for him,