Title: Quédate Conmigo Summary: Seeking adventure, Isabella Swan plans a small excursion to Rosarito Beach in Baja California, Mexico. What she never expected was for her journey there to be one from Hell. However, her fate might be different after meeting a local resident of the small town. Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: T Word count: 3,405 ~)QC(~ Exasperated, Bella tosses her purse on the hotel's reception counter before crossing her arms and leaning forward. Glaring at the associate opposite her, she says, "I'd like to speak with the manager." The blonde receptionist offers Bella a strained smile. "Is there a problem, miss?" she asks in a heavy accent. Bella exhales, rolling her eyes. There was a problem all right, but having gotten the wrong suite was just one of the many things making her day disastrous. This trip was supposed to be perfect, Bella thinks. Everything was supposed to run smoothly. "I'm sorry, miss, but if you do not tell me what's the matter, I cannot help you, okay?" the receptionist tells her monotonously. "What a bitch," Bella mutters, shaking her head. The blonde narrows her eyes. "Excuse me?" she quips. "What did you say?" For a second, Bella feels chagrined, causing her to say, "I want to go to the beach." The receptionist doesn't look convinced, yet she tells Bella, "Is that the problem? Why do you need the manager, then?" "That's obviously not my problem," Bella retorts. "I need the manager because there's a mistake with my reservation." "And correcting it is part of my job," the blonde reasons. "Listen," Bella sighs, "I don't want to be rude—" any more than I already have been , she mentally adds, "—so, I'd really prefer to speak to someone from management." "I don't understand," the receptionist argues, shaking her head. "I can help you, but you don't want my help?" Bella counts to ten, taking deep breaths to try to dissipate her frustration. As she threads her fingers in her long mane, she briefly closes her eyes and exhales once more. When she's about to speak again, Bella's interrupted by a man's appealing voice behind her. "Is there a problem?" he asks. Bella turns then, facing the handsome man who just spoke. For a second, Bella's at a loss for words—a result of his stunning features—so she simply stares at him. Quickly recovering, Bella nods. "There's been a mistake with my reservation, so I've been trying to get someone from management to speak with me, yet it's been to no avail. This receptionist has told me she can help me, but I need someone a bit more trustworthy since the last person to help me screwed up my reservation more than it already was." "I'm very sorry to hear that, miss, but please don't fret any longer. I'm Eduardo Cuellar—General Manager of the Rosarito Beach Hotel," he says, extending his hand to her. "I'll gladly help you with your problem." "Thank you," Bella exhales with relief, shaking his extended hand. "I'm Isabella Swan, by the way; nice to meet you." Eduardo flashes Bella a dazzling smile. "Likewise," he says, releasing her hand. Then, he rounds the reception desk and begins using the attendant's computer while asking her, "Tania, why didn't you call me?" "¡Eduardo, yo podía ayudarla, pero ella no quiso!" Tania counters, explaining she could've resolved the problem yet Bella didn't allow it. Eduardo sighs, frustrated. "How many times have I told you to refrain from speaking Spanish when a customer might not know the language? It's rude and disrespectful." Tania rolls her eyes at Eduardo yet addresses Bella when she says, "I'm sorry." "It's okay," Bella replies with a shrug. Eduardo doesn't seem fazed by Tania's behavior as he searches Bella's reservation information on their booking management-system. When it's available, he asks Tania to search for another receptionist named Irina. " Why? " Tania whines. "Just go," Eduardo orders. Wordlessly, Tania storms off, as Bella looks on amused. Bella had never seen such a rude customer representative before. "I'm sorry you had to deal with that," Eduardo tells Bella. "Well, all of this misunderstanding, really." Slumping her shoulders, Bella exhales. " I'm sorry for making such a big deal out of this, but I've just had the worst day." "Is that so?" Bella nods. "My airline lost my luggage, and to make matters worse, customs won't give me my cat unless a Mexican vet examines her and provides a certificate stating she's healthy—which I already did in Seattle before coming here." "I'm pretty sure what they only wanted was money," Eduardo explains, shaking his head. "Unfortunately, that's the way things work around here." "God, I'm such an idiot," Bella groans. "Why didn't I think of that?" Eduardo offers her a polite smile. "They would have ripped you off, you know." Bella returns his smile. "You think?" "I'm sure," Eduardo replies. "Now, let's get back to your reservation, okay?" "Okay." "So, you originally made your reservation for the Pacifico Tower, correct?" "Yes." "And when you came in to register, you changed it to the Playas Tower?" "No," Bella objects. "The first receptionist I spoke to said my room wasn't available yet—she mentioned something about a late check-out—so she offered me another room. I didn't want to be picky, so I readily agreed, but I asked her to switch my room to the Coronado Tower . Then, when I went to what was supposed to be my room, it was occupied." "I see," Eduardo sighs. "So, Irina didn't tell you she'd booked you in the Playas Tower?" "No. If she had, I would have cancelled my reservation. No offense, but those suites just don't appeal to me." "And that is totally understandable, Miss Swan. The problem here is Irina should have explained that the only master suites available are in the Playas Tower. But don't worry; I've fixed this. So, you'll be getting your room in the Pacifico Tower just as you'd requested." Bella's face lights up. "Really?" "Yes." Eduardo nods. "It won't be available until 5:00 p.m. this evening—" " Until 5'clock? " Bella interjects. "Correct, but don't worry. On behalf of the Rosarito Beach Hotel, I'd like for you to accept a full-day treatment at our very own Casa Playa Spa. That way, you'll be pampered while you wait." "Oh, wow, I… I don't know what to say." "Please accept, Miss Swan," Eduardo beseeches. "I'd love to make it up to you for all the trouble we've put you through." Bella flushes as she looks down. She doesn't want to accept because the offer feels extravagant, yet she also doesn't have anywhere else to go. However, she finally agrees because she doesn't want Eduardo to feel bad. When she gazes at Eduardo again, she nods. "Okay; I'll take it." Eduardo grins. "I promise you're going to love it," he says, delighted. "I'm sure I will," Bella chuckles. "Oh, and another thing: would you give me your flight information? I know someone at the airport who can help me pull some strings to get your belongings here quicker. All I have to do is make a call." "You'd do that for me?" Bella asks, astonished. "Yes." Eduardo nods, gazing intensely into her eyes. "It would be my pleasure, actually." Blushing once more, Bella nods, too. "All right, but I'm not really worried about my luggage; Luna, my kitten, is my priority." "I figured," he explains. "But don't worry. We'll have her here sooner than you think." ~)QC(~ The following day, Bella sits alone at a table in a high-end nightclub. As she sips her raspberry mojito, she recalls the previous day's events. A sigh escapes her as she thinks about Eduardo and all the great things he did for her. Just as he promised, he'd been able to get her cat from customs at the airport while also arranging for her luggage to be delivered at the hotel in the following days. The spa treatment he'd gifted her had been top-notch and included meals, too. Everything about Eduardo intrigues her, especially the kind of influence he has in the local town. He's probably not from here, she reasons since his English is perfect and without an accent like most of the locals have. He also doesn't look like someone from Rosarito but more from somewhere else, maybe the city or even from another country. Bella sighs again, remembering Eduardo's chiseled face and his blue-green eyes that made her blush every time he gazed intensely at her. Then, there's his tall and lean body, making her think he probably runs daily while she's still cuddled with Luna in bed. The one thing that drives her wild is his crooked smirk and side-cropped hair. She briefly closes her eyes, imaging Eduardo in his black suit behind the hotel's reception counter. When she opens them again, she's almost sure she's losing her mind because she sees him standing in front of her. Although, he's not in his work clothes, so she can't be imagining him so vividly. "Hello, Isabella," he says. "What are you doing here all by yourself?" Bella grins, glad the music playing in the club is at a volume that allows her to hear Eduardo clearly. "What are you doing here? Are you stalking me?" she teases. Eduardo smirks, crinkling his eyes. "I'm babysitting my little brother and his girlfriend." "I bet that's a lot of fun, huh?" "It actually is," Eduardo chuckles. "Eleazar and Carmen are always up to something, so it's truly adventurous to hang out with them." "How young are they?" "Twenty-one"—Eduardo rolls his eyes—"so, they're still immature brats, especially my brother." "I see." Eduardo shifts nervously, rubbing the back of his neck. "So, listen, I was wondering if you'd like to join us at our table? We wouldn't mind at all if you did." "Oh." Bella's smile falters. She can't help but feel as if the invitation is simply out of pity. "While I appreciate the offer, I must decline. I'm pretty sure you're here with a date, and I'd hate to be the fifth wheel." " I'm the fifth wheel tonight, Isabella," he explains. "So, I'd greatly appreciate it if you kept me company." "You're not just saying that so I won't stay here by myself?" "No"—Eduardo lifts his hand, showing Bella two fingers—"Scout's honor." Smiling, Bella stands with her drink in hand. "All right, I'll go, but I don't promise to be good company. I'm a pretty boring person." "I highly doubt that," Eduardo counters. "But even if you were, we'd keep you entertained. Just wait and see." Eduardo then leads Bella to the table where his brother and friends are waiting for him. When they finally arrive, Eduardo introduces Bella to one of the two couples by saying, "Gaspar y Maria, les presento a Isabella Swan." Bella extends her hand and greets Maria first. "Mucho gusto," Bella tells her before doing the same with Gaspar. Eduardo looks over at Bella, perplexed. "You speak Spanish?" Bella nods, smiling. "I do." "You didn't mention anything yesterday during our exchange," he accuses. "That's because you were properly chastising Tania," Bella says, blushing at her admission. "Yo no entendí nada de lo que dijeron, pero si están hablando de Tania, no debe ser nada bueno," Gaspar jokes, saying he doesn't understand what Eduardo and Bella were saying, but if it has to do with Tania, it can't be anything good. Eduardo bashfully shakes his head as Maria and Bella laugh. "Okay," he says, addressing Bella. "Let me introduce you to my brother and his girlfriend." Bella looks over to the other couple, who are busy kissing and cuddling. Eduardo clears his throat and taps Eleazar on the back to get his attention. " What?" Eleazar grumbles as he pulls away from his girlfriend. "Don't be an asshole, Lee," Eduardo warns. "I'm just trying to introduce you to someone." Eleazar raises his brow, checking Bella out. "'Sup?" he says, raising his chin. "Hi." Bella waves. " God ,