Title: Just This Side of Crazy Summary: I deal in crazy all day long, but meeting her made me question my own sanity. Maybe she was certifiably insane, but I believed her. So what did that make me? Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 4988 EPOV I squeezed my eyes shut against the harsh glare of the overhead fluorescents and sagged against the counter, taking a quiet moment to shake off the exhaustion. Fuck, these overnights killed me. "Dr. Cullen?" Sue called from behind the desk. My eyes snapped to hers as she gazed at me worriedly. "Are you alright?" I nodded and rubbed the back of my neck, twisting my head from side to side to work the kinks out. "Yeah, just not used to these night shifts yet." She smiled sympathetically and patted my hand in a motherly gesture. "You'll get used to it." Sue was the head nurse on the ward during the night shift. An extremely kind hearted woman, she was the most compassionate nurse I'd ever had the pleasure of knowing. Not to mention competent and meticulous to a fault. She tended to mother me a little more than anyone else, but that was mainly because of my age and the fact the she never had any children of her own. At twenty six, I was officially the youngest licensed psychiatrist practicing in the area. I'd taken this job at Harborview Psychiatric Hospital after my residency because it was one of the top inpatient mental health facilities in Seattle. However, being the youngest doctor and the most recent addition to the staff meant that I got stuck with some of the less appealing tasks…like working the overnight shift. Sue cleared her throat and shuffled through some files on the desk before passing me a chart. "Dr. Cheney called from Virginia Mason. Seems we've got a new patient headed this way." "Now?" "Yep," she responded briskly. "He sent over her paperwork about ten minutes ago." I begrudgingly took the file and looked at my watch. Half past midnight. Fan-fucking-tastic. "Well, maybe Hunter can give her an evaluation in the morning." "Nope. Cheney says she's awake and verbalizing, so it needs to be done right away." Sue smirked at me. She knew how much I loathed the new patient admission process. "But if you're good, I might be able to finagle you some pot roast." My head snapped up and I grinned like a five year old on Christmas morning. Fuck, she had me salivating at the mere mention of a home cooked meal. "Harry bringing you dinner?" "He'd better be if he knows what's good for him!" She smirked and let out a hearty laugh. "Old coot's got nothing better to do. He said he'd be here around three if that's good for you." "God, I could kiss you!" I was your typical bachelor living off of barbeque hot pockets and pizza delivery. Getting a real home cooked meal was akin to winning the fucking lottery in my book. She slapped at my arm and grinned, her eyes crinkling at the corners. "Oh you! Stop flirting with an old lady and get back to work!" I smiled at her playfulness and winked suggestively, tucking the newly acquired patient file under my arm. "Can't help myself. You've got me riled up with all that food talk! Call me when the new patient gets here. I'll be in my office." I turned and strode down the hallway toward the electronic double doors that led to the back offices, stopping abruptly in front of the keypad situated on the wall. My heart squeezed a little as I punched in my access code. Eleven. Thirteen. Sixty-eight. My mother's birthday. The double doors opened and I strolled down the corridor until I reached the heavy oak door of my office. As I stepped inside, I looked wistfully at the couch situated against the wall on the far side of the room and quietly swore under my breath. If not for this new patient, I might've been able to lie down and catch a little shuteye. Alas, it wasn't meant to be. I plopped down into the chair behind my desk, the leather creaking and groaning under my weight, and opened the file on my new patient. I was struck right away by the scanned photo. She looked to be around my age with creamy skin, hazel eyes, and pouty lips. Fuck me. To top it all off, she was a brunette. Why were the beautiful ones always crazy? I sighed wearily as I flipped past the photo to the first page of Cheney's report. There really wasn't a lot here to work with. No identification, which wasn't unusual in these types of cases, accompanied by a short list of non-life-threatening injuries. She was non-combative during the examination in the ER, but the notes indicated that she was completely nonsensical and her toxicology report came back negative for any type of drugs in her system. My thoughts were interrupted by the shrill ring of the phone. I fumbled with the receiver before pressing it to my ear. "Yeah, Sue?" "Your new patient has arrived." I quickly hung up the phone and rushed from my office. The file said this girl wasn't hostile, but I couldn't take any chances with Sue. I impatiently punched my code into the keypad, getting it wrong the first two times, and sent up a quiet thanks when the double doors finally swung open. Yet all of my anxiety was for nothing. There, spinning in the center of the brightly lit hallway, was the most beautiful vision I'd ever seen. Her long, wavy hair whipped around her as her tinkling giggle reverberated off the walls. Sue laughed right along with the mystery girl, clapping softly in time, as if she too could hear some phantom melody. "Alright, dear, that's enough now. Come meet your new doctor," Sue grinned, placing her hands on the girls' shoulders to halt her twirling. She whipped around to look at me and a bright smile lit up her face. "You're not dead either! This is fantastic! Not dead! Not dead!" She danced in a circle around me chanting those words over and over, like a gypsy in celebration. "Hey, hey," I chucked, her exuberance positively infectious. "I need you to calm down please. You're going to wake the other patients." "Sorry, sorry, sorry," she whispered, pinching her lips together remorsefully. Her sunny disposition was overcome by one of fear and anxiety, like storm clouds moving across a bright blue sky. She held out her hand toward me and curled her fingers in a 'come hither' motion. I moved toward her slowly as she bounced on her toes nervously. As soon as I was within reach, she grabbed the lapel of my coat and pulled me down to where she could whisper in my ear. "Am I going to be locked up again? I can't breathe in a box!" Glassy eyes filled with unshed tears bored into me as she began to tremble. "Please don't put me in the box!" Sue gazed at me worriedly while I took in the girl's appearance for the first time. She had a four inch gash on her forehead right at her hairline and her jaw was mottled with bruises, the most prominent being a thick red and purple mark straight across her neck . Dr. Cheney had put almost thirty stitches in to close that head wound and, while the hospital had cleaned her up as best they could, I could still see streaks of dirt on her face and hands. They'd changed her into a pair of light blue scrubs, but I was willing to bet the clothes that I'd find in the plastic drawstring bag on Sue's desk were in just as bad a shape. I needed to sit down with this girl and assess her so I could begin treatment. "I'm not going to put you in a box…I swear it." She seemed to relax a bit at my words as she gazed up at me. "Pretty, pretty green," she sighed. "Won't put me in a box." I smiled at her easy acceptance and held out my hand. "Will you come with me to my office and we can talk?" She looked to Sue for reassurance before nodding, slipping her small hand in mine. I led her down to my office and situated her on the couch while I took the wingback chair. Looking at her face, I could tell her emotions were all over the place. Fear, elation, remorse…she ran the gamut. I sat my recorder on the small coffee table in front of her and pulled out my notepad and pen. "How about we start with who you are? Can you tell me your name?" "I'm the voice of the lost, the truth teller, the naysayer-" "That's not a name," I sighed. "Let's try again. What's your name?" "Itsy Bitsy," she replied before breaking out into a haunting rendition of The Itsy Bitsy Spider. She jumped off the couch and twirled around, adding the appropriate hand gestures to her song. I fought to keep a straight face, but my grin broke through. She was too fucking cute. As soon as her song concluded, she calmly took her seat back on the couch. "While that was quite entertaining …I still need your name," I pressed. "Itsy Bitsy!" She insisted, beginning her song anew. I held my hands up in as a sign of surrender, chuckling quietly. "Okay, okay! I'll call you Itsy for now. My name's Dr. Cullen." "Yep. Edward, Edward, Edward. I know, she told me." "Who told you?" I asked, shocked that she knew my first name. Sue always made a point never to use doctors' first names in the presence of patients as we weren't exactly dealing with people of sound mind here. Itsy pointed toward my desk. "She did." I whipped around, half expecting to see someone sitting in the chair behind my desk, but of course no one was there. Laughing at my own absurdity, I turned back toward Itsy and leaned forward in my chair, placing my elbows on my knees. "Do you know why you're here, Itsy?" She immediately settled back into the couch, suddenly timid. "I didn't want to be there, but they asked me. He put me in a box. All I did was tell the truth and he put me in a box. The spiders came and chased away what I had left and I couldn't find Casper! Casper has what I need…" I scribbled furiously across my notepad, trying to take down key words and gestures. I'd have Sue transcribe the recording later, but I wanted to makes notes on the more critical points. Her mood swings were exaggerated and she seemed to be speaking in a code that only she could understand. Given those tells, I was fairly certain she had a mild form of Schizophrenia. My mother had been the same way when she was off her meds. "Itsy, who is Casper?" I asked, trying to ascertain the identity of someone else in her life. "Did Casper put you in the box?" She threw her hands up in frustration and huffed. "Of course not! Casper is you! He's you, silly man." I was completely bewildered. "I don't understand, Itsy. How can Casper be me? I'm Edward. You said so yourself." "Casper, Edward…all the same. All the same." She ran her hand through her long hair, pulling it over one shoulder. My eyes were immediately drawn to what appeared to be part of a tattoo peeking out from under the neckline of her top. I flipped through her file again, finding no mention of a tattoo. Someone missed it. "Itsy, would you mind if I looked at the back of your neck?" She looked confused for a moment, but then shrugged nonchalantly. Without batting an eye, she snatched the pen out