Title: Presence of Mind Summary: Edward was out of his mind when Bella met him. Can she help him find it in time? Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: T (very mild language) Word count: 3721 Presence of Mind I noticed him right away, of course. My god, you'd have to have been blind and deaf not to have noticed him. It took three of them to drag him in the door, twitching and resistant, an almost feral wildness in the way his eyes darted around the room. But, oh, he was beautiful; my eyes skittered over his face, unable to take him in all at once. I consumed him in small pieces, from his sharply angled jaw, large, widely spaced green eyes – fringed with ridiculously long, dark lashes – to his bold eye brows, full, perfect lips and cleft chin. The slight bump on his aristocratic nose kept him from being too perfect. "Rose," I whispered to the intake processor, with whom I'd been chatting while on my break, "who's that, and who gets him?" She snickered, glancing up from her keyboard, back down, and then quickly back up again, doing an actual double-take. Her jaw dropped slightly on the second go 'round. See? I'm not shallow, even Rose was stunned by his good looks. "Wow!" was all she said, but that was something, coming from the woman married to Emmett McCarty, who, up until now, was the best looking man I'd ever seen. We were both rude in our stares, although I doubt he took any note, it was plain to see that whatever meds they had him on were fogging his brain and limiting his grasp on reality. "What'll you give me to put him in one of your rooms?" Rose asked, still staring. "What do you want?" I asked, also still staring. "Hmm..." "Wait a minute!" I said, still staring, but coming to my senses enough to realize I was being played. "I'm the only one that has an open room!" She sighed, conceding the point, and then her smirk returned. "True, though I could switch you out with one of Mike's patients. He'd love this guy!" "No! Give him to me and we'll come to some accommodation, later. Please!" I begged. "Oh, alright. I'll let you know what you owe me." She cocked an elegant eyebrow at me and warned, "Expect expensive!" I just nodded, still staring. By now, Jacob and Seth had the young man maneuvered through the lobby and down the hall, while Sam handed his paperwork to Rose. I jumped up to go behind her, reading over her shoulder as she entered his information. Sam gave us both the eye, licking his lips, as he plopped down in the chair I had just vacated across from her desk. "Ladies," he said. From the corner of my eye I noted that he was preening, trying to get my attention, but he was fighting a losing battle. I only had eyes for the clipboard in Rose's hands, which contained my version of the holy grail, all there would be to know about the gorgeous creature currently being installed in my block of rooms. Edward. His name was Edward. An hour later I found myself standing over his prone form. They had strapped him down to the bed, and they must have given him more medication, because he wasn't moving; the only sign of life was the slight rise and fall of his chest as he breathed. I glanced over his lean length and realized his body was a perfect match to his face, and every time I looked at him I felt a shock to my system. "Get a hold of yourself, you idiot," I scolded internally, and turned my attention to the chart hanging from the end of the bed. My brow furrowed as I read it. He was being given two anti-psychotics, and two anti-depressants, all low doses, but no wonder he was so spacey and twitchy. I had never heard of these drugs being used in combination, and I couldn't imagine it being a good idea. The prescribing doctor was not someone with whom I was familiar, Dr. Jessica Stanley. "Hmm," I mused, "she must be really old or gay, because no young, straight woman could ever do that to this man." Then I was back to chastising myself for my shallow thoughts. Shouldn't I be outraged that she would prescribe that combination for anyone, good looks not withstanding? I dug deeper, trying to find what condition these medications were supposed to treat, but there was nothing specific. Further down there was a note that he was to be kept 'non communicative', for his own safety. That raised all kinds of red flags; how could he be treated if he couldn't communicate? And, no, I am not a conspiracy theorist...but hey, when something looks suspicious, I do notice. His muttering pulled my attention back to him. His hands were grasping at air, straining against the straps around his wrists. Dropping his chart, I went to stand beside him, marveling that any level of consciousness was possible for him, given the combination of chemicals in his system. I laid my hand over his, and he immediately stilled and quieted, and then, after lacing his fingers with mine, lapsed into a near catatonic state. The strangest thing happened, though, where our hands were joined some sort of...well, I don't know how to describe it, except as an exchange of energy took place. It was at that moment that I knew, my course was set. This was not me, I never rebelled, I always kept with the program. Yet, despite the fact that this was going to be tricky, maybe impossible, the compulsion to know him, talk to him, have him in my life, was irresistible. Resistance was futile. I scoffed a bit at my internal rambling, what was I doing, channeling Captain Picard in his Borg state? But, whatever - not weaning Edward from those meds was not an option, and neither was not doing anything necessary to get him out of this place. I stood there for several minutes, holding his hand and contemplating the situation. The most immediate problem was the night nurse, Alice. I would have to keep her from knowing something was up. Fortunately, none of his medication was administered during her shift. For the next three days I did my best to be inconspicuous with my extra attention to him, but I had to make sure that when he was aware enough to respond, I was there to warn him to fake it. I estimated that I had two nights, but wanted to take no chances, so I went home the first day and got clothes to change into, and when my shift was over I hid out in my car in the back of the building. On the third night I waited to sneak back in until I was sure Alice was on her break and thoroughly distracted by her conversation with her boyfriend, Jasper. I crept silently into his room, figuring I had about 30 minutes before Alice made her rounds. I wondered idly if I could hide in the closet 'til she was finished. I thought that might work. I took his hand and studied his sleeping countenance. Suddenly, his eyes popped open wide, astonishing me with their clarity, and the intensity of his gaze into mine; it felt as though he had entered my brain. "I can't hear you," he whispered, desperation in his voice, and then he relaxed, closed his eyes and smiled. "I can't hear you," he repeated, "but I can feel you." He gripped my hand tighter, "What's your name?" he asked in a normal conversational tone, as though we had met at a party or something, and yes, his voice was as attractive as the rest of him. "Bella," I supplied, too shocked to do anything else. He continued smiling, and then he hummed, "Ummm, Bella...nice. Welcoming and warm. You like me!" His smile faded, and he opened his eyes, now regarding me with a frown. "You don't even know me. I'm crazy, dangerous to be around, too. You shouldn't be my friend, Bella." His mood swings were giving me whiplash. I didn't care, my attraction to him wouldn't be denied, and I decided to just play along with the weirdness. I was wondering what the hell I'd gotten myself into, though. What was he talking about, he couldn't hear me, but he could feel me, and how did he know how I felt about him? "But, I am your friend, Edward, and I'm going to help you," I promised, putting my questions aside for later. "Maybe I don't want help, did ya ever think of that?" he spat, his frown deepening. I let my bottom lip creep out, elated when his eyes softened, dropped to my mouth and lingered. "Sorry," he said, softly, "I didn't mean to hurt your feelings." "It's OK, but Edward, you have to help me, too. Can you do that?" "I just...I don't want...," he sighed and gave up, his eyes now on the ceiling. "What can I do to help you, Bella?" "We have to keep it between just the two of us that you aren't taking your meds." "Oh," he said, and then his eyes widened and he looked down at himself. "What...where am I, what's going on?" "You are in the Redfern Psychiatric Hospital." "On some kind of medication?" "Yes, you've been on two anti-depressants, and two anti-psychotics. "And, now I'm not?" "Right." "Because you stopped giving them to me?" "Yes." "How long have I been here?" "This will be day three. What's the last thing you remember?" "I was at Biodyne, working, and then the voices got so bad, I went back to Dr. Stanley, and she gave me a glass of water and some pills, and the voices went away, but so did everything else, and then I woke up here..." his rambling trailed off and he looked at me with panic in his face. "What day is it, the date, I mean?" "The twelfth." "Oh my god, I've lost a week! Wait, what month is it?" "August." He gasped, "No! That means I've lost a month!" He stared at the wall for a moment, his expression fierce. "Those bastards!" he said finally, his beautiful green eyes back on mine. "What did you say they were giving me?" I told him. "And, you took me off of them." I couldn't tell from his tone what he thought of my decision to "help" him out. I could feel my face heating up. "Yes, kinda crazy, huh?" "Yeah, kinda crazy wonderful!" "Shh," I cautioned, "you have to hide that you are awake until I can figure out a way to get you out of here." "Why would you do this? You know this can't end well, right?" "You never know...anyway, I'm doing it. Listen, we don't have much time, Alice is the night nurse, and she can't know you're awake, so you're going to have to pretend to still be asleep when she comes to check on you. Can you do that?" "I'll do it. Will I have to stay strapped down?" "Only for tonight, tomorrow I'll unstrap you and you can get up for a while." "That'll be good." He gave a small nod and a weak smile. I knew the idea of spending the night strapped down was difficult, but he took it bravely. "I'm going to go, now, Edward, before Alice catches me in here." He glanced at our still-joined hands, and after giving my fingers another gentle squeeze, he released me from his hold. "OK, goodnight, Bella. I'll see you in the morning." I backed reluctantly toward the door, "Sleep well, I'll be here bright and early." I let my eyes sweep over him one last time before I left, committing as many details as possible to memory.