Title: Going Somewhere Summary: Two people stuck in a rut going nowhere; maybe not the same rut, but if one of them gets out of their rut and into the other's, is it still a rut or is it a new road going somewhere? Pairing: Edward & Bella Rating: T Word count: 4,995 Here he comes. I glanced up at the clock, which told me it was just a few minutes before ten o'clock. He always came in just before I closed – maybe he'd finished work or he needed to escape from the house for twenty minutes. I didn't know. What I did know was that I'd started looking forward to seeing him, although why that was I couldn't say, because we hardly ever exchanged more than the time of day. Okay, that's not true – I knew exactly why I looked forward to seeing him. And no, it wasn't because he was hot… well, not entirely. I mean, he was hot… like, a thousand degrees Fahrenheit hot. It was as if some higher power had been tasked with creating the most physically perfect man, designed to a set of characteristics plucked straight from my fantasies, and then threw in a few added extras for good measure. Tall – check. Fit, but without being gym-monkey ripped – check. High, sculpted cheekbones – check. Strong, chiseled jaw – check. Broad shoulders – check. Slim hips – check. Long legs – check. Kissable mouth – check and double check. As if that wasn't quite enough, he had the most incredible green eyes and extraordinarily beautiful hands – like a surgeon's or a pianist's. Capping it all off was a riotous mop of silky hair which was the color of a shiny new penny. I'd never been a particular fan of redheads in the past, but this guy… oh, I'm pretty sure he had made me a convert. And that smile. Oh, fuck me, what wouldn't I do to make that pretty mouth smile? Well, you could probably write it on the back of a postage stamp… with magic marker. Trouble was, I'd only ever seen it once. That one, lone smile didn't reach his eyes, and there was a melancholy there that seemed to reach into his very soul. I agonized for weeks about that. He had the tell-tale laughter lines around his eyes which spoke of a man who knew how to laugh – a man who had smiled and laughed often in his life. But something had happened to rob him of that ability, leaving behind a sadness which made my own heart ache. It was the occasion of that single smile that had turned my vague attraction for an unattainable man into a longing and desire which was close to becoming all-consuming. It had, in fact, been the catalyst for me to do something about my life and my dead-end relationship. Because Mike was, without putting too fine a point on it, a dick – it was essentially his default mode – and although I'd long since had enough of him, it was time to actually do something about it. The store was quiet, as was usual at that time of night. The after-work crowd had come and gone, and it was a good time to do a little inventory. Mike usually headed upstairs to our apartment once those buying last-minute dinner ingredients has cleared out, preferring to Velcro himself to the couch in front of the TV or hang out with his deadbeat buddies at O'Brien's Bar, rather than help me keep the business afloat. Still, I'd rather do it myself than put up with his bitching and moaning or, worse, his clumsy attempts at seduction – not that that had happened in a very long time. Oh yeah, that ship hadn't just sailed… it had sunk to the bottom of the fucking ocean with all hands lost a long time ago. I could never be glad my dad was no longer around, but sometimes I couldn't help but be relieved that he hadn't lived long enough to see me make the worst mistake of my life. Charlie had suffered a massive stroke a week before graduation, putting an end to plans for college and any hopes I'd fostered of escaping from this one-horse town. I'd had to take over the family business and also take care of my father. I knew he hated being a burden, but robbed of speech and most of his mobility, there was little he could do to articulate his disappointment that I'd sacrificed my life for his. By the time he died, I was stuck. Dad's savings and my college fund had long since been swallowed up by hospital bills, and his life insurance policy barely paid off the loans I'd taken out to cover subsequent medical and nursing costs. I'd known Mike most of my life, and he was around when I'd needed someone… when the loneliness became untenable. I should never have let it go beyond a one-night stand but discovering that I was pregnant meant that, one way or another, Mike was likely to become a long-term part of my life. Of course, I thought about a termination, but at twenty-eight I wasn't sure I was prepared to give up what might be my only chance of becoming a mother. Mike, too, seemed sincere in his wish to take care of me, so, like a damned fool, I said yes when he proposed. Two weeks after tying the knot at the courthouse, I miscarried. Turned out I had antiphospholipid antibodies, which essentially meant that my own body rejected the egg fertilised by Mike's little swimmer, and the chances of any future pregnancies being successful were slim to zero. The whole awful episode affected me more than I could ever have imagined, but I'd be lying if there wasn't a small part of me that wasn't a little relieved. Not about my inability to carry a baby to term – that kind of broke my heart – but because I really wasn't sure I wanted Mike as my baby-daddy. In all honesty, I was surprised he hung around – that is, until I worked out that he saw me and my store as his ticket to an easy life. Jesus, but he was a lazy fucker. After I lost the baby, I was too upset to do anything about our situation, and by the time I managed to shake myself out of my post-miscarriage ennui, Mike had pretty much parked his butt for the long term. When I suggested that I would have no objections if he wanted a divorce, he happily informed me that nothing could be further from his mind. Even when I told him that I was unlikely to ever be able to give him children, he just shrugged and said it didn't matter. Had I known then that living with Mike would be extraordinarily similar to taking care of a huge, overgrown child, I might have been more insistent that our marriage was little more than a sham. At first, I let myself believe that having someone – anyone – around was better than being on my own, but it eventually dawned on me that maybe living alone wasn't the worst thing in the world. The two of us fell into a dull and unchanging routine – I ran the store, did the ordering, stacked shelves, kept the books, paid the bills, cleaned the apartment, cooked all our meals and laundered our clothes. Mike did some of the heavy lifting, helped out in the store when we were busy and… uh, well, that was about it – unless you counted staying out of my way and drinking with his buddies. So, here I was, stuck with a business I never wanted and a husband I didn't much like, wondering where the last thirty years went and if this was all I could look forward to. I figured a little harmless daydreaming about a certain sad-eyed, redheaded hottie couldn't hurt. In those dreary, empty hours between seven and ten o'clock when I closed the store, I let my mind wander the highways and byways of the reasons for his sorrowful demeanor – the end of a relationship; a family bereavement; a parental estrangement. There were a lot of permutations, none of them a possible conversation opener. And I really wanted to find a way to get him talking. Oh, I'd made the usual storekeeper small talk – brief, stilted commentary on the weather, the price of eggs, the latest rash of burglaries in the local area. He rarely met my gaze, keeping his answers short and inviting little opportunity to draw him out without sounding pushy and desperate. Until, that is, the evening of The Smile. Ironically, it was that useless waste of oxygen I called a husband who gifted me with that precious moment. I'd stubbed my toe for the umpteenth time on a stack of boxes containing canned dog food which Mike was supposed to have moved because they were too heavy for me to lift. I usually managed to manhandle such items onto the small dolly I used to transfer stock from the storage area out back to the relevant shelves. However, one of the wheels had fallen off a couple of days ago, and I'd been too busy to fix it. I'd asked Mike to take a look, but he, of course, was too busy scratching his balls in front of the TV and talking trash on the phone to his deadbeat friends. I suspected that one of those deadbeats might have been the town bicycle, Jessica Stanley, but I was way past giving a flying fuck if he was knocking one out while she oohed and ahhed over the size of the cocktail sausage he called a dick. My only concerns were (a) that while he was spanking the monkey he wasn't moving the fucking boxes I needed to unpack and (b) whether he was making a mess on the couch. I mean, I had to sit on that fucker, too! So, as I say, I must have yelled up at him a half a dozen times to get his fat, lazy ass downstairs to do his fucking job, when the automatic door slid open. Glancing over at the monitor behind the counter that displayed the feeds from my four security cameras, I saw that it was Mr. Hottie McSexypants himself. Being as his arrival had become the highlight of my day, I was understandably excited, and, in an effort to track his progress as he walked out of shot, I turned to look towards the liquor shelves on the other side of the store and, in so doing, stumbled against those damned boxes for the millionth time. An involuntary curse exploded from my lips as I reached the limit of my patience. I grabbed the top box and hoisted it in my arms. I had pretty good upper body strength from the constant lifting I had to do in the face of Mike's congenital slothfulness, and my anger fed adrenalin into my muscles. With a grunt I swung around and tottered towards the pet supplies aisle, hoping to hell that I could not only keep a hold of my cargo but that I would be able to lower it to the floor without dropping it or fucking up my back. Unfortunately, I was barely halfway to my goal when I felt my load begin to slip, and as soon as it started to go, I knew I wasn't going to be able to prevent it from crashing to the ground. Even if I managed to jump back to save my toes from being crushed, I knew many of the cans would likely get damaged, which meant I'd have to discount those that had dents. My frustration peaking, I couldn't stop the roar of rage that burst forth. "Goddammit, Mike, you