Title: Beyond the Arch Bridge Summary: Alone in a foreign city, Edward watches from the sidelines as people party and laugh until a girl with a hammer pulls him out of his blues and helps him figure out how to live—and maybe how to love as well. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word Count: 4994 Edward smiled. He smiled indulgently, unwillingly, as if he were at one of those dinner parties that his mother so enjoyed dragging him to, and exhaled sharply through his nose, reminding himself for perhaps the twentieth time that it was not the fault of any of these people that he didn't have anything better to do on a summer night like this. A night when the sky was sweet and velvet-like and strewn with a hundred paper balloons that glinted in the distance like a bevy of moving stars, when everything was lovely and bright and — loud . Why was the world so loud all of a sudden? "Excuse me, are you in line?" he asked, his voice quiet against the backdrop of muffled whistles and generic music blasting painfully outside the grocery store. The girl's eyes flickered up to his in surprise, her thumbnail scratching the label of the wine bottle in her hand as she shook her head. She couldn't be older than eighteen, Edward thought, casting a glance at her from the corner of his eye as he paid for his Absolut. And yet she seemed so blasé while she looked through the spirit shelves that he felt almost younger than her, despite having turned nineteen four days ago, and he couldn't— Couldn't shake off the spreading loneliness that settled into his ribcage. Couldn't help seeing a replica of a ghost when his eyes strayed and caught his reflection in the glass door, pale and ice-like under the store's fluorescent lighting. He needed to talk to someone. Anyone. Finding a place to sit on the stone steps of a vacant building, away from the bulk of the noise and all the plastic hammers and leek flowers, he scavenged through the contents of his backpack until he found his cell phone, realizing quickly that he had four missed calls from his mom. After only a moment of hesitancy, of resenting and relishing all at once the starkness of her name on the luminous screen, Edward called her back, his fingers drumming on the belly of his vodka bottle as he waited for the familiar sound of her voice to filter through the speaker. Elizabeth picked up right after the second ring. " Hey, " she said, tired and groggy, an ocean and some hundred more miles away. " Thought you wouldn't call me tonight after all." "Sorry, I was caught up. Want me to call you later? You sound like you just woke up." " From a nap. Don't worry; I needed to get dinner started anyway. Shouldn't you be in bed, though, young man? It's two o'clock there already, isn't it? " Edward freed a small sigh, stuck between wanting to roll his eyes and curling up like a child beneath her light-hearted berating. "Uh, yeah. But there's a festival going on. I couldn't even get into the hostel now if I wanted." Which I don't, he thought to himself, remembering how a whole crowd had seemed to swarm around him just after the fireworks were over, waiting for the barricades to come down so they could return to the other side of the river. He'd probably have to go through all that a second time if he tried to cross over the bridge again. Besides, he really did want to stay here even if the hollow anticipation in his belly ate away at him in the meantime. " Well, " his mother said hesitantly, her voice dragging with a hint of frail, forced hope as it slipped into his ear, " are you having a good time? " Edward held his breath, wondering. He definitely wasn't meeting the promises of the travel brochures. Maybe he was vaguely feeling Oporto, but he wasn't— He wasn't living Oporto. "Yeah," he lied. Or told the truth. He didn't really know what the honest answer was. "I mean, there's so much to do and everything is so… authentic, I guess. People are really open and helpful and… You know what I mean? I love this place, but I just don't— I'm just not sure I like how it makes me feel." " How does it make you feel?" Like a hazy picture made up of faint pixels, dreamily breezing past, while all around him life pulsed raw and almost coarse through the flesh of half a million partygoers, hundreds of thousands scattered throughout the city as its narrowest streets and widest boulevards overflowed with heat and laughter. "Just… like I'm missing out, I suppose." He heard voices speaking very softly and got flustered thinking that somebody else could be listening to their conversation. " This is all normal, Edward. You're in a completely different country, surrounded by people who act differently than what you're used to. Of course you're bound to feel out of your comfort zone." "Mom," he interrupted, his cheeks growing warmer by the second, "did you put me on speaker phone?" " I did, but it's just Eleazar with me— " A male voice cut her off. " Hey, kid." Edward winced, unsettled by the vague, inexplicable annoyance that pooled in his stomach. Of course he knew it shouldn't have anything to do with his mom's shrink boyfriend. He knew that. And yet he felt that same aggravation palpitating inside him as if it were Eleazar's fault that nothing, nobody, could fill in the gap where his dad had once been. As if it were his fault that his dad had never really been present in the first place. "You know what, Mom? I gotta go. I'll talk to you soon." " Wait, Edward—" "I love you. Bye." Without waiting for her to echo his words, Edward hung up in what he suddenly thought to be a silly attempt to shield himself from Eleazar's Freudian inspection. Meanwhile a group of friends crouched around a paper balloon a short distance from him, their fingers pinching its fragile borders as they waited for the fire inside to lift it into the air. He thought about what his mother had said, about his being afraid to leave his comfort zone, and let himself disagree without restraint. After all, he'd come here all the way from New York to do the exact opposite— to leave his dis comfort zone, where things were foggy and weird and very confusing, and find at last some palpable ground on which he could move around, knowing exactly which ridges he wanted to stumble upon and which trails he wanted to follow and, more importantly, who the hell he was, because— Edward blinked away his daze, his mind led suddenly astray by the sound of yet another plastic hammer falling onto his skull with a distinct squeak, and lifted his head to smile politely at the owner before realizing just how close she was to his face. Indeed, she was so close he could see the valley between her breasts peeking at him from beneath the edge of her top. "I'm sorry to bother you. Are you saving that bottle for something?" Quickly, Edward averted his gaze, feeling a blush color his cheeks as he focused on her large blue eyes instead. "Not really," he said honestly, wondering why in the hell he'd bought it in the first place. He wasn't used to drinking spirits, and besides, alcohol wasn't going to fix anything. "Do you want it?" "Actually, I was wondering if you wanted to join me and my friends and share the bottle. We already have the juice." "Oh…" Here Edward brought his knees up closer to his chest as if that would stop the modest freshness of her perfume from travelling up into his nose and pulling him in, while all at once, he was hit both with the daunting sense that he wouldn't be able to refuse her offer and the rather unsurprising realization that in fact… In fact, he didn't really want to. "I don't think I'm very good company right now." She wasn't deterred— though then again, he hadn't meant to deter her— and was quick to give him a pleading grin that made her already small nose look droll and petite amidst the keen angles of her face. "Come on. You can be good company some time later. For now, we can just drink." Edward smiled and was struck after a moment by the sense that he hadn't done it in a while, that the edges of his lips were piercing his cheeks like this girl's request had pierced into his life, in a way that he found incredibly unpretentious— genuine and simple like most things in Oporto, where people still hung their clothes to dry from the wrought iron railings of their balconies and talked to strangers as if they'd known them all their lives. And then— then she asked what his name was, and he felt his stomach twist and his eyes widen as though he were suddenly waking from a fleeting dream. Settle down. You're just going to sit there and talk for a while. Maybe drink a little. And then you'll leave. "I'm Edward," he said, and hunched his shoulders as an overexcited passerby hammered his head. "And you?" "Tanya." "It's nice to meet you, Tanya. You're from around here?" "No, I'm from Presov, in Slovakia." "That's nice. I'm from Chicago— originally, I mean. I recently moved to New York to study at Juilliard…" "Really? That's interesting…" And it went on like this, an easy give-and-take that was little more than plain chitchat. He told her he was here on vacation. She told him she was here on a student exchange program. He asked her what she was studying. She said she wanted to be a painter. Before he knew it, they'd reached the public square by the rectory building of the local university, where she took his hand to lead him towards the elaborate fountain in the middle and introduce him to her friends. "All right, so this is Heidi. She's from Germany. And then there's Carmen, from Spain, and Stefan, who comes from Romania. And that one over there is Joham. He's from around here." Edward sat with them by the fountain's edge, feeling his nerves coiling quickly into tight springs. Thankfully, one of the girls— Carmen was her name, he remembered— engaged him in a conversation not so different from the one he'd had with Tanya, and slowly the tension in his stomach began to ease, soothed by the simplicity of small talk. It really was pretty much effortless, he realized, finding after a moment that he didn't need to force himself to focus on what she was saying. Everything they shared with the other was followed by a moment of appreciation, a curious brightness covering their eyes like a film, and an artless desire to know more. Everything was nice or interesting in a way that seemed so bare of any insincerity that the two words suddenly gained a new meaning in Edward's head. They decided to go down to the boulevard to see the band that was playing, and he strung along without a second thought. Carmen got caught in another conversation with Stefan about the referendum in Catalonia, and this time it was Edward who initiated a conversation by asking Heidi if she was also there on a student exchange program. She was different from Carmen, he concluded after a while, more inclined to speak solely about herself and her achievements rather than ask any questions in return. But he found that he was okay with that— he was more than okay with that, in fact, because the night lights were casting an amber glow