Title: Life's Double-Edged Sword Summary : For some, they discover, life can be a double-edged sword. Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word count: 5000 "Come on Bella, and don't drop that bag!" Alice screeches giddily, dragging me all the way up the stairs to my apartment. The bag is from Dior, and if I drop it she'll bust my ass for disrespecting one of her favorite brands. The illustrious bag contains the designer dress I'm going to change into for my wedding reception. It is a gorgeous dress, but Alice is a bit more jazzed about it than I am. My apartment's in the center of downtown Phoenix, and Alice loves to come by for shopping trips and drinks. We've been keeping up the same routine since I moved back three years ago with my fiancé James. A lovely tradition I hope continues even after I'm married. In a week, James and I will finally be wed. Hopefully, that will put a smile on his mother's face. She's been nagging us about tying the knot, ever since we moved in here. She wants grandchildren, legitimate grandchildren. Ones who can carry on the esteemed Tanger name. And by the sounds of it, she wants lots of them. My hips groan at the thought of six kids—which is exactly the number James mentioned the other night. Don't get me wrong, I want children. After all, I'm not a preschool teacher for nothing, but I'm not so sure I want to carry and birth six of them myself. That's a daunting thought. I sigh, securing the bag in my hands, and dig through my purse for my keys. As soon as I find them and the deadbolt is undone, the door swings open, and I know something's up. The table I have in the hallway is cleared off and lined with shots glasses and a bottle of Patron—my favorite tequila. As I round the corner to my living room, a big smile spreads across my face as a group of my friends pop out and yell, "Surprise!" "Aw, you guys," I whisper. I'm so touched but also shocked, and dammit, I'm psyched. I look around, taking into account who came. My eyes land on Lauren, Emily, Leah, Maria and Susan, then I can see Jess, Maggie and Liz, who I work with at Sunny Days Preschool. Everyone is here, well except Rose, but she has an excuse. My maid of honor's a hotshot attorney living it up in California. I'm still so happy to see the gals who came, though. "Wow, thank you for this," I say, feeling appreciative for such great friends. This is the perfect surprise. "We wouldn't miss it for the world, Bella!" Lauren responds excitedly as she heads to the stereo and turns on some music. "Jesus, woman! You're gonna be like... married in less than a week. We need to enjoy the single life with you while we still can," Maggie declares, crossing the floor to hug me. Tonight's gonna be fun; exactly what I need to take a break from the wedding stress. I've kind of been ignoring it, if I'm being honest. James has had plans for his bachelor party for months now, but I wasn't going to do anything special. Of course, I assumed Alice and I would get together—drink a few bottles of wine and do manis and pedis. I go around chatting with everyone, while Jess takes it upon herself to become a makeshift bartender, serving up delicious drinks—and getting the party started. "Here, you need a straw for that," she states, and she hands me one. I look down at it and burst out laughing. Shaking my head, I grin at Jess. "These are excellent!" It's a long, thick penis straw. She grins, then continues filling up the empty glasses. "Holy shit! Where did you find this?" Lauren asks, coyly taking a delicate sip from just the tip. "At the party store we went to yesterday. We got all sorts of naughty goodies," Maggie answers, smiling proudly. I have no words, but I know I have the best friends. I take another sip, giving a mini blowjob to my new favorite straw. "Oh, if you think that's good, here, have a necklace!" Emily shouts, pulling something over my head. I look down and start laughing when I see it up close. There are little flesh-colored penises all strung together. In. A. Necklace. "Thanks Em, this dicklace is awesome." "No problem. I knew you'd love them!" And I do. But then, as I turn to head back into the living room, I get more. I don't know how I missed them, but there's a huge bouquet of penis balloons in the corner. I giggle and wonder what the correct term for multiple penisis is. I am an educator, after all. "You'll need this, Bella." Liz helps me put on a bright pink and glittering sash with royal blue lettering and "Bella's Last Fling Before the Ring" is spelled out across my chest. "And this," Alice chimes in, sticking a gaudy pink tiara on my head. Jesus, I look ridiculous, but I know tonight's bound to be memorable—and I love it. "So, James is gone for the whole night?" Alice questions. She looks entirely too curious as she takes a sip of her drink, making her penis straw purple. I nod then smirk, because how can someone not find that visual funny. "Oh yeah, he said he definitely wouldn't be back until at least morning." Alice nods but won't meet my eyes, and I see Lauren and Emily share a look. James is known for having his fun, and they're well aware of how many times he's been out all night with his friends. Just as I'm getting the low down on Susan's new boyfriend, I feel a tap on my shoulder. I whip around to see who it is, and start shrieking. "Hey!" she shouts, wrapping her arms around me. "Well, if it isn't little miss attorney! How the hell are you, Rosie?" I hug her tight. God, I've missed this girl. "I'm great. How are you ?" "Almost married!" I answer with a big smile, showing off my ring. "I know! What the hell were you thinking?!" We both grin, and I take her over to get a drink. "C'mon, you need to catch up." She laughs, grabbing one of Jess's special concoctions. "Fuck, I can't believe you're getting married!" she exclaims, after a moment. "And I can't believe you're really here." "I wouldn't miss this for the world," she says honestly, taking in all the decorations. "I just wish I'd made it in early enough to help. I feel like I'm welching on my maid of honor duties." "What happened to that big case you said you couldn't pull yourself away from until the wedding?" She smirks, proud as hell. "I won it! And then I got this crazy call from Alice, saying someone was having a bachelorette party, and I couldn't miss it. So, I got my ass on a plane." We squeal, then jump up and down for a minute, acting like the silly teenagers we once were. "Thank God you finally made it, Rose!" Alice shrieks, handing us both a couple shots. I look down at them; briefly considering what the next day will be like, then I say fuck it and down them like a champ. Rose does too. "It's like we've never been apart," I say, feeling the fiery burn sear down my throat. "Damn right, three musketeers all the way!" Alice cheers. "Welcome to the party, Hale!" Lauren claps Rose's shoulder. "Guys, you have to try these! They're delish!" Jess brings out a tray of creamy white shots topped with whipped cream. I smile and grab one. "What are these?" " Cum Shots !" Jess exclaims. I roll my eyes, but smile at her enthusiasm. "You first Bella, since you'll be taking the same 'cum shot' for the rest of your life," Rose cackles. I shrug and do as instructed, and a cold fire flows over my tongue. Sweet, creamy and savory at the same time. Yeah...much better than the real thing. The girls all start whooping and hollering as I set down the glass and wipe my mouth with the back of my hand. A satisfied smile comes over me. "Good?" Jess asks. I nod. "Fucking delicious." "Told ya!" "Come on girls, let's party!" Marie cranks up the stereo. "But wait, there's more penis goodness!" Liz drags me back into the kitchen. There, on the table, waiting to be cut is an enormous penis-shaped cake. "Holy Hell... Is that a cock cake?" I nearly spit out my drink. She nods, handing me the cake carver. It too is shaped like a penis; well, the handle is at least. I giggle as I purposely fondle the handle for a moment before finally cutting into the cock-shaped concoction. "Who wants a slice of this tasty looking dick?" I ask, laughing a little harder, and begin passing out portions. "Holy shit!" I pull my fork away from my mouth. "Now that's some scrumptious cock. Not like real life at all." Everyone looks at me, then bursts out laughing. It's all butter and vanilla, sugar and deliciousness. "Thank you, thank you!" Alice comments with a grin, taking a little bow. "You guys should know I would never serve you a cock that didn't taste good." When we're finished with the cake, I notice Alice laughing about something on her phone. "What's so funny, Ali?" I lick my lips, because they're kind of numb. "Well, actually...we're going to have a visitor in a few minutes." "What?" All the other girls start cackling and whooping. "Who—?" I start to ask, but I'm interrupted by pounding on the door. "I'll get it!" Alice jumps up and runs to answer it. *S* I can hear a smooth, sultry voice and Alice's giggles from the entryway. And I'm not sure why, but my mouth gets dry as the desert and my heart begins to thump wildly. "Girls, let's get the curtains, shall we?" Lauren suggests. I watch as they run to close all the curtains and blinds, leaving my normally exposed apartment completely closed off from prying eyes. It's a good thing too, because a divine man dressed in a tight, blue shirt and black, skin-tight, leather pants walks around the corner. The outfit paired with a cowboy hat and boots ruins my panties instantly—and that's before anything even happens. I suspected they could be up to something like this, because Lauren was mentioning how it just wouldn't be a true bachelorette unless she got to put some singles in someone's well-packaged thong. And this guy looks like he's gonna fit that bill perfectly. His soft, blue-green eyes, strong jaw and mess of hair are enough to make me take notice, but all that and his killer body, Jesus Christ—no words. That's until he smiles at me. A broad grin that wrinkles his scruffy face and makes his eyes light up with mischief. And all I can think to say under my breath is, "Wow." "You must be the lucky lady getting married in a week," he speaks smoothly, making my knees weak. "I'm Teddy. And you can cuddle me any time you like tonight, sweetheart." I don't have a problem with that , I think, because he's hot-as-hell, so I put on a smile and nod. He smirks, letting his eyes roam over me. Pulling me in close to him, he whispers, "I'm going to have fun with you, Bella ." Then, I watch as he strides across the room, turning on the stereo that sits beneath my television. As his music starts, he turns with a bigger smirk on his face, and Elvis Presley's "Teddy Bear" blares out of the speakers. I laugh, shaking my head as the volume gets a bit louder, and my hand has yet another shot