Title: God Has a Plan for Us…And So Does Alice Summary: 30-year-old Bella experiences the final straw in trying to navigate the dating world. She's had it, especially when faced with the marital bliss of her best friend Alice. But Alice thinks she has the perfect solution: Edward … her uncle … the pastor. Will Bella take a leap of faith and agree to meet him? Is Alice right that he's her perfect match? God has a plan for each of us. It's our job to try and figure it out. Pairing: Bella and Edward Rating: T Word Count: 4,941 Bella rushed home from work, quickly changing into casual clothes and packing a bag for her weekend away. She was looking forward to visiting her best friend, Alice, and Alice's husband, Jasper, at their home just outside of the city. Bella loved visiting them. Not only was their home beautiful thanks to Alice's keen decorator's eye, but it exuded warmth and love because of the wonderful people they were. It was peaceful there, and Bella couldn't help the grin that spread across her face as she pulled into their driveway 45 minutes later. With her bag slung over her shoulder, Bella climbed the steps of their back porch, knocked on the door and let herself in. "Hello Whitlocks," she called, entering the kitchen and putting her bag down. Alice came out of the pantry, her arms loaded with vegetables. "Hi Sweetie," she smiled, putting the food on the table and embracing Bella. "I'm so glad you could get away for the weekend." "Are you kidding? Where else would I be? Are these all from your garden?" "No, we decided not to put in a garden this year. What do you say we make some foil packets and put everything on the grill tonight? It makes for easy clean-up," Alice pointed out. "That's my wife – always streamlining," joked Jasper as he entered the kitchen and gave Alice a kiss on the cheek. "Hi Bella, darlin'. It's great to see you," he said, moving to give her a welcoming hug. "I'll run your bag up to the guest room and then get the grill fired up." "Thanks Jasper," Bella replied. Alice watched him leave the room with a lovesick smile on her face. "Isn't he the best?" she said. "Honestly!" Bella teased, "You'd think you two just met instead of being together for over a decade! You are so sappy!" "I know, isn't it great?" Alice gushed as she started chopping vegetables. "Yes, actually it is. I hope to be madly in love for a least a decade before the sappy runs out!" laughed Bella. "Oh, I brought wine. It's your favorite kind," she sang, pulling the bottle out of its bag. She set it on the counter and reached for wine glasses from the cupboard. "Thanks, Bella, but I'm nursing a glass of lemonade right now. Go ahead and pour some for you and Jasper though." Bella paused mid-reach and slowly turned back to look at Alice. "Mary Alice Brandon Whitlock!" Bella said in an ominous tone just as Jasper returned to the kitchen. "Uh-oh, Wife, she just quadruple-name you! What'd you do?" he teased as he wrapped his arms around Alice from behind. "I've no idea," Alice said. "I'm standing here innocently preparing dinner and she pulls out the full-name treatment." She stuck her tongue out at Bella then turned her attention back to the cutting board. "Allie," Bella said softly. Alice turned to face Bella. She raised an eyebrow in inquiry while Jasper dipped his head to drop an affectionate kiss on her neck before turning his gaze to Bella. Bella took in the scene of domestic tranquility and gasped in delight. "Oh my gosh – YOU'RE PREGNANT!" she exclaimed. Alice and Jasper's faces lit up with matching radiant smiles while Alice nodded her head in reply. "I can't believe you! I didn't think I was such a lush that refusing one drink should give us away but maybe I need to reconsider," Alice teased. Bella barely heard as she did her best to stretch her arms around both of her friends for a giant hug. "Oh, I'm so happy for you both, I can't even tell you! I didn't know you were trying! How far along are you? Are you going to find out if it's a boy or a girl? Wait, when are you able to do that? Do have an ultrasound picture I can see?" Bella's questions tumbled out one after another. "Whoa, slow down there darlin'," Jasper chuckled. "One question at a time, right?" "Killjoy," Bella replied, kissing his cheek. "Congratulations, stud." "Yep, that's me, virile and manly," Jasper replied with a wink. "And you, Little Mama," Bella said, pulling Alice into a tight hug, "I've got so much happy for you! You're going to have a baby!" "I know, right!" Alice gushed. "We've been so excited but we didn't want to jinx anything by telling people too early. You're the first person we've told." Bella's smile dropped. "Wait, your folks don't know? Oh, man, don't tell Esme that I knew first, she'd kill me!" "Are you kidding? She'd disown us if she found out someone else knew first. She will not be hearing it from our lips," Jasper said. "Come on, let's get dinner on the grill and we'll spill all the beans." As they finished preparing the meal, Alice and Jasper shared all their pregnancy news. She was 13 weeks along and they showed Bella the picture from their first ultrasound done two weeks earlier. They explained that they wouldn't be able to find out the sex of the baby until Alice was about five months pregnant. Then they explained that they weren't trying to get pregnant, but they also were "not, not trying" to get pregnant either. Conversation flowed through dinner and afterwards they all changed into bathing suits and went back onto the deck. Bella and Jasper slipped into the hot tub, while Alice sat on the edge next to Jasper, her feet dangling in the water. "I don't mind making the sacrifice, but I will miss soaking in the hot tub at night," Alice said. "Hmmm, maybe we should put in a pool," Jasper mused. "Nah, I'm just thinking out loud," she replied. "Besides," Bella piped in, "for a lush like Alice it's giving up the booze that will be the real challenge." "Very funny," Alice responded, kicking her feet and sending waves of water toward Bella. "Uncle, uncle! I'm just teasing. Actually, I say that we make a date for a few weeks after the arrival of Baby Whitlock. Whenever you are feeling up to it, we will have a full day of pampering - manis, pedis, whatever you want - ending with a nice soak right here in the hot tub. We'll let Daddy here have baby duty for the day," Bella said. Alice and Jasper both just stared at her. "What?" she said. "No more alcohol for you tonight, Bella. You never volunteer for a spa day," Alice said. "Oh, well, that was before you were going to have my 'niece' or 'nephew'," she replied. "Now you can have anything you want." "Well I want another beer," interjected Jasper. "Bella would you like one? "That would be great. Thanks Jasper." "How about you Allie? Can I get you more water or some juice?" "No, I'm good for now, thanks Jazz." Alice openly gawked at Jasper as he climbed out of the hot tub, grabbing a towel on his way into the house. "Man, you're totally horny right now aren't you?" Bella commented wryly. "Oh my gosh, Bella! I had morning sickness for like a month but ever since then I want to jump him all the time," Alice said in an excited whisper. "Ooo, Mr. Whitlock is a happy man these days," Bella laughed. "Yeah, well so is Mrs. Whitlock," Alice said with a giggle. "Okay, so I've got a question for you Mrs. Happy McSappy." "Shoot." "You and Jasper are both well-established here. I mean you've got family and you know a lot of people." Bella's voice drifted off. "What are you getting at?" "Well, it's just that you two are so happy and I'm … well I'm lonely, Alice. Don't you know anyone decent you can introduce me to?" "Well, there is someone that I always thought would be perfect for you." "What do you mean 'always thought'? Why am I just hearing about this mystery man now?" "Actually," Alice paused and took a deep breath. "It's my uncle. Uncle Edward," she rushed out. Bella stared at her for a long moment. She'd heard family stories about Alice's Uncle Edward but had never met him. "Your uncle?" she said flatly. "Yes." "As in, your father's brother?" "Yes." "THE PASTOR?" Bella was dumbfounded. "Yes. Listen, Bella, he's a great guy and I think you two would be perfect for each other." "Well, thanks for that. I think." Bella tried to wrap her mind around the idea of dating Alice's uncle but she just couldn't see it. "Don't you know anyone else?" she pleaded. "No one that I think is good enough for you and as perfect as Uncle Edward." "I'm back ladies!" Jasper proclaimed as he came out of the house. "Quit talking about how sexy I am or y'all will make me blush!" Alice giggled and Bella just rolled her eyes. "Here's your beer, Bella. And for you, mother of my soon-to-be-first-born, a mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwich," he presented his items with a flourish. "Better not let my husband find out that you're courting me with decadent sweets," Alice said as she quickly unwrapped the treat and took a bite. "Mmmm, so good," she moaned. "He won't hear a word of it from me," Jasper said, sinking into the tub and raising his beer bottle to Bella. "Cheers, darlin'. We're glad you're here this weekend and that we got to share our news with you." They enjoyed one another's company until Bella proclaimed herself water-logged and went to bed. Alice and Bella spent the rest of the weekend talking, taking in some sun on the back porch and cooking, while Jasper worked on an article he was writing for publication. Sunday afternoon Bella was on her way back to her apartment in the city feeling happy for her friends, but with some nagging disappointment in the back of her mind since the prospect of her finding similar happiness seemed as remote as ever. Four months later "Hi Bella!" Alice said cheerfully as she answered her phone. "Aargh," Bella said by way of greeting. "Bella, what's wrong?" "Nothing. Nothing really." "What are you talking about?" "I went to church this morning." "Okay," Alice paused. "That's a good thing, isn't it?" "Yea. I've just been doing a lot of self-reflection lately, especially in regard to relationships." "Ah." "You remember Tyler?" "He was the really nice guy who turned out to be living in his parent's basement, right?" "That's the one. His mother still did his laundry." "Right. Thanks for giving him my phone number and saying it was yours, by the way." "And then there was asshole …" Alice cut her off before she could go on. "Do not mention he-who-must-not-be-named. Any guy who goes around dating, claiming he's not married when he actually is, doesn't get the privilege of having a name." "Right, well Liar McLoser then." "Oh, that's a good one. What about him?" "And then the creepy guy from the online dating site who used an ancient profile picture and tried to get me to pay for his drink?" "Yes, Bella, I remember. I remember all the horrible dating experiences you've had, and you didn't deserve any of them. What is this about?" "I don't know if it's a question of deserving, actually," Bella replied. "What do you mean?" "Well, I talked to my mom a while ago and she encouraged