Title: Glimmer in the Sand Summary: While his fiancé is out with friends, Edward gets an unexpected visitor who is anxious to return something precious to its rightful owner. Entry for Meet the Mate. ~Inspired by a Real-Life Lost-and-Found.~ Pairing: Bella & Edward Rating: T Word count: 4891 Coming home to an empty house never seemed to get easier. When I asked Tanya to marry me, I thought it would be the end of nights filled with nothing but loneliness and quiet. When we first dated, we were constantly going places – to clubs, fabulous restaurants, concerts, even gallery openings and other cultural events, assuming there was an open bar. I was ecstatic to be out with this beautiful woman on my arm. It didn't matter that we had to shout over the thumping base or that we were constantly interrupted by the stream of acquaintances–I knew she was everything I had ever wanted in a woman. Tanya was gorgeous and cultured. She was the kind of woman others flocked to no matter where we were. She made everyone laugh. I knew her outgoing personality would balance my introverted nature. It was contagious to be in the raucous crowd that circled her, even when I didn't personally get the joke. I expected that sooner or later we would settle into a the quiet life I had always envisioned. I didn't think it was too much to ask that we would be able to spend time together; in the same room, without getting naked, texting, or planning another outing. I stifled a sigh as I dropped the mail on our unused, dining room table. When I realized she wasn't home I texted to ask where she was. The soft sounds of paper on wood and fingers on keys seemed to echo through our cavernous, open floor plan condo. It continued down the hall of gleaming hardwood floors, bounced off the blank, cream-colored walls, into the unused, spotless kitchen filled with cold, stainless steel appliances and imported tile. Hoping Tanya was on her way, I sat down with the stack of bills and junk mail as my only companions. Two larger envelopes stuck out from the pile. Just as I was examining the return addresses to determine if they were worth opening, my cell phone buzzed with Tanya's reply . Shopping with Kate. Order yourself dinner, okay? I groaned a little, and a petulant bubble that may or may not have been hunger replied from the pit of my stomach. I dialed the pizza delivery number I knew from memory and tried not to take out my frustration on the innocent cashier when she chuckled at my familiar order. With nothing to do but wait for my greasy dinner, I tore open the first envelope. It contained a claim summary and sizable check from my insurance company. This did nothing to improve my mood. I'd gladly pay double to get back what they were compensating me for. I pushed the check away, half-hoping it would fall behind the counter so I could pretend it hadn't arrived. The second envelope was thicker and padded. I carried it with me to the fridge, pulling out a tall bottle of liquid courage, before taking out the stack of glossy prints Tanya had ordered from our 'pre-wedding honeymoon.' It had seemed like a great idea – a chance to get away and relax with each other before the stress of planning our wedding. Nevertheless, I couldn't help feeling like maybe our defying convention had something to do with our tragic luck. I closed my eyes, remembering the moment I had slipped the diamond ring onto Tanya's manicured finger. It was old fashioned, comprised of a dozen smaller stones rather than the solitaire rock favored by women today. It had been my great-grandmother's and had been worn by my grandmother and mother as well. She had squealed with delight and thrown her arms around me. However, it had only been a few days later when she had asked whether her wedding ring could be a little more modern and also have a larger diamond. I guess she hadn't really liked the ring as much as the idea of getting married. Which was how it should be, I reminded myself. I began flipping through the pictures of our vacation. I wished we had taken one shot in the traditional pose with her hand on display. We could have sent that to the insurance company instead of a photograph of my mother wearing the ring. It was odd; Tanya's hand was hidden for almost all of the shots before our snorkeling trip. But her bare fingers were prominent and visible in the later pictures, taunting me with what had been lost. I was staring at a picture taken on the boat, probably minutes after we had gotten out of the water. Tanya had swum over to me, frantically explaining that the ring had slipped off, probably because her finger had shrunk in the cold water. All of the other people on the tour, including our guide had helped us search the sandy bottom. But what were the odds of finding a tiny ring in the vast ocean? Finally, we had to head back to shore. I wrapped my arms around Tanya, pulling her chilled body close to mine and breathing in the salty warmth of her neck, praying for a miracle. "I'm so sorry, baby," she said to me. "I'll pay the deductible on the insurance myself if you want." It had been such an odd thing to say. I hadn't been able to answer. Even now, I couldn't figure out what would have made her think about the insurance. I was interrupted from my brooding by the doorbell. As I grabbed my wallet, I glanced over the image of a smiling Tanya in her bikini, while I sulked next to her I took another healthy swig of my beer before heading down the hall. I had my head down, pulling a few twenties out of my wallet as I opened the door. I still had not looked up as I extended my arm, expecting the cash to be unceremoniously pocketed in exchange for the box of carbs and cheese. A breathless voice that was most certainly not my regular pizza boy asked, "Are you Edward Cullen?" I looked up, arm still extended, and my jaw dropped. Before me was a beautiful young woman with a heart-shaped face and warm chocolate eyes. Her brown hair fell past her shoulders in wild tangled waves. She was wearing jeans and a faded t-shirt with an outline of a boat across her chest. I quickly pulled my eyes away from her admittedly fantastic breasts before I could make out any detail or the words above the image. However, they were soon locked on her pink lips that were curved into a shy smile. As the silence grew longer, her bottom lip was drawn into her mouth and I watched fascinated as perfect white teeth sunk into the luscious flesh. A breeze blew in from behind the woman, carrying with it a heady scent of sweet strawberries mixed with briny saltwater. Before I could stop the thought from forming, I wondered if her mouth would taste as delicious as she smelled. The woman cocked her head to the side and spoke again, the question more pronounced in her tone despite her words now forming a statement. "I'm looking for Edward and Tanya Cullen." I shook my head to break my trance, and nervously stuffed the cash I was still holding back inside my wallet. "I'm Edward Cullen," I said. "Are you a friend of Tanya's?" She shook her head, making her lovely tresses fall over her shoulders, which once again drew my gaze toward her sensuous curves. As the silence grew, so did the mystery woman's smile. She seemed ecstatic just to look at me, and though the feeling was mutual, it didn't make sense for us to stand here staring at each other. Yet, she didn't offer any other information. "I'm confused," I said honestly. My words seemed to break some kind of spell the woman was under as she shook her head again, this time as if expressing an internal thought rather than answering my question. "We've never met," she explained. "But I have something that belongs to your wife." With these words, she presented a small box and lifted the top, revealing my mother's ring. In a moment that could have been orchestrated by a romantic, period piece cinematographer, the warm glow of the sunset reflected over the antique gold and delicately arranged diamonds making them appear to glisten. As beautiful and welcome a sight as this was, I was distracted by the delighted gleam in her chocolate brown eyes. "My fiancé," I corrected, "My fiancé's ring" I added, this time correcting myself for still thinking of it as belonging to my mother. "Oh," the woman said her smile fading the tiniest amount. A crease formed between her brows as her face scrunched in confusion. "I thought the date in the engraving was your wedding day." I shook my head, trying to put in order the dozens of questions I had. I realized that we could have been standing in the doorway for hours if I tried to make sense of this without inviting the stranger inside. "Would you like to come in?" I asked. She looked over her shoulder at a steel monstrosity parked at the curb, loaded with mismatched furniture and boxes. For a moment, I wondered if she was some kind of angel that traveled from place to place returning lost objects. Surely, any messenger of a higher power would have transportation that didn't appear to be held together with rust and paperclips. "Tanya will be home soon," I said, grasping at any idea to make her stay. She turned back to me, smiling radiantly. "I'm Bella Swan," she said, placing the ring box in my hand. As my fingers curled around the box, I remembered some of my manners. "It's very nice to meet you, Bella," I said. I quickly shifted the ring to my other hand and offered my right toward her to shake. I swallowed before releasing her hand and stepping away to encourage her to come inside. Bella stepped into the front foyer and glanced around curiously. Something like disappointment crossed her face, but she quickly fixed her expression into a polite smile. "I'm sorry for taking you by surprise. I probably should have just put that in the mail, but when I found out where you lived, it seemed like fate. You see, I was coming to the University of Chicago to begin my Masters this week so it all fell into place." I couldn't help but laugh at her apology. "You did take me by surprise," I admitted, "but I can hardly imagine a better one. You have no idea what this ring means. I thought it was lost forever." "It's beautiful," Bella said her tone sincere. "And so unique. That's why I knew I had to make sure it was returned to the woman who lost it." "How did you know?" I asked. Bella opened her mouth to speak but was interrupted by the doorbell. "That's probably the pizza I was expecting," I explained, turning back toward the door. "I'm so sorry Bella; I invited you in and then rudely bombarded you with questions without allowing you to sit down or offering you anything. Would you like to come back to the kitchen? You look like you're ready for a good meal, and I just ordered an extra-large of Chicago's best." Bella bit her lip again. It was an extremely distracting habit. "I guess I am a little hungry. I was so excited; I hadn't actually been paying attention to the time." I smiled at her, inordinately pleased that she had agreed to stay and allow me to feed her.