Title: Carnal Creatures Summary: Men are logical, virtuous, and honourable, having been blessed by God to be the superior sex. Women, on the other hand, are carnal creatures, and not to be trusted. –Anonymous. Victorian era AU. Rated for sex and content. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 4,710 Carnal Creatures Act I The new house needs a lot of cleaning. It is a cozy little one-roomed hut, and it reminds Bella of her family's old farmhouse. The wooden beams are high and the floor is hard stone. She likes the sound of the pot bubbling over the fireplace, and how nice and toasty the hut gets as her soup cooks. There isn't a proper stove, or proper chairs, but James found an old but sturdy crate by the road earlier and hammered some planks onto the back as a makeshift bench, and he found a little wooden stool for her. It is good enough for now. They've only arrived yesterday. In fact, she hasn't even put curtains up on the windows yet. The big window faces east, out of which she can see a lone figure trampling down the winding dirt road that leads up to the school. That must be James, coming back from his meeting with Mr. Jefferson. Mr. Jefferson is the dean of Forks Preparatory School. He used to know James's father, and was doing his old friend a favor by taking James in as the school's new groundskeeper. Forks is a boys' school for the somewhat well-to-do. Most of the boys here are military brats, and have a hard time doing their proper readings, or learning their letters. Old Lord Forks built the school in the middle of the moors because he thought the boys could do without distractions around. But the boys found their own distraction. Bella saw two lanky kids bounding away from the hut when she went out back earlier to weed the garden. She heard from James earlier that the boys like to sneak off to La Push nearby. La Push is two streets of cutesy villas with pointed roofs, a smattering of family-owned businesses and a pub. That's enough to entice the boys of Forks to cross the moors in the dead of the night. Thing is, the moors are dangerously dark at night. The only way to La Push is to follow the dirt road – the one that passes right by the hut. Mr. Jefferson calls James a groundskeeper, but he's more of a gatekeeper than anything else. James is a brute. Bella's father owed him too many bags of coins to count, so at the tender age of fifteen, Bella was pawned off to square the debt. She remembers being washed and powdered from her forehead down to her ankles, and led into a rickety carriage. Her mother waved her goodbye, and she waved back hesitantly, wondering if she would be back in time for supper. She never saw her father's farm again. James was working in a factory in Milltown back then, and she was sent to live in his cramped, dirty apartment. She cried herself to sleep almost every night for the first month. James is a bear of a man twice Bella's age. He had hair everywhere except for his head. Bella calls him "sir" and he calls her whatever he likes. He used to work half the day, drinks away the other half, and is always foul. Four years she spent in that little apartment, until the town butcher went and complained to the factory foreman that James had slept with his wife. The butcher was an important man in the town, because he was the only butcher. If anyone wanted meat for dinner, they had better tread lightly around him. But not James. Just last week Tuesday, Bella was marched into the town square, sandwiched between two solemn-faced men. There was a crowd circled around the grim-faced foreman and the hulking frame of her husband. The foreman told James he had done wrong, and he needed to pay the penance. James wasn't having it. Bella didn't catch most of what the men were saying, they were shouting over each other. The butcher had one pudgy finger pointed straight at James's nose and another at Bella as she was pushed to the front of the crowd. "How'd you like me fucking your wife?" he shouted, a string of saliva dribbling down his fat lips. "You can fuck her right now!" James shouted back. Bella had never felt more humiliated in her life, as the men hooted and jostled her. "Do it!" someone roared. "C'mere Mrs. James!" someone else yelled. "Stop this!" the foreman screeched over them all. "For shame! We have laws. We have rules. We have a pastor just up the street, don't nobody touch her!" The men quieted down and the foreman stood in the middle of the milling crowd. "James, you will leave Milltown. You will take your sorry wife with you, and you better not come back." And that was how Bella was packed onto another rickety carriage, and left her home a second time. The front door swings open, and the metal bolts strain against the heavy wood. Bella is pulled out of her reverie as James stomps his feet on the threshold, dislodging the mud from the bottom of his boots. Bella watches as he strides in, sniffing. "No food?" Bella motions towards fireplace. "The soup is almost ready." She turns her back to him, and goes back to digging through their only trunk, looking for something to cover the windows for tonight. The moors are empty, mostly, but for decency's sake, it's better to have some curtains than none. Bella finds her old apron and holds it up in her hands. It won't cover the whole window, but until she can get to La Push and pick out some fabric, this is the only thing she can spare. With James spending almost all his money on his drinks, Bella's allowance is pitiful, and she only has two dresses to wear. "Take the soup off the fire. Jefferson wants us to go up to the school for supper," James rumbles behind her, "says he wants to introduce the new staffs. That'll be us." Bella takes off her shoes and stands on the bed to pin the curtains up. "Well, that's you, sir. I don't think I'm a staff." "You're going," James says, and that is the final word. Bella bites her tongue and reaches down for the pins she left earlier on the windowsill. She can already imagine the teachers and masters in their nicest frocks, and best dinner jackets, sitting across the table from James in his hairy wools, and Bella in her old, grey smock. Maybe she will pretend to have a stomach ache, or fall into a faint, and James will let her stay home. She doesn't notice that James has come up behind her until he put his hands on her hips. She freezes. "You grew fat since the baby," James says. Bella was pregnant within the first year of their marriage, but lost the baby a few weeks in. She had felt sorry for the child, but was relieved that it didn't come. She wouldn't have known what to do with a baby, and was frightened by all the blood that came out of her when it had gone. "Yes, sir," Bella replies lightly, "I think I did." "Your arms used to be sticks," James says, tugging at the lacing on the back of her dress. Bella stands frigid, apprehending. "Looked like a snowman, you did, with those tits of yours," James snickers, "But you're grown into them." He loosens the strings and pulls her dress down her shoulders. It's warm in the hut, but Bella has goosebumps and her hair is standing on its end. James pulls her into him, and she sits on the bed, arms at her side, as James reaches to cup her breasts in his bear-like palms. He lowers his lips to her neck, his bristly, unshaved chin ticking her shoulder. "You got a woman's body now," James breathes. "What are you this year? Nineteen?" "Yes, sir," Bella replies stiffly. Her dress is pooled at her waist and James is twisting her nipples. Bella stares at the apron curtain that has fallen over her feet, unmoving. "You could prop these up," James says, rough finger tips digging into her soft skin, "a young girl like you. Don't have to dress like an old woman." Even in her ugly smocks, Bella used to draw unwanted attention in Milltown. The factory men saw her as a woman before James ever did. They've hollered at her, stepped on her hem as she passed them, and the braver ones even ran up and put their hands on her. Then there was that one time outside the apartment, where one of the young men cornered her. Bella closes her eyes. She can hear James rustling about, untying his trousers. "Won't we be late for the supper?" Bella says, quickly. James grabs her shoulder and spins her around. He presses his bulge against her arm. "What are you going to do about this then?" His voice is rough, and Bella knows that tone all too well. Bella reaches up and pulls open the front of his britches. She takes his engorged member in her hands and does what she knows. Sliding her palms over the glistening head, fingers entangled in the thick black hair around the base of his member. "What's a wife for," James grumbles as she works her hands, "if you can't stick them where you should?" She finishes him quickly, and he sprays his seed between her bare breasts. "Wear the other dress," James says. Bella dresses quickly. As she pulls off her grey smock, she sees white drips of James on the collar. He wouldn't let her wipe it off. "Just don't wear it," he tells her impatiently, "'s not that cold. Just put that damn dress on, woman." Bella begrudging tugs on her soft, cotton dress. It's so faded that the yellow looks more like cream. She laces up her walking boots and steps outside, waiting for James by the door, shivering a little as the wind breezes past. It's darker now, looks like seven in the evening Out of the corner of her eye she sees some movement. Bella turns in time to see dark shapes disappearing into the foliage south of her garden. Bella wraps her arms around her chest and looks towards the east window of the hut. The room is well lit from the inside, from here she can almost seen the spoon she left on the kitchen table. Bella stares into the foliage, sudden unease coiling in the pit of her abdomen. Up through the thicket that mapped the border of the school grounds and around the garden of wildflowers, Bella and James are led up the side of the school. It is tall and built like a fortress. When the sun is up, Forks's towers could cast a shadow hundreds of feet long, but now, the shadow of the evening has descended over the whole of the grounds. Bella and James enter through the servants' entrance. James spares a moment to huff about that, then they are swept up a grand circular staircase, and into Mr. Jefferson's office. He calls it an office, but to Bella it is closer to an apartment. It is a grand suite filled with bookshelves teetering with dusty tomes. There are three rooms set aside for his living, a bedroom, a sitting room, and the dining room, in which the other dinner guests have already gathered. There is a long oaken table set with tall red candles on gleaming stands, and silk cushions set upon the chairs. The wine glasses are filled, the bread basket is half empty, and engaged chatter filled the room, only lulling as