Title: It's Kind of a Funny Story Summary: Bella goes through multiple bad relationships before realizing the right one is right in front of her. Southernella. Countryward. Pairing: Bella & Edward Rating: M Word count: 4992 Spring 2003. Seth's 10th birthday party. Chuck E Cheese. 13 year old Bella Swan was busy arranging decorations for her stepbrothers party, when she heard the voice of her longtime friend and crush Ben. "Hey Bella." Ben said. Bella looked up, he had two other boys with him. "This is Eddie and Gary, they just moved into the neighborhood. Boys, this is Seth's sister Bella." Bella said a quick hello. "Seth is somewhere playing games." she told them. Eddie and Gary went to find Seth as Ben stayed behind. "How about I help you?" Ben asked. Bella smiled and muttered a nervous 'okay'. Summer 2003. Small town of the outskirts of Charleston. Bella splashed through the pool with her best friend Alice. It was another hot summer day in South Carolina and she loved spending it in the Brandon's pool. "Ben totally likes you." Alice said. The girls had worked up an appetite so they retreated inside for some Tostino's Pizza Rolls. "I hope so. Those new boys on the next block are so annoying. Just the other day Ben and I were trying to watch a movie-" "What movie?" Alice interrupted, popping a pizza roll in her mouth as she took the plate out the microwave. "Spider Man," Bella said quickly before continuing as they sat down at the table. "Dad and Sue weren't home. Anyways Eddie and Gary came over and Ben went off with them." Bella groaned, grabbing a pizza roll. Alice shrugged. "Eddie's not too bad. Sure he has kind of a lisp, but not his fault." "Oh no, that's not his fault," Bella agreed. "He's just so annoying. He's always taking Ben away." Alice laughed. The Swan House. 2003. Summer. "Bell, Charlie's at the station and mom got called into the hospital so we're ordering pizza." Leah said, before heading up the stairs. "Okay." Bella called after her older by nearly 2 years stepsister. Bella sat on the couch twirling her T-Mobile sidekick. Ben was next to her. "When will Seth be back from camp?" Ben asked, moving closer. "Next week." Bella said nonchalantly as she played with the fray on her cutoffs. Ben nodded as he put his arm around her. "Bella, we've known each other for years and..." he was interrupted by the doorbell. He let out a breath. "I'll let you get that, I'm gonna go get a drink." he said before getting up and heading towards the kitchen. Bella groaned loudly, getting up. Everytime, everytime , Bella thought internally. She opened the door. It was Eddie. "Is Ben here?" asked Eddie. "He is..." Bella started. "Can you ask him if he wants to stay at my house tonight?" Eddie asked. "I'll be over there in a couple hours," said Ben as he came up behind Bella, with some kind of drink concoction. "Okay," Eddie lisped before leaving. "What is that?" Bella asked as she shut the door. "Bacardi and punch." Ben smiled. "Do not get caught with that! Do you know who my Dad is?" Bella worried. "I know. It will be okay," Ben said. "But, before I drink this, there's something I wanna do." Bella looked at him expectantly and before she could think his lips were on hers. At last , Bella thought. Fall 2012. Charleston. "So whats the deal with Mike?" Bella's friend Rosalie asked. It was a Friday night, they sat at their normal bar, waiting on their other friends to arrive. Bella shrugged as her long brown hair moved on her shoulder. "Do you love him?" Rose asked. "Rose..I mean, yes, I do. But he told me he loved me after a WEEK. I need to make sure of some things first." Bella's phone dinged with a text. She picked it up, reading. Her face smiled as she typed back. "Is that Mike?" Rose asked. "No," Bella said. "It's this other guy I met online. Edward. He wants to see me. And I can't." "Why the hell not? You haven't committed to Mike yet." Rose asked. "Because I like him too much. Hes so sweet, and he's a country boy, a good looking one. There's no way he'd ever want me." . "Bella..." Rose began. "Rose, please. Don't," Bella pleaded. Rosalie could see Bella was desperately asking her to leave this alone. "I won't..for now." Rose agreed. "Now onto the situation of Mike, how serious is he?" "He wants to marry me." "Are we talking about Mike?" asked Leah who had just appeared with her best friend Emily. "Yes," Rosalie said. "Total mommas' boy," Leah quipped. "He lives with her." "Just for now," Bella said sheepishly. "I'm here! Sorry! Sorry!" Alice said. "26 was a nightmare." "Thank God, now we can get a table, I'm starving!" Rose said. The girls were seated, ordered a round of drinks and just about every appetizer to share. They went around the table, talking. Emily was soon to marry Sam. Leah was off and on with her high school boyfriend Jake. Alice had a serious boyfriend named Jared. Rosalie was not doing relationships at the moment. Alice had already known the situation with Mike as she, Bella and Rose were roommates. Alice was not a fan of Mike. Fall 2012. Bella, Alice and Rosalie's condo. Bella and Mike were curled up together on the couch watching a movie. In the recent weeks, they had become official. They had been to fairs, dates and more together. "Do you think I can move in?" Mike asked. "My Mom's kind of upset about me getting married and I need to let her cool off." "You told her?" Bella asked with a smile, kind of shocked. "She saw me looking at rings at the mall yesterday when I went with her to buy my grandma a birthday gift. She's having trouble letting go. I'm her youngest son after all," Mike said. "Rose and Alice will be okay with it right? Jared lives here." "Yeah, they'll be fine with it," Bella decided. "Great!" Mike said as he kissed her. The next day, Jared helped Mike get his stuff. He mostly just brought clothes and basics as Bella had furniture. Alice couldn't hurt her by saying no. They had allowed her to move Jared in. "This is what you want?" Alice asked Bella. "Yes," Bella said. "I know you don't like him, right now, but maybe now with him moving in, you'll see what I love about him." November 2012. Bella, Rose and Alice's condo. "How the hell does he like football when he doesn't know what pass interference is? He's never heard the word!" Jared asked Bella in the kitchen as he got a beer. Bella was busy cutting up chicken for that nights dinner, while Rosalie was washing dishes. Mike, Jared and Alice were in the living room watching Clemson play Alabama. It had been 2 and a half weeks since Mike moved in. Mike was getting on Jared's nerves. Actually, he was getting on all their nerves. "He said he's a Carolina fan." Bella said. Bella shrugged as Jared muttered a 'yeah right' with a laugh as he left the room. Bella stopped chopping as she turned to Rosalie."Football is football. But he is showing things that I didn't know. He's more Gamer than I knew about. Sam asked him to go hunting and he'd rather play video games." Bella confessed. Rosalie looked at Bella in horror. "Good god, hes one of THOSE." Rosalie scrunched up her face while saying 'those'. Bella and Mike were at the local supermarket. Bella had left Mike to do some of her own browsing. She wasn't gone 10 minutes when her phone rang. "Where are you?" Mike said when she answered. He sounded angry. She told him where she was. He hung up. What the hell? Bella thought. "There you are!" he said, appearing out of nowhere. He angrily grabbed her wrist. "You need to stay where I'm at!" "I'm sorry," Bella said, slightly scared. He let go of her, leaving a red mark. He told her to go wait in the car. Bella did as he said and went outside. Once inside the car, she dialed a number she hadn't dialed in nearly a month. "Hello?" said a southern deep velvety voice. "So, if a guy grabs a girls wrist, is that abuse?" Bella asked, almost close to tears. "Whats going on?" Edward asked slowly. "I don't know, he, my... boyfriend, just yelled at me for just walking away and he grabbed my wrist. Maybe he was just scared." Bella said. "I reckon he could be. Are you okay?" Edward asked. "Where are you?" "I'm okay. I have to go, he'll be out in a minute," Bella said. "Look, can you call me when he goes to sleep?" Edward asked. "I'll try," Bella said. She saw Mike walk out so she quickly hung up. "Who were you talking to?" he asked as he climbed into the drivers seat. "Leah," Bella lied. Mike nodded. Once home, Mike crashed out early, Bella knew he'd be out till his alarm hit so she went downstairs to call Edward. She made herself comfortable on the couch. "Now whats going on darlin'?" Edward asked. She explained about Mike moving in and how hes showed different sides of himself. She also told him about the other night and how Mike claimed to be a Carolina fan. "There's the problem. Clemson is way better," Edward teased. "I am a Carolina fan, mister," Bella said, pretending to be offended. "I'm pickin', baby," Edward said. "Me too, cowboy," Bella said. She told Edward about the gaming and Mike's obsession. Edward about died of laughter and shock when Bella told him Mike chose gaming over everything, including most recently over going to dinner with her. "Is this the only time hes grabbed you?" Edward asked. "Yes," Bella said. She wasn't lying but she did remember a time or two he had scolded her in public and she felt like she was on eggshells. She wasn't ready to admit that to Edward, or to herself. The next few weeks were uneventful. Mike and Bella were mostly working. They spent Thanksgiving separately as Mike went with his parents to his grandparents house in Atlanta and Bella couldn't imagine not going to her Dad's. "Why did you make me leave my mom?" Mike asked suddenly, about a week after Thanksgiving. "What?" Bella said, shocked. He began going on about his mom being mad at him. "That's why you moved out." Bella interrupted, getting irritated. "To give her time to let go." "But what if she hates me? IT WILL BE ALL YOUR FAULT!" Mike said as he got in her face. "JUST GET OUT!" Jared walked in with Alice behind him. "What the fuck is going on?" Jared asked, clearly irritated. "Nothing. You and Alice fight," Mike said. "I don't scream at her like that. You're not gonna scream at Bella," Jared said to Mike. "I'm out of here. Bella, I'll be back in a few hours," Mike said as he grabbed a jacket. He kissed Bella's forehead mumbled 'love you' and took off. "Bella, I love you like a sister but I don't know how much longer I can take him," Jared stated. After Jared and Alice left, she called Edward. "Whats wrong?" Edward asked. She started crying as she told him what had happened. How Mike had been, how Jared stepped in and how he left. Edward offered to come over. "He left. Alice's boyfriend is here." "I was raised to believe if a man puts his hands on a woman, he needs an ass whoopin'." Edward said. "Anyways, change of subject, I feel like I need to cheer you up." "How do you intend to do that?" Bella said. "20