Title: FarmersOnly dot com Summary: "My cousin said I'd find a guy on FarmersOnly dot com, but I'm not looking for A guy; I'm looking for THE guy. The guy who gets my sarcasm, who loves bad pick up lines, who can't say no to ice cream, and who won't make me a featured story on Dateline. Are you man enough to be the cowboy of my dreams?" Pairing: Bella and Edward Rating: T Word count: 5,000 Are you the cowgirl I'm looking for? Skip. Wanna take a ride on the wild side of wheat harvesting? Funny, but no. I need a hand on the range and with the ropes and in my pa- Nooooooo. Six months on FarmersOnly, and still nothing that's even the tiniest bit interesting. How in the hell Alice talked me into actually paying for this crap I'm not sure. I huff and slam shut my laptop. One guy. Just one guy who's decent looking, nice, and under fifty. It's not too much to ask. Unfortunately, most of the guys on FarmersOnly who meet those qualifications live nowhere near Butte, Montana, where I've been teaching school for the past five years. Every time I talk to my mother, she mentions grandchildren and how all of her friends have them. Then she talks about my high school boyfriend, Jake, who's recently divorced and has been asking her about me. I don't buy that. It's probably more a case of my mother dropping my name and ignoring the grimace on Jake's face when she goes on and on about what a wonderful stepmother I'd make for his three kids. Yeah, 'cause I need that in my life. Raising my ex-best friend's kids is what I want to do − especially after she went behind my back and got knocked up by my cheater boyfriend, only to result in him dumping me when she brought the sonogram picture over to show him while he had his tongue down my throat one last time before I left for college. Like I said, he's not interested. I'm positive. Since I'm spending my Friday night grading papers, I turn to channel 6 to see if Dateline 's gonna be any good. You can't ever be too cautious these days, though it seems like I'd probably need a boyfriend or husband to fall into any of the unfortunate predicaments most of these ladies wind up in. I'm almost finished grading today's math test when my phone rings. "Bella! Did you see the newest posts on Farmers?" Alice practically screams into my ear. "Hello to you, too. And no, I didn't search for any guys today. I checked my flirts and decided to watch Dateline rather than read about what some guy wants me to help him with that would require my hand being in his pants." Alice groans. "Bella, seriously. They're just being dumb when they say that shit. You know farmers have no sense of humor." "Well, dumb or not, I don't want some guy telling me where to put my hands − at least not until after he's bought me dinner a few times and we've made out. Call me old fashioned." "Ugh. Whatever. Anyway, there's a new entry. It just posted today, and you've got to see it!" "Why? This Dateline episode's getting good. The lady disappeared from the mall on Black Friday. How does that even happen?" "Bella, he lives in Sheridan, and he's under thirty. And there's a picture. He's hot!" "Sheridan, Montana?" I ask. This sounds too good to be true. "Yep." "You sure it's not Sheridan County, Montana?" I ask. I live in the southwestern part of the state. Sheridan County's in the northeastern part. It still wouldn't work. "Nope, it says Sheridan, Montana. Look it up. His username's CattleMan620." Begrudgingly, I pull my laptop open and type his name into the search box. After a few seconds, a profile pops up and when I open it... Damn. He is hot. Well, the picture is actually of two guys, but both of them are gorgeous. "Whoa," I mumble. "I told you. Sheridan's only an hour away, Bella. You should totally send him a flirt and see if he responds. There hasn't been a guy under fifty that's lived this close to Butte in almost a year!" "I'll think about it, but no promises." After she begs for a few more minutes, she finally hangs up and lets me get back to Dateline . Unfortunately, my eyes keep wandering over to the picture still open on my laptop. The men in the picture are really, really good looking, and they both look younger than fifty, which is nice. I glance over the profile and see that CattleMan620 is actually 29 years old, 6'2", a non-smoker who drinks on occasion, and is looking for something long term. Huh, sounds good so far. When I get to the part about what he's seeking, I'm pleased to see he's interested in women, wants an average body type, and someone who's between 25 and 40 years old. I can work with that. I love ice cream too much to give that up. I force myself to watch the rest of Dateline , finding out that the lady's estranged husband followed her into a changing room, killed her, and then stuffed her body in the ceiling. Good thing their creepy next door neighbor had been secretly videotaping them for months and had a recording of the husband telling his mistress all about it. Ugh. Men. I put the hottie cowboy out of my mind, not letting my hopes climb too high. A few days later, as I'm eating lunch in the teachers' lounge, I get two text messages from FarmersOnly. Wanna help me germinate my seeds? - AlfafaLover4 There are three other people that wanted the name AlfafaLover? I delete the message and block that poor idiot. No, thanks. Did you know there's no Sheridan Hotel in Sheridan, Montana? Sounds like false advertising to me. - CattleMan620 Holy shit. He sent me a flirt? The hot cowman sent me a message? For a few moments, I'm stunned, not sure how I should respond. The sound of kids throwing food distracts me, and it's not until later in the evening that I finally have time to read the message again. I think about it for an hour or so and then decide. Why not? I'm shocked and appalled. Someone needs to write a strongly-worded letter to the Ruby Valley Chamber of Commerce. - CountrySwan About half an hour later, I get a response. You should do it. Might be a good test to see if you're really a teacher after all. - CattleMan620 I laugh, knowing he's right. You can't ever trust what people write about themselves online. I'll get to work on that as soon as I'm done grading the "Anatomy of a Volcano" drawings my students did today. - CountrySwan We send a few more messages back and forth over the course of the evening, and just as I'm heading off to bed, I hear my phone ping once more. It was fun talking to you. I didn't think there were any smart, eligible women under 65 left in Montana. My brother said this site would never work, but you've proved him wrong. Can I message you again? I don't want to bother you if you're not interested. - CattleMan620 He's sweet and he's funny, and if that picture's real, I'm happy to let him message me all he wants. You've restored my faith in this site today, so thanks for that. I'd love to have you message me again, but first, I have a serious question. If you choose to answer it, I'll reply to any future messages. If you don't, I'm afraid I'll have to include your name in that letter I'm penning to the leaders of Ruby Valley. Here goes… That profile picture you have please tell me you're not conjoined twins or, at least if you are, that there's an operation you're eligible for. I'm a one-man kinda girl. - CountrySwan A minute later, I get my answer. " That's me and my brother. It's the only picture I had on my phone, but I promise we're not conjoined. Now, before I continue messaging you, I have one comment about your picture. I don't believe it's you. You're much prettier than any swan I've ever seen. - CattleMan620 I laugh, looking at my profile picture. It's my official Miss Swan photo from the yearbook, but it shows what I look like in all its unflattering normalness. At least I'm not making a duck face in it, which is what most of the other women on this site do. Thanks. Of course, if you want to tell me I'm pretty, you'll have to get in line behind the five students in my class who seem to be in love with me. Bribes of ice cream or chocolate will move you to the front. Don't tell the other boys, though. They think I only like apples and heart pictures. - CountrySwan -0-0-0-0-0- We message back and forth a few times each day for the next several weeks. He's busy ranching, or whatever it is he does, and it seems like forever between each of his responses. My only free time is in the evenings between grading papers, parent-teacher conferences, and phone calls from my mother and Alice. They're both concerned for my future, though each is for a very different reason. My mother wants me to move home and settle for my past mistakes. Alice wants me to move to a ranch and start popping out babies. Neither of those ideas sounds interesting to me, so I continue messaging CattleMan620, who I eventually learn is named Edward. He's not really supposed to tell me that. Stupid FarmersOnly rules. I tell him my name's Bella, but first names are the only real information we offer up. We mostly talk about random things and trade bad pick-up lines with each other. He's heard some doozies, and he never fails to make me laugh, even when they're a bit on the dirty side. The more I talk to Edward, the more I like him and the more anxious I am about finding out exactly which of the two men in the picture he is. Both men are attractive, but there's just something about the one with the lighter eyes and hair. I can't stop looking at him, and I really, really hope he's Edward. I was wondering if you might want to meet up some time… you know… in person. - CattleMan620 The message comes through on a Wednesday evening, and it makes me nervous. I know there's only so much online messaging we can do. It's been over six weeks, and we'll eventually have to meet in person, but am I ready for that? I'm not sure. It takes me a few hours, but I finally respond. Yeah. Maybe. Did you have something in mind? - CountrySwan You said your spring break's next week. Well, Sheridan has a farmers' market every Thursday afternoon. My mom takes her produce and preserves to sell, and I always go help her. Maybe we could meet there? There's good food, and we do have an ice cream parlor in town. Plus, it's a public place. You wouldn't have to worry about me dragging you off into the boondocks or anything. ;) - Cattleman620 I think over my plans for the week and figure it's now or never. Might as well take a chance. And, like he said, at least it's in a public place. If he's some horrible ogre with a broken-down station wagon, I can just chat for a few minutes, grab some ice cream, and hightail it back to Butte. It's a date, cowboy. - CountrySwan I send the message and close my laptop. I've got far too many butterflies fluttering through my