Title: Hello, Nurse! Summary: Bella's pregnant and loving it, until the perks become the problem. Edward is filling in as the sonogram tech that day, but as you might expect, everything goes wrong. AH. Pairing: E/B Rating: M Word count: 5000 Being pregnant is pretty great. Not for the glowing skin (hardly), or the thicker hair (lies), but the fact that most guys leave me alone because they assume I'm taken. Of course, there are the fetished few who want to bang a pregnant chick, but they're easy enough to avoid. Regardless, I'm happy for the break. Since my relationship with Garrett fell apart, I found a lot of people urging me to "get back out there." Not to mention a couple of guy friends coming out of the woodwork. Jake, for instance, thought it'd be great timing to tell me that he was in love with me… three days after my split. For the most part, this pregnancy has weeded out the fake friends, as well. Though a few of them were surprises, I'm happier knowing who truly had my back. It's strange that I didn't have everyone's support. Well, excluding my father, of course. I haven't spoken to him since he heard the words "I'm pregnant" from his unwed, single, twenty-five year old daughter. He hung up and hasn't responded to any attempts at contact since. I wrote a letter, but I'm guessing his stubborn ass didn't read it. Renee, my mother, could not be reached for comment. Probably in an ashram or something trying to Eat, Pray, Love her way into some hot Spanish guy's pants. I digress. As I sit in the waiting room, ready for another sonogram, I wonder if it's really necessary. On the other hand, I work from home and it gives me a reason to waddle out into the world. I look down at the little duck feet-shaped booties I'm knitting and giggle to myself. "You are going to be so frakkin' cute in these, baby!" I say, rubbing one hand on my stomach. The baby takes the opportunity to punch my bladder. I nearly pee. OMG, how much water did I drink for this? "Mrs. Swan?" Tanya, the surly receptionist calls. "It's MIZZ," I correct for the third time. I'm irritated for three reasons: one, her attitude, two, her assumption, and three, her over-bleached hair. Strike a match near her head and she would go up in flames. She leaves me in the room to settle myself in. I lie back on the table to relax, expecting to be waiting a while. Hopefully, my bladder won't explode all over the room, but currently it is giving my kegels a run for their money. I've gotten used to the constant need to pee though I have been tempted to wear adult diapers some days. That or just work from the toilet. I lead a glamorous life, clearly. A few minutes later, there's a knock. "Come in," I say haughtily, but giggle. It's not like it's my house. "Hello, Isabella," the decidedly male voice says. My eyes are immediately drawn to his beautiful, chiseled-by-angels face. Sweet Lord . "How are you feeling?" Oh, hell. I may have just peed a little. Way to go, kegels . I open my mouth to speak, and thanks to my suaveness, nothing comes out. His greener-than-grass eyes stare at me with curiosity. And by curiosity, I mean he probably wants to know if I'm mute or have taken a vow of silence. He proves this theory when he checks my chart, running the long fingers of his free hand through his wild, light auburn hair. "Just you today?" he asks. "Yep. All the other personalities hate doctors and nurses." Deer in headlights. "Kidding." Less in headlights, still a little bit deer. "Yeah, just me today. Sorry. You can call me Bella. Please. Sorry. Again. I'm pregnant. And clearly, batshit." He chuckles, his posture looser. "It's fine," he says, his smile subtle but I'm swooning. "I'm Edward. It's nice to meet you, Bella." Say it again. Bella. SAY. MY. NAME. "Care to see your baby?" That sounds odd. I feel more like "my little lodger." I can hardly imagine myself as a mom. My own was so… not a mom. I mean, I love her, but the woman should never care for another human being. Or animal. Maybe a house plant with supervision. I clapped my hands. "OK, Edward. Do me!" My face ignites as hot, crimson embarrassment creeps down my neck like a rash. "I mean, uh. Let's do it. Shit." He looks at me with an impregnating smirk. Heh. See what I did there? He shakes his head slightly and eyes the screen on the machine. "So you're almost seven months along?" "No," I correct, "almost eight months." "Oh, right," he says, looking at the file again. "I was looking at last visit." I stare at his hands while he manages all the settings on the computer. He picks up the gel and moves the sensor next to me on the table. I expose my belly at the same time he reaches to tuck the paper blanket around me to keep the goo off my clothes. His hand brushes mine and Lodger kicks right next to his hand. Naturally, he flips his palm to press against the spot. Lodger kicks harder. "Did you feel that?" he asks, amazement sparkling in his eyes. In that moment, I am in a parallel universe. Maybe perpendicular. In any case, it's our baby in that multi-directional universe and my heart pounds. I snap out of the delusion and fall back into my usual pile of reality and frown. "I'm sorry," he says, moving to retract his hand. "I didn't mean to—" "It's okay! I was thinking of something else." I end up holding his warm hand against the baby-dome between us. The lodger squirms, pushing against my rib. "Ahh… yep. Felt that, too." He nods, fighting a smile. I let my hand linger, because fuck it , I have nothing to lose, but finally let go before it gets too awkward. Probably too late. I do awkward really well. "This might be a bit cold," he says, and squirts a gel happy face on my bump. Edward turns to the screen where we both see my uterine hotel appear. His hand and the sides of his fingers brush my skin and even through the gel, I secretly wish he would let his fingertips trail behind the sensor, back and forth. Then down… I mean, hell , this gel is essentially water-based lube, right? Not that I need it. I'm so horny, I could mount him before I knew what I was doing. Damn hormones. "Wow, baby either doesn't like me or really likes me," Edward muses. Every time he rests the heel of his palm on my belly, baby moves noticeably and or kicks. I think Lodger agrees that Edward is quite a fine specimen. "Like any kid, this one probably just doesn't want to make it easy for you," I tease. I'll make it easy for you, though . Edward laughs and the sound is musical. "Fair point." "Do you have kids?" The sensor slips into my lap. His hand is still attached and essentially resting in my ladygarden. Well, at the door, anyway. It's highly amenable to its guest. "No!" he shouts, adjusting his volume after he removes his hand and the sensor. "Sorry, I… I mean, no. No kids." He mumbles something, and I wish pregnancy came with superhearing. It does not. "Would you like to?" I am immediately realize it sounds like I'm offering. Did I just proposition him? Jesus. His beautiful eyes narrow like he thinks it's a trick question. I start sputtering, laughing at how ridiculous this entire appointment has been so far. He's confused at first, but soon joins me in laughter. "Yes," he says finally, "I think I would." We stare at each other, grinning. My bravery reaches new heights as I drum up the balls to flirt a little. Very little. "Well, I hope they have your eyes," I say. "They're such a beautiful green." His face goes slack. I am sure I've freaked him out, but then his smile creeps back and he blushes. BLUSHES. Oh, smitten. I am in the SMIT. I get the urge to ask him out. Before I even open my mouth, I realize an adorable, sweet, gorgeous guy (who wears no ring) is practically required to have a girlfriend. Or boyfriend. Please be single. And straight. Or at least, bi. My confidence wanes. How enticing am I right now? There's no way this is a good idea! He's just being nice, it's not like we have some amazing connection. And who dates while pregnant? Prostitutes, that's who. As he marks a couple things on my chart, I debate. I mean, this is unprecedented. I decide that the whole "nothing to lose" angle is still in effect and stumble into an attempt. "Edward?" I begin, the word alone sounding timid. I start to chew on my lip but he's turning to look at me. Oh, God. Does he look hopeful? No. Clearly I am, as expected, delusional. "Would you want to—" "I MADE IT!" At the exact moment I have thrown caution to the wind, Rosalie busts through the door unannounced. "Hi, baby!" she says, excitedly. "And hi, Bells!" Her heels click along the floor as she hurries over to me and kisses me on the mouth. I stare at her with my signature "WTF!?" expression, but it's lost on her. She sees her baby onscreen. "You didn't learn the sex, right?" she asks, as if I'd forget my promise. "No," I say through gritted teeth. "Good. We want to be surprised!" she pants as she grabs my hand. It's then that I realize Edward has gone completely quiet. He's not looking at me anymore and is actively trying to avoid eye contact. "Edward," I say, drawing out his attention. His eyes seem less vibrant. "This is Rosalie. She's—" "This is my baby!" she squeals, pointing to the screen. "Thank you, Bella!" Then she kisses me again. "Beautiful, beautiful, lovely, wonderful Bella! You're so amazing, I love you so much!" For someone who claimed she was never that into her college "experiments," she's kissing me a whole helluva lot these days. "Hello, Rosalie," he says. "Congratulations. Baby is healthy, heart rate is strong, and it looks like your family is right on schedule." His smile is genuine but the cute flirtiness that made my thighs clench is gone. Oh shit . Rose is squeezing the life out of my hand and I'm pretty sure he thinks we're lesbians. Rose's massive three-carat is probably blinding him. And I was flirting like a shameless hussy. Wait, I can't be a skank if I'm not actually… I'm so confused right now. I need a nap. Edward prints out the sonogram pictures and hands the to Rose, who squealy-clap-jumps, hugs me, and kisses me. AGAIN. Jesus, I think she's on drugs. "I'm sending a digital set to your phone, Bella. That way you can share via text, too." TEXT! Yes. "I'll send it to you, Rose, and you can send to Emmett, okay?" "No," she says, and I immediately know by her weird tone of voice she's going to ruin my ploy. "Baby boy will have to wait til mama gets home." Could she POSSIBLY have worded that worse? Yes. Actually, I know she could have. "Bella, we're all set," Edward declares. He looks at me and it appears like he wants to say something. He sighs instead, stripping off his gloves. Gently, he wipes the gel off my belly. The warmth of his hand sweeps across my skin. Baby kicks. Yep. Definitely peed that time. Ugh. He looks at me at the exact moment I wince and probably thinks I'm disgusted by his touch. Great. Thanks, Lodger. "Good luck