Title: Bag Boy Summary: When the town cougar needs a zucchini, the bag boy at the local market gets a tip that's more than he bargained for. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 4300 BAG BOY Cougarcougarcougarcougarcougarcougarcougarcougarcougar Whoever told Noah to save a male and a female of each species might've set evolution back a thousand years. Surely, we could've managed to survive and reproduce without men. We'd figured out how to walk on two legs, after all. Yeah, right . I loved men. It was my tragic flaw—or maybe not so tragic, I guess, depending on the day. Today wasn't a great one. I didn't blame Seth for moving on; I should've put a graceful end to our tryst myself. Sure, he was a sweet, young cub—sexy and eager and hot—but we'd pretty much run out of things to talk about weeks ago. The sex was good, but I'd taught him everything I knew; the boy held no challenges for me. Maybe I was looking at this the wrong way. Instead of looking for a mate, perhaps I should simply provide a public service. Cougars 'R' Us. Bring me your wild child; I'll make him a man. Right, because that was going to fulfill my heart's desire. Seth could not have been lovelier about the whole goodbye, but our breakup this morning had left me raw. There was a hole I needed to fill, and if a man wasn't going to do it, then I'd at least cook myself a decent meal. I turned the key in the ignition, and the Roadster roared to life. Seth's hip-hop funkytown rap crap ambushed me before I could grab the volume knob. I took a deep breath and tuned into the acoustic oasis of the Coffee House station. If the virile boy's absence was my cloud, then listening to my own music again was my silver lining. Speaking of clouds, a dark mass gathered overhead as I made the short drive to Nature's Bounty. Had they forecast a storm today? Perfect. My Burberry raincoat was safe and dry in the mudroom closet. With a sigh, I pushed the button to engage the roof. I always loved the looks I got—especially from the young guys on the road—when I put up my top while traveling twenty-five miles per hour. The metal clicked into place as I pulled into my usual out-of-the-way spot at the grocery store, far away from the careless door-dingers and parking space hogs. I'd probably get soaked getting back to the car, but a change of clothes was less of a hassle than body work on the Z4. I yanked a cart free from the corral inside and wheeled it through the produce section. What to make, what to make . . . Something healthy, I decided. It's just as easy to drown your sorrows in something that doesn't require an extra Pilates class, my friend Rose would say . I found Javier arranging organic peaches into a perfect pyramid, and I reached a greedy hand straight into the middle of the pile. " Mmm , this one looks good." He whipped around, his whole face breaking into a smile when he saw it was me. "You tryin' to give me a heart attack, Bella?" "Buenos días, mi amigo." "Hola, mi bella dama. You wan' peaches? Here, I give you my best ones." He picked through his crates and presented me with two perfectly ripe, unblemished peaches. "Beautiful peaches for a beautiful lady." "Aww, I bet you say that to all the customers." "No, jes' the pretty ones. What are you making me for dinner tonight?" I smiled at our longstanding joke. "I haven't decided yet. Something with a lot of vegetables." "No problem. I'll bring my own steak." I gave him a friendly tap on the arm. "Good thing your wife is not a jealous woman." "Pshh, she'd be happy for a night off." He waggled his eyebrows and laughed at his own joke. "Have a good day, hot stuff!" A loud rumble of thunder reverberated through the store. "Stay dry, Bella!" I left him chuckling as I filled the cart with a pile of fruits and vegetables I thought I could eat before they went bad. I rolled past the bakery and deli. Nope, don't need to go down the snack and soda aisles ; breakups did have their advantages. Maybe I'd stay unattached for a while. Yogurt, milk, eggs . . . I bypassed the tub of cookie dough I would've bought for Seth. Health and beauty aisle, let's see now . . . We ran out of condoms last night, but clearly I wouldn't be needing more now. Hell, I might not even shave my legs for a week. Live dangerously, Bella. I zipped by the frozen foods case. No more ice cream sandwiches late at night, no more pizza rolls while watching the next "best show ever—I swear!" I was gonna drop five pounds overnight. Yes, this was a good plan. A penis-free zone. Maybe I'd even call up Rose and see if she wanted to go to the movies—something super chick flicky. By the time I reached the register, I'd warmed to the idea. This would be good for me. A little break. "Bagger, register two!" Whoa, cash register girl. How about a little warning before you rattle those pipes? One of the baggers appeared at the end of the lane. The poor boy must've been caught in the downpour, and he was drenched from head to toe. His yellow, long-sleeved button-down clung to his shoulders. His store-issue brown tie hung like a limp noodle from his neck, and he didn't look the least bit happy about it. The sodden khakis left nothing to the imagination; he didn't appear to suffer from shrinkage. Yeah, I looked. Long, wet clumps of hair fell across his eyes. That might be a good thing , I decided when he pushed his hair out of the way. Wow. That was a definite don't-fuck-with-me glint aimed directly at the cashier. I wouldn't have wanted to be on the receiving end of his glare even if his eyes happened to be the most striking shade of grey-green I'd ever seen. Then again . . . unf! The passion! Right, Bella. Remember that plan? Staying unattached? Chick flicks? Sigh. I looked him over with a critical eye while emptying my groceries onto the belt. His height was balanced by a sturdy set of shoulders that were doing a fine job of holding up his wet shirt. His torso had more going on than just sitting on top of his hips; he sent out a restless energy, a coil of potential waiting to spring. I wanted to be there when it snapped. His jaw was a fucking work of art, even set as it was in a hard line. I had a feeling that when he wasn't sneering, his mouth was actually quite nice. I might just have to make him smile and see. This boy had spunk, and dammit, he was cute. Yep, the penis-free ship had left port and caught a mighty wind under its sails. I wouldn't be seeing that sucker again for a long while if this boy was even half the stud he appeared to be. Now, to give the mouse a cookie . . . Bagboybagboybagboybagboybagboybagboybagboybagboy Being the new kid sucked monkey balls. Tanya wasn't the only one who owned my ass at the Bounty—it seemed everyone did. "Cullen, cleanup on aisle four! . . . Price check on register three! . . . Round up the carts!" Rounding up carts, not a terrible job on a sunny day. But being the human caboose on a metal shopping cart train during an electrical storm? Not the safest place to be. From the bitching and moaning the carts did as I rode them in, it seemed they weren't having the best time either. "Bagger, register two!" Tanya Fucking Denali. She'd wanted my ass all through high school, and ever since I'd flunked out of Syracuse and taken this shit job, she'd treated me like her own personal slave. Soaked to the bone from my apparently-not-waterproof boots to the mop on top of my head, I'd stepped inside to dry off for two precious seconds when Tanya bellowed for a bagger. Tanya or not, dry beat the hell out of soaking wet, and I practically ran to her register. She gave me a smug smile as she keyed in the code for the large zucchini sitting on the glass. "Is it wet enough for ya, Cullen?" I grabbed the zucchini as she transferred it to the belt. I don't know, Tanya. Is this big enough for your overused, stretched out twa— "Don't they give you boys a raincoat?" I followed the voice to the most gorgeous pair of fucking-perfect lips I'd ever seen, delicate on the top and full and kissable on the bottom. Luxurious but not shiny with the crap gloss girls my age wore. Hers were natural—only better—and when she smiled at me, I felt a jolt deep in my groin. "Um, not really. They have these plastic ponchos, but I'd rather get soaked than pull that garbage bag over my body in this heat." "Huh, macho man." I couldn't tell if she was impressed or teasing, but either way, I had the lady's attention—and she had Tanya's, not in a good way either. "Paper or plastic?" There was a definite snarl in her voice that wouldn't win Tanya any "Customer of the Week" awards. Our customer heard it, too. Disregarding the cashier, she turned her head in my direction and smiled. "Would I be one of those customers if I troubled you for both? I need the paper bags for my recycling, but it's raining cats and dogs out there." Yeah, I noticed. "No trouble at all." I stretched a plastic bag over the metal frame, flicked open a paper bag, and stuffed it inside the plastic, accommodating my customer's request like the pro I was. The contents of her shopping cart appeared on the belt, mostly fruits and vegetables—girl food. Hmm , was she single? No wedding ring, I noted with irrational joy. Right, because if she's not married, she's obviously going to jump right into bed with me. "Oh, shucks! I forgot something. I'll be right back." Tanya rolled her eyes as the woman squeezed through the narrow lane, excusing herself and apologizing to the two customers behind her in line. I lost sight of her, but she returned less than a minute later and casually tossed a box of condoms on top of her pile. Sure, doesn't everyone top off yogurt and pomegranate juice with a box of condoms? Tanya grabbed the box and gave the customer a smug look. "Have everything you need now?" If I could've reached the bitch with my boot, I would've kicked her in the leg to shut her fucking yap, but my chivalrous plans were unnecessary. If Tanya thought she could shame this lady, she had definitely misread her customer. Nodding briefly at Tanya, she said, "Just about." That's when she turned her head toward me and smiled. At least, I think she did. It's possible that may have been wishful thinking on my dick's part. That happened sometimes. Okay, it happened a lot. He was a hopeful fella. Tanya ran the condoms across the glass and shoved them at my knuckles. Trojan Stimulations, premium latex condoms, ultra ribbed. Large. 36 count. Someone was gonna have a good time with those, and I was already jealous. I glanced up to find the lady staring at me; she was definitely grinning now. I made like they were just another piece of fruit going into the bag. No biggie. But my face was on fire. The lady pushed her empty cart to the end of the lane. I took a quick inventory of what was left on the