Title: After The Wedding Summary: Bella's wedding to the highly eligible Lord Masen was a fairy tale, but what happened after the vows had been spoken? (Period drama, British spelling used.) Pairing: Edward/ Bella Rating: T Word Count: 3040 After The Wedding It was a beautiful summer day when I was wed, and a fairy tale of a wedding. I had never seen the man I was supposed to marry. He had seen me though, at the formal dance my aunt had arranged just as the season had begun. The next day itself, he had conveyed his wishes to Aunt Esme, and she had rushed to our house, thrilled beyond words. I had been pruning my favourite rose bush in the garden. With the departure of winter the snow and icy winds too had said goodbye, and spring was making its presence known everywhere. The small white roses I loved the most would take some time to make an appearance, but I wanted the bushes free of any dead twigs and leaves, ready to receive the bounty of the tiny buds. After spending nearly an hour in the fresh air, I had just stepped in when I heard my aunt's voice coming from the sitting room. "Renee! What are you dithering about? It is Lord Masen—one of the most eligible bachelors in the whole county. Just say yes!" "I have to consult Charles first, Esme," laughed my mother. "And you know how shy and quiet Isabella is—we have to make sure she will be happy in that household. Wealth is not always a guarantee of marital joy, you know that." Lord Masen had made a proposal for me? Impossible! Why would he do that? He could have chosen any eligible girl from any number of rich and titled families, settled near and far. Aunt Esme was shaking her head as I peeped from behind the heavy curtains. "You and Charles are so strange, Sister. I know for a fact mothers who have been throwing their marriageable daughters at him, and here you are nitpicking about him being wealthy? Consult your husband by all means, but you know as well as I do that he will probably agree if you are willing for the match!" Both my mother and my aunt were extremely chatty and spontaneous women, and their thoughts tended to run in one direction one minute and another direction the next. So my aunt's rambling only made me smile. She went on babbling. "As for Isabella, why would she not be happy? Not only is Lord Masen wealthy but also extremely handsome. And he possesses such a sweet disposition! Nobody has ever heard him yell, not even the servants—and you know how these lords and ladies treat them sometimes. He has never been involved in one of those drunken brawls either that young men nowadays tend to engage in so frequently. What else do you want for our Isabella?" I knew she had my best interests at heart. My aunt had no children, so she pampered me and my siblings as much as she could. She was married to Doctor Carlisle Cullen, a fine gentleman with twinkling eyes and a dry sense of humour. They had a good life. By marrying him, she had definitely moved up in the society. Perhaps that was what she envisioned for me. My parents, Charles and Renee Swan, were not poor by any standards, but neither could they be considered rich. My father was a gentleman farmer, with sufficient land to cultivate and keep dairy animals, and our house was large and comfortable, though not fancy like that of my aunt and uncle. Their residence had been constructed and furnished luxuriously, and Aunt Esme loved to show it off by hosting as many parties during the season as was possible for her. It was at such a party that Lord Masen had seen me, and apparently liked me enough to ask for my hand. My thoughts were all in a whirl as I stepped away quietly and went to my bedroom. Did I want to get married? Yes, I did. Since I had turned sixteen I had begun dreaming of a husband, a house of my own, and children. I would be the most important person in my husband's life, and we would love each other to the moon and stars. I would manage my household as well as my mother did hers. And our children—oh, they would be the apple of our eyes! Now at the ripe age of eighteen and a half, I had seen a couple of my friends get married and settle down. I also knew that not everything was hearts and roses between a husband and wife. Sometimes they had disagreements, and sometimes there were arguments resulting in harsh words and tears. When I had asked my mother why we had never seen her and father exchanging angry words, she had smiled and explained that marriage was a constant process of adjustment. Some people grew with time, others did not. Through it all, being unselfish and caring for your spouse was what made a good marriage. I cannot say I understood everything she said, but my dreams remained intact. However, I had never dreamt of grand mansions or closets full of fine silk gowns or boxes of jewellery. Now that I had overheard the conversation between my mother and my aunt, I was plagued with doubts. Would I be able to carry myself like a proper lady? Did I have the personality required, the skills of conversation and organisation Lord Masen and his family would expect? Or would I be a complete disappointment to them? Aunt Esme must have succeeded in convincing my mother, for the very next evening my parents asked me to stay behind after we had finished dinner. Angela, my younger sister, and Mike, my brother, looked curious, but left quietly for their rooms. "Did you know a proposal has come for you?" asked my father without any preamble. I had always liked this about him; he never beat around the bush. I felt my cheeks becoming warm. "Uh, I overheard Aunt Esme saying something like that to Mamma yesterday," I admitted, unable to meet his eyes. Then I added hurriedly, "I had just come in from the garden. I didn't stay long, only hearing her praise for Lord Masen." "Hmm." My father gave me a shrewd glance. "Well, in that case, what is your opinion? Do you want to get married to him?" Mamma probably rolled her eyes at his direct question. I wasn't looking at her, but I felt it. "Isabella," she said softly, her smile warm but her eyes serious. "Esme has praised Lord Masen—that is true. He is supposed to be good-looking, well-educated and kind-hearted. He has wealth and position—that is also true. But you know that we will never force you to marry against your wishes. If you have any reason not to marry him, please let us know so we can give him an answer." I fidgeted in the over-stuffed chair. "Doesn't he want to meet me once—maybe ask some questions to see if I am suitable for his household?" Mamma shook her head, her forehead wrinkled in thought. "Esme said that Lord Masen observed you at the ball and was pleased by your beauty and deportment. However, we can certainly arrange a meeting, if you wish so. Do you have any questions for him?" I shrugged helplessly. "I just…I want to make sure he will not be disappointed with me after we are married. I have no idea how to run an estate or rule over a battery of servants, after all." "I am sure you will do very well," assured my father. "You have a good head on your shoulders, Isabella. Don't worry about the size of the household. It might take you some time, but you will get used to the change. Of course, I will request Lord Masen for a meeting. I don't think he will mind." And so it was that I found myself face-to-face with my intended, three days after the conversation with my parents. My wish to meet him had been conveyed through Aunt Esme, and an invitation had been extended to us to come and have afternoon tea at the manor house, situated on the Masen Estate, just outside the town. My parents had felt too bashful to attend, so it was just Aunt Esme and I. She had been there before and was comfortable with the place. Also, the housekeeper was the elder sister of her own housekeeper, so she felt especially welcome there. After we had been greeted by the butler and shown into the sun room, where a lovely tea had been laid for us, I whispered to my aunt how intimidating I found everything. "This house is like a palace, Aunt. The furnishings, the chandeliers, the tapestries—everything is so opulent. I am a little scared of Lord Masen now." She patted my hand fondly. "Don't judge him by the trappings of his wealth, dear. I have met him and I know he is a gentleman with simple tastes who likes to spend his evenings reading or playing cards with close friends. But he is expected to keep a grand house, you know, so he can entertain certain distinguished guests in the manner they are used to. He is an earl, after all. You have nothing to worry about. Now, I understand that he would prefer to meet you without me hovering around, so I will take off to the kitchen. I want to have a nice chat with Mrs Stanley, and have a look at the kitchen garden later on. It seems she has introduced some new herbs to the gardener and is quite proud of them." She left me before I could voice my objection, and I sat there wringing my hands. It was such a pretty room, with a sofa set in white wicker, offset with floral print cushions. The afternoon sun spilled inside through French windows that opened out to a well-manicured lawn. A couple of periodicals lay on an elegant side table. I picked one that had articles on gardening and such, and began looking at the pictures inside. Just then, someone stepped through the door and a shadow fell upon the open page. I looked up and almost forgot to breathe. A man stood there—tall, broad-shouldered, and with the face of an angel. His eyes were a deep green, his hair a tousled mix of red and brown, with a few golden strands highlighted by the sun behind him. His clothes were cut in the latest fashion and were perfectly ironed. And yet…he looked nervous. It reassured me a bit. Otherwise his perfection would have literally brought me down to my knees. He gave me a hesitant smile and bowed slightly. I suddenly recalled my manners and scrambled to my feet, answering his bow with that of my own. "Miss Swan, it is an honour to meet you." His voice was like music to my ears, deep and slightly husky. "Anthony Masen at your service. Please have a seat." "Lord Masen." I couldn't think of anything else to say, still lost in his caress-like tone. I did sit down though, and he followed me. There was a moment of silence while we looked at each other and then averted our eyes as quickly. "How do you like your tea?" was his surprising question as he lifted the lid of the teapot and confirmed that the tea was ready to be poured. I was so taken aback that I just stared at him. He cleared his throat, waiting for my answer. "Oh, please allow me to pour the tea. You cannot—you are a lord—it's not—" I spluttered finally. He waved his hand. "You are a guest, Miss Swan. And I do know how to make tea." His face broke into a full smile,