Title: Espresso Self Summary: Once upon a time a beautiful peasant girl met her Prince Charming and fell deep into instalove. Yeah … That isn't this story. Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Word count: 4892 There's something about New York at four in the morning. When the streets are empty and the night finally sits still in the city that never sleeps. It's only quiet for a moment. Just one single moment before a delivery truck stops in front of the bakery across the street. And in that moment, I'm not Isabella, jaded neighborhood barista. I'm just Bella, creepy people-watcher. The brakes squeak, and I perk up when a cloud of white powder escapes the back doors, rolling right into the delivery man's face. He coughs, and I wonder if he has an HMO or PPO or any kind of insurance plan at all. The alarm on my phone sounds and he looks up into the shadows. I needlessly lean back. The busted street light keeps me out of sight where I like to stay, snuggled up with my blanket and a healthy dose of imagination. I bet he has kids. Two of them. One boy, one girl. And yeah, definitely some sort of insurance plan. Has to with two kids to take care of. With one last sip of crappy, off-brand coffee, I reluctantly climb back through my balcony window, dressed and ready to go. When I arrive at the coffee shop, Sue's already there. She's got my apron on, her long, black hair tied up in a hairnet and the first batch of muffins baking in the oven. For having such a lackluster job, I sure do have the best boss in the world. "I thought owners were supposed to reap the benefits of their business. Go on perma-vacations and stuff." I wiggle my fingers in the direction of the batter. "Not do businessy things." "Oh, is that how it's supposed to work?" "Yeah. I'm pretty sure there's like a law or something." Sue scoffs. "Wouldn't that be nice," she says and points to the counter. "Can you hand me that dipper right there? I washed the blueberry off and forgot to grab it." "Sure, but it's not a dipper. It's a scoop, remember?" Sue gives me a look like she doesn't want to hear it. I hold my hands up in defense. "Just sayin'. God forbid we get a repeat of the last time Vic heard you call it that." The fiery red mohawk isn't the loudest thing to have come out of his head. I sure as hell don't want to be around if he ever hits that high note again. Sighing, Sue reaches out. I hand her the utensil before heading to the front to set up, just like every other morning. And just like every other morning, Ms. Myers comes knocking on the window, five 'til six. Smiling, I wave and let her in, not having to ask what she wants. A lukewarm cup of tea with two slices of lemon and just a dash of honey. My easiest order of the day. My morning drags on from there with customers old and new piling in and out. There's a backstory brewing for each one of the asses filling the purple, faux-suede seats. Which, by the way, are a bitch to clean. "What about that one there? What's his story?" Sue's son Seth asks, leaning up against the counter beside me. Glancing at the guy in the pink Polo and penny loafers, I tap my pursed lips. "Let's see ..." Awkward is his middle name. I cringe when he goes to fist bump his friend but uses the hand holding his drink, crushing the cup and spilling the contents all over himself. "Well, the guy's clearly a narc." "You think?" "Oh, yeah. Look at him. He screams outsider who weaseled his way in and probably by accident. People find that kind of absentmindedness thing endearing, funny. Ya know?" "Yeah, I can see that." I nod. "His father was killed in the line of duty by a drug dealer, the same drug dealer that's dealing to the kids today. He's out for revenge. The awkward thing is just an act." I squint in his direction. "And I can see right through it." Seth and my fun's put on hold when a group of obvious tourists pour in. It's the fanny packs. Dead giveaway. A few of them sing along with me when my favorite song plays over the radio. The other customers—too-cool natives—look at us like we're crazy. But whatever gets me through the day, I say. By the time Rose shows up for the afternoon shift, my back is spasming and my feet hurt and I'm more than ready to go home. "Thank God you're here. My spine feels like it's about to shoot out my ass." Rose crinkles her nose. "That's a nice image." Untying my apron, I try to hand it over so I can get the hell out of there and sit down, but she holds up her hand to stop me. "Hold up, Bella. Shit," she says under her breath. "Can you handle this next customer? Royce just showed up and I really need to talk to him. Please? Please? Pleasepleaseplease?" Sighing, I pull the apron back over my head, and Rose thanks me with a squeeze. "Yeah, yeah. You owe me, sister non-Christian. You hear me? Next!" I yell a little louder than necessary. The music switches from my eighties to today's hits, which makes every order I fill after that seem more and more obnoxious. Decaf soy latte with an extra shot and cream. Nonfat frappuccino with extra whipped cream and chocolate sauce. Triple venti, half sweet, nonfat caramel macchiato, and can I drizzle the caramel over the top in the shape of a butterfly because yeah, I'm the freaking Picasso of coffee. I scowl at Rose's backside the whole time I'm putting in orders and drizzling what—I don't care what that little girl says—definitely resembles a butterfly. A pretty girl walks by and Rose grabs Royce's chin to jerk his head back to face her, and never in my life have I been more thankful to be childless and single. "Next!" "Kiss my arse." A fancy male voice demands. "Excuse me?" My attention shifts from Rose to the guy standing in front of me. Neck to toe, he screams serious business with his pressed gray suit. But the copper coif and pair of Ray-Bans nesting on top of his head says nothin' but a partay. His cell phone is glued to his ear. For his sake, I hope he's talking to whoever's on the other end of the line and not me. "Is there something I can get you?" I say to try and get his attention, and he holds up a finger. "Yes. Hold on, Ben. Get me a grande chai tea latte, three pump, skim milk, light water, two percent foam with just a spritz of cinnamon," he orders without a glance my way. I choose that moment to dip down and grab a packet of cups from below the counter just so I can roll my eyes. What kind of self respecting man says "spritz"? "Name?" I ask when I bounce back up. My blood boils when he brings the cell back up to his ear and resumes his conversation as if I'm not even there. "Sorry, Ben. Hold on a second. What?" "Your name. I need your na—" "No. Yes, I hear you, Ben. Hold on. Now sorry, you were saying?" he asks again, lowering the phone to his shoulder. "What. Is. Your. Name?" I ask a little slower. He does a small doubletake, torn between everyday human interaction and snuggling with his beloved mobile device. I internally roar when he holds up his finger again and puts the phone back up to his ear. Grabbing my marker, I nearly poke a hole through the side of the cup when I write whatever comes to mind. I don't have time for this. Orange Is the New Black starts streaming to -day and I have to get home to start watching it. I happily pass the cup along to Paul, who has long taken over for Seth, and hand over the apron to Rose before stomping off. The work day is saved however when the next order is called just as I walk out the door, a huge smile spreading across my face. "Order for Huge Douchenozzle! Huge Douchenozzle, your order's up!" ... "Two words. First word," I say, and Tyler nods. He winds up for a pitch, but I stop him with the answer. "Pitch Perfect! The answer's Pitch Perfect! God dammit, Tyler! Now, get away from my window!" I glare at where he kicked the corner out of the glass last week using the same damn theatrics. I'd ask the landlord to replace it if it weren't creeping up on the first of the month and I weren't already three months behind on rent. Besides, it's been warm out and a little fresh air never hurt anybody. I choose that moment of depression to take a break from the fun and games and take the three steps into the kitchen, only to be dragged into one of Rose and Lauren's always titillating conversations. "Ask Bella," Rose says then turns to face me. "Wasn't that guy the other day kinda hot?" Like in a douchenozzily sort of way? "Totally." "See? I told you." My brain goes as numb as my hand when I stick it in the freezer to grab a tray of ice and I start to regret inviting everyone over for my nobody-knows-it's-actually-my-birthday-and-I-want-to-keep-it-that-way celebration. All I can think about is how my three days off are over and who knows if I even had a job to crawl back—on my hands and knees begging for forgiveness—to. Sticking it to rude customers isn't usually my style, but I just couldn't help myself with the one that was hot, but in a total douchenozzily sort of way. ... The next morning, Sue beckons me into her office to "discuss a few things." Pulling up a chair, I lace my fingers together before resting my hands on my lap. "Did you call someone a huge douchenozzle the other day?" she starts right out of the gate. With an exaggerated frown, I shrug my shoulders. "No. I didn't call anybody anything," I tell her in all honesty, because I didn't. "Just wrote it on the cup." "Jesus, Bella." "What?" Holding her head in her hands, Sue looks up at me from between her fingers. "I'm sorry, but he was acting like one, Sue. What the hell else did you expect me to do?" Clawing her face, Sue groans. "I don't know!" Her arms flail out like a spastic air dancer. "Maybe not completely alienate the guy who's maybe, possibly going to be buying this place?" I hit the back of the chair as if Sue's words bowl me over. "Wait. You're selling the shop?" "I don't know. Maybe." "But why?" I ask, my job my last concern. If Sue's out, so am I. Who wants to work for some dick in a suit anyway? Crouched over in her swivel chair, all Sue can do is look at me until I force a nod and head out front to set up. "Hey, Bella." I stop in the doorway and look back. "Don't tell any of the others yet, okay? If I decide to go through with the sale, I want it to come from me." The rest of my day drags. Seth seems to be attuned to my mood and stays on his end of the counter. I wonder if he knows. All the orders are fairly easy and take no time at all. I use the downtime to sneak onto the computer and search for jobs. Night-time nanny or energetic dog walker. Hm ... One sounds