Title: The Dead Brothers' Club Summary: "I'm the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral. Can't understand, well, you soon will." Edward and Bella meet on the eve of their brothers' funerals. Together they form a secret club where they rage, rant, worry, and share the pain of being a sibling without a sibling. They've both suffered incredible loss; but will they manage to find friendship, and possibly, love? Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Word count: 4,877 The Dead Brothers' Club A few months after I turned seventeen, my brother, Garrett, died in a car crash. He snuck out of our parents' yellow house, with the blue shutters, at eleven o'clock one Thursday night by slipping past me and crawling out of the large bedroom window above the two-story garage. I watched him go, the same as always . Garrett began sneaking out when he was fifteen and I was fourteen. The first time I caught him he threatened to stuff a face cloth down my throat if I squealed. Although I knew he would never do that, at least I didn't think he would resort to such drastic measures, I kept mum. I alternately hated and adored my big brother with his crazy hair; a mop of brown curls that spiraled out of control, that no one, not even a seasoned barber, could tame into submission. I hated that he had them and I was stuck with hair so straight that it looks like I flat ironed it ten times a day. It won't even hold a curl. Not even when Mom sets it with gel and Gran's pink rollers. The other thing I loved/hated about Garrett was his smile. It was a sneer when he was slightly amused, but it morphed into this big Jack-O-Lantern grin when he was really happy. I wanted to punch that dumb ass grin off his face on the regular. But I also wanted to capture it with my camera phone too; nobody had a smile like that; the kind that could light up a darkened room. Or a path for Trick-O-Treaters. He always called me Blondie because when I was a kid my hair was blonde. No one would believe that today since it is now a dark chestnut. I don't dye it or anything, it just became that way all on its own. But if anyone asked why he called me Blondie, he would flash that pumpkin grin and laugh, "She might have brown hair now, but she still has blonde roots. She's the original dumb blonde." He was always making fun of me because, according to him, my face was always in a book. ' Jesus Blondie, when did you become Dad? Go borrow my razor now before that mustache you're sporting gets too thick and become permanent. Ugh, put your nose back inside a book before I have to have therapy or something.' I guess he was right, I do love to read. And I look exactly like Dad. But I don't have a mustache even though I worried for months that I did. I finally had Mom make an appointment with her stylist to have my upper lip waxed. She took me down to the Snip and Curl, but Barb, the esthetician, assured me there was nothing to wax, shave or pluck. The night Garrett died I was reading an old book of mine from childhood, Beautiful Joe . Have you ever read that one? It's about this poor dog whose first owner was a mean- bastard-milk-man who cut off Joe's ears and tail and left him to die. I think it was the first book I ever read that really made me cry. " But I am not beautiful, I am only a cur." Gah … I cried more over this line than I did at Garret's funeral. Does that make me a bad person? Crying over a damn, earless, tail-less, fictional animal instead of my stupid brother with a grin that looked like Peter-Pumpkin-Eater? I think it does. Garrett had walked past my bed and gone to the window just as he always did. But this time he did something unusual. Instead of lifting the window carefully (he had so much WD 40 on that thing he could lift it with his pinky) he stopped in his tracks and came over to the side of my bed. ' You awake, Blondie?' I lifted my head and nodded from under the covers where I was covertly reading. ' Hey … I just wanted to … listen … I'm sorry about the mustache thing. Okay? You-you're pretty , all right. So even though I think you should seriously have Mom work on your uni-brow and enroll you in Jenny Craig, I just wanted you to know that, okay?' And then he hugged me; comforter, Beautiful Joe, and all. He hugged me hard. And he kissed the top of my head. He never hugged me. He never kissed the top of my head. But that night he did both. Two hours, and one rainy street later, he was dead. But I don't want to talk about that now. I don't talk about that ever, really. Not with anyone. Except Edward. Tap, rap, scratch Speak of the devil and who should appear? I go over to the window and lift it as gently as I can. It squeaks a little because Garret's been dead for six months now and I can't stand the smell of WD 40. Or Oreos. Or the sight of pumpkins. Or anyone named Jack. But I digress. "Hey, you wanna come out?" "Yeah , okay. Just let me put on my yoga pants. " "Why, you gonna do yoga?" "Pft … as if." I run back over to the closet and snag my pants off the hook. I know Edward is watching me as I climb into them one leg at a time. I know he will laugh when I trip over my feet and catch myself, just barely, before I crash to the floor. I also know that even though I am wearing nothing but the green T-shirt and lavender underwear that he won't be making any lewd remarks. It isn't like that between us. Besides, he understands. About the green T-shirt, I mean. It was, Garrett's. He was wearing it the night he died. I know that sounds gross. But it isn't. I mean, the shirt isn't gross or anything, even though he died with it on his body. It doesn't have any blood it, but even if it did, I would probably still wear it every night. Garrett didn't die from bloody wounds; he broke his neck in the crash. Snap … and he was gone. It was as clean a death as anyone could ask for, given the circumstances. Everyone who attended the funeral mentioned that to my parents. "He looks so good Renee; just like an angel sleeping in heaven." I roll my eyes thinking about that; there was nothing angelic about Garrett. And even if he is an angel, he is probably smirking over those lame remarks while guzzling a Rainer that he'd most likely stolen from Saint Pete's golden fridge. In heaven. If there is such a place. Because … I have my doubts. About Heaven, I mean. Somehow I just can't picture Gar drifting about in a white robe with wings on his back floating from cloud to cloud. Oddly enough, though, I do think they have beer in Heaven. Otherwise, Charlie wouldn't want to go there, and I know he does. Ever since Garrett died that's all he talks about; seeing Gar in Heaven one day. But I don't want to think about that now. I'll ask Edward what he thinks. I go over to the window and climb out, careful not to fall. The roof slopes to the backyard, but it isn't all that steep since the house is built on a hill. Garret and I used to slide down the hill when we were kids. I broke my arm while sledding once. It was the only time I ever saw Garret blubber over me or get really scared. My mother was down the street at her friend Maggie's and Gar carried me all the way to her house, running hell bent for leather, crying and gasping as he rounded the block. "I'm sorry, Bella. I'm so sorry. I pushed you too hard. It's my fault. Please be okay … you gotta be okay!" But I don't want to think about that now. I do want to be careful, though because I don't want myparents to have to bury another kid. I don't ever want to see my father cry again. That's my worst fear; dying before they do. I can't ever get killed or cancer or murdered or anything that will take me away from them while they still have a pulse. It's a big responsibility; I am accident prone and I always talk to strangers. Luckily, cancer doesn't run in my family, but with my fair skin I could get melanoma, so I stay out of the sun. So does Edward. If I am fair, then he is an albino. Well, not technically, but he is pretty pale. I see his face now in the moonlight. He looks like a star. I step out onto the roof and sit down next to him. "What did you bring?" "Oreos. And Jasper." Jasper is, was Gar's cat. He's almost 18 so I guess it won't be too much longer before I'll be burying him too. But I don't want to think about that now. "I thought you couldn't stand the smell or the sight of them?" "What,Oreos or Jasper?" I giggle. Edward smirks, "Oreos." "I can't." "Okay," he says. Edward rarely questions and never judges. It's my favorite thing about him. Well, that and his eyes. They are ginger ale green. Not pale like the soft drink, but green like the cans or the bottles. My mouth goes dry thinking about those eyes. I'm thirsty, but not for soda. I want to drink in those eyes. But I can't; it's not like that between us. "What about you?" "I brought his favorite car." He hands a tiny matchbox car to me and places it carefully in my hands. Its wheels are still caked with dirt and grass. I notice that someone wrote the letter E on the side with a black sharpie and then crossed it out and wrote the letter J. I look at him quizzically I like to use big words sometimes; it makes me sound lofty. See what I mean? Lofty. It's a nice word. I've always found comfort in words. "It used to be mine," he admits with a shrug. I raise my eyebrow at him; technically he is breaking a rule. We are only allowed to bring something that they truly owned and loved, or a memory. Memories are tougher to share, just sayin. See, I am not like Edward; I question and judge everything. It's always been my problem. "I gave it to him because he hounded me for it all the time. We played cars every afternoon when I get/got home from school." I nod my head, accepting. "You ready?" "Yep." He brings out a small candle from his pocket along with his silver lighter, the kind Grampa uses, and lights it with a sharp flick. "Letthe meeting of The Dead Brothers Club commence." He blows the candle out with a big huff and the light, sparks, flickers and goes out almost as quickly as it flared. We've been having these meetings every Thursday for the last six months. I was at my brother's wake, waiting for the people to leave and the tears to arrive, but they never did. Well, the people finally left (God that took years) but the tears stuck in my throat and never rose to the surface. I finally managed to pull myself out