Title: Honor Summary: Love can find us in the strangest of places or perhaps at the most extraordinary of times. As the Cullens celebrate the life of Esme and Carlisle's son, James, Edward discovers that his little brother sent a present that just might change his life. Pairing: Bella, Edward Rating: T Word count: 3871 Mr. and Mrs. Cullen, It is with great regret I must inform you that your son, First Lieutenant James Hunter Cullen, is considered missing in action. His plane was reported shot down over Afghanistan. Search efforts have been initiated . . . Of course, there had been more to the letter - the appropriate praises and the assurance that all resources would be utilized to continue looking for Jamie until he was found. But while those promises served as a thread of human hope for Edward's family, the well-worn letter remained in a place of honor on his mother's kitchen countertop. It sat right beside the tattered bible she read from every morning over coffee where she implored a power higher than humans to give peace to her family, to bring Jamie home in some way. Edward could quote the entire letter. He'd read it a hundred times, but it was those three sentences he recited in the darkest of hours. Jamie was his baby brother by many years. An "Oops Baby," Edward, Emmett, and Jasper always liked to tease their mother and father. It was no secret the Devil-May-Care Jamie had been conceived on a second honeymoon; one his parents had planned to celebrate surviving ten years of parenting three headstrong, rambunctious, and energetic boys. Emmett had been twelve when Jamie was born. Jasper was eleven. He and Emmett were Irish twins. Edward had been nine, just about to turn ten, when his father placed a squalling blue eyed baby in his arms and introduced him as James. But although the difference in their ages could have led to a distance between them, the three older Cullen boys had taken Jamie under their wings and molded him into a hellion . . . a hellion who had thought nothing of applying to the Air Force Academy and graduating with honors to go on to be a combat pilot. Afghanistan and the war had been his next great adventure . . . until the day his plane had been shot down and he'd disappeared from their lives in the same blaze of glory in which he'd arrived. Laughter from the pool area reoriented Edward, making him aware he'd been gone too long from the party. Alice and Rose, Jasper's and Emmett's wives, would come looking for him soon if he didn't return. They'd brought friends hoping to play matchmaker, but Edward was doing all he could to avoid the possibility. He'd just secured a position at the University of Washington's Medical Center as a trauma surgeon, joining his hero - his father. After years of giving up everything to gain an internship that he could turn into a gold ticket, Edward wasn't ready to be forced into finding his mate, as his brothers and father like to call their wives, no matter what his mother and sister-in-laws thought. He'd had relationships, ways of satisfying the itch of a healthy male, but nothing to carry home. He had faith he'd meet the right one when the time was right, and he was in no hurry, regardless of how much his mother might want that time to be now. Maybe when Jamie came home Edward would get his brother to set him up. Jamie always had a knack for finding the best women, ones you could trust, like, and lust over all at the same time. After smoothing the tear stained letter against the cool marble of his mother's countertops, Edward moved to join the party, grabbing the fruit bowl and chips he'd been sent to retrieve. He'd gone only a few steps when the doorbell rang, diverting him from returning to the Fourth of July celebrations. Hoping beyond hope it wasn't another cute blonde invited by Rose, Edward set the food down to serve as the family's greeter. No. Was the only word he could think when he opened the door to find the two men in dress blue uniforms, their hats placed upon their heads with military precision, white gloved hands stiffly at their sides. No. Mr. and Mrs. Cullen, James was not only a good pilot but an outstanding Air Force officer. As his commander, I can assure you I've never met a finer man. Although it will bring you little comfort, I would like you to know that I considered him not only my soldier, but my friend . . . Major I. Swan United States Air Force Major Swan's letter had been more comfort to the family than the commander could realize. Although, just like the original letter from the Air Force, Edward latched on to just three sentences to recite in the darkest hours. The Cullens had been given only small pieces of information when Jamie went missing, but upon the confirmation of his death, more of the story had been divulged. Jamie had been flying with his squadron of F-15 Eagle fighters on a routine mission when they'd fallen under enemy fire. Major Swan had attempted to divert the attack from the fleet, but had been hit attempting to help Jamie. Both had gone down and had been considered missing in action, although the Cullens hadn't known a family so close to them, only a couple of hours away in a small town named Forks, had been suffering the same fate as theirs . . . waiting. A group of Marines, looking for gun caches, had uncovered far more than the weapons. In a small dark hole in the ground, they'd found Captain Swan along with Edward's dead brother. How long Jamie had been dead the authorities wouldn't say, but Edward wondered what horrors the commander must have experienced during that time. All the family knew was that Commander Swan had been taken to Germany to be treated for injuries. Edward suspected Post Traumatic Stress as well. Now, almost six months later, the Cullen family prepared to bury Jamie's ashes. It had been a collective decision. Christmas was Jamie's favorite time of the year, so they'd delayed upon receiving his cremated remains. The plan had allowed the extended Cullen and Platt families to converge on Seattle. Jamie's friends from high school, the Academy, and even some of his squadron mates had come from all across the world to be at his remembrance ceremony, although to call it such was really a misnomer. It was to be a party, one Jamie would've been proud of. A fitting tribute to the boy who'd refused to grow up in many ways. Yes, there would be the speakers, the traditional casket covered with the flag, and Jamie's handsome picture in his dress blues smiling at them from beside it, but then there was to be a celebration of epic proportions. Their father, Carlisle, had rented an entire hotel to assure no one had to travel afterward. While decorum was necessary, they would be celebrating Jamie in true Scots-Irish – true Cullen – fashion. The only blight was that Captain Swan had not been deemed medically fit to appear, or so the Air Force officer who would be speaking had informed them. It seemed the Captain had raised a fit to be released early in order to attend Jamie's funeral to no avail. Edward and his family had surmised the Captain had quite a temper from the way the Air Force official had flinched during the telling. No matter, Edward, Emmett, and Jasper fully intended to meet Captain Swan, to spend time with the person who'd been with Jamie in his final hours. What Captain Swan could share with them, they weren't sure, but it was important to the Cullen brothers to show respect to Jamie's commanding officer. The taps of drums and the eerie cry of the bagpipes brought Edward's mind back into focus. Jamie's funeral had turned into a spectacle with the city of Seattle "honoring" their fallen son. It didn't hurt that Carlisle's brothers and cousins were or had been firefighters in the city for generations, that Emmett was a captain in the fire department, and that Jamie had served as a volunteer in his high school days and vacations from school. As such, Jamie was receiving the full due of a military and firefighter's funeral. Pulled by two black horses, the cart carrying Jamie's flag-draped coffin began its trip down Ninth Avenue behind the fire trucks and bagpipe/drum corp. For his final journey, Jamie was surrounded on three sides by the males of the large and extended Cullen family – kilts and all. It had been a long time since Edward had worn the tartan, but it felt good that he, his brothers, and father could tease each other about bony knees and cold balls – a favorite pastime of Jamie's. Their uncle, Aro, had won the unofficial competition for knobbiest knees. Although the old curmudgeon had given Emmett a middle finger salute for the distinction, it had been the inference Aro must be wearing flannels under the kilt that had earned Emmett a slap to the back of the head. No self-respecting Cullen would wear anything under his kilt, even if an occasional snow-flake floated with the confetti already raining down on them. Tap. Tap. Tap. With the first notes of Amazing Grace from the pipes, the journey began. The nave of the church was so crowded Edward doubted there was room to breathe. So many people had come to honor his brother and family. Beside him, his mother, Esme, lay her head against his father's shoulder. Further down the row, Emmett and Rosalie sat comforting their children, as did Jasper and Alice. While he could have felt left out, Edward took solace in the love of his family and friends. What surprised him was the multitude of uniforms present from other branches of service. Sure he'd known a fallen soldier was considered a loss for all branches of the services, but for the men and women to come on such a wintry day, for this ceremony, had surprised him. Jamie would have enjoyed this. Not that he was being recognized, but that so many had come together for a celebration of life. The priest stepped to the podium and began, the words rolling gently over Edward as he remembered his baby brother and reached over to take his mother's hand. The ceremony flowed with sweet remembrances and humor as those who'd been called on spoke. The man from the Air Force rose to conclude the service, but a gun-shot like bang at the back of the cathedral drew some flinches and everyone's attention. A low murmur of voices grew before the cause became apparent. A young woman, in the dress regalia of the Air Force, was being pushed forward in a wheelchair by a beast of a man. Native American, his long black hair fell down his back, his size only accentuating how tiny the woman was. The stir her appearance caused was emphasized as several of the men scattered around the cathedral stood in salute. Edward was mesmerized as she drew closer. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. Her dark brown hair twisted under her military issue hat, and a crisp white blouse was offset by the blue of the narrow string tie and jacket she wore. The blue highlighted the creaminess of her skin, making it appear like porcelain. The skirt ended at her knees, showcasing one leg wrapped in braces, the other ending – after what appeared miles of smooth flesh – in a flat blue slipper. Dark eyes stared ahead at Jamie's casket haunted by memories Edward wasn't sure he wanted to know. The murmurs across the cathedral grew when the