This document beta'd by the discerning Reldern WARNING: This story is very AU, as will be immediately obvious to anyone with any sense at all. If you want to know more about the setting, you could read Like a Red Headed Stepchild (also by me) and figure out why. Or, you could just read this story and enjoy the "mystery" of why Lockhart is behaving the way he is. Note that this is not a crack-fic like Red Head is. This is more Indiana Jones meets The Dresden Files with Gilderoy Lockhart as the star. -mugglesftw Monster Hunters Extraordinaire: The Life and Times of GIlderoy Lockhart and his Companions By Edward Lupin Edited by Hermione Weasley Published by Quibbler News Group Forward by the Remus Lupin Many have heard of the legendary monster hunter, educator, writer, and philanthropist Gilderoy Lockhart, but few know the man in truth. The tales of his exploits have of course been collected in the various works by none other than the man himself, and of course in various publications chronicling his escapades as well. At the time, few knew the truth of his story. A the story of a man who the man born as Gilderoy Lockhart was, and who, in time, he would become. Of the dramatic death and rebirth of Lockhart the Man that centered on his time as a Hogwarts professor. It was during this time that I begin to know Lockhart, as he passed on his wisdom in teaching at Hogwarts (and in dealing with the infamous Weasley clan). As time went on, we began to exchange letters concerning the various magical creatures of the world. I would come to author somewhat less fictionalized books regarding the events of Lockhart's life, and I began to know the man behind the public facade. He entrusted me with his deepest, darkest secret. Those letters eventually fell into the hands of my son, who set about with the task of writing the true history of Lockhart, in the form he would most have approved of: a highly fictionalized and dramatized novel, that covers his adventures, retirement, and those who would carry on his legacy. I think he would be proud. Chapter 1: Banishing the Basilisk Deep in the highlands of Scotland, the redoubtable halls of Hogwarts echoed with the sounds of a distant train whistle that faded into the distance. House elves appeared, running about and picking up the various forgotten items of the departed students, and setting out a small banquet for the exhausted staff. Through the doors of the Great Hall stumped a man with a stiff leg, leaning on a cane, his crimson lined cloak billowing dramatically behind him. He flashed a smile at the head table, where an exhausted deputy headmistress was already slumped with a glass of firewhiskey. "Ah, Minerva! Celebrating the departure of the students already?" Gilderoy Lockhart said, hobbling forward and easing himself into a chair. A house elf hurried forward with a stool, and Lockhart groaned as he propped his injured leg upon it. "Just trying to recuperate," Minerva McGonagall said, straightening up a bit to study Lockhart. "I do have to thank you again, Gilderoy. Why, if you hadn't gone into the Chamber with the Weasleys, I don't know what would have happened to poor Ms. Lovegood." Twirling his pencil thin blond mustache, Lockhart shrugged. "Well, that is what I am known for, isn't it? I must say, Banishing a Basilisk was one of the more challenging tasks I have been given, but I accomplished it. With the aide of the students, of course. That young Hermione Granger was most helpful, along with the rest of the Weasley clan of course. I think we can expect great things from them." "Great headaches more like," McGonagal growsed, pouring a glass of whiskey for Lockhart and refilling her own. Before long the rest of the staff trickled in, along with a scruffy looking man that Professor Dumbledore brought with him. "Ah, GIlderoy. Still set on departing for Central America are you?" the old headmaster asked. Lockhart nodded. "Indeed. It has been a most pleasant year here at Hogwarts. Passing on my skills, filling young minds with knowledge. But alas, after facing that beautiful creature, the Supreme Danger Noodle, I once more hear the siren call of adventure. There are rumors of a nest of chupacabras causing havoc in Sonora, Mexico. I aim to put a stop to that at once." "Well, that is a shame. You have been a tremendous asset for this entire school, Gilderoy," Dumbledore said. Professor Snape, for his part, muttered "Good riddance to bad rubbish," and glared at Lockhart over the rim of his own goblet. Lockhart gave Snape a wink. "Still jealous of my glory, Severus? Think you could have bested the Serpent of Slytherin yourself?" "If you and a bunch of moronic gingers could overcome the thing, I don't see how it could have been a challenge to any competent wizard, Lockhart," Snape snarled. The scruffy stranger cleared his throat. "Forgive me, Severus, but I have to disagree. A basilisk is a very dangerous creature, perhaps eclipsed only by a nundu in its threat to a wizard one on one. I have examined the corpse myself, and I must say that it has to be the largest on record. The fact that Mr. Lockhart survived with only a minor injury to his leg is nothing short of incredible." "Hardly credible at all really," Snape muttered, but everyone else ignored him. "Forgive me sir, but I do not have the pleasure of your acquaintance," Lockhart said, nodding to the stranger. "I would rise and offer to shake your hand, but alas; I cannot." "Excuse my rudeness, this is Remus Lupin. He's here to take over as our next Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor," Dumbledore explained. "A pleasure," Lockhart said, smiling amiably. "You've got quite a challenge before you. The students here are nothing if not energetic." Lupin flushed, and McGonagall suppressed a wicked grin. "I ah, I am aware of the various...antics...that members of the student body get up to, Mr. Lockhart. I am, after all, a Hogwarts alumni myself." Lockhart nodded amiably. "Class of '82 myself. I think I remember you, now. Gryffindor, right? Friends with that villain Sirius Black and the Potter boy. You were what, four years ahead of me?" At the mention of Sirius Black, Lupin's face went blank. "Yes, I was aquainted with those gentlemen." Lupin cleared his throat. "I'm afraid I don't remember you from our school days, however. I've read your books, and while I find the accounts somewhat incredible, I must say your work here proves that any doubts I may have had were ill founded. I would love to see your lesson plans." "I'll have one of the house elves give you a copy of my notes from my office," Lockhart said, taking a sip of whiskey and sighing as he rubbed his still sore leg. "I must confess, however, that my novels are not entirely accurate accounts." Lupin's eyebrows shot up as most of the rest of the professors chuckled, having already heard this story. Snape, for his part, continued to sulk in the corner. Lockhart was not fond of Snape: his dour expression and lack of good hygiene betrayed his lack of character in the immaculately groomed Lockhart's opinion. "You see, I write my books not to convey facts, but to tell a good yarn," Lockhart confided. "I've even had to play around with the timeline of events to maintain narrative focus on an individual hunt. Take, for example, Wanderings with Werewolves. The real account of how that particular battle ended was, necessarily, rather gruesome. Would that the homorphus charm did work as I described! It would be a cure for lycanthropy, and save the poor souls afflicted with the disease a great deal of pain." Lupin flinched at the mention of werewolves, but he nodded. "Yes, I had noticed that. I take it you had to put the poor man down?" Lockhart nodded sadly. "The poor fool begged me to do it, actually. Initially I resisted, but the book is true in the regard that he was threatening a poor young girl at the time of our final confrontation. It's nearly impossible to subdue a werewolf in a short amount of time without using lethal force. Alas, I was forced to slay him. No wrestling, of course, though I did hit him with a stout branch to drive him away from the girl. I find the ending where he is driven off, confronted with his humanity, to be much more satisfying. The grim reality of the tale is something we could all do without." "That's a small mercy I am sure his soul is grateful for," Dumbledore said kindly. Lupin hesitated, then nodded. Grinning, Lockhart raised his glass. "But let us not dwell on unhappy hunts. My next adventure awaits me, and tonight, I wish to celebrate with you all. For at least in our tale, everyone did go home safely! To happy endings!" "To happy endings!" everyone cheered, raising their glasses on high. The next morning, Lockhart put on his traveling cloak, and bid Hogwarts farwell once more. "Do write to me concerning your exploits in South America," Lupin said, shaking Lockhart's hand at the castle gate. "I'm sure the students will be interested to hear how you deal with those chupacabras." "Of course, of course! And let me know how the children are coming along," Lockhart said. "I've an especial interest in the Weasleys. They're going to great things, I tell you." Lupin agreed, and the men parted as friends. Lockhart hoisted his truck, and raised his wand arm. A moment later, the Knight Bus appeared. "Where to sir?" the drive asked as he stowed Lockhart's traveling chest. "Plymouth Port, my good man. I'm for the Westfall and the Americas." The long bus ride did not disturb Lockhart, who spent most of the trip writing furiously despite the jostling. While his parchment ended up somewhat ink spattered, his suit and cloak had impermeable charms and Lockhart was fastidious about keeping his skin free of unseemly blotches. "Plymouth Port!" the drive called, and Lockhart waved his wand. Storing his pages safely away in his sea chest before grabbing his ivory raven headed cane and hobbling off the bus. He tipped the grateful drive three sickles, and tossed the bus boy and extra for helping Lockhart haul his chest onto the dock. "One for the Westfall my good fellow," Lockhart told the ticketing agent. "And someone to help me with my chest would be appreciated. Bit of a game leg, you see." The agent nodded, turning around and yelling, "Oi, boy, get out here and help this man onto the Westfall." A moment later, a greasy haired youth darted out and struggled with Lockhart's chest, hauling it towards the distant gangplank. "Here child, a bit of a featherweight charm should help," Lockhart said, waving his wand and causing the chest to float gently in midair. "Thank you, sir," the boy said, nodding gratefully as he easily tugged the chest towards the ship. He paused, looking up with Lockhart and squinting slightly. "Say, I think I've seen you before." "I should hope so! For it is none other than I, Gilderoy Lockhart, Monster Hunter Extraordinaire, who stands before you." Lockhart struck a bit of a pose, hiding the wince as he put a bit too much weight on his still sore leg. Damned basilisk venom. Lockhart's hand went to the small vial inside his jacket, stroking it slightly. Fawkes the Phoenix had been kind enough to fill the vial with tears before Lockhart had departed. A bezoar would have been expensive to obtain, and phoenix tears were even better against poisons and venoms than that little cure all. "Wow! I heard you was at Hogwarts this year, fought a basilisk with the Girl-Who-Fought-Monsters herself!" The boy grinned wickedly and lowered