Author's Note: many, many thanks to Cressida and Astara for their enormous help and support! And equally many thanks to my incredible source of inspiration for this one, a lovely and most...interesting horse named Losk. He is also the source of my own bumpiest rides to date. "Stupid horse!" The Steward and his wife, engrossed in a thick volume of sketches on Elven building crafts – a magnificent book loaned to them by the Queen – both looked up and then at each other with knowing smiles. Before either of them had time to comment on the exclamation that had drifted in through the open window, little Helmir said with conviction, barely looking up from his colored wooden blocks, "Stoo-pid horse." Éowyn shook her head, amused. "The child spoke those words before he ever learned to call for his mother or father. Ithilwen will one day make a perfect teacher of languages of far-off lands, should she choose so." As if to confirm her words, Helmir looked up, nodded and said, "Il'wen. Stoo-pid horse." Faramir laughed and went to the open window. "Ithilwen!" he called. "Come here, child, I want a word with you." The window faced the large orchard, which already boasted a rich harvest of sweet cherries. That was the chief reason why it had looked such a pleasant retreat for Elboron, Ithilwen, five or six other children of the household, and Prince Eldarion, who was accompanying his mother during her stay at the Steward's abode. The Queen was expecting a child and had chosen to spend the last weeks of her pregnancy away from the constant hustle and bustle of the White City. Some of the children could be seen sitting comfortably on the ground, lazily chewing on the large, juicy, yellow-pink cherries and participating in a somewhat half-hearted contest of who could shoot their stones the farthest; others, judging by the rustling up in the tree crowns, were either replenishing their supplies or finding treetops a much more interesting place for eating. Ithilwen alone was sitting aside and looking more ruffled than a child should after picking cherries. Her hair was tousled and full of grass, with one braid undone, her dress rumpled and stained with green, and her face a very angry shade of red. Several yards away, a light chestnut horse was standing, eyeing the girl carefully. The stout, short-legged gelding was not one of Éowyn's splendid breed mounts; his appearance was that of a farmer's trusty helpmate, equally good for drawing wheat-loaded carts and for carrying his owner a mile or two to the neighbouring village for a nice mug of ale with an old friend. Those were in fact the tasks he had been purchased for, and he had been not been at Emyn Arnen for even half a year. Still, he was not completely devoid of a certain grace and held up his head in a truly regal fashion and with not a little smugness – especially as he was looking at the huffing Ithilwen. Meanwhile, the girl took great care to shake the blades of grass and small twigs out of her skirt and hair; Faramir waited patiently, smiling to himself. Indeed, all children acted alike when trying to postpone a rightful scolding. At last, Ithilwen slowly walked toward the window. "Am I right in assuming that you have tried to mount Chestnut, and he has thrown you again?" Faramir asked. "Yes, Father," Ithilwen replied sulkily and viciously kicked an innocent molehill. "But…but I really thought he would let me ride him this time!" A head appeared from the thick tree crown nearest to the house. Upon closer examination, it turned out to be Eldarion's. "Lord Faramir," he started with vigour, ever-loyal to his unfortunate friend, "it did look like he would! He followed Ithilwen here, and ate all the cabbage leaves she gave him, and kept nuzzling and licking her…" Faramir raised a hand, and the heir to the throne of Gondor thought it better to hide his head in the foliage again. "That is not what I would like to discuss," the Steward said. "The last time this happened, not a week ago, Ithilwen promised her mother and myself not to attempt to ride Chestnut unless supervised by a grown person. Is that not so?" Ithilwen merely sighed, hanging her head. Faramir beckoned her inside. "It is very clear that you cannot yet control this horse on your own, Ithilwen, and this makes you riding Chestnut very dangerous," said Éowyn when the girl entered the room. "You have only had lucky falls so far, but what if you break a bone? 'Tis not the time for you yet to ride that animal." "But Mother!" Ithilwen jumped up in protest. "I am not a little baby like Helmir and I can ride well!" "Not so well in this case," Éowyn pointed out. "With horses, it is not always a matter of mere skill. You have to learn to make the animal obey, too." Ithilwen looked quite indignant. "So…so I must just stop trying with Chestnut? Mother, you would never have done that when you were little!" Faramir looked at his lady with a smirk. Their daughter had found a good argument. Éowyn, however, was undaunted. "You are wrong, Ithilwen," she said calmly. "If a more experienced rider had tried to dissuade me from dealing with a particular horse, I should have listened. Do you know the reason, child? 'Tis because I had been taught at a very early age that it is not enough to learn to sit on top of a horse as it walks under you. Riding means discipline; for the mount and for the rider alike." "I am not undisciplined!" the child cried, stomping her foot angrily. Her parents sneaked a quick glance at each other and smiled. "Not keeping promises is undisciplined enough, child," Faramir said. "Please understand, we are simply concerned for your safety. And neither your mother not I mean that you are a poor rider. 'Tis just that Chestnut, for now, needs a stronger and bigger person to ride him on his own. But, most likely, once you spend enough time riding him under supervision, he will learn to see authority in you too." Éowyn nodded. "Your father is right, Ithilwen. You know what? Helmir is ready for his nap now, so I shall go and put him to bed, and then I will go with you and we can do some nice riding. I daresay Chestnut will not dare to show his antics in my company!" Ithilwen gave an uncertain smile. "All right, Mother," she said. "And have a good nap, Helmir!" The little boy, now in his mother's arms, flashed her a smile and said, "Stoo-pid horse!" As it turned out, the riding lesson with her mother succeeded in mollifying Ithilwen a little. Chestnut did indeed think twice before he would attempt any of his tricks in front of the Steward's lady, who, much as she loved his kind, did not hesitate to deal out hearty smacks to his much-valued rear end while making him gallop for what felt miles and miles. For that reason, he seemed to reconcile himself to carrying her little daughter too, albeit grudgingly, although he looked and acted as affectionate as the most loyal of puppies once she produced a cut-up apple as his reward. The horse licked and nuzzled the child, the child laughed and petted the horse's soft nose, the Lady Éowyn chuckled, and life looked full of peace and joy again. The idyll lasted for nearly a week, with the Steward, his lady, and occasionally young Bergil (whom Ithilwen had secretly but firmly resolved to marry when she grew up, and therefore especially welcomed as her riding teacher) finding the time to assist her in mastering the "Stoopid Horse." For times when none of them was unoccupied, Éowyn suggested to her daughter a small grey mare. The creature was wonderfully docile, but sturdy and fast, and had once been named Wind Cloud. However, Bergil had once said, by way of jesting, that a name like Lump would suit a horse of her size much better, and that very instant the younger inhabitants of Emyn Arnen had unanimously declared that they preferred it too, for such were their ways with any opinion of Beregond's brave young son. And then one day, as Ithilwen was proudly walking Lump through the back garden, with Beregond's youngest daughter Lindisse mounted behind her, she heard from afar the soft rustling of the grass under the hooves of another horse, and soon Chestnut appeared beside her, also carrying two. The two were her brother and Prince Eldarion, and Ithilwen felt a pang of jealousy mixed with annoyance. Both boys eyed her a trifle uneasily, plainly wishing they had ridden another way and saved everyone the unpleasantness. However, Ithilwen's weakness lasted but a moment. She straightened herself up proudly and gave the newcomers an almost defiant smile. "Riding out, you two?" she asked conversationally. "We are!" Eldarion replied with an enthusiastic nod. "The cook says there are ever so many wild strawberries on the edge of the forest, so we want to gather some and ask him to bake some pies for supper." "Oooh!" little Lindisse exclaimed. "Can we come too?" "Hmm, I don't see why not," Elboron said. "That way, we shall pick more berries, and more quickly, too." Lindisse's mind immediately turned to practical matters, as was her wont. "We must get some baskets, then," she announced. "What for?" Elboron said. "Chestnut is carrying saddlebags, in case you have not noticed!" The girl laughed. "But you cannot carry strawberries in saddlebags, silly! They will be all squashed! Wait, let me run to the house and find some…hmm, jars will be best – those we can put in the bags!" The rest all agreed with her, and some ten minutes later the two horses were carrying a merrily chattering company away toward the edge of the nearby forest. After a short while, Ithilwen's jealousy returned. Elboron rode Chestnut almost indifferently, hardly even having to dig his heels into the horse's rich golden-brown sides, and yet the gelding trotted cheerfully on without as much as a hint at any of the antics he played with Ithilwen. Elboron eventually noticed his sister's distress. "Don't you worry about the stupid beast," he said encouragingly. "When you are a little bigger and stronger, you will show him which one of you is the master. 'Tis just that he needs a heavy hand at times." Ithilwen sighed miserably. "Mother says the same," she said. "But he doesn't seem to like me very much." "Oh, he likes you all right," Elboron laughed. "He simply doesn't see a rider in you yet. But he will – mark my words, he will!" The edge of the forest with its promised patch of strawberries proved a big disappointment. It was indeed covered in bright indented leaves, but the berries were few and far between. Apparently, the boys had not been the first to think of a strawberry pie. Eldarion heaved a sigh of frustration. "There is barely enough for us to get a good taste," he grumbled. "You should not have worried that the strawberries would be squashed in saddlebags, Lindisse: there is nothing to squash!" "That is because this spot is so close to the house," Elboron pointed out. "If we rode a little further around there," he said, indicating a distant clump of bushes to his left, "we should definitely find more." "But that is too far!" Lindisse protested. "It looks close, but it isn't, just like always when you are in the open. We shall not be able to see the house, and no one will see us, and…and we are not allowed to wander out of sight on our own." Elboron grinned. "Oh, but we are not wandering . We are riding," he said. "Besides, what dangers could be there this close to