Tani, 18 Golden swirls of glitter are glued to my face to match my stunning gold dress, which ends just below my thighs. Black satin gloves reach up to my elbows while my hair drapes gracefully down my back. I look truly beautiful, and yet I feel nothing. Because my best friend isn't here to see it, and there's absolutely no one else I want to show it to. I don't want sponsors. I don't want allies. I don't even want to win. I just want Iskandar back. "Your outfit doesn't fit?" I ask Kenneth, who has spent the last thirty minutes analyzing himself in a full-length mirror as we wait in the District 1 dressing room. "It fits," he says without ever taking his eyes off of his body, encased in a golden tuxedo. "But does it capture the shining light of godliness that my soul emits?" I smile to myself at his egotistical stupidity. My smile fades the minute he turns his shark's eyes on me. "Take off your dress," he demands. "What?" I ask in horror. "Take off your dress." "...No," I tell him, stunned. "This tuxedo covers my chiseled body. I need something that shows more skin, like your dress. I have the thighs to pull it off, Tani. Switch with me." "It's my dress, Kenneth." "So?" "So it's not yours. " "I don't understand." "It belongs to me!" "Tani, if I want something, that makes it mine." "I'm not switching with you!" "I can't believe you're speaking to me this way! I want you banished! Banished for eternity!" He points his hand at me dramatically, as if he expects lightning to come shooting out of it. This is going to be a long night. Revlin "Lin," 15 Silence. It's been so hard to find these last few days. I knew I would find it here, though. I always find it here. A cool rush of air conditioning hits me the second I enter the library; I take a deep breath, inhaling the beautiful smell of pages and pages of knowledge. My feet immediately take off for the non-fiction section. The Dewey Decimal System, my old friend, leads me once more to the treasure I seek. I pause at the number I've been looking for. 616.8 Psychiatric disorders. I pull down a green book labeled Psychiatric Disorders and the Mentally Ill Mind by Howard Overly. As I pull the book out, I discover behind it a human skull. "Don't ever accept a dinner invitation from a man holding a human head on a platter," it tells me in an eerie voice. "That's a mistake you can't make twice." "Hello, Keir," I say nonchalantly, returning my gaze to the open book in my hand. "How'd you know it was me?" she asks as she steps around the bookshelf to stand before me, a living skeleton. She looks like an x-ray; her stylists appear to have painted her body a deep, midnight black before adding a layer of glow-in-the-dark paint in the shape of her bones. A human skeleton from District 6, the medicine District. As far as costumes go, it's not bad, though it does lack the sex factor. Every other District portrays their female in a scantily-clad, prostitute-looking outfit that'll really make the men go wild, while Keir looks like a little boy in her costume. "I knew it was you," I explain in a bored voice. "Because you spilled chocolate frosting on your ribcage. Chocolate frosting generally comes from chocolate cake. Chocolate cake is a comfort food. Your abrasive personality and generally uncaring attitude suggests some past psychological trauma has caused you to scare others away before they can hurt you. As a result of this, you're a very lonely person. Hence the comfort food, hence the chocolate frosting spilled carelessly on your wildly expensive outfit." Her face contorts in an odd mixture of shock, hurt, embarrassment, and annoyance. I mentally record this reaction for later analysis. "Gee, good job, nerd," she says sarcastically. "You read that in your stupid book?" "I read that in several of my stupid books," I respond calmly and without lifting my eyes from the book currently in my hand. "Whatever. Everyone's looking for you." I wait a moment before turning slowly and cocking my head at the talking skeleton. "They should be," I tell it. "I'm quite late." "Well, they're really pissed. I heard the Gamemakers talking about punishing you in the arena. Blowing your big fat mouth clear off your face, stuff like that. So good luck with that." She spins on her heel and stalks angrily to the door. "Hey, Keir?" I call after her. She turns and waits in annoyance. "Did you come here just to warn me?" "Don't flatter yourself. I had a little studying to catch up on." She lifts her hand to show me a small, red book she somehow picked up without my noticing. The Karma Sutra. "I haven't done the position on page sixty-seven yet," she says matter-of-factly, as though we're discussing something banal and mundane instead of her sex life. "And page ninety-three has a very... detailed diagram that I've been dying to look at with a magnifying glass." "...You're very vulgar," I say after a moment. She smiles proudly before slipping out the door. But if I've learned anything about Keir Rori in the past few days, it's that she's already been over the Karma Sutra with a magnifying glass. Several times. In fact, Keir Rori is the kind of person who probably has several dog-eared, very worn copies of such a book. She certainly wouldn't need to visit the library to pick up yet another copy. Come to think of it, Keir Rori is not the kind of person who visits a library. Ever. Period. Which means she wasn't here for the book. Which means she was here to warn me. Which means she doesn't want my big fat mouth to be blown clear off my face. Which means... What? What does it mean? Saren, 12 Revlin is missing. His orange prison jumpsuit hangs on the back of our dressing room door, untouched. Handcuffs hang off of my left hand, one cuff open and empty, waiting to imprison Revlin's wrist. "This is a disaster!" Lemon, our escort, shouts at me. "You two are supposed to be two prisoners! Without him you're just one prisoner!" "Astute observation," Revlin commends sarcastically as he steps through the door. "Revlin!" Lemon shouts. "Where the hell have you been?" "Out. Perhaps you should arrest me?" He slips into the orange jumpsuit in mere seconds before offering me his hand. I click the empty cuff onto his right wrist, and our costume is complete. District Two always goes with a Peacekeeper outfit. This year, our stylists decided to portray us as the other side of the law, their thinking being that Peacekeepers are scary, but prisoners are scarier. And who doesn't like a rebellious bad boy? Revlin will probably kill out there. But putting a fifteen-year-old boy in a prison jumpsuit is quite different than putting a twelve-year-old girl in a prison jumpsuit, and I get the feeling I'm not going to be half as popular. Marilynn would have had a good laugh over how silly I look. But then, wiping tears of laughter from her eyes, she would have fixed it. Because that's what she was: a fixer. She would have poured drawn pink skulls on my jumpsuit and doused me in glitter. She would have made me look cute, like a little girl playing dress-up. You see, when someone dies, it's not the Christmases and birthdays without her that kill you. It's the moments when you get the most incredible news, and you immediately dial her phone number, only to remember that she isn't going to answer it. It's the time you cut your finger and know that it absolutely will not stop hurting until she kisses it. It's every morning that you wake up and know that she isn't here anymore. That she's nowhere. Because of Weston Shepp. There are no sleeves on our jumpsuits; they've been torn off to make us look tougher, so all that remains is some jagged fabric above our shoulders. As our stylists come in the room to paint tattoos on our shoulders ('I Love Mom' for Revlin and a ferocious red dragon for me), a plan begins to form in my mind. District 6 has to pay, one way or another. That's clear. I can't kill Weston, but I can kill his tributes. And I will, for Marilynn. Angus and Keir might as well have targets on their heads; they're marked, and their time is running short. Angus lives with his head in the clouds; he's a sitting duck. I can take him out in the first five minutes. But Keir is bold, and seems to have nothing to lose. She's a weasel, and I have to be sure not to underestimate her. Luckily for me, my District partner is something of a genius when it comes to analyzing other people. "I need to kill Keir," I confide in him as soon as we're alone in our chariot. It's nearly pitch-black around us, our only light coming faintly from two strips of blue lighting that glow softly on the floor. We're inside a long, dark tunnel, waiting for the doors to open and let all of the chariots through. "What?" he asks quickly, turning his head to stare at me in alarm. "I need to kill Keir, and I want you to tell me how to do it." "...Why Keir? Out of everyone else, I mean?" "She just... she threatened me. And I'm afraid." Something changes in his face; he sees right through my lie. I should have known. Revlin Trent is not someone who can be lied to. "I wouldn't know," he tells me calmly after a moment. "I haven't been paying attention to Keir." A lie for a lie. I suppose that's fair. I know he's been watching Keir. He's been watching all of us. He already knows how to kill each and every tribute, and the Games haven't even started. Alice, 12 "I'm afraid we can't do the lights show," Rollo tells our escort, Andre. "Don't be silly," Andre says, waving off Rollo's concern. "It'll look adorbs." "It's a blatant safety hazard. If our clothing catches on fire, we could suffer burns all over our body. It says so right in the manual. Caution: do not wear lights on clothing. Doing so could result in- " "You're being a major buzzkill, sweetie." Andre squishes one of Rollo's chubby cheeks with his fingers. "...I'm afraid we can't do the lights show." "Omg, I am, like, seriously gonna lose it if you don't put your costume on right now !" Andre yells, throwing his perfectly manicured hands into the air in exasperation. "That isn't the proper usage of the word 'like.' It's actually only used when-" "Nobody cares," Rafael says, cutting Rollo off as he walks lazily through the door. "Kid, you gotta put the costume on. You're embarrassing the hell outta me. All up and down the hallway people are laughing at the weirdo from District three who memorized the warning label on a box of lightbulbs. " "It's a safety concern," Rollo tells him simply. "And I just can't budge when it comes to my own personal safety." "Rollo, do you not understand that you're about to go into an arena to fight to the death? Fuck safety!" Rollo inhales sharply and his face turns bright red. "You said the F word!" he whispers angrily at Rafael, who rolls his eyes. "Okay, here's the deal," Rafael says, turning to Andre and taking charge. "Rollo will wear the lights if, and only if, the little girl is carrying a fire extinguisher the whole time." He points to me. "Are you insane?" Andre asks furiously. "Sounds reasonable to me," Rollo says with a shrug.