I'm finally putting this story back up. I don't have all of the chapters, but I'll put up what I do have. Hope you enjoy! Pictures of the characters can be found on Tumblr, under the username essevideri. District 1 Iskandar Samir, 18 A loud bell ringing through the training facility of District 1 awakens me. With a yawn, I climb down from the vent I sleep in to avoid any physical activity whatsoever, and listen as a voice comes over the loudspeaker. "Attention, District 1. Training has ended. All citizens are to report to the district center for the reapings immediately." Oh, for crying out loud. They hold those things at the most inconvenient times. I open the door to the supply closet and slip out into the hall, only to bump into a skinny girl with a headband. "What were you doing in there?" she asks me curiously. "Getting… cleaning supplies. Why do you care?" "I heard strange noises coming from the vents. I followed the noises here, to this supply closet. And now here you are, coming out of said supply closet. It's suspicious, quite frankly." "Who are you?" "Tammy Harding." "Well, it was great talking to you, Sherlock Holmes, but I've got to get going to the reapings. See ya around." I slip around the girl and sprint off through the large double-doors in the training facility, across the outdoor track, and into the district center. I arrive a few minutes early and curse my promptness; I had plenty of time to grab a quick snack. But soon enough, they're calling the boy tribute, and I hear a very familiar name. "Iskandar Samir!" What? …No! No . I refuse. I refuse! Even as I'm dragged to the stage by the peacekeepers, I vehemently refuse. They expect me to train? And then go to all the trouble of an interview, a chariot ride, and that ridiculous prepping process? And to top it all off, I'll have to fight off twenty-three losers in an arena with no beds, no vending machines, no videogames? I'm just about ready to declare that things couldn't possibly get any worse when they announce the female tribute: Tamara Harding. The weirdo who stalked me outside the supply closet. Fantastic. Just stupendous. District 2 Katerina, 17 My sister is dead. I rejoice. I watched Lorelei, the skank, flirting with that Sylvester boy the entire Games. And my family had the audacity to cry when her cannon fired? For crying out loud. They should have been singing with joy; now they can focus all of their attention on the good daughter, Katerina. Me. People never cease to astound me. Duval, 16 Operation Whoopee Cushion was supposed to go off without a hitch. The whoopee cushion is classic because, no matter how overused it is, it never ceases to embarrass the victim. Ever. It's foolproof. This is why I placed my stash so strategically around District 2 – it would provide me with endless enjoyment throughout reaping day. But, no. They just had to pick my name out of the reaping bowl. Katerina, 17 I volunteered. I volunteered to prove to everyone, once and for all, that I am a winner. Not to mention the fact that Lorelei besmirched the family name when she lost last year's Games so ungracefully; it's up to me to fix that, and make sure everyone understands that the Draven's are, and always will be, on top. District 3 Remi, 17 "Ray-mee! Ray-meeeeee!" Alice whimpers from the back room. I snatch her pills from the counter and sprint to her side; no need for water, she's an expert at swallowing pills by now. "It's okay, Alice," I soothe, spilling several pills into her tiny, cupped hands. "I'm here now. It's okay." She sighs, a runaway tear escaping down her cheek, and takes the pain medication. I vaguely wonder what would happen today if she were to be reaped; would they put her in a wheelchair and push her into the arena? She would die immediately, I know that. What I don't know is, would the Games be a better end for her than rotting away the rest of her life in this bed? "I don't want to lie here anymore," she whispers as she closes her eyes. "I know, Alice. I know." But I don't. I don't know anything. The doctors can't even tell us what's wrong with her; she's sick, that's been obvious since the day she was born. But why? And what on earth will cure her? The Capitol. Surely, if I were to win the Games, they would do their best to heal her. I would pay every doctor in Panem to fix her; I would slay every tribute in the arena to take away her pain. But I know that my chances of winning the Games are slim, and then where would Alice be? Alone in her bed, no one to care for her. And that? That is something I could never put my little sister through. Alise, 14 "Do you have your whistle?" Father asks. "Always," I tell him, pulling the black cord around my neck; hanging from the necklace is a wooden whistle, shaped like a mockingjay. A joke, you see: I am a mockingjay, a little bird that you must always keep your eye on, for you never know when I may sing a mocking tune behind your back. "Good. When you get back from the reapings, I'm going to test my new toothbrush out on you." "Excellent, Father. When I return." I dart out the front door and down the street. As I head to the reapings, I pass the laboratory where my father works; his desk lies somewhere inside, covered in spinning toothbrushes. My father is a genius, always inventing new items to be used around District 3. I am his assistant, running around the laboratory, seeking out the tiny screws and bolts he orders. It is an acrobat's act, leaping over electric fences, ducking under miniature helicopters, dancing across malfunctioning robotic floors. The laboratory is always filled with inventors and their various inventions, and simply entering the door often turns into maneuvering a dangerous obstacle course. As such, my eyesight and acrobatic abilities are nothing to be laughed about. I contemplate this as the reapings begin and the male tribute is called: someone named Remi Adlanji. I don't really start paying attention until I hear my own name called. My head snaps up; have I done something wrong? Why are they singling me out? "Alise Lune?" the announcer calls again, and suddenly I understand. I've been reaped. Well, doesn't that just beat all? District 4 Virdiana "Vi" (pronounced 'Vie') My fishing boat rocks gently as I get closer to the pier. Nymera will be impressed with my haul today, and I know that her parents will be pleased at the money. It's not as though they make me pay them, they don't even ask. But ever since the fight I had with my parents, I've been living with Nymera and her family, and I feel more than obligated to give them all of my earnings in return. "Vi, you done?" Nymera calls from the dock. "Yup, just finished!" "Well, hurry up! The reapings are today!" As if anyone could forget. I tie up the boat, leaving the fish behind to deal with after the reapings. Nymera and I walk to the reapings together, chatting all the way. Avenaye, 17 My knife spins as it sails across the room and sinks into the dummy's thigh. "Is that the best you can do? You pathetic waste of breath! Take a lap!" "Aye-aye, captain!" I shout in my best soldier voice, giving the trainer an exaggerated salute. "They don't pay me enough to deal with you." "You seem very stressed. Can I offer you a free massage?" "Don't touch me, Avenaye." "It's nothing sexual, sir. Just pop off that shirt of yours so I can lather you up with oil and run my hands over those handsome muscles you've got there." "Avenaye, I swear… if you don't get out of my sight right now, I'm going to snap your scrawny little neck and-" "I'm not gonna lie, sir. I'm open to you putting your hands anywhere on my body, even my neck." "I cannot take another year of this," my trainer murmurs, more to himself than anyone else. "Avenaye Darwin, you're going to volunteer at those reapings." "But… I still have another year." "I'm telling the Mayor that you're ready for the Games this year. And I don't think I have to remind you how angry he gets when time is wasted." "You aren't going to miss me?" "I'm praying you'll die in the bloodbath." "Well, okay. If you really think I'm that good…" "Your ability has nothing to do with it," he mumbles. "What was that?" "Get out." I blow him a kiss as I skip out the gym door. This whole mess started four years ago, when a couple of peacekeepers caught me sneaking around their barracks with a bag full of firecrackers and a dead fish. And they automatically jumped to the unfounded conclusion that I was up to something. I'm not used to being caught, so I was a tad nervous in regards to the punishment I might receive; I got off pretty easy, if I do say so myself. District 4 has been somewhat lacking in male careers lately, so the Mayor offered me an alternative to whatever other punishment he was cooking up: train for the Games. I laughed all the way to the gym. Virdiana, (Vi), 17 The male tribute is called, but then the village idiot decides to volunteer for him. Nymera and I snicker quietly; Avenaye, climbing up on the stage barefoot , for crying out loud, will certainly not be receiving any sponsor gifts from District 4 in the arena. "Virdiana Rayne!" Our snickering ends abruptly. District 5 Jango, 17 I'm awoken by a rat sniffing my face. "Get off!" I shout, waving my hands at the vermin. "Get out of here!" I stand, brushing any rat droppings from my clothes – a black shirt covered in dirt, torn jeans covered in grass stains, and a filthy red leather jacket I found in the trash. Ducking my head to avoid slamming into an attic beam, I climb out the broken window and down a rope ladder, the only way in or out of my apartment. Home sweet home. "Calvin!" I call excitedly as I see my friend crossing the street. "Calvin, what's up?" "Did you pick up my dry cleaning?" "Sure did, buddy!" "Great. Make sure you leave it on my bed when you clean my toilets today." "You got it, friend-o! So, listen. Are we hanging out later?" Calvin gives me a strange look. "Uh… no. I'm really busy, Jango. Maybe some other time." "…You always seem to be busy." "Look, I gotta go. Don't forget my dry cleaning." "Gotcha!" I shout, giving him a thumbs-up as he sprints away. That's me - Mr. Popular. I'm pretty much the coolest guy in the school. Everyone's always telling me we can hang out sometime. Jealous? I think so. I head into town, whistling as I swing open the door to the bookshop. "Good morning, marvelous Madelyn!" I cheerfully greet my girlfriend, who's standing at the counter reading a large book. "…Hello Jango," she murmurs so quietly that I barely hear her. "How about a good morning hug?" I reach to put my arms around her, and she cringes away. "Please don't touch me," she breathes, terrified. "Right. I don't want another 'sexual harassment in the workplace' lawsuit, do I?" So I was exaggerating just a teeny bit when I called her my girlfriend. I just sweep her mother's bookstore. But I'm working my magic on her, and I get the feeling that she's got a major crush on me, so things are definitely looking