So, I am back though with an unoriginally originally plot… Makes sense? Hope so. Anyway, I was in the process of looking for a plot to work on while I go through a big part in my academic life. I'm in the last year of school right now. About seven months away from my final exams, so expect me to go missing for about two months in about six, though I should give an update on that in the future. I still really enjoy writing and I never really fell out of it, I just only recently got a laptop, as in last week from when I'm writing this (about a day relay for you guys). Right, onto more pressing matters, the story is my adaptation of 'Life Goes On' I was originally going to just replace that chapter with this and keep going, but, the memories would have been lost with it. So this is the product of my fondness to the original version. Hope that clears thing up a bit. I would have responded to reviews in the update in Life Goes On, so without further ado… Disclaimer: This is not the owner you are looking for. Third Person POV Percy sat under the cool shade of the tree as he raised his trusty blade to eye level. He watched his blade gleam wickedly as he contemplated ending his life. He sighed as he brought the blade to his heart. He pointed the tip towards his unprotected chest and closed his eyes as he prepared for his death. He closed his eyes and plunged the sword, but to his dismay all he felt was the cap of a cover pen slam into his chest. He growled lightly and uncapped riptide. He tried twice more but to no avail. "Come on, why won't you just kill me!" Percy yelled. And to his surprise the blade dulled a bit, as if it were sad. He looked at the sword in shock before he placed it onto the ground. He got up a stretched "Fine, if you won't kill me, I'll find a monster who will" He said, his eyes dull and lifeless. The cracks in his soul were visible through his eyes. He looked away from his sword as he turned ' Are you really going to give up hope demi-god?" A soft soothing voice entered his head . "What do you think awaits you on the other side?" He knew immediately that the voice was only in his mind as he was forced to deal with the voice at every crossroad he stumbled upon "Are you sure that it is better than the life you live now?' He knew that it wasn't Janus nor was it Hecate due to the voice being a females and way to gentle to be that of Hecate's. "Just leave me alone already! I don't care anymore!" He yelled to the voice as he spun around with his hands in the air "All I know is that it will be far better that this shithole I'm in. I've already lost every fucking thing. Why wait till the gods take the rest? Why wait to watch the last things keeping me sane leave me too?" Percy screamed as he collapsed to the ground. Memories of the last week he spent worshipping the gods. The last weeks that drove the former Hero of Olympus to his knees. That drove him from his home. The last weeks that broke him. He curled into a ball as he gripped his head, trying desperately to stop the memories. A woman appeared behind him a placed a hand on his shoulder. " Let it happen, Perseus. For this will be the last challenge you face in your life. The last crossroad you will encounter." She said as bright copper light shone from her hand and flowed onto the young hero's body. " Now remember and when you wake you will be given a choice. To end your life or to let your Life go on " That was the last thing Percy heard from the woman before he fell into a deep sleep. Flashback Percy Jackson was the happiest he had ever been in his life. He was ecstatic, he was overjoyed. Why? Because the wars were over, he had finally overcome the Gaea in the second Giant war with the help of Nico and Thalia. The three combined their powers and forced Gaea to sleep in Tartartus. He smiled widely as he pulled his girlfriend closer to his body. He enjoyed the feeling of her so close to him and the heat she gave off. He always joked that it was because she was so hot, but then Annabeth would always ruin the moment with some sciency reason and call him a sea weed brain. He sighed lightly as he decided to listen to Zeus as he saw everyone else sit up straight and start to pay attention "Now it is time for the rewards. Unlike last time, we will start with the best. Thalia Grace, my daughter, Nico Di Angelo, son of Hades, and Percy Jackson, the timeless son of Poseidon." Zeus said with a large grin on his face. I quickly pecked Annabeth before I approached his throne with Nico and Thalia. We all bowed to our parent and Artemis –in Thalia's case- and waited for the King to offer us our gifts. "For your service to Olympus, killing Gaea, mother earth herself. We would like to offer you all the chance of becoming gods. We will also grant each of you one wish; it's only fair for all that you three have done for us." Zeus boomed. I turned to Nico and Thalia and we all decided against it, for we still had something to live for. We all denied and the council smiled at us. "We were expecting that," Zeus began "we know you don't have a wish at the moment so you can come back anytime you wish to for both your wish and the opportunity to become Olympians if that is your desire." Zeus finished with a rare smile. Those in attendance were all stunned at the new attitude the king had shown. It was as though he respected the demi gods in front of him, an achievement in its own right. Percy smiled after his initial shock and went Annabeth side. He reached for her hand, but she pulled away quickly as she was called up. "Annabeth Chase, Piper Mclean, Jason Grace, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang and Leo Valdez, please step forward. We offer you immortality as well; a chance at godhood after your bodies become accustomed to being immortal. Do you accept?" Percy smiled as he thought about what he was going to do after the meeting, where he would take Annabeth, all the fun they could have now that all the pressures of the wars were gone. He remembered all the times his father had appeared in his head and trained him; if it wasn't for his dad he would be dead right now. He made a quick mental note to visit his dad as soon as he could too. He heard a gasp echo around the room and was snapped back to reality. He looked around to see everyone looking at him worriedly. He stared back confused before he looked in front of him to see Annabeth with a slight glow to her. His smile vanished and he became mortified. He stepped away from her as though she were had become Kronos himself. "Why?" he asked, choking the words out as he fought back the tears. The rest of the seven also glowed, but they all looked at Annabeth in shock, except Leo. "You always had a chance at becoming a god and you shot it down. I will not be a seaweed brain like you and do the same. Besides, if you truly love me, you will accept godhood to be with me." She replied confidently, though she had a smug look about her. "You know I can't. Mom is pregnant and Paul is sick. I can't just abandon them like that. And what about all our Friends at camp half-blood?" Percy asked. Annabeth smirked for a split second then she covered it up with a sad expression. She failed to realise that Percy had caught on to it. He had known her far too long and he knew something was up. "Well I guess this is where we must part, Percy." Annabeth said. Percy looked at her like she was crazy. He shook his head, trying to wake himself from this nightmare. He looked towards Aphrodite and saw tears in her eyes and she pointed to Annabeth and Leo and crossed her fingers. Percy stopped shaking his head and nodded sadly. Annabeth failed to notice the exchange due to her back being turned as she shot Leo a grin. This only added more insult to injury. She smirked again for a second before she smiled gently. "Can we at least still be friends?" she asked as she thrust her hand out for a hand shake. Percy's head was down, and when he heard those words he just started to laugh. Tears spilled from his eyes and hit the ground with a surprisingly loud thump. He laughed such a dry and humourless laugh that the demi gods stepped back subconsciously and the gods shifted in their seats, clearly unsettled. His head suddenly drooped as though his spine had turned to rubber, his laughter slowly died down. The room was silent, minus the repeated sound of the tears of the broken hero. His hair, which had grown shoulder length, fell freely over his eyes, giving him a look of malice and a nightmare. The gods shifted in their seats. They knew conflict would rise after the daughter of Athena accepted, they were slightly anxious about what was about to transpire. They knew all they could do was watch anyway, though each gripped their symbols of power tightly. They could only wonder who else saw the exchange between Percy and Aphrodite; it was kind of hard to miss after all. "I dragged you out of Tartartus, saved your life countless times in both wars. You took a knife for me, a fucking knife! And all along the mighty Percy Jackson, Hero of Olympus, TWICE, survived a battle with Kronos and Gaea. Defeat countless Giants with the gods. And now here I am, falling prey to love. Cause I fell for a bitch, a dirty cheating whorish bitch!" He said in such a low voice, he was barely heard. His head suddenly snapped up, surprising the demi gods and gods alike, they all expected a harsher tone form the son of Poseidon. Annabeth looked startled before she recovered and yelled back "So you mistake my love for you as me cheating?! All I wanted was for us to be together forever!" "THEN WHY THE FUCK DID YOU SCREW AROUND WITH LEO!" Percy yelled back and she froze. The throne room got dead silent. His eyes darkened tremendously and all his tears rose off the ground and flowed to him before it began to circle him. His eyes narrowed and the water began to slowly solidify and condense on either side of him. On his right, ice floated mid-air, breaking apart and reforming into sharp knives. On his left, the water condensed into vapour and began to heat up and cool suddenly, causing the temperature to constantly change. In front of his body, the water remained as a liquid. Tension began to build in the air, as Annabeth stepped back into Leo, who wrapped his arms around her and they backed away. "So, it's true." Percy said in a dangerous tone. The water in front of him turned to a blob and a thin cord shot out from either side and connected the blob with the vapour and the Ice, which was