Disclaimer: I don't own the speech, nor do I own the characters. Nothing is mine. Thanks for reading. Reviews are love. -Taryn(: When A Government Gives You Voice I'm a tired woman, without family. The ghost of District 12, living out my days with an old drunken man and geese. Alone, I walk around the rebuilding district. I watch as my home grows and heals and learns, as I dwindle uselessly where I am, in constant grief. For the mistakes I made I am angry. For the injustice of others I am inconsolable. For the loss of my sister and so many others, I am knocked breathless with pain. But still, I live, in some blur of life. Waiting, I suppose. Waiting for such a very long time. For what? Someone? Maybe. I'd always thought Peeta would come back to me, but he hasn't. I've long passed my twentieth birthday and I have not seen his face since.. the war. I have not seen Gale since my eighteenth birthday, where he invited his wife along with him, and I was forced to sit before them, at the table with tea and a dull gleam in the back of my eyes. Because whenever I looked at Gale I thought of Prim. And when I think of Prim I want to fall to the floor, sobbing. After they left, Haymitch came over, equally broken, to pick up the pieces. Literally hauling me to my bed a floor overhead. I don't remember much after that, only that I took a liking to alcohol. It helps. Haymitch's technique of forgetting is a valid one, if not temporary, with lots of side effects. Still, I wait. For what? Something? Perhaps. I'd always thought I would never become my mother. Yet, it seems I have. I am just as deaf and blind as she had been, though I have ears to listen with and eyes to see with and a mouth to speak with, I have no sense. Prim took a piece of me with her, and that was the only piece that kept me standing, because the Games and the war had torn away all the rest. I had depended on that piece, but it was burned away, just as the skin along my shoulder and collarbones and arms were. The day I stop waiting is a cold December afternoon. I am only half sober when Haymitch comes trampling up my stairs. He's excited, or as enthused as Haymitch gets, and he is telling me something about Peeta. At first his words are not stringed together correctly, so I think that he is saying Peeta is here. And my heart leaps into my throat. Because what am I going to say? Is he hoping for love? Do I love him? I don't feel anything, so how can I know? Except, that's not what Haymitch is telling me. Somehow, this afflicts the briefest amount of disappointment in me. That emotion quickly fading behind a flair of pain that Haymitch causes by dragging me by the wrist down the stairs, into the living-room, where a television is on, Greasy Sae sitting in front of it. Haymitch takes a place next to the woman who has determined herself my caretaker. I try to retreat, because whatever Haymitch wants, he's drunk. This is stupid. I hate televisions. They remind me too much of.. then I glimpse what Haymitch was mumbling about this whole time. Peeta. Strong, burly, healthy Peeta stands within a line of people. People I know. Johanna is there. Gale, too. Delly and a soldier with the uniform of those from District 13. Most of them are smiling, except Johanna, who leans around on her toes uncertainly, then leans heavily into Peeta's arm. A stab of unimaginable jealous hits me at the sight of her small hand slipping into his and clutching the fingers there. This is where he's been. Instantly I don't want to watch more. Already that seems too much for my simple and pained mind, but I pause in my fleeing, at the sight of Peeta dropping Johanna's hand. He walks easily toward the podium of the stage. For a moment I take in the background of this scene. An enormous crowd. The new flag and seal of the nation plastered everywhere. Even on Peeta's suit there is a pin of the new governments seal. The new President and his wife step aside when Peeta accepts the man's summon. I feel myself sinking into the coach beside Haymitch as Peeta waves at the cameras and citizens, a smile stretched across his aged face. He's older, in many ways, in the way his smile crinkles skin around his dramatic blue eyes. In the way his nose looks, as though it's been broken once or twice before this day. The large unnatural V between his eyebrows as he begins to speak; a speech, I realize. "What is this?" I ask. "It's the day before the new millennium, Katniss," Greasy Sae informs me softly. "They called many times to invite you, but you never wanted to hear the messages I had written for you. The President wanted a remembrance for the Rebellion and the past, as well as a hopeful outlook to the future." Then it's a good thing I didn't go, I think. I would butcher the whole thing. I would tell them horrors about the war that many people might grow physically sick at. I would tell them there is no hope. That this is a hateful world where nothing is safe or good, not truly. I had thought Peeta good, and he is not, not really. I had thought Snow evil, but even he had shown intelligence, some.. sympathy, if you will, for the nation when concerning President Coin's rise in power. He didn't want the nation to fall prey to her. He gave Panem that kindness, at least. So really, I find that I do not care much for recollections and o utlooks , except.. again, I am stunted at how beautiful Peeta speaks. How easily he does. And only Peeta could make this event worth while. Only the stupid, crazy boy with the bread could step up to that microphone and gather people to his attention without effort. Make the words flow so sweetly, sound so right, that even I roused myself from my bed, at Haymitch's insistence, and I continue to watch the television program. Peeta speaks; "Mr. President, Mrs. President, members of government, Ambassador Heavensbee, Excellencies, friends: Four years ago, a young boy from the small, dismal District of Twelve, woke up, not far from our beloved New Capitol, in a place of eternal infamy called District Thirteen. He was finally free, but there was no joy in his heart. He thought there never would be again. Liberated a day earlier by District Thirteen soldiers, he remembers their rage at what they saw. And even if he lives to be a very old man, he will always be grateful to them for that rage, and also for their compassion. Though he did not understand their ambitions, their eyes told him what he needed to know – that they, too, would remember, and bear witness. And now, I stand before you, Mr. President – a general, once, of the army that freed me, and tens of thousands of others – and I am filled with a profound and abiding gratitude to the people of District Thirteen, as well as those rebels within other districts. Gratitude is a word that I cherish. Gratitude is what defines the humanity of the human-being. And I am grateful to you, Katniss – or Miss Everdeen – for what you did, and for what you have sacrificed to the world, for the children in the world, for the homeless, for the victims of injustice, the victims of destiny and society. And I thank all of you for being here, and mean it sincerely, when I say I wished the Mockingjay was here with us today, as well. We are on the threshold of a new century, a new millennium. What will the legacy of this vanishing century be? How will it be remembered in the new millennium? Surely it will be judged, and judged severely, in both moral and metaphysical terms. These failures have cast a dark shadow over humanity: the Dark Days, the Rebellion, countless civil wars, the senseless chain of assassinations – of the last remaining victors, the Snows, generals of District 13, Capitolites, – bloodbaths in District 2 and Old Capitol, District 7 and District 1, the New Lands, and the islands off the coast of District 4; the inhumanity in the gulag and the tragedy of District Twelve. And, on a different level, of course, The Hunger Games. So much violence, so much indifference. What is indifference? Etymologically, the word means "no difference." A strange and unnatural state in which the lines blur between light and darkness, dusk and dawn, crime and punishment, cruelty and compassion, good and evil. What are its courses and inescapable consequences? Is it a philosophy? Is there a philosophy of indifference conceivable? Can one possibly view indifference as a virtue? Is it necessary at times to practice it simply to keep one's sanity, live normally, enjoy a fine meal and a glass of wine, as the world around us experiences harrowing upheavals? Of course, indifference can be tempting – more than that, seductive . It is so much easier to look away from victims. It is so much easier to avoid such rude interruptions to our work, our dreams, our hopes. It is, after all, awkward, troublesome, to be involved in another person's pain and despair. Yet, for the person who is indifferent, his or her neighbor are of no consequence. And, therefore, their lives are meaningless. Their hidden or even visible anguish is of no interest. Indifference reduces the other to an abstraction. Over there, behind the electric gates of the districts, the most tragic of all prisoners remained. District Dwellers as they are now called. Wrapped in their torn blankets, they would sit or lie on the ground, staring vacantly into space, unaware of who or where they were, strangers to their surroundings. They no longer felt pain, hunger, thirst. They feared nothing. They felt nothing. They were dead and did not know it. In District Twelve, I remember the way things worked. The Seam where many died a day. And the ways of life might have seemed better from afar, from the safety of town and the bakery, but I know now how the other districts suffered. From cold winters, or the unavailability of clean, drinkable water. The treachery of their own mayors. Peacekeepers who raped and stole and whipped at will. We may have starved, from indifference of food, but the other districts were equally starved; starved of their own humanity. Or the victors! Who would go to these abhorring arenas and return. Just another broken artifact to add to the shelf of many other children who have experienced the same. They slipped between the cracks. The very soul of indifference, even to this day. So rooted in our tradition, some of us felt that to be abandoned by humanity at those times, was not the ultimate. We felt that to be abandoned by the rest of humanity was worse than to be punished by them. Better an unjust people than an indifferent one. For us to be ignored by our neighbors, friends, was a harsher punishment than to be a victim of their anger. Man can live far from his governments – not outside them. The Capitol was wherever we were. They saw. Knew what we felt. But to be pushed aside, put to work, ignored in our cries of pain.." For the first time in Peeta's speech I glimpsed the unstable boy I had last seen, a glint in his eyes, a look of disgust and loathing so profound on his