A/N: Long time no see, I know. This story is a treat, but it's not strictly speaking my story. It was given to me by a friend, ElsterBird , and I've loved reading all that she already had. Mostly, it's just me being a supreme editor and posting it here, so do send her thanks or praise for the story if you are so inclined. It's not one of my usual stories, which is refreshing to me and hopefully for any readers out there. Reviews are love, let me know if you want more. Thank you for reading. Monday, far too late in the morning Shit, shit, shit! I race down the apartment building's front steps as fast as my aching knees allow me to. When I had stormed out of my room earlier this morning I fell down almost half of those stairs. And of course, like a bush-league cliché movie would suggest, I had forgotten to close my bag so all my paints and brushes flew through the air and scattered on the steps around me. I still wonder how I'd managed to land in a big pool of yellow paint; my butt looks as if I'd been sitting on a banana – or worse. On top of all that I'm late – very late – for art school, on the day we had to take our final painting exam; one of the most important tests of the year. We'd been working on different painting styles to prepare for this exam for the last eight weeks and, even thus, I'd felt fucking incapable to begin with. I know how to handle pens and pencils, graphic tablets and even coal, but I'm hopeless with paint. I'm pretty amazed how the paint manages to find its way onto my face more often than on my canvas. I'm not stupid or inept, don't get me wrong, but I simply have no talent for painting. Every time I admitted this out loud Gale would sigh and repeatedly say, "You don't need talent to paint. You just need more patience and the power of observation. That's all." Yeah, sure . His comment might have had kind intent, but I have the patience and the power of a hunter, and it doesn't help me a whit. I hate acrylic paint, and it hates me, but this test is important, so one or two weeks before the final, I'd panicked. I'd gone frantic; Gale had even given me some tutoring lessons (after begging), sometimes even at the inconvenient times late in the night because of my work shifts (hardcore begging), but I could not get the feeling for bright or dark and warm or cold colors altogether. Everything I did just turned out like shit. I couldn't even mix a proper black and that's supposed to be easy. I mean, just mingle the right proportions of blue, red, and yellow. You can even check if you're right when you mix white into it. If the color turns out grey, you're right. Mine turned out pink, every fucking time. And today, the day on which I finally had to prove myself, to put Gale's tutoring and all my sleepless hours mixing colors to good use, I'd simply overslept. Four hours! Obviously I was paying for those sleepless hours in a way, but god, how could I have let that happen? I do a lot of dumb things, but usually I had the good sense to set an alarm and oversleeping was never a problem. Actually, I'm somewhat the queen of calculating. My days are filled with constant precarious limits; How many lessons could I be absent from without being expelled? How many lessons could I skip without failing my subjects? If I'm ever late to school, it's because I'd planned it. Planned! "Ha," I muttered under my breath, pushing through the entrance door. Since when does anything go as I planned? By the looks of me one might think I'm a lazy schlep or something, but that's not the case. If I cared to move other by pity, then I'd probably mention the fact my father died less than a year ago and I am unable to visit classes as often as the others do anymore because my family depends on my wages and I need to work at night and sometimes even during the day. I knew there were programs for such things, but I couldn't really be moved to do all the paperwork, nor would I risk losing my little sister, Primrose, to foster care. I wasn't sure what they'd do to check on my home life, but I'm fairly certain they'd notice my mother lying unfailingly in her bed with the vaguest expression in her face you'd mistake her for the living dead. Of course, she was not as amusing as a zombie out of the comedy "Shaun of the Dead" – she was less so. At least those zombie's had a passion for something (living flesh, or no) while my mother existed in a state of permanent unmoving, her only companions grief and misery. Don't get me wrong, I love my mom – make that loved , with many grudging undertones – but when she'd decided to bury herself in a coma of depression, refusing to seek out medical assistance out of cowardice, I knew that we did not only lose our dad. She'd abandoned us, much worse than he had, willingly, and I'd never forgive her for that… and now I see her shape underneath the blankets as nothing more than a nuisance. And all I feel towards her is shame. Shame towards the fact that she can't pull herself together to help her own daughters and shamed at myself at the fact that I can't accept the things how they are now. I can't even talk to her about being a coward on my own, nor motivate myself to drag her unwilling to a hospital, and face the medical tidal wave of bills and troubles waiting there… I'm a chip off the old block, aren't I? And honestly, I hated pity too much to use it in order to move my teachers into easing up on me and so as a result I'd given up precious time in school, in order to work and sell and provide, and everything I did was to guarantee my sister a good life. Well, a better life. At the rate things are going now, after this missed final, I might as well have dropped out weeks ago to find a proper full time job as I'd begun to consider. What better life can I give if I fail out and have no back up plans or jobs waiting for me? I can't believe I overslept! This final exam literally decides the outcome of my education. No. My entire future even! What was I thinking not setting an alarm? Why had I agreed to stay for a four a.m. shift? Crane, my boss, might be strict, but I could have begged another girl to cover! I slam my bag down on the bus seat, angry at myself and frustrated with the sun rising steadily in the sky. As I'm staring out of the window and praying for a miracle I realize that the paint on my jeans hasn't dried fully yet, smearing the leather beneath me. I need to get out of the bus before the driver realizes. Before anyone realizes. Else I might have to pay for it – and that's not going to happen. And really, it's not like anybody would take the time to look over me. My hair's disheveled (messy braid style, my forever go-to I'm late hairstyle) and it's unwashed since yesterday morning. To think about it, I haven't even looked into the mirror this morning. I try to flatten any flyaways as I sit, and I try to puzzle out if I've still got yesterday's makeup on. I hope my pillow got it for me… However; just my luck, today they're actually looking instead of ignoring my existence. With sharp, annoyed glances or curious unguarded stares that I try to ignore. At least I know now that my pillow is a shitty makeup remover. It's dully noted. I try to rub my eyes clean blindly, hoping it'll help. I end up arriving to the correct classroom around four hours late, breathless. Miss Trinket, the instructor, is frantic the moment I shut the door behind me. "Everdeen!" she trills. For fuck's sake her voice is shrill. "You're far too late! What are you thinking?" I mutter my apology, distracted with trying to find a place to sit down (and hide my butt), but Effie has a different plan and cuts me off. "There's no way you can start the final now. You're just a distraction to the others who actually care about their future," she chided. What? She's going to deny me the chance to take the test? Is that allowed? I know if I don't get this grade in the books I'll fail this class and by that factor I won't be able to graduate. I'd planned on coming today! Really, I swear! "Miss Trinket, I'm really, really sorry, but... –" I try to apologize more sincerely, but I know it's in vain. Her gaudily makeup slathered face is pinched with that familiar look she reserve especially for me. Effie hates me and I don't mean it in the 'I'm the student that skips and makes her days harder' way. Ever since I'd dumped her son, Cato, (he didn't even care to tell me he'd been her son at all, not until the next day her usual chirp was gone) Effie has made it her mission to undercut me in everything I do. Apparently gradating will be one of those things. Cato : another dark chapter of my past. Why is it I am still paying for that? "No buts, Everdeen! Out with you! You're disrupting your classmate's peace and concentration. Out, out." She ushers me toward the door with her hands and legs like I am nothing more than a mutt. About halfway there I forget my protests and storm off, and it takes all my will power not to shatter her own snobby, high-heeled peace with a decisively aimed middle finger. Well, shit. This is it. I'll never become a director, because just now, I've failed one simple art class. I sit down next to the coffee dispenser a little ways down the hall to the classroom. What should I do? Could I go get some paints from Madge and simply improvise? I know the paintings aren't graded in this school. This art school is merely a necessary pre-stage to get into the actual University. Our works would be judged at UZH, University of Zürich, by some committee. Thinking about it now… I could just ... smuggle my work in, without Effie's knowledge. I've never heard of anyone doing that before, but why not? I don't have anything to lose. I don't have the time or money to re-enroll and re-take the class, and I know the University doesn't look kindly on kids who have gone through the pre-program twice. I could… just cheat, I guess you'd call it… by smuggling the work in, so it's not technically counted as late… or missing. Am I really even considering this? It's not a crime, is it? Who would take the time to care about one desperate student? There's no full scale investigation for this kind of stuff… and worse goes to worst on what they could do to me I'm sure it is just fail me and kick me out – but I'm already facing that reality. Again, nothing to lose… Cheating it is, I decide. So, being late and kicked out of the classroom aside, I still need to paint. But what? I throw my head back in disbelief. Fuck, I don't know what they were painting.