A/N: Beware, this story is slowly tapering toward, with every chapter that passes, angst. There is cuteness and romance, but only second to tragedy. I can't tell you for sure if there will be a happy ending, only that you should stick with it to see. Yes, this is based off of that one chapter I wrote in another story, and it's very different. I am trying a new writing style. What do you think? Worse or better? Thank you for reading, sorry for typos. Reviews are updates. -Taryn(: Chapter One She is in class, merely minding her own business, her gaze transfixed on the window. There is nothing that suggests this day is different from any other day of her life; she will finish this hour, take the papers, shove them into her threadbare rucksack and then find Primrose, walk home with Gale and his brother.. normal. A normal, unextraordinary day, without surprises. Except, she hears this cough. Not a fake I'm-trying-to-get-your-attention sort of cough. Just a cough. Loud and hacking and thick. Katniss' face tightens on the surface, disgusted, memories flooding her mind, of the sick her mother takes care of. And she isn't and probably never will be a healer, but there is something horrible about that sound . She opts to ignore it. Until it just doesn't stop. A cry of a consistent crow; caw, caw, cawing . The teacher pauses in the lecture, concern etched into the face of a man who'd never taken the time to frown at the starving children from the Seam before. This captures her as strange and she turns her head, to see – and yes. She is right to assume. The girl is from Town, the blonde hair, which usually is falling down her back in curls, tied on the top of her head messily, and her pale skin strangely sallow. Everyone is watching her, bent over herself, turned to the side of her desk, two hands clapped over her mouth, chest heaving , shaking, retching. She is trembling and crying, and Katniss feels the first prickle of concern touch her beyond her careful mask of indifference, and she sits a little straighter in her chair. "Delly," the teacher starts, haltingly, and it clicks in Katniss' mind. Delly Cartwright . That's why she looks so familiar – despite the fact that she should have known instantly. They've shared a grade after all, and Delly is particularly kind, smiley, and uncaring of prejudice between the Town and the Seam. Though it is not ignorance or unwillingness, or even prejudice within herself, that made her not recognize the long friendly Delly. It is the appearance. The presentation that is not.. right . It is Delly, herself, thinner than she was, somehow pastier, smiles stolen from lips well-made for them. The girl waves one of her hands at the teacher, vague, dismissive. Still coughing, cawing, cawing . Every inhale Delly manages is fleeting and probably painful, and thick .. almost.. liquidated. She is gasping and her eyes are running, and she says her words between each sharp sound from behind the hand held awkwardly over her mouth, "I – need – please.. excuse – me ." She stands, and doesn't touch her books or bag or wait for permission – which is wrong, very wrong, because Delly always has permission, Delly isn't rude or disrespectful or rebellious – and she flees the classroom. Everyone is quiet. Someone rises from their seat. Her eyes dance to see who, and then regrets it, when she recognizes Peeta Mellark, moving across the classroom, after Delly. He's stopped at the door by the teacher, who commands him to sit. Which he does, grudgingly. The teacher turns to the class, narrow-eyed and tells them to behave, and then slips out into the hallway. Almost instantly, as if the room is some sort of teeter-totter, half of the students on one side of the room transfer to the other, doubling up at the desks of their friends, and whispering and chattering and worrying about Delly. Some aren't though, some laugh, some talk about how awful she looks today, how they wouldn't dream of showing up today, looking like her. Their shallowness makes her feel sick in her stomach, angry , because Delly never says anything remotely near what they are whispering about her, and Delly is sick , and hurting and they are uncaring; but she won't get involved. The people of Town have always ignored the starving Seam, so she should be used to their impassivity. It is only.. that she thought.. expected .. a certain degree of decency. The people from the Seam truly aren't their friends, aren't within their social or economy circle, but – but Delly is . She is one of them. And it doesn't matter. At least in the Seam, they look out for one another. It isn't conditional, or specific to only these few. It is a general respect for where they come from, no matter how much they hate it, and it is understanding, and compassion. She doesn't know why she is thinking this; it helps no one, doesn't feed her family, and she can't very well pretend to be Delly's best friend. No. But there is someone, who is. Her head tilts slightly, as subtlety as Katniss can, and angles her eyes toward the opposite side of the classroom, across the way, where she knows he sits. He is an exception, she allows. His face is appropriately taunt with worry, eyes focused on the door of the classroom, feet braced against the floor, as though ready to spring up and greet her on her return. Except she doesn't. Come back, that is. Delly is sent home, the teacher tells then and they are let out for the day, five minutes early – weirder , still. The day is strange and off-kilter as she waits out in the school yard for her little sister. Her hand is fidgeting with the shoulder strap of her bag, twisting and twirling, until her fingers are pale and purple and bloodless. She slips her hand free of the trap, then twists the coarse fabric around the appendage again. She is thinking about what happened ten minutes ago, her eyes vague, lost in the grass, and lips pursed is stubbornness; she doesn't want to. Katniss didn't want to see it , hadn't wanted to mention it or point it out, because the very sight had made her stomach twist around itself; and it shouldn't because blood doesn't frighten her, she's slaughtered enough animals to know that blood is just blood, and she's had her hands buried in entrails before, but this is different. This is human blood. This is Delly Cartwright's blood. Katniss had been sitting in the perfect spot, in the back, to the right, behind Delly. She'd seen it when the blonde had flung out that hand, rolling down the sides of her wrist. She saw it, dripping from the lips, across the chin, cupped on her tongue gawkily, rolling over her stark white teeth as waves, with each violent caw. Drowning, hacking, gasping for breath. A shiver runs up Katniss' spine and she shrugs her shoulders in complaint. Her eyes refocus on the world. Students mill about, just released, excited that the day of learning is over, but moving slow, lazily, because for most, this means it's time for work. One group passes her, slow, talking loud – Delly's name is falling from everyone's lips. Somehow this makes her nervous , makes her stomach feel sicker. Her thoughts go to peculiar places, untraveled routes, of maybe going to see her. Perhaps, just pop by the Cartwright's house, make up some inane excuse, and confirm if she actually saw what she thought she did. Because that would fix her stomach, surely. That would soothe the knot in her throat, tugging tighter each time she recalls a faded memory of Delly smiling at her, or waving, or offering a hand of aid in class projects or gym activities. But that all collapses when Primrose shows up. Her little sister reminds her that she has more important thing to do, that there is a family – two, counting the Hawthornes – that are needing her, depending on her care and presence and there are plenty, more welcome, persons that will show up at Delly's house, offering kind words and get-well-soon phrases. Katniss is not much good at those thing anyway; she is sure she will scowl half the time, feel out of place, awkward and tug at the end of her braid as she spoke to Delly's parent when they answered the door, perplexed at the sight of their visitor.. Yes. It is better to just go home. She greets Gale, Rory, and Prim as she always does. Her smile is thin, but they don't expect more than that. She walks between Gale and Prim, hand still wrestling the bag's strap, her head held high and her eyes steady on the sidewalk in front of her. Once they reach beyond Town, the atmosphere grows easier, and Rory begins to tease Prim about some recess folly that happened today. Gale turns his head, considers Katniss' expression, and watches, almost in intrigue, her hand fidgeting. "I heard that Delly made quite a performance today in class," he says, lightly, and out of the earshot of their younger siblings. "Where from?" she asks, setting her jaw. She's not angry. She shouldn't be. Yet, irritation is zinging in her blood. Or rather, she feels bugged.. pestered.. pressured . Gale most likely heard it from everyone, and could not help hearing it as he walked through the yard. She just would rather hear him answer her questions, then have him ask her questions. She doesn't want to lie to him. If he asks her what she saw , she'd have no choice but tell him what she saw. And she's not sure enough to share.. not even with Gale, her best friend, the person she illegally hunts and poaches and sells things with. That is how uneasy the whole thought makes her. Katniss gnaws on the inside of her cheek, and allows her hand to fall from her shoulder strap. Gale gives a careful, cautious , shrug. He is watching her. No doubt wondering what is wrong with her. "I heard it from Jarek first. Then Thom told me all about it. I just thought, since you were actually there, you knew something those numb skulls didn't," he replies, easily. Unfazed by her unexpected behavior. She wonders what is wrong her. It is just blood. She's seen a man vomit blood once, out the corner of her eye, as she fled the house, and her mother took care of the man. But he lived... he lived... and she isn't so sure.. and she doesn't want to think about it.. "She was coughing," Katniss says, and is glad to find her voice level and natural. Something about this day has to be normal, and if it can't be her thoughts, than at least she can appear composed outwardly. "Probably the flu or a cold. Minor stuff. You know how everyone likes to exaggerate." "Yeah," Gale agrees. "Town is all about drama." She is glad when her and her sister reach home and there is no one there to discuss it with. The evening passes quickly, uneventfully, normally, and she is relaxed by the time she is undoing her braid, and dressing for bed. Primrose is doing the usually ritual, cleaning father's old shaving mirror, though since he is not here to use it anymore, there is nothing to wipe away but what she wet it with. Her dreams are of screeching crows. She is chasing them, furious . Somehow she keeps missing, all her arrows going askew from their mark at the last moment, as if some invisible hand reached out and flicked them to the side, or it is simply