Chapter One I wake the instant Peeta sits up. A chill crawls up my legs where his is no longer pressed into mine and his arms slip from my waist. Springs creak underneath his weight. Though groggy, my hand shoots out and curls around his elbow on instinct. "Where.." "The baby," he says, and I notice the sound of our scrawling daughter across the hall. I sit up, wide awake. I don't know how Peeta does it. How he wakes the very moment she gives her first squeak of discontent. How he hears her when he's dead asleep, or when he's two houses away, when he's at the bakery and I can't get her to calm for the life of myself. Part of me is envious, to be so assured in what he is doing, and the other is irritated at how natural it seems to come to him. But most of all I'm grateful. I would be lying if I said I could have shouldered the parenting burden all on my own. Leaning back on an elbow, I watch Peeta pull on a shirt and fumble to attach his prosthetic leg. After much yawning and stretching, he stands and lumbers tiredly to the hall. Once, I might of followed him and stood uselessly behind his shoulder as he rocked and cooed at the distraught bundle in his arms. Now I know better. Neither need me. I sigh, flop against his side of the bed, and close my eyes. Except dream isn't there to greet me. I won't sleep. I can't sleep when he's not here with me. Especially not when Dandelion is crying. So I wait. I listen, and twist futilely in the sheets to find some sort of comfort. Dani has a strong set of lungs for a sixteen month old girl. In fact as the minutes drag by her crying seems to blur into a scream, high and thin, and I sit up again, ruffled and disturbed by the sound. Most nights she quiets moments after Peeta picks her up. Instead of the sound of my husband's soft voice and my daughter's gurgled reply, there is a slam, a yelp, and the shatter of glass piercing the air. "Peeta!" I call out. The screaming peaks. I'm on my feet in an instant, uncaring of my lack of pants and the tangled mass of my hair as I slip out into the dark hallway. I stall in horror at the sight of Peeta slumped against the door of Dani's bedroom, attempting to barge it open with his shoulder. "There was a man," Peeta says, hurriedly, almost slurred into incoherency. Blood beads down his face. Glimmering white dust litters his hair and shoulders, shards of glass gathered at his feet and scattered around the hall. At my feet sits a slightly crumpled lampshade. A lamp; he hit Peeta with a lamp. I don't know what grips me worse; panic or anger. Either way, I throw myself into a mode of such frantics that I shove Peeta out of my way, draw the knife I keep in the draw of the hallway table and wedge it between the door and the frame. The lock doesn't budge, no matter how much I rattle and pry. Turning, I search Peeta's face. He's awake, but the blow to his head has left him bleary. "Don't let him out this way," I snap, and then I streak down the hall, ravishing my feet in the glass, throwing myself down the stairs two at a time. The knife is still in my hand, knuckles white with grip. Outside the night is bitterly cold. The grass is damp and stiff beneath my slashed feet. Air bites the flesh of my bare thighs and nose, whipping hair into my face and around, as a wavering, slithering black veil. I know exactly which window is my daughter's. I'm not too late. The man is just recovering from the drop he took off the front porch's overhang. In the dim moonlight, he's painted silver, and I can scarcely see the shape of my screaming daughter tucked underneath his coat. I don't even think about it. Perhaps it's the two Hunger Games that I have underneath my belt, or my experience in the war, or merely because that is my daughter he is taking and it was my husband whom he attacked and it was my house he has infiltrated. No means of peace or negotiation ever float to the surface of my mind. It doesn't matter that he's at least twice my size, a whole head taller, and broader in the shoulders than even Peeta. The knife still sinks through his flesh the same as Marvel's spear propelled through Rue's chest. Dandelion is a storm of noise, sobbing and screaming and wailing as though she is the one who has been stabbed through a collarbone. In the confusion of the fight, the man tosses her aside and lunges himself at me, diving further into the knife. Hot blood sprays upward and across my face, and his hands are slick when they find my throat. I'm too preoccupied with trying to catch my daughter to resist him or wriggle my way free. I'm frantic to reach out to her. The blanket's edge just grazes my fingertips, before the fabric slips through them as if water, and I hear Dani's huff of breath as she hits the cold, hard ground. And the sound of that knocks me breathless as well. Fury roars up inside me, quelled by the fear filling my chest, the dread closing my throat, that twang in my heart that tells me I have just failed. A silence settles over the yard after she falls. Is she breathing? Did she land on her neck? The thoughts make me want to heave. They fill me with anger and the emotion fuels my strength. The man throws us both to the ground, and I take the impact, hard. I roll us away from the tangle of blankets that is my daughter, choking for breath, his fingers tight on my throat. Pain brings the shadow of other hands back to the surface. I think of Peeta. He's done this to me, too, years and years ago, but there is something much more cruel about the way this stranger is jerking my face violently back and forth, whipping my hair into my mouth and eyes. Each time my head clips the ground a lightning bolt of pain jolts through my temples. Still, I fight. I take the term 'fighting tooth and nail' literally. My fingers latch onto his face – no. He's wearing a mask. My hands slip uselessly across the fabric. He presses so close my arms are pinned between our chests. His entire form swallows mine. Wildly, my legs flail underneath him, hoping to find the sweet spot all men have. Panic swells in my mouth, open now, but soundless. There's no sliver of oxygen, no scream to flow out. As soundless as my daughter.. Then motion out the corner of my eye catches my attention. Peeta's foot swings out to kick the stranger in the ribcage so hard that I swear I hear ribs crack. He grabs the man by the neck, twisting fast and hard, and the stranger turns to look up at him in time to catch a fist full in the face. The man's grip on my windpipe loosens. Sucking in a shard of air, I take the opportunity, pushing my leg between the man's, planting my knee, then flipping us. Two hands grasp me by the hips as soon as I'm upright, and lift me into the air, tear me free of the hands, and set me down in the grass. I gulp in the air, eyes streaming. With my vision blurry and the night dark, I can hardly decipher which limb is whose as Peeta and the stranger roll around in the grass, all curled fists and knees and jerking movements for control. Then, I hear a gasp. Struggling. A fluttering inhale that barely stirs the blanket swathe around her. Clutching my aching neck, I scramble toward my daughter. I pull her to my chest and it is not close enough. Warm, wet tears soak into the skin of my neck, joining the blood. A bellowing so loud pushes out of her on the exhale it should have made me concerned. But even though her screaming conveys she is in pain, now, not just frightened, relief washes over me. My hand cradles her head, fingers sifting through her silky black tuft, my cheek pressed hard against her salty one. There is no obvious signs of broken bones as I fumble my hands across every piece of her. No blood. No scrapes. Nothing but the high-pitched keening pouring from her mouth, that will break her voice, surely. Or wake Haymitch. I see the lights flick on across the street. I stand, stumbling, and I watch frantically as Peeta grasps the stranger by the mask and slams his head against the ground repeatedly. But the previous lamp-head collision takes its toll on Peeta. He is not so fast as he should be, not so clearheaded. The stranger surges against Peeta, flinging out an elbow that catches his face and he turns away, spitting blood. And a tooth, I think. This allows the man to get a punch in and Peeta groans, lilting into the grass. My feet move as if to put me back into the fray. The weight of my daughter reminds me I can't. I search the area around us; the night is empty, obsolete, and I want to run, to place Dani somewhere safe, but I can't tear my eyes off Peeta, can't leave him here. What if he dies while I'm away? The thought is ice water spreading through my veins. Across the way I see a figure coming from Haymitch's front door. He doesn't seem hurried. Does he think this is some marital disagreement that by misfortune brought us to the front yard? A trivial argument between his 'kid' star-crossed lovers? Anger churns in me, and I want to scream now, with my daughter. Not in incoherent terror, but directed at the lazily approaching shadow with a few choice words thrown in. Except that is not me. I've been here before, in these situations. Where my loved ones are threatened and death is a presence close and promising. I swallow the urge. Backing away to the front porch of my Victor's house I find a cushioned chair. I place the pillow underneath a table, a safe distance from any ledge or fall. I clutch Dani painfully close before setting her gently on the soft green bed, tangled in her wet blankets, still screeching. I leave her there. I find the bloodied knife I'd dropped a few feet away from the struggling figures of Peeta and the stranger. Its still warm. I circle around them. Back in the woods, safe inside a water-proof cover, is my bow. I wish for it. With my weapon of choice I could merely draw an arrow, aim effortlessly, and loose the sharp metal point straight into the man's heart. I would not miss, no matter which way they struggled. But it would take too much time to get the bow. I must make do with the knife, no matter how less accurate, or ineffective, it proved to be. The silhouette of a tall, thick man falls across the wrestling pair. I look up, expecting Haymitch. The barrel of a gun greets me. I freeze. The man holding the gun wears a mask identical to the stranger who tried to smuggle my baby out the window. Cowards . An initial wave of unease flows through me for being so under-armed in the face of a automated weapon. Then my eyes flicker to the front door of Haymitch's house, left wide open, swinging in the breeze. Where this