A/N: If you truly care about me at all, you'll give this story a chance. -Taryn(: Chapter One When I wake up, my eyes immediately focus onto the shadows dancing across the ceiling. I hear footsteps. My body livens, pulling itself from the bleariness of sleep in an instant, back muscles screeching against my sudden movement to sit up. And for a moment my eyes are blinded by the scarce pale light of dawn spilling into the house. I throw a hand up to shade my face, as I spot the two figures lurking at the front door, responsible for the apparitions. At my side I feel Jak stirring. I reach out an absent hand and pet his hair off of his sweaty forehead. He should sleep longer. They all should sleep longer. They all should be in bed. Of course, she isn't though. I watch with dull eyes as she leans over and kisses the boy. I wait patiently as they mutter sweet nothings to each other, until her fingers untwist themselves from his shirt and he's free to go. I sigh when she stands there for at least five minutes to watch him until he's completely off the street. She slinks back in, but stops dead in her tracks when she sees me. "Your up early," she whispers. "Not early enough it seems," I say. Aven has always been an early riser. I know it's futile to keep her locked up with the rest of the children, within the relative safety of the community home. I've learned the best way to control Aven isn't brute scoldings or to bark orders, but it is to give her a cold shoulder, to turn away from her. That's what I do now. Wounded and sad, she will come to me later today, apologizing and begging for another chance. A opportunity that will in the end not be worth anything. I tuck myself back into the threadbare blankets, pulling Jak into my chest. At my back, another kid stirs, murmuring in their sleep. My free hand flings out on instinct to pet someone's head or cheek or shoulder. They go calm underneath my fingers. Aven slips into place next to her twin, and I feel instantly better, the anger toward her not so sharp as it was before she fell into place. It's my worry for her that makes me so harsh. I have a hard enough time keeping track of her twin brother at school, where he gets into fights, and Felecia, a five year old vulnerable to predators, than keeping track of her at all hours of the night. Though I refrain from getting up until the sun is completely dawned, I don't sleep in that time. I find I can't. Now that my mind is awake all my thoughts are running, catching up for the day, worrying. Today is reaping day. A day where I must add losing a kid onto my list of bad things that could happen. In my head I count all of the ones that are eligible, fear for them, and pray for the odds to be in their favors. Sunlight illuminates our front door, a crude cut rectangle with a ragged curtain hanging over it. I pull myself from my makeshift bed of warm bodies and straw and blankets, easily moving from our sleeping corner of the room to the kitchen corner. I make breakfast with what little we have, careful to tip-toe and not fumble. If I'm not careful I might drop something and pay dearly for it. I have an anxious eye always glued on the third corner of the house where a dirty mattress sits, a snoring, shuddering shape laying hidden beneath blankets there. And good thing I do, because for such an aged woman she moves pretty quick when she's worked up. Anger is the only thing that draws her from her liquor reeking recluse. And anger is easily summoned. Aven is the first up, eating her breakfast, and she drags along her twin brother, who is still half asleep by the time he sits heavily at the table. Bud spares me a half smile when I push a glass of water toward him. It always amazes me how much alike the two look. Dark hair, copper skin, long-limbed and skinny. They even have the same honey-brown eyes. I leave them at the table to wake the others; a seven year old named Arthur, my five year old Felecia, toddler Jak, and a twelve year old Mel. They wake slower than the thirteen year old twins, with my hands caressing their cheeks or an arm aiding them to sit up. I pick Jak up last, preferring to keep him as close to me as I can. Marcus, my older brother, once told me babies need lots of love and warmth and nurturing. He said that's how he saved me when our parents died. And Jak isn't the first baby I've used this technique on; Felecia has turned out impossibly sweet with a similar method. Breakfast is a silent and quick ordeal. The loud snores keep the children careful in every breath they take. No one speaks out, no one dares to chew too loudly and Mel, our little klutz, fights hard not to spill her water. I can still see the welts that cover her collarbones from that time she had just last week. I had a few of my own red marks on my forearms from when I had swooped forward–minutes too late–and took the blame. Once breakfast is done, Bud helps me clear the table. "No work," he intones when he passes me the glasses. His voice is carefully level, nonchalant. But his eyes are asking me for freedom. "It's a holiday," I say, "Go find something to celebrate." Everyone knows the reapings aren't worth such a thing. And he needs no more encouraging. Bud pulls on a worn jacket that he's had since he was eleven, kisses my cheek, hugs Aven, and is gone. Together Aven and I wash the kids, and dress them in the finest clothes we have for events such as reaping day. Aven, Mel and I get skirts, with wrinkled, slightly torn blouses. Felecia gets a dress, somewhat too small for her, with tenured mud stains along the hem. Arthur and Jak aren't changed from their normal attire. All in all by the time nine o'clock comes around, we're once more piled together across the piece of floor that serves as our bed. Jak pulls at the end of my ponytail, twisting the ashy locks around his tiny fingers. Aven is whispering with Felicia, and Mel is hiding a smile behind her hand. Shy, cooty-prone Arthur sits in his own hunch, playing some imaginary game with two pieces of straw. I stall for a few minutes, enjoying their company. When I finally rise to my feet, Aven lifts her head to meet my gaze, knowingly. "I'll be back," I tell her. "You always are," says Aven. Silently, the deal is transacted. I can no longer be upset with her for being out all night, because I'm leaving now, while she remains behind to take her shift. The little sketches of orange, that serve as Jak's eyebrows, furrow together, upset roiling inside of his wide blue eyes as I move toward the door. Thankfully, Mel distracts him with a quiet word before he can wake our monster of a caretaker. Outside a fine mist falls. I wrap my arms around myself as I hurry down the street, hugging close to the one roomed houses the linger so far on the outer edge of District 8. Within the heart of the district are tenant buildings, staked on top of each other, but those are for the people who can afford them. People like me, even within a community home, do not get such a luxury. Usually this place would be crawling with people coming and going to the factories to clock in a few hours or to school. Today the place is silent, and empty except for a far off group of Peacekeepers who sit at the corner of this street where it diverges into the next one. They watch me with eyes burning holes into my back as I slip along bland sidewalks, toward an alley between a house and another. The day is gloomy. Clouds intermix overhead with the constant underlying smog, blanketing the sun in silver. The world is gloomy. The District is an ugly, sickly place, reeking of fumes, lacking in color and greenery. District 8 is just concrete buildings, paved travel ways and dark alleys between the factories and houses. I slow my pace when I come across a house that seems promising. I wait outside the door, listening, hear nothing and slip inside. A woman sleeps on a dirty mattress, copper skinned and tangled black curls pillowing her head. I pull a jacket from the back of a chair. It's soft and brown and only slightly worn. I put it around my shoulders. From the cupboard I take two matches, a pack of preserved and dried beef sticks, and two mint leaves to pop into my mouth. On the floor lies a messy array of stuff. There's a backpack. I stoop to shift through it and find nothing of worth.. only the bag. I dump out her things carefully, put all the things I took into the empty sack and get out of there. I'm three streets away before I find another house that is still slumbering. Reaping day is the best day for this because everyone usually tries to sleep in, since the reaping isn't until two. Part of me knows it's wrong. To steal from people who are just as in wanting as myself. To potentially harm another person by taking away their goods or food or clothing. But I remember what my brother taught me. Every time I think of Marcus all I can see is his corpse in town square, laying in a pool of scarlet. A bullet in his forehead, as his punishment for stealing. Panem does not joke around when it comes to the laws. Stealing is punishable by death. I had been on a few jobs with my brother before. He taught me the basics. Only take what you need. If there is a lot of something, leave some. Never, ever take from a family with children. After the day he was killed for it the very thought of stealing terrified me. He was gone and I didn't have the courage to steal, and I watched slowly as the other orphans around me starved from neglect, ignored by the Justice Building and our community home caretaker. I shudder at the memory of those awful days after his execution. And I harden myself to my fear. The third house I hit is a family. I stall at the sight of a little boy sandwiched between his parents on their bed. With nimble feet I retreat to the outside and find another house. An old man slumbers in this one. From him I get a fist sized sack of dried and preserved plums. By the time I reach the fifteenth house I decide I have enough to keep my family alive another week, if we eat sparingly. I'm packing everything into the sack as I walk away from my most recent victim, when I hear a distant, "Hey, you!" I break into a run at the sound of the voice. I don't turn to see who. They may not even have meant me. All I know is that getting caught isn't an option. Without me the community home would never survive. Our caretaker would let all my children die. Aven and Bud wouldn't be able to handle it. I lose whoever it was easily by diving from alley to alley, making a split decision to take the long way around to the community home.