A/N: Most of this is just fluff... and not all accurate. But it was fun doing it. I got it from a thing I saw on tumblr and couldn't resist trying it with my favorite couple. Hopefully you like it. Thanks for reading, sorry for typos. Reviews are great.. and if you guys are wanting more, send me a list of words to go off of and I'll do them. -Taryn(: (By the way, most of them are run ons, but oh well..) 01: Sacrifice Her head was spinning a little, the medicine they gave her for the depression always did that – until she got sick and wanted to fall in bed for a whole new reason – and he notices the way her lips part, drawing in the sweet bakery air, and he wants to thank her, for getting out of bed anyway. 02: Kiss There were kisses and then there were her kisses , the kind that made his heart pound and his skin sear, the ones where she would open her mouth to his in a sweet, numbing wetness or those brief times when she let her lips just barely brush over his skin.. a soft caress of flesh, that healed his hurts better than medicines, so he can't help but grin when he sees her pick up little Dandelion and kiss the scrapped palm, knowing there was nothing that could have made it better. 03: Soft At night, when she is long asleep, he likes to trace those ruined, ravished tattoos of pink and red across her shoulders and collarbones and wonder to himself, just how skin so damaged and once painful to her could be as soft as the downy petal of a dandelion. 04: Pain She winces every time Dany leans over something too tall and flinches if their toddling boy gets too close to the open oven or the hunting knifes that are left out on the counter... sometimes she'll even yell at them, and he has to stand back and wince, too, as they stare up at her with wide, oblivious eyes and begin to cry. 05: Potatoes The day was a long hard one and he just wants to go home, lie down and close his eyes, but instead he finds the house warm, and she is there, cooking dinner, hair still mused from sleep and grey steely eyes unwavering on the potatoes she's peeling in the sink.. and it is the fact that she has roused herself from the land of the dead that makes him pull off his jacket and take up a place next to her, peeling potatoes like an old married couple. 06: Rain She always thinks of him when it rains; the soft prattling sound it makes against the roof waking her in the middle of the late day and she rolls over, one hand stretching and seeking out his warmth, only to find the sheets cold and void, but he's at work, and she knows and she is outside, soaked, hair tickling the back of her neck as she pushes the door to the bakery entrance open, smiling shyly when his bewildered blue eyes find hers. 07: Chocolate He had a weakness for beauty, she knew, and a love for sweets, and on his twenty-third birthday she arced into him as his tongue swiveled about the sensitive skin of her hip bone, then rolled up the length of her ribcage and sucked away the last dregs of melted chocolate dripping between the valley of her breasts. 08: Happiness She always thought she'd never be happy again, not after the war, not after losing everything she ever cared about, but when he finishes painting a picture of a tree, the roots deep in the grassy sward and strong branches bearing the weight of lush greenery, she thinks he's infectious, like the tree roots, taking origin inside her body and making her strong again, happy, even. OR He is so pleased with himself for getting her back in the woods that she thinks he's about to burst from his seams by the splitting grin on his face.. and she almost wishes he would ask her to do something else, so she can make him beam at her, with that child-like pleasure and glowing eyes, all over again. 09: Telephone It was only suppose to be a day, he was supposed to come back after he went to District 4 to visit Annie, twenty-four hours, tops , but he is still gone and she paces by the telephone, and Haymitch watches her with unconcerned, blood-shot eyes, as she dials and redials and hangs up over and over again.. until the shrill cry of the telephone rips apart her nerves and she is breathless once she presses it against her ear. 10: Ears He would flinch every time she got too disciplined with their children and she knew why, but even after an argument he is too scared to let it go and so she's picked up the habit of flicking them behind the ear... and she knows she's gone soft when instead of hitting the infuriating Haymitch who has just insulted everything that is her new life and her home, she ends up flicking him on the ear. 11: Name (pre-dates all the books) He knows it's stupid, and that she'd thinks it's stupid, but he can't help and wish it were her who came into the shop every once and awhile and called him "Peet" or "Peety" like Delly and all the other town girls do. 12: Sensual There were times that neither of them felt anything and were numb with their pain, but when she would welcome him into the bed and kiss him to life or he would caress her breasts, a strange sensual flair awakened in their bellies that made her weak in the thighs and him light of heart. 13: Death There was one thing that made her break more than anything when he begged for kids, and it was a word she had once feared, don't you want to give back? he had asked her, we can make life amongst all this death... and that five lettered word sunk inside her mind until she looked up at him, startled to find herself sure, and nodded. 14: Sex Haymitch laughs at them whenever they feign innocence, the boy's ever telling blush putting a shot straight through her scowl. 15: Touch She's old and he's older, and they are at the third meeting they had to attend in the boring conference room of the New Justice Building this month, and it has been so long that she can almost not believe it when she feels a hand snaking under the table, between her thighs, and the touch of his fingers flat against her center makes her gasp aloud, then rush out a breathless excuse to the politicians within the room that all had turned to stare. 16: Weakness He doesn't want to hate her, and he vows never to hurt her, not again.. but it is a weakness inside him that taints him and he is incapable to hold out on the darkness sometimes, but she stands in the room with him, no matter how loud he yells or flings pots and pans at her, and she sends the kids to Haymitch so she can stay there all day long, until he eventually, exhausted, falls to the floor and cries because really, he hates himself the most. 17: Tears He was always better at handling tears than she was, and she knows it, so when Annie comes to visit and is crying and sobbing and carrying on, she shouts for Peeta.. but instead of escaping the turmoil, he grabs both of them and hugs them, shushes them.. and she almost believes she should start crying, too. 18: Speed The day of her mother's funeral passes in a blur; the day's seconds tick by faster than any day of her life previously.. her head is spinning as she stands over the hole of the grave and the coffin stares up at her and she feels like she's falling, fast and far and breathless... back to that awful place Prim once brought her to, but then she feels his hand slip into hers and she is shocked at just how quickly everything levels out again. 19: Wind He always says it is the wind against the window that wakes him up at night, but she knows that it is nightmares, even if he doesn't scream or thrash like she does.. she knows it is not the wind and when she finds him shivering in the night, wide awake, she turns over and hugs him closer, telling him that she wishes the wind would just shut up . 20: Freedom He asks her is she will stay with him, and when she looks up, confused in the eyes, pink in the face, wondering what he means, he collects her into his arms, hand cupping her head to tip her face up towards his and asks her again. 21: Life He never gets what she means when she gives her opinions of his drawings, and it's always the same thing.. she'll look it over, place a hand against her cheek, look frightened or dazed or upset, and then say, it's so full of life. 22: Jealousy When the kids go off to school she gives them each a kiss on the lips, nose, and temple before sending them on their way, but when she turns her head and catches his eyes on her, she realizes something, and goes to his side, kisses his lips, nose, and temple then waves until he is completely out of sight just for extra measure. 23: Hands Her hands shake when she wakes from nightmares and he always pulls those to his lips first, kissing them until their trembling stop, because really, all he can think about is how steady they are, how they level an arrow in a bow, or cut away the innards of her most recent kill with the utmost precision, or swathe little Dandelion in a plush blanket, fingertips as gentle as a lamb's nose, and for them to be shaking scares him more than the screaming does. 24: Taste She licks away the sweet juices of the peach on her lips, and he reaches a hand to her face, says she missed some, brushes her cheek softly, then places the thumb against his own lip, blue eyes smiling at her. 25: Devotion Even when he throws her out of the house or the bakery or where ever his newest place of isolation is and he tells her to join the kids at Haymitch's house, she refuses the request and sits through rainstorms, and all through the night, head resting against the door, every so often calling his name softly through the wood, asking if he's better now. 26: Forever The way he talks about their life, sitting in that damned lounge chair on the back porch, his white hair falling over his blue eyes boyishly and his laughlines crinkling with his smiles, she almost believe it when he takes her paper-weak hand into his and promises her that they'll live forever. 27: Blood Blood never bothered her before, but she starts panicking at the sight of her daughter's cut and throws herself into such a hysteric that Peeta runs home from the bakery at their son's insistence and he finds her curled up in the upstairs bathtub, stroking Dany's hair, vowing that she won't ever let their children play soccer again. 28: Sickness Just a cold, Haymitch gruffed at them three days ago, she remembers vividly, they were in the kitchen, the children were eating dinner and Haymitch had come by asking for some spare alcohol, but she refused him, told him he needed real fluids... but now... she sinks into the edge of the mattress, hands