"What would you give," Madge asks, "to protect those you love?" Katniss wets her lips and looks around to buy herself time to answer this unexpected question. The forest is empty aside the familiar sounds of song-birds and the tread of small animals. The crispness of the autumn breeze awakens her by breaths, and it is just Madge . Soft, town-sculpted Madge, who has been refreshingly neutral company in the past few days – in the past few weeks since the Hunger Games. Still, she is not sure if the question is meant to be light and curious, like most of the things Madge says tend to be, or if she should take offense – because it seems rather obvious what she would give: Anything. Everything. All that is hers to give. Despite that, the word she finds falling off her tongue is: "Myself." Madge's eyes crinkle up at the corners, brow tight. "Would that be enough?" "Yes." "You sound so sure." Madge sits up, arms wrapped around her knees like the little girl Katniss had never been and forces eye-contact. "What.. makes it enough? You've already offered your life for Primrose... you've proved that, yes, and you won your life for yourself, but... you , yourself, offered over – not your life – is that worth something?" A small smile touches her lips, and she shifts slightly, hugging her knees tighter, saying, "You are rather abrasive, Katniss... cold, calculating, uncooperative, outspoken, single-minded and unpredictable both at once –" "Is that what you think of me?" The words come out coolly, and the look in Katniss' eyes is fairly flat and as steely gray as ever. Madge's smile breaks into something falteringly bolder. "Let's not forget self-conscious," she takes from Katniss' interruption, "or prude, as Gale calls it, and, of course, Peeta calls it 'pure'." "Can we not talk about them?" "Possessive?" Madge continues, somewhat puzzled. "I did not think so before, but now –" Katniss gives a shake of her head, not quite upset at the list of Madge's – it is true , most of what she's said – and explains, "I am tired of them... ever since the Games." She gives a long sigh with a sag in her shoulders that was not there moments ago. "After getting home Peeta's been... things have been a mess, and Gale's been... even more confusing? They both want things from me... things I can't –" She breaks off abruptly, straightens, and clears her throat. "Sorry, I didn't mean to.. you don't need to hear.." Madge lifts a finger. "And reclusive." Katniss blinks, looking from finger to the blonde's unassuming face. "I invited you out here, didn't I?" Another finger goes up. "Reckless. " Katniss pursues her lips. "You didn't have to come," is her tight, careful reply. She doesn't want to be trapped again, and she's not really sure how to play this game anymore than she knows how to handle Haymitch's sarcastic teasing, or Peeta's childish imagination, or Gale's beyond-friendly flirting. Madge flushes, seemingly doesn't hear, and ticks another finger nonetheless. "Stubborn." Throwing up a hand, Katniss leans against the tree beside her and – stubbornly – crosses her arms over her chest and refuses to utter another word. Madge gives a smiling shake of her head. "Distant." Katniss opens her mouth, as if to argue, but then slams it shut, biting her cheek. "Do you see what I'm trying to say?" Madge relents in the face of Katniss' cooler of stares. "That I'm not worth anything?" Katniss puts out there flatly; all her defenses are on high. The fingers go right back up, with an extra one to add: "Defensive." She scowls, and Madge holds her stare, very steadily, as she raises the next: "Brave." "Madge –" is the protest on Katniss' lips as she breaks eye-contact; all her patience is dried up. "You are," Madge insists, and she scoots closer, lowering her voice. "When you were in the arena, you were braver than anyone I knew," but just as quickly as the words are out – to both girl's relief – Madge plunges on: "When you're doing something for Prim, your mother... loved ones... you're passionate, cunning, quick-footed... " "Don't... I don't want to talk about –" "Evasive," Madge adds to the list, and then her face softens, becomes once more the face of the mayor's daughter Katniss has always known; the quiet, unassuming girl whose peace brings comfort. She is immensely relieved... until she speaks: "We've been... friends for a long time, Katniss. I know you. Your devotion to your family is unquestionable. You'd do anything for them. And that's your everything ." "What do you mean?" She is still not sure whether to be offended or not. Madge looks caught between completely dropping the subject and seizing Katniss by the hands and explaining everything in exquisite detail, telling her of what she's observed – as that is what she does best – through all the years. She settles on a padded reply of: "They bring the best out of you. Without them... you're.." less, is the only word she can think of, but she winces to even assume it, let alone tell Katniss it, and stumbles on to explain: "If you give up yourself for them, at the loss of them, there isn't much to give." "That's not –" Madge rests a light hand over hers. "You can try to give up everything to protect your loved ones, but you without them..." "I don't even want to talk about this, Madge," Katniss tries once more to unhinge the conversation, too bewildered to argue – actually argue with the ever docile Madge – and uneasy of the topic. "Stop –" "Why? What would you give?" she jumps to demand. Madge does not seem to notice or care about the way Katniss is fighting to keep from wrenching away from the entire situation, stand up, and strut home. "You are a mess, Katniss. It's not just the Games, but your life... you don't have any interests or hobbies. It's all about surviving. You bore so easily.. and it's understandable, certainly. No one gets by with their family in such conditions like you have without... repercussions. You've become... empty, a person with one purpose. What are you without it? That's the point, I guess. You're not worthless. That's not what I'm saying. You're just... you know that your life will continue to be hollow, standing beside your family day and night, living in their shadows. It will never give you more than a pale echo of the life you could have – that you're scared of having – and in time you will turn bitter , but this is exactly what you must desire because you push away all chances at something else; Peeta, Gale –" "Stop." Madge relents, then. Madge's hand on hers is gone. The skin where it had been is chilled, and Katniss shivers. Something about the steady weight of her light, unassuming touch is better than the cold it leaves behind. She watches Madge take a deep breath, lean back, study her, then, with a small, shy gesture: "I'm sorry –" "You're right." "I – I am?" Katniss has a funny feeling that if she says no , outright, taking back her words, Madge will lapse shut again and their comfortable silence will be renewed; just as it was before. Or is she just hoping? Madge may laugh and delight over the fact that she'd gotten even a little victory out of it. She may even allow Katniss to change the subject completely, accepting her victory quietly, knowing she's said what she'd wanted to. And she has. The seed has been planted... and, perhaps, it had already somewhat existed in Katniss' head. Doubt and uncertainty seep into Katniss' thoughts, tainted with an undeniable fear of an impending silence – an emptiness – or an upcoming worthlessness to strip all genuineness from their conversation. The last thing she wants is something like those two things to confirm what Madge has just reinforced. Yet – yet – the air here is strange, and the girl before her is abnormally fickle and bold at the moment, and Katniss fears, instead, for one miniature sliver of a moment, that if she manages to piss Madge off, she'll be forced to spend some of her time regretting it, spending more time alone. And besides... There is a curious light in Madge's oil-shine blue eyes and part of Katniss wants to see where it leads. So, caught between fears, Katniss says nothing, and does nothing, holding Madge's stare. The Townie girl smiles. Katniss cocks her head. The wind tugs at the braid against her shoulder, ripples like water. Madge scoots closer, hand fishing out for the braid's tail. She rubs the strand between her fingers. "It's grown out since the Games," Madge acknowledges, eyes downcast, blonde lashes arched halos on high cheekbones. A lot of things have, are the unspoken words on the wind, scattering leaves. You have. Katniss pulls herself that inch higher, straightening her shoulders, that pulls the braid from Madge's hand. And, still, says nothing. The hand glides down to Katniss fist pressed against the ground instead; a soft touch, innocent. There is nick of a scar on the edge of her thumb; a recent thing, from recent hunts. The Capitol polished most of the other scars away. Madge frowns at the smooth knuckles. "They're soft now." "They'll be hard again, soon enough," says Katniss, stiffly, curling the fist tighter. Madge's lips purse. Cold fingers skate up Katniss' bony wrist and rest against the hunting jacket's sleeve. She rubs the fabric between her fingers as if this, too, she can make an inference on; as if she could name the very amount of stitching in it. Her head lifts, tipped aside just a fraction; curious. "Did they take all of your scars?" "Most." "All?" "The most important. The deeper and older ones show through after the initial polish." "Show me." Katniss blinks, caught between being incredulous, confused, and suspicious. " Show you?" It is Madge's turn to say nothing and do nothing, holding the Seam girl's sharp stare. The stare holds. Katniss is just as stubborn, if not a million times more, than her. But, after a moment, Katniss makes a sound, caught between an embarrassed, scornful scoff, and stale amusement, as if hoping that at any moment Madge will start to laugh and shatter the sudden weight in the air. She doesn't. Madge flushes and her hand falls away from Katniss' and the weight adds . "Will you?" Madge rephrases, less demanding; shy. "There's a scar on my arm," Katniss finally relents. Somehow saying that one truth pushes the air from her chest – see, it's not that hard – and she rolls her sleeve up to just above the crook of her elbow. Madge glances from Katniss' face to the faint pink line on her dark skin. "What from?" "Wild dog," she says, flippant and flat. "It's claws caught me as I was climbing a tree." Absently, Madge's hand rubs at her own unmarked arm, then frowns. "Did you get away?" "I shot it from the tree, yeah." "Guess I knew that," she mutters, then sighs. "Others?" Katniss' lips thin, and the truth of that is in her eyes – there are others – but she shifts her weight onto her other hand, brushing the free one against her collarbone, uncertain about the entire thing. "Why?" Surprisingly, Madge's lips give a sharp curl, amusement heavy in her eyes. "Worried?" "What would I be worried about?" Katniss says. She passes a look over a shoulder – looking unintentionally very much like a child guilty of something . "I just don't see the point of this." "Does everything need to have a point?" "Yes." The word is as flat as her words get. Madge actually laughs. Albeit, breezily, and perhaps a little nervously, but it is a