Disclaimer: All Hunger Games characters and uses of the original sentences or paragraphs are the property of Suzanne Collins. I own nothing, nor do I plan on profiting from using her work. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: This is far overdue. I should have fixed this story a long time ago, but I'm doing it now. I'm sorry if you prefer the old one, but even so, I would love to hear your feedback in a review. It will be largely different from the original story I wrote.. I want to build her up to actually having sex with Peeta, unlike the one where I made it happen all in one fell swoop. Sorry for typos. Thank you for reading, enjoy. -Taryn(: Chapter One The air is bitingly cold when I step outside in the open, gasping for breath. Dew ridden blades of grass fly underneath my feet, soaking my socks in minutes. Once I hit the pavement they're numb enough to ignore the juts of rocks or cracks, while on my hand there is a throbbing, warm wetness that stings painfully. I know it's from shattering the window of the cellar underneath the empty victor's house, but that's behind me. The selfishness has been forgotten and now all I can do is sprint and out do Peeta. For once in my life, I want to do better than Peeta. I want to feel as if I deserved what he gives me and I have to reach Haymitch before him. Before he can make Haymitch promise to stay behind in District 12 while he will follow me into yet another arena. To protect me. And this time, to never come back out. When I crash through Haymitch's door, staggering through his home's front hallway, I dive towards the only illumination in the entire house. A small, lantern of light blooming from the kitchen. He's sitting alone at the kitchen table a half-empty bottle of white liquor in one fist, his knife in the other. Drunk as a skunk. "Ah, there she is. All tuckered out. Finally did the math, did you, sweetheart? Worked out you won't be going in alone? And now you're here to ask me.. what?" he says. I don't answer. The window on the far side of the room is thrown open and the wind rushing in chills me just the same as if I were standing outside. I'm panting from the run, but it's not why I lower my head and eyes, to stare at the slow, drops of blood falling from my arm and spotting his kitchen floor. I've hit a wall. I want to turn back, go find my mother and my sister and comfort them like I should be doing. They need me, now, not this drunken fool. The spiteful man who has been spitting disapproval and sarcasm since the Victory Tour at me and my ideas... "I'll admit, it was easier for the boy. He was here before I could snap the seal on a bottle. Begging me for another chance to go in. But what can you say?" He mocks me in slurs, mimicking my voice. "'Take his place, Haymitch, because all things being equal, I'd rather Peeta had a crack at the rest of his life than you?'" I bite my lip because once he said it, it is seeping through all my thoughts. I'm afraid I might just ask that exact thing. Then I think.. is that really what I want? For Peeta to live and for Haymitch to die? Haymitch was dreadful, of course, but he is my family now. I can't make him do this. It is my selfishness all over again. There is no excuse for me to simply claim his life for Peeta's. Peeta still out did me. He has done it once more. He jumped over my wants and my choices, and he did it all without selfishness. Even better! He did it with selfless life sacrifice. What did I come here for? I knew it was too late, why did I ever try? Come on Katniss, what could you possibly want by coming here? "I came for a drink," I croak, finally. Haymitch bursts out laughing and slams the bottle on the table before me. I run a blood-free sleeve across the top of it and take a couple gulps before I come up choking. It goes down burning my throat. It takes a few minute to compose myself, and even then my eyes and nose are still streaming. But inside me, the liquor feels like fire and I like it. "Maybe it should be you," I say matter-of-factly. I could feel the alcohol melt into my veins, turning into a sear that makes my skin tingle. "You hate life, anyway," I add, pulling up a chair. "Very true," says Haymitch. "And since last time I tried to keep you alive... seems like I'm obligated to save the boy this time." "That's another good point," I say, wiping my nose and taking another long drink from the bottle. "Peeta's argument is that since I chose you, I now owe him. Anything he wants. And what he wants is the chance to go in again to protect you," Haymitch says. I knew it. In this way, Peeta's not hard to predict. While I was wallowing around on the floor of that cellar, thinking of myself, he was here, thinking only of me. Shame isn't a strong enough word for what I feel. "You could live a hundred lifetimes and not deserve him, you know," Haymitch says. "Yeah, yeah," I say, but that thought hung up on my mind. It has always been there. How could a person accept something they don't deserve? How could said person, gain enough to actually deserve them? I didn't want to let Haymitch see how this effected me and I continue on talking without pause, "No question, he's the superior one in this trio. So, what are you going to do?" I had been hoping he would give me advice to answer my own questions, but I guess that's Haymitch for you, no help at all. "I don't know," he sighs. "Go back in with you maybe, if I can. If my name's drawn at the reaping, it won't matter. He'll just volunteer to take my place." We sit in silence, while my mind continues to nag me. Maybe he's right, maybe I'll never deserve him no matter what I tried. But do I really need to deserve him to give in? Love was an equal thing, or so I've come to think, as little of love as I tend to think of it. Peeta's love, though, is wholeheartedly one sided. At least, it has been for elven years. Maybe I've had it all wrong. My mind struggles to dive more into the concept, but it is slightly fuzzy. The fire in my veins pulses in my head and makes it seem heavy on my neck. Do I really care? No, not really. Love me if he wants, if he can accept that I'm not ready. Yet... of course, he's my friend. I can save him, merely because I don't want him to die. Not for love, not like the country thinks... my mind grows so murky with unfocused thoughts, that I force it all out. "It'll be bad for you in the arena, wouldn't it? Knowing all the others?" I ask. "Oh, I think we can count on it being unbearable wherever I am." He nods at the bottle, clenched in my fist. "Can I have that back now?" "No," I say, hunching over it. Haymitch shrugs and pulls another bottle out from under the table. He gives the top a twist and takes no hesitation in swinging it back. As he does that, I realize I am not just here for a drink. Somewhere in my mind, it'd been trying to conjure up a selfless request. It's hard to find the words, the right ones, but eventually I manage to say, "I've figured out what I'm asking. If it has to be Peeta and me in the Games, this time we try to keep him alive." There. The question contains no selfishness. No ask for sacrifice from another or to deem pain on one of my family members. I feel satisfaction for a mere second, until I see something flicker across Haymitch's bloodshot eyes. Pain. "Like you said, it's going to be bad no matter how you slice it. And whatever Peeta wants, it's his turn to be saved. We both owe him that." My voice comes out pleading, slightly slurred. "Besides, the Capitol hates me so much, I'm as good as dead now. He still might have a chance. Please Haymitch. Say you'll help me." I don't like pleading, it's a weak thing to do, the last thing I want to do. Even when I was starving I hadn't turned to begging on street corners. But this seemed to be okay, if it is for Peeta, and that makes me feel better about it. The liquor helps. Haymitch frowns down at his bottle, weighing my words. "All right," he says after a long pause of silence. And just like that I can breathe again. "Thanks," I say. I should go see Peeta now, but I don't think I want to. My head's spinning from the drink, and I'm so wiped out, who knows what he could get me to agree to? Except the thought of facing my mother and Prim is worse. They will want hugs and kisses and words, that I'm not even able to choke out, let alone reassure. Besides, I should check on him. Haymitch seems to think he acted fine, but I just don't believe that. I remember what he looked like that first reaping, haggard, crest-fallen, and he had been crying on our way to the train. As I step away from the table, taking the bottle with me, I tangle the bleeding hand into the bottom of my shirt. I stagger outside and along the houses, passing the front of mine. I see shadows in the front window across the drawn curtains, more than just the regular two and I know Gale must be there. Another obstacle I'm unable to face at the moment. I don't want a crying Prim to coddle, a furious Gale pacing at my back and the shadow of the deaf and blind woman my mother used to be. The very thought has my stomach turning. Instead, I hurry across my yard towards Peeta's front steps. I am having trouble focusing, the liquor sloshes out of the bottle in my unsteady walk, slipping down my arm as I attempt to turn his doorknob. After the third try it swings open and I find myself wandering inside the front pallor, then through his empty, dark kitchen. I hadn't knocked or rung the bell, so I didn't think he would come running but what I don't expect is that there is no sign of Peeta, no lights are on. I call to him, but there is no answer. Had he gone out? Where would he go? Home? That makes sense, that he would go to comfort his family, something I couldn't do. It almost makes me want to go to them, to check how they are handling this, but I just want this one night, one more hour. Enough time to accept that I am going back. Back, to the arena. Into hell one more time over and this time not to escape. President Snow will have most likely ordered me to be put to death this time around, my chances at winning are as low as they had been for Prim when she was reaped. I am going back, to die. The thought makes me drink another long draught, and I stumble upstairs, since downstairs just seems so gloomy. At the top, through a crack of