DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN LORD OF THE RINGS! THE BOOKS BELONG TO J. R. R. TOLKIEN! THE MOVIES WERE DIRECTED BY PETER JACKSON! ALL INFORMATION USED WAS FOUND AT Lord of the Rings - Tolkien Wiki AND FROM THE LORD OF THE RINGS MOVIES: EXTENDED EDITIONS! AN: This has been my first story in a while. Sorry I haven't uploaded in so long. :) I've been too busy with school and sports to do much writing lately. From now on I will type the story completely before uploading it, so that I can put it all up at one time. I know some of you may not like that, but it has to be done right now. Later, I will upload normally. :) Bare with me please! Unexpected Part 1 Prologue A high-noon sun shone brightly over Middle-earth, lighting the world around the dark horse that was travelling through the slowly thinning woods. The figure on the beast's bare back had been travelling for about twenty and two days, only stopping to sleep and eat. Her travels brought her from Archet, a remote settlement near Bree, to Rivendell, the great Elvin outpost that lay in the foothills of the Misty Mountains. She was in no hurry to get there, despite the rumors of strange Black Riders on storm-black steeds. Whatever they were, they were not after her, so she needn't worry about them now; especially when she was so close to Rivendell. She exited the tree cover, regaining the path once outside of the forest. Once rounding the curve she reigned in her horse and looked down upon Rivendell, situated in the gorge of the River Bruinen. From above, and especially with the bright sunlight, it looked like it shone out to the world. But, how could it, when it was so well hidden? The brown haired woman patted the horse's neck and urged it onward, letting it take it's own pace, having a loose grip on the reins. And within a few minutes, she entered Rivendell for the sole purpose of restocking her supplies… or maybe not. Chapter 1 Linore had never been to Rivendell, though she had heard many fascinating details from travelers that passed this way. She had thought that they had overplayed their accounts here, and she realized how wrong she was the second her horse entered the gate. All of the buildings were made of stone and wood, with intricate woodwork and were equally beautiful to one another. But the structure that stood out the most was the one were Elrond himself housed. It was gorgeous, and masterfully built. All in all, it was truly a spectacle to behold. She was so held by the scene that she almost didn't notice the elf speaking to her. "Miss-," a blonde Elf said. She turned to him in her saddle. "Oh, forgive me. It is so beautiful." Linore listened to the Elf quietly, waiting for her turn to speak. He wanted to know her name and her purpose in Rivendell, and she merely said, "I am known as Linore. I wish to acquire supplies and rest a few days, if Lord Elrond will permit me." The Elf nodded and disappeared from her sight. A few moments later, she dismounted and handed her reigns to another Elf, this one with dark hair, and followed the same blonde Elf to the beautiful structure that she had been studying moments before. Once inside, the elf left her again to find Lord Elrond of Rivendell. The inside was just as marvelous as the rest of the building. It was mostly stone, with beautifully carved columns and walls. She then heard faint footsteps approaching from the back end of the hall. It was Elrond himself. Linore had heard many stories about the Half-Elf that ruled Rivendell, but she thought much more of him. His face was fair, far more beautiful than any man she had ever laid eyes on. And, regardless of his age, his face held none of it. She had heard of his battle accomplishments as well. He was a warrior among warriors in all races of Middle-earth. Linore bowed her head to the Elf master out of respect and awe. Elrond nodded his head and a conversation began. Elrond spoke first, asking why she had come to Rivendell to reassure what he had already been told. "If I may, Lord Elrond," Linore said, "I wish to stay a few days and restock on my supplies if I may." Elrond nodded his head, considering the concept of letting the girl in front of him stay. She wasn't lying to him, he could already tell. She was honest, and, from what he had heard about her, was a trustworthy bodyguard despite her size. "You may stay, Linore," Elrond said, "I have heard of you. Your reputation precedes you, even here. Stay as long as you need it." Linore nodded her head and thanked him. In a time like this, she was lucky that he had let her stay. With so many dark forces moving, she and everybody else in Middle-earth would have to be careful. Elrond left her to another Elf, a female this time, who took her to her own room, where her saddle bag and her belongings had already been placed on a bed of fine fabric. Such were all of the rooms of the house of Elrond. Little did she know that there were others just down the hall from her that were in danger and they would need more help than they thought. When she opened her eyes the next day, she was fully rested and feeling refreshed. She decided, since she would not leave immediately and she would still stay for about one week, that she would walk around a bit and explore the Elfin outpost. She got dressed in her usual clothing. Since it was not yet that cold, she did not need to put of her winter set. She left her guise in the room along with her vambraces, greaves, and swords and pulled on her riding boots over her cotton pants. She walked out onto the balcony across from her room after dressing fully, leaving her hair down. It was long, coming down to the middle of her back. The delicate waves in her hair, along with the sun-bleached highlights, made the light bounce off of it in odd ways, but it was still beautiful. Her eyes had the same effect. They caught the light and shone. Her deep green orbs were normally the first thing that people noticed about her because the color was so pronounced. The trees were still in bloom, only just beginning to change color, and the birds still fluttered about in the air, busying themselves with berries, twigs, and other birds. A few came to perch on the banister, letting her poke at them a bit and coming over close. She had always been good with animals, and they always were close. Some even followed her where she travelled. Over the constant chatter of the birds and other animals that took refuge in the trees, she heard a small scuffling sound that could only be bare feet on stone. She looked over and saw a small man – or boy – around four feet tall. 'A Hobbit, maybe?' she thought. She had heard of them, but she had never been to the Shire. She drew closer to the edge of the balcony and rested her arms on the banister. She was now on the side closest to the balcony that held the Hobbit. He was small, as all Hobbits are, with dark curly hair. Another walked up behind him. This one, small as well, but bigger width-wise, with lighter hair. Both were speaking as if they were old friends, and, even though she was quite a distance away, she could hear them. "Packed already?" the dark haired Hobbit asked. The light haired Hobbit seemed surprised and said, "No harm in bein' prepared." "I thought you wanted to see the elves, Sam," the dark haired one replied. 'Sam,' Linore thought, making a mental note of the small Hobbit's name. She didn't think that she would see any Hobbits in Rivendell at all. "I do…," the conversation went on. "More than anything," the dark haired one said again. "I did," Sam replied, "It's just… We did what Gandalf wanted didn't we? We got the ring this far to Rivendell, and I thought, seein' as how you're on the mend, we'd be off soon. Off home…" ' Gandalf? The Grey? A wizard is here?' she thought. Linore had seen many things, but never a wizard. 'Maybe I'll get my first chance soon,' she thought. The dark haired Hobbit agreed and said, "The Ring will be safe in Rivendell." The Hobbits left the balcony, and so she roamed the halls of the House of Elrond, filling her time with discovering the secrets of Elvin society. She wandered a few gardens, where the plants were left alone to grow as they pleased and spread their foliage where they would. And she even walked a few of the open lanes, where the leaves of overhanging trees littered here and there. She discovered that Elves, when at home, were quiet creatures, playing instruments in their free time or doing other works of art. While she was walking through the halls, she noticed something odd. Others, like herself, humans, arrived during the day. This was odd; the fact that there were so many other people coming to the outpost. These were people bearing the colors of Gondor, with their symbol, the White Tree of Gondor. They had come a long way, and for an important reason no doubt. Other Elves, not from Rivendell, arrived later. And the stranger thing… Dwarves arrived in Rivendell. Dwarves in Rivendell, being, basically, the sworn enemies of Elves, were as uncommon of a sight as a dragon in the Shire. Something was happening, and Linore, being the curious, distant type, wanted to find out what it was. Her feet carried her to the altar where the Shards of Narsil were held. Along the wall was a mural of the Dark Lord Sauron looming over Isildur, who held up the broken sword to cut the One Ring from his hand. She turned to look upon the Shards of Narsil. They were a truly beautiful thing, even in their broken state. It was like the pieces shone, just as they did when the sword was whole. Linore stood there for many moments, contemplating on her life thus far. She had no recollection of her childhood. Anything past six years ago was all a blur. The only thing she did remember was the group of rouge Uruk-Hai as they attacked her from the shadows. Since then, all she had done was fight against the dark forces of Mordor. She had killed countless Orcs and Uruk-Hai in those past six years, but she had not regained her memory at all. Killing the enslaved beasts of Mordor was for her personal vengeance. But she realized that she was helping Middle-earth as well, in a small way. However, there were thousands – millions – of Orcs in the world, and she was only contributing to a small fraction. A fraction that would not even be noticed. "I only wish that I could do more." "Then do it," a voice said from behind her. Linore turned quickly and saw a tall man with dark hair and grey eyes that seemed to hold information past his years. He did not appear to be old at all and still had some aspects of youth in his build to her eyes. He stood with his arms crossed looking at her from the steps that led down to inner parts of the building, where the altar stood. "What?" she asked. She remembered this man from somewhere, but she couldn't exactly place him. "You heard me. I know you did. Your hearing