BATO 2015 Christmas Special Warning! Contain spoilers! I ducked as an onslaught of snowballs zoomed my way, the apprentices playing a game called 'Snow War', in which they pelted snowballs at the opposing team and attempted to 'kill' them all. Older kits were often allowed to play a slightly safer game with the supervision of their parents. It was winter time, and when it's winter, FireClan is often in a foul mood all together. We hate the cold, at least most of us. But since it was nearing Christmas time, everyone was in a far better mood. We don't celebrate 'Christmas' per say. We call it 'Giving Day', and according to legend, a warrior once wandered from clan to clan, gifting each good warrior with something they wanted. Ever since those ancient times long ago, all clans have celebrated it. This was FireClan's first time, in at least a thousand years since it was destroyed. Last year, we were unable to, still attempting to rebuild what had been lost. This year, we were no longer quite as busy, so the preparations were under way. The entire Camp Half-Blood was being decorated in lights, floating candles, and other things. Curtesy of the Hecate cabin, a few magical spells were being used to make it seem even more of a magical time, pardon the pun. Even Hiccup was getting in on the fun, when he wasn't being mentored anyway. Our three newest warriors; Chris, Aiden and Tanis, were especially getting in on the fun. Tanis had flown in from Camp Jupiter to spend the holidays with his brother. For once, in our brief spells of peace, everyone was happy. Conversations weren't about the looming threat over our heads, they were playful banter between friends, snowball fights, gifts and slightly threatening one another over the promise of a snowball to the face. I, myself, was attempting to enjoy some hot choco I'd made, but this proved to be challenging due to the amount of snowballs in the air. I finally slid into a bench near the now frozen lake. Normally, Camp Half-Blood wasn't this snowed in, but due to negotiations with Mr. D (read, threatening please, as there's no way he'd agree otherwise) we had a great amount of snow to play around in and amuse the apprentices as well as the warriors. I saw a snowball come sailing high in the air towards me before another snowball came from behind and intercepted it, making a snow explosion. I spun my head around to see Tanis, Chris and Aiden. Aiden was grinning like a madman, Chris had his casual smile on and Tanis simply had a pleased look on his face. He'd probably been the one to intercept the snowball. Aiden darted over, but tripped over a hard patch of snow, and fell into a snow bank before popping his head out, spitting out the snow and getting up again. The trio came closer, and though I could tell he was trying to hide it, Tanis was faintly smiling at his brother. "Hi!" Aiden said cheerfully, wrapping me in a huge bearhug. Thankfully for him, my hot choco cup had a cover, so it didn't spill on him. "Well, if it isn't my three favorite new warriors of FireClan. What can I do for you boys?" Chris shrugged. "We mostly came over here to say 'hi," "And get away from all the Snow Wars." Tanis added, flopping down furthest away on the bench, and pulling his phone out, presumably to text someone. "Yeah, that too." Chris said, sitting between me and Tanis. "I came to say hi!" Aiden said. He sat down on the other side of me. "And also wrap me in a bearhug." I noted. "That too." he grinned. "Glad we got that all straight. So then, how are you enjoying the preparations for our Giving Day?" "They're awesome! Although, Tanis almost got hit by one of those glowing orb thingys earlier." Aiden replied. "Mostly because you decided to play with it, you moron." Tanis retorted. "Well it was shiny!" Aiden replied, as if this was a reasonable explanation for messing around with the Giving Day decorations. Tanis rolled his eyes, and resumed what he was doing. I took a sip of my hot choco. "Do you guys even know the reason we celebrate Giving Day?" Chris and Aiden shook their heads. Tanis did not. "Do you know, Tanis?" "I took a class back at Camp Jupiter on Dragonese traditions and stuff. The teacher there told us that Giving Day was created a long time ago when a mysterious demidragon left small gifts of food to the needy families of a clan. These needy families were looked down upon by the other members, but they were kind and giving. So this demidragon gave them food, and other gifts to help them along. He gave all of the clans with families in need something. The next morning, the family awoke to the sight of fresh food and other things they needed. It would be all wrapped up in some sort of animal hide that they'd left out to dry overnight. So every year since then, demidragons have left out hides to dry, and a bushel of mints along with chamomile tea, or something else to help the demidragon that became simply known as Giver, on his nightly journey to all the clans. If you leave something out for him, and the hides, he gives you something" he said, without looking up. "Correct. That is how the celebration started. You forget that in order to get gifted, you must do what you're supposed to all year, and then a little bit extra kindness. Get a piece of food for someone who needs it. Teach a warrior who's struggling in something how to do it better. You get the gist." I said nodding. Aiden had the look of an excited six year old on his face. "Is it true?" "Well, the random bundles of gifts have been going on for thousands of years, so what do you think?" "I CAN'T WAIT! WHAT DO WE DO?!" He screeched. I jumped, almost dropping my cup, if it hadn't been for Chris grabbing my arm. "Thanks," "No problem." he replied, letting go. "Anyway, since you're so enthusiastic, why don't we store my hot choco in another dimension and I show you what we do?" He nodded his head so furiously, I thought it was gonna pop off. "Jeez man, don't hurt yourself." I muttered, sticking the cup into blank air, confident that I would find a space for it to stay safe for awhile. And sure enough, it disappeared. Little trick I've learned when planning around with magic textbooks and theories. I rose from the bench and waited for them to do the same. We walked to the archery range was, where things had been taken down for awhile. Instead of shooting at the target, there was a floating holly berry, which you would try to hit with a dart, from about five feet away. Tricky. Despite the obvious challenge to this, there was a long line of a lot of people. Most of them were older apprentices, hanging around their friends and messing around. Abble was up at the first target with a dart, a group of boys behind him. I recognized some of them: Kelvin, Andrew and Garter. Known troublemakers in our clan. Knowing them, they'd probably dared him to try and hit the target, thinking he'd fail. Abble carefully picked up one of the darts from the booth when an extremely bored looking Peter sitting down. He seemed to be standing still for a minute, calculating how to throw it. "Hey, not to be rude or anything man, but hurry it up. You're taking too long." Peter said in a somewhat monotone voice. "Oh. Sorry." Abble said, his face becoming a bit redder than it already was due to the cold. He stuck his tongue out, brought his arm and hurled the dart at the floating berry. He just managed to hit it, causing the berry to go straight to the bullseye another five feet away. Shock went through the crowd. Peter, now suddenly alert, jumped out of his chair and jogged to where the dart was. He pulled it out, not bothering to brush the holly berry off. "You are the first person I've seen today hit that, that wasn't me or Apple. Good job, Abble!" Peter announced with a grin. He jogged back to Abble and handed him the dart. Once it made contact with Abbles hand, it shone like the sun, dimming down a bit after at least a minute. It looked like it was made out of the sun. The berry didn't drip anymore, and it was firmly stuck on the end. "Magical dart, magical berry. She's all yours now, Abble." Peter said with a grin. Abble straightened up, looking proud. He stepped out of line, examining it, and noticed that I was present as well. He speed walked over to me. "I can't believe it, Blaze. When I come to dis country, I never think I vould actually accomplish anything…." he trailed off, his eyes drifting up towards mine before wrapping me in a huge hug. "Thank you for inviting me to live here, Blaze. I finally found vhere I belong." he let go, and with a huge grin on his face, walked away, presumably, to find Hiccup and show him. I shook my head, smiling. I knew this particular challenge was possible, even if very difficult, but I was still glad he was happy. I began to lead them to the cabins, which were all decorated in some way for the holidays. The Demeter cabin had grown small pine trees and poinsettias, Hermes had put up some old lights. Ahena had put Santa hats on their owl statues, Ares had put a red collar with bells and spikes on their boar head. Dionysus had the usual grapevines around it, but they had bows attached to it. Aphrodite had somehow made their entire area smell of cinnamon and hot choco, Hephaestus had made metal reindeer animatronics and they were currently walking around the area. The Hades cabin (which only had my brother Nico, and occasionally my sister Hazel) had a sign that said "Happy Holidays...now die" on the front. Percy had even hung a wreath out front of the Poseidon cabin, made mostly of hardened sand and seashells. When we got to Dragon Cabin, which was near the edge of the woods, there was different decorations. Dragon Cabin is much bigger than the normal cabin, inside and out. It's slightly smaller than the Big House on the outside and on the inside it's bigger than the entire camp. It shines with different colors depending on the person looking at it. It can even have different designs. It looks like an old log cabin kinda, with a wooden door with carved letters in Greek and Dragonese. Messily painted as well, is Latin, Latin Dragonese and a few other languages that Hunter recently painted on with the aid of his girlfriend and one of my half-sisters; Wave. The decorations that were around it, were bounds of ivy, with bows attached. Certain flowers grew among the ivy, and I had a feeling Lizzie was responsible for that. Setha had made ice sculptures appear, as well as simplified versions of the flower she was named for; setha. Caleb, Ishmael and Hunter had pitched in together to create wooden simplified statues of three demidragons representing them, playing together. A wreath hung on the roof, being huge, with a little something from everyone. Setha had contributed ice, Hunter; a little lion, Ishmael; a bear claw, Caleb: a carved wolf head. I'd worked together with my half sisters and Flame (who is my full sister by the way) to make an elemental bow, with lightning and storm clouds, sea water, and fire and bones. I saw