Rating: T Pairing: Aragorn/Legolas (so it is male x male. Don't like, don't read) A/N: I hope my English is getting better! Disclainer: Aragorn, Legolas and the other characters of this fic belong to JRR Tolkien. I own nothing but the plot! Three Dreams (are made of these…) I'm here to teach him. Rivendell is one of my most favourite places in the world and I couldn't imagine any place that holds more beauty than this valley concealed between the mountains. The rivers shine silvery even in the daylight hours and the water is crystal clear so that you can see straight to the ground. The small rivers that wind through the valley and beneath the small houses dance over the rocks and form them in their eternal play. The trees that surround us are high and so green like nowhere else. They seem to stretch their branches towards the sky, try to reach the clouds to play with them. I know they are older than us elves and they will survive everything in Middle Earth because their root reach deep into the core of our planet itself. That is why the leaves gleam even in the pale moonlight. The bark is scarred and knotted it tells a long story of living and dying. I teach him because I love to be here. The houses and pavilions are old, built by a generation of elves that I barely know. I don't recall ever seeing one of them, some have left for the new shores, some have left for finding peace and some have left forever. Marble columns tell the tale of ancient architects both spirited and gifted and they have left their legacy for us to marvel it's beauty. White statues of the ancient Gods line the wide gardens, some of them half covered with ivy but who would dare to destroy these plants that make this place so enthralling? Nature is a part of us elves and we are a part of nature. A symbiosis that shows itself so wonderfully in Rivendell. I teach him because I love to stay with my friends. Arwen and Glorfindel are my most precious companions and when I'm here we use to talk whole nights until dawn and we never get tired of talking. There are so many things to discuss, poems, music, diplomatic topics, nature, people, us. Sometimes we just sit together on the roof of a higher building and watch the moon and the stars. They say the sky holds answers to our questions and we try to see what these answers might be. But no one can see the future unless he goes there. Future will always stay veiled until the day when tomorrow becomes today. Arwen can kind of see the future or more, things that might happen once we made a decision. But what she sees is not always true. It shows a possibility. And we have so much possibilities that it seems arrogant to call this fortune telling. But when she sees what is going to happen she shares her visions with Glorfindel and me and we muse about it. I teach him because he is one of the most eager learners I have ever seen in my entire life. And even if I'm young by the standard of elves I feel even younger when I'm with him. My millennia fade and I feel like a young man or a boy even when we are out in the sun together and he shows me his progress. Estel was born to fight with his sword but one day he came to my room and asked me to teach him archery. He had heard of my exceptional talent and he wants to learn from a master. I felt flattered when he told me this and I guess this is why I say 'yes' in the first place. Even as a young man he knows what he wants and he even more so knows how to get it. Estel is twenty one now and he changes. The boy becomes a man and you can see him change day by day. Officially his education was complete when he turned twenty but he wants to learn more. I'm glad that he came to me. He is nice company and when we pause we sit down and talk just like I use to talk with Arwen and Glorfindel. I never thought a mere human can be an inspiring partner in a discussion but he is. I so enjoy talking to him that time flies and the evening comes faster than I noticed. It is dark now and we have stopped talking about an hour ago and now it is us two staring into the sky waiting for the stars to paint their art on the black sky. "Legolas, will you ever go back to Mirkwood?" Estel asks into the silence and I'm taken off guard by his question. His voice is firm but he has only whispered in a low tone so that it feels like we share a secret. "Mirkwood is my home. My father lives there and I'm the prince. So yes, someday I will have to go back." I answer with a vague gesture of my pale hands. Estel follows them with his eyes, staring at my fingers. I wonder why he does this silently asking him but he chooses to ignore the question in my eyes. "I hope you will not leave too soon." He says instead and it makes me curious. I search his deep hazelnut brown eyes for an answer and I know that he doesn't try to hide anything from me. He is relaxed while I want to see what lies beyond those depths. Smiling he waits while I take my time. He is beautiful. I have noticed this before but now I can see it so clearly. Perhaps it is the moonlight that grazed his handsome face with its silver rays. Estel has been a good looking child from the beginning. I remember the day I first saw him and this was the first thing I thought about him. I knew that he would become an attractive man. Perhaps that was my vision of his future. His lips part when his smile grows brighter which makes me gasp for I notice I want to touch the soft skin and let my fingers trace them. They would feel like rose petals, I know for sure. As if he knows what I'm thinking he edges a little bit closer to me and lets a hand rest on my shoulder. He suddenly makes me nervous, making me tense while my heart skips a beat. I have always loved to watch beautiful things: the sky, the moon, the sun, flowers, architecture, faces… But it is nothing compared to his beauty and it takes me just a split second to notice that I want him with all my heart. It scares me and it will scare him but he inches closer to me until we are side by side, our hips and legs pressed together. I can feel his warm skin through his closes and I guess he can hear my heart beat. "Legolas, I hate the thought that you will leave someday." He confesses. "I guess I like you. You are my friend and I feel close to you. Perhaps because you are the only one of the elves that never treated me like a stranger. Elrond was the only one who accepted that I'm not like the elves. And now you." His words sound strange to someone like me because I have never thought about him being different. He is just Estel to me. Not the human Estel or Elrond's foster son Estel. Just Estel. Just him. "I know that elven hearts may seem cold and reserved sometimes especially for us humans who tend to show every emotion. But I know yours is not." How does he know? All this time I haven't noticed this myself. The closeness is tempting and it takes all my strength to not pull him into my arms and hug him close to me. His presence is overwhelming – it has always been – and I guess I would lose my temper once I feel him close to me. His eyes search mine and I guess he knows what I'm thinking. Elves tend to call humans dumb but Estel is the most comprehensive person I have ever met. I release my breath with a shiver which he notices. I guess he doesn't even know what he is saying or doing to me right now. I won't call it naïve just… inexperienced. "Estel, it is late. Aren't you tired?" I ask a little breathless. I can see the hurt on his face when I ask him and he stands up stiffly and nods without a word. I never want to hurt him and sadness engulfs my heart when I see him like this. I cannot stand to see his pain and so I grab his wrist so that he stops. He doesn't turn around to look at me and so I just talk to his back. "You are young, Estel. There may be feelings that you don't understand right now, but you will see what they are when you get older." I tell him. With a strange expression he turns around to look at me again. I know that I have lost him because his eyes have shut me out. He has never looked so cold and distant before. "Don't bother, Mellon." His voice mocks me. "I know I will never be as old and wise as you elves but I know what I want." His words aim to hurt me like he hurts but I cannot let this happen. I stand up, my hand still surrounding his wrist, and pull him closer to me so that I can let my hands rest on his shoulder. "My beautiful Estel, you don't know what you do to me. I wish you would because then it would be a lot easier for both of us. I will never do anything that could destroy our friendship so please just leave it like that. Don't make me do something that we both might regret." I whisper. Estel just stares at me and I can see that he understands but he doesn't want to hear this. I'm weak. I cannot hold myself back and so I just lean forward and caress his face with my lips. When has he grown up so that we are on eye level? He has always been smaller than me. He has grown without me noticing. The young man trembles slightly when I shower his temples and cheeks with feather light kisses. When I continue like this he tilts his head so that I come closer to his lips which nearly makes me go insane. Years and years of self control and restraint fall off me and I capture his lips with mine. They are as soft as rose petals just as I imagined and they taste like honey when I part them and deepen the kiss. Estel kisses me back and I can feel his hands slip around my neck while mine grab his waist to pull him close. He enjoys this just like I do I can tell by the way he leans into the kiss. Estel gives a low moan from deep within his throat and this is what brings my senses back to me. I break the kiss and look down at the handsome man. His eyes are still closed and his lips slightly parted. I let go of him, taking a few steps back. "I'm sorry, Estel." I mumble. "Forgive me." Then I turn around and leave. This should never have happened. He is too young, too precious to fall for another man. He doesn't know what he wants, I tell myself and when I enter my room I