A/N: This is a collection of one-shots tying into my primary AU verse, which is composed of two prequel/sequel series. The prequel story (The Path Not Tread) is set in the Marauder era, and is a what-if AU branching from a canon argument Lily and Severus had, in which I explore how something as small as saying three sentences in different order might eventually result in a completely altered canonical history. The sequel series (The Lion and The Snake) follows the canon timeline of this alternate universe, with the biggest change being that James and Lily do not marry, and instead, Harry's mother is Lily's good friend Mary Macdonald, while Lily has a son named Evan with Severus. Harry is still the Boy Who Lived, but due to the changes in the Marauder era that eventually impact all of the main characters of that time, Sirius is stopped by Remus from going after Peter, does not end up wrongly convicted in Azkaban, and is therefore Harry's primary guardian, raising him on the stories of the Marauders and their adventures. Meanwhile, Lily's survival in the First Wizarding War results in drastic changes to the political situation of Wizarding Britain, as she becomes something of a revolutionary, introducing the Muggle concept of political parties to the governance model, pushing for massive schooling reforms that are less isolationist from the Muggle world than in canon, and helping to secretly institute a much stronger and continued influence of the Order of the Phoenix on the main players on the political stage in an attempt to suppress the Pure-blood-led anti-Muggle sentiment that helped Lord Voldemort reach such heights during the First Wizarding War. New readers might want to keep this in mind when checking out this particular body of work. I've started off the collection with something that should be mostly self-explanatory so long as you keep in mind that this is an alternate universe you're dealing with. That said, the one-shots will have a wider range than the primary stories, as I'll use them to explore side characters and events that weren't directly relevant to the big plotlines of the primary stories. I'll update as I come up with things, which means it won't be chronological and it won't be regular. If anyone has requests or is interested in some aspect of my alternate universe, I'm open to doing them, so long as I'm not already planning to put them in somewhere else. This first one-shot fits somewhere quite soon after Chapter 8 of 'The Lion, The Snake and The Stone', and, as the date would suggest, at the beginning of their first year of Hogwarts. September 1991 Hermione's Hero When Professor Minerva McGonagall had come to the Granger home in April of 1991 to inform them that their only daughter was a witch, Hermione's world changed in what was perhaps the most drastic way she could ever have imagined, and not simply because the stern-looking teacher had revealed to her that she could do magic. No, it was for a much simpler reason than that – it was because with her explanation, Professor McGonagall had finally made all those strange little instances in Hermione's life make sense. Like that time when those girls were making fun of her hair, and the next day one of them hadn't shown up for school because, gossip had revealed later, all her hair had fallen out in the night, or that time when she'd been at the bookstore and the book she'd really wanted, on the highest shelf, had slid out and fallen on the ground right by her feet, or dozens of other little ones that had made Hermione think something was different about her. Now she knew what it was, and she felt finally, for the first time, at ease with herself. Her curiosity had been impossible to contain after that, and she found as many books as she could about magic and the wizarding world, and spent her summer reading through them almost obsessively. She read Hogwarts, A History and The History of Magical Britain and she even found one called Magical Heritage: Why Purity Matters , which she thought was one-sided and bigoted and insulting, even if it did introduce her to the concepts of Pure-bloods, Half-bloods and Muggle-borns. There was a lot of information about someone everyone called You-Know-Who or He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, which was just absurd and extremely frustrating, because it was ridiculously hard to find what this supposedly dangerous Dark Wizard was even called properly, and she learned all about the Potters, James and Mary Potter, who gave their lives to stop You-Know-Who, and their son Harry, who somehow survived with only a scar on his forehead. The people who wrote these books loved James and Mary Potter, but they adored Harry Potter, calling him The-Boy-Who-Lived, most of them insisting that he'd survived the Killing Curse, though Hermione had managed to find out eventually that the Killing Curse was unstoppable, which made her think they were all just being stupid and exaggerating. But the one person Hermione grew to love reading about the most, she discovered very late in the summer, when she finally got to the texts about after the war (she was a proper historical researcher, of course, which meant that she was going to go absolutely chronologically and not jump to newer information until she'd learn of the older first, because that was how time worked and it would be hard to understand stuff that came later if she didn't know the stuff that came before). That person was a Muggle-born who had made what Hermione gathered was the biggest change in the history of Wizarding British politics, the person who fought against everything Hermione had disliked in that stupid purity book, and her name was Lily Evans. She knew that Lily Evans had been only twenty-one years old when the war had ended and she'd become very active in politics. She knew that Lily Evans was the one who'd created the first wizarding political party in Britain, the Coalition for Muggle-born Witches and Wizards, and she knew that Lily Evans had apparently modernised Hogwarts, which sounded very bloody amazing to Hermione, since she'd read Hogwarts, a History and both knew that Hogwarts had barely changed in the last thousand years and had been afraid that she'd not get proper normal subjects in school, like Mathematics and English Literature and Science. But most of all, Hermione loved Lily Evans because she was just like Hermione, Muggle-born and smart and a girl, and she'd showed the whole world that being all those things was something to be proud of. Hermione, who'd never had proper friends because no one liked snooty, know-it-all, book-obsessed, ugly girls, decided that she wanted to be just like her new hero. She wanted to be somebody the whole world would be proud of. When Hermione entered the library, the Slytherin first-year she'd met two weeks ago was sitting at the table in the corner, reading what appeared to be a letter. Hermione took a moment to study him, from the way he seemed self-contained and orderly, to his greasy hair that hung around his face. She'd seen him yesterday with clean hair, and it really took her by surprise again, how quickly it got greasy-looking. She could go for weeks without washing her hair without it appearing any less clean than it did when she'd freshly washed it. She imagined most curly hair was like that. "Why don't you ever tie your hair back?" she asked him, placing her bag on the floor by the chair she chose for herself. "Or cut it short? It'd look less..." "Dirty?" Evan Snape finished for her with a long-suffering sigh. "Shockingly, I like my hair long and loose, and I can't very well help it that I have a horrible hair type." "Yes, but why ?" "I dunno; why don't you cut your hair short?" "Because I'd look even worse than I look now with it." "I don't know; it might be easier to manage." She gave him the stink eye – and it was such a pleasing surprise that she had someone whom she could give such a look without them being horrible to her in the next moment and then never speaking to her again – and dropped the conversation. Instead, she pulled out her newest book, The Intricacies of Modern Wizarding Warfare and the Consequences Thereof: From Grindelwald to You-Know-Who and Beyond , along with their Charms and Transfiguration homework assignments. "Oh, please don't tell me you're reading that," Evan muttered when his eyes fell on her stuff. "Why not? It seems like a good book." "It's supposed to be a book about tactics and battles and other gory war things, and they wouldn't even write You-Know-Who's name," he groused. "Mum's always on about that." " You don't say Voldemort's name." Unlike most other people she'd met recently, Evan didn't overtly react to the name. "Dad doesn't tolerate the name at home, and I'd rather not call him the Dark Lord, since that has some bad connotations. Usually, they just call him 'he' if he comes up in discussion. Guess it's a habit." "It's ridiculous, you know. It's just a name, like Hitler and Mussolini and Stalin. There's no reason not to call him by his name." "If that's his name, that is." "You think it's not?" "We don't have lordships in Magical Britain, and there's certainly no family named Voldemort. I'm pretty sure he made it up himself." "Do people do that?" "Sure, sometimes," Evan confirmed. "Though, usually it's just to be fancy in school. My dad called himself the Half-Blood Prince, because his mum was from the Prince family, and he was Half-blood. He signed his books like that. See?" He pulled out his potions textbook and flipped to the inside of the front covers, where, indeed, there was a faded script stating 'Property of Half-blood Prince' in the lower corner. Hermione shook her head at the ridiculousness of it all and just chucked it up to the magical world generally being a little whacky. "The book's all right," she said, "though I'm reading it mostly for the last couple of chapters, cause they talk about Lily Evans in them. Have you heard of her? She's this famous witch who came up with the idea to make a political party, because she's Muggle-born and she fought in the war against Voldemort and turned wizarding politics upside-down. She's really, really amazing, she showed that Muggle-borns are every bit as worthy as Pure-bloods, and I wanted to meet her – she has a shop in Diagon Alley, did you know that, and I suppose it must be a bit tiring to have people coming in just to meet you, but I imagine that's also good for business, isn't it – but it was too late when I found this out, it was only two days before we were to come here, but my mum and dad promised they'd take me over the... winter... hols, Evan, are you ok?" Only now was she noticing the pinched expression on his face that she thought might be the result of his face not knowing whether to laugh or to grimace. He didn't say anything; instead, he handed her the envelope of the letter he'd been reading. Confused, Hermione looked down at it, wondering what that had to do with her words. The address on the front was simply Evan's name, which didn't tell her anything at all. "What did you want me to see?" "The envelope; turn it around." She did. It wasn't hard to spot, since it was the only thing on the other side – the return address in the top left corner. Lily Snape 112 Ivory Way Waltham Forest London "Your mum's name is Lily, too," she exclaimed, figuring out that this was why he'd found it so funny. When she looked up, though, he again