A/N : "Bound by Blood" is a 24–Author–24–Tribute fanfiction. For those of you unfamiliar with this terminology, it entails twenty–four authors collaborating to create one Hunger Games, each of them writing from the First–Person Point of View of a different tribute. It's like an SYOT. Only...yano...legal. Legal FTW! c: "Bound by Blood" (or 'B–b–B', as we authors refer to it) is also a sequel to our story "Blood Dreams", which is unfortunately on an indefinite hiatus. I know what you're thinking: why for the love of God/Yahweh/Allah/Zeus/Odin/the Flying Spaghetti Monster are we writing the sequel when the original isn't done? That would be for a number of reasons, actually: (A.) We have people lined up for the sequel who are ready to start. (B.) Many "Blood Dreams" authors are no longer committed to the project. And (C.) We know how "Blood Dreams" plays out. If you are one of those types who can't stand spoilers, then please do not continue reading! We begin with a prologue detailing the end and consequent aftermath of last year's Games. This (of course) includes who won. Seriously. It's in the POV title. Don't look there. Everyone else, leave an offering of chocolate chip cookies, cake, or pudding by the door and come on in. (We accept strawberries in a pinch—ripe ones, that is.) ... ... ... Aqua Rio , 17 ~ District 4 Victor CelineAnnamarie Oh my God! What do I do?! I see Gleam running to stop Lila from tackling me, knives in her hand. "Gleam!" I yell, running toward him. I'm thwarted by Dominic in my way. He pushes me to the ground by my shoulders; it's a hard–yet–gentle push. Why isn't he using that sword of his to stab me? Oh, I get it! Lila told him she wants to kill me. I've got to help Gleam! I try to get up, but Dominic puts his foot down on my shoulder—hard, keeping me restrained. I scream silently. Why does his boot hurt so much?! This is it...I'm going to have to hear Gleam die. I start crying, glaring at Dominic. I look over and try to get to my trident, but he slams his foot on my arm. "AH!" I scream out loud that time. "Aqua!" Gleam shouts my name. I try to get up, and feel all of Dominic's weight on me. I think I hear my bones start to crack. So painful! When suddenly— The weight is gone. I look, and Nolan has slammed his entire body into Dominic. Gleam looks at me, having Lila pinned on the ground, and yells something. What did he say? My mind is clouded; I can't hear anyone anymore. I read his lips and make out, "Run!" I hesitantly obey. Picking up my trident, I take off into the city. I take multiple turns in the maze of ruins, and judge that I'm on the east side. There's the forest. I stumble through it, stopping at a lake to get a drink of water. It's nighttime now, and cold. I hope Gleam is okay. I should have stayed , I think to myself, crying once more. I huddle in a fetal position, thinking about the mistake I have made. ... I awake the next morning feeling cold and sick to my stomach. I lie still to make the pain go away, but sadly it doesn't work. What is this? Why do I feel like I'm going to throw up? Is it the guilt eating at me? No...this is actual throw–up. I get on my hands and knees slowly, and crawl away from where I set up camp. I can't hold back anymore as the bile leaves my stomach. I feel a little better after I finally stand—a bit dizzy, though. I walk back to camp and wash up. I hope Gleam made it away from those two. I never should have left him. I passed out as soon as I reached this lake, so I didn't get to see the faces in the sky last night. A tear goes down my cheek as I process his possible death. I hear footsteps in the distance, coming closer. I move to my trident, heart pumping and adrenaline rushing. Fear makes my skin clammy. I look around, and there I see him: Dominic, wide–eyed and enraged. He holds a sword in one hand and an axe in the other. As blood drips from the sword, I let out a blood–curdling wail of grief. I fall to my knees. He killed him. Dominic killed Gleam. When I finally look at Dominic again, our eyes make contact. There's something in them, I don't know what it is. But I don't have time to worry about that. He lets out a scream and throws the axe. My eyes widen, heart skipping a beat as I roll out of the way. The axe skims my right arm and leaves a gaping wound. I wince and grab it, picking up my trident and taking off. The anger I feel is too much to actually go that far into the forest. I turn around and wait for him. He weaves his way through the trees skillfully. How am I going to beat him, I whimper to myself. I throw my trident when he gets near, and it stabs into his shoulder. He yells in anger and tosses it like a flimsy toy. My eyes widen. He comes closer, swinging his sword at me almost blindly. I dodge and duck swiftly—I cannot die! He backs me into a tree, and I duck just in time to get the sword firmly planted into the trunk. Even with how strong Dominic is, it's going to take him a minute to pull it out. He's smarter than to think I won't take that minute to kill him. He leaves the sword lodged, and charges. I scream in fear and turn to run. I feel my body being yanked back by my left arm, and let out a yelp as pain soars through it. I can't tell what he's doing, but it hurts. He picks me up by the neck, and I gasp. I can't suck in any more air. This can't be it! I start trying to hit and kick him. He grabs my left arm again and does some kind of movement; I scream as I literally see the bone pop out of place. The adrenaline pumping harder through my veins allows me to kick him in his sensitive area. He drops me, and I scramble to get up, coughing and trying to take in air. I see my trident where he threw it, and make a break for it. Almost! Its golden metal is like a beacon of hope as I run. Then I'm brought down inches in front of it. He grabs my leg, and I try kicking at his face while reaching. He's so absorbed in stopping my legs that he doesn't see me pick the trident up; I ram it through his throat and he gasps, blood trickling out of his mouth. I lie there panting, waiting for the cannon to go off. Waiting to be picked up. Waiting to go home. 6 MONTHS LATER I find myself gaining more weight each week. The morning sickness I had in the Games hasn't stopped. I'm trying to deny the truth; I don't want it to be true, and yet...I do—I'm pregnant with Gleam's child. I can't believe I allowed that to happen. I'm too young! I have no clue what to do. I haven't said anything to my parents, but I'm sure they know. I mean...I'm almost half the size of a halibut. I wish my father would say something to me . We are now living in the Victor's Village, in a huge house on the beach. It's absolutely beautiful. But the only things on my mind right now—as I lean on the third–floor balcony, staring at the sea—are my father, my pregnancy, and how I'm going to deal with it. I can't abort the poor thing; it's already alive. I don't want to give it up for adoption, because it's the last thing I have of Gleam besides the bracelet he gave me. What if President Snow comes along and executes me? I really don't think he's happy with tributes getting knocked up during the Games. I cry silently, hot tears falling down my cheeks and stinging my eyes. I miss Gleam so much. I play with the bracelet that was originally his token. I've been wearing it since I got out of the Games. It's bright, glittering silver, and broad with five rows of diamonds covering every inch of the outside. A smooth, cold silver band on the inside has the message, 'I belong to the champion of the Games'. I cry a little harder, thinking of Gleam and this sentence; I firmly believe he should have won. I should have stayed with him instead of running. Maybe Dominic wouldn't have killed him... I don't want to go on the Victory Tour—that will bring more publicity to the fact that I'm pregnant. I would need a cover story. Scratch that: I will need a cover story. I suppose I could say it's Zachary's. Even though it's someone else's, he seems not to care. He fell in love with me after I won. I think I'm a replacement for Alison, but he gives me the support and love I need right now from a male. I walk into my room, drying my eyes, and stare at the dress hanging from the closet door. It is a gorgeous teal. The waist is decorated in white pearls, forming a belt. The sleeves come off to around my shoulders. And I don't even know if it will fit me anymore. I put a hand on my bulging stomach. What a cute little parasite. It doesn't matter whether I want to go or not: it's today. Any minute now, Faustina, Largo, and Lileia will burst through my door, showering me with smiles and tears of happiness. They will then prep me—as they did before—and gossip about what is being said about me in the Capitol. As I predicted, my prep team bursts through the door with wide smiles. But as soon as they get a good look at me in my white cotton nightgown, they all collectively gasp. I cover my mouth with my hand, trying not to laugh. "Goodness...what...what happened to you?" Faustina asks, her eyes moving up and down my body. The others do the same. "Oh, come on, guys. It's not that bad," I joke. Their faces tell me this is not a laughing matter. "I got pregnant." I smile sheepishly. They collectively gasp again and demand to know whose it is. "Is it Gleam's?!" Largo pipes up. I feel a sudden pang of fear. "N–no!" They're confused. I answered too quickly. "It's Zachary's." I hope they don't catch my lie. The looks that they're giving say they do, but none of them calls my bluff. "Well...anyway, Largo," Faustina says. (Bullet dodged?) Largo turns his attention. "Go adjust Aqua's dress." She pulls up a chair and motions for me to sit. I slowly sit, automatically placing my hand on my stomach. "You know...for being fat...you look really cute pregnant." I think it's supposed to be a compliment, so I smile. Soon begins the horrendous remaking sequence. I hate this. I always feel violated. My hair plucked, my face caked with makeup, my nails heavy with polish, and my hair stiff with spray. I let them do their job without any complaints, though. They're extra careful not to use any products that would harm my baby. Eventually, Largo comes back with the dress. It doesn't look any different than before, but when they slip it onto my naked body it fits like a glove. I smile at how comfortable it is. "I love silk," I muse out loud. They go on to