This was my contribution to The Fandom for Mental Health Awareness, an amazing compilation that raised much needed money to support mental health organizations. Thank you to the ladies that put it together, and the wonderful people that supported it. Because it is quite long, I've broken it up into 2 chapters. I hope you enjoy it. Summary: The blinds came down with a thwacking sound. Moving from one room to the next, the small brunette pulled curtains and tugged on cords, sending white plastic blinds cascading down. She checked each window, and jiggled the locks on the front and back door. When she was satisfied, she marched to the bathroom and stripped off her sweaty clothes. As the bathtub filled with hot water, steam rose and curled in the air above the old claw-foot. The mirror began to fog; Bella leaned over the sink, extended her index finger and wrote: S A M Warnings: Though no graphic violence, the topic of domestic violence is prevalent. Beta and Pre-reading support provided by: Cejsmom and Lynzy Lee. Thank you ladies! There's a house at the end of the street. It borders the beach. The curtains were always drawn and that poor car never seemed to get much action. The signs of life were slight; garbage at the curb every Tuesday morning, food delivery from the same expensive Greek place downtown, and even the odd visitor. Mostly women. But never, not once in the year since he, maybe she, moved onto Kissling Lane had Bella Swan seen someone that actually appeared to live there. Bella's modest, yellow brick home at 14 Kissling Lane was inherited three and a half years ago when Bella's mother passed away. It gave her the perfect opportunity to start over. Life in Detroit had been a bit of a roller coaster ride, and not the thrilling fun kind. Jobs came and went, boyfriends too. She'd never felt settled or safe, so when Martin Floss, estate attorney, called with the news that twenty-two year old Isabella had been gifted a two bedroom home more than two hours away, she packed her bags and left the smog of the motor city in her rearview mirror. The small harbour town, nestled into the banks of Lake Huron, was the polar opposite of Detroit. It was quiet and friendly, and the taste of industrial waste wasn't the first thing that hit her when she stepped out on to her porch each morning. "Good morning." Tossing her earphones into her backpack, Bella greeted the receptionist, and friend, huddled behind the big darkwood desk. "Mornin', Bells. First appointment is at nine. Jonathan Keel. Chipped his tooth chasing his sister around on a pair of old roller skates." Angela smiled and shook her head. "Boys." Attaching her ID badge to her scrubs, Bella said, "Roller skates, they still make those? Ha!" She pulled her hair back in a messy bun and told Angela to send the rambunctious nine year-old to room three when he arrived. She went about her morning, setting up her station and reviewing files. It was what she'd done five days a week for three years now. Sterilize, organize, review. From the outside, it seemed a humdrum existence, but to Bella, this was perfection, or something very close to it. Her love life remained something of a bad joke, though. Knock, knock. Who's there? No one worth opening the door for. "Going for a run tonight?" Dr. Yorkie asked, gesturing to the clothes Bella had changed into. "Yup. Beautiful night, may as well take advantage." She switched off the computer at the front desk and pulled her backpack from the floor, stuffing a crinkled ball of bright blue material into it. "Have a good weekend, Bells." "You too, Eric. Oh, tell Mike those pumpkin tarts were divine . I want that recipe." Slinging her pack over her shoulder, she turned to the front door. Eric chuckled, fishing his keys out of the desk drawer. "Will do." Tucking blue buds into her ears, Bella hit play, and stepped out into a balmy evening. She could still smell the early afternoon rain lingering in the air. Starting off at a slow jog, Bella left Harbour Beach Dentistry behind her. Rounding a corner, she picked up the pace, Daft Punk thumping in her ears. The feel of her feet hitting the pavement, the way her lungs pushed, and the warm sweat that rolled down her back gave her a rush. It wasn't one she indulged in very often, her prefered workout was searching Netflix and drinking white wine from a mason jar glass that had a Detroit Lions logo painted on it. Running cleared her mind; let her organize her thoughts into manageable To-Do lists. -Shopping -Banking -Birthday card for Charlie -Send a kind, but firm, blow off text to Marcus, and maybe delete the Plenty of Fish Profile. Can you filter for cross-dressers? Twenty-three minutes flew past, and as she came up on her street, she slowed until she worked her way down to a lazy jog. Two houses away from her own, Bella came to a sudden stop, nearly tripping over her feet. Her heart skipped sideways. A tall figure, standing in the heavy shade of the waning sun, was peering into her bedroom window; his hands were cupped around his eyes. "You've gotta be shitting me?" Bella whispered. "I leave Detroit for this ?" She pulled her earbuds free of her phone and dialed 9-1-1. "Police, ambulance or fire?" a husky voice said. "Police." She watched as the man moved around to the back of the house. The line clicked once and a new voice, a woman, calm and even said, "What's the nature of your emergency?" "Yeah, there's some creeper peeping in my windows." Bella took a cautious step forward and then back again, an odd mix of annoyance and fear washed over her. "Alright, stay where you are, and stay calm," the operator instructed. Bella rattled off her address—the act leveling her heart rate—and kept her eyes glued on her house. The operator told her to call back if the man made any attempt to enter the house. She held her phone tight, shifting from one leg to the other. Seconds later, Creeper emerged from the far end of her home and sauntered across the the narrow lane. Mentally, she took note of his approximate height and build. Shock dropped her jaw when the man ambled up to the house across the street, and walked right through the fucking door of 17 Kissling Lane. Mystery solved, a creepy fucking peeping-tom lives across the lane. Great. Less than a minute later, the county police rolled to a stop in front of Bella's home and she met him at the curb. "Officer Riley Biers," he said, short and official sounding. "Got a call 'bout a peeping-tom." He held out his hand to shake Bella's. "He lives across the street. Seventeen," she said, pointing to the house with drawn curtains and the mostly unused car. "Have you had trouble with him before, Ma'am?" "Nope. He's lived there for about a year now, and this is the first I've even seen of him." Officer Biers still had his shades on, even though the sun was about to dip out of sight for the night. He looked over his shoulder at the house and said, "Go on inside, Miss … ?" "Swan," she replied, taking a few backward steps toward her house. "Go on inside, Miss Swan, while I talk to your neighborhood friendly." He pushed his sunglasses up the bridge of his nose. Bella shucked her backpack and collapsed on the first step. The cold concrete sent a chill up her spine. She watched Officer Biers knock on the metal frame and take a step back. Creeper opened the door, and Bella squinted to make out his features. There were a few hand gestures and finally Officer Shades backed away from the door and made his way back. One hand on the wrought iron handrail, he said, "I think you should come on over there with me, Miss Swan." He pitched his thumb over his shoulder, pointing in the general direction of the Creeper of Kissling Lane. "You need to hear what Mr. Cullen has to say." "Right, so he can ogle my goodies up close. Not likely," she said, crossing her arms over chest and pursing her lips. Shades pulled his useless sunglasses down, peeking at her over the rims. He gave her a cursory once over, his gaze hanging on to her chest for a few seconds longer than necessary and shrugged. "I doubt that." Bella's lip curled and she scoffed. Sweat damp hair, pulled back in a messy, smelly bun, boobs trapped beneath a sports bra … yeah she'd give him that one. "Alright then, let's go talk to Mr. Cullen ." She pronounced his name like a four letter word and pushed up off the stair. "You're gonna wanna paint that porch," Officer Biers commented. "Paints chippin'." "Noted." As they approached the home, Bella pulled at the hem of her shirt and straightened her spine. Shades snickered under his breath and shook his head. Oh, eat it, Chips! The man standing in the door did not fit the bill of budding sex offender. No squirrely eyes or wrinkled, stained button down. No disheveled mop-top. A little stubble, the sexy five o'clock shadow kind, not the I-haven't-taken-my-meds-in-three-days kind. He looked to be a little over six feet, in his mid-thirties, if she had to guess. His build was thoroughly average and there was nothing ill-boding about him … except his eyes. His eyes—a dark green, maybe blue—scanned the length of her body. There was nothing wanton about it. Quite the opposite; he surveyed the woman as if she were a matter of inventory, which was a tad unnerving. Bella's feet danced in a nervous two-step, and when his eyes caught on the movement, he chuckled. No way! Skeevie perv-man is hot! He pushed the glass storm door open and extended his hand. "Edward Cullen." His voice was smooth and there was most certainly an accent. She gripped his hand, opening her suddenly dry mouth to spit her name out, snapping it shut again when Edward Cullen let out a whistle. Not a 'how you doin' kind of sound, but more … bird like. Odd, she thought, but quickly dismissed it and introduced herself in a somewhat snarky tone. Snark ran through her veins just as surely as A-positive blood did. "Mr. Cullen, would you mind telling Miss Swan why you were peering through the windows of her home tonight?" Officer Biers stood with his hands on his hips, thumbs hooked through his belt loops. He looked like something out of a 70s cop drama. "Of course," Edward said, politely. He shifted, standing more fully. "I was bringing my groceries in, and I noticed a man across the way." He jerked his chin in the direction of Bella's house and whistled … again. "He was checking the locks. The windows. Looked … wrong. He buggered off when I called out to him." She should have said thank you and been grateful that a concerned neighbor was brave enough to speak up, but what came tumbling out of her mouth was far from a thank you. "So someone, maybe a friend, shows up and you chase them off? Who the fuck are you, the Neighborhood Watch?" Bella barked, feeling irrationally perturbed by his actions. Shades stepped forward, face all serious and full of no nonsense. "Now, Miss Swan—" Edward took a fast step toward Bella and put his hand up, effectively shutting out Officer Biers. In a voice that was low, clear and held the edge of a command, he said, "A man, one I've never seen in this neighborhood, was creeping around the home of a single woman. My gut told me he was trouble. I don't know about you, Miss