Prologue: It's been a few months since the fall of Gaea. Percy's been spending his time around camp, hanging out with his girlfriend, and trying to forget some of the not-so-stellar parts of their recent journey. As it turns out, there's one part of the quest he can't forget. Tartarus. Little does he know, Tartarus may have left a bigger impact than a memory. One that may cost him his life. author note: okay so this is the first fanfic thing ive ever written. it's from percy's pov and he's basically struggling with the aftereffects (and most likely ptsd) of tartarus, and some other stuff that I won't spoil for you. edit 1: As for romance this story will mostly stick to what's cannon in the books, besides for little things im throwing in here and there. Nevertheless, enjoy! Falling Down - Chapter 1 I Dream About Dead People Percy woke with a violent shudder, his voice catching in his throat as he attempted to scream. He wildly threw off the bedsheets, scrambling for a weapon to face his oncoming attacker. Percy drew Riptide from his pocket, sweat dripping down his face. It was only after a minute of standing with his blade pointed at nothing that Percy realized he was alone in Cabin Three at Camp Half Blood. Slowly, he sank back down onto his bunk. Yeah, it was common for demigods to have more than a healthy amount of wild dreams, it was really no big deal. But Percy hadn't been having his regular run-of-the-mill demigod-nightmare-helping since his tryst through Tartarus. Now his nightmares consisted of horrifying reruns of enemies he'd encountered down there, terrifying images of Annabeth dying as he's unable to move. Drowning in pools of his own blood. Drowning in pools of his friends blood. Things he'd hoped he'd never see again. Things he'd never seen yet his mind created out of his worst fears. Yeah. Fun stuff. Percy knew Annabeth was suffering the same kind of nightmares in her own cabin, but they never talked about it. Their unspoken philosophy was to do their best to forget, and life would get better. Recently, though, with the war with Gaea being over there was nothing to distract him from fun dream torture. He'd woken up screaming every night this week. Percy dropped his face into his hands. He knew he should talk to someone about it. Maybe like, get it off his mind or something by just telling someone, then maybe it'd go away. Unfortunately for Percy, he wasn't the kind of guy who went around dumping his problems onto others. Actually, he had an annoying habit of taking on his friends' problems instead. So basically, Percy wasn't good at opening up like that to people; it just wasn't something he did. He got up and made his way to the bathroom. Apparently while the seven had been out on the Argo II, the campers had installed bathrooms in all the cabins. Percy was definitely not complaining. He turned on the sink and let the water flow over his hands for a minute before splashing his face with it. Honestly, just dunking his face into the saltwater spring in the other room would probably have the same effect, but Percy was too distracted to feel uncivilized. He was glad Tyson wasn't at camp right now, the big guy would be worried out of his mind. Percy looked into the mirror, leaning closer to get a good look at his eyes, which were red. It looked kind of Christmas-y, his sea green eyes contrasting with the sickly puffy redness of the whites of his eyes. Percy splashed his face one more time for good measure, turning off the water and heading back into his room. A few days ago he'd considered asking Mr. D if he had some kind of godly sleeping pills and if Percy could have some. He didn't, of course, unsure of what the god of wine would say back to him. Deciding that sleep would be useless at this point (more like he was tired but just didn't want any nightmares,) Percy concluded that taking a trip to Jason's cabin at two in the morning was a great idea. He snuck quietly across the lawn. The Harpies would be out, and Percy wasn't too keen on becoming lunch for ugly bird women who reminded him of every mean lunch lady he'd ever met. Reaching the Zeus Cabin, he looked around behind him to make sure nobody was following. The door opened with a click, and Percy let himself inside. The interior of the Zeus cabin was similar to the Poseidon Cabin, just minus the soothing salt water pool and with the addition of a Hippie Zeus statue that made Percy wonder how Jason slept at night. Speaking of Jason, Percy noted that he was sound asleep in his bunk, turned on his side facing the wall. The blonde superman had been traveling pretty diligently between both camps recently, so it was no wonder he was passed out like a log. Percy wasn't supposed to go to New Rome to begin college for another two months, so he had been staying at Camp Half Blood to help out. Percy was about to go sit on Jason until he woke up when he noticed a sudden movement in the corner of the room. "Hey Percy." Percy practically tripped over his feet and just barely avoided falling over backwards onto Jason. "Nico! You scared me!" Percy whispered frantically, "What are you doing here?" " Ssshhhh ! Don't be so loud! And I was just about to ask you the same thing." Nico whispered, much quieter than Percy's whispering. "Uhhh, just coming to see my bro Jason. Isn't a guy allowed to come see his bro unannounced at two in the morning sometimes?" "Well, uh-" "So what about you? What are you doing here?" Percy said, cutting him off. "Im just- hey, stop that!" Nico scowled as Percy began waggling his eyebrows, "It's not like that!" "Dude, are you like, watching him sleep or something? That's adorable. And kind of creepy." Percy faked a gasp, "Maybe we should wake him up to tell him what you've been up to." He started reaching towards the snoozing guy on the bed. "No!" "Chill, chill, I wasn't actually going to, man. I'm not that mean." Percy laughed, "But really….what are you doing in here?" "Look….forget it. I've gotta go anyway and it's not important." Nico scoffed, walking across the room to the door. Percy watched him silently, remembering the vague but horrendous things Nico had occasionally mentioned about his descent alone into Tartarus. "Was it the nightmares?" Percy asked softly. Nico stopped just as his hand hit the doorknob. He let loose a little sigh and turned to face Percy, the moonlight coming in from the windows made it just bright enough to make out the dark circles under his eyes, his tired physique. "Yeah." He whispered, glancing at Jason and scrunching his eyebrows. "Yeah, me too." Percy sighed, moving over to the bunk on the other side of the room and sat down, "I was gonna wake Jason to ask if he wanted to break into the Big House to play some video games. You know, to take my mind off stuff." Percy heard Nico stifle a laugh and looked up at him, "What?" "You wanted to break into the Big House at 2:30 AM to play video games? Did you think Chiron was just gonna let you do that?" Nico leaned against the wall with his hand over his mouth, "Forget Chiron, Mr. D would feed you to the harpies." "Hey! At least my ideas are better than staring at blonde superman suck his thumb all night." "That is so not what was happening." "Oh, why? Could it be? Is Jason not-" "Don't you dare." "Your-" "PERCY." "Type?" "JACKSON." Percy made an incredulous expression, crossing his arms and trying not to laugh. Gods, Nico was so easy to rile up it was almost like a sport. Nico threw up his hands in frustration, muttering stuff in Italian under his breath. Initially, when Nico told Percy he wasn't his type, Percy had badgered Annabeth about it for days asking how could he not be his type. Why wasn't he his type? Was he Annabeth's type? He eventually shut up when Annabeth reminded him they were dating. Anyway, he was pretty much over it, especially considering he was never interested in Nico like that in the first place. Their relationship since then had gone back to normal, as normal as a friendship between two of the world's most powerful demigods can be. Add Jason into that mix and you had either a perfect recipe for some serious fun, or a one way ticket to Tartarus. Scratch that. A one way ticket to the Underworld. Percy didn't want to think about Tartarus. And speaking of Jason, he was starting to shift under his covers. Nico sighed and rubbed his temples, "I should get going, Hazel wants me in New Rome by morning." "Alright dude, Iris message me if you need anything." Percy rubbed the back of his neck, "Or like, if you want to talk about, you know, the nightm-" "Yeah. I will." Nico said, cutting Percy off. Percy knew that 'I will' really meant 'I will definitely not', but it was okay with him. He knew Nico would come out of the shadows when he was ready; and open up to his friends about his nightmares when he was comfortable. No need to rush. Percy guessed he and Nico were kind of similar in that way, but he knew that Nico had probably been through a hell of a lot worse: not just down in Tartarus but also in the time he spent slowly dying in that jar. As the door clicked behind Nico, Percy was left alone with a snoozing blonde superman. Percy put his elbows on his knees, watching the soft rise and fall of Jason's breathing. Maybe Nico had actually come in here to watch Jason sleep. It was calming, if you could put it out of your mind that it was slightly creepy. And on the plus side, Jason was the only one of his close friends who wouldn't think twice if he woke up with Percy staring at him from the other bed. Percy scooted back against the pillows and played with the hem of his shirt as he listened to Jason's rhythmic breathing and fought off drowsiness. 0000000000 He was standing in a dull barren field, the air was thick and noxious - just breathing it in was making him light headed. Percy glanced around nervously, the red haze of fog hanging around him making it hard to see anything. He coughed into his sleeve, recoiling when he smelled the metallic scent of blood on his clothing. Percy stumbled backwards, breathing heavy. He glanced at his other hand, and realized slowly that he was holding Riptide. A really, really bloody Riptide. Percy gagged, dropping it in disgust. His gaze was torn away as he heard a muffled cry. Percy's horrified gaze landed on Leo, who was on his knees with a sword - Riptide - in his chest. His eyes wide and glazed, he stared up at Percy in terror. Percy began to shake and stared at his hands. Why was Riptide in Leo's chest? Had Percy done that? Why was Leo even here? Wasn't he already dead? Percy's shaking gaze landed back on the curly haired boy in front of him. "It's your fault." Leo said in a raspy voice. "Leo - I'm sorry, I-I didn't - what's happening? Wh-what happened?" Percy gasped, falling to his knees in front of the mechanic. "It's your fault I'm dead. If you had fought Gaea with us this wouldn't have happened. This is all your fault." Leo's blood suddenly started flowing faster, his brown eyes