I do not own any characters only than my own. I found this story a while ago and have been continuing it ever since. I hope you guys enjoy and that you leave me reviews. Please do not be rude, this is a fun website with tons of awesome stories. Enjoy! The rain was falling fairly hard when I crossed over into La Push. I had missed my brother Sam so much. I had been away at college and was finally able to take a break. Sort of like a working break, so here I was driving to Emily's house, because I knew that is where I would find Sam. Neither of them knew I was coming home so I couldn't wait to surprise them. Last time I had seen my brother was a year and a half or two years ago. I had changed since then. My hair was longer and I was finally fully developed. Which was a very good thing since I was twenty. Sam I are the same age. I was born exactly one months after him, so I guess that is why we were such close siblings. Well that and me and Sam dealt with our father leaving together. I'm technically Sam's half-sister, but we are closer than that. My mom was a white lady who had died giving birth so our dad left me with Sam and his mom. We basically grew up together. I pulled myself from my thoughts just as I approached Emily's driveway. I made the right and began to slowly drive back through the trees until I saw the house. I parked my car and grabbed my bag before getting out. I began walking towards the house when the door opened and a guy walked out on the porch. I smiled and walked up to him, handing him my bag. He gave me a funny look as I walked past him and into the house where everyone was seated around the table and sitting on the counters. They all stopped to look at me. "HONEY I'M HOME" I said spreading my arms out. "Ava! What are you doing here?" Sam asked smiling and coming over to me. I grinned. "I'm on break so I wanted to come home." I replied as he picked me up and hugged me. I smiled. "A break huh? What kind of break?" he asked sitting me down and crossing his arms. The stern look that crossed his face made me laugh. "Really Sam? You are going to stand there like a nosy ass angry parent and question me?" I asked mimicking his stance. A few people snickered as I stared Sam down without blinking. "Fine if you want to know," I continued never moving. "I am here on a working break. Supposedly extra-curricular classes are a must for some extra mandatory credits to graduate, so I will be the new gym teacher at Forks High School and La Push in a couple weeks when school begins. On top of that, I will be the head coach for the girls' volleyball team here also." "Wow Ava, that is great. What are you going to school for again?" Emily asked coming over to hug me. "I am actually going for nursing so I can work in the nicu or pediatrics. I am kind of ahead in school so I will be graduating next January or June something like that." I said smiling at her. "That's awesome." Sam said. "I'm proud of you Ava." I gave him another hug then remembered my bag. I turned to find the big guy that had stepped outside still had it. "Hey there sasquatch thanks for keeping my bag safe." I said looking at him. I swear all the guys in the room snickered and Sam let out a chuckle. "But you know you could have set it on the ground." "Ava, this Paul Lahote, Jared Cameron, you know Leah and Seth, that is Quil Ateara and the one holding your bag is Embry Call. There are a few others that hang around here, but are not here at the moment." Sam said. "And they are?" I asked cocking an eyebrow. "Collin, Brady, and Jacob Black." Sam replied rolling his eyes. "Jacob Black huh…oh wait is that Billy's youngest? Rachel and Rebecca's little brother?" I asked. Sam nodded his head. "Oh ok, last time I was home Billy said that he and chief Swan's daughter was always hanging out together. That was like maybe a year or a year and a half ago, something like that." "He is still stuck up her ass." Paul grumbled. "Yeah he doesn't even see the bitch for what she is…" Leah said. "And what is that may I ask?" "A manipulative little whore who keeps giving Jake enough hope that she will be with him just so he will stick around for her back up." Paul answered. "Oh well, he will realize it one day poor guy." I said. They all just shrugged. I grabbed my bag from Embry's hands. "Thanks Em for holding my bag." I smiled. He blushed. "Anyways guys, I think I am going to go get a shower and get some well needed sleep." "Alright, go on up you know where everything is." Sam replied. I nodded. "I guess I will see everyone later. It was nice meeting all of you and great seeing the ones I already knew." I replied winking at Leah. She grinned. I gave a small wave and went to my room. After everything of mine was unpacked and put away, I went and showered. Once I was done I brushed out my waist length dark chocolate hair and braided it so it would tangle that much while I slept. I then brushed my teeth and slipped on a pair of Victoria secret night shorts and a matching tank top before going back to my room and getting in bed. It wasn't long before I was settled and had turned the lamp off. I quickly slid under the covers and turned over to lay on my stomach. In no time I was as comfortable as I could be and drifting off to sleep. I couldn't wait to begin my jobs at the schools in a couple weeks. Until then I was going to enjoy the little break I had with my brother and my new and old friends. I could already feel that my time here was going to be great and maybe even interesting. The next morning I woke up at five a.m. I turned over on my stomach and attempted to go back to sleep, but my body just wasn't having it. I sighed and got up stretching out my muscles once I was standing. I listened for a few minutes to see if anyone was up yet, but all I heard was, well nothing. Since I was the only one awake, I decided on going for my morning run. In all honesty I had missed running through the woods. The smell of the forest after it rained was comforting. I went over to my dresser and pulled out a pair of white cheerleading shorts and a blue long sleeved under armor shirt. I quickly changed and put on my blue under armor tennis shoes before making my bed and then quietly walking down the hall to the kitchen. I pulled my long dark hair into a messy bun as I went. I had just stepped out onto the porch and began my stretches when I heard voices coming out of the forest ahead of me. I looked up to see Sam walking out flanked by Paul and Embry. "Morning guys." I said smiling. "Hey Ava, what are you doing up so early?" Sam asked. "I should be asking you the same little brother." I smirked. He rolled his eyes. "Are you forgetting that I am only a few months older than you?" he replied. 'Are you forgetting that I don't give a shit?" I asked raising an eyebrow. He smirked. "Don't let Emily hear you cuss, she will have your hind end." Sam warned. "Yeah well Emily is.." I began but was cut off by a wooden spoon on my butt. "Right behind you." She giggled. I turned around and found her smiling at me. "Now what were you saying?" "That Emily is a mean mean woman and I don't ever want to get on her bad side or her wooden spoon's." I said smirking. The guys laughed. "Anyways, where are you headed?" Sam questioned as he kissed Emily's scarred cheek and then her lips. "Just for a morning run is all. I will be back in about an hour or two." I said putting my iPod into the holder on my arm. "Ok, just be careful out there ok." I smiled. "I always am, you never know what kind of monsters are out to get me." I answered. "Just be careful." He answered seriously. "Always." I went to run off when Paul spoke. "You mean to tell me you are going to let her go off by herself?" he asked. "Trust me Paul, Ava is just fine by herself. She can handle whatever she comes across." Embry and Paul smiled like there was a hidden meaning. I smiled brightly before running off. I had jogged down to the beach and was coming back when I decided to swing by Billy's. I jumped up on to the porch and walked in. "Billy" I called in a sing song voice. I knew he was in the living room watching a fishing show. I could hear it. I also heard the TV mute and then the sound of his wheels on the floor as he came into the kitchen. "Ava" he said surprised. "How are you?" he asked. "I'm great. I will be working around Forks and La Push for the summer." I answered. "It's part of my extra credits to graduate." "I see, almost done are you?" he asked. I nodded. "Yep next year." "Well I am very proud of you, Ava. How long have you been home?" "I got in last night." I answered. "After meeting the house hold I went to bed which resulted in me waking up at the crack of dawn". He chuckled. "Darn that getting up early." He teased. "You're telling me." I answered. That caused a laugh from Billy. "What are your plans for today?" he asked. "Um, I think I am going to head back to Sam's and get ready for the day before going to Forks and checking in at the school and all of that. Then I am not sure yet." I answered truthfully. "Well, you have fun and I hope you will come and visit a lonely old man sometime." Billy grinned. "You can bet on it. Bye Billy." I said leaning down and kissing his cheek. His face lit up. "Bye Ava." I gave him a quick wave before hitting the woods and running back to Sam's. As I ran up behind the house, I could hear people out front talking. I slowed my pace as I walked around the side of the house. Sam was outside with the guys and a petite girl with dark hair. They all seemed to look at me as I walked up. "So you guys can take a picture, it will last longer." I snickered. Sam rolled his eyes. I turned off my IPod and walked past them and up the steps. "Hey Ava, this is Jacob and Bella." I turned around and smiled at the awkward girl before glancing at Jacob. He didn't really pay any attention to me until after I looked at him and had looked away. "Hey guys, its nice meeting you, but I really need a shower." "You too." They both said. I gave a small wave and went in the house. Emily was getting stuff out to make breakfast. "Looks like Sam still