I quietly walked up to the door and turned the doorknob…it was locked. "Shit" I muttered before stepping off the porch and made my way to the back of the house. I looked up to my bedroom window and noticed there were no lights on, which meant mom was in bed. I climbed up the large tree that was positioned just right beside of my window. I waited for any movement in the house before swinging and landing on the small balcony. I rushed into my room and stripped down as fast as I could. As I was sliding into bed, I brushed against someone and froze. "You're finally home" the person said. I let out the breath I had been holding and turned to look at Sam when my eyes were adjusted. "Dammit Sam!" I whispered yelled. "You scared the piss out of me." I felt the bed shake as he laughed. "What are you doing out until midnight?" he asked leaning up on one arm and facing me. "I was with Jacob." I replied. "And what were you doing with Jacob?" "Really Sam?" he arched his eyebrow. "fine we snuck into Quil's room and super glued all his underwear to his backpack." I laughed. Sam laughed too. "You and Jacob are always getting into shit huh?" he asked. I nodded. "Are you two serious?" "I don't know even know what that means. I mean we are fifteen and have been dating for a year and a half. We are together all the time. He loves me and I him. He is my best friend and I can't imagine life without him. Like you and Emily." "Do you ever do anything serious together?" "We work on things, talk, watch movies, and we have fun when we aren't all over each other" I said. When I realized what I said my eyes widened. Sam sounded like he choked. "What does that mean?" he asked. "We just hold hands and make out. Like everything but slept together." I answered. "So you do other things that could be considered a step away from sex." "Yeah but on top of the clothes. Like I have never touched…and he hasn't either. We just aren't one hundred percent ready for that yet." "Oh good." Sam answered. "Can I ask you something?" I asked. He nodded. "I know Jake and I are only fifteen, but I feel drawn to him. Like if I'm not with him then I am not complete. It is as if I know everything he would think and do. Like I know him inside out. The best way to describe it is we are one. Like I would lose myself if I didn't have him." I looked up to meet Sam's eyes. There were so many emotions playing in them. Happiness, Hope, confusion, but most of all pride. "What does that mean?" "I don't know baby girl, but that is how I feel with Emily. I love Leah, but I love Emily more. I just can't explain it. I am happy for you though." He leaned over and kissed my forehead. "I hate to cut this short, but I have to get back to Emily's. I saw you out so I locked the door and shut the lights off to cover your ass." He smiled. "Thanks Sam. I love you." "Love you too. See you tomorrow." He climbed out the way I came in. I laid there for a minute before finally falling asleep. The next morning I woke up and went downstairs. Mom was making me breakfast when I walked in the kitchen. "Good morning sweetie. How was your date with Jacob last night?" she asked sitting pancakes in front of me. I snickered. "what did you two do?" "Super glued Quil's underwear to his backpack when he fell asleep." I replied. She laughed. "You and Jacob are going to get into so much trouble one day." I shrugged. "It will be so worth it." I started eating when the door opened and Jacob walked in. "Hey Jake." I said smiling at him. He walked over and kissed my lips before licking the syrup off of his own. "Hey babe. Good morning Allison." "Hello Jacob, you hungry?" she asked. He nodded. While mom made Jake's plate he took a seat beside of me. "So, have you talked to Quil this morning?" I asked. He chuckled. "He is so mad at us right now." He laughed. " His mom had to dig out the extra one for him." I dropped my fork. "Oh no! Not the super bright green one" I answered. He nodded and we both broke out into a round of laughter. "What did his mom say?" Mom asked putting a plate in front of Jacob and sitting down with her own. "That is why Quil was mad. She laughed and said "that was a good one."" Jacob said. Mom snickered. "You know since he is so mad, he is plotting revenge." I added, finishing up my pancakes. Jacob nodded. "Yeah, and that scares me. I already hid all of my underwear under my mattress." I laughed. As we finished eating, Sam walked in. He looked at the three of us and shook his head. I smiled. "Hey Sammie boy." I said smiling a big grin. HE rolled his eyes. "Good morning mom…Jacob…" he said as he went and hugged mom. "Morning" Jacob said. "You ready to go, Mia?" he asked. I nodded. "Let me grab my bag." I put my plate in the sink and ran up to my room. Jake was right behind me. I had just grabbed my bag when he pushed me down on the bed and kissed me. "I missed you last night." He said before kissing my lips again. I ran my hand over his chest as I deepened it. "I missed you to." I whispered as he pulled away and looked into my eyes. His hair fell around us in a curtain. "We better go before we are late though." I leaned up and kissed him again before he pulled me up with him. His arms were wrapped around me. I wanted him so bad. I grabbed my bag and we ran down the stairs. I kissed mom and Sam goodbye while Jake waved and we ran out the door. He grabbed my hand and intertwined our fingers when we slowed down to a walk. "Jacob, can I ask you something?" "Of course you can." He said bending down and kissing me again. "Do you want me?" I asked looking up to meet his eyes. We stopped and stared at each other for a minute. In his eyes I saw my life…our life. "We are together aren't we?" he asked. "I mean physically. Jacob, I want you so bad it hurts. I can't be around you without wanting every part of you." I said. "I know what you mean, but I don't know if I am ready for that yet." "I'm not saying I am either, I am telling you what you do to me." "I get it. I want you just as bad." He said taking a deep breath. I nodded. I was a pretty girl. I am five foot six and have the perfect round butt to fill my jeans out and a big chest. My black hair hangs to my waist and I have bright green eyes. The only thing Quileute about me is my hair and my tan. Sam and I have the same parents, only I looked more like mom's mom than her. It was odd really. We were almost to the school when Jake pulled me to a stop. "Mia, before I forget Charlie Swan bought my dad's truck for his daughter Bella so we will be heading over there in the morning before school." "Oh, ok. Will you be in school tomorrow?" I asked stopping to look up at him. "Of course I will, silly. I just wanted to let you know." He smiled before leaning down and kissing me. I giggled against his lips. "Break it up you two." Jacob and I looked to where the voice was and saw Quil and Embry waiting on us. I laughed and we walked toward the school. "Hey guys." Jacob said. "I like that backpack Quil." I kept my lips tight together and held in a laugh. Embry was silently shaking with laughter. He and I just stared at each other to see who would break first. "Where's your other one?" "My other one had underwear super glued to it when I got up this morning. It looked like a full on back pack made up underwear." Quil replied. Embry and I could not hold it anymore so we let it all out. "And you, only your master mind would think of something that awful." "Now Quil, Jacob deserves all the credit for this one. I just glued them on there." Embry high fived me. "I will get you back." He answered before walking away. The three of us laughed before we ran to catch up with him. I went straight to my locker after getting in the school and switched my stuff out. I had just finished and shut my locker when I was turned around and pressed against the locker. "I guess I will see you at lunch?" Jacob said. "Of course you will." I whispered against his lips as he pressed them against mine. It was always like the world would disappear when he kissed me. He pulled back and looked down at me. "How do you have such an effect on me?" I whispered. "You have the same on me." he answered before kissing me again. "I love you" I said as he turned to go. "I love you too." I smiled and went the opposite direction to first period. When I walked in, Kim was already sitting at our table. She was doodling on her notebook again and I bet I could guess what it was. "Well hello Mrs. Jared Cameron" I said taking my place next to the window. Jacob had gym first period so I sat here and watched him. "Good morning Mia." Kim said. She smiled up at me as I sat down. I loved Kim to death. She was a sweet girl and could be shy at times. She had been in love with Jared for a long time, but he never seemed to notice. "Quil is mad at Jacob and me now." I laughed. "Oh no, what did you do?" she asked. "Glued his underwear to his backpack." I replied. She laughed. "You and Jacob are a handful you know?" I nodded before looking out the window where he walked out followed by Quil and Embry. I smiled when he looked at me and waved. I quickly returned it and looked back to Kim. "You guys will be married one day." "I hope, I don't see anyone but him." I sighed. "And honestly that scares me." "Why does it scare you?" she turned so she was facing me. "Because we are only fifteen and I love him so much that if he wouldn't want to be with me anymore I would be lost." "It's you and Jacob. Everyone knows that you guys are made for each other. You worry too much." I snuck another peak as I ran my hand through my hair. He was looking at me concerned. "I'm fine." I mouthed to him. He nodded and winked at me making me smile again. "I hope you are right Kimmie." I sighed. "Before I forget, Jared, Paul, and my brother are all hanging out together now." I whispered. "Seriously? That is a little strange isn't it?" she asked. I shrugged. "I don't think so. Yeah they may be younger, but they are all working around the Rez from what Sam says." I replied. "Well that's good. We do need all the help we can get around here."