Title : Love Never Dies Category : The Hunger Games Featured Pairing : Peeta Mellark/Katniss Everdeen Dedication: To Nicole, who didn't read the books (which you're crazy for not doing), but still stood in line with me for hours waiting to see the midnight showing. You're like my sister, even if you don't love Peeta as much as I do and kept bugging me with questions during the movie. :) Summary : Two different worlds collide when star player Peeta Mellark crosses paths with school outcast Katniss Everdeen. Against all odds, they fall in love, but Katniss harbors a dangerous secret that can destroy them, both mind… and heart. Set 1950's. AU. A/N : I'm going to warn you right now... this is not my best work. I've revised it countless times, but still cannot manage to find a point where I am satisfied. But I'm done with editing. So, it is what it is. Prepare for angsty/romance themes. Loosely based on novel "A Walk To Remember" and the movie. Feedback/reviews are greatly appreciated. :) —Dreamer Disclaimer : I do not own the Hunger Games, nor Peeta for that matter. Love Never Dies "I love thee with a love that shall not die, till the sun grows cold and the stars grow old." —William Shakespeare October It had all begun with a prank. Peeta Mellark sat in the principal's office, leaning back on the leather chair as he tried to keep his composure. It was a skill he had not yet mastered, despite the years that passed. Just several minutes earlier, Peeta had looked through the stained-glass windows. He saw not only the vice principal, but also the county sheriff arguing just a few yards away. Peeta knew what the principal was doing and knew it wouldn't be wise to question it. Coalwood High's football team had just made it to state, and he was already on probation. One mistake was all it took for him to be expelled, away from school and with it, the state championship. He heard the door creek open and turned his attention towards the man who just saved his career. Colleges long since had already begun scouting for players, and several had already noticed the blonde-haired, blue-eyed senior. But even someone as good as Peeta would not be accepted if he caused anymore trouble. Peeta read his uncle's face, and knew he was not pleased. His eyes averted to the floor, several moments passing before his uncle spoke up. "Peeta," began Chaff. "You could have been killed." "But I wasn't," muttered Peeta. "It was stupid and reckless, and for what? What good does it do you to nearly throw away your future? Peeta, if that man had pressed charges, I'd have no other choice but to expel you! You'd lose your eligibility for a scholarship, your chance at a state title—" "I know already. I don't need a lecture from you, too," said Peeta abruptly. Chaff paused, and looked down at his nephew then. His warm brown eyes searched for any trace of the boy his nephew had once been. Before his father's death—before his brother's—Peeta had been kind-hearted and respectful, the type of person a parent could only dream of raising. The kid worked hard for everything he earned and constantly pushed others—and himself—to always go beyond their limits and give it their all. He was a natural leader. A few months had passed after the funeral, and it wasn't long before he had begun to hang with the wrong crowd. For Peeta, it was as if life no longer had any meaning. Out of his entire family, it was his father whom he had been closest to. Peeta rose quickly, already headed out the door when Chaff stepped in front of him, blocking his exit. "Son, what happened to you?" Chaff asked, exasperated. "I grew up," snapped Peeta, throwing his backpack over his left shoulder. He stood there impatiently, waiting for his uncle to move aside. "You grew up? You're saying that shit you just pulled was mature? Boy, you haven't aged a damn day since your father died!" Chaff scolded, but when he saw the pain flash across Peeta's face, he knew he had gone too far. "Peeta, he wouldn't have wanted you to keep going in the direction your headed." "I don't give a damn about what he would've thought!" shouted Peeta, the pain in his eyes diminishing as anger replaced it. "He obviously didn't care enough about me or what I was feeling." "Peeta, understand, it was hard on him after your mother died. He loved her, whether she believed it or not. Your father thought he had nothing to live for anymore—" Chaff tried, but wasn't given the chance to finish. "He had me!" Peeta yelled, grabbing the glass vase that held lilies and hurtled it across the room. The glass shattered as soon as it made contact with the wall, small shards scattering across the wooden floor. His voice grew softer, weaker. "He had me." "You think you're the only one who's ever lost someone they loved? I lost my only brother," snapped Chaff. "And my brothers lost their father. I know, okay? But that doesn't mean that I hurt any less than you do." "Peeta, he never wanted to hurt you. Any of you. When your brother described your father's expression before he pulled the trigger, he said it was filled with grief. I believe it, don't you?" Chaff asked sadly. "Whatever." "I can't just let this go. I promised the officials I would give you the punishment you deserved," said Chaff. "And what would that be?" asked Peeta. "Giving me after-school detention? Making me scrub the graffiti off the gym walls? Well guess what? I've already done those things and more. And, if anything, I haven't learned shit." "You're going to help with the upcoming school play. You're going to help with the props, attend to the cast member's needs, and whatever else Mrs. Patterson has planned." When the boy didn't object, Chaff elaborated. When he finished, Peeta just rolled his eyes. "And this time, you don't have a choice. Either this, or you don't graduate," Chaff threatened. "Well, I guess I won't be getting my high school diploma anytime soon," Peeta retorted. And with that, he stormed out of the room. He groaned, because he already knew. He didn't have a choice, for the decision had already been made for him. And the decision… was final. He saw her the moment he walked out of those doors. Katniss Everdeen, a coal-miner's daughter. She was a skilled archer with a gift for music, but she also happened to be the school's outcast. They had known each other since kindergarten, perhaps even before. Coalwood had never been a large town, neither was it going to be. Everybody knew everyone, it would be a miracle if you lived here for several years and didn't know the entire townsfolk. But knowing someone isn't the same as befriending them. When Katniss Everdeen was just eleven, her father died in a mine explosion. It was a tragedy that didn't just strike her family, but the entire town. Her mother had gone into a dark depression, where only the sight and sound of her lost husband would have been able to bring her back. She and her sister were slowing starving, both of which were too afraid to share their secret and receive the help they needed. He remembered seeing their sunken faces and hollow cheeks. People pretended not to notice, but in a small town, word quickly spreads about, like a wildfire raging through a forest. Nothing's left hidden in the dark. Eventually, all things come to light. It had been a rainy day, a surprise to most residents. It rained occasionally now and then, but never like this. It was pouring hard, and Peeta Mellark had been helping his mother in the family bakery. She was a stubborn woman, hard-headed and difficult to please. It was more of a relief than a sorrow when she died. But Peeta had never mentioned such a thing to his father, who claimed the sun only shined in his world when he knew for certain that she was happy. No wonder he killed himself , Peeta thought. His mother had never be satisfied with okay. She always strived for better things in life. Yet somehow, he believed his father and the stories he'd tell about the days in which their marriage had been based on love. He saw her then, right in his front yard. Distraught, beaten, but most of all, alone. Katniss is giving up , he thought, she's about to surrender. Until he gave her the bread. Two simple loaves, and yet they saved her family's lives. She had never acknowledged him for what he had done. But on that day, she met his gaze, her eyes saying what her lips could not. Thank you . And for Peeta Mellark, that had always been enough. But after her father's death, she never returned to the girl he once knew. She isolated herself from her peers, and eventually, they stopped trying to reach out. The girl who was once kind, loving, and always willing to lend a hand had disappeared the exact moment her father's heart stopped beating. Just like me , he thought. He could never imagine the loss she had felt until Peeta Mellark experienced it himself. It was there at his father's funeral that their eyes met once more, and soon he was transported back through time. He remembered seeing Katniss on the first day of school. Her hand had shot straight into the air as soon as they asked who knew the valley song. They had placed her on a stool, and when she sang, even the birds had stopped to listen. It was then, he realized, at that moment that he fell in love. He knew what people would say. For his sake, and for hers, nobody could ever know. It was a secret, one he had kept in the dark for many years. A secret that would soon come to light. Despite the warm temperature, the sun was hidden behind several clouds, They were dark and large enough that not even the smallest beams of light could pass through. There was a slight breeze, and though it was only mid-October, Peeta Mellark was already shivering. He sat his backpack down, searching for his faded gray crew-neck, only to find that he had left it in his uncle's office. He cursed, but continued on his way. Though the residents on the streets spotted the senior, they did not stop nor question him, even with the knowledge that he should be in school. The police department had a fairly easy job, other than handing out the occasional speeding ticket, they've never had a problem with the townsfolk, including the students. However, there are always exceptions. And Peeta Mellark was one of them. The residents knew that this boy was trouble. But, when they looked into his eyes, also how much that boy had to endure in just the first seventeen years of his life alone. He had been arrested more than once, charges had been pressed, and every time, the charges had been dropped. Peeta didn't want their sympathy, though. But what he wanted most was something he could never have again. His father. Instead of heading home, he found himself visiting the one place he swore he would never return to. Coalwood cemetery. The cemetery was nothing more than multiple tombstones resting in a field of growing grass under the shade of several large oak trees, but to Peeta Mellark, it was the last connection he shared with his father. It was as if he was cut out of his father's will completely. His older brother inherited the bakery, the other gaining every last bit of his father's savings. Prized possessions, such as his wedding ring had