Lift the Wings By Imbecamiel Rating: PG Characters: Elrond, Aragorn, Celebrian, Elladan, Elrohir Summary: As she left for Valinor, Celebrian predicted that Rivendell would not always be a place of mourning. Now a new member has joined the Peredhil family, and Estel seems to be doing an excellent job of living up to his name. Disclaimer: All recognizable characters, events, places, etc. belong to Tolkien's estate. All unrecognizable ones are probably mine. –g- A/N: Yet another story that I wrote for an SNWCG challenge – in this case, the Romance challenge. I've had this finished for some time, but debated whether I should post it. This story, while not a songfic, was inspired by the song "Lift the Wings" from Riverdance, and in the original version I used the lyrics as dividers for the different parts. Since that is against this site's policy, I've taken them out of this version, but if you'd like to see the version with lyrics it's posted at: http://www . snwcg.proboards49. com/index.cgi? boardpastchallenges&actiondisplay&thread1148427095 (take out spaces). The story should make perfect sense without the lyrics, but I am sad I wasn't able to include them – it is a beautiful song, and always makes me think of Elrond and Celebrian. And as a side-note, I've followed the popular fanon idea that Gilraen died at the same time as Arathorn, so she doesn't make an appearance in this story. Apologies to Gilraen fans, and to Tolkien, but I'm afraid she'd have complicated things a bit too much. // italics // indicate either a flashback or a translation from elvish. Hopefully it shouldn't be too difficult to figure out which is which… ;) It wasn't raining. It seemed so terribly inappropriate. Wasn't there some kind of unwritten law of nature that it was supposed to rain at times like these? And yet still, in flagrant defiance of the proper order of things, the setting sun shone out bright and clear, painting the evening sky with beautiful colors. It was a perfect evening, the weather warm, with a cool breeze blowing off the sea in front of him. The colors around him began to soften, even as the sun put on a last fiery display at the western horizon, and the first stars began to peek out. Elrond could even faintly begin to see his father's star, Eärendil, always the most beautiful of the sky's wonders, in his eyes. Beautiful. Perfect. Only… He wished it would rain. A single tear slipped down his cheek, even as he valiantly tried to regain control over himself, before someone saw him like this. Before she saw him like this. For her sake, and the sake of their children, he would be strong tonight. He had to be. But oh, he did wish it would rain. Somehow, inexplicably, he felt that witnessing nature's sorrow might ease his own. Or at least make it more bearable - just for tonight. Briefly, he contemplated using Vilya, attempting to stir up some kind of a storm. But that thought was discarded before he had a chance to seriously consider it. Such an idea was too dangerous, not knowing who might witness the use of the ring's power. What was more, such actions would be dishonoring, not only to the faith with which Gil-Galad had entrusted the ring to him, but to the one he loved dearest in this world. He knew she would not like him to further cloud her last precious moments here with such foolish, despairing, pointless actions, just to ease his selfish heart. Besides, he did know such thoughts for what they truly were: distractions. Desperate attempts to distract himself from what he knew he could avoid no longer. Celebrìan, his wife, dearest one to his heart, was leaving him, and there was nothing he or anyone else could do to prevent it. Any minute now, she would come out of the gray stone building behind him, and they would say their farewells, before she boarded the ship that was to carry her away from the western shores of Middle Earth, to the white shores of Valinor. It wouldn't be goodbye forever, of course he knew that. One day he too would sail, and be reunited with his wife. But at the moment, that didn't make this one bit easier. Though his foresight seemed to be determined to give him as little help as possible, he did see clearly enough to know that his time would not be for many centuries yet. It cut him more deeply than any physical wound could reach, but he was not yet such a coward that he would abandon Middle Earth before his time - or, for that matter, his own children along with it - just because his heart couldn't let go. Just because he couldn't accept his failure. His ears caught the sound of a door opening and closing quietly, and barely-audible, but so-familiar footsteps behind him. Blinking away the last of his lingering tears, he took a deep breath of the cool, salty sea air, before turning to greet Celebrìan. The sight of her took his breath away. Her silver-blond hair, loose in soft waves that framed her pale face, shone in the fading sunlight. Her clear blue eyes, so sad and tired of late, brightened at the sight of him, as they always did. After nearly two and a half millennia with her, he found her beauty just as captivating as he had the first moment he had caught sight of her - nay, even more so, for now he knew that the beauty that so entranced him went far beyond mere physical comeliness, to an inner beauty that filled her heart and soul. As she moved toward him, Elrond tried to summon up a smile of greeting. His attempts faltered, however, when he noticed yet again the careful way in which she moved. Despite his best efforts, she was still pained by the poisoned wound she had received at the hands of the orcs that had captured her. The callous hand of guilt twisted the knife of sorrow in his heart at the reminder of his failure. Ah yes, Lord Elrond, the greatest healer in Middle Earth, and blessed with the gift of foresight! And much good it did to those who needed him most. He should have known, should have felt her danger, should have been there to prevent her pain. But no, even when it was all over, when she was finally rescued, though he had prevented her death, he could not manage to fully heal her. Not her spirit, so deeply injured by that terrible time, and not even her body. Greatest healer in Middle Earth, indeed. But Celebrìan must have read his thoughts on his face, for the next thing he knew she was in front of him, her hands on his shoulders, and her worried blue eyes searching his face. "Elrond? Man ha?" //What is it?// The sound of her soft, concerned voice broke through his silent self-incriminations. "Celebrian…" He raised a hand to brush her cheek gently. "Im near, meleth-nin…" //I'm sorry, my love// "Near?" Her voice was puzzled now, and she frowned slightly, trying to figure out what he was apologizing for. "Ú-chenion…" //Sorry? I do not understand…// "I have failed you. I-" "No! Elrond, you must not think so!" Elrond blinked when she interrupted him so forcefully, her eyes flashing with the earnestness of her demand. The look of unyielding command on her face suddenly reminded him of her mother, and as he groped for a response the thought occurred to him with abstracted irrelevance that he had always been rather frightened of Galadriel when she got that particular look on her face… "I should have known." He finally said quietly, obstinately. "Should you?" He was unsure how to take her enigmatic response, so he responded with a question of his own. "Of what use is foresight if I can do nothing to protect those I love?" "Tell me something, meleth. Do you control your gift? Can you see the whole of the future, and understand perfectly all that is in store?" "No." Now he was confused. She understood the gift of foresight better than that. Her own mother's gifting was strong indeed, and she herself had inherited some portion of it, though it did not show itself as frequently. She knew perfectly well that foresight was rarely to be called up at a whim, some magical instantaneous knowledge of what would happen tomorrow, the same as one knew what had happened yesterday, but more often an inner sense or premonition, or an uncertain vision of what the future might hold. So why…? "No," she agreed. "You can see only the things that Illuvatar in His wisdom chooses to reveal to you. Perhaps you blame Him, then, for not showing you what would happen to me," she challenged quietly, "but how can you blame yourself for what you have no control over?" He was silent for a moment, and it took no special knowledge for her to see that he was not fully convinced. "Something still troubles you." It was a statement, not a question. "I could not heal you." "And you have so much more control over that than you have over your foresight? Some things are simply impossible, and no matter whether you spent all of this age and the next doing nothing but accumulating knowledge and experience, there would still remain some hurts that were beyond any skill on this side of the Sea to heal - even yours." Her voice tried, but couldn't quite succeed at catching the light, teasing tone she usually used when trying to talk him out of one of his less reasonable frames of mind. "Can you not accept that?" "It is hard." He knew she was right. He hadn't fully realized before just how different knowing something and accepting it could be. It was not often that his scholar's mind balked so at the facts of a situation, but tonight… "I know." With the admission, her shoulders slumped, and for the first time her eyes dropped from his face. Celebrian sighed, and the now-ever-present air of infinite weariness, which had seemed to recede from her for a few minutes, returned full-force. Suddenly, she seemed so very small and frail, as if even the gentle breeze that brushed past them might carry her away at any moment. So very different from the strong, vibrant, joyful elleth he had met, nearly three millennia ago… //elf-maiden// Again, guilt and sorrow struck at him, but this time for a different cause. And this time, he refused to let it show. Had he not resolved to do just that, before she came out to him - resolved to be strong for her? And yet it had been she who offered comfort to him! He was humbled at the fresh realization of what a gift he had been given in her. And his heart was broken anew at the thought of parting from her. But there - he had had enough of selfishness. She was the one the more in need of help now, and he would see to it that her last minutes here were eased, and not made all the more difficult by his actions. Reaching out to her, he gently drew her toward him. As the first, instinctive tensing of her body eased, she relaxed into his embrace, leaning against him. "I'm sorry," She said, quiet misery in her voice. "I know it is hard for you, and I do not want to leave you, but I just-" "Shh, I know, meleth, I know." He was silent for a minute, simply holding her, both of them gaining comfort, and strength, from the nearness. ooOoo Side by side they stood, looking out over the ocean, watching the last remnants of sunshine fading away in the west, waiting for the summons they both expected and dreaded. In silence they