The Rise of Overlord Vulcan - Rewrite! By Dark Dragen. Summary: Read as how a different history, having an imaginary twin sister at a young age, and a having a different life before Hogwarts changes Harry from a weak and lonely boy, to the most powerful Dark Wizard the world had ever seen - Overlord Vulcan. Rewrite, hopeful a much better version than the last two. Warnings: Underage Sex, Smut/Lemons, Twincest, sort of, Forced Sex, Rape, Torture, Threesomes, Foursomes, there's going to be much more, so if you don't like a VERY Dark and Evil Harry and the things that come with this, so if you're not over eighteen then PLEASE stop reading now. Disclaimer: I do not in any shape or form own Harry Potter, be it characters, spells, items, or anything else that's connected to the Harry Potter books/movies; they all belong to J. K. Rowling & the Warner Bros Pictures. I don't even earn any money from this. The only characters that I do own are the ones that you haven't read about in the books. Although, I wish I did, that way I could come up with a more believable way for Harry ending up with Ginny or someone who is better for him. Also I would made Hermione less trusting of people like Dumbledore and less bossy. Anyway, onto the story. I'll be having other crossovers as the story goes along, and I'll be adding Disclaimers when needed. I would like to point out that I'll be adding movies, TV shows and books/comics in this version. So you have been warned. Author's Note: Now I would like to first apologize for this rewrite, but I would like to point out that this isn't the first one, as I'm doing so with Harry Potter and the Sekirei Plan, and this might not be the last. You see when I started this I gotten two Beta Readers, I AM ZE BETA and SuperNova64 both from hpfanficarchive, after a long talk it was decided that after working on Chapter Nine, it was better to rewrite the story then work on it. Both of them agreed that they wanted to BBQ the chapter because it was that bad. For more information, please go here www . fanfiction topic/112683/107874761/1/#121878746 and it'll explain what is going on. (So please read, as it got some important points about what I have planned for this version.) I would like to say that at this time, both of them have real life issues to deal with and no long able to look over this, I AM ZE BETA got school and work, and SuperNova64 has got a newborn to look after and other things to deal with. So it means I'm looking for another new Beta Reader to help me, if you're interested, please let me know. Prologue… The Birth of Lucy Potter! 25th of December 2006 - Dursley's Household! It has been five years since the six year old Harry Potter was found by his Aunt Petunia Dursley on the front door like a pint of milk, and since then Harry's life had been awful. He was treated like a slave. Worse, in fact, as a slave would be allowed to eat, have good fitting clothes, and bedroom bigger than the broom cupboard that Harry currently slept in. But young Harry received none of that. He got the oversized hand-me-down clothes that belonged to his large cousin Dudley. Dudley was what Harry called a pig in a wig, as he was fat, ate a lot, and had the manners of a pig. Harry would be lucky if he ate at all. One of the punishments his family loved to inflict on him was to refuse to let him eat for a few days, and when he was finally allowed to eat it was only a glass of water, a dry slice of bread, and if he was really lucky, some dry cheese. As for his bedroom, it was a small cupboard under the stairs, which was full of spiders. Harry didn't know why his family hated him, but they did; as far back as he could remember they had hated him. They would never call him Harry, but instead called him either Boy or Freak - he only found out his name last year when he started school. The only time they wouldn't call him Freak, just Potter or Boy, was when they were out in public. Then they would treat him slightly better, as appearances were very important to the Dursleys and they wanted to be seen as a nice and respectful family. If only they knew the truth about them, his so called family. They were anything but nice and respectful. Harry didn't know why they treated him harshly, but they did. Apart from calling him Boy or Freak, they punished him for the simplest of things. Things like "forcing them" to spend money on him, "daring" to burn the food he was forced to prepare for them, but never eat himself, or any number of other things that they blamed him for. He usually had one of two punishments, they either punished him by withholding food and keeping him in his cupboard for days on end, or his so-called Uncle would beat him for whatever imagined wrong Harry had committed. It wasn't often, but when his Uncle had one too many drinks, or he had a bad day at work, he would beat him and his Aunt would allow it. She would set back with a smirk her face, and watch as he did so. Aside from punishing him for imagined wrongs, they would also allow their son Dudley to bully and beat him whenever he chose, and they would reward their son for doing so. Harry often wondered what it would be like to have a family, someone who would love and care for him like a normal person. He would often imagine that he had a family. A mother and father, and sometimes a brother or sister or even both, who loved and cared for him. He enjoyed these times, as it would dull out the pain of his hellish life. But, due to the Dursleys' normal treatment towards him, that imaginary scenario was shattered very easily. He might imagine that he had a happy family for a few hours, at most for a day, before the Dursleys would do or say something that would return him to the hellish world that was his life. It was Christmas Day and young Harry Potter was curled up in a ball, sobbing in his closet. It was another Christmas Day where the Dursleys had locked him up in his cupboard whilst they were all having a big Christmas Dinner and giving each other gifts, none of which were for him. Harry was again indulging in his fantasy of what it would be like to have a happy and caring family, and what it would be like to have a Christmas Day with them, with dinner, gifts and all the festivities that come with the day. A smile formed on his lips as he thought about it, the gifts he might have had from his parents and any brothers and sisters he might have had, and the fun they would have, before having dinner. Oh, how he wished that his dream could come true, so he wouldn't be alone anymore, but it wasn't to be. He was sad; all he wanted was a friend. Someone, anyone, who would talk to him, care about what happened to him, and be there for him in times of loneliness and need. But, between the lies that his so called family made up about him, and Dudley bullying anyone who came near him, it seemed impossible for him to make any friends. As Harry thought about friends, he thought about a few kids at school who he found talking to themselves. It was strange, but when he confronted one of them about it they explained they were talking to an invisible friend that only they could hear and see. Harry found that strange, but when he asked a teacher - he knew his so called Aunt and Uncle wouldn't tell him as it wasn't normal - they explained that these kids created pretend friends, or imaginary friend as most people called them. They weren't actually real, but were only real to those kids as they have problems in life or have no friends and so they make one up, so they could have someone to talk to. As Harry seat there in his cupboard he begun to think that this is what he needed, an imaginary friend who he could talk to. It would be a great idea; it would be one person who Dudley couldn't bully away, and who wouldn't stay away from him because of his Aunt's and Uncle's lies about him. The more he thought about, he decided he could do one better, he could create an imaginary family member. Someone who would love him, care for him and support him in whatever he did. He knew that it wouldn't actually be real, but it would be better than what he already had. That had been around lunch time. As dinner time approached the smell of food, food that he cooked, was coming from the kitchen as the Dursleys were eating dinner. Harry had been sent back to his cupboard with the only food he was allowed, one slice of dried bread and a small glass of milk that was starting to turn. For the first time Harry wasn't bothered by this, since for most of the day he had been thinking about what kind of family member he wanted, and he finally decided upon a twin sister. He came up with a twin because there was a pair at his school, and no matter what happened they were always together and having fun. As for it being a twin sister instead of brother, the truth was that he flipped a coin; he couldn't decide if he wanted a brother or a sister and so decided to let a flip of a coin decide. Heads for brother, tails for sister. Seeing that she was going to be his twin sister, Harry decided she would be like a female version of him, black hair and green eyes, but her hair would be longer. Not only that, but he decided that she wouldn't be like him, shy with a lack of confidence and fear of his family. Harry often wished he had more confidence himself, but he really disliked brash, cocky people who were always talking. So instead of brash and cocky, his sister would be quiet and calculating in public, but mischievous and fun-loving around those she cared for. And unlike him, she had the confidence to not care one lick about what people thought about her as long as she was happy with the decisions she made. The world is a strange place. Despite many people spending their entire lives delving into the secret turnings of the world, the Earth still has many secrets that she keeps to herself, and one of these secrets was about to change Harry Potter's life forever. This particular secret that was about to begin revealing itself to young Harry, was the existence of magic. Earth was a clever and mysterious existence. Centuries ago it was able to convince people the world over that magic was nothing more than the superstition of primitive people who didn't understand the way the world worked, so they invented the idea of magic to explain the unexplainable. But the reality was that magic was real, and since Magic Users had learned how to use it, Earth now had a harder time in hiding magic from the world. As a result, it became the responsibility of magic users the world over to hide the reality of magic from the world at large.