Animagus Mishap! Cats Challenge by whitetigerwolf: What happens when Harry gets a witch pregnant in their Animagus forms? Requirements: - Harry and whatever witch he knocks up must be the same animal as him. - Harry and the witch cannot know that the other animal is magical/animagus until the witch discovers she's pregnant. - Must contain a lecture from McGonagall. - Cannot take place before fourth year. - Must include pregnancy and birth in story. - Harry and his witch must marry before the child, or children depending on what you do, is born. Recommended: - Lemons. o0OoO0o Summary: The story starts in Harry's Fourth Year at Hogwarts; after a summer of un-suspected twist and turns, being able to spend time with Sirius, learning to become an Animagus and realizing some home truths, Harry returns to Hogwarts as a different person: one that won't be controlled by others. However, apart for the changes over the summer, there'll be a few mishaps during Harry's first few months back at Hogwarts that'll change Harry's live and the future of the Wizarding Worlds forever. Harry/McGonagall/Hermione/Multi - if you don't like this paring, don't read on. Disclaimer: I do not in any shape or form own Harry Potter, be it characters, spells, items, or anything else that's connected to the Harry Potter books/movies; they all belong to J. K. Rowling & the Warner Bros Pictures. I don't even earn any money from this. The only characters that I do own are the ones that you haven't read about in the books. Although, I wish I did, that way I could come up with a more believable way for Harry ending up with Ginny or someone who is better for him. Also I would made Hermione less trusting of people like Dumbledore and less bossy. Anyway, onto the story. Warnings: Dark Fic, Underage Sex, Strong Language, Characters Bashing, Violence, , Fem-Slash (female on female) and Character Death, OOC, OC's, Sub/Dom, Male Dom, Bestiality and many, many more, I'll place them when needed. If you don't like any of these, then stop reading now, as any flames that haven't got a point will be told where to get off. Chapter 1! "About time," Muttered Ron. Grasping his knife and fork he gazed at the empty serving trays arrayed on the table. Harry Potter, fourth year boy wizard, watched as the last eleven year olds waiting to be sorted walked to his house table, Hufflepuff. Turning his head to look at Ron he gave him a grin and replied, "It's not the end of the world if a storm delays the firsties on the lake." Sure he, like many others from second to seventh years, were hungry, but as long as the first years got here safely, it wouldn't be too bad to wait a bit longer. Ron looked back at him, "I'm bloody well hungry, mate-" "Ronald, Language!" Hermione chided. Ron gave her a sardonic grin. Harry noticed the Headmaster stand and the Great Hall fell silent. Goblet raised, Dumbledore spoke. "To the students, new and old. Tuck in." With that he took a sip and returned to his seat. Harry and most of the Great Hall mirrored the headmaster and gave a murmured "To the students." With great gusto, Ron attacked any food dish within arm's reach moments after they appeared on the table. "Watch the hands, lads." Harry cautioned to those sitting around them. A few people chuckled and glanced at Ron in amusement. "Ahhh, 'at's be'er" Ron said, his mouth full of mashed potatoes. After several conversation-less minutes, Nearly Headless Nick floated near, forlornly surveying the feast. "You're lucky there's a feast at all tonight, you know," He said, "There was trouble in the kitchens earlier." "Why? What happened?" Harry asked before he took a bite of steak. Shaking his head which wobbled dangerously, Nearly Headless Nick replied, "Peeves of course," pulling his ruff a little higher up on his neck. he continued. "The usual argument, he wanted to attend the feast and well it's quite out of the question. You know what he's like, utterly uncivilized, can't see a plate of food without throwing it. We held a ghosts council, the Fat Friar was all for giving him the chance but most wisely, in my opinion, the Bloody Baron put his foot down and forbid him from coming." The Bloody Baron was a Gaunt and silent spectre that favoured the house of Slytherin, whose appearance gave some chills. Covered in silver bloodstains, he was the only entity in the castle that was actually capable of reining in Peeves. "Yeah, we saw Peeves in the entrance hall, seemed hacked off about something," said Ron darkly. "So what did he do in the kitchens?" "Oh the usual," said Nearly Headless Nick, shrugging. "He wreaked havoc and mayhem, causing pots and pans to fly everywhere, the place was swimming in soup and the terrified house-elves -" Clang . Hermione knocked over her golden goblet of pumpkin juice. It spread steadily over the tablecloth staining several feet of white linen orange but Hermione paid it little attention. "There are house-elves here? " she said, staring horror-struck at Nearly Headless Nick. "Here at Hogwarts?" "Certainly," said Nearly Headless Nick looking surprised at her reaction. "The largest number in any single dwelling in Britain, I believe. Over a hundred elves." "I've never seen one around the school!" said Hermione, glancing left and right, trying to catch a glimpse of one. "Well, they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day" said Nearly Headless Nick. "They only come out at night to do a bit of cleaning, tend to the fires and so on. I mean, you're not supposed to see them, are you? That's the mark of a good house-elf, isn't it, that you don't know it's there?" Hermione stared at him. "But they get paid?" she asked with a glare that would make Snape proud. "They get holidays, don't they? And - and sick leave, and pensions, and everything?" Nearly Headless Nick chortled so much that his collar slipped and his head flopped off, dangling on the inch or so of ghostly skin and muscle that still attached it to his neck. "Sick leave and pensions?" he said, pushing his head back onto his shoulders and securing it once more with his collar. "House-elves don't want sick leave and pensions or anything like that!" Hermione looked down at her hardly touched plate of food and then putting her knife and fork down upon it pushed the plate away from her. "Slave labour," said Hermione, breathing hard through her nose. "That's what made this dinner. Slave labour!" She said, refusing to eat another bite. Harry knew where all her indignation was coming from, the story he'd told her about Dobby and what had happened to the house-elf Winky this past summer. He could also guess what she was thinking right now, a way to free all of the house-elves in Hogwarts and then the world. "Hermione, eat something, will you, starving yourself won't help anyone, neither you nor the elves and you know it," said Harry. Hermione retaliated with a glare. Despite her initial thoughts on the matter, Hermione realized after a few moments that Harry was right. So, unhappily, she began to eat again. "Good, now, if I know you as well as I think I do, you're planning to do something foolish like, like attempt to free the elves here at Hogwarts, well don't." Harry stated. Surprised at his insight into what she was thinking and not quite believing that Harry would tell her not to try and free the possibly enslaved creatures, she protested "But Harry -" "Hermione, think about this," Harry interrupted. "You're basing this slave labour nonsense idea on what you know about Dobby and Winky. Dobby, who was owned by the Malfoys , and Winky, who you saw for all of five minutes. Don't muggles have maids and butlers? For all you know all the other elves might be treated like maids and butlers, after all, don't Muggles have maids and butlers for large houses? And even if it is slavery maybe there's a reason for it, maybe they like it." Hermione was startled by Harry's argument. With a huff, she rebutted. "Regardless, hired help is just that, hired, meaning they get paid. And as for them liking being treated as a slave, that's because they don't know any different." "Ok, you got me there on the muggle maids and butlers getting paid," Harry admitted, "But, how much do you know about house-elves? At the moment you're acting like Ron." Harry chuckled as both Hermione and Ron give him the evil eye, he turned to look at Ron and with a sigh continued. "Come on, Ron, we all know that you often act without thinking, like hating the Slytherins for no reason apart from Malfoy and his cronies. There might, after all, be some good ones in the house and the only reason they don't act upon it is because they're worried about what the reset of their house and the people like Malfoy within it would do to them. And with people like Malfoy, I don't blame them one bit, it would explain why they act the way they do, keeping to themselves to keep safe. It is the reason why I don't go looking for them, just in case Malfoy, or those like him, find out and decide to torment or hurt them for being friends, hell even civil, with me." "What-" Ron barked. "If you don't like the idea of that, Ron, grow up and deal with it," Harry added as he saw how angry Ron was at this. "Unlike you and many others, I don't see Slytherins as evil and everyone else as good. Do I have to remind you of last year," Ron shook his head as he remembered the Gryffindor traitor Peter Pettigrew. Dejectedly, Ron returned to his plate. The other students around Harry, Hermione and Ron who were listening to the debate about house-elves had to wonder what happened last year to stop Ron from arguing about Slytherins. "Now where was I," said Harry as he turned and faced Hermione, pausing for a moment of thought, he said, "Oh, yes, how much do you actually know about house-elves? What if they don't want to be paid? Or what's to say they're not paid in some form other than galleons? What if having food and a safe place to call home is enough compensation for them? Also, What if a house-elf needs to be 'enslaved' as you would say? "What do you mean Harry?" Hermione asked, confused, "Why would a house-elf need to be enslaved at all?" Many of the students who were listening wondered this too and pointedly looked at Harry, waiting to hear his answer. "I was thinking about Dobby and why he would stay with the Malfoys for so long if they treated him so badly." Harry said. "So I read up on it in a book I was able to find this summer, that explains about House-Elves and their behaviour. House-Elves need the magic of a master to survive. They're like, small helpful versions of Dementors, except instead of feeding on emotions, they 'feed' on magic. Without that steady supply of magic they can die." Hermione's eyes widened. "There's a special process that is fairly reminiscent of enslavement, but it creates a bond between the elf and his master. So, simply freeing the house-elves is actually a bad idea. Also, as far as I'm aware of, the bond can only be broken by the master, so I'm not too sure you'd be able to free them anyways, but I'm all for helping create a system to protect them." Harry said. Hermione and everyone around Harry who was listening to him talking sat in silence thinking over what he had said. None of them had thought about house-elves and the reason behind why the