Her Black Rose - Rework! By Dark Dragen. Disclaimer: I do not in any shape or form own Harry Potter, be it characters, spells, items, or anything else that's connected to the Harry Potter books/movies; they all belong to J. K. Rowling & the Warner Bros Pictures. I don't even earn any money from this. The only characters that I do own are the ones that you haven't read about in the books. Although, I wish I did, that way I could come up with a more believable way for Harry ending up with Ginny or someone who is better for him. Also I would made Hermione less trusting of people like Dumbledore and less bossy. Anyway, onto the story. Summary: One night of paradise soon turns into a hellacious nightmare for Harry as he finds himself married and exploring a side of himself that he had denied for so long. Even worse, his wife is the last person he'd even consider calling his love! Warnings: Dark Fic, Underage Sex, Strong Language, Characters Bashing, Violence, Fem-Slash (female on female) and Character Death, OOC, OC's, Sub/Dom, Male Dom, Bestiality and many, many more, I'll place them when needed. If you don't like any of these, then stop reading now, as any flames that haven't got a point will be told where to get off. Author's Note: Before we start, I would like to inform you that this story belonged to DZ2, who put this story up for adoption when he got too many annoying reviews, where they told him to stop writing the story, or rewrite it and so on. So not to lose a good story, I've decided to take it upon myself to write this, but because of my other works, I should warn you that this'll be a SLOW update. I'm going to looking over his reviews for the story, and see what I can add. The one thing that I'll be change is the pairings, it'll still be Harry/Bellatrix, but like many of my stories he'll have a few others. Who? I'm not sure, but he'll be with at least three people, don't think it'll be more than five, but we'll have to wait and see. Possible Veela or two. One other thing before we begin, you all know the kind of stories I write, and so you know what to suspect from me. So if you don't like the dark and twisted story, than you should stop reading now, and unless flames if can't be removed, I'll ignore or if they are too bad tell you to fuck off. So you have been warned. ' Thought' § 'Parssseltongue' § Chapter 1 - Teenage Lust Running… Harry had spent most of the summer running, but then again, given how his school year had ended, you couldn't really blame him. He didn't know where he was running to, but he knew all too well what he was running from: he was running from the pain, the sorrow and the nightmares. He was running from lies, bigotry, discrimination and people who switched sides faster than a flash of lightning. Most of all, Harry was running from two things: the Order and from the influences of the one-man mouthpiece, Albus Dumbledore! And running from himself! Ever since Sirius had died, Harry had been alone without so much as a word of real apology from Dumbledore: all he'd gotten was some bullshit excuse about blood wards and the true reason of the prophecy and then, as always, he was being shipped back to Privet Drive as though he was just some sort of cargo. Where he begun to think about his past, and about what happened during that night. During the week Harry came to realize how much he was holding back since he got to Hogwarts. Before Hogwarts, he was smart, not scarey smart like Hermione, but still smart enough to get great marks. But the problem was that he had to hold back, all because his aunt and uncle didn't like the idea of a 'Freak' like him doing better than their son Dudley. He would be punished whenever he done better, no food for a week, or/and locked in his bedroom (the cupboard under the stairs,) and or the odd occasion beaten. This was the reason why he held back. But seeing that he was going to Hogwarts, he had no reason to hold back, but yet he did. After a few days thought he realized why: his friends - and he used the term loosely. Ron was a jealous git, and hated anyone who done better than him. Hermione, she was a friend yes, but she was a bossy boat, who likes to be number one at everything she does and didn't like it when she wasn't. So to keep them as friend, he held himself back once again. Although Harry begun to wonder why he did so, they didn't seem to act like friends should act. As over the last three weeks, they had once again blacklisted him again, making him feel he was a persona non grata (an unwelcome person) as far as his so-called friends were concerned. Not that he was all that bothered, as with them treating him like that, and his relatives doing everything that they could to stay out of his way - it allowed Harry to think. The first was that why hadn't he had more friends, sure he didn't help the matter, but he would have thought seeing that he was the Boy-Who-Lived, many of the students would be flocking to him to become friends - but yet none did. Harry had to wonder why this was; did he do something that people wouldn't want to come near him? Apart for not having more friends, Harry thought about the shit about what happened during his school years. His first two years didn't add up: first year why was he and three other students sent into the Forbidden Forest. They had no knowledge of how to defend themselves, it was only luck that he wasn't killed when he face the shade of Voldemort that year. Another thing he now realized was the so-called protection for the Philosopher's Stone, if three children could get around how would they stop a Dark Lord? Harry had to wonder if it was a set up, and if so set up for what? And then his second year, why did Dumbledore hired Lockhart Harry would never know, didn't he knew that Lockhart was a fraud. All the signs were there if you looked, why hire someone without making sure they were on the up and up, the Muggle World would make sure that a teacher had the ability to teach and not just hire someone because they were famous. Also how couldn't the Headmaster know that a Basilisk was attacking the students, Hermione once she had the clues found out in a day, and the Headmaster had fifty years to find out. So Harry had to wonder what the Headmaster was thinking. Whilst nothing really happened during his third year other than Sirius escaping Azkaban, not much happened that year. But he had a few questions, like why the hell would someone give a thirteen year old a Time Tuner. Sure at the end of the year he was glad about it, as he save himself, Hermione and Sirius from the Dementors, but still why give a teenager a time travel device, especially for schoolwork? And thinking about the Dementors, why did he allow them near the school, they proved they couldn't trusted when they invaded the Quidditch Match between Gryffindor Vs. Hufflepuff. One other thing, why couldn't Dumbledore gave Sirius a trial, he had the power to do so, but yet done nothing to help Sirius. Than Harry's fourth year, and the Goblet of Fire, Harry had to wonder why Dumbledore didn't realize that his old friend Mad-Eye Moody was an impostor? Not only that though, but the business with the Goblet of Fire, Harry suspected that they could have disqualified him for being under age, or come up with another reason to get him out of the Tournament - but for whatever reason they didn't. But then as he thought about it, maybe he could use the fact that the Tri-Wizard Tournament was meant for those of age to enter to his advantage, he would have to go to Gringotts and see if the Goblins could help him out. And last year, it was the worst yet, after seeing a student, Cedric Diggory, die, he was once again forced back to the Dursleys. It wouldn't be too bad, but with the nightmares of what happened at the end of the Tournament, having his so called friends not writing to him, the Dementors attack and the trumped-up up charges for defending himself against the Dementors - it wasn't the best summer he had. And that was only the summer, it got worse when he got back to Hogwarts. When he got to Hogwarts though it got worse, first off, thanks to the fool Minister of Magic, Minister Fudge who had The Daily Prophet writing rubbish about him, no one believed him about about happened to Diggory - even though they did at the end of last year. Then there was Professor Umbridge, or many called her behind her back Umbitch, the new Defence of the Dark Arts Teacher. By far she was the worse of the Professor that Harry had, she wouldn't allow anyone pritice any magic, but force them to read useless books that taught them nothing. He learnt that Dumbledore wasn't able to find someone to teach Defence of the Dark Arts Teacher, and so Minister Fudge forced Umbitch onto the school thanks to a new law that he put through. But as Harry thought about it now though, he started to think otherwise, as if he could hire the fool and fraud Lockhart, he could find anyone to teach Defence of the Dark Arts Teacher. And if worse came to worse, he could have had one of his Order Members teach Defence, so Harry had to wonder why the Headmaster hadn't done so. During the year, she even forced him, and rumoured to do so with a few others, to use Blood Quills, when he tried to tell everyone about Voldemort's return. The Blood Quill made the person write in their blood, and scar them with whatever they wrote, in Harry's case it was 'I must not tell lies.' When Harry tried to tell his Head of House, Professor McGonagall, at the start of the year about how unfair Umbitch was, McGonagall told him that he should keep his head down and not bother with Umbridge. Thanks to the fool Fudge, she first became Hogwarts High Inquisitor, where she and Fudge created Educational Decrees to make life at Hogwarts difficult. One Educational Degrees that Fudge created, made it so that Umbitch as the Headmistress. Apart for Umbridge, he had to learn something called Occlumency from Snape, when he dreamt that Arthur Weasley was being attacked by a huge snake. He went to Dumbledore about it, which sent someone to look into it to see it was true or not, when he found out it was, he had Snape teach him Occlumency. The Headmaster didn't really explain why he had to learn it, other than to stop such dreams again, as he was seeing into Voldemort's mind. Harry didn't know what Dumbledore was thinking having him and Snape together, seeing that they hated each other and that Snape wouldn't teach him anything thing. Then again, the Headmaster was acting strange since the summer, he never looked Harry in the eye, or spend more than a few minutes with Harry in a room unless he was forced to. It wasn't until after Sirius death that he learnt why, Dumbledore feared Voldemort would use the link that Harry and he seemed to have, to