Chapter One Fernet About It Dried blood caked her fingertips. Unwashed deep brown hair splayed over puffy red eyes until finally spilling down a threadbare, ichor encrusted pillowcase. Occasionally she'd inhale deeply. Her left nostril had been clogged for the better part of six hours, the incessant whistling annoyed her close quarters travel companions with every labored breath. No one thought to wake her, to put a stop to the offending sound. They were all overtired from weeks of terrible sleep and hungover from last night's cheap bottle of tequila in San Francisco, roughly ten hours south of the rusted, old van's current location. Instead, they listened to the low frequency hum of an equally tired engine and the rattling of glass on metal as they traversed the autumnal mountains of Northern Oregon. Mike, the loyal roadie and drummer for Seattle's homegrown, Paper Dolls, was leading the caravan along with the help of two Five Hour Energy shots and a steel bladder. For the two month duration of this tour the driver's seat had been his throne, well, besides his drum throne. Two long months of interrupted REM cycles, cheap food, and no sex had him itching to get to their next and final show of the tour. Daydreams of slipping into his clean jersey cotton sheets had already halted two bathroom breaks for the crew. The last tour had been an unbearable four months driving from the west coast, to the east coast, and finally back again with absolutely zero cash to spend or stash away to pay rent. He'd sworn he was done. His fiancee, Jessica, had made him do a silly pinky swear to resign from Paper Dolls within twenty minutes of settling into their one bedroom Los Angeles apartment. She retracted her pinky swear when the label countered his original monthly stipend with an incredibly convincing number, one that allowed her a small per diem. With his first check she'd gone out and bought a designer handbag. Mike dyed his naturally bleach blond hair a bright blue and quit his shitty bartending job. Eric, founding member and rhythm guitarist extraordinaire, sat fiddling with his phone in the passenger seat, every so often running a hand through his ink colored hair. Long dead and without a power source in sight, he was in for an excruciatingly phone-less four hour drive. Every couple of minutes he'd sigh or tout something political or nihilistic. Mike tuned it out for the most part. "Bells, are you dead? It's three in the fuckin afternoon." The brunette woman stirred in the back of the van, slamming a paper concert bracelet filled wrist against her ancient bass cabinet. Mike and Eric were unfazed by the minor display of aggression, chuckling softly to themselves about their sleepy comrade. Bella Swan was the true lifeblood of Paper Dolls. She was a regular player in the DIY LA music scene, hosted hundreds of house shows, booked some of the best bills her generation didn't know they wanted, and had a 'dude' for any kind of illegal substance money could buy. All before the tender age of twenty four. She was a blooming starlet in a sea of cigarettes and cocaine, a genuine Pacific Northwest diamond in the Hollywood rough. Their culty, Berkeley-based macro label, Riot Records, originally found Bella touring with LA punk band, The Topo Chicas. Riot offered a three album deal that night, but Bella declined due to her allegiance to the three piece project of her heart: Paper Dolls. "I told you to wake me up at noon, dude," she grumbled from the back, resting her chin on the bench seat separating the bandmates. She swung her arms over the top as well. "We tried, but you've got a mean right hook," he chuckled, miming a dramatic punch to the face. Bella glanced down at her bloodied right hand. There were no visible cuts or scrapes that would've caused such heavy hemorrhaging. She investigated further, even going as far as to make sure she hadn't started her period in the night. "This better be ketchup, guys." She touched the tip of her tongue to her knuckle, the tangy & metallic taste that followed caused her further panic. "You should probably lay off the blow, idiot. That's the third gusher this week, I don't even know how many this month" Mike chastised, inhaling deeply despite his own post nasal drip and sore throat. Bella pressed the pads of her fingers to her nose only to find more dried blood. "At least wait until the third album to get all hardcore and addicted on us." The van shook with laughter, but Mike and Eric shared a poignant glance, confirming unspoken fears for their beloved bass player and front-woman. Bella's LA boyfriend, Jacob Black, had ended their year long fling upon hearing news of the latest band excursion. West Coast All American, good time gal had slowly morphed into an anxious shell of a woman after that fateful date. When it came to discussing action regarding the post-breakup madness, Mike and Eric felt compelled to postpone any drastic measures for fear of ruining their enjoyment of the tour. They kept it a lighthearted most days; crossing their fingers while railing lines, sarcastically mentioning funeral arrangements and last wishes as a sort of macabre toast before shots. The three friends frequently joked about how perfect Jake's timing had been, having finished the record three days prior. Bella had failed to write any new material since and she acknowledged and found humor in this fact daily. The nasty split and Bella's subsequent drug use prompted the band to hastily end all leases, pack up the van, complete Riot Record's two month tour contract, and finally return home to Seattle. For good. That was as big as their plan had grown. Rehab centers were not being researched, therapists seemed pricey and unlikely when two-thirds of the crew lacked health insurance. The boys knew that with their return to normal life in Seattle, their drug use would subside. It would become a thing of the past, it had become a way to pass time on the road. Not to mention their girlfriends were adamantly opposed to anything that wasn't grappa. Bella had no one truly meaningful outside her bandmates. Renee & Charlie Swan has long disowned their daughter for her bohemian attitude. Jacob was clearly out of the picture, although he had always been more of an enabler than a caretaker. Eric and Mike preferred to remain positive, however. Hopeful that some cool Seattle air, a change of scenery, and a close proximity to her small hometown would straighten Bella out. Naive to the fact that such circumstances hardly ever sorted themselves. Bella's spiral into depression mode had been gradual. She knew her relationship with Jake was fucked from the start, but she'd always felt that was true in a charming, forbidden love kind of way. The self obsessed loser timed their breakup to coincide with her departure. One week before the start of the biggest, riskiest career move she'd made since dropping out of University of Washington with a solid 4.0. The resulting mental anguish outweighed any level of grief she'd experienced before. "Are those pretzels still in the glove compartment?" Bella croaked, gently clearing her throat a few times. "No, we smoked this morning and ate them. Sorry dude, but you were out cold. We can stop at the next gas station and grab shit," Eric replied, tapping the windows as they passed an exit hospitality sign. He glared at his black phone screen. "I haven't spoken to Angie in three days, Bella. Have you heard anything from her?" Bella smiled thinking of her former college roommate, Angela Weber. "Nope." She sat up and looked Eric directly in the eye. "I flushed my phone down the toilet in Albuquerque last week," the grin that followed was genuine, maybe a little proud. She couldn't remember the exact moment that her rage sparked, all she knew was that Jake had tried to call her at some point in the night and the nearest trash receptacle was to the right of the toilet. Her aim had always been poor , she mused. "That's fuckin brilliant, Bells," Mike chuckled, sarcastically. His smiling blue eyes caught hers in the rearview mirror. "Want to text her from my phone?" "Yeah, if you don't mind." Eric didn't wait for a response before snatching Mike's smartphone from the center cup holders. A peaceful silence had fallen over the van forty-five minutes out from Seattle. The valiant heroes returning home from war, the team's first home game in almost a year. There was so much energy buzzing throughout the van, Bella didn't dare say a word and interrupt it. They hit mild traffic entering the densely populated University District, but that was to be expected at 7pm on a Friday night. "What's the place look like?" Eric asked. The electricity was gone, Bella snapped back to reality and suddenly felt claustrophobic being minutes from her old neighborhood. "I don't know. Jasper sent me a blurry picture last week. Looked like shit, but I can't blame the fucker for being proud," Mike said, briefly peeling his eyes from the row of dark buildings to their left. "It's supposed to look like shit, shithead," Eric quipped. Jasper Whitlock was Mike's best friend from high school back in Austin, Texas. They moved to Seattle upon graduation to attend University of Washington's music school, but promptly dropped out to pursue more practical, kinesthetic forms of their chosen path. The House of Dirt became their brainchild. An all inclusive, punk as fuck you, cash only DIY venue that recently relocated to acquire a legitimate business and liquor license. Paper Dolls had been fortunate enough to play the first incarnation of HoD, though Bella heard insane stories about the new space from other touring bands. Apparently it was always packed and only slightly more law abiding since the change over. Mike gave up on locating the bar after circling the same block three times. He instead settled for a well lit parking space five minutes away from the camouflaged venue. At least, that's what Google Maps estimated. He expertly parallel parked the van and made a grand gesture of hitting the unlock switch. Bella threw the back door open and immediately jumped out to stretch her legs. The minute her well worn Dr Martins hit the damp pavement, she felt slightly more at ease. She closed her eyes and inhaled as deeply as her clogged sinuses would allow. "Smells like-" "- you need to shower," Mike snorted, lifting a lock of her shoulder length hair to his nose. She playfully swatted him away and lifted her arm to expose an un-showered armpit. Mike eluded her gesture by bouncing around to the back of the van to immediately begin load in procedure. Eric and Bella followed suit. They had their routine down to a mere fifteen minutes. Bella hauled her cab out of the van and began the trek to the House of Dirt. To the band's surprise, Jasper familiar face and messy blonde hair met them at the corner behind the bar. "Hey, could I have y'all bring that shit through the back? It should be open." he said, slapping Eric on the back and pointing towards a poorly lit alley one lot in from the corner. "I can lend a hand, doors aren't till nine." Once inside and completely loaded in, Paper Doll's equipment placed carefully in the back behind the other band's gear, Jasper slid a few PBRs and shots of well whisky to his friends. He raised his two ounce glass in a toast, "To your first show at House of Dirt: version 2.0." The band tossed their shots back without hesitation, although Bella instantly regretted the decision, as she hadn't eaten a square meal that day. She excused herself to the restroom to expunge the well liquor. "What? Can't