A/N: This is the impostume of reading too much Shakespeare, which outward breaks and knows not why potential readership dies. But for those who don't mind this weird marriage of poetry and fanfic, here it is. For anyone new to verse, try reading aloud, softly, to yourself. It will make better sense that way. The Riddle of Man Though oft the sweet-sung tale of late renown Among our common laud, a troubled mind Did lead me once to quiet witness sound, Whose tale obscure too late did wisdom find, Ere he was laid on fruitless ground to rest: So this, in's memory, I'll tell to test. There lived a boy of raven hue, whose eyes All eyes did draw to praise, like midnight sheer On iv'ry marble smooth, that, realized, Did show to all his beauty's moonlight clear. And groped to him describe in just compare, As dark Adonis of renownèd fair. His charms did charm, his pleasing wit bewitched, Enchanting craft which swiftly won the grace Of wondered wizard and of swooning witch, Which easy skill had shown the telling trace Of ancient Slytherin, his mother's line, That all gave due to noble blood's divine. His talent known, at school he rose to fame, For in all of curse and jinx and hex excelled, And there grew known his stranger's Muggle name, Though in his vein coursed blood of Peverell. And soon him followed in a loving throng A motley court that sued for favor longed. A love had he, one Coralina Smith, Niece to old Hepzibah, Hufflepuff's heir. Though Slytherin-sorted, of cunning pith, Her heart was golden gentleness' fair. Her grace he wooed, courted, and present won, And with her went after schooling done. But lo, it cannot be that matchless form Can spotless match within; for violent birth Of need-imbibed desire, like the worm, Does seethe and chafe to prove its scanted worth In ancient world of magic's right and might, Where strong seize all, and weakling fall from sight. So young Tom Riddle (hight) like fury strove At Borgin's worked till morning's shadow eye, His lover like a wife, balm to his behove, His confidante in every act and lie. This love like coin resembled, on each side, Where mirror twins of blackest fair resides. "Master Burke for your advancement speaks," Said she in whispered confidence of bed, "A vacancy, which falls on thee to seek! Lest some popinjay take it in thy stead; For even lowly Ministry hire May rise to fill his dark desire." So up, our Tom preferred, like blooming rose, Or special magnet which success draws near, Or moon the ocean's tide attracts it close, Did climb to ranks of rank ambition's dear, Which seeks the earthly fruit of polis crown That grants immortal heights from humble ground. A politic career had made him well, And soon a loyal twelve, who called him lord, Of talent profit and in leisure dwell, With selfsame hungry want for power's hoard. And in this pledge did swear to serve 'a true At his command by wand of phoenix yew. What then, in spring success, could augur bring? His lover now his wife, his lordship's queen; The Phoenix order fled on frighted wing, The Ministry at heel, his power seen; Why, then, this leaden flash, this dew of cold, That harrows up the bone to press him old? "A prophecy, my lord." Thus plague begun. His man Severus, bone-white, spoke in few: "Your death's proclaimed by newborn summer son, Whom you must end, or risk your state undo. This Sibyl Trelawney with rasping speech Spoke fearful fortune; hear it, I beseech. "The sons of these two enemies, both alike In dignity and danger they present: Fair Longbottom, and Potter in his spite, Which your success they bitter most resent: As families of ancient line and clout, Your hard-won right they scorn, your blood they doubt. "O, good my lord, do not this augur heed, The vague pronouncement of uncertain word, To mark each penny-filching doctor's greed And loose your judgment to reason most absurd. For augurs are like rakehell oaths, all bawds, And this Trelawney shy of certain fraud. "O, yet while you've your strength, take care defend The triumph of your state through power's just! For sudden acts precipitate their end, Like lover's frenzy dead in passion's dust. What need, therefore, to spur from glory's sun, And plan a fell attack on Lily's son? "Darling Lily's son, and Longbottom's too, Are nothing to your lordship's grace compared; Say they'll grow to do you wrong, say that's true: 'Tis common known that common ends by rare. Your patience stay; but if you needs must act, On Longbottom fall your preventive tact. "Your mercy, lord, commends your mercy's grace, In granting me your humble servant's plea, To spare that love that love itself did lace With beauty's rose and fortune's starry lea. Then in your wisest censure judge Whether greater lord would lesser plea begrudge." "I do conceive," (this in reply), "thy plight, Severus; so I here confess me free From fond gain-giving or too-credent fright In piercing shallow mists of prophecy. For when I give consent to fear invest Pronounce me bankrupt in both wit and rest." And yet it's often seen that jealousy, When faced with Fortune's accidents, Runs sweaty mind with sharp conspiracy, And nurtures compost seeds of false intent. So 'twas the seeress proved her risky lie, When both that month his motion's plans defied. To Dumbledore the fam'lies swore an oath, And joined his Phoenix order to prevent The fearful promise of his office troth: By courting the pureblood constituent, Prestige and power gain, in nation rule, And nevermore play fortune's motley fool. But dark and queer, the dreams that haunt the life, Like swinging pendulum of nightmare trance! So deep his brood it did alarm his wife, Who stayed the loose-held reigns of augured chance To tell him this: "This seeress is but light; Stay, therefore, do not order judgment's flight. "'Tis always been the truc of prophecy, Itself to realize its self's belief With vague announcement garbed as certainty, Of which, for proof, their own self proof is chief. Thus builds a hollow case in iron proof, Like lawyer's edifice's absent roof. "To do this deed, your credit would undo, Which yet some eye of public favor holds, For trophies, trinkets, offices that honor you Their luster lost, their waste is present sold. Advancement by this act so would fly Your fortune forfeit, that hour's honor dies. "I say this not to stay, oh, understand, Thy mounting name; but thou must yet fear With too-small pause to dye thy spotless hand, And easy fall in murder's blackened smear. Oh, do not thee so: For all greatness must The jealous mass attract like scented lust. "This Sibyl is a punk, a drab, a pass, Who never spoke in life a word of truth: Cassandra's blood, though not her See she has, And so she's worked as pandlar-bawd since youth. To credit her a minute past her rate, Would soon reduce ye to a beggar's state." "This advice of caution's well" (so spoke he) "And therefore caution will I best employ: To crush the bud before it flowers me With pestilence, else spell my end in joy. For sickness left untendered deathly rage To leave one simple mark upon a page." "Wilt thou aid me, Cora? Dost thou approve?" They clinging fast, a little world in room, And, silent, understood the force which moves The trembling thread through steady weaving loom, And weave the silky purse with icy will Which glory's expectation helps keep still. II. The night of Hallows' Eve drew velvet black. The moon, forewarned, had cloaked herself from see; In laden streets a masquerade was wracked Like glimm'ring jewels in solemn ebony. But lo, how starless was this hallowed night, As if these loyal guards had quit in fright! And if some common portents there were seen, As owl's daylight pass or talking horse; The dire thunderclap, the lone wolf's keen, A ghost relating horror in blank verse, None bore the fruit of witness or of deed; But horror more than these did proceed. And, ghosting, cloaked through village festive's streets, The riddle walked with slow, ungainly tread. A flask through gripless fingers, flavored sweet, Empty rang the streets as slipping courage fled. Each step proclaimed: Let fall life, usher death, For only fools dare barter precious breath. A child, no more, a life to say but one, Untested thought that grows in's promise doubt. Then kind enough t'eclipse this flaming son, Lest fiery growth in danger scorch him out. What lacks he, then, but strength of chosen will, To banish evil life with goodly kill? Fair or dark, dark and fair, or darkly fair, To ravel future fall from stars divine; Which peril's boy discern, which wizard's heir Would one day claim, "This life were mine"? And then unbidden came the knowing spark – Fair and dark had fought; so won the dark. The hallowed Hollow in evening's Hallow, Rose rosy vision of a mountain mist. Whiskey quickened blood and breathing shallow, The web of fogging doubt that must desist. Till in his memory's abstract lived this creed: To never stay till ending of this deed. So banish doubt, sink feeling to the bone; And flaming mind abate with cooling patience. Make lily-livered heart to practice stone, Leave mother mercy off with temperance. And should in this endeavor triumph can, You'd prove yourself a more than mortal man. Within was dark without a sound. A chance Of pause him stayed: Was this a trap, a trick? Had the Potters warning of his advance? A furious stream of light replied, a lick Of smarting curse – the jealous father stood, Armed and ready to defend his brood. No discourse, all instinct, marked the first exchange, And silent house her secret soon disclosed. They fought as teething beasts, deranged, Where one opponent fell, the other rose. Till both in struggle had about the neck; A moment's beat before the fatal wreck. The flash of jade this shattered mirror caught, The slash that chasm tore the living place – What eye would horror glimpse, received unsought, The cleanly break's irrevocable case? The body fell, and so fell too marred youth, That bit of soul that so betrayed its truth. In silence rang, though never heard, the moan Whose mournful treble for her husband's death Would have stole the general ear and sown In ev'ry sleeping conscience anguished breadth, And make the stones themselves on murder cry Which joined his racing blood where conscience lies. The lick of flame that vanished on the stair At his trespass and sequent wizard's duel Now flashed in desp'rate quickness 'round the fair It gilded, like porcelain of queenly rule, Now fleshly pale at horror's hasty side Her tender hidden from the wicked hide. "Desist, depart," she cried. "No more, I pray – Take me instead; I do throw my life of care, And your hand upon my head fear not stay. But not my boy, no, not my son, him spare, And I will do you any service, now, So changing mercy with a servant's vow." "I have no quarrel nor no use for thee," Quoth he. "Stand aside. Mercy will I give If thou my business let unhindered free, 'Less like thy husband thou wilt scorn to live. So quit thy begging – no, I cannot hear – Leave hanging from my sleeve, come not so near." "Kind master, good lord," she sobbed. "Don't refuse; You cannot be so kindless, no, you must, Nor can you my frankness so abuse And kill for naught the simplest sense of just. Have pity, then, upon my state, have soul, Which you know I know you have, that yet is whole. "Or better still, take him alive; how great Your triumph then, to turn a dreaded foe To friend, to son, to chief of highest state; How