AN: I got this idea from a two part piece on DeviantArt and it really struck with me as I realized how big of a possibility this was in the Percy Jackson world but I had never seen it. So a shout out to the artist 'Golden-Flute' and their piece 'Percy Jackson—No Longer Whole'. It's a great piece and I'd recommend checking out their other work as well. AN: Takes place at the end of Heroes of Olympus, or my version at least. No Longer Whole -Percy- Staring at the door in front of him Percy sighed before mustering up the courage he needed to knock on the door, half hoping that nobody would hear and he would have to leave. Within a minute or two of his knock though he hears shuffling on the other side. Finally, as the door slowly cracked open, he heard the tired voice of his step-father Paul grumble "Who is it? Do you know what time it…" before cutting off when their eyes met before the door shot open, "Percy?!" he exclaimed in shock. "Hey Paul," he said sheepishly, shuffling his feet as his step-father rubbed sleep addled eyes, probably thinking it could still be a dream "sorry it's so late.". "I…I can't believe it." Paul said, still staring at him in shock "You're…you're home!". Wincing he looked down slightly "Yeah…well…" he moved his right hand…and gripped the stump where his left arm used to be "most of me.". Paul gasped in horror before softly whispering "By the gods, please let this just be a nightmare.". "I'm sorry Paul," he said just as softly "but this is real.", he would have said more but the man, shedding silent tears, pulled him into a tight embrace and cried softly for a moment before pulling him inside. As the door closed behind them he heard his mother's tired voice "Paul? Who was at the door?" as she fumbled around for the light-switch. The moment she found it and the lights flared to life she froze in shock, staring at them in stunned disbelief, not yet noticing his missing limb as it was turned away from her. "Sally," Paul said, his voice clearly shaking as he tried not to break down "look who's home.". Sighing softly he turned to face his mother, his empty hoodie sleeve swinging limply, drawing attention to what was obviously not there. "Hey Mom," he said, taking a couple steps towards her, raising his right arm in a greeting causing his sleeve to drop and show the Roman brand that marked his skin "I'm home.". "Per-" she began, tears in the corners of her eyes before she sighed "Perseus Jackson, what on earth did you do to your arm?". Thinking that she believed this to be a dream, much like Paul had, he moved over to grip his stump and began "Oh. Um…well, the thing is…" but stopped when she took his hand and pulled it down while sliding his sleeve up to get a better look at his arm. "A tattoo? Really?" she asked "You're barely seventeen. You shouldn't have to be worrying about things like tattoos or…or.." here he could see reality sink in as she came to grips that this wasn't a dream "…s-saving the world and…oh, God, Percy. I was so worried. I love you so much." She finished as she embraced him, sobbing into his shoulder. "I love you too, Mom." He whispered softly as he wrapped his one arm around her. As he felt her pull back he looked into her eyes and, though they still shone with tears, they also glowed with joy that he was back, that her baby boy was once again home. As she took his hand and his empty sleeve into her own palms while Paul placed a hand on his shoulder she shakily said "Welcome home, sweetheart.". -The next Morning- Waking up with a gasp, he lay panting in his bed, covered in a layer of sweat as he calmed down from his nightmare, when he was forced to relive the end of the war after telling his parents about it. -Flashback- Raising Riptide into the air he roared in defiance of Gaea and her army, his cry echoing in the voices of his Greek comrades before being followed by a cry of "Twelfth Legion Full Manata!" from the Romans as the two forces faced the oncoming horde of Monsters, led by Gaea in her new form. Her form showed her connection to the earth and nature more than any other deity he had ever seen, except for maybe Tartarus. Her skin was made of wood, like that of a sturdy tree, and her armor was thick looking stone. Her eyes glowed a vibrant leafy green while her flowing hair was the color amber sap as it cascaded past her shoulders while in her hand she gripped a vibrant green spear that he had no doubt was connected to the earth as she was. "Charge!" he called out, running down the hill to meet the enemy force head on as the allied demigods yelled and followed suit, braying for the blood of the monsters that they faced. As he ran down Half-Blood hill though a chill ran up his spine when he saw Gaia's smirk before she pointed her spear at their oncoming force and fired a blast of raw magical energy at them. Paling in fear he spun around used a blunt water whip to push his fellow demigods to the ground to save them from the blast as it rushed towards him. Turning to face his death head on, he stared Gaea in the eye and glared with all the hatred and force he could muster, knowing he couldn't dodge the blast of magic in time after saving his friends before he felt a force shove him aside as he dodged most of the blast…but it caught his left arm and burned it to ashes, cauterizing the stub as it did so as he fell to the ground with a cry of pain. Using his remaining to push himself off the ground he looked to see what had moved him and froze when he saw Annabeth…or what was left as she lay bleeding on the ground…everything bellow her waist completely gone from Gaea's attack. Rushing over to her he cradled her gently with his remaining arm and felt his tears fall, faintly hearing Gaea laughing in the background at his misery. "Why?" he choked out as he held her, praying to all the gods to keep her alive. "I..Promised you…didn't I?" she forced out with a weak smile as her life force continued to pool out beneath her "I swore you would survive this…that you would get to see your Mom again…I couldn't just let you die.". "Please," he sobbed openly, his tears flowing like a river and mixing with her blood as it stained the ground "don't leave me...I love you Annabeth.". "I love you too…Percy…" she gasped out, shaking as she slowly lost the last pieces of her life "but promise me…don't let my death destroy you…remember me…and live for the both of us…" she finished too weak to say another word. "I…I promise I'll try my Annabeth, my Wise Girl." He felt his tears fall as he leaned forward and kissed her tenderly, trying to pour all his love for her into that kiss, trying to make sure that in her last moment Annabeth knew fully how much she loved her. As he felt her last breath pass her lips he pulled away with a sob before resolve set in. Shakily, he used his remaining hand to untie her camp necklace before he gripped the cord and her dagger and wrapped the beaded cord around his fist, tying it together with his teeth as Gaea mockingly ordered her army to allow him time to do so, likely wanting to make his death as painful for him as she could. Glaring at Gaea he brought all the power he could muster to the surface and strode towards the goddess of the earth. "Gaea!" he roared in fury "I challenge you! Just you and me, no Olympians, no demigods, no titans or giants or monsters. Just you, me, and this blade that I will drive into your withered dead heart.". "I accept," she sneered at him before waving her forces back "and I shall relish watching the life drain from your eyes like it did from that stupid little daughter of Athena.". Screaming in anger he charged the goddess who cackled madly and thrust her spear forward. Following his gut instinct he thrust and stopped the spear tip with his palm, causing all those watching to gape in shock at the feat. Continuing to follow his gut he roared the words that seemed to come to him "I am Perseus Jackson! I have best Ares in Single Combat! I have felt the power of Circe, wielded the Magic of the Golden Fleece! I have felt the power of Pan and held the weight of the Sky upon my shoulders! I navigated the labyrinth and stirred the mighty Typhon! I have seen the wonders of Ogygia and know the wonders of its magic! I have wielded my father's Trident and sat upon his throne as we fought the coward Kronos! I commanded the power of Zeus' Master bolt and embraced the Darkness of Hades Helm! I conquered Hyperion and Kronos by the blade! I bested Polybetes in combat and felt the touch of Thanatos! I wielded the Golden Eagle of the Twelfth Legion and commanded its power! I fought Phorcys and Keto in their own territory! I fought Otis and Ephialtes! I traversed Tartarus and befriended Damasen the Giant! I traversed the House of Night! I forced the goddess Akhyls to the brink of fading! I fought Tartarus alongside the love of my life, the primordial naming Annabeth and myself a bigger threat than even the Olympian Council! I have fought against the Gigantes and prevailed! I was witness to Pan's fading! I gave Iapetus a new life as my friend and Ally! I have bathed in the Styx and retain its power! I have waded through the Little Tiber! I am Leader of Camp Half-Blood and Praetor of New Rome! And now your death shall add to my name!". With a yell he shoved aside the spear and got close to Gaia before he lunged and tackled her, knocking the goddess of her feet as he summoned his power over storms and summoned a tornado around them, rising through the air on its power. "To storm or fire the world must fall!" he roared in Gaea's face as he stabbed Annabeth's knife into the chest of the goddess of earth, her armor crumbling beneath the blow as she was separated from her domain. With a final yell he called forth the lighting of his storms and felt pain as the blast coursed through his body and Annabeth's knife into Gaea's form as she thrashed and screamed before exploding into a maelstrom of gold dust and raw power. As his world went black he smiled, proud that he had at least managed to avenge his fallen love. -End Flashback- Sighing he ran his remaining hand through his hair and tried to push away the all too painful memory of Annabeth's death only to remember the 'reward' ceremony that was held on Olympus after the battle. The moment everyone had settled in Hephaestus had offered to build him a celestial bronze limb to replace the one he lost, along with every gadget and attachment the god could make before Zeus put his foot down and ordered Hephaestus to not to. As the shocked gods, demigods, and monster that was bound and brought to 'stand trial', turned towards the King of the gods Zeus loudly declared that his 'reward' for his service in the war was being allowed to live…but Zeus