Chapter One: Origins and First Act I'm sick of only ever getting vanilla lemons on this site. Artemis' hunters and the Monsters was good, but apparently the author is a pretentious prick. He wrote ten chapters of slightly above average monster lemons, then uploaded a chapter saying, "Hi, I'm an asshole, so I'm not writing this anymore so I can focus on my original work. Fanfiction is a massive wall standing in my way(because I'm fucking moronic). Was. Was, because I destroyed it." What a fucking asshole. Well, guess what, jackass? I'm writing an original novel too, but instead of masturbating, I'm writing this. I work on my novel when I'm not horny. Get off your fucking high horse and get real. Unless you were only giving it 10% when you wrote your smut, your books won't get published. It's a dog eat dog world, minor publishers only print 10 books a year, and most of the major publishers don't publish straight up eroticism. So my advice to you, though you will never read this, is to grab your left earlobe with your right hand, and pull your fucking head out of your fucking ass. You try to mix real plot with smut, you don't get published. I don't think my novel will ever get published, but imagine how cool it would be to let your children read a novel you wrote. Imagine it. Wouldn't that be wicked? So if it needs to be family friendly, that means no smut. Putting something on Fanfiction is so other people can enjoy it for free, and so they can give feedback. Not to stroke your ego or something. It was never a wall to be destroyed, just a window in the wall of writing. You can hand your work through it and get feedback before walking through the door beside it, manuscript in hand. Break the window, and you'll only hurt your hand. Please forgive any spelling or continuity errors. I am only giving it 10%(maybe 25%) because writing this stuff is... heheh... difficult with one hand. I'll still go back and proofread, but I normally have a beta double check everything after I've proofread it. But no way in hell I'm handing this shit to my usual beta (who's underage so it's not legal for them to read porn anyway) and just going, "lol, decided to write crazy intense fetish-y smut, tell me if it's any good." Annabeth x Nemean Lion & Percy x Empusa (human legs) Fetishes: Annabeth's Scene: Bruised lips (Chick's lips get bruised from gettin hit with... stuff) stomach inflation (chick's stomach get real big like she pregnant from gettin filled with...stuff) impregnation (she gets pregnant, don't mean we see the birth or anything tho) monster cock (she gets fucked by a real live monster, yo) bukkake (gets covered in... stuff) vaginal (duh) deepthroat (takes it deep in the throat) slight mind break (chick loses her inhibitions, if it were full on mind break , she'd pretty much go crazy and only want to be fucked forever and nothing else, craving dicks constantly, losing all other aspects of her personality.) rape (Oh, I can hear the angry reviews now. Yes, rape is morally reprehensible and should never be done. I personally believe rape should carry a capital punishment, i.e. death. Meaning anyone who rapes another person should be put to death. In fact, I assumed this was the case until I was in 7th grade(like 7 years ago for me), I didn't just decide now. But this is a story, so that's irrelevant. As some might say, that is that and this is this. And I'm not going to make it so offensive that it's horrifying, don't worry. It isn't about rape, just that no chick wants to be fucked by a monster. Don't worry, they all change their minds soon enough.) bestiality (different from monster cock , bestiality is any size penis that is attached to a non-humanoid. I.e. the Nemean Lion. A Laistygonian Giant, for example, would fall under monster cock but not bestiality .) Percy's scene: vanilla (no crazy shit. Guyxgirl, normal size penis, basically, none of the more freaky fetishes) virgin (chick's a virgin.) impregnation If none of those fetishes jive with you, just read the Olympus section for the main backstory, then check the other chapters. Remember, no kink shaming. Just because you think it's freaky and degrading doesn't mean it necessarily is. Disclaimer 1: I don't own PJO. Disclaimer 2: Do not read if you are less than 18, or the legal age to view pornographic materials in your area. You have been warned. Disclaimer 3: Neither the author nor this site condones any behaviors described within this story. Always secure consent before engaging in any sexual activity. Remember that a person who is drunk cannot give OR receive consent. It is the duty of the sober party to reject any proposition. Meaning, if a guy has sex with a drunk girl, even if she is the one who offered, it is defined as rape in most states within the USA. No animal can give consent. Please consult your local laws to learn more. Olympus It was a nondescript day about two years after the second Gigantomachy ended when Aphrodite decided she was bored. Much too bored. Far, far too bored to be satisfied with causing a few silly mortals to surprise their lovers by wanting a threesome. No, she would have to do something crazy to satisfy her boredom. She briefly considered having sex with Ares right in front of Hephaestus again, but Ares was such a jerk and she wasn't keen on him after she'd found out two years earlier her real husband was hung like a horse. And he wasn't all that ugly. They'd spent some real, quality time together. The age of new domains was over, so god on goddess sex didn't produce godly offspring anymore, but if it did, they'd have plenty of children. So if doing something herself was out, and so were normal mortals... would she make everyone at that camp participate in a massive orgy? Maybe before the double-great-prophecy huge war business that would have seemed crazy, but it seemed par for the course now. So what would be the craziest thing? Suddenly, it hit her. She would make every female with divine blood or influence secretly lust after monsters! It was perfect! She quickly worked out the details in her head. Every female would act normal, rejecting the monster cock until they brought one to orgasm the first time. However, they wouldn't use more strength than a human female or their powers to get away from the monsters, even goddesses. And what would be the fun if they were protected? No, no, they would definitely get pregnant. And after the first time they fucked a monster, they'd beg for it the next time they saw a monster. But what of the men? What would they think of their wives and sweethearts fucking monsters and getting pregnant with monster spawn? Would they get upset and leave them? Of course not! Because they'd be attracted to the beautiful female monsters! Ignoring the legs, both empusa and dracanae were quite attractive. If the males also impregnated monsters, how could they complain about their lovers being impregnated by monsters? They couldn't, that's how! She wondered what gifts she'd have to bribe Hecate with to get her to help limiting the powers of all these halfbloods and goddesses. Aphrodite could handle the lust, but she couldn't keep people from destroying the monsters before they even started. Hmm, she'd also have to increase the lust of monsters to the point they'd rather fuck a female than eat them, that might take a lot of power. Oh, well. Earth Annabeth was driving back from college to camp Halfblood on a lonely dirt road when she was stopped by a glint of gold and several thousand pounds of lion. She slammed on the break and started formulating a plan. "Shit, the Nemean Lion? If I don't have anything to keep it's jaws open, I'll have to stab the roof of its mouth as it's roaring. I can do this," she prepped as she stepped out of the car. She wasn't expecting to be immediately pinned to the ground with its huge paws. The look in the beasts eyes frightened Annabeth immensely. It didn't look like it wanted to eat her. No, she had seen this look before in nature documentaries. It was about to try to mate with her. It held her down with one paw as it used its claws on the other paw to expertly remove her shirt, then her bra, exposing her bountiful breasts and pink nipples, then her shorts, and finally her panties. She had recently shaved her pubic hair because she was planning on being with Percy tonight, but now a monster was going to use her first. She wanted to scream 'No!' but her mouth didn't seem to work. She'd only had sex with Percy a few times, she didn't want to be violated by a monster! Her eyes widened in fear when she saw the growing penis connected to the beast. It was huge! Twelve inches long and three inches wide! Its balls were three inches in diameter, much larger than human proportions. Aside from its abnormal size, it looked surprisingly human, though it glinted gold. Annabeth knew it didn't have a chance of fitting in her. The vaginal cavity was only three inches long normally, expanding to about eight inches when the female was aroused. It was painful for a woman to deal with a penis larger than her cavity, as it would repeatedly hit her cervix, which, far from being pleasant, was very painful. She had had her fair share of this, as Percy was eight and a half inches. But right now, she wasn't aroused! It would only go a quarter of the way in! Well, Annabeth didn't have to worry about that for the moment, as the cock skipped right over her pussy, rubbing up against it, then past her stomach, and her breasts, and finally resting on her chin. The Nemean Lion let out a low growl as the tiny female beneath him whimpered incessantly. He pushed his erect cock against her lips, but they did not open. Annabeth was determined not to give in to the monster, even as it repeatedly pushed up against her lips. Its cock was hard, but it didn't seem invulnerable like its hide. She guessed only its fur was invincible, so she took a gamble. She quickly opened her mouth and tried to bite the cock that immediately entered her oral cavity... And almost broke her teeth. Dammit! she thought as the cock began pushing its way into her mouth. I'm so sorry Percy, I wasn't strong enough. I'll have to bear this until it shows its face again and I can stab it. I'm not strong enough to choke it like Heracles. The Nemean Lion was unaware of her internal monologue as it happily pushed its cock deeper and deeper into the tiny mouth. It had loved doing this to the mortal girls back in ancient times, it was so pleasant. Their teeth only pleasured him, as he couldn't be harmed by them, being invincible and all. Tears started rolling down Annabeth's cheeks as the monster dick hit the back of her mouth and started forcing its way into her throat. She had anticipated this as a possibility, so she had taken a huge breath before her air was cut off. She had forgotten how enormous the cock was, and began crying at the pain as her throat expanded to take in the huge girth. The beast let out a low growl as he entered the smaller hole. He wished he could watch as his giant erection widened the tiny throat, but he settled for the pleasure it brought him. He continued