THE ROSES ARE FINALLY CUT A Hunger Games Fan-Fiction Novel CHAPTER 1 I WAS IN THE HOSPITAL, UNATTENDED. I went through the steps my sister had long ago. I am Primrose Everdeen. I am 17. No, 18. My birthday is today. My sister is Katniss Everdeen. Katniss doesn't know I'm alive. Nobody knows I'm alive. Nobody who does knows me. My home is District 13. I have a secret. A secret nobody knows. A secret nobody will ever know. My breath faltered as I thought of my dark, dark secret. Nobody can know. I thought just before I was sedated, again. The thin sheets of skin, some of mine, some from someone I'll never know, were bonding. Not a tighter bond than what he and I share, though. He's given up on you. He doesn't know you're alive. He thinks you're dead, just like everyone else does. I thought to myself angrily. Don't get caught up in the past. He's probably remarried. He doesn't know about her. He doesn't know about my little secret. He never will. Will she look like him, a painful reminder that he'll never be there? Will she look like me, like my mother, who she'll never know as Grandma. No, he doesn't know about Kaniss. Katniss Jr., my baby. Another kick, a strong one, a reminder to look to the future. Maybe I could go back, if not just to see him again. Would he be afraid, or excited to know? I have to tell him, maybe we'll redo it. No, just one glance from afar. I'm a maiden now, never to love again. I'm stupid, to think he'd want me, looking like this. Me, with not even skin to call my own. I lost everything that day. Everything but her. "You'll never leave, will you?" I asked Katniss. The doctors think I'm crazy, but I don't care. It gets lonely, all alone in an empty room. She'll have to one day, though. Find someone, just like I did, and leave. Take her flight. Will she hide it, like me, or tell me? Parenthood scares me, and I'm too young for it, but I can't give her away. Not when she's all I have left. I think of those who really died. Finnick, Cinna, Portia. Those names echo through my mind. Katniss even had three miscarriages. She was in the room next to me. If she saw me, with my bloated stomach, it would hurt her. My being alive would cause her to harm herself, she wouldn't believe I was real, but the Jr., she would be in agony. She thinks she's barren, but Peeta refuses the thought. "Maybe its me!" He tries to comfort her. "Try with Gale," he suggests. I can't help myself. "No!" I cried. She couldn't. Gale was mine. CHAPTER 2 I KNEW IT WAS WRONG, BUT I COULDN'T LET HER. Mine. He was mine. I hear Peeta tell Katniss to stay put, but he and I both know she won't. So the time we have before Katniss comes is valuable. I see his foot, so before he even is able to walk in the room, I start weaving a net of profanity and entangle him in it. I wasn't even sure I had those ropes to be honest. I actually think I made a few of them up. More morphling for me! Oh well. I did what I needed to. And then she walked in. Her eyes red and swollen from crying, and I thought, "now I've done it." Well, now Peeta and Katniss's eyes will match, too. Red and puffy. Not like I care. Katniss's eyes immediately drop to my expanding stomach line, and I can tell she's trying not to cry, throw up, and faint all at once. She manages not to faint. The room still reeks of salt water and leftover chicken. The last thing I see before I'm sedated, again, is Katniss running the waterworks. Wow, she's a mess. I wake up, and Peeta's still trying to calm Katniss down. They don't realize I'm awake until I ask, "Where are we?" I'm never awake long enough to ask, either from a morphling dose or fatigue. Katniss comes over to me, looks through my eyes, and slaps me. That's a new way to fall asleep. I still can't figure out the reason why she did that. It's not my fault she can't do it. I still can't regret the days when I had to go to the Hawthorne's because Gale was "sick." My cheek still stings, so I reach up to feel it, and it's bandaged. I rip off the bandage, and, surprise! I'm sedated again. Maybe Katniss isn't the only mess. That was a fun day! Only three sedations! And I found a new way to fall asleep. Today was productive. So was the night. I managed to get myself killed, again. This time, I was pulled from the reaping ball again, but this time, Katniss didn't volunteer. Or show up in the Justice Building. I really love it when my brain still thinks while I'm asleep. I had two chances to die, one, being barbequed by Cinna. Two, getting sliced by the careers in the training room. I finally died when Peeta jumped up on me, slapped me on the face, no surprise man and wife have the same habits, and threw an axe that imbedded itself into my skull. And I woke up screaming, wouldn't shut up, and was transferred back into the realm of nightmares, meaning given a strong morphling dose. I think I'm going to be even more trouble for my nurse then I already am. I would say than necessary, but I already do that. I've been thinking, I should try to get myself sedated an extra time each day, you know, shoot for a record. CHAPTER 3 OKAY, MAYBE GETTING SEDATED EXTRA WASN'T SUCH A GREAT IDEA. I'm starting to hallucinate. And I have the urge to paint flowers. When my nurse comes in, I try to remember if I did anything else that would have them sedate me. I can't think of any, so I ask where I am again. Guess what! Extra sleeping time. I dreamed of the Games again, but Gale volunteered for Peeta, and he cut me into pieces and fed me to a mutt when he found out about his daughter. Our daughter. I woke up, ask the same thing, and then got more sleeping time. Same dream, but Katniss killed me. Oh, the fun my brain has when I can't control it. This time, when the nurse comes in, I ask where she works. It worked she told me where she works, also known as the prison I'm trapped in. More down time for me. I wake up and she's still there, so I ask where the "Ash and Davis Maternal Hospital" is. I found out it's under District 12, and Ash Everdeen started it years ago. "Dad must have been pretty knowledgeable to know we'd both end up here," I say. Apparently, I was supposed to forget my meeting with Katniss. More brain-making-me-paranoid-about-everyone-I-know-time. I told my nurse that if she wants me to forget everything that happens, I'll only try harder to remember. I get more brain-in-control-freaking-me-out-time. The fun that nurse and I have together. I ask her how she gets home, and she says "out this door, take two lefts, one right, and out the main door up the elevator." More parnoiding-brain-control-time. Well, I'm getting out tonight. At midnight, I sneak out of my room, take a left, another left, a right, sneak out the door and into the air. Fresh, clean, aboveground air. I know Katniss and Peeta will have left the doors unlocked, so I go over there. I recognized everything I saw. I didn't expect Katniss and Peeta going at it on the couch, though. That was a laughable surprise. Well, they were too engrossed with each other to realize I had come in, so I just slunk by them and into my old bed. I woke up and smelled Peeta baking, I would think he would be tired from all the "baking" last night. Haha. About that, Haymitch was in on my state of not being dead, and visited me once telling me Peeta had just discovered how to bake. I didn't get this until now. Oh, wow. He's sly. I walk into the kitchen and sit down at the table. "What the hell is she doing here?" she said, looking at Peeta accusingly. "How would I know?" he asked her, tearing up at the memory of our last meeting. Wimp. "I'm just here in my house, sitting at my chair, at MY TABLE!" I screamed. "I also don't like my couch being used for an oven," I added coolly. Peeta blushed, but this made her angrier. "What do you mean your house, your chair, your table, YOUR COUCH?" she roared. "I was an original resident, you know," I replied. "It's as much mine as it is yours." I got her cornered. She couldn't counter that. "Before you were dead," she hissed. Well, then again, maybe she could. "Well I'm back now, so you have to deal with me." "NONONONONONONONONO!" Baby. "Bye then, going to Gale's!" I chirped merrily, not too unhappy with the arrangement. "He's not there!" she screamed. "So? Hazelle is." "I'll just call him," I thought as I stormed away. CHAPTER 4 HAZELLE WAS EXPECTING ME. Katniss must have called. Bitch . Even so, she was more than happy to take me in. Hazelle was the only one who knew. About Gale and me. When she saw me, she looked shocked, but quickly regained composure. She had made soup, and I willingly accepted some. Morphling was not the most substantial meal, to say the least. She even gave me a few secrets to hold on to. Apparently, both Rory and Vick were desperately in love with me, and when I "died", moved to other districts. Rory was in 7, he always loved being outside, enjoying nature, and Vick was in 10, being the animal lover he is. I had never realized how popular I was. In the Hawthorne's household at least. Now just Hazelle, Posy, Katniss and Peeta, My nurse, Katniss's prep team, and a few Capitol doctors live in 12. And now that I'm not dead, so do I! And I only hate Katniss, Peeta, the doctors, and my nurse! Less than half of them genuinely like me, too! That's a plus. Just then, Posy walked in, and didn't remember who I was. She's so much older, if I didn't know she was one of the only people living here, I wouldn't have recognized her. It still stung. Hormones suck. I just started bawling, and couldn't stop. Posy always looked up to me, and didn't know who I was? Hazelle explained who I was, and, being eight years younger than me, ran out screaming about a ghost. And the doctors told me I would be happy once I recovered. I hated them anyway, though. Hazelle must have caught that I wasn't welcome at the Mellark's, and told me to stay in the guest room. Posy didn't like having a haunted house, but she got over it after I made cookies. Hazelle told me I needed to call him, but I was scared. I put it off for weeks. She finally told me that I had to speak to him, that he was to depressed to remarry, and called him for me. "Gale, there's someone here who you need to speak with." "I can't now, mom. I'm busy," he replied. "You are going to speak to them or I will come to 2 and beat you," Hazelle threatened. "Here she is." "She?" "Yes, she!" She screamed, impatient, and thrust the phone toward me. "He's all yours," she mouthed. "Hello?" I heard a strained voice say. "Hi," I replied meekly. "Prim?" "Yeah." "Prim! How are you