the silence breathes my name this is what love is. Disclaimer: I do not own the characters, story, or have any ownership of the Hunger Games written for silvercistern. snippets of Peeta's life in between the books "The Hunger Games" and "Catching Fire" because when I think about what it was probably like all I want to do is wrap myself up in five million blankets, turn all the lights off, and blast Morrissey while I eat fifteen cupcakes (approximately). I brought up the vague idea of writing this to Essie and she forced it upon me in a loving way so here we are. Can we count this as a nice good ol' holiday gift from me to her (and anyone who reads it?) Sure. It's full of holiday cheer~ (I apparently have a thing for sad Peeta one shots oop)br / (no one is surprised) thanks to kismet4891 for listening to my random yelling about ideas or just our cock conversations - I'm sure you're going to come back from your in–laws with twenty asks and messages and emails from me. . . . so leave me in the cold wait until the snow covers me up so I cannot move so I'm just embedded in the frost then leave me in the rain wait until my clothes cling to my frame wipe away your tears stains thought you said you didn't feel pain landfill | daughter . . . He should've known, really. The word "love" always felt like an insult. This is what it comes down to though, what the word "love" does to him, with him, for him. He stands there in front of the crowd and cameras and smiles. He stands there and waves with one hand as he holds onto her other hand. She stands and holds onto his, and her hold is tight. And then she lets go, moves without him to her family. This is what the word "love" is to him; watching the girl he loves be welcomed home by her family, her sister and mother and cousins . Peeta Mellark keeps his smile and keeps waving as he finally makes it to his family. This is what love is. He limps and his eyes automatically go to his mother's because he's ready for her disapproval. She doesn't disappoint. Her face is a scowl that stares at his one pant leg, as if she could see the prosthetic, the area of him that's missing. He looks away. His brothers surround him, hug him, and it's stiff. They want to punch him in the arm like they used to but they watched him kill people. They watched his fight and he had strategy in the games and they're afraid of their little brother, because no, they don't really know what he's truly capable of, do they? His mother squeezes his shoulder and neither looks at the other. The cameras surely will be able to make it look heartwarming; they have a way of spinning anything into the right angle. Just watch the seventy–fourth games. Just ask Katniss Everdeen. His father takes him in his arms and holds him close to his chest for a long time. Peeta Mellark can't even bring his arms around the man to reciprocate. Around his father, his dad, his father. Everyone around him is talking at once but his family is quiet and that's what he hears, their silence. . . . . . . "It's large enough for all of us, and then some." His brothers are nervous and twitching. His father is silent. His mother doesn't look at him. But she's the one that talks. "It doesn't make sense, Peeta. We still have a bakery to run. At least one of us is always at work here, trying to get stuff done. The walk would add unnecessary time away from the work day. And during the winter? Why, the snow could stop us from opening. Stop being unreasonable." Katniss Everdeen and her family is moving in that day to their brand new home. Peeta Mellark will live right next door in a house to himself. "Do you need help packing up anything, son?" His father's voice is quiet and soft. As if Peeta Mellark is a wounded dying man. As if Peeta Mellark was wounded on live television for entertainment, lost his leg, and gained and lost the one girl that held his heart since he was five years old. Oh. Right. He can't even get himself to answer so he just shakes his head to say no. He packs up a couple of things: sketchbooks, pajamas and some clothes that feel worn in from the other Mellarks and himself –– a nice contrast to the stiff fancy clothes waiting him, something he always resented about being the youngest of three but suddenly the hand–me–downs are a personal, intimate object of a life he doesn't have anymore–– a couple of books he was able to get over the years, and he pauses in his room. He doesn't need the furniture. Any decorations aren't actually his but rather his brother's. His brothers who will each have their own room now that there aren't three Mellark boys living under the roof. When Peeta Mellark went off to the Games, they adjusted their lives around the empty seat at the table, the empty bed. They adapted. They filled his shift, and now there's more room, of course. He doesn't say goodbye when he leaves with his one box of possessions. . . . . . . The cameras are around for a while. The hand–holding and kissing and "you're the best thing that's ever happened to me, Peeta," are around for a while. The cameras leave. As they watch the train disappear he slips his hand from hers because it feels like it's stabbing him over and over again, making him write lines like teachers would do if you acted up, repeating, "it was all an act, it was all an act, it was all an act." She leaves after a bit, Katniss Everdeen retreating away from him and to where she truly belongs to: maybe to her family or to the woods or just somewhere that isn't by his side. He watches the area that the train sped off towards, where the cameras went away to, and the wind picks up and cuts through his sweaty back as the sun beats down. He wonders what is going to be worse, having Katniss and acting like he truly receives her love and smiling, or the empty spaces all around him that will make up all the hours of his days now. A customer whispers their concern to the baker. Your son is still out there, the lady says, looking at the train tracks. He's stood out there all day. Some kids earlier tried to get him to play a game with them like he used to. He didn't even move or look at them. Maybe you should –– His father doesn't know what he should do, what he can do. He's the first to admit his faults at parenting, but this is even harder. How can you help the shell of a son that experienced things that no one should ever have to experience, all for the entertainment of people? Peeta jumps when a hand lays on his shoulder. He realizes that he's shaking. Maybe from the cutting wind still forcing itself upon places he sweat or maybe the dropping sun in the sky. Or maybe he's shaking because his body has no other way to deal with anything. "Let's get you home," his father's words come through to him and he nods. Home now is a large house that he lives in alone, and his father navigates him past the bakery, past the second story area that he grew up in, that he called "Home" with a capital "H" and still loved despite the lack of love he was made apparent of every now and then. Home is fitting now, the lights are off and it's away from the rest of the town, the area that he used to live. The Everdeens live across the street and their house's lights are glowing, and he's sure he can hear Primrose's laughter from somewhere inside. The two men, father and son, look at the house in silence for a minute. Peeta wonders if his father is thinking about how Katniss' family moved in with her. Peeta wonders if his father really did want to move into his son's new home but was outvoted by the others. Peeta is already saying goodbye to his father in his mind but he doesn't say it aloud, can't, and he just turns around and walks into his house. He doesn't turn back to look at his father standing in front of the place with a look that resembles mourning. He doesn't turn on any lights but he's able to navigate through the rooms because the darkness is his friend, the stale air a usual companion. . . . . . . The best moments are the times when he wakes up and he feels whole. His arms stretch, his legs stretch, he feels every muscle. His eyes land on his prosthetic and he frowns. His one leg stretches. He moves his sheet to see the truth of how one leg is missing even though he swears he just felt it. The best moments are fleeting and don't last long enough, as if his body is hellbent on reminding him that he's not whole anymore. . . . . . . He'd be done with school for the day if he still had to go to school. He'd be walking home and hoping to catch a glimpse of a girl with a braid trailing behind her that he never uttered a word to as he tried not to show his distraction to his friends. He'd be doing some work with his brothers at the bakery and they'd be trying to cut out early and leave him with the dirty work. He'd be doing homework, he'd be helping with cleaning the dishes, he'd be going to bed and waking up for another day of school. He'd be amongst people that he used to consider friends but he isn't too sure anymore because they don't come to visit him ever. Whenever he runs across anyone he's Peeta Mellark the Victor and they either smile too broadly with awe or cower away from the blood they must still envision oh his hands (because he can see it too, it's still there, he's sure the Capitol went through a process as they chopped his leg off to tattoo the blood on his hands because it's still there, it's always there). He's not Peeta their peer anymore. He's on a completely different level now, a plateau with a vacant meadow where he can watch as everyone else lives on below but can't figure a damn way to do it himself. . . . . . . Come over for dinner, he pleads with them. For lunch, or I can bring breakfast. "You don't have to do that, we'll be baking already." I can help, he tells them. I'm still your son, I'm still the baker's son. I can bake. I can take shifts . His father's smile is uneasy. Peeta wonders if it's because of his mother's words that are coming out of his father's mouth or if it's just because his son is something that sets him off. An unwhole, changed creature ( I've killed and am no way no longer a boy, but I'm not a man, no, not a man ). "You're a Victor," his father lies (because how can someone that has the title of "Victor" feel so lost?). "You don't have to waste your time with the work of the bakery, and besides with your leg, you can't stand that long yet. You've