Harry Malfoy This story may start a bit violently and the first two chapters contain corporal punishment in form of spankings but the main focus of this story is on Harry finding a family and a place where he finally belongs. Before Harry can find peace and love, though, misunderstandings need to be resloved. Out Of The Frying Pan They were just boys and boys sometimes fight with each other. It would be better not to do it in public places and it is never a good idea to hit someone whose father is very influential. Harry would have known this if someone had bothered to teach him manners. The Dursleys certainly didn't bother. They didn't want to be concerned with the troubles their nephew caused in the magical world. So it happened that Harry ended up in front of Mr. Malfoy who suddenly had the right to discipline the obviously under bred boy. Flashback The people in Diagon Alley looked shocked. Had the boy-who-lived really hit the Malfoy heir in the open? They looked around waiting for Mr. Malfoy or the one, with whom Harry Potter lived, to appear and they didn't need to wait long. Mr. Malfoy pushed his way through the crowd to get to his son. He couldn't believe his eyes either. How dare Harry Potter make such a scene in a public place? Has nobody taught him how to behave in public? Finally he reached the two boys. He fixed Mr. Potter with an angry glare and then crouched down, to help his son up. Draco had tears in his eyes but he wasn't crying. He knew how to hold himself together in public. The pain was terrible though and he pressed his hands against his throbbing side of the face. Mr. Malfoy pulled out a handkerchief and transformed it into a cool-bag and gave it to his son. Then he turned back at Mr. Potter. "Where is your aunt or uncle?" Harry was pale and his eyes wide with shock. It hadn't been his intention to hit Draco but it had felt really good. That was, until he noticed all the eyes that stared at him horrified. " I'm on my own, Sir," Harry replied. Mr. Malfoy wasn't happy in the least. How irresponsible was that, to let a twelve year old boy roam around all by his own? "I have to tend to my son now but rest assured I will make sure that there are consequences of your behaviour today. Tell your relatives to expect my visit by tomorrow. They will learn about this one way or the other. Good day, Mr. Potter!" Harry felt an uncomfortable knot form in his stomach. Will Mr. Malfoy really visit him in Privet Drive No. 4? He was sure that his relatives wouldn't care what he had done but if Mr. Malfoy really would appear, then this will lead to a hiding. His relatives hated wizards to no end. Mr. Malfoy did make his visit the next day but it turned out differently than he had expected. Oxo "Turn around, Mr. Potter," Mr. Malfoy's voice called out and Harry turned away from the corner he was standing in. "Do you know why you are here?" "Erm… guess to get punished?" Harry mumbled. He was still in shock that the man had made good on his promise and come after him. Mr. Malfoy stared hard at the boy. "Speak properly! You are here to get a well-deserved punishment in hopes to correct your abominable behaviour towards your fellow men." At this, Harry frowned. Why did everyone believe it was entirely his fault? "Isn't my fault that Malf… erm… Draco is such a git," Harry replied stubbornly. Mr. Malfoy looked livid. "Do you really think insulting my son in front of me is working to your favour?" "No, I just want to say that Draco started it. I wouldn't have hit him, if he wouldn't have said all those awful things," Harry explained with a wildly pounding heart in his chest. "We are not discussing the wrongdoings of my son. Rest assured I addressed Draco's misconduct accordingly. Right now we are discussing your wrongdoing. Are you aware that hitting Draco was wrong?" Harry's frown deepened at that. He couldn't understand why Mr. Malfoy put up so much fuss. It was just one well-placed punch in the face. Dudley did much more with Harry and even without any reason behind his actions. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon never so much as scolded their son. "Mr. Potter, I asked you a question and I require an answer. Do you realize that it was wrong to hit Draco?" Defiantly, Harry crossed his arms, "No. Draco deserved what he got!" Mr. Malfoy sighed, "Then, Harry, I fear I have to correct the way you are thinking. Come here, please." Not understanding what was going on and completely unaware of what was going to happen next, the boy stepped closer to the man who sat himself down on an armless chair. Harry frowned confused. "I don't know how your relatives tend to punish you but I believe in spankings and you, young man, are going to receive one," Mr. Malfoy explained while he took hold of Harry's left wrist. It was good he did, because as soon as Harry heard the word 'spanking' he tried to step back again. "No. Lemmi go!" Harry started to panic all of a sudden and tried to get free, "You have no right to do that. You're not my father!" "I can and I will," Lucius pointed out and pulled the struggling boy between his legs to grab Harry's other hand. Giving Harry's arms a light shake he commanded the child to listen. As the boy stopped his struggling he went on, "Your relatives made it more than clear that they do not wish to be concerned with your ill mannered behaviour. Right now my solicitor is working to transfer your guardianship over to me. As a distant relative, it is my right to claim guardianship of you, if your current guardians are proven unfit to raise you properly." Harry paled as he learned this little piece of news. "You are going to be my guardian?" the boy asked shell shocked. It wasn't that he would be sad to leave his relatives for good but the Malfoys? He felt like he was getting out of the frying pan into the fire. "Indeed. We will discuss the details at a later date. Right now we will address your latest misdeed." With those words Mr. Malfoy pulled Harry over his knees. Harry gasped as cold air suddenly hit the skin of his buttocks and thighs. As he realized that his trousers were pooling around his ankles and that his bum was bare, he tried to stand up again. Mr. Malfoy had trapped Harry with his left arm, holding the boy in place with an iron grip. Before Harry could increase his struggling, the first smack was delivered on his upturned bottom. Harry stopped in his tracks and gasped at the burning sensation but then fought harder to get free. "No! Lemmi go!" Harry cried hysterically and struggled for dear life, "Lemmi go! You cannot do that!" "Harry, calm down," Mr. Malfoy' commanded loudly over the boy's screams and stopped the smacking. As the boy stopped his struggle he continued in a much calmer voice, "There is nothing you can do to prevent this punishment. If I have to pause right now you will go back into the corner and we will continue this discussion at a later point but rest assured you will get a spanking." Mr. Malfoy waited until Harry's breathing got under control again, then he asked, "Ready to continue?" Harry didn't answer immediately but he realised that there was no way out of this punishment and he had already been standing in that dreadful corner for an eternity, so he finally said in a very small voice, "o... okay." At that, Mr. Malfoy renewed his hold on Harry, which the boy hadn't realized had loosened before. Then one smack followed the next until Harry's bottom felt as if it was flaming and the boy started to hiss. "Why are you in this position?" Mr. Malfoy started his lecture. Breathing harshly Harry answered, "Because I hit Draco." "Correct. Why was it wrong to hit Draco?" This time no answer followed. "Harry, why was it wrong?" Mr. Malfoy repeated in a very stern voice. "Dunno," Harry shouted in frustration and a smack followed immediately. "Ow" "Try again." "Dudley never got punished when he and his friends hit me," Harry cried out. Although he knew perfectly well that hitting someone was not right, in this instance he found it extremely unfair how often Dudley had been able to hit him without following punishment and he, Harry, just once hit Draco and received the worst punishment ever. "Are you trying to tell me, you think hitting someone is an appropriate behaviour?" Mr. Malfoy asked shocked by the boy's words. Harry sighed. "No, but I don't understand what the big deal is." Lucius frowned, he couldn't believe his ears. "The big deal, as you put it, is that you can not run around punching everyone who dares to say something you do not like to hear. If your cousin never got punished for his behaviour, than your relatives are more than proven unfit to raise you or any child in that matter," he explained. "I don't punch everyone," Harry pointed out. "Oh, so it is just Draco then?" Lucius concluded "And that's okay because…?" Harry huffed, frustrated "It wasn't my intention but he got me angry and I…" As the boy's voice trailed off, Lucius continued for him, "… you lost control?" "Yes," Harry admitted meekly. "And if it would have been someone else, you would have been able to restrain your anger?" Lucius wondered. No reply followed and silence hung between the two for a while. "Harry?" "I don't know," Harry whispered defeated. Realizing that he was slowly getting through Lucius asked, "Do you want people to think that you can not control yourself?" "No," Harry said in the same whispering tone. "Do you believe people will think that you can't control yourself after your display at Diagon Alley?" Harry sighed and answered "They may." "Indeed," Lucius was pleased to hear but then he repeated his earlier question, "So was it okay to hit Draco?" "No. I'm sorry," Harry answered abjectly. "Hmm… I'm not convinced, Harry. First you said Draco earned this punch, now you tell me you are sorry?" Lucius reminded. Harry frowned. He wished the man would stop talking and get on with the punishment. This all was so unfair. Draco had been so nasty with his words. Harry was sure everybody in his place would have lost his temper with the git. Laying over Mr. Malfoy's lap however, made Harry rethink what he had done was indeed wrong. "Draco did earn this punch," he pointed out but then continued defeated, "but it wasn't right to punch him in public. I should have had more self-control and maybe I shouldn't have punched him at all. It's a sign of weakness. I don't want to look weak." Lucius was aware that this was the best he could get from the boy. "Good Harry. Maybe there is hope. Let us finish with this lecture." Harry gasped as Mr. Malfoy continued to smack Harry's already smarting behind and soon the boy started to sob as the pain got nearly unbearable. All Harry wanted now was the end of this punishment and so he tried everything he thought Mr. Malfoy wanted to hear. "I'm… ow… sorry, Mr. Malfoy. I will not… punch Draco again… ouch… I swear!" Harry wailed. "Don't give me your word, if you can't keep your promise. Rest assured as my ward you will land yourself over my knee more often. Let's hope it will not be too