Only You AN: My first canon one-shot. This is my first fic ever when it comes to canon story, so I hope it doesn't look very, well un-canon-y. Is that even a word? But you guys get what I am trying to say right? MOST IMPORTANTLY, this fic is totally inspired from my favorite Post-MJ story 'The Road to Recovery' by Jamie Sommers. No, literally. I was reading it and one particular sentence from chapter six lead to this one-shot. To all the people who might have a problem with me getting "inspiration" from RtR, please don't start throwing stones at me just yet because I have Jamie's permission to post this fic. Of course you are totally free to throw stones at me after you read it and not like it. A big thanks to Naverra for beta reading this fic for me and helping me improve my writing and just being her-amazing, supporting-self. Now, I am gonna shut up and let you guys read. Life starts to grow back in District 12. People start a new life on the rubles of the decrepit district. I start to find my way back to the world. I won't ever get past my sister's death, that is an unquestionable fact. This is a grief that knows no mercy. But when I see Peeta planting the Primrose bushes, I feel a flicker of some kind of hope inside of me; just like the Dandelion that fed my family. I eventually learn that I have no choice but to live, for Prim's sake. At first it seems impossible, the last thing I am capable of. Peeta is the only one who can help me with it. We grow back together. It doesn't happen overnight. It starts with him baking for me, me helping him through his flashbacks, him comforting me through my nightmares, merely being in each others presence brings a comfort that only intimate familiarity and knowledge we'd die for the other can bring. Almost every night I wake up screaming and his arms are there to comfort me. But that's it. He never kisses me and I realize how much I want him to, how much I need him to. Of course I don't admit it out loud. I don't know what else I want but I surely want this. It frustrates me every time to think about it. Doesn't he want me anymore? Did he stop loving me? It wouldn't surprise me, the capital programmed him to despise me. Then why is he here? Just to be my friend? That alone is remarkable, I keep telling myself. And it is selfish to want his love when I have no idea if I can return it, and all I am certain I want is the physical comfort it would bring. But even through all the problems, we live our lives; Me, Peeta and Haymitch. I hunt, Peeta bakes and Haymitch drinks and raises geese. This is our life now. Like every other day, I wake up only to find Peeta gone but today something is different. I can smell the fresh bread that's being baked in my kitchen. Peeta always bakes at his house. I walk downstairs to find him working intently at the kitchen counter. His blonde locks are mussed from sleep. The sleeves of his dark blue sweater are pushed up to his elbows, his apron is dusted with flour and he is busy kneading the batch of dough that's in front of him; his biceps bunching with each stroke of his hands. "Good morning Katniss" he says without even looking up; this as always, frustrates me. I am always stealthy but he can always tell when I am around, these days. It's as though he feels my presence wherever I am, part of his new wiring, prepared to attack. "Why are you baking here?" I say a bit icily. I always snap at Peeta these days. It's like I can't control it, everything he does irks me. "Well, it's more convenient." That's all he says. I nod and head back upstairs. I walk into the bathroom and see all of his toiletries placed next to mine. I finger his toothbrush idly. So intimate that he sleeps by my side, that we brush our teeth together, that he seems to live with me here now, but yet he seems incapable of loving me anymore. It's warming to know he's settled but it leaves a lingering sadness I can't shake. I open my closet after I shower only to be disappointed. I was hoping to find his clothes in it but they weren't there. Dwelling on this was only hurting me, I need to get out of this house. I put on my hunting clothes and go downstairs to pick up my hunting gear. I hear Peeta's "Be safe" as I close the door behind me. He says it everyday, and I hate to hear the tightness in his voice. It's as if we were splitting up in the arena. And the wire and the trackers and Joanna is on top of me and... Today I want to go to the lake; I need that peace. At the lake I am just more frustrated as I remember the time I brought Peeta here…. It was a couple of weeks after he started staying with me at night. Peeta wanted to see the lake and I reluctantly agreed to take him with me. But in the back of my mind I knew I was glad that I could show him this part of my life. We got here early enough to see the sun rising quietly from behind the trees. It was odd, when I saw Peeta in this place. He seemed like a part of it and I wasn't expecting that. When he came out of the water and the sunlight was bouncing off of his wet form, I saw the glimpse of the boy that he was before he was hijacked. I think he saw that too. I saw a fire ignite in his cobalt eyes as he walked over to me and engulfed me in his strong arms. It felt different than it felt every night; those hugs were just for comfort but this one wasn't. His forehead rested on mine, his breathing was thick, the hunger I had only ever felt for him was stirring. It was at that time that I realized how much I wanted him to kiss me because that's what I thought he was going to do and because I was hurt when he didn't. I know it is selfish of me to expect anything from him after everything I have done, especially when even I don't know what I want from him. I can't even think about what I am going to do the next day, let alone the rest of my life. I know that I love Peeta but what about the future? I can't get myself to face that. I don't want to stay at the lake a second longer so I start to walk back to the village. I get back before lunch- with a rabbit and some fish for dinner- only to find the house empty. I walk over to his house and knock on his door. He answers it after a couple of minutes covered in paint; shades of orange and blue and green. "Katniss? Come on in" he says. "What are you doing here?" he closes the door behind him. "I thought you would be at my house" I say. "Ahhh…Katniss I was painting, I'll just clean up and come with you" he says and walks towards the kitchen sink to wash off the paint. "When you didn't come back for breakfast I thought you were at the lake and that you would be back late." "I didn't go to the lake" I lie. Why should I let him know? He knows me too well as it is. "Anyway, you don't have to come to my house. I am going to Haymitch's anyway" I say coolly, walking out of his house. I walk into Haymitch's house and am greeted by the stench of alcohol. I am thinking of turning around and going back when Haymitch walks out of the kitchen. "Well hello there, to what do I own this pleasure?" He says. "Nothing" I say grumpily as he gives me a once-over. "Oh. What sweet thing did the poor boy do for you this time, sweetheart?" he says as he sits on the couch and places his feet on the table. He knows I come here every time Peeta does something nice or not so nice. The last time I came here and also got a little drunk was when I saw Peeta talk to Delly and hug her goodbye. I never tell Haymitch the reasons behind my visits but he seems to know anyway. "None of your business" I snap but I sit down next to him regardless. "Hmmm… You know sweetheart, when I first bought the geese, I was planning on eating them; like nicely pan fried or maybe roasted." I raise my brows at him. "My point is, that I wanted to kill them but when I saw those small little bastards running around my back yard I couldn't get myself to eat them. So I started raising them, feeding them but I always left their food on the ground. Now, one day I saw Sae's granddaughter feeding them from her hand and that irritated me. I fed them every day and they wouldn't even come close to me. So I started sitting on the back porch while they ate, still nothing. Then I realized that if I wanted them to eat from my hand I would have to go to them and I did. And guess what? They ate all the corn from my hand right away" he says. "So you think that if I want something from Peeta then I should be the one to do something about it?" I ask. "Oh I just told you a story that was in my mind, whoever told you to come to those conclusions sweetheart?" he says with a bloody smirk on his face. I scowl, knowing he was enjoying every second. But I stayed for a while, begrudgingly enjoying his company and scolding him softly for the state of his house. He got me to feed the geese while he showered and dressed in clean clothes, and I did a bowl of washing up for good measure. When I eventually get back home, I see Peeta cooking. He raises his eyebrows at me and at first I don't understand why but when I get close and see the pan fried fish, I realize he must have caught my lie about not going to the lake. I don't bother to reply and he doesn't ask further questions. He knows me well enough to know it'll be something stupid like my pride. We eat in silence and Peeta leaves promising to come back in the evening to make rabbit stew for dinner. I'm left leafing through my father's book, tracing his loopy, cursive writing with my fingers, wondering if he had found Prim, wherever they are. I tend to the primroses, probably over watering them out of lack of knowledge and over eagerness for them to grow, and cut a few strands to place in a vase on the table. Peeta comes back around dusk and starts making the stew and bread; though I don't understand why. He usually makes bread in the morning. I stay out of his way, rinsing sap and dirt out from under my nails. When I get back inside I see him place a hot tray of freshly baked cheese buns on the counter. I can't help but smile. "You made cheese buns?" I ask as I walk towards him. "Yes, well you didn't really seem in the best of