A/N: I had the idea for this but my friends are the only reason I actually got around to writing it. It's also my first update/published work in almost a year! Update: One of the character's names has changed as per the request of my sister! "Unbelievable," Goldie whispered as she pushed a handful of curls out of her face to study the map. "Did you get us lost?" "Me?" Catlin, the oldest of the lot, gasped in defense, " You're the one leading us." "Yeah, with a map you made," she shot back. "Shut up, both of you!" Evelyn, the redhead, spoke up, annoyed, "We're gonna get caught." "I can't get caught," said Goldie, not the least bit of panic in her voice. "I have too much stuff to do. I have to take photos at the Quidditch game this weekend." "Yeah and she," Evelyn jerked her thumb back at the second girl, "is a potential prefect. This will go on her record – if they keep records in this place." "Wait," said Catlin, "I think I hear someone coming – hide!" All three took off separately, heading for the shadows of the castle, finding refuge under bushes or against the corners of stone pillars. Waiting with bated breath, they listened closely. They could hear soft murmuring and footsteps, but couldn't see anything yet. Peeking out from their hiding spots, they squinted into the courtyard lit up by the half moon overhead. The footsteps and the conversation were getting louder, but they still couldn't see anyone. Perhaps whoever it was, was above them – walking along the open air corridors the three girls had just used. Finally the footsteps stopped, but the talking didn't. They could make out what was being said as the voice carried on the still night. "Be careful, James – you're stepping on my Pad feet ." "Oh, shut up, Sirius," came the reply. "I am not. It's Peter." "I'm not! Ow – you've just elbowed me in the eye!" "There's not enough room under here. James, you should really do something about this." "Do what? I'm not a seamstress. Besides, what's it matter? We're out anyways." All three girls watched in amazement as suddenly – out of thin air – a group of boys appeared. The one in the middle folded what looked like a blanket over his arm and adjusted his glasses. "Right," he said, "now that we've got that all sorted … where's Remus?" "Old Moony is probably waiting for us," said the boy with shoulder-length black hair. "It's not a full moon yet so he won't be in the Shrieking Shack." "This is what happens when we sneak out separately," the glasses-wearing boy sighed. Catlin, the potential prefect who felt she was going to pass out from holding her breath, sat up a little straighter against the castle wall. The Shrieking Shack? That's exactly where her group was going. She glanced around to find her friends; even though she couldn't see them, she knew they were thinking the same thing. What were these boys doing, going out to the Shrieking Shack? Or, rather, not going there? It sounded like they made a habit of it, but only around the full moon. Were the ghosts extra active around then? Silently, they watched as the three boys headed off into the distance to look for their missing friend. The girls slowly came out of hiding, meeting together in the shadow of the ancient castle. "Evelyn," whispered Catlin, "who do you think they were?" "Other students," she replied. "Oh, jeez, thanks. Where do you think they're going?" "It sounded like they were looking for someone," said Goldie, finally fishing a bobby pin out of her pocket and pinning her curls back. "Their friend, maybe?" "Did you hear what they said?" Catlin kept her voice low but she felt excitement bubble up inside. "Yeah," nodded Evelyn. "They said something about the Shrieking Shack." "Are they going to be there too, then?" Goldie asked. "No," said Catlin. "They said whoever they were looking for wouldn't be there." "So where are they going?" Goldie watched the boys disappear into the dark forest. "I don't know," Catlin sighed, "but I think we should get going. If we wait around here, we're gonna get caught." "We've already gotten outside," Goldie replied, grinning. "We'll be fine." She held up the carefully drawn, but incomplete, map in front of her face, stepping out into the light to see it better. "Can't we just use Lumos?" Evelyn held up her wand. "Once we're farther away," Goldie said, tracing a line along the map with her index finger. "Are we here? Do we pass the West Tower? Wait … which tower is this?" "There are so many towers," Evelyn grumbled. "You just need four, if that." "I'll enchant it so it lights up itself," Catlin said. "Then we won't need to use our wands. We don't need to go all the way to the West Tower, but we can use it as a reference point." "You should enchant it so it shows where we are," Evelyn suggested, looking over at the map, pointing. "Are we there? Isn't that this corridor here?" "No," Goldie said, already knowing Evelyn was horrid with directions and maps. "Look around and see if you can find a landmark -" "Here, we're here," Catlin interrupted, poking her finger to a spot on the map. "That tree," she indicated to a smudge on the paper, "is there." Pointing to a large tree ahead of them, she said, "I know where we are. I made the map. I've triple checked it. Besides I remember that tree because it looks like it's waving and I thought it was friendly – so I put it on the map." All three looked over at the tree and indeed, it had a twisting branch that curved upwards and spreading twigs that looked like nimble fingers. They trembled in the autumn breeze, giving off the impression of hand gently waving salutations at the group. "Everything looks different at night," Evelyn noted, "but at least you have your tree. He does look friendly. Have you given him a name?" "Not yet. I couldn't think of a tree pun." " Ash ley. Elm er. Mister Birch." "Okay," Goldie said, "then that means we need to go that way to get to the Shrieking Shack." "Let's go then," Evelyn said eagerly. "We're wasting time and I'm out of tree puns." They headed off in what they assumed to be the correct direction, keeping close together and casting hurried glances to keep watch. Once they were into the trees and the moonlight was obscured by the overhead branches, they each took out their wands. "Lumos," they said in unison and soon they were surrounded in blue-white light that pushed shadows into hiding under the long branches of pine trees. Huddled over the map, they figured out which way to go. "I think we head in that direction," Catlin said. "This is harder than I thought." "Did you bring anything to amend the map?" Goldie asked. Catlin rummaged through her pocket and pulled out a jar of black ink and a quill. "I guess this will do. I brought pencils over the summer but someone snatched them. Back to using quills." "I don't hear anything, do you?" Evelyn lifted her wand higher, away from the group. "Isn't there supposed to be, you know, shrieking?" Goldie folded the map. "Maybe the ghosts are sleeping," she teased. "I guess we'll find out once we get there." The girls marched through the trees and down sloping hills. Their wands lit the way, blue lights bobbing around in the dark. "I don't think I've been this far from the castle," Evelyn admitted. "I mean, aside from field trips to Hogsmeade." "Are you sure there's an entrance to the Shrieking Shack here?" Goldie waved her arm around, shining light all around. "Not that I don't trust you, but it's all … field! And trees." "Yes, I'm pretty sure," Catlin said. "I overheard Dumbledore mention it to Madam Pomfrey. I'm pretty certain it's by a tree ..." "Did they happen to mention what kind of tree?" Goldie looked around. It was beginning to seem a bit hopeless. They only had so much time before they had to sneak back inside and get to bed. "No – but … It'd have to be big enough to hide it, right?" "We're surrounded by pine trees," Goldie observed, pointing with her wand and sending light upwards. "All of them are big enough to hide anything." "What's an entrance to the Shrieking Shack doing on Hogwarts property anyway?" Evelyn used her wand's light to inspect a tree that had lost most of its lower branches. "I mean, the Shack is all the way in Hogsmeade, isn't it? What's it got to do with Hogwarts?" "I don't know," Goldie murmured as she checked out another tree, circling around it to check for a secret door. "But there are ghosts in the castle, so maybe there were some really bad ghosts that were haunting the school so they forced them to move? You know, for students' safety?" "According to the villagers, the ghosts are really violent." Catlin shuddered involuntarily, but she couldn't tell if it was from the idea of vengeful ghosts or the breeze running through the trees. "People say they can hear them screaming and tearing apart the inside of the Shack." Evelyn frowned as she bent over to pull pine needles out of her shoes. "Can ghosts do that? Tear things up, I mean? I guess if they're corporeal – but they're not, you know, living . All the ghosts at Hogwarts just float around and go through walls. I've never seen them actually interact with anything. Hmm … maybe that's why they moved them to the Shrieking Shack. Not just because they're violent, but because they could actually hurt someone. Ooh, that's scary!" "Well," Goldie huffed, crossing her arms, "they've certainly done a fantastic job of hiding this supposed entrance. There are hundreds of trees on this property, and we can't check them all tonight. And there's no way we can mark the ones we've already checked! This is going to take ages." "That – wait! Did you hear that?" Evelyn turned around, holding out her wand. "I – I heard something. Do you think a teacher found us?" "No way," Goldie stammered, turning to face where Evelyn was looking. "We were so careful! Maybe it's a squirrel." "It sounded bigger than a squirrel," Evelyn whispered. "Like, teacher-sized or something." A noise to the right grabbed their attention and they spun towards it, three wands raised in defense. Light poured over the creature that had made the noise – a huge stag, standing just a few meters away, staring at them. Pine needles and leaves crunched under its hooves as it took a step forward, its huge black eyes shining eerily in the light. Gasping in surprise, they hurriedly shuffled backwards, wide-eyed. "That's the biggest deer I've ever seen," Goldie said. "It's going to stomp us to death," Catlin concluded. "Or stab us with its antlers. That's not how I want to die. I mean – I haven't given it much thought, but I just decided that's not the way I wanna go." "You're the one who wants to be a magizoologist," Goldie said, nudging Evelyn in the side. "Can't you … speak to it or something?" "Deers aren't magical creatures. Besides – I'm not a deer whisperer!" "Can't you do something ? It's – it's looking at us. You're always reading that Wonderful Beasts book, aren't you?" Goldie gripped her wand tighter. "What do we do? Stun it?" "It's Fantastic Beasts, and you can't use a spell on an animal," Evelyn said quickly. "Maybe if we turn off our lights it'll go away …" Slowly, hesitantly, she lowered her wand. "Nox." A third of the light disappeared. "Nox,"