Disclaimer: I do not own stephanie Meyers or Twilight nor any of her characters. I do however own this story, the plot, the mistakes, and Riley Jean are all my creations. I had known the cullens 12 years now, since I was one Esme had watched me for my adoptive parents. I was extremely close to her as well as all the cullens. Even Rose had a soft spot for me, not that she would admit it. I stood at 5'4 and weighed in at 115. My hair was a short pixi cut always spiked to perfection, sometimes if I was feeling playful I'd fohawk it much to Esme's annoyance. I loved irritating her though, she was like a mother to me, I even called her mom sometimes. I had carmel colored hair with hazel eyes, some would say I looked like the spiting image of Esme, if only they knew the secret to that truth. Only Carlisle, I and my adoptive parents knew the truth. Why he didn't let me tell her, I had no idea. I longed to be able to tell her that we were mother and daughter. To tell her everytime I called her mom it was true. I suppose Carlisle didn't have the heart to tell her what he had done. Even if it was noble. Before He had changed Esme, He removed her eggs in hopes of being able to give her a child when she had her control. He had them frozen in the hospital, everytime they moved he would move them to that hospital. Fourteen years ago one of them was placed in a surrogate on mistake. Who my father was I had no idea, but it didn't really matter I knew who my mother was, I just wished she knew. *Flashback* Carlisle hadn't figured it out until earlier this month when I started doing work around the ranch for them, I was around him alot more in the stables helping with the horses and such. He turned to me one day and said "God you look just Like... nevermind." I looked at him funny, "Sir? I look just like who... Esme?" I asked quietly, I'll never forget the look on his face. "Yes... actually you do." I laughed quietly her laugh and shrugged "Suppose I get that Alot. I'm just baffled as to why people would say it. She's so gorgeous." He paused looking at me, biting his lip "kiddo, would you mind if I ran some blood to test if your levels are normal and all, You haven't had an exam in a while." I knew he was up to something, I just didn't know what. "Erm... Sure " I said with a smile "After all you are my doctor." I laughed softly as I went back to work. A few weeks later, I showed up at the house and snuck up behind Esme with a snowball a smirk on my face. Just as I was about to gently smash it into her shirt, she spun grabbing me around the waist. I went wide eyed as she lifted me up in the air. "Ahhh NO!" I laughed squirming "Awe Esme don't!" I said laughing again as she tickled me. She smirked "Oh But I must." She laughed and tossed me lightly into the snow with a gentle laugh she watched me for a moment. I groaned as I looked up at her a pout on my face. Esme smiled and walked over to me helping me up, she hugged me. Rubbing my back slightly and ruffling my hair affectionately "Forget I'm a vampire sweetheart?" She asked in an amused voice. "your face is going to stick like that" she added. I stuck my tongue out "I'll get you yet." I added with a grin, She just laughed and shook her head as I took off up the porch steps to say Hi to everyone. She swatted at my butt playfully but missed as I knew it was coming. I laughed and turned arching my brow. "Oh no you don't... I've heard Edward, Emmett and Alice talk." She raised an eyebrow with an amused smile. "Oh really now, Sweetheart Care to enlighten me?" "no way am I letting your deadly right hand or hairbrush around that region." She laughed as she walked up the stairs "Yes, well my kids have reason to fear it. But Carlisle spanks more than I do." She added with a wink "Threats work wonders you should remember from when you were younger ." I blushed my face red from my nose to ears. "That was just one time you had to, and I thought I was going to die." She let out a heartfelt laugh "Oh Riles always with the over exaggerating." She teased. "If I remember rightly, You ran out of the store without waiting for me and almost got hit by a car." I kicked at the snow. "I know, and I didn't mean to scare you." She smiled as she ruffled my hair yet again. "kiddo that was in the past, and it was only six swats , your lucky it wasn't on the bare." She added with that signature Mother look only Esme Cullen could deliver. I went wide eyed and swallowed "You wouldn't." She looked at me "Riley You're like a daughter to me, even though you live with sandy and Tom.I know you view Carlisle and I as your parents even though you don't live with us. I don't know why that is. But you're Already like a cullen" She paused leaning against the railing "If you disobeyed me or got yourself hurt, cursed like a sailor or hurt someone. Or did something stupid to grant it. Damn Right I would." She said softly "But just stay out of trouble and I won't have to." she said as she kissed my forehead and headed up the stairs. I stood there dumbfounded as she told me she thought of me as a daughter, I was so honored. Carlisle's soft voice gained my attention as I turned to look at him."Kiddo we need to talk." he said softly taking my hand as we walked into the woods. " Whats the matter Carlisle?" He took a deep breath "Sweetie, Your mom is Esme..." He whispered gently, I went wide eyed "Thats not possible Carlisle... She's 97 years older than her age." He sighed softly and went over the whole story. I looked at him amazed. "What... It worked? Even after all those years her eggs were still good?" He smiled "I guess I was alittle obsessive about making sure they would work." "Who is my father?" I asked watching him. "I don't know at this time but I will let you know if I find out..." I smiled as we walked back towards the house "I can't wait to tell Esme! "I grinned "ESME!" I called urgently. Carlisle went wide eyed "Riley No! don't." He said softly grabbing my arm. I looked at him confused. "Kiddo she can't handle it right now, we will tell her just not now okay? I promise soon... but we need to work out the loose ends." Esme bolted down the stairs and had me in her arms in less than three seconds, she was spinning me and looking me over inspecting me with a mothers eye. "Whats the matter sweetheart you okay?" I looked at her biting my lip "I erm... Just remembered I needed your help picking a song for the choir auditions." She looked at me the look of worry soon washed off her face and she smiled "Don't scare me like that Sweetheart and sure I'll help you... But I didn't know you were interested in choir." I bit my lip and shrugged "I guess I am," She smiled at me "you know I'm the choir teacher right?" I nodded "Yes unfortunately... " I teased, she narrowed her eyes at me playfully. "Well, Can you sing?" I looked at her and smiled "You can sing, you sound like an angel." she laughed quietly "Thank you sweetie, but the question was can you?" "Yes I can.." I said Reluctantly. "Well you will have to let me hear you sometime, Come on I'll help you pick out a song and help you go over it." She said excitedly. I groaned "Dear lord what have I got into myself." I mumbled as she walked into the house, Carlisle gave me a sympathetic smile "hey it could be worse." "I heard that Young lady!" Esme said with a soft laugh. I laughed and walked in "I love you Esme." She smiled getting out her music. "I love you too Sweetheart." she said "Alto or soprano?" "Both..." She thought 'mmm alright lets see..." End of Flashback. I was brought back to reality as snow tickled my nose, I shook my head and bent back down , my head phones on as I listened to if these walls could talk. I tied my shoe and went back to shoveling the front walkway, of the cullen ranch. My beanie, coat and gloves laid on the railing where I had left them after Esme left for the store. "cuz if these walls see everything, why the fuck don't they help?'"I sang along to the rap song. snow went down the back of my shirt. "FUCK!" I groaned out. "Why the fuck does it have to be so god damn cold." I mumbled, Not aware that I was no longer alone. As I bent to push the snow shovel in again,a firm hand landed across the seat of my pants. It wasn't a love tap either. I let out a yelp at the hard smack. As I felt an arm wrap around my waist tightly, My ipod was yanked out of my pants and the ear buds from my ears. I went white as I saw the ring on the left ring finger. I knew that perfume from anywhere. "Esme, I... I...I... I'm sorry." I said with a groan as she spun me to face her. The look on her face made me cringe. She wasn't pleased."Riley! You know how I feel about you listening to that kind of music, let alone blasting it in your ears" I looked at my feet as I kicked at the snow."You also Know how I feel about that Language.. I don't let the other kids get away with it even if they are older than they seem." " "Just because you don't live with me doesn't mean you don't have to follow the same rules." I groaned as she scolded me, My ears turned red "i'm sorry." She shook her head "No not this time, " My face paled even more as I heard those words. "I'm sorry" I mumbled looking up at her with pleading eyes. "You know what I said would happen if you cussed again." "I can deal with the occasional slip of the tongue Riles, but you've been walking around the last month talking like a sailor and dropping alot of F bombs" She said with a shake of her head " Not to mention You took Gods name in Vein yet again." She grabbed my arm gently but firmly, and tossed the snow shovel up on the porch. I was freezing by now, she let out a sigh "Riles, I told you to keep your coat, beanie and gloves on." She shook her head as she pushed me gently into the house. She set the bags of groceries on the table, and walked over to the fireplace starting a fire. She pointed at the couch "Sit." She said firmly and dialed a number on her phone. "Sandy, Hey It's Esme." I groaned as I heard her talking to my adoptive mother. "No, She is fine. I'm calling because she's gotten herself into trouble..." "Oh really? well you would think after a sound spanking she wouldn't want to cuss again for awhile."