The Stalker This is based off a snippet of a story I heard on the radio, about a guy falling in love with a girl who works at a store. I know Katniss working at a sports good store has been done before, but I got a lot of Everlark feels when I heard the story. (FYI, Scheel's is a sporting goods/outdoors kind of store. Think LLBean, and add team sports as well). Lots of clichéd Christmas fluff for ya'll. Happy Holidays everyone! Peeta walked into the giant Scheel's store quickly in order to escape the bitter winter winds outside. He shoved his hands deep into his coat pocket and jogged the rest of the way in. He was here to buy a Christmas gift for his older brother Josh, who had suddenly decided that camping and living in the Great Outdoors was his calling, despite being a complete novice. But the appearance of a new girlfriend, who dragged Josh from one National Forest to another, and suddenly he wanted nothing but camping equipment to fund his new-found dedication to all things that Wool or Sweater or whatever her name loved. Once inside, Peeta tried to figure out where to go. The place was huge, and everywhere he looked, he saw equipment he didn't even know the names of and dead stuffed animals, staring at him with glassy eyes and a look of nonchalance. Not that Peeta minded the idea of dead animals – he enjoyed his meat and potatoes diet like every other warm-blooded Midwesterner – but he preferred not to see their faces pointed directly at him. He sighed in relief when he saw a counter off to one side, with a large sign above that read "Help Desk." There was no one there as he walked over, but he rang the bell and rocked on his heels, wanting to get this shopping trip, any shopping trip really, over as quickly as possible. A tall girl with a spiky pixie cut came out from the back. He was pretty sure that she saw him, but rather than approach the desk with a friendly hello, she seemed to purposely keep her back to him as she rifled through some papers on the back counter. After almost 30 seconds of this, Peeta cleared his throat. The girl waved her hand towards him, but didn't turn around. "Be right with you!" she says over her shoulder towards him, in a voice that was somehow surly and seemingly professional at the same time. Another minute goes by, and at this point, Peeta is about ready to walk out the door and hand Josh an envelope of cash. But then the girl turns around and stares Peeta in the eye. "Hey Brainless," she shouts. "Got a customer." She winks at Peeta as she walks by. "Sorry, not my department. Happy Holidays!" And Peeta swears that she looks him up and down once before sauntering off across the store. When Peeta turns back around to face the counter, he is met by a pair of silver gray eyes staring back at him. His breath stalls in his lungs and he immediately thinks to himself, I'm a goner. This girl, whom the other called Brainless, had rich chocolate brown hair pulled back in a long braid, dangling over her right shoulder. Her skin was a smooth olive, with just a speckle of light brown freckles across her nose and cheeks. She was petite and thin, but definitely not frail, and she stood with her back completely straight and rigid. He noticed a blush growing across her cheeks and her mouth moving, which made her even more beautiful, which made him want to reach out and stroke her face, but he was so dumbfounded that he didn't catch what she was saying. "I'm sorry, what?" he shook his head in attempt to clear away the fog he just entered. "Can. I. Help. You," the girl repeated slowly, her eyebrows raised. "Yes, sorry, I, um. Yeah, I need some help," Peeta stumbled. Pull it together, man, he told himself. "I think we've established that," she said, tilting her head to one side and still looking at him like he was a moron. "Yes, sorry, um, I need to buy a gift. For my brother." She looked down and started flipping through a thick catalog on the counter. "OK, so what do you want to buy?" Think, Peeta, think, he told himself. "Um, camping stuff, I guess. Sorry, I don't really know what I want to get him." "You don't have to keep apologizing, you know," she said, looking up at him through her thick black lashes. God, those eyes are going to be the death of me, Peeta thought. He sheepishly rubbed the back of his neck. "Yeah, yeah, I know. It's, uh, a bad habit, I'm sure." The girl smiled, and went back to looking at the catalog, flipping to the camping section. Peeta took the opportunity to glance down at her nametag. It read "Katniss" in large black letters, and she had a large sticker of a kitten playing with a ball of yarn placed on the top corner. It was an opener, at least. "So, Katniss, do you like cats?" "Excuse me?" she glared up at him with a scowl on her face. Peeta pointed to her nametag and she snorted. "Oh, that. Gale likes to call me Catnip, and he thought this would be funny. Sick sense of humor, I suppose." He? Shit, Peeta thought, boyfriend. "Oh, so Gale is your…" "Hunting partner. And best friend, until he put this on my nametag this morning. I haven't been able to peel it off yet." Potentially no boyfriend, Peeta plotted. "So Katniss, that's an usual name." She rolled her eyes. "Yes, it is," she sighed. "I get that a lot. It's a plant. My parents were into that sort of thing." "Could be worse," Peeta smiled. "At least you're not named after a piece of bread." She turned her head curiously toward him, and Peeta unzipped his fleece jacket to reveal his Mellark's Bakery polo, complete with "Peeta" embroidered neatly on his chest. Katniss chuckled, and Peeta immediately decided that he wanted to hear more of that laugh. "A baker, huh?" "Yeah, it's the family business. Really mine, at this point, since my father is basically retired. But yes, I was named for the business, I suppose." "So what's your brother's name, Rye?" she smirked sarcastically. Peeta let his face go completely blank. "Yes," he deadpanned. "Oh," Katniss blushed, and shook her head, looking back at the catalog. "I'm sorry, that was rude. Um, so what kind of camping equipment does Rye already own?" Peeta couldn't stand how cute she was when she got flustered. "Katniss. I'm kidding, his name's Josh." Katniss let out a laugh in relief and seemed to relax. "Um, I think he has the basics, tent, grill, sleeping bag. I don't want to spend too much, but I thought something different, that maybe he hasn't thought of before?" "Sure," Katniss said, and turned a few pages before flopping the catalog on the counter before Peeta. She leaned in and pointed to a few items, and Peeta had to stop himself from breathing in her scent too deeply. She smelled like pine needles, and her breath was warm and sweet. He caught just the faintest glimpse of her sports bra as she leaned over. Peeta held his own breath in, worried that if he let go, he would kiss her right here in the store. He barely processed what she said to him, and before he knew it, he had agreed to buy whatever it was that she was showing him. She stepped out from around the corner and waved for him to follow her towards the camping section. Peeta took the opportunity to admire the rest of her body, and it didn't disappoint. Her work shirt was tucked haphazardly into a pair of thin corduroys, which were tucked into a pair of tall hunting boots lined with fleece. He could tell that these weren't the fluffy suede boots that every single girl seemed to own, but actual functional boots, worn and covered in mud around the edges. But the way her lean body still curved itself inside those pants…This girl was something else, he surmised. She stopped in front of a display and started handing him plastic sleeves. "Here, if he doesn't have a good multi-tool, he might as well not even bother. Leatherman is a popular brand, and this one has…" and she rattled off a bunch of different features for each one. But all Peeta could think about was her lips, and watching the way that with each pause, she would curl her bottom lip inside her mouth and how much he wanted to do the same to her. Don't be a creep, don't be a creep, he chanted inside his head, and he hoped that she didn't catch him staring the way he really wanted to. He found himself nodding at almost everything she said. Before he knew it, he walking back with her to the counter and purchasing a $150 steel pocketknife for his stupid older brother. "OK, here's your gift receipt and your gift. I hope Josh/Rye likes it. Have a good day," she said, handing him a small plastic bag. He stood there for a moment, just holding the bag in his hand, and Katniss gave him that look again. "And, Happy Holidays." "Right, right, thank you for your help, Katniss." Shit, he thought, there's really no reason for me to keep talking to this girl and I really don't want to go. "No problem," she waved. "Bye." He stepped away from the counter, walking backwards a few steps, before chastising himself and forcing himself to turn around and walk away. At least she knows my name, he thought sadly as he walked back to his car. xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo The next day at work, Katniss was once again at the help desk. She was relatively new, and therefore didn't have the seniority to negotiate for a better position. She had originally filled out the application because Gale had worked there forever and was already a shift manager. He had told her to just apply, had told her that with her skills and knowledge of all things outdoors, she would be in archery or behind the gun counter, and it would be an easy paycheck. And since she needed the second job to pay for Prim's nursing school, she took the chance. But by the time she got interviewed, hired, trained in a mindless 8 hour day with HR, and filled out her paperwork, it was the Christmas season, and all the college kids with more experience at the store were back wanting their positions and as many hours as possible. So Katniss was relegated to the help desk, where she stood for hours on end, showing people over and over again the same things, the same buy one get one free waterproof gloves, the same plastic circle sleds that were advertised week in and week out. Today was a slow, she thought, as she leaned her elbows against the counter, waiting for something to happen. She wasn't supposed to leave her post, but what else was she supposed to do on a Monday morning? Everyone was at work or in school, so Katniss grabbed a piece of scrap paper and a calculator to figure out what her paychecks from Scheel's and her tips from her waitress job would produce this month. No matter how many times she wrote out the numbers, she never seemed to break even. She was so deep in crunching numbers that she didn't hear the customer come up to the counter. Eventually, she saw something out of the corner of her eye and jumped. "Oh, sorry, I didn't see you there." It was Peeta, the cute blond baker from the day