I have decided to write a fanfic about the original Denali coven. First of all because so little is known about them, you can let your imagination run free on their personalities and pasts. Second of all because I wanted to give them a story in which they are not slutty, bitchy or annoying. And third of all because they belong to the few characters I actually like. This story takes place during new moon/eclipse and Breaking Dawn, a considers memories of the women's pasts as well. Tanya, Kate and Irina all have a few chapters of their own. KATE Suddenly a memory hit me. One of before. It happened sometimes, I would forget to keep my mind occupied and one of those thoughts could slam in there, right trough the wall I had build up with so much care in the past years. A long time ago, Sasha and Tanya had agreed to take turns in choosing an activity to spend the evenings with. Most of the time this activity was debating. Sasha was, or maybe had become, a calm person who picked her arguments thoughtfully, elaborating her opinions until she knew exactly what she wanted to achieve with her words. Tanya was more of an attacker, much less profound. She brought up argument after argument , trying to convince Sasha of her right. Sasha would always listen and reply in earnest, but when she believed in her statements it was not easy to convince her. I could merely dream about possessing such sereneness. I wasn't calm, never. Not now, while I was watching that French piece of shit whispering lies in my sister's ear. Not yesterday, when I just laid on my back in some field. My mind always seemed to be one step ahead of me. I was born to be lethal, in some way. Trained to kill since I was a little girl. I thought nothing would ever be able to hurt me. I thought I was powerful. I thought so much of myself and I knew so little. A few months after I was changed, when I wasn't so aggressive and terrified anymore, Sasha asked me; 'What would you like to do tonight? What were your favourite activities as a human?' An easy question, you might think. It wasn't for me. I had had twenty-one years of exercising, fighting and pushing myself to my limits (and further). One thing had been taught to me in particular. Don't show yourself. No emotions, no pain. One time I had been tied to a branch and they had whipped my back, until there was nothing recognizable, nothing but torn flesh. I hadn't made a single noise. It was what I was supposed to do. Take it, stay quiet, go on. In my human life there had been no room for personal issues. The children I grew up with were all sold by their families, me as well. I had been grateful. It was either this life, even though it was not ideal, in which I would learn to defend myself, or a life like my mother's. I had never wished for the latter. A life like hers, of submissively following her husband's orders, of bearing a new child every other year, of being slapped and kicked and raped, that wasn't for me. I already knew that when I was nine. Due to my harsh training I had never had the time to develop myself mentally. I became anxious and scared. I felt too much and did not know how I was supposed to deal with my emotions. I was twelve when I cut myself for the first time. All of this went through my head as Sasha stood there, waiting for an answer I did not have. What had I liked to do as a human? I tried to push the memory away. It was a long time ago. I knew myself a lot better now. However, it didn't matter how much I disliked it, Sasha's anticipating, slightly worried expression was in front of my eyes, even when I closed them. 'What is it?' Tanya suddenly was next to me, I hadn't heard her coming. Talking about Sasha would only make her sad, so I mentioned something else that was bothering me. 'That dog is luring Irina into perdition with his fancy accent.' 'Aren't you slightly exaggerating? Perdition seems kind of extreme.' Tanya tried to soothe, but I knew she felt the same way. Neither of us felt much for Laurent and we had both been surprised when Irina had practically launched herself at him. The two sat just out of hearing distance, where we could spy on them. 'I don't understand what she sees in him. There is something vicious about him. I don't know.' Tanya shook her head. 'He is a liar. He will hurt her.' I said, and gritted my teeth to this. 'Have you talked to her about him?' My sister sighted. 'I wanted to, but she came in two days ago, all beaming. She slept with him. Said it is so much better, when you love someone.' I sighted too. I did not want to trash my sister's dreams. 'She doesn't see it because she doesn't want to. I know she knows, that none of it is truth.' Tanya said. My sister put a string of curls behind her ear and went back inside, again shaking her head unconsciously. 'I hope she'll get her head straight before things get painful.' I heard her whisper to herself. Then I knew what to do. Irina sat next to the fireplace, Tanya's head in her lap. For once my little sister was without her new lover. I went outside and took a deep breath. I could smell him immediately. He was not far for me, a couple of hundreds of meters to the left in the woods. I sprinted. 'What do you think you're doing?' I hissed as soon as he saw me. 'I don't know what you're talking about.' He smiled, his eyes kind. The eyes of a liar. 'You know damn well. You don't love my sister, Laurent, you never did. Why are you telling her you do?' Laurent lifted his eyebrows in innocent surprise. 'I very much like Irina. She's cute.' I grunted. 'She is. She is cute, sweet and loveable. She is funny and sensitive. She is too good for you and yet she thinks she needs you. You don't want her like she wants you and still you pretend you do and you make her believe that the two of you are going to have a romantic future forever!' Laurent dropped his smile, a seemingly hurt look on his face. Yeah sure. 'Why do you think I don't want her like she wants me?' 'You hold her close and happily tell her how much she means to you, while your eyes are on Tanya's ass. No one buys your shit, Laurent. ' Laurent's smiled reappeared. 'If it makes her happy now, what's the problem?' I wanted to scream, but I had to remain cool and distant. 'If you tell her now, that you don't like her enough to get serious, you can prevent a lot of damage.' I grumbled the words trough my teeth. 'She is a dear. I like her for now and I'm not done playing. She's a good woman.' The sentence ended in a grin, not a mean one even. He was actually pleased with the current situation. He didn't bother to think about what it would do to Irina if he had enough of her. I was angry and could feel my gift buzzing all over my body. I smashed him into a near rock and shocked him. 'If you make my sister unhappy, if you inflict the slightest pain upon her, no matter how or when, I will hunt you down and I will fucking kill you. ' I had my lower arm pressed against his throat and he looked at me in fear. That was one thing I had learned in all those years, how to frighten someone. 'You leave her now or you never leave her. Do you understand, Lohrahn ?' I concluded that my voice did sound a little insane. Good. He nodded in understanding. I let him go, turned around and ran back to our house. Five months later I would have killed Laurent, hadn't he already been dead. He had left our place a while earlier. If I closed my eyes I still saw him pressing his lips against sister's cheek, promising her a fast return. I had believed that he took my "advice" seriously and thus had decided to stay with Irina forever, provided that he could sometimes take a break to fall back on his former nomad habits. It had relaxed me. I knew a relationship wasn't supposed to be based on the man's fear to be murdered by his lover's relatives in case he screwed up, but I was ensured he would not do any damage to Rina. Until now. Tanya spoke softly and in a comforting tone trough the phone to my youngest sister. Carmen and Eleazar stood next to her, both of them with pursed lips and eyes filled with sorrow. I was glad they reacted that way. That they did not despise Irina for the ridiculous request she just asked from us. I felt bad for Irina, because I, too, had believed that her and Laurent would now actually be the happy couple he had promised her they would be. And I was thrilled for her. Is it worse to get your mate killed or for him to leave you because he doesn't like you anymore. I suppose the latter. 'Listen, you are upset and I understand. But the Cullens are our family and we would never want put them in danger...' Tanya's word trailed off and I heard Irina's reply on the other side, her voice higher than usual, full of grief. It struck me that it was not the first time I had heard her like this. No, not now. I didn't want to think about Sasha now. 'They might come back. And then the wolves will harm them.' Tanya said it so gently. I respected her for how good she was at the whole console-thing. I wanted Irina to speak louder. Normally I could hear her talking on the phone even when she wasn't calling me, and now her voice was so soft that it probably already took Tanya great efforts to hear her. All I could hear was more sadness on the other side of the line. Irina wanted to kill the werewolves who had killed her Laurent. I could not place myself in her situation, because I didn't have a mate (and I was not planning on ever getting one. Mates made you weak) but I knew what it was like to lose someone I cared for. I imagined that Sasha had died because of those werewolves instead of the Volturi. That thought of her death was so painful that I gasped. No one looked at me in a strange way, they might not have heard. I understood Irina anyway. I would want to kill those werewolves too, if I were her. 'Irina is more important to me than the Cullens are.' I said it out loud and they all looked at me, as if I had said something horrible. Even Tanya. My next line was spoken directly to her. 'You and I know what it is like to lose someone you love. Irina deserves a revenge. How can she possibly get over this when the murderers of her lover are still wandering around on this continent somewhere. They will be demons to her then. Too.' Eleazar and Carmen looked confused, only Tanya had gotten it. It was no surprise, we had grown close. Tanya used to call Aro and Caius 'her demons', when she was in a very bad