Author's Note: I know, I know, this idea is a little overdone, but I couldn't resist doing one of my own. I just love Legolas. I mean, who doesn't? This is all for entertainment purposes only. I have yet to read the LOTR books and have only seen all of the movies, so the characters might be a little OOC. I don't mean to offend any LOTR fans, so if you're upset, get over yourself. It's a fan fiction. It didn't happen. And for the record, the elfish language he speaks actually means something. I challenge you to try and figure it out. He takes her hand in his. "I told you not to come," He scolds her. She glares defiantly back. That is one of the expressions he isn't used to seeing on her, but she has gotten more confident since they had known each other. Despite that, he still loves her, no matter what expression she wears at any moment. "And who are you to tell me where I may or may not go?" She asks. His lips curve into a smile at her reply. There was her newfound confidence once more. "I suppose it's not my place to tell you, I only worry for your safety." She smiles a little at that, happy that someone cares for her. That feeling is still so feesh and new and raw, but she loves it. Legolas looks deep into Evyn's eyes. They are the color of the surface of a pond, rippling at the slightest change. The green-blue color seems to gaze into one's very soul, tearing one's very memories, thoughts, feelings, out into the open. And to make it even more unusual, she was not an elf. Evyn was human. And he, Legolas Greenleaf, had fallen for a mere mortal, like his companion's lover Arwen had down. Arwen was in love with the King of Gondor, Aragorn. Before he had scoffed at her, how could elves such as them be so deeply entangled with a human? But when he had met Evyn, everything he had ever thought about man's flaws vanished. Evyn was free of many of the flaws others had, yet was not perfect by any means. Yet that was why he loved her so. Her pale skin fairly glowed in the darkness of the Battle of Helm's Deep, where orcs were trying to breach the walls. The hardened, weathered, stone walls that had seen many a battle yet probably none such as the one that was soon to happen. It was not that he resented Arwen's and Aragorn's love. He was pleased for them. But at the same time, he had not understood their love. In fact, for a while, he was a little envious of their love for each other. He did not want to face the hardships they went through, but she wishfully thought that may one day he would find someone to love as deeply and truly as they loved each other. Evyn shook her dark brown hair back, the braids that started at both her ears and were woven together sliding a bit. In the darkness that the clouds had brought, Evyn could momentarily let the fear she was feeling show on her face. For as much as she had wised for something as exciting as this, now she was a bit wary. But since meeting Legolas, and falling for him, she believed herself as tougher, as stronger. "I have been able to take care of myself for many a year before you Legolas," She says. Legolas leans in and kisses her softly. Even though they had shared many kisses before, she could still not lose the feeling of falling, the feeling of sparks, the rushing in her very soul. She would remember every kiss they shared, every touch they had, until her dying day and maybe even after that. "Yes, but who am I to deny myself the pleasure of worrying for you?" He asks as they break apart. Evyn smiles. Even the feeling of someone worrying about her is so foreign, since she is used to being on her own, to have to look after herself, to obeying orders but never needing anyone. And no one ever needing her. Evyn stands from their squatting position. She extends her hand to Legoals. He takes it, and even in the cold air surrounding them, he is as warm as ever. "Come Legolas. We must help the others." She gestures to the terrified men, who have seen too many or too few summers, cowering at the doors. Their moans of fear and the orcs screams of vengeance fill the air. They are getting so close, that many of the 'soldiers' are starting to have second doubts, wishing they could be anywhere but here. Legolas stands up with her. "You stay here. I'll go up to the turrets with the others, see if we can fend them off before they can breach the doors." He takes out his bow and loads an arrow, just to be ready. In the darkness he can barely see her expression of wistfulness. She wishes that they could just go off someplace, just the two of them, and to not worry about defending Helm's Deep. But in her heart, she knows what's right and what she has to do. The wind blows softly, swirling their hair and shaking their clothes. There is no rain, yet there's a slight chill in the air that everyone feels through their heavy armor. "Evyn." She turns to look at him. He reaches up and places a hand on her cheek. Even his touch, the touch she has felt before, still gives her slight chills. Evyn shivers and Legolas pulls her closer by her hand. Evyn traces her fingers on his face, his blond hair getting entangled with her hand. They look at each other for a moment, oblivious to the war almost at their doorstep. Evyn wishes they could be in this moment forever, but knows it's not possible. "Be safe," Legolas whispers, then he turns and stars to run towards the stairs, already dirty from past battles. Other soldiers move out of his way, knowing his rank of importance. He just nods to them, not knowing what to say to give them confidence. As he bounds up them, he glances down to see Evyn staring up after him. "Legolas," Evyn says softly. "Come back to me." She wishes with all her heart, that he makes it out of here, unscathed and alive and safe. Even if she doesn't, at lesdt Legolas would live. And that thought calms her trembling hands. He goes up a few more steps and is then swallowed by the darkness. And she feels alone once more, despite being surrounded by the men who are desperately clinging to each other and the walls for comfort. As soon as Leoglas vanishes from sight, that feeling of comfort and security is gone. With him, she could push to fear and anxiety back, with him she forgot what they were about to do. But now he's gone and that safe feeling abandons her as well. Evyn turns and starts to assist the others with barricading the doors from the orcs. It was hard, for they were as nervous as she was, but she does her best to sooth them and to get their job done. But their efforts were futile. It first came as a mere pounding on the doors, mixed with the orcs screams. The men are frightened, moving backwards at the slightest tremble the door gives. Evyn, too, is scared, but tries to keep it together. She knows Legolas wouldn't want her to fall apart, and if she sets an example and façade of calm, then maybe the others would notice and calm down as well. The noise and beatings became more intense and harder and finally, the wooden door is broken down. Little holes that spears and knives can get through begin to appear, and then the wood is broken for good, beyond compare. The battle has begun. Orcs screams and men's terrified cries are the only thing to be heard, save for the sound of arrows, swords, spears, knives, hitting armor. The sound of clashing metal. The orcs manage to get through the doors and kill anyone who is waiting to fight them, anyone who is in their path, anyone they see. Evyn backs up with the other terrified soldiers, away from the door, their backs against the stone of the walls. Evyn tries to figure out the best way to attack them from. One of the men who had scurried away from the door the moment it was touched spots her and makes his way to her. She recognizes him. He was one of the men who almost refused to fight, until Lord Aragorn came down on him. Even then, he is cowered, staying in the back. But Evyn feels not hatred towards him, no disgust. Just pity. And understanding. "M'lady, the women and children are down in the tunnel. Why aren't you waiting there with them until we defeat the orcs? This is too dangerous for one such as yourself." Evyn first wants to say something scathing, but she looks beyond him to see an orc come behind him and raise a spear above his head. Despite what he said, she will not let an innocent man perish. She rams her sword into him, much to the amazement of the other. Evyn pulls her sword out of the orc as he falls backwards and wipes the blood of it off on his own tunic. She is still slightly squeamish of the blood but forces herself to be strong, to tolerate it. "Because, Master Denomer, Legolas instructed me not too, so I did." Before Denomer could contradict her again, she dances off to another fight, determined to win all of them, as to see Legolas all the more sooner. Even the smell of blood, its scent fresh on the air, or the despicable screams of many creatures could not dissuade her, for she had her heart set on seeing Legolas again. Despite her knowledge with the sword, she soon realized that she was far outnumbered, the orcs outdistancing her with their mastery and was just managing to win her fights since she was smaller and faster than they are. Blocking the hit of one sword, she sliced another one in the same turn. Enraged they advanced on her, but she slashed one across the arm, causing them to drop their sword. He gives a howl of pain and stumbles backwards. She takes up his fallen weapon and runs them both through him, while the other trips over one of their own kind. He gets up though and manages to strike her across the shoulder, tearing the thin white fabric and causing a deep cut. She turns and swipes her sword through his middle and he falls. She clutches her shoulder for a moment, the pain great. But he straightens, puts on a brave face, and runs off to another battle. Legolas was having fights of his own. Despite his great aim, there were many orcs, more than they had ever come up against before. It was hard for him to get a clear shot since they were so close to him. He looks over at Haldir of Lórien, firing arrows and ordering his army beside him. Aragorn and Gimli were also close to him, yet they were near the steps fighting orcs there. The terrible smell of their black blood mixed with the slight scent of rain in the air fills his nostrils and all he hears is the screams and shouts of men, elves, and orcs alike. He manages to shoot one on the ground that was about to finish off a young boy, who looks terrified. He shots it in the back of the head and the boy scampers out of the way as the orc