The NewAssignment She was alone. She had always been alone. No matter how many parties she attended; no matter how many people fought to be in her presence; no matter how many boys threw themselves at her, she was alone. This was not a new realization. In fact, it was more or less a routine with her when her thoughts had time to wander. By now the anger had faded over this fact. She no longer resented her situation, but neither did she fully accept it. Instead she glided down the middle, emotionally detached from everyone else. A fate Isabella Swan was unfortunately stuck with. "Princess Swan?" a voice interjected through her thoughts. "Yes professor?" "Could you please name the five elements that run within royal blood?" "Water, Earth, Air, Fire, and Spirit, sir." "Correct," replied the teacher and continued on with the lecture. Isabella Swan, or Bella as she was more commonly known, glanced around the room with her brown eyes and brown hair fanning out around her head as she turned. Some of the students, the guardians, were paying attention to the lecture, while others, the royals, snoozed through Professor's lesson. This was usually how it went at the Twilight Academy. Twilight Academy was one of four very prestigious academies in the United States. This particular academy was located in the secluded wilderness of Forks, Washington. In order to be accepted into the school you had to fit into one of two different categories: a descendent from a royal family with magic flowing naturally through their blood or a vampire guardian sworn to learn the ways to protect the royals they guarded. Princess Isabella Swan fit into the first category. The Swan dynasty was one of the most ancient and powerful royal families in the world, hence the 'Princess' title given to Bella. Of course, there were hundreds of other royal families but only ten of those families, ones that can be dated back thousands of years, were regarded and addressed as Bella was. Bella, due to the importance of her family, was considered to be at the hub of all royal social interaction in the academy. Everyone wanted to get close to her, become her best friend, become her boyfriend, all with motive of using the royal perks or just following royal society procedure. Bella's life was filled with endless parties, incessant gossip, and free flowing alcohol not to mention rampant sex. And Bella didn't really enjoy any of it. The bell rang and Bella slightly jumped in surprise, but quickly recovered and gathered her things to go her next class. She walked into the halls along and was lost in the crowd of students flowing out from each oak door. The torches that lit the way gave a comforting and cheery glow to what otherwise would be a dark stone interior. Bella continued on her way a little further until she felt two of her more sincere friends come to her side: Angela Weber, a tall, quiet girl with light brown hair and soft brown eyes, and Jessica Stanley, a more outgoing girl with dark curly hair. Both girls came from royal families as well and a little ways behind them were their guardians, Eric and Tyler. Eric was very tall with a poor complexion and hair as black as an oil slick, but was a grade A guardian. Tyler was tan and had brown hair and brown eyes. Bella found him to be a little headstrong, funny, and cocky which made him a fun friend for Bella to hang around. Overall, Bella liked both of them. "Are you nervous Bella?" Jessica began. "Nervous for what?" Bella answered. "Getting assigned another new guardian today! Don't tell me you forgot!" Bella looked down sheepishly. She had forgotten. Even though a guardian was an integral part of a royal's life, it completely slipped her mind. "Not really… kinda… sorta," Jessica gave her a knowing look, "alright I did." "How could you forget! You haven't had anybody with you for a day now. If I were you I would be nervous as hell without one!" "Well truthfully," Bella started, "I don't give a damn about having one near me." "I think the whole school knows that one. At this point, you have driven away seven guardians, and the new guy today will probably be number eight," Angela stated. It wasn't a malicious act, driving away the guardians, it was just something Bella couldn't help. A guardian was a vampire which possessed certain skills that allowed them to be a perfect guard for the precious royals of society. Every royal was assigned a guardian to protect them. In order for a guardian to effectively protect the royal, a close bond was needed. But, ever since the accident, Bella found it mentally impossible to let anyone become close to her. Every guardian she was assigned became frustrated at her lack to connect with them. Also, they found her nonchalant attitude about the situation and her sometimes bitchy moments to be a combination that no guardian, yet, could seem to endure. Bella shrugged her shoulders. Guardians coming and going didn't really faze her, so the fact that a new one would enter her life today just equaled them leaving it within a few months. The girls continued to chatter as they entered their next class. Unlike other classrooms, this one was made especially for the subject which was taught in the room, Physical Defense by Professor Sam Uley. The ceiling was built high with wooden arches for support. The stone was packed even closer together in the walls to make it sturdier. Windows, with tinted glass of course, were rimmed with hard metal and the glass was several inches thick. The front half of the room contained a usual classroom setting, desks and a chalkboard. The back half of the rooms was empty with black mats covering the floor, outlining it as the arena area of the room. The students went to their desks. Angela and Jessica both took seats in the middle, their guardians sat behind them. At this academy, royals and their guardians took classes together. This ensured that both would have adequate information about one another in order to create a stronger, lasting bond. Bella took her usual seat near the middle of the classroom next to her friends. There was also a vacant seat behind her where her guardian would sit. The class continued to talk until the professor walked in. Bella was looking down, sorting out her things, while the professor began to talk. "Hello class. I would like to introduce to you a new guardian at the Twilight Academy. His name is Edward Cullen." The girls all around broke into quiet whispers, muffled giggles, and long sighs. Bella decided to take a quick glance at the new kid and see what all the fuss was about. She lifted her head and instantly met with piercing gaze. Edward looked at her with such intensity it felt as if his golden eyes bore a hole into her soul. She was able to tear away her eyes only to be met with the perfection of his body. He stood at about six foot two, with a lean muscular figure. His skin was as solid, pale, and undeniably perfect as marble. His face was also, once again, perfect and angular with high cheekbones, a strong jaw line, a straight nose, and full lips. His messy bronze hair only added to his appeal. Even the purple, bruise like marks that all vampires carried could not take away any of the beauty Bella found in Edward. But immediately, she found his gaze a little extreme almost to the point where it was getting on her nerves. What did she do? Did she have something on her face? He continued to stare. The professor, oblivious to the interaction, continued on. "Mr. Cullen would you please take a seat behind Princess Swan. Princess, please raise your hand." Before she could make any movement, he started walking to her and with a swift and graceful movement, slid into the seat behind Bella. "Good, now let's take out our textbooks and begin where we left off yesterday. Please read pages 472 to 500 silently." Bella proceeded to follow directions. She was on her third page of reading when her body began to tingle. She could feel his eyes on the back of her head. Maybe he forgot the pages they were suppose to read. She turned around so she could help him. But, when she turned she could see the book opened the right page but his eyes were only focused on her. Bella gave an involuntary shiver as if electricity of his eyes shocked her down to her core. She quickly turned back and tried to continue with the reading. But, she could tell his eyes never moved from that position. Now she was feeling a little pissed. What was this guy's problem? Did he have mental issues or what? Going against her better judgment, she checked on him one more time. Ignoring the spark she felt, Bella gave him a nasty 'what the fuck is up with you' look. In response, a small smirk tugged at the sides of his mouth. 'God, he is just fucking around with me. What an ass.' Bella said in her mind. She decided not to pay any attention to him for the rest of the class period. This proved to be easier said than done because of his unwavering gaze and the electric shock she felt when the gaze was most intense. Bella came to the decision that she was going to confront him after class. The minutes ticked by slowly, but when the bell finally rung, Bella let out an audible breath she didn't even know she was holding. But, her body stiffened when Edward gave a small chuckle behind her. She turned to confront him there and then, already on her edge of her patience, but as most vampires were, he was quick and already on his way out the door. "Jess, Angy I will meet up with you in a few minutes, just need to deal with…" "That hot piece of ass who can't take his eyes of you," Jessica happily filled in. "Yeah… something like that. See you in a few." Bella grabbed her purse and followed him out the door. She didn't have to look far for him. The halls were already thinning out and she could see him leaning against the walls waiting for her as the torch light danced around his beautiful heartbreaking face. Bella couldn't help but a sharp intake of breath. He really was so damn fine, but so damn annoying too, and after ten seconds of adoration, it was those feelings that made her angrily make her way towards him. A smirk found its way on to his lips and fueled Bella's emotions even more. "Okay, I know you are new and all, but what the hell is your problem?" "Nothing at all Princess Isabella," he calmly said his voice melodious and comforting like a faint spring breeze. Bella could feel his words wrap around her, pulling her in. She even took a small step towards him before coming to her senses. "The name is Bella," she retorted in what she hoped was still an angry voice. "If you don't have a problem then why do you keep on looking at me? It is pissing me off. I didn't do shit to you." "You haven't done anything," he confirmed. "Then why do you do it," she urged exasperated. "I find you… interesting," Edward smoothly replied and then gave her a sly grin. Bella was about to yell back, she hated smartass people who made smartass comments especially when those people knew how angry it made her and kept doing it. "Well you can take your interest and shove it up your…" "Bella!" Angela shouted. "Come on class is