Author's note: This is an AU project that I have been working on lately. This first chapter, however, could be considered cannon as none of the events contradict JKR's universe. Please enjoy. Also, this is not Sirius/Regulus slash, because I don't care that that would not necessarily be unheard of for the Blacks, that's gross. In fact, I've always headcannoned Sirius as asexual/aromantic, so if you're here for romance, please escort yourself off the premises. Also, in case you somehow couldn't tell, I am decidedly not a middle-aged Scottish woman named Joanne. Therefore, I am unfortunately not JK Rowling. If I was JK Rowling, I would not be posting my writing on the internet for free. If you like this story, please review, favorite, and/or follow. I live for your feedback. November 3, 1959 An uncharacteristically disheveled Walburga Black finally leaned back onto her pillows, hair stuck to her forehead and breathing raspy. Despite her current state she still managed to fix the help with a haughty, slightly disgusted look. She took a few moments to catch her breath, dark eyes never wavering from the slightly intimidated midwife. When at last, her breathing returned to normal and she could speak in a proper tone, she cleared her throat. The midwife turned from her ministrations on the newest Black. "Madame?" she asked respectfully. Walburga blew out a breath in irritation. "Well?" she snapped. "What of the baby?" The nurse gave a soft smile. "Perfectly healthy son, Madame. Would you like to hold him?" Walburga felt her own smile form, the expression feeling foreign on her usually harsh features. "Yes, bring him here. Then you will fetch Orion, and tell him the news. He will be in his study." The nurse gave a slight curtsy, then picked up the baby and handed him to Walburga. She exited the room with another little bow, leaving the new mother and son together. Walburga held the boy against her knees, studying his features carefully. A tuft of dark hair lay across his head, the same shade as hers and Orion's. A little nose, high cheekbones; she traced a finger over one of them. At the touch, eyes fluttered open, and Walburga felt her breath hitch. Two orbs of mercury, staring placidly back at her. She couldn't look away, such was the force of this baby's stare. "Sirius," she whispered. They had thought they would name him Arcturus, after Orion's father and the head of Black, but the name wasn't right for this child. Not right for a child with those eyes. Just then, the door opened and Orion himself entered, walking quickly to Walburga's side. "A son," Walburga said quietly, her own eyes still on her son's. "Sirius Orion." "A son," Orion repeated almost reverently. "Not Arcturus?" he asked. "His eyes," she said, and Orion seemed to accept that as explanation enough, because he did not argue. The next day, the three Blacks stood in another room, this one with a magnificent tapestry lining every wall. There were several charred scorches marring the cloth, but neither of the adults paid them any mind. Orion placed his wand at the temple of his son. " Sanguinem magia, " he incanted, and Sirius gave a little whimper as a drop of blood was taken from him. The drop clung to Orion's wand, and he placed it on the golden thread that connected himself to Walburga. He watched the thread flash white. " Corvi Lepore." Across the room, the base of the tree enscribed with the crest of Black flared blue. The light followed up through the tree, reaching the branch of Orion and Walburga and casting an eerie glow on the room's occupants. " Crescato." The room filled with a blustering wind, whipping Walburga's hair and making her eyes water. The tree flashed all the brighter then all was still. Slowly, a branch began to grow from Orion and Walburga, gracefully distancing itself from its parents. Gold thread followed the branch before connecting to a slowly opening flower. The flower opened fully to reveal the face of a young man. His mercurial eyes, perfectly matching those of the infant in Walburga's arms, glinted in the soft sunlight streaming in the window, and a slight smirk graced his smooth features. Orion and Walburga looked from the baby to the tapestry and back, before meeting each other's eyes. "Well," Orion said. Walburga nodded. "It is done." "It is done," Walburga echoed, and with a last glance at the tree. January 31, 1961 "No Sirius! Put that down!" The one-year-old looked up at Andromeda, offending wand clasped in his pudgy hand. With a grin that proudly displayed his two front teeth, he banged it on the floor. Gold sparks flew out, and Andromeda rushed over and snatched the wand out of his hand, silently wondering where the Sirius even got the thing. And whose it was in the first place. "Andiiii…" came a whine from an armchair in the corner of the nursery. Andromeda turned and arched an eyebrow at the little blonde with a book in her lap. "Cissy?" she returned, annoyed already. "Why are we here?" said the five-year-old. "And where's Bella?" "We are here because Aunt Walburga is having a baby, and she asked us to watch Sirius. Bella is wandering." Narcissa looked troubled. "But Bella's ten, and you're only seven. Bella should be in charge," she said, as if it made all the sense in the world. Andromeda rolled her eyes. "You know Bella doesn't like babies. She's probably off hexing the house elf. It's better to just let her be," she said as she turned back to Sirius. Now, as Narcissa had mentioned, Andromeda was only seven. And she had not seen many babies. The Rosiers had one, a year older than Sirius, and so did the Averys. Neither of them were very cute though, the one or two times Andromeda had seen them. Sirius, however, was very, very, very cute. She grinned as Sirius stuck his hands out, and plopped down on the floor next to him. She pulled the toddler between her legs and tickled his stomach, giggling when he did. "Don't worry, Siri. Little siblings aren't so bad until they get older. Then they become whiny brats." She heard Narcissa huff behind her. "Babies are pretty fun, I think. But I don't remember when Cissy was a baby and my cousin Evan isn't very nice. You're nice, though, Siri, so I'd say your sibling will be nice too." "I hope he gets a sister," Narcissa chimed in from her chair. "Then I'll get to boss someone around like you and Bella do to me." "Why can't you boss Sirius around?" Andromeda looked over her shoulder in time to see Narcissa wrinkle her nose. "Because Sirius is a boy, and the heir to our house. One day, he'll boss us around." Andromeda looked back at Sirius, who currently had a lock of her curly brown hair in his mouth. It sure didn't seem like he would one day boss her around. No, she couldn't allow that. She nodded. "Sirius won't get to boss me around, not ever. I'm older." Narcissa scoffed. "That's not how it works, Andi." Andromeda scoffed right back. "Watch me." The two sisters descended back into their previous activities, Narcissa to her picture book and Andromeda to her cousin, seemingly having reached an impasse. A while later, Druella, their mother, came into the nursery, Bellatrix at her side. Mother's hand was clamped over her eldest daughter's shoulder, seemingly preventing an escape. She frowned at Andromeda as soon as she entered. "Get off the floor and close your legs Andromeda. It is uncouth for a lady to present herself so," Mother said as she came by and swooped up Sirius, pulling Andromeda up as she did so. "Are we leaving, Mother?" said Narcissa excitedly. Andromeda had other thoughts on her mind. "Did Aunt Walburga have her baby?" she asked with equal excitement. Mother nodded. "Regulus Arcturus, another son," she said, with a touch of resentment that went well over the heads of all her children. Andromeda bounded over to Sirius, who was now in his crib. "Hear that, Siri? You've got a brother now!" Sirius smiled again. "Call him by his proper name, Andromeda." "Can I see the baby, Mother?" Andromeda said, ignoring her mother's previous remark. "Not today," the mother returned. "We must leave to give the family some rest. Kreacher will look after Sirius." Andromeda sighed pitifully, and with a final look at her baby cousin, she followed her mother and sisters out of the room. June 19, 1964 Sirius fidgeted in his seat, stabbing moodily at his fish. He didn't even like fish. In fact, he didn't particularly like Bella, so it made no sense to him why he was even here. Plus, Mother didn't make Reggie come. "Quit that, Sirius." Sirius gave his best five-year-old glare to Cissy as she slapped his hand away from his tie. Once, at a big ministry function Father had dragged him to, Sirius had met another boy his age. Sirius didn't quite remember his name, but the boy had said that at some parties you didn't have to wear a tie. The boy had also had hair that looked like it had never been combed, so he would probably know. If it was up to Sirius, he would wear a t-shirt. Not that he owned a t-shirt, but he saw one once that was red. He would like a red t-shirt, he decided. Andi looked at him sympathetically from across the table, where she was seated next to Bella. Bella had invited her boyfriend to her birthday party. Sirius couldn't say his name, but the older boy had gotten very upset when he called him Ralph. Sirius decided he would keep calling him Ralph. After all, Ralph wasn't very nice; Sirius figured that was why Bella liked him. Sirius fidgeted again. He wanted to go home and play with Regulus. Mother had invited Great Aunt Cassiopeia over to watch Reggie instead of just letting Kreacher do it, for some reason. Sirius didn't like Aunt Cassie so much, and certainly didn't like the idea of her watching Reggie, at least not without him there too. If Sirius was there too, then they could explore the house while Aunt Cassie was looking in the mirror. "Andromeda," said Father suddenly from the head of the table. Andi's dark eyes flicked to Sirius's silver for a moment before meeting Father's. "Uncle?" she addressed respectfully. "You are to start Hogwarts in the fall?" Father asked. Sirius's head snapped up from his plate to look to his father questioningly. Andi was what now? Andi didn't even falter, but got a small smile on her face. "Yes, Uncle." Sirius blinked at her in shock. She met his eyes then, and smiled, then mouthed later . "You will do our family proud, I'm sure," Father continued, ignoring their exchange. The veiled threat went beyond Sirius, but not Andromeda, as she nodded meekly. "Of course, Uncle," she replied with a bow of her head. Father nodded, satisfied. Way too many minutes and much fidgeting later, the dinner was done and Mother and Father were saying goodbye to Aunt Druella and Uncle Cygnus. Sirius stood in the hall with Andi, back straight as he'd been told since he could stand. "Siri," she began, placing her hand under his chin and forcing him to meet her eyes. "You're leaving?" Sirius asked trying his best to keep his voice even. Andi crouched down so they were the same height and brushed his hair back. "I'm going to go to school with Bella, but not for another two months. And then I'll come back for Christmas a few months after that, so you mustn't worry," Andi explained gently. Sirius sniffed. "Can I come too?" he asked. Andi grinned at him. "Siri, you're only four. You have to be eleven to go to Hogwarts." Sirius