My story. Not my characters. " Sometimes I remind myself that I almost skipped the party, that I almost went to a different college, that the whim of a minute could have changed everything and everyone. Our lives, so settled, so specific, are built on happenstance." Anna Quindlen Lightly, lightly. Heel. Don't forget to breathe. Steadily, steadily, inhale. To toe. Exhale. The tinge of low lying haze dampens everything slightly, colors and sounds. Still, her footstep falls audibly onto the thin sheet of snow that blankets the earth. As careful as her tread is, the minute noises are still distinguishable, even as infinitesimal as the sound may be. "Out of practice," Artemis scoffs, voice only a heartbeat louder than her movements. But she is out for that very reason. The … for lack of a better euphemism, developments in recent years were not very permissive in allowing her any time for frivolities. Now, however … Her next step lands on a camouflaged patch of ice. An involuntary grunt ekes out of her as she skids to the side. She steadies herself too late, and the insides of her right moccasin fills with sopping snow. Artemis's otherwise gentle expression sours. It isn't as if she is particularly afflicted by the lowered temperature, as a goddess and all. It is, however, uncomfortable, and disagreeable for her footwear to be in such a state. The Huntress swiftly extracts her foot from the mound of snow it landed in, and places it gingerly on a more secure location. Withdrawing her foot from the moccasin, she perches and bends gracefully over to snatch up the foot wear. Still balanced on her left leg, the goddess gently shakes out the chunks of snow from the shoe. Delicately laying the moccasin down, she slides her foot back in. Her previous foresight pays off: the waterproof layer she added protects the deerskin. The satisfaction of something physical, is, after all, better than the shortcuts of sorcery. As for the cuff of her leggings - they will dry soon enough on their own. The stain of wetness doesn't even show amongst the black fabric. The moon goddess straightens up and brushes away the sheaf of freshly freed dark auburn hair in front of her left eye to behind her ear. Reconfiguring herself, she presses on undaunted towards the lake. Traversing snow isn't Artemis's thing. Greece never had a climate that could be considered remotely frosty. There was the more occasional snowfall in Roman territory, but that was a different matter. The facts are simple - she is a Greek goddess (right now, at least), and is so defined by that pantheon. Specifically hunting in snow is not a skillset she naturally has. And for acquiring it - the relatively few years in Germany, Spain, and France didn't help with learning how to hunt in snow. England was the center of Western Civilization for several centuries longer, but snow there is inconsistent. The United States is the only place where she can traverse in a colder climate regularly. The great expanses of the frontier are much better than any previous civilization. The area of the US nearly matches the entire continent of Europe in size. The previous centers of Western Civilization lack snowy environments for her to practice the abilities in question. For that matter, also fewer deserts, but that is another topic (partially why she enjoyed hunting jackalopes really - the fresh experience of the hunt in a desert environment). It's up to her to maintain those learned abilities. She is defined by the ancient Greek era, and they knew little of true winter. The beliefs of the fallen Roman empire equally limits her alter ego. With one final crinkle of snow, she slips off the shore onto the frozen lake, stride smoother than before and just a touch less perceptible by ear. Her gait is comfortable now, and she glides towards the shore of the reservoir. Immune to the bite of the gusting wind, the goddess accelerates as she leaps onto the ice. The leather soles of her moccasins magically smoothen, and Artemis skates forth. Her silver tunic conforms to the swells of her front due to the speed she moves at, while the back flutters behind her like wisps in the air. It simply cannot stand for her to be unskilled in something she should technically be capable of doing. So she's here now, while she has the freedom to enjoy herself. After all, it's the perfect time. It's the Winter Solstice, and it's the full moon. Auspicious times. Sure, she's missing the largest party she's ever seen at Olympus right now. A bit late to truly celebrate the victory over Gaia, but she wasn't defeated until long after the summer solstice. So fast forward approximately five months, and that's tonight. The awards ceremony and victory party. This year's solstice is more complex and exuberant too, given the mix of Greeks and Romans in attendance. And perhaps even partially because of two consecutive victories, really, considering the summer previous was the entire deal with Kronos. Perhaps that is what it's like to be mortal? Everything is a rush, countless major events happening so soon after one another, not even a year's worth of time in between? It used to be decades if not whole centuries that go by without anything catastrophic taking the wheel, but the entire debacle with the giants was resolved within a few months, right after the Titan War. Anyway, her Hunters are enjoying their time by themselves at Olympus. But Artemis herself prefers enjoying the illuminated night tonight. As much as she loved … no, loves her followers dearly, even a goddess needs time for themselves. Such social events are already a bore, but the one she was attending just now was even worse than usual. The annual meeting just about an hour or two ago was a hellhole of ego-stroking ceremony and transparent accolades. She can refresh and reset here. Everyone else can have their ambrosia and nectar, their odd mishmash of dancing to different tunes. She'll take in the local chip of wilderness in the city. It's perfect, and it's winter - and oh what a wonderful, what a beautiful, what a gorgeous season it is. Artemis never tires of winter. Out of the four distinct seasons, it's her favorite. The rain of spring is irritating, even if she enjoys the challenge it presents in hunting. Conversely, the hunt also becomes too simple, though, due to the influx of naive newborns. Summer is fine - just rather average. Not bad, just nothing overly special besides raised temperatures. The colors of autumn are amazing, the hues of the many crunchy leaves as they swirl away in the wind. But nothing compares to the trickling snow, right now, dancing past her face and down to the earth. The snow is so dynamic, in the way it simultaneously simplifies and complicates the hunt. The imprints everything leaves in snow makes finding trails and tracks easy, yet the crispy snow counteracts that advantage by making every step a challenge to keep silent. The slightest noise, after all, has the potential to warn away suspicious prey in the muted hush of winter. Sigh … the atmosphere is fresh, revitalizing, invigorating! After some dallying (see: twirling and pirouetting), she stops at the center of the artificial lake. The blizzard that has kept away the mortals for several days has 'let up', so the constellations and moon above are visible, even in the midst of a great mortal city. Most likely her father is responsible. Maybe she'll thank him later. For now, she'll take in the beautiful moonlit expanse of a winter wonderland. Looking up, though … another thing she loves are the hypnotizing puffs of air from her breath. It's not as intricate as the smoke of sacrifices, but nonetheless enchanting after its own fashion. She can't control the lilting tendrils of offerings, but she can manipulate her exhales to create fascinating shapes that hang in the air. Nonetheless, she leaves the traceries she's created, planting her foot to push o- CRRKK. A massive groan reverberates, and the ice shudders. The goddess of the moon freezes in place, a statue mid dance in the center of the body of water. She knows the sound well - the tell-tale crack of unstable ice. She can never forget it. One of her Hunters had died because of it more than a millennium ago. A river the group crossed appeared frozen, but one misstep and the girl had been swept underneath the surface of the ice and away by the fast moving current underneath the surface. They'd retrieved her, even been able to get her breathing again. But her Hunter had never woken. Left in a coma, brain dead and unresponsive. The ninth death within her enclave. Rather mem- rather, rather memorable because it had been when she'd begun (infrequently) initiating new Hunters to her core group to keep their numbers … level. The flash of thought passes, and Artemis pales as the creaking sound continues again at an even greater volume. Before she can react, the ice fragments beneath her. She flounders, toppling as her feet submerge. She desperately tries to move forward to stabilize, but the sudden movement only causes the ice before her to rise. As her movements further unbalance the platform of ice she's on, her disproportionate weight causes the ice to tilt. It's as if a slippery hill is growing in front of her, intent on sending her flailing back into the icy lake. A snap glance to the side makes it evident that there is little around to help her out of her predicament. As her thighs completely sink into the numbing water, she's considering abusing her powers to get herself out. But it is utterly humiliating to do so, even with no witnesses around. Using her powers to escape from something as simple as falling through ice? Her own conscience will torture her for decades, even centuries. So she panics. However futile, Artemis's hands instinctively attempt to find purchase somewhere, anywhere, to be foiled by the uncompromising ice. The choice to teleport away before falling in is denied to her, though, when the lake abruptly ceases to swallow her. Instead, like a new wave swallowing the riptide, the arctic waters shove her away, vomiting her back onto the ice in a crawling position. The goddess instantly scrambles to her feet. She cannot allow herself to be completely off balance and so off kilter. Yet her sluggish limbs betray her, and she falls once again. Before her face plants itself painfully onto the (mostly) frozen lake surface, a pair of stable hands locks around her waist, preventing further loss of her dignity. But in the next second, she finds proper footing and claws her way out, spinning away. A bow of purest silver is already in her hands, the string twanging back and forth. The arrow it once held is airborne, long gone from its nocked position. "Shit!" the boy who'd steadied her yelps. At such close range, the arrow seems to have passed cleanly through his side. Only a flesh wound. Either her aim is debilitated by the cold, or he dodges fast enough to redirect potentially lethal hits somewhere safer. "What in Hades was that for?" "Don't -" the word is abruptly bitten off as Artemis bends over to try to catch a proper breath. The shivering makes such difficult, but she gets enough oxygen soon enough. She rights herself, dismissing the bow she'd summoned back into the ether. "Touch me…" she finishes awkwardly, in a hiss that warbles away as she realizes who the boy - no, the man - is before her. It explains why her clothes are dry again without her behest, at the very least. "No need to try and push me into the water too," replies Percy Jackson, green eyes rising to meet her own. She inspects