" In books, as in life, there are no second chances. On second thought: it's the next work, still to be written, that offers the second chance." Cynthia Ozick Inhale. Slow, calm. Exhale. The sound of his own breathing reverberated in Percy's ears, carried by the heady acoustics of the surrounding icy water. The noise is all too encompassing, accompanied and intensified by the rhythmic beat and rush of his heart and blood. Though there are other noises aplenty: the rasp of shifting plants in the lazy current, the occasional pop/grunt/hum of the few fish still awake (he'd mentally shut them out already), the funny bubbling noises that naiads made while hibernating, and the thrumming laser-esque sound of the ice cracking and creaking. Breaking the ice sheet over The Reservoir had sounded strange enough on the surface, dispersing synthetic ray-gun sounds long after he'd broken through. The vibrations created by his entry were still echoing through the water a good ten minutes since he'd dove in and reformed the hole he'd made. It was odd, but not annoying. So with his quasi-heat sensitive vision and some light filtering through the quite-thin ice, he'd found his way to pretty much the center of the reservoir (far from everything else), and then just … floated. There was that tiny part of him still skittish of drowning, but he mostly got over that feeling after the initial dive. Too much of him still found solace in the ebb and flow of a large body of water to consider his irrational (at least for him) fear. The sea was preferable, but a man-made lake would do. And he needed that solace, because in the forty minutes it took him to get to Central Park (ten going down the elevator torturing his ears with Apollo's voice and another thirty meandering the streets), he still felt on edge. The Solstice had been fine. It had been pretty rad for the Romans to be invited this year, and see them mucking about the party. Besides that, there was nothing 'big,' just a few pointless commemorations that Percy had to stand around pretty for because some of the gods (see: Zeus) wanted to still celebrate their victory five months ago. There hadn't even been any award ceremony, though that was a plus in his opinion. He wasn't sure how he could refuse the "any gift" if the Olympians offered again. Those things hadn't been the issue, no. Nor had been all the curious minor gods and other people around, or the few suckups that tried to kiss up to him or get something out of him. No, Percy's unease was instinctual - because he knew something was coming between him and Annabeth. He wasn't sure exactly what it was yet - and that made it all the more frustrating. They'd hung out often enough, just about every other day, since summer ended, even though he was still attending Goode and Annabeth was doing some apprenticeship thing with some big-name architect. Everything was enjoyable, pleasant - happy? But his beloved girlfriend was hiding something. To be fair, he was hiding things too. Various feelings and thoughts he'd been bottling up for at least half a year, if not longer. Probably longer, given his life. The past five years of his life had been one clusterfuck after another, and the two most intense ones had been stacked together in the past year and a half. Scratch that. Year, because he fucking lost six months because of gods damned Lady "Mother-Knows-Best." Percy was sure he loved Annabeth, that wasn't an issue. He was certain of that, as certain as he was that Annabeth loved him just as much. But secrets had begun to crop up after the end of the Giants. They meshed along wonderfully before - before all that crap. But now that feeling was starting to go away, ever so slowly. Most recently, within maybe the past month, it more felt like they were meeting up for more routine than anything else. That they weren't interested in sharing anything about what had been going on with their lives much, just hanging out together for the sake of it, not because they really wanted to. Or at least, want as much. He'd … enjoyed it nonetheless? But it had also been vaguely uncomfortable to the extreme, with a palpable tension sitting on his spine. Percy sighed plaintively, disturbing the water around him. He missed the symbolic hair 'highlight' they shared. Things were so much simpler back then. Everything had come to head a few hours ago. They hadn't met for a week prior to the Solstice. They'd still Iris-Messaged plenty but didn't actually spend time with each other face to face. It'd been short little 'hey Seaweed Brain how you doing?'s that didn't lead anywhere. And then he'd thought it was just sorta said that they would be going to the Solstice together. But of course, then Annabeth seemed a touch irritated when they'd met up outside the gates of the palace. She hadn't said anything explicitly, but he could tell by the way she eyed him before she realized he was paying attention. Then she'd offered to guide all the rest of the Seven around Olympus, in part because they'd never been there before and in part to show off her work (and it was indeed architecture worth showing off). It was at that point he realized he didn't really want to go along. He just … was too tired. Of Olympus. Of the mythological world. Of Annabeth, of school, of life. So he'd given his friends a goodbye, kissed Annabeth goodnight (she seemed resigned), and left. Percy hadn't wanted to return home immediately, though. He wanted to just go out and wallow and sulk until he got all the emo out of his system. If it got out of his system. But he couldn't stand being like this, he wasn't normally like this. He needed to reset. Now he was here, in the depths of a lake in the middle of the night. Well, he'd been through weirder things. And while thinking wasn't his preferred activity - instinct was his lifeblood - he had to in order to solve this problem. Here in the mostly quiet - except there was a new noise, and he couldn't tell what was making it. Some kind of sliding, almost grating , constant and right above hi - CRRKK. A massive groan thundered, and the force pulsed down into the water and through his body. It wasn't massive, more akin to a slightly too loud bass from someone turning up their radio too much, but it shocked Percy out of his reverie. What kind of idiot would skate on thin ice? Percy propelled himself upward, even as the creaking sound continued, even louder. It was hard to see amongst the splashing and rippling, but the struggling by whoever it was up there was all too obvious. Nearing the surface, Percy reassessed the situation - the person was floundering far too much to just grab hold and push back up and was beginning to sink further. So with nary another thought, he willed the water to spit the person back out and followed whoever it was on the ice. Well, considering wet clothing clinging to skin and curves and all, it was a girl. Certainly one with spirit, as she was already trying to get up, even if she was still a bit thrown and falling over again. Naturally, before whoever she was could fall on her face and break the ice again, Percy came to rescue her. He aimed to grab her hands, but she'd extended them to shield herself and he couldn't reach. Instead, he locked his hands at her waist and righted her. A second later, barely even having found her footing, the girl clawed her way out and knocked him back. A flash of light from somewhere too fast to tell blinded him, and then pain lanced through his side. "Shit! What in Hades was that for?" He yelped, blinking quickly to clear his eyes and focused on using the residue water around to heal whatever bruise the crazy person made. So much for the rescue instincts he'd developed while working as a lifeguard at a local pool if that was what he got. "Don't -" The girl gasped for a proper breath, shuddering too obvious in her voice. A beat too late, she awkwardly finished with her sentence off in a (was that surprised?) hiss. "Touch me …" "No need to try and push me into the water too." Percy snarked, looking up to meet the girl's eyes. They're strange - very bright, sorta blue, but not a natural color? It's hard to tell in just the light of the full moon, as luminous as it was. Slightly taken aback, his tone softened. "I was just trying to help, uhm, miss." If anything, though, she was equally confused, and now completely quiet, staring into his eyes quite unnervingly. "Uhm … ?" He paused, cocking his head in confusion. "I was trying to get a name there." She tsked and turned sharply away to the side, her dark hair and silver blouse fluttering into the air. Since she wasn't answering, Percy took the moment to observe the ungrateful … woman? She seemed about his age, really, even if she was maybe six inches shorter than him. Her skin was as pale as bone in contrast to her black leggings, and was she wearing moccasins? She was probably cold as all hell, with how little she was wearing. Maybe she liked the cold, but if he hadn't dried her off when he'd pulled her upright a moment ago, she would've been shivering. Of course, with how rude she had already been, it was no surprise she ignored his question to ask her own, not even bothering to introduce herself. Not that it mattered too much. With her porcelain skin and silver clothing and the moon above, he already had half a nickname in mind. "Why are you not at the celebration?" "How do you know about -" Percy began askancely, before realization dawned. "Oh. You're not mortal." He facepalms, rubbing some feeling back into his face. "Herp derp, I'm dumb. How else would I have got hurt? I thought you accidentally ripped a hole in my shirt while trying to stand or something." "Clearly." She straightened defiantly, and Percy decided to just keep quiet. She seemed quite pushy … "Well?" "Oh - question, right, right. I left right after all the awards," muttered the Son of the Sea, "Wanted some quiet time. Annabeth and I -" A frown flashed across his face as he thought of Annabeth again. Well, if the girl knew who he was, then she probably knew of Annabeth too. "Well, never mind - Annabeth is showing off her work to the rest of the Seven, so I slipped out." The girl's brow furrowed in thought, and far be it him to know what she was thinking about. Though what was she doing here exactly? "Back at you, then. Why're you down here?" Percy frowned fully this time. "Whoever you are. You still haven't given me your name." The girl looked back to him, and after a moment's consideration, she answered. "Luna." And that only solidified his hunch. Percy was pretty sure the girl wasn't a Hunter, but the vibe of the Hunt was one hundred percent there from the silver blouse and somewhat aggressive personality. There was even the outdoorsy feel from the shoes. And with the root meaning of her name (Percy blamed English class, though Luna was pretty damn recognizable), it seemed all the more fitting. "And for the same reason." He looked to the ice beside them, and with a thought pushed it to freeze over once more. What to say, then? She said she also wanted quiet time, so maybe he should