WARNINGS: This story will center around a homosexual relationship between Bella Swan & Tanya Denali. I'd also like to point out the current rating of the story, Mature (Fancy way of saying 18, and over) . I have selected this rating for good reason as this work of fiction will contain adult content, smut, foul language, triggering scenes, and violence. This story is a complete AU based off the 2008 movie Twilight. Recap: Language, scenes that may be triggering for some, smut, homosexual and heterosexual relationships, violence, and adult content. Disclaimer: Now as to my least favorite part. The disclaimer. I hate having to admit this, but I own nothing except my writings, and ideas. This story is based off the 2008 movie, Twilight. I do not own or claim to own the movies/books. I make no profits off this. AN: I recently discovered that a piece of my exposition wasn't true. It does actually snow in Arizona. I'd like to thank the Anon that brought this to my attention. You truly learn new things every day! I also went back and fixed a few errors I noticed and added a bit more detail to certain things. The changes are so small you probably won't notice them. Thank you! Summary: Bella is a ward of the state just trying to survive. Tanya is a centuries old vampire that takes up teaching at the local high school to pass the time. A connection quickly forms and changes the course of both their lives forever. I do a good job of blocking painful, unnecessary things from my memory. Bella Swan, Twilight, Chapter 1, p.6 Chapter One: The duffel bag felt like it was full of bricks. She was beyond exhausted. Between the three hour wait time at Arizona's National Airport that Bella had spent sipping a cold Pepsi at a small restaurant that had been conveniently close to her gate, and the five hour turbulence filled plane ride that had almost made the Pepsi come up, Bella was understandably ready for a long nap. She'd landed in Healy, Alaska approximately twenty minutes ago. This airport was tiny compared to the one in Phoenix. It was also filled to the brim with other travelers. It was the definition of chaos. People were grabbing luggage, and hollering for family members. People had bumped into her, and pushed her without so much as a glance back. It was like she wasn't even there. All the movement and noise made Bella's temples throb. Bella tried not to run into anyone as she moved towards the airport doors. Dave, her third social worker over the past three years, had been vague in his instruction about what to do when she landed. Dave had only told Bella that the family was looking forward to meeting her, and that they would be waiting to pick her up outside of the airport when her flight was grounded. Bella pulled the hood of her coat up around her head, and moved her free hand into her coat pocket. She managed to push the door open with her hip. The Alaskan air held a sharp bite, and it made Bella's cheeks burn. It was colder than she had imagined. It was definitely a huge change from her usual setting in Phoenix. It was December. In Arizona it had been extremely humid. Alaska seemed to be the polar opposite. Bella's breath came out in barely visible clouds that hung in front of her face. Beyond the airport parking lot she could see miles and miles of thick snow, a extremely dense vegetation population, and a skyline that was interrupted by the sharp summit of the mountains. Bella had only ever seen pictures of mountains in her books. The rocky outline seemed to go on for miles. Even though the view was breathtaking, it wasn't enough to lift her mood. It had been Dave's idea to relocate her to Alaska, and no one had asked for Bella's opinion. To the government it was simple. If there was a family in Alaska willing to play the gracious role of host for a measly check of three hundred a month, then it was a done deal. They shipped the kid off to live with strangers without another thought. Bella had spent her whole life moving around. She'd been to eight different states in the past six years alone. She was used to new. She'd stayed with all kinds of families. Some were nice enough, and others had preferred to keep their interactions with the foster kid to a minimum. Her whole body felt cold, and she tucked her face into her hood. She heard the crappy engine, before she saw the car. A rusty red Chevy pickup jerked into the parking lot. Bella watched it circle the lot before it rumbled to a slow stop right in front of her. The windows were almost completely frosted over making it impossible for Bella to see inside the cab. She just stood there for a few seconds, and then the passenger door flew open. She quickly stepped back. The woman that emerged from the truck looked to be in questionable condition. Bella would have guessed the woman was somewhere in her late forties. She was a little taller than Bella, and looked extremely frail. "Hey," the woman looked at her for a quick moment. "You Isabella?" "Just Bella," she responded. "I'm Sarah. We're your new foster family." Bella only nodded. She'd been through this over a dozen times. It was almost always the same. "Just one bag?" the woman gestured to Bella's worn down duffel. She had purchased the forest green duffel bag somewhere between Kansas and Iowa for ten dollars in a thrift shop. The medium sized bag had been her only constant companion for just over three years. She had quickly learned to pack light. When Bella was first put into the system she lugged toys, clothes, and pictures from her past life with her. Over time her possessions had dwindled. Some items had been stolen by other foster kids, and some things she had been forced to leave behind. All her belongings now fit easily in her bag. A few articles of clothing, necessary toiletries, and a single picture of her mother. "I don't have much," Bella answered. Sarah seemed to think about it for a minute, and then she opened the back door of the truck. Bella watched as Sarah pushed trash out of the seat and onto the floorboard. The back of the truck was littered with empty cigarette packs, fast food wrappers, and crushed beer cans. The aluminum crunched under her feet as Bella hopped up into the truck. Sarah closed the door behind her, and then sat back in the passengers seat. The truck pulled off fast, and was moving away from the crowded airport at a high speed. The man in the drivers seat was smoking a cigarette, and the smoke permeated throughout the car. It made Bella's eyes sting. Metallica blasted from the trucks speaker system. "Jesus, Buck. Turn it down" Sarah shouted over the music. The man only grunted in response. Sarah looked even smaller inside of the truck. Bella couldn't help but think Sarah might shatter into a million pieces and drift out the open window every time Buck hit a speed bump. Sarah rolled her eyes, and switched off the radio herself. "This is Buck, my husband," she smiled. Buck smacked her hand away from the knobs. "Can't even listen to the damn radio in my own fucking truck," he mumbled to himself, but he didn't move to turn the music back on. Sarah continued on like he hadn't spoken at all. "We've got our son Mike living with us. He's seventeen, only one year older than you. I'm sure you'll love him." Every kid in the system was used to packed houses. Bella's last family in Phoenix had seven other foster kids; she had shared a small room with five other girls. Having only one other kid in the house was going to be a nice change. "You'll be going to the same school he does. Central High. Me, and Buck went there ourselves," Sarah smiled sadly. "A damn waste of time that shit was," Buck said as he shifted the trucks gears and flicked his cigarette out the window. Sarah shook her head, and leaned on the arm rest. "Don't listen to Buck. Best years of my life." "You dropped out," Buck chuckled from beside her. "The only decent thing you got out of that was me, woman." "Course," Sarah nodded, and turned back around in her seat. Bella took that as the end of the conversation. Bella had always been the new girl. Never staying at one school for more than a year. She should have been used to first days, but they never got any easier no matter how many times she went through them. The thought of Central High School made her stomach turn. Bella quickly averted her line of thought before she hurled in the backseat. That would make a great first impression on her new fosters. The truck made a sharp turn and pulled into a dirt drive way that was covered in a fresh layer of snow. Bella peered out the window, and immediately recoiled. The house was a poor sight. The paint looked like it had once been a brilliant shade of white, but it had been reduced to a murky gray over time. The roof was covered with small holes. Trash was scattered about the front yard. Buck turned off the engine, and hoisted himself out of the drivers seat without a word. Bella watched as he stomped through the snow, up the steps, and into the house. "He's always an asshole. Don't take it to heart," Sarah said as she unbuckled her seat belt and opened the passenger side door. Bella grabbed her bag, and hopped out of the truck. The snow covered her plain black sneakers and immediately soaked her socks. Bella cursed under her breath. Sarah was already halfway to the house. Bella reluctantly followed. The stairs that led to the porch were in a pathetic state of disrepair. The bottom two steps had completely collapsed, and the other three stairs looked like they could cave at any second. Bella gripped the rail tight as she tiptoed up them after Sarah. Their house, like their car, was messy to say the least. The living room had brown walls, and a rough beige carpet. A dark couch was placed directly in the center of the room, with a small television in front of it. The lighting was poor, but Bella could still see the dirty dishes that sat long forgotten on the coffee table, and the beer cans that had been stuffed under the couch. "Come on," Sarah placed her hand on Bella's back. "I'll show you the downstairs area, and my son will show you to your room." Bella was guided into the next part of the house. The kitchen wasn't much better than the living room. The walls were painted a gaudy shade of yellow. Some of the dark brown cabinets were missing their doors. The sink was overflowing with dishes that still had pieces of old food stuck to them. The stove was covered in grease. It was a shock the government had deemed the house livable, let alone allowed them to foster kids in it. "You're welcome to anything in the fridge," Sarah said. "Thanks," Bella replied. She didn't want to go near the fridge, let alone eat from it. Sarah walked back out into the living room and yelled upstairs. "Mike, your new sister is here!" Bella tried not to focus to hard on the dirty carpet, or the stains on the couch. She had stayed in some shady places, but this house topped the list. Bella knew she couldn't complain about it. This family had to work out