PROJECT PROTECTION "Hi, Angela," I said as quietly as possible. I clutched the phone to my face with one hand and held my pillows tight over my head with the other. I didn't want my conversation to be heard. "Bella? Is that you? I can hardly hear you." "Yes, sorry," I spoke slightly louder and felt the sweat break out over my body. I was so afraid I would be caught. "What's going on?" "I'm coming over to your house for dinner, okay?" "Okay, but..." "I have to go," I said, cutting her off. "See you soon." I hung up the phone and pushed the pillows off my head. My body relaxed as I realized I had got away with the phone call – I could hear Dad's voice downstairs. I took a deep breath, preparing to face Dad, and nonchalantly wandered downstairs to join him in the living room. He was sitting on the couch, engrossed in a program on the television, so he didn't see me sneak the phone back into its cradle. Ten minutes later, there was a knock at the door, and Dad heaved himself up to answer it. "Hi, Mr. Swan," I heard Angela say when he opened the door. "Mom asked me to come over and see if Bella can come to our house for dinner." "Well," Dad said slowly, obviously thinking of a way to say no. I held my breath and prayed he would say yes. "Okay, come in while she gets ready." I fought to get my face under control, a massive smile trying to stretch across it which could ruin my plans if Dad saw it. "Angela is here – you have been invited to her house for dinner." I looked up, pretending to be surprised. "Oh, okay, cool." I ran to get my coat and boots. As I walked back down the stairs, I heard Angela talking. "Can she stay the night? We rented some movies." I groaned quietly to myself; she was pushing our luck. There was no way Dad would allow that, and we both knew it. "No, but she can stay for one, as long as it is rated G." I started breathing again as the relief and surprise swept through me. He must have been in a good mood to let me out for more than just food. "Be home by ten," he said as I took Angela's arm and dragged her from the house. "And no boys. If I see that Mike kid within ten feet of you, I will shoot him." I grabbed my bag, nodded, and backed quickly out of the house before he could change his mind or decide to question me. I didn't dare feel free until Angela's front door closed behind me. I was sure he was following me, keeping in the shadows, just about to jump out and drag me home. Angela watched me with a worried look as I leaned against the door panting. "Bella?" "Thank you for that." "No problem. Why did you want to come over?" "Your parents won't mind, will they?" I asked, realizing I hadn't checked before I invited myself. "I won't eat much." "That's fine, but I'm going to Jacob's party soon. Did you forget?" "No, that's why I'm here. I want to go to the party." "Oh, Bella, you can't. Your dad will kill you." It was true. If Dad found out I was going to a party, he would want to kill me. I was lucky he allowed me to got to school, let alone have any friends. Dad's way of protecting me was to keep me away from anything and everything that could endanger my innocence. When I turned fifteen, he withdrew me from school, but I went back a month later when he realized he couldn't teach me. I was expected home no more than half an hour after school, and if I was allowed out during the weekend, my curfew was always ten. "I'm going," I said firmly. There was no way I was missing another party. "Okay, but I hope he doesn't find out. He might blame me, and I will never see you again." Angela shook her head, and we went to eat. After dinner, I raided her wardrobe and we both got dressed up. The party was in full swing when we arrived, with music vibrating the windows and people everywhere. It took us a full ten minutes to find Jacob. "Bella!" he yelled when he saw me. "I can't believe you came!" he wrapped his arms around me, lifted me, and swung me around. I screamed and slapped at his shoulders, pretending to try and get him to put me down. "Jacob, don't do that." "I can't help it – I'm happy you are here. Come get a drink." We had completely forgotten about Angela as we pushed our way through the crowd to the drinks table. He offered me a cup of beer from the keg but I turned it down, worried that Dad would smell it on me. I poured a cup of lemonade, and Jacob took me on a tour of his house. He held my hand the whole time, keeping me safe behind him when it got crowded. "This is my room," he said as he shut the door behind us. "Very cool," I said as I looked around at the mess. I left him standing at the door and sat on the edge of the bed, looking back up at him. "So, who are all those people out there?" I asked, trying to fill the silence. "Oh, mostly people from school, but I think they invited some others. There are some college guys here." I nodded and watched as he nervously sat beside me. I moved over to close the gap between us and put my hand on his knee. He leaned back on the hand he placed behind me and turned to look at me. He was so close, and all I could do was look at his lips. With a quick lick, I dampened my lips and leaned towards him. He closed the remaining distance, and I shut my eyes as our lips met. His breath was warm on my face. My hands instinctively reached up to his face to hold it firmly against mine. He opened his mouth slightly, and I could feel his tongue on my lips. I opened mine and our tongues met, making my heart speed up. His hand drifted across my stomach as he turned towards me, and I felt him coaxing me backwards. As I lay back, he followed me, keeping our lips together, our tongues massaging each other. He lay slightly on top of me, one of his legs between mine, and started rubbing his hips against me. "Bella," he whispered as he broke away from my lips and started moving them down my neck. Suddenly, I realized what was happening. I was alone with a boy, in the boy's room, lying on his bed, letting him touch and kiss me. My dad's conditioning kicked in and I felt the urge to protect my innocence, even though I couldn't care less about that. "Jacob," I said, trying to get his attention. With a grunt, he started massaging my breast. "Stop," I said, pushing him away. He rolled away and threw his arm over his eyes. "Sorry," I said remorsefully. "We need to stop. I can't do this right now." When he didn't move or make a sound, I adjusted my clothes and left the room, shutting the door behind me. I felt disappointed; I liked Jacob, and I wanted to be with him, but I was too damaged by my dad to go through with it. With tears pooling in my eyes, I found Angela, who was dancing with a group of girls from school. She could see I was upset, so she just nodded when I said I was going home. I walked for a few minutes before my eyes cleared enough to check my watch. My stomach heaved, and I broke out in a sweat when I realized I had less than a minute to get home before curfew. I started running even though I knew it would take me at least ten minutes to get home. I would have screamed when a car pulled up beside me, but I was breathless and panicking. "Bella, get in," the driver said. I looked over to see Edward behind the wheel. With a massive wave of relief surging through my body, I opened the passenger door and jumped into the still moving car. "You're cutting it fine," he said while I panted. "Charlie is going to be livid." "I know. Can you drop me off at the bus stop? I'm going to run away to Canada." Edward laughed, thinking I was joking, but I was pretty desperate and very serious. "I will cover for you," he said as he reached back for a sweater from his back seat. "Here, put this on. You need to cover that outfit or nothing I say will save you." I glanced down and realized I was still wearing Angela's party clothes. I would be able to sneak the tight jeans past Dad, but not the low-cut top. Quickly, I licked my fingers and scrubbed them over my eyes, removing the makeup. As we drove up the driveway, I felt my heart begin to race. I was five minutes late, and I had no idea what Dad would do to me. The house door opened as I stepped out of the car, and I wrapped my arms around myself like armor. "You are late," Dad said as I passed him. "I know. I'm sorry," I said, bowing my head, ready for my punishment. "It's my fault, Charlie," Edward said as he came up behind me. "I picked her up so she didn't have to walk home, and I needed to go to the shops." "What time did you pick her up?" Dad asked, his eyes narrowing with suspicion. "Just before nine. She was with Angela." I was in a state of numb shock, which disguised my amazement at Edward's lying skills. Every question made me panic, my heart racing and hands sweating, but he answered calmly and confidently. "What shops did you go to?" "Just the 24-hour supermarket in town. I needed supplies for when I go back to the apartment." "Do you need money?" "No, I have enough." "Right. Go to bed, Bella," Dad said gruffly. "'Night," I squeaked as I scampered up the stairs. I collapsed on my bed, trying to calm my body. I had never broken curfew, and I was grateful to Edward for saving me. I didn't even know he was in town; usually, he let me know when he was going to visit. I thanked my lucky stars that he was here and that Dad trusted him implicitly, especially when it came to me. I could hear their voices drifting up the stairs. "Charlie, don't you think it's a bit harsh giving her a curfew? She's eighteen." "No, I am protecting her. Eighteen-year-olds shouldn't be allowed to do what they want, when they want. I know what some of them get up to." "She will be going to college soon. How will you protect her then?" "I will find a way. I'm trying to convince her to take a year off and stay home." "Charlie, you can't to that. She is very smart, and she deserves to go to college and get on with her life." "She is still young," Dad said, his tone becoming angry. "Don't argue this with me. If you don't like it, you don't have to keep coming back. You are a good kid, and I regret that it didn't work out with your mother, but do not question me in my own house." There was silence, showing Edward had given up before he