A/N: TW for some transphobia, though at least one of them gets what's coming to them if that helps. I'm very nervous about posting this. It's actually part of a larger story, but being cis, I don't really feel I have the right to write about trans characters. I don't want to do trans people's experiences injustice, nor do I want to claim to be speaking on their behalf. I'm just someone very interested in gender and how it shapes us as people, and it has led me to read a lot about trans people and their experiences, and that again led me to be inspired to write a bigger story about trans-Sirius. This is actually quite far into the story, but it was fairly stand-alone, and also fit a wolfstar introvert club prompt, even though this is like two and a half weeks late because I chickened out. So figured I'd test the waters with this. If you find anything in this story offensive to you or believe it may be to others, let me know. I'm spklvr on Tumblr. If you want strict HP, I'm not the blog to follow, (though a lot of what I reblog is HP) but feel free to drop by and say hi. Be Mine (The One that Sings the Right Songs) It was Friday afternoon. Classes were over, and Sirius was cuddled up with his not-boyfriend Remus on their loveseat in the living-room while his not-boyfriend was working on an assignment on his laptop. James lay lazily in an armchair with a book precariously balanced on his knee, while Lily was sat on the floor in front of him, a book in her lap and her laptop on the coffee table. She had spurts of furious typing followed by long minutes of staring blankly at the screen. Peter was cooking dinner in the kitchen of their shared home, a small townhouse with one and a half bathrooms and four bedrooms. One of which should not be counted as such but they needed the rent money and Peter didn't mind. Peter, who was training to be a chef, came in with dinner, setting the plates out on the coffee table. It looked and smelled delicious, and everyone muttered a thanks that was far more grateful than it sounded, but the energy in the room was low. "Guys," Lily started, putting her book aside for a moment. "Would you mind terribly if I screamed for a little bit?" "Go ahead," Remus said, and the others nodded in agreement. "AAAAAAHHHHHHH!" She screamed for approximately thirty seconds, then came to a stop, taking in a deep breath before grabbing her food to eat. "What are we doing here!" James moaned. "It's Friday! We should be going out! Go to a club! Who's with me?" Silence filled the room. "I'm with you," Sirius said, not all that enthusiastically. They'd been going out a lot lately, currently on an hiatus due to upcoming exams, and while it had been fun, Sirius found himself enjoying the peace as well. Especially the near constantly snuggled up to Remus part of it. He'd sort of hoped they'd stay in and watch Netflix together, just the two of them. "Great!" James said and turned to Remus. "Moony, how about you? Don't you want to pull?" "Suffering at the club for several hours isn't really worth it when I could just do it with Sirius." "Excuse me?" Sirius said. "Do you think I'm just available for you to have sex with whenever you want to?" "Do you want to have sex now?" "I mean… are you for real or just trying to make a point?" He shrugged. "I'm ahead of schedule. I could spare an hour or two." "No!" James shouted. "None of you will be having sex because then you'll be sated and not want to go out! Peter!" Peter yelped and dropped some pasta on the floor. "How about you? You in?" "When have I ever gone clubbing with you?" Peter said as he cleaned up the food. "And besides, you only ever go to gay clubs. How would I pull there?" "There are plenty of straight girls at gay clubs," Lily explained, her focus half on her book and half on the food. "And seeing as they exploit gay men for their voyeurism they deserve to get hit on when they least expect it." "So Peter will be joining," James decided and ignored Peter's grimace. "Lily, only you left." She sighed loudly and finally gave him her attention. "I've got to write 900 words by 11.59 p.m. I cannot go clubbing with you!" "You can do it! I believe in you. And we'll just make a late night out of it. Nothing happens until midnight anyhow. We can go to that club we went to that served those great cocktails. What was it called?" "The cockhold," Sirius said. "Right. And I'll do your nails and hair, so you can just focus on the paper- What are you chuckling for?" Lily was having a silent giggle fit and could barely speak. "I was just reminded of the time your mum caught us having sex and she was so surprised because she thought I was just your beard." "Yes. Yes. I'm comfortable with my own masculinity and feminine side. Mock me all you want." "I'm not mocking you," Lily said and pulled him down by the shirt to give his cheek a loud kiss. "I think you're a bloody brilliant boyfriend and if you do my nails and hair, I'll go clubbing with you." "Yes! We're all gonna pull tonight." "I'm on my period, remember?" "You're all gonna pull and I might get a blowjob." She flipped him off with a playful smirk on her face and returned to her assignment. Sirius looked to Remus, who had at some point put headphones in and was watching some gaming video on youtube, and thought perhaps Remus wanted to have sex with him after all even if they were going out. He opted not to mention it, and James was right. Beyonce being at that club tonight couldn't get him to go out once he was snuggled up in bed with Remus. At eleven Lily exited her and James' bedroom wearing a tight blue top and ripped black jeans, which she pulled a black leather jacket over. "Are you wearing that?" James asked, looking positively offended. "What's wrong with it?" "We're going clubbing, not to church." "It's November!" she groaned and sat back down in front of her computer. "Now do my hair! Tight ponytail?" "Yeah, I think that'll look good with this," James said and sighed. He was wearing a tight black t-shirt and jeans that would cut off his circulation soon, and stood awkwardly behind Lily as he started brushing through her hair. Remus and Sirius had just come down the stairs as well and James gave them a look equally disapproving. "You too. What's with all the clothes." Remus was wearing a thick jumper that wasn't club worthy at all, and Sirius a leather jacket over his black vest and black jeans. "It's November," Sirius repeated and James rolled his eyes. "You're cowards, all of you! And I need to straighten your hair. This brush is doing nothing." He put the brush down and stomped back to their bedroom. When James left, Peter emerged as well. He was wearing a patterned jumper and loose fitted jeans. They all made a face at the sight. "You need to change, love," Lily said. "Before James sees you and has a fit," Sirius added. "What's gotten into him anyway?" Peter asked. "I've never seen him like this. He's normally the one I can convince to stay in and play games with." "It's the stress," Remus explained. "He doesn't deal with it well, and getting a bit pissed and dancing relieves it for a while." Remus sat down next to Lily, while Sirius took it upon himself to find Peter a proper clubbing outfit. He brought him back into Peter's room, which smelled strongly of the spices he stored in his drawers, as they did not all fit in their small kitchen. They eventually decided on a white shirt, making it more casual by leaving a few buttons open, and he had to explain only black and white were appropriate clubbing colors due to sweat stain visibility. When they returned into the living room, Remus had apparently been roped into helping James straighten Lily's hair, and was used as a human hairclip and watched the iron with fear in his eyes while Lily obliviously worked on her paper. "What do you think? Have I turned Peter into a sex god or have I turned Peter into a sex god?" "Total sex god," Lily said, barely looking up. "You look really nice, Peter," Remus said, which Peter seemed to take more seriously and blushed at the compliment. "Should we put some makeup on him?" Sirius asked. "Please don't," Peter pleaded. James looked up and studied Peter closely. "Maybe fill in his eyebrows a bit," he said. "James! Holding a very hot object close to my hand!" Remus said with panic in his voice. "Padfoot, please take Moony's place. He's the worst human hairclip ever." Sirius waved him off, thinking scared Remus was incredibly cute and knowing James had years of experience, from the period of James' adolescence when he made an effort to have tidy hair. "What's wrong with my eyebrows?" Peter asked and went to the old mirror hung by their front door. "They have a nice shape. Just a bit sparse," James explained. He finished the last strand of Lily's hair and pulled it back into a tight ponytail. Remus immediately escaped, still scared of the straightener like it could burn him from where it lay on the coffee table. "I'm almost done," Lily said, closing her laptop. "I just need to read it through for spelling. I can do that on my phone, so we can leave now." James bounced off the floor and ran for the door and in one swift motion grabbed the car keys and threw them at Remus, who did not make an attempt to catch them. They hit his arm and landed with a loud clang on the floor. "Yes, sure, I will be the designated driver. No need to ask me or anything. Not like I can drink anyway so obviously I don't mind driving your drunk arses around all night. That's just fine and dandy." Remus' rant was mostly ignored. It was said jokingly anyhow, but Sirius still gave his hand a reassuring squeeze, silently letting him know he'd stay sober with him, before they headed out. James and Remus sat in front while the rest of them huddled up in the back, Lily continuing her paper on her phone. "I brought some vodka," James said and passed the bottle to the backseat. "Are you drinking straight vodka?" Peter said hesitantly, and took a very miniscule sip. He passed it on to Lilly who immediately passed it to Sirius without taking a sip or looking up from her phone. "Best way to get drunk fast," Sirius chuckled and took a few small sips as well before handing it to James who downed three shots worth, making Sirius cringe. To be drinking so much. James could not doing well, but as Lily had yet to intervene, he figured it was best to just let him party it off. "What are we listening to, chaps?" Remus asked, hooking up his phone to the aux while still driving on the narrow, traffic-less streets around their home. "Britney!" James shouted excitedly while the rest of them frowned. Even Lily gave her boyfriend a look, but clearly deemed it unimportant and continued work. Sirius put a hand on James' shoulder to get his attention. "Mate, we're not even close to drunk enough to enjoy Britney." "Speak for yourself." He took another