Not happening. (I"M NOT A MEDICAL EXPERT, ALL INFO WAS TAKEN OF MEDICAL WEBSITES!) (Edward's pov) "I love you to Bella but you need to sleep. Alice will be with you tomorrow if Carlisle keeps me hunting long. But I don't think that will happen" I say gently as I tuck Bella in. She sighs but nods her head. "Ok I guess I just have to trust you." She says sleepily. "Yes you do" I say as I kiss her. She sighs and I jump out the window. I flint to the spot Carlisle told me to meet him. "Hey son" He says as he jumps out of the tree. "Hi dad" I say. "Let's hunt and then we will talk" He says and I nod before running off. (1/2 hour later) "So why are we talking in the middle of the woods?" I ask as I sit on a fallen branch. "Because son, I didn't want the family to hear" he says. "ok" I say as he sits down. "Tomorrow morning when the mail comes to Bella's house there will be a letter in there from my office for an appointment I scheduled for her" He says. "For?" I ask confused since he was hiding his thoughts. "Edward you two had sex already" he says and I nod. "Bella needs to get a pelvic exam and a pap test" He says and if possible i paled even more. "You know she won't agree and will fight, god why couldn't I have waited until our honeymoon and then changed her!" I say and get up to pace. "Son she would have needed it as a vampire to, I done one our girls every ten years just because there vampire" He says. (info in sequel to this story called talk to me, forgive me) I groan and rub my hand down my face. "Ok and you want me to talk to her and get her to agree?" I ask. 'if you can otherwise esme agreed to talk to her.' He says. "Why are we out here if mom knows?" I ask. "Well esme found out by accident when she was looking through my desk calendar to see when the hospital ball is, and I didn't want the family to hear because Emmett would make fun of you and Bella and probably tell horror stories to her. And if you would lose control I don't really care about the woods as much as I much as I do about my furniture in my office" Dad says calmly. "Fine, I'm going home to change and then go to bells" I say and dad nods, I run off to the house and mom was sitting in my room. "Now Edward if she's to panicked bring her here and I can talk to her in my studio or your father study where no one will hear us." She says. "Thanks mom" I say as I look in my closet for clothes. Mom gets up and leaves and I find some jeans and a plain white button up t shirt. I quickly change, grab my tablet and run to Bella's house. I lay next to her and she cuddles. "Shh I'm here you're ok love" I say softly and he falls back asleep. I surf the internet while she sleeps. (Bella's POV/NEXT MORNING) When I get up I roll into something hard. I open my eyes and Edward is laying there smiling down at me. "You came back!" I say as I hug him. "Yeah I came back last night a few hours later" He says and kisses my forehead. "I'm going to take my human minute" I say and get up. "I'll go downstairs and start breakfast and Charlie is out of town for a week he was called in last night to Seattle" He says. "Ok" I call back and get in the shower. After I'm done I go downstairs and Edward is laying my plate on the table. "Thank you" I say as I sit down. "Anything for you love" he says as he sits down next to me. I eat and stare at the birds in the yard. "Hmm mails early today" I say as I finish eating. "I'll wash your plate" he says and I nod and put my shoes on. I go down to the mail box and grab the mail. I start to shuffle through it when I see a letter from Carlisle's office addressed to me. I pull it out and put it on top. When I get in the house Edward leans against the door frame. "You ok love?" he asks. "No why do I have a letter from your father's office?" I ask as I kick my shoes off and go to read it in the kitchen. "Just read it love, it's probably for your wellbeing" He says and sits next to me. I open it and start to read it. To Isabella Marie Swan Ms. Swan you have an appointment with Dr. C Cullen on the 4 th for your early physical. And you first pelvic exam, and Pap smear. Your appointment is at 11:45 a.m. I you have any questions please call the office. We have includes informational letters about the pelvic exam and Pap test. Sincerely The staff at Dr. C Cullen's office Phone number: 444 662 5553 "WHAT! NO EDWARD HE CANT BE SEROUS" I scream and stand up making the chair fly out from under me. "Love he's looking out for you, now please relax" Edward says calmly. "So you knew about this" I yell in anger. "Bella he talked to me last night about it and I know you don't want to but you need it" he says calmly. "Why couldn't we have waited to have sex until our honeymoon and then you changed me" I yell. " I said the same thing Bella and he said you still need one as a vampire, he does them to our girls every ten years" He says and stands up he opens his arms to hug me but I turn my back on him. "Just leave me alone to calm down" I say and put my shoes on. I grab my I pod and storm of into the woods. (Edward's pov) "Damn it!" I hiss and grab my phone. I quickly punch in Carlisle's home office number. " Yes son?" he asks. "Bella just flipped out and took off into the woods" I growl and start to pace. " Why didn't you follow her?" he asks "Because she wants to be alone to calm down, she's really mad" I say. " Your mother and I will go and look we'll say we were hunting, delete this phone call from your phone" he says and hangs up. I delete the phone call from my caller history and put my phone away. (Bella's POV) I walk the path I knew too well to calm down. I was finally calming down when I felt a cool breeze. I huff in annoyance and takeout one ear bud. "Edward I told you to leave me alone" I say in anger. "I'm not my son Bella" I hear esme says softly. I turn and she and Carlisle are standing there. My anger rises as I see Carlisle. I huff and turn around and go to put my ear bud back in. Her hand flies up and she stops me. "Please Bella just calm down there is nothing to fear" She says. "Yeah right esme, you don't mind him doing it to you because he's your husband" I say and get my wrist out of her grip. I pop my ear bud back in and go to walk off. I feel hands grab me and I scream. I fight Carlisle's grip not wanting him to touch me. He sets me down and I go to run. "Bella you can't out run us" esme yells. "STOP" Alice screams and I stop in shock. "You guys will get nowhere, Bella isn't going to talk to either of you, and I've seen it" She says. "Bella won't acknowledge you Carlisle, she is pissed that you made her appointment without talking to her" Alice says. Esme and Carlisle nod and leave. "Why were they out here" I hiss in anger. "Hunting" she says simply as she wraps her arms around me. I start to cry finally letting my motions out./ "Shh Bella its ok" she says softly. "I'm going to pick you up and take you back to your house and we'll talk there" she says before picking me up. A few minutes later I feel the familiar warmth of my house. "O my god Alice what's wrong?" he says. "She's not happy about seeing Carlisle" Alice says and I feel her climb the stairs. She sets me on my bed and I curl into a ball. "Shh honey its ok, can you try and forget about it, it's still two days away" she says softly. "No Alice, you don't know how embarrassing it is, to have my future father-in-law look at me down there! You guys probably don't know it but I think of Carlisle as my father, not Charlie! Carlisle is there a lot more for me than Charlie ever has been." I explode. "Shh let it out Bella, and I do know how embarrassing it is" Alice says. "How Carlisle probably does it in vampire speed for you three" I snap but instantly feel guilty. "I'm sorry Allie I'm jus stressed and I'm letting my emotions get to the best of me" I say. "Shh its ok bell and your wrong he doesn't do vampire speed for the fear he will miss something. Trust me rose and I would rather have him do it in vampire speed then slow human pace. We do know how awkward it is to have our father look at us down in our private parts." She says and there's a tap at my window. Rose is on the window sill. Alice gets up and open the window for her. "Bella can I come in?" she asks. "Sure I say nervously. "Bella relax I didn't come to be a bitch, I thought me and you got over that" she says and sits next to me and hugs me. "If it makes you feel better we can come with you" she says "Carlisle won't mind?" I asks. "Trust me he will let you have as many people as you need there. Including Edward" she says. "Ok"" I say and she smiles. "Just remember it won hurt as long as you don't fight him" She says. "Promise?" I ask. "I promise, but I won't go into further detail until the time of the exam, right now we're going to have a girls days" she says and holds up her keys. I laugh and they smile at me. "Edward is still here" Alice says. "I don't want to face him" I say embarrassed about how I acted this morning. "Ok" rose says and holds her arms out asking for permission. I nod and she picks me up. She jumps out the window. Alice follows and we go to rose's car. I get in the back with rose's help. "Where are we going?" I ask. "Port Angeles to see a movie, a little shopping and then we're taking you out to eat" Rose says as she is driving down my street. "Why don't you take a nap and we'll wake you up when we get there" Alice suggests. I nod and lay my head back since rose has the hood up. (An hour later) "Bella time to get up" I hear Alice and rose says. I groan but open my eyes. "We're here" Rose says and helps me out. We walk in and rose gets us tickets. Alice goes to get me some popcorn and a soda. When she's done we find the theater and Alice has me sit in