Attacked (Background info: Bella's parents died when she was little and esme and Carlisle adopted her, the rest of the Cullen's are away during this one shot. Bella is a huge daddy's girl) (a/n not a medical expert) Bella: Age 16 human Carlisle: Human age 350 vampire age 23 Esme: Human age 81 vampire age 24 (Bella's POV) "Bella dinner" mom calls. "Coming!" I call down and tart making my way down the stairs to the kitchen. When I get there mom sets my plate down. "Your father is going to be late he's in a meeting with the director" She says and I nod and start to eat. After I finish mom takes my plate and back upstairs to my room. I sit there for a while reading when there is a knock. I look up and smile. "Hi daddy" I say. "Hey sweetie can you come to my office I need to talk to you" he says. "Sure" I say nervously and stand up. We walk side by side to his office. He lets me go in first and motions for the chair across his desk. He sits behind his desk. He sighs and then looks at me. "I know your mother told you I was late because I had a meeting with the director" he says and I nod. "Well we talked about your yearly physical coming up and he won't let me do it" he says and tears prick at my eyes and i shake my head no. "I'm sorry sweetheart but he says he wants to see if you can handle it and if you can't after this one I will take them back over" he says softly but I still shake my head. "I already made you an appointment for next week with Dr. Collins " Daddy says and I cry. I run out of the office ignoring daddies pleads. I get to my room I jump on my bed and bury my head in my pillow. I stay with my head in my pillow even when there's a knock at my door. "Bella" Mommy says and I look up at her. "Baby what's wrong?" she asks. "Daddy is making me go to a different doctor for my check up because the director won't let him do my checkup" I sob. "Shh sweetheart its ok" Mommy says and hugs me. "Bella" Daddy says and I turn my back to him. "Honey I will be in the room as long as there no surgery planned for me" Daddy says and i still give him the cold shoulder. "OK goodnight baby I will see you in the morning" Daddy says and I turn and he walks away. I fall asleep in mommy's arms. (Next morning) When I get up I'm alone in my room. There's a note on my bed side table. Bella, I went hunting, your father is home and will make you breakfast as I left the ingredients for your favorite. Also please try to forgive your father. I know your upset sweetie but he can't go against the director or he will lose his job and maybe his license. I will see you when I get home Love mommy. I sigh and get up. I dress in sweat pants and a loose tank top. I walk downstairs and smell egg benedict. MY stomach starts to growl. I walk into the kitchen and dad is making breakfast for me. In my spot there's a glass of milk. "Morning baby girl" Daddy says as he walks to me with a plate. "Morning" I say quietly and start to eat. Daddy sits next to me with the newspaper. "Honey why are you so afraid of another doctor examining you?" daddy asks after i finish eating and the dishes are done. "Because my medical condition" I say and he nods. "Dr. Collins won't do anything your uncomfortable with" He says as he hugs me. "I know but it's awkward daddy with a male doctor" I say. "Shh its ok sweetie he won't do anything that you're afraid of our embarrassed of" Daddy says and I nod. "How about you go pick out some movies and we will watch them?" he suggests and I nod and run off. (A day before Bella's exam) I hear daddy in the kitchen talking as I watch TV. Daddy walks in with a grim look. "Well honey unfortunately that was the director from Seattle grace and the need me to come in tomorrow and help with a surgery" daddy says. "When?" I ask. "During your appointment" he says and I start to shake and cry. "Shh sweetheart it's ok, your mother can go with you" Daddy says as he wraps his arms around me. "No she can't she got called away on business" I cry, "How do you know this?" daddy asks. "Because she got called last night when you were at the hospital and won't be home until after my appointment" I say and daddy nods. "Shh sweetheart you're ok" He says as he holds me as I cry. I end up crying myself to sleep. (Next day) "Come on Bella your appointment is in twenty minutes" Daddy calls from downstairs. I walk down the stairs taking each one slowly. "Bella the slower you are the faster I need to drive and then I will only be able to drop you off" Daddy says and I pick up speed a little. We get in the car and daddy takes in m outfit. Sweatpants and a t shirt with a hoody. "At least you wore a t shirt and not a sweatshirt." He says and pulls out of the drive way. He speeds o the hospital and my heart races as we pull up to the building. Daddy pulls into his spot and turns the car off. He gets out and I get out with a glare. God I hate the hospital. Daddy comes and closes my car door and takes my hand and leads me into the hospital. "GO sit and I will check you in" he says softly. I nod and sit down with my knees up to my chest as daddy walks away to the nurse's desk. He comes back over and sits next to me. "Your usual nurse will take you back and should be there with you through the whole thing" daddy says and I nod. "I'll see you at home tonight I will call your mother and tell her she's going to need to pick you up" He says and kisses my forehead and hugs me. "Bye daddy" I say and he leaves. I sit there picking at my nails. "Bella" Tracy calls and I get up and walk towards her. "Hi sweetheart" she says. "Hi Tracy" I say. She takes me back and gets my height and weight. She takes me to a room and gets my vitals. "A little high but what can we expect you're scared" she says and I nod. "I'll be back im going to go get Dr. Collins" she says and I nod and she pats my shoulder. I pull my knees up and focus on my breathing. There's a knock and a young doctor I've never seen walks in. "Hello Bella my names Dr. Collins" he says and holds his hand out to shake. I timidly shake it and he smiles. Nurse Tracy stands next to the cabinets ready to hand anything he needs. He sets my chart down and then takes his stethoscope from around his neck and places the ear buds in his ears. "Deep breath" he says as he lays the bell on my chest. I take deep breaths. After he checks my eyes, nose ears and throat. He checks my neck glands. "Lay back please?" requests and I lean back so he can check my organs. "Ok you can sit up" he says and I hear a beeping sound. "I'm sorry Bella I'm needed" Nurse Tracy says and I nod but inside I'm panicking. "Ok Bella I'm just going to ask you some questions while we wait for another nurse. I nod my head. "OK so you're taking birth control correct" he asks. "Yes I'm taking it for my medical condition" I say. "Which is PCOS?" he asks and I nod. "OK what I'm going to do is we're going to wait for a nurse and when she comes I'm going to leave so you can change into a gown. I will need to perform an ultrasound and a few other exams" he says. I nod but I'm fighting not to show my panic. "Are you ok?" he ask and I shake my head yes not trusting my voice. There's a knock at the door and a nurse i don't know walks in. Dr. Collins gets up and grabs a gown. "Strip out of everything and put this on" he says and I nod shakily. He leaves and so does the nurse. I quickly undress and neatly fold my clothes before getting onto the bed again. I try covering up as much as possible but the gown barley went past my thighs. There's a knock at the door and it open. "Are you ready Bella?" asks. "Yes" I reply and blush. "Oh how silly of me to forget to hand you a sheet" he says and quickly gets a surgical sheet out and places it on my lap. His hand linger on the outside of my thighs. I shutter and he moves and gets the ultrasound. "Can you lay back honey?" the nurse asks and I lay back and she moves the sheet so its covering my legs. Something told me to be weary of her. "OK Bella I'm sure you had this done before correct?" asks and I nod. He lifts up my gown up and squirts the gel on. He look at the screen and I look up at the ceiling. After he gives me tissue to get the gel off. I sit up and he check my legs and reflexes. He moves to the end of the bed and takes out the stirrups. I look at them and get panicked, "I'm not comfortable with this" I say. "Honey have you ever had a pelvic done?" he asks and I shake my head no. "Well there is new procedures for your medical condition" he says. "No my father said you wont do anything im no comfortable with" I say and go to get up. The nurse holds my shoulders so I cant get up. "Bella you need this done or your father won't be able to be your doctor" he says. I take a deep breath and he knows he won. "I'm just going to do a pelvic exam" he says. "I'm a virgin though" I say. "I can still do it, and it won't take your virginity" He says and I take a deep breath. "Ok Bella lean back and put your feet in the stirrups" he says and he snaps on new gloves and I flinch. The nurse gets some supplies and he sits down. "OK scoot down until your butt hits my hand" he says and I scoot until I feel the latex of his gloves. The nurse sets a tray of tools next to him. "Ok I'm going to lift the sheet" he says and I close my eyes. I feel him touching me and I tense up. 'shy little thing" he says and the nurse laughs. "OK I'm going to slip into you for the internal exam" he says and stands up. I cry out in pain as I feel his two fingers slip inside. "It hurts please stop" I cry out and try to scoot back. the nurse stops me. . "This might hurt" he says with a laugh and the next thing I know he thrusts himself into me. NO I start to fight against him. "Pin her down now" he says and I cry out