Well, I said I'd do something for this week, didn't I? And I've been neglecting my favourite demigods for ages! This isn't my best, but I wanted to give it a go- so here's a very talky friendship fic featuring asexual Nico and bisexual Leo- you'd be amazed at what can happen in just nine little hours! Takes place roughly three years after BoO, and I'm sorry to say features mentions of the break-up of Caleo and Solangelo. I don't particularly have anything against those ships, but Leico is my OTP. Sorry if I sound a bit mean towards Will and Calypso in this fic, it just kinda came out that way- y'know how it is, two guys bonding over heartbreak! So yeah, warnings for a bit of bitterness or whatever. (As for writing Nico's asexuality, it's pretty much based on my own experience with it- it's asexuality and not aromanticism, he kinda digs guys but gets uncomfortable with sexual advances and stuff, also not a fan of being touched without warning.) Well, enjoy! Nine Little Hours Not long after his seventeenth birthday, Nico found himself lodged once again in a state of dejected heartbreak. Hello darkness, my old friend. Usually he'd cope with such unpleasantness by running away, hiding in cemeteries or calling Jules-Albert the zombie chauffeur to take him to the nearest MacDonald's. Of course, that was in the old days- the post-Bianca, pre-prophecy days. That was before he'd travelled the world, been to Hell and back (literally), and basically helped saved the world. Apparently a stunt like that makes you a lot of friends, friends who were willing- nay, happy - to help him out in his time of need. That was how, in late August 2013, Nico found himself sitting cross-legged on the floor of the Hades cabin with a bag of chips in his hand and a can of Redbull at his side, his friends in a circle and the most offensive game he'd ever had the dubious pleasure of playing at his feet. "I can't believe they were actually allowed to publish this…" he muttered, eyeing the white cards in his hands with distaste. " Cards Against Humanity is a double-edged sword, my friend," Leo said sagely, proffering his own white card to Jason's black. "Infinite potential for humour, doubly-infinite potential for vulgarity!" "Obviously," Nico said, watching as Jason read Leo's card and his face turned crimson. Nico was losing the game so far- he was from the forties, whatever jokes he actually understood made him blush down to the soles of his shoes- and he was still getting terrible hands (or maybe he wasn't, but he was just too oblivious to realise). Jason, Piper and Annabeth weren't far ahead- to be honest this competition had long been a dead-heat between Percy and Leo. The desire to out-offend each other was strong in those two. But as the hours wore on, people got tired. Jason and Piper slipped away first, Jason pausing to quietly ask Nico if he was okay. He was worried about him, for sure, but though Nico appreciated his concern he was never one for being coddled. So he put on a brave face, muttered an affirmative and waved them both out. Not long after, with Annabeth dozing off on his shoulder, Percy reluctantly conceded defeat. It was only as he closed the door behind them both that he realised how much their party had dwindled. When he turned, he came face to face with an empty room. Well, almost empty. "Another one bites the dust, huh?" Leo smirked, swigging his Redbull. "Please," Nico snorted, flopping to the floor opposite the manic Latino. "You wouldn't have won that easily if they didn't have to get up early tomorrow." Taking Nico completely by surprise, the loved-up couple had taken a few days away from their life in New Rome to visit (probably after Jason whined to them over Iris-message about how heartbroken Nico was). But with summer almost over and college starting up again soon, vacation time was over. "That a challenge?" Leo asked, quirking his eyebrow and gesturing invitingly to the remaining cards. " You care to fight me for first place?" "Leo, there's only two of us." "So?" Nico rolled his eyes. "So, how do you propose we play Cards Against Humanity with only two people?" "Ah," he said, brow furrowing. "Fair point." They sat in silence for a long, tense moment. Nico thought about suggesting that Leo make his way home now, too- they hadn't spent much time alone together in the past, after all. But Nico wasn't tired yet. He was completely hopped up on Redbull, and apparently Leo was in a similar state (if his twitching fingers and jittering leg were anything to go by). Nico didn't particularly like the idea of being alone in his cabin on a sugar-and-caffeine high. Plenty of time to think about things… Suddenly Leo grinned. "Xbox showdown?" Nico glanced at the wall, to the TV and gaming system he'd rigged up with the help of the brainy Hephaestus kids and the Hermes cabin's light fingers and loose morals, and smiled. "Bring it on." "Dang it, Batman, stay down!" "Told you villains always lose," Nico sniggered, landing another brutal combo. The Joker was flung across the screen, crashing through the roof of Wayne Manor. "Well, at least they do it with style," Leo muttered, desperately button-mashing. On screen, the Joker ineffectively hurled an exploding pie at Batman's face. Unfortunately, his attempts were voided as a solid kick to the head sent him crumpling to the floor. "Ah, heck," Leo grumbled. "Ha!" Nico crowed, fist pumping the air. "Man, you're good," Leo admitted, dropping his controller and cracking his knuckles. "You should see Hazel play," Nico said, smiling wistfully as the screen flicked back to character selection. "She's a freaking demon." "That, I can believe," Leo said, shuddering. He turned to Nico with a small smile, scratching his neck. "You missing her?" "Yeah," Nico nodded, flipping through characters absentmindedly. He could really use his sister around right now. She'd know just what to say to make him feel better, at least temporarily… "How're you doing, man?" Nico shrugged, hastily selecting Nightwing. "Okay, I guess." 'Okay' was being pretty generous. A week ago marked his break-up with Will Solace. It couldn't have been helped, but there was no way he could look back on the way things ended with a smile. "If it's any consolation, I get it," Leo said, selecting Flash and hitting play. "Guess I'm not too good at making relationships last, either…" he grimaced. "Hey, look on the bright side- you lasted longer than me and Calypso!" Nico winced. "Yeah, sorry 'bout that." "Not your fault," Leo waved him off. "It's no one's fault, really- guess it just wasn't meant to be, y'know?" Nico nodded, but he didn't buy that Leo was completely over it for one second. The day Calypso had left Camp Half-Blood, he'd retreated into Bunker Nine and hadn't emerged for almost a week. They'd only been home a month when they split up, after a short-lived eight month relationship that lasted about as long as it took for their slow ride and sight-seeing to bring them back to Long Island. Apparently without the confines of Ogygia forcing them to coexist, they couldn't even make it to the year mark. Calypso was drunk on freedom, and Leo had wanted to return to his home and stay there. As far as anyone knew, it was a mutual break up, but Nico looked at Leo's dejected face and thought otherwise. "You heard from her since then?" Leo shook his head, a bitter twist to his lips. "Nah. Probably hasn't stopped moving since she left. Anyway, she's her own woman, doesn't need to check in with the ex, huh?" "Yeah, I guess," Nico mumbled, allowing Leo to land a critical hit. Leo offloaded a few more punches before sighing gloomily. "To be honest," he said quietly, eyes fixed on the screen. "I'm not sure she ever really lo- liked me in the first place," he said, hastily checking himself mid-sentence. Nico frowned. "Why'd you think that?" "Well, guess she was always kinda out of my league," Leo laughed humourlessly. "I mean, I guess it threw me when the magic raft came, but it was probably just Stockholm syndrome or something, right? From being stuck with me so long." "I think that's only for hostage situations," Nico mumbled. Leo either didn't hear or he didn't care. "Shouldn't have expected her to stick around when she was outta there," he muttered, his voice a cocktail of resentment- but Nico thought he knew Leo well enough to know that he was probably angrier at himself than at the girl who left him. Nico opened his mouth to say something, but he couldn't find the words. What could he say, really? He barely knew Leo, he was in no position to tackle his deepest insecurities. But it bugged him, seeing Leo beating himself up like that. He may be an annoying dork, but he was actually a decent guy. He needed to stop shouldering blame for things out of his control. "So," Leo said, loudly changing the subject. "If you don't mind me asking, what happened with Will? You guys seemed to be getting along fine, last I saw." "Oh, y'know," Nico mumbled elusively, landing a kick to Flash's face. "Disagreed on some stuff." "Okay…" Leo said slowly, desperately trying to scramble back to his feet under a rain of punches. It sounded like he was prepared to just let the conversation drop. Maybe it was the sugar, but Nico decided he actually wanted to rant a bit for once. "He was so bossy, " Nico complained, mashing the buttons harder. "And he tried to fix everything, told him to give it a rest but he kept right on, it was freaking irritating. Darn healers. And that was another problem- he was so self-deprecating, always whining about how his only Apollo powers were healing hands or whatever, couldn't shut him up." " You are calling him self-deprecating?" Leo asked incredulously, forgetting to block Nico's strikes. "That's not the point," Nico grumbled. Leo sniggered, but he was too busy trying to cling to life on the game to press for more info. Frankly, Nico was grateful. He didn't even want to get into the big reason. That was a topic he wasn't touching with a ten foot pole. "Man, games are getting way too complicated," Leo grouched, cautiously adjusting one of the figurines. Unsurprisingly, their grotesquely massive caffeine intake had left them both restless and fidgety. Since there was really no chance of sleep for either of them right now, they opted for more games. That was how Leo found himself being introduced to the wonderful world of Mythomagic . "You're supposed to be the genius, remember?" Nico smirked. Leo rolled his eyes, cautiously playing a new card. Nico glanced down at it, prepared to point out some glaring rule violation the mechanic had stumbled into, but when he saw the illustration his heart sank. "Nico?" Leo asked, looking nervous. "Crap, am I doing it wrong again?" "No, no, it's fine," Nico muttered, hastily turning his attention back to his own hand. "Good move." Leo looked down at his card with a frown, and winced as he realised his mistake. "Ah, man, I'm sorry- didn't think…" "S'okay," Nico said, glaring down at the illustrated face of Apollo. Leo still looked guilty. "Hey, if you've got an Atlas card hidden away in there, you can play it," he offered graciously. Nico allowed himself a chuckle at that. "No, it's okay. Besides, titan cards are rare- I don't have him, yet. Well, I did once, but…" He trailed off, blushing and returning to his move. No point telling Leo about the first time he flipped out and burned his collection. Leo nodded, not asking for more detail. He