Authors note: There's not many changes to this chapter just spelling and grammer corrections. I've had so many Beta's read this thank you to all of them. I stare through the door of the guest room clenching and unclenching my hands as I watch Bella resting on the bed while the doctor looks her over. I watch as she winces at the movement of his hand on her ribs. He keeps asking her questions and she quietly replies. She hasn't seen me yet and I'm grateful for this one small mercy. I don't think she could handle me in this mood. I'd more than likely scare her more than she already is. I have to hold back my anger as I watch her. The doctor looks my way and nods slightly letting me know overall she is fine and will survive physically. I let out the breath I am holding and try to calm down. I know she's in more pain than she is letting on though. 'She is alive and safe now, but she is hurt.' I keep chanting in my head as I try to keep my need for blood under control. She has a black eye and a cut on her head. The doctor has been given orders to give her a full check over; I need to know the extent of her injuries. I look at her and I want to kill the bastards that have hurt her; then I need to drag her to a church and marry her. I have never felt so scared and weak in my life as I did when we drove over to the hospital to be with her. Even after we were told she had discharged herself and left, I couldn't stop panicking. Thankfully we knew she was heading to my house because she called Sam to pick her up. I hear a throat clear and turn around to see my father and older brother looking at me. I signal for them to follow me and we walk into my office. "What the hell happened?" I shout at them as the door closes. I hate doing the whole mafia Dom thing on my own family but dad retired three years ago and my brother didn't want to be the dom; in his own words: 'Being boss kills the fun.' I walk to the side table and start pouring some brandy, then, with glass in hand I sit behind my desk. "We don't know." Emmett looks as pissed off as I am. My playful brother is gone and the mafia capo is here. "We have Sam, Crowley and Stanley going through the surveillance footage from her apartment block and the surrounding blocks." "When we find out who they are I want them dead." I drop my glass as I look in shock at my normally calm and pacifist father. "Dad." Emmett chuckles "I thought you were a pacifist?" "That's my daughter..." He says pointing a finger in Emmett's face "we're talking about and no one, and I mean no one lays a finger on one of my children and lives." He is infuriated and we all know it. We're all the same, we want to kill the person that did this to her. I want to rip them limb from limb. "Don't worry old man, when we find the bastard you can have a piece of him too." Sam comments as he walks through the office door. "The Doc just left." He says looking at me. "What did he say about our Bells?" Emmett asks rocking side to side as he looks at Sam. "She's going to be okay but she doesn't want to see anyone till she sees you, Edward." I stand up from my chair and walk to the door desperate to see Bella. "What else did he say other than she's going to be okay?" Emmett barks, I can see his neck nerve throbbing. "Bells has told the doctor not to say anything more." Sam says staring Emmett down. I close my eyes knowing the only place I'll get any answers is directly from Bella. I get up and walk straight over to the door I turn around just as my hand touches the doorknob. "I want them found by the morning. I suggest we get the rest of the girls here and security doubled." I walk through the door and back upstairs to my Bella. I stop just outside the closed door and take a deep breath letting it out slowly, in an attempt to calm down for my Bella before knocking gently and then pushing the door open. "E...DWARD." I look over at the bed and have to hold back my anger. She's curled up on herself with her arms wrapped around her middle in an attempt to hug herself in the middle of the bed. She needs me to be strong and calm for her. I walk over to the bed and sit down on the side of it facing her before I pull her into my arms. I want to comfort her but I also need her to calm down and talk to me. I hold her for the next hour as she cries in my arms. At one point I take my shoes off and curl up on the bed with her. Eventually she stops crying but we still keep our hands on each other in silence too afraid to speak until Bella breaks the silence. "Edward, we need to tell everyone," she says pulling away. I look down at her confused as to why she wants to tell everyone now. We have been dating for the last six months and we have kept it secret from everyone including the family. Bella and I want this to grow our way; without the added family pressure while she finishes her masters at college. Six months earlier. I slowly wake up feeling a warm naked body next to me; the difference though is I feel the electric that I only feel when I touch Bella, in my bed. My dream says it's Bella - my Bella in my bed naked, but my mind says it's not because Bella and I don't feel the same way. I open my eyes to look down and see that it is my Bella. She's still asleep but it's real; she's here. I lie still as I watch her sleep peacefully. I gently press a knuckle to her skin needing to see the truth about her being in my bed. My knuckle touches warm skin instead of sinking through the mirage. I start to see all the ways she will leave me now as she realises the mistake we made. My life is now over I can't live in a world without my Bella. She starts to slowly stir and I pull her closer to me for one last hug and kiss before she freaks. Bella moans before she sighs out a seductive and breathy "Morning." I watch her back arch off the bed as she stretches. Her breasts being thrust up into the sheet. She looks absolutely gorgeous and delectable. Any other woman and I'd be jumping over that body and burying myself in her for a hard meaningless fuck. Bella on the other hand I want to slowly lick and nip at her body as I make love to her. Before I can get too far into my fantasy her back falls back into the bed and then she opens her eyes looking at the ceiling before turning to me. "Morning." I smile back on my side to hide my raging hard on. I start running my hand up and down her bare shoulder lazily as I memorize her for what I am positive the last time ever. "I suppose we need to talk now, don't we?" I mumble frowning at the shoulder my hand's touching. I don't want to talk; I know she thinks this is a mistake. The bigger question is will the few moments of drunkenness result in me losing my best friend? We have known each other since middle school and in my family's eyes Bella is as good as my sister; but in mine she is my soul mate and too good, too innocent for this life. "Mmmm." She says before rolling over and gathering the sheet up and wrapping it around her body. "I suppose we do." She says as she walks around the bed heading for the private bathroom. I close my eyes and roll onto my back sucking in a deep breath in an attempt to clear my head. I have to calm down, my nerves are shot. How could I kill a man and be as calm as a cucumber, yet one look, one touch from Bella and my nerves are rattled to the core. Before the breath fully leaves my body I jump in surprise as I feel my cock being surrounded by a hot breath and then warm wetness. I pop my eyes open and look down to see Bella leaning over the bed naked. Her head slowly bobbing up and down my hard cock. I can't help but throw my head back into the pillow and moan loudly as I fight my hands to stay on the bed and not into her hair. "Bella." I open my eyes again and groan as I watch her taking me deep into her mouth. 'Shit this woman can suck cock' Her hands start to gently tug on my balls and her breasts bounce up and down as she smiles seductively around my cock before she moans. "Mmm" she hums around me making me moan and pulse more in pleasure. I open my eyes and decide to shove rationalization to the side as I open my eyes and watch Bella. I take my hand up and lean out to pull her up my body not wanting to come in her mouth. She takes my hands and places my hands by my side giving me a husky . "No touching." Instruction before wrapping her tongue around my cock head. I scream as I grip the bed sheets in my hands. I start fisting and twisting the bed sheet under me to stop me from being forceful with her. I have to remind myself the girl on top of me is a virgin- was a virgin-, she's also Bella and deserves more than just being used for sex. She deserves to be passionately loved. "Bella . . . . fucking hell . . . . . woman. .. . . ." I shout as I thrust up and cum into her mouth. I can't take my eyes off her as she sucks and swallows my cum staring at me the whole time. I want to hold her and never leave this room again but we need to talk about what has happened the previous night and just now. "Get your butt up in this damn bed." I growl trying to not lose my thoughts in the alcohol infused mist of last night's memories. She lets go of me with a pop and I grin. I try to move but she holds me down. As she stands I finally notice the little tattoo on her shoulder. The little purple and blue butterfly Her fucking perfect body, her firm breasts, her hot soft but firm skin is just there for me to touch, smell and see. I look her over slowly to burn the image and feel of her into my memory. The sight of her body upright and a clear view of her breasts makes my cock instantly hard again. "You want to talk. Let's talk." She says as she crawls onto the bed by my feet and crawling up my body; slowly kissing my feet up to my groin. When she gets near my cock she ignores it - no matter how much I try to push her mouth back towards