A/N: Well I wrote this for a contest but I'm posting it here. at this moment in time I think I'll give up with contests. My thanks goes out to Sjdavis84 and cristinaN for editing, beta'ing and reading this little morsel for me. (BTW everyone should go and read CristinaN's story Dark Lies actually any of her stories their all good.) I woke up to find that I'm tied down to a table and spread out. I have a white blanket covering everything from the top of my breasts down to my toes. I pull on the restraints, twisting and turning them trying to get out. "Morning Kitten," my master says from the corner, I look towards him and can see the smile on his face. Shit, he has something planned. I drop my eyes quickly, because my master hasn't given me permission to look at him. "Eyes on me kitten," he says, and I look up to see his grin. He takes a swig of his drink and then puts it back down on the table. "It's time to have some fun kitten." He picks up a bell and gently shakes it. I hear a door open and look to see three men walk into the room, they were all wearing black trousers and a huge grin. I looked at the first one that walked into the room, he is the oldest at about 35 and has short blond hair and deep ocean blue eyes. His smile is enchanting. He's tall about 6ft, but the man behind him is even taller at about 6ft 5". He has dark brown hair that looks nearly black in this lighting. He's muscular and clearly loves the gym. The last man is another blonde and the same height as the other blond, but younger with brown eyes. "Isabella." I snap back to my master who still sat in his chair, unmoved by the men that have entered. "Good girl, now I want to introduce you to our guests." He stands up and walks to the other men. "This is Master Carlisle." The first blond doesn't react. "This is Uncle Emmett, and lastly we have Emmett's son Jasper." He taps the younger blonde's shoulder. "Now Kitten. I guess you're wondering why these men are here. Well Kitten, we are all here to celebrate Christmas and to share my pet's special Christmas present." I notice all the men smile. "Boys, shall we unwrap our treat." Master steps forward and pulls the blanket off of my body, showing my naked skin. I watch as Master steps forward and brushes my clit with his thumb in slow smooth circles. "Oh kitten, you're so wet already." He whispers before kissing me. "Would you like to know what we are going to do today? Answer me kitten." "Yes master," I say while looking into his eyes. The room fills with silence except for the sound of several zipper's unzipping before feeling my body being filled with his cock. "Oh kitten," He grinds his hips as he thrusts into me."We are going to have so much fun." He grunts at the end, but keeps slowly moving in and out of me. The speed he's thrusting is so slow that it's near torturous. "All of us are going to have some fun, lots of fun." I watch as his hands go for my breasts and he clamps my nipples between his fingers before he pulls them out, thrusting in hard at the same time. "And you kitten, will have to wait to see what happens." He moans again and starts thrusting harder and faster before going back to the tortuous slow speed. He was driving me to the edge for a reason. I get to just the point where I am going to have to beg master to let me come, when I feel him slow down again. I groan in annoyance and disappointment, then he starts hard and fast again. Only this time he's grinding into me as he thrusts. I close my eyes and throw my head back in pleasure. The coil is tightening hard and fast. I feel something that feels cold and metallic clamp around my nipples. "Open your eyes kitten." I open my eyes to see my master looking straight at me and Master Carlisle pulling on a clamp attached to my left nipple and Jasper holding a clamp on my right nipple. Carlisle has his cock in his free hand and is rubbing himself while pulling the clamp on my nipple. I watch as he moves to my head and I see Emmett coming near me with blue latex gloves on and a strange contraption in his hands. "Kitten come." I look at my master and see the lust that has filled his eyes and turned them black. I throw my head back as I come and silently scream. While master keeps thrusting, I feel a sharp relief. I open my eyes and look down to see a ring in my left nipple. "I want you to scream kitten, come on my cock and scream NOW," Master barks as I feel a wand touch my clit. My back arches off the table as I scream loudly and come on him hard. I open my eyes and now see a ring with an Emerald encrusted E charm dangling from my right nipple. I hear him growl shortly before I feel him pulse and explode deep in me. He collapses on my chest, panting hard with his head buried in between my breasts. A few minutes later master lifts up and looks at me with a smile. He strokes between my breasts before kissing my lips and then stepping away. "Doesn't your new jewelry look beautiful kitten?" "Yes master." I say while looking down. He's marked me as his and in a way that no one can ever miss. "Kitten, it's time to find out some more about your day. You won't know everything, but I promise you that the first time you come will be on my cock as will your last, until then you will have the honor of being filled by every cock in this room." I moan at his words and the images that his words have created in my mind. "Okay boys, she's all yours," He chuckles as he steps away. I watch as Master walks over to his bed and then sits on the end watching. Master Carlisle gets between my legs and in one swift move he fills me. "Oh Edward, she's so tight and wet... Gah she could easily break my cock," He grunts and groans as he thrusts in and out of my body. I slowly feel my body tighten and thrash against Master Carlisle's cock. I watch as Carlisle gets closer to coming and feel him swelling within me. "Oh it gets better Carlisle," Master gloats. I can feel he's about to do something and I don't question it. "Kitten come," Master orders, and I come screaming. My whole body shakes and trembles as the aftermaths of my orgasm leave my body. Master Carlisle comes hard and then collapses onto my chest panting I look over to master to see his cock out while he fists it. When Master Carlisle gets up, he kisses the side of my left breast gently as he withdraws from me. As he leaves my body, I can feel a large blob of cum exit my pussy and dribble down to my ass. I try to settle my breath as Master Carlisle walks around to my head. "Open," he barks. I look towards master and wait. "Do as you're told kitten." With those words, I open my mouth and allow Carlisle's cock access to my mouth. "Good girl. You're such a good girl," Master Carlisle says as he strokes my cheek while I suck and lick him. I gasp around his cock as I feel my body being filled again. Through my peripheral vision I see Jasper between my legs thrusting. Oh god! Are they going by size? Jasper is thicker than Carlisle, and I feel myself being stretched in a coiling twisting way. "Talk to me Jazzie. Tell me how she feels," Uncle Emmett barks in a husky voice. "Daddy, she feels…... Isabe... lla is so tight. She's… squeezing my cock gah... Daddy it tingles, my stomach is so tight…..Make it stop please.." Jasper cries while frantically thrusting. "Isabella, come on my boys cock," Emmett says from somewhere near Jasper. I keep sucking Carlisle, feeling the coil tightening trying to come, but my body just won't take that jump. I feel my nipples being tugged and slapped. Normally this would have me coming, but it doesn't. I just about start to panic when I feel my lips being spread out, revealing my delicate little nub of nerves. "Kitten come," Master orders as he pinches my clit. My back bows off the table as I orgasm. I release Master Carlisle's cock as I scream from my orgasm. Jasper keeps thrusting and Carlisle pulls my nipples as Master pins my hips down with one arm before he pushes a bullet down onto my clit. I scream as I come again. Shaking on the table. "Fuck!" Jasper screams as he cums in me. I fall back and pant, trying to get my breath back as Jasper slumps at my feet. "What the fuck was that?" I hear Jasper say, when the room is silent except for our rapid breaths. "That, my dear Friend, would be our sweet Isabella squirting around your cock," I hear Master say as he chuckles from beside my legs while still holding a bullet to my clit. I try to control my panting, but I'm failing miserably. Master appears in front of me and smiles at me. "Good kitten." He places a kiss on my lips as I'm filled again, this time I scream just from the first thrust. Which makes me come again. I feel a finger on my clit and groan at how sensitive I am. "Emmett, leave her clit alone, after the squirting she just did on your boy, she is going to be very sensitive you don't want her coming again so soon." I start to cry with the shame that I've let my master down. "I'm afraid she already has Edward," Master Emmett says as he keeps thrusting in to me. "Oh kitten, you naughty girl, you're suppose to ask before coming." I feel my nipples getting pulled sharply and I cry out in pain. "Well, we will have to punish you, but first Emmett will get the privilege of coming in my pussy." I start to cry at the feeling of disappointment of letting master down. As Emmett thrusts into me hard one last time, and then comes with a groan. After he exits my body I see master walk up to me as I lay still panting. "Pet, you may go to the bathroom and freshen up, you have five minutes." He said as he unties my wrist cuffs. "You will not remove your clamps, and you will not play with my pussy. Do you understand kitten? Answer me." "Yes master," I say loudly and wait until he tells me I can go. "Good pet. Off you go then. Five minutes though." I quickly run to the bathroom, brush my teeth, and do my normal morning routine. I quickly re-enter the room and find my mat in front of the table. As soon as I am on top of it, I drop to my knees and put my hands behind my neck presenting myself. I wait while Master and his guests walk around the room looking at items until Master comes to me. I wait patiently until I see his feet appear in front of me. "Good girl," He says as he strokes my head. "Oh kitten, you look so delectable." There's silence for a few minutes until Master talks again. "What colour