STAND-ALONE Title:'The Lay of Leithian: Culmination' Warning: Infidelity, emotional wrangling, sexual content. This story is rated R. Notes: Trying to portray a woman with deep-seated frustrations and an innate desire to find something she doesn't understand. This may have to be counted among my flops. Writing in the 4th age just doesn't bring out my best. The Bard and Oscar Wilde should never be mixed. It seems a strange impotent mix of things. (In The Song of Sunset, Arwen is the daughter of Celebrimbor. She is descended from Elured of Doriath on her mother's side. Further notes at the end of the story.) " Love is too young to know what conscience is." "You look beautiful," Aragorn said sincerely as he offered her his arm. She smiled and bowed to him gracefully before slipping her hand in his. The King and Queen of Gondor entered the hall and the crowds began cheering lustily. The celebration marked a decade of peace since the War of the Ring. Aragorn led his queen to her throne before kissing her hand and assuming his seat beside her. Arwen tried to remain in lively spirits and smile at all the right occasions. But it was extremely hard. The life at this court failed to interest her. Here was a city of stone and gossip. She craved instead the woods and the gurgling of streams. Her eyes caught the gleam of her marriage ring. Duty, she reminded herself as she smiled graciously at yet another delegate from a realm of men. It frightened her. Everywhere were men. Their fast-paced, ambitious lives seemed a stark contrast to the serenity and patience of dwarves and elves. Her eyes swept the hall for reassurance. She could see Legolas and Elladan dancing a quartet with maids of her court. Elrohir was dancing with Éowyn, his fair features flushed with exertion and happiness as he spun her around. Arwen tried not to notice the long fingers that held Éowyn's hands. Those fingers had once gripped her in passion. "Arwen?" She drew herself out of her bleakness and smiled at her doting husband. She loved him deeply. It would have to be enough. "Are you well?" he asked concernedly as he regarded her slightly pensive features. "As well as I shall ever be when you are by my side." She turned to face him with a ready smile. The unexpected compliment lent a charming twinkle to his eyes as he muttered words of pleased gratitude. She shook her head. It should not have been this way at all. But she would do the best by him. She craned her neck to press a warm kiss to his cheek. A truer smile broke on her features as she registered the sharp inhalation of his breath. His hands wrapped around her waist and pulled her to him. "Shall we dance?" "It would be my greatest joy," she replied laughing. As they joined the rest on the dance floor, she let her thoughts drift away. Only a few of them remained on the dance floor now. Éowyn was dancing with Faramir, her regal features detached and proud. Perhaps she too was deep in her private ponderings. Elladan and Legolas had reformed their quartet with Elrohir and a young Eldarion. Arwen's smile turned wistful as she watched a patient Elrohir teaching Eldarion to dance. "He would make a fine father," Aragorn broke into her thoughts. Suppressing a flinch, she met his eyes searching for that dark emotion. She sighed relieved. There was no doubt yet. Eru-willing, it would be so always. "Will he?" she asked off-handedly. Aragorn nodded before twirling her in tune with the fast paced music. She laughed and gripped his shoulders for support as they waltzed. As they spun carefree on the dance floor, she chanced to meet Elrohir's eyes. A flash of hastily suppressed turmoil greeted her before he turned to guide Eldarion again. "Do you like the music?" Aragorn asked her. "Indeed," she lied. She did not like the music. She preferred the slow, haunting melodies of the Noldorin minstrels or the wild lays of the Sindar. She was not moved by these fast-paced, ribald songs of the North. "Then I shall transfer the minstrel to your personal court, my Queen." She smiled and kissed him again. Kissing him was the easiest way to not blurt the truth aloud. She wanted to spare him all that she could; she had come to love him as her son's father and as her most treasured friend. A caring husband, a doting father, an inventive lover, a righteous King, he was everything that Elros must have been. But nothing he was could fill the hollow left by someone else. Spring brought with fairs and freedom. Arwen no longer had to endure long hours in the palace listening to the inane gossip of her lady courtiers. Aragorn had decided to spend the season in Ithilien. She rejoiced at the tidings for Ithilien would bring her the companionship of elves. Aragorn would be busy with Faramir and his nobles in the typical pastimes of hunting and long walks in the forest. He never missed a chance to return to his Ranger roots. It was one of those things she respected in him; his humility. Eldarion had never been to Ithilien. Arwen looked forward to teaching him the ways of a forest. "Undómiel." Legolas took the reins of her palfrey and helped her dismount. "Ithilien welcomes you." She smiled and beckoned to her son. Eldarion was peering curiously at the spring foliage above them. "Why can't we have them in Gondor?" he asked plaintively as one of the warriors passed him an apple plucked afresh from the tree. Aragorn laughed at his son's elvish whim before ruffling his hair and moving away to speak with Faramir who had accompanied them. Arwen turned to Eldarion. But he had already followed the warriors into the woods, his eagerness evident in his raised voice. She shook her head at his enthusiasm and began to follow him. She trusted the warriors. But she did not want her son to indulge in rough-play the very first day of their visit. "I will fetch him," Legolas offered as he joined her. "You may wish to rest after your journey." "No, I have missed the woods. I would rather spend the nights here under the trees than under a solid roof." He laughed, his melodious mirth making her think of happier times when the generation before them had not left yet. "There you are!" he exclaimed as Éowyn walked towards them with a disheveled Eldarion in tow. "What did he attempt?" Arwen found it curious that Legolas's manners had slipped in his addressing of Éowyn. He had not called her by title or name. Perhaps there existed a greater degree of familiarity between them than she had known. "He tried to climb a tree when my horse scared him," Éowyn laughed as she nudged a sheepish Eldarion. "Unfortunately, he fell and frightened my mount." "Ah!" Legolas smiled at her, the green eyes flecked with good-humour. "Let us teach him to climb then." "We should teach him to ride first," Éowyn retorted. Arwen felt as if she was intruding on something intangible. "Undómiel," Legolas turned to face her, "I promise to keep Eldarion away from harm." "Thank you, Laiqua," she said, "and I will take the opportunity to see more of these woods." "The feast is in another four hours," Éowyn called after her as she left them. Arwen came across a worried Gimli as she walked deeper into the woods. "Did you see Legolas, my lady?" he asked, a flicker of unease spreading on his features. "I did." She smiled and nodded her head at the direction thence she had come. "He is teaching my son the art of climbing trees." "Ah!" Gimli laughed his gruff, honest laugh. "Bless the laddie, he has a way with younglings. I will join him then." "That he has indeed!" She bowed to him and watched as he left. The woods were silent now. It was a hot afternoon and the inhabitants of the forest must have retreated from the sun. Arwen did not mind the silence for it offered her the solace she had been seeking ever since her arrival in Gondor. To her north, she could hear the tell-tale gurgle of a fast rushing stream. She smiled as she struck that path. An afternoon spent by the water would do her spirits a wonderful revival, she was sure. The stream proved to be a resilient brook that made its way through mossy rocks. She could see the alluvial soil at the base; the depth was barely two feet. Disappointment rose in her as she dipped her feet in the shallow water. She missed the roar of the Nimrodel and the steady flow of Bruinen. "Lúthien!" a hoarse voice spoke in the tongue of the Sindar. Arwen turned irritably to chide her husband, for she knew well that only he would tease her thus. Her eyes widened in surprise when she saw an elf clad in cast-offs. The wild-eyed expression with which he regarded her set her ill at ease "Lúthien!" he spoke again, his voice reverent and the expression in his feral eyes almost fear. She wondered if he was mentally disturbed for there was such power in his gaze as he regarded her. "I am Arwen Undómiel," she said kindly. "Do you live hereabouts?" "Lúthien!" She flinched as he stepped forward and knelt before her, his head bowing in penance as he clasped his hands in devotion. She did not what to make of him. She looked about. But they were alone in the glade. She clutched the pendant of Fëanor to ground herself as those powerful, mad eyes looked up in mute pleading. "I am not who you seek," she tried to explain gently. "I will take you to your family if you would tell me where you live." "Nowhere!" His hands came to pull at his hair making her shudder at the violence. "But you, fair Lúthien, you live in my heart!" "I am not she," she said firmly. The stranger seemed to be suffering from some strange mental malaise which made him think that she was Lúthien. "I knew you would return to me," he whispered, devotion shining in his eyes. Arwen had to admit that she was frightened by the intensity of his turmoil. She pitied the poor raving soul. Perhaps she could help him. Her husband was a famed healer, after all. "If you would stay here," she tried to not sound scared, "I will fetch your family." "Don't leave me again!" He rose to his feet in a jerky movement and grabbed her wrist. She gasped in pain at the unexpected assault of the deceptively thin mad elf. "Unhand me," she said angrily, her eyes narrowing in Finwëan disdain as she met his gaze. "I cannot let you leave again," he murmured plaintively as he bent to press his lips to the soft skin of her wrist. She gasped as the heat of his lips made desperate contact with the sensitive skin of her inner wrist. She made to pull her hand away, but he snarled and pulled her to him. She was pressed flush against his thin, hard frame. The scent of pipe smoke and fresh pine assailed her senses. She exclaimed in horror as his fingers came to envelope her waist. The heat of his body made its desire known against her stomach. The rigidness of his loins made her scream in fear. Elrohir had been skittish and cautious. Aragorn was gentle and sensual. Nothing in her previous experiences with intimacy had ensconced violence. The mad elf once again moved his hips against her. She thought of Galadriel, she thought of Aredhel Ar-Feiniel. She knew that she did not possess their courage. Her screams began anew as the stranger began to croon in his hoarse, broken voice