a/n obvi don't own, all JK. Just love Marauders. Note: Same world as Ascella Note the 2nd: Work in progress, would love insight but mostly just enjoy (hopefully!) There were a lot of things no body knew about Sirius Black, things even his closest friends could only guess at but there was was one thing everybody did know: Sirius Black didn't date. No body knew why; he had more girls in the whole castle hopelessly in love with him than all the other Marauder's combined, but he didn't notice, and if he did, he didn't care. This attitude of course only made him all the more attractive to the girls of Hogwarts. If you asked Remus Lupin why Sirius Black never dated or showed any interest in his many admirer's he'd have told you to mind your own business. In truth he didn't know the answer but he had a guess. Well two if you wanted to be precise. The first was related to how his tumultuous upbringing had affected him; Sirius wasn't capable of letting someone in that wasn't James, Peter, or Remus himself. He didn't have much to give and what he did he gave to them and that didn't leave room for anyone else. The second and perhaps more influential reason was simple; Sirius Black had already been caught by a girl. By who you ask? By none other than one Marlene McKinnon, that's who. By Remus's reckoning he'd guess Sirius had been caught sometime during their first year. Now this wasn't because Sirius was like James with Lily: he didn't follow her around, or tease her, or speak to her more than necessary (or at all that Remus could tell) or stare moonily at her across the room. In fact if Remus wasn't the observant one of the group and hadn't gotten to know Sirius so well he'd likely never have even noticed it, but once he had it became all too obvious to him. Early on it became a well known fact that Sirius and James sat next to each other in Defense Against the Dark Arts. If James was skivving or sick no one else was allowed to sit in his empty seat. Remus had seen people try but Sirius glared at them until they left or they would later leave of their own volition due to some mishap or other that had occurred, caused by Sirius no doubt. So it was that when Remus saw Marlene flounce down into the seat next to Sirius halfway through first year Remus looked up half apprehensive and half amused, waiting to see what Sirius would do. To Remus's surprise however Sirius merely glanced at her out of the corner of his eye and turned his attention back to looking as elegantly bored as he usually did. He even responded almost cordially when she greeted him. Remus would have tried to exchange a dumbfounded look with Peter but Peter was already asleep on his desk. Remus was even more surprised a moment later when Sirius asked McKinnon if she'd visited James in the hospital wing. James had gotten on the wrong end of a misplaced jinx during a duel between a couple of 5th years at dueling club the night before. Marlene and James had grown up together in Godric's Hollow and were quite close so it wouldn't be out of the ordinary for her to visit but a) for Sirius to know enough of this to ask and b) that he'd ask at all was not something Remus would have thought likely to happen. While Remus watched curious, Marlene responded that she had and Remus eagerly waited to see if Sirius would continue the conversation but alas it was then that class began and the pair didn't speak again. Remus would have put the exchange out of his mind if it wasn't that not two weeks later as Remus was struggling with a Charms concept, Sirius casually suggested he ask McKinnon for help. "She's brilliant at Charms," he said in explanation from where he was sitting in an armchair playing chess with Peter. James was in detention for pranking the fifth year that had hit him with the jinx two weeks ago. "How do you know that?" Remus had asked curiously, looking at his friend. Sirius didn't bother knowing things about other people. He shrugged casually not looking up from the game. "James," he said like it was obvious. Only when Remus was later raving to James about how helpful and good at Charms Marlene had been when he'd asked her for help, James was as amazed and surprised as Remus had been earlier. "Really?" he'd asked eagerly. "Well now I know who I'm copying my Charms homework off of when I forget to do it!" "But-" Remus had tried to reply but James had spotted Sirius and Peter across the room and he'd darted away. Remus looked after his friend in confusion until his eyes stopped on Sirius who'd thrown his head back in laughter at some story James was telling. He remembered the interaction between Marlene and Sirius from when James had been absent and that was when a crazy idea dawned on him; that maybe, just maybe, Sirius Black had a crush. Come third year and it had become a well known fact that the only girl to regularly be seen with the Marauders was Marlene McKinnon. Everyone thought it was because of her history with James but Remus knew better. He knew it was because Sirius accepted her. He knew this not because Sirius had said it was alright for her to hang around but because he hadn't said anything. Usually anytime a girl wanted to hang around them, with James, Remus, or even upon occasion Peter, Sirius was bound to tolerate them for only so long and then the minute he made a comment against them, the Marauder's stopped letting the girl hang around, and she was never seen again. But Marlene was different, he accepted her, and she quickly found her own little place with the Marauders. Despite her goody-two-shoes persona she kept up with their banter, she made them laugh, and she was impressed with their pranks instead of being annoyed like Lily. Marlene, like Remus, knew how much magical ability and skill most of their pranks took, if the pranks at times could be a bit immature. It was around this time that Remus became convinced of his theory about Sirius liking Marlene. And it wasn't because Sirius had let her hang out with them or because he'd started flirting with her when she hung out with them, or because he sought her out when she wasn't with them or because he was staring at her more because he hadn't done any of those things. No it was because of what happened one Hogsmeade day in April, just before the Easter holidays. Marlene had agreed to leave her best friends, Hestia Jones and Alice Prewitt, to fend for themselves for the day, and had agreed to accompany the Marauders to the village instead. James had been making comments to her for weeks about how she must not really love them if she'd never been to Hogsmeade with them and the night before she'd finally given in and agreed to go with them. Remus had watched Sirius for a reaction but if he'd cared about the arrangement he hadn't let on. The next day as they were lining up to leave the castle a Hufflepuff fourth year came up to the group and asked Sirius if he'd be interested in meeting her for a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks. Sirius had stared at her in confusion and told her pointedly, "No. I'm spending the day with my mates." The girl had then left embarrassed and Sirius had turned to his unusually quiet friends and Marlene. All wore faces set in varying degrees of amusement: James was grinning, Remus had a small smile, Marlene was practically laughing and Peter was confused but amused because his friends were. "Don't like to let 'em down easy, eh Sirius?" Marlene had asked as the group headed out the oak front doors. "Well it's not like she could possibly think I was going to say yes and leave you lot. Why even ask?" Sirius was astounded. "Oh, I don't know, maybe because she fancy's you," Marlene had said airily. James had chocked out a laugh and Remus smiled wider. Sirius scoffed. "As if I want a girl in my life. You're about all I can handle Mack," he'd replied throwing an arm around the girl. "Too right," she'd said back putting her arm around him as well. They'd walked the rest of the way to the village like that chatting easily with James and Peter, never knowing that Remus was smiling to himself and taking silent bets on when Sirius and Marlene would start dating. By fifth year it became a well known fact that to attempt to date Marlene McKinnon meant dealing with the combined over protectiveness of James Potter and Sirius Black, not to mention Marlene's actual brothers, Marc and Mason. Sirius said he did it only because James did but Remus saw the glint of jealousy and protectiveness in his eyes whenever a boy made eyes at Marlene, which happened a lot over the years. Marlene was in a word, stunning. She had long golden blonde wavy hair, big sapphire blue eyes that seemed to change color like the sea, full pert lips, and she was tall and curvy to boot. Everyone noticed Marlene McKinnon. But everyone learned it wasn't worth trying to get close to her. If it wasn't her brother deterring the suitor, it was James and Sirius, and if a suitor did manage to get through it was Marlene herself. Marlene knew how to say no. Remus didn't think this was because Marlene was like Sirius in that she didn't want to date, it seemed like she truly was oblivious to how boys saw her and she didn't care and if she was going to date she was going to do it like she did everything else, with her whole heart and she would expect nothing less of any man she dated. James and Sirius of course found this hysterical, particularly after they had found a poor sixth year Ravenclaw soaking wet in a fountain in the courtyard after they'd been too late to keep him from asking Marlene out. She hadn't take well to the known man-whore asking her out with the leer he'd had on and the arrogance to assume she couldn't resist him, as she'd casually told the laughing duo when they asked what happened. Remus, who'd seen the whole thing, had made a mental note to never annoy the usually bookish and docile Marlene McKinnon. She also told them if they were so determined to make sure arseholes like that didn't ask her out then they'd better start doing a better job. James had laughed at that and Sirius had looked at her a bit in awe, for once not carefully controlling his facial expression. Remus smiled to himself. That Sirius was in deep was of no doubt to him. It was also this year that Remus realized that while Sirius never openly stared at Marlene like so many others, he always sat himself so that she was within sight and if Remus was really paying attention he could swear he'd catch Sirius using his peripheral vision to watch her and would bet anything that Sirius was perhaps more aware of what she was doing than James was of what Lily was doing, and that was saying something. By sixth year it was a well known fact that one Bertram Aubrey, Hufflepuff Quidditch captain, Head Boy, golden haired and sunny of disposition, was the heartthrob of the girls of Hogwarts. Well he was a close second behind Sirius, but Sirius didn't date, Bertram did.