The Reaping Notice: I picture Azalea to look like actress Amy Nuttall. I wake up to find a bigger person cuddled in next to me this early morning and realise it must be my younger sister Katniss. Primrose, our youngest sister who sleeps in between us must have had a nightmare and gone to seek comfort from our mother, but of course she would have, it's the day of the reaping. I slowly unfurl Katniss's tight grip around me and get out of bed to put on my worn leather hunting boots that have been melded to my feet from years of use. I put on my trousers and a shirt, tying my red waist length hair into a single braid. I look across our single bedroom to see my sister Primrose (who we call Prim) cocooned in our mothers body. My mother was once very beautiful, or so they tell me but I've always known my two sisters were beautiful. Prim had a face that is as fresh as a raindrop, as lovely as the primrose for which she was named. At the bottom of Prim's feet lies the world's ugliest cat. Mashed-in nose, half of one ear missing, eyes the colour of rotting squash. Prim named him Buttercup, insisting that his muddy yellow coat matched the bright flower. He's okay with me being near but I don't think he likes Katniss at all. I think he still remembers the time she tried to drown him in a bucket when Prim first bought him home. The last thing we needed was another mouth to feed, Katniss told me but if he made Prim happy then I was willing enough for him to let him join our small family. Our lives are run by the Capital who split the city of Panem into thirteen districts. I was in district twelve, the coal miner's district. Today, the black cinder streets are empty, the shutters drawn as the reaping isn't until two. You may as well sleep in if you can. Our district is probably the poorest district which has two parts two it: the Mayor's village and the Seam. Our house is right near the outskirts of the Seam so I don't have to travel far to reach a field of grass we call the Meadow. Surrounding our district is a tall wall of barbed wire that was meant to keep you from going out and animals from coming in. For some people like Katniss and I it doesn't stop us from going into the forest beyond. It's the only place we can be ourselves without having to worry about offending the Capitol and getting your family publicly executed. I listen to see if the wires live, which it hardly ever is, the only time being after dinner for no more than three hours at most. I then crawl under the wires and head into the forest. The only good thing about the wire is that it's kept flesh-eaters out of District 12 but inside the forest they roam freely. My father was one of the few people brave enough to enter into the forest and brave the animals before he died. My father used to work as a coal miner but five years ago there was an explosion just as they entered the mines. We couldn't even bury his body. I was just eleven and Katniss ten at the time, Prim can hardly remember him. Katniss and I still wake up screaming five years later for him to run. Trespassing in the woods should be illegal but if you're brave enough or if you have a weapon then most people would risk it. My bow is a variety. My father was able to make a handful before he died and I've put them safely scattered throughout the woods covered under waterproof covers. I once tried to make a bow myself, let's just say I'm not a carpenter. Most of the Peacekeepers turn a blind eye to those of us that do hunt as there as hungry as the rest of us. In fact, they are our best customers but my father would never have been allowed to sell his bows to allow other people to hunt. The Peacekeepers would think he's starting a rebellion and he would have been publicly executed. "Hey Azzy," that was Gale, Katniss and myself eighteen year old best friend. When we first met we were near the mines and because of the noise we couldn't hear very well as we said our names. For Katniss he thought she said Catnip so that's what he started calling her four years ago, especially when a crazy lynx started to follow her around. For me he heard Azea and thought that was a funny name and so nicknamed me Azzy. My full name is Azalea Everdeen. My mother, before my father died, used to work in an apothecary in the nicer part of district twelve. Her parents were Merchants. She said if she ever wanted kids she wanted their names to be Primrose, Katniss and Azalea, Her three favourite plants, all found in the forest surrounding our district. Ever since the explosion my mother has been comatose, the only times she moves are if she is moved by some urgent purpose for a few seconds before she sits down again. Not even Prim's pleading gets her to stir. I was so angry at her for a long time, so was Katniss. We both had to learn how to hunt, how to cook and how to sell our spoils in the Black Market. I used to be so scared of it whenever my father and I entered that dark place but I soon had to brave the dark. I was scared of the dark you see. Katniss and I had to learn to be the head of the family early on in our lives, though I tried not to let Katniss shoulder too much responsibility she, as well as Prim were my younger sisters, after all. "Damn you Gale," I shouted at him. I had been tracking a beautiful female deer with a limp foot. It's not often you see dears this close to the edge of the forest, she must have wondered from her pack. "What are you going to do with that hundred pound deer Azzy?" he asked as he came to stand next to me. How was she supposed to hide an animal that big? It would be obvious that she would be hunting in the woods and then she would be executed and then where would her family be? "I was going to sell it," I told him. Either the Peacekeepers would buy it or the Hob will which is where I make most of my money. No one will pass down good meat. "Come on," said Gale and we made our way through the forest till we enter a small clearing at the top of a valley: it allowed us a perfect view from a rock that we sit against but we in return are surrounded by branches that keep us from prying eyes. Gale then brought out a loaf of fresh baked bread from the bakery up in the nicer part of District twelve. "Oh my god Gale," I grab the bread off him, ripped it in the middle and brought the bread up to my nose. The gorgeous, aromatic smell made saliva appear in my mouth. He must have been up earlier then me to get this bread so easily. "Yeah, I traded it only for a squirrel." It was one of the easiest sales he had ever made with the Baker but everyone must be feeling a bit off today and they had good reason to be. "He must have been feeling sentimental today." I was unknowingly agreeing with Gale. We could always trade with him but only when his monster of a wife isn't in the house or nearby. She hated what she called those 'Seam brats'. I brought out the cheese that Prim must have made me as a gift from her goat Lady. She knows that I absolutely adored the cheese she made Katniss likes it better with berries inside it. I think it takes away all the flavour. I unwrapped the basil leaf it was kept in and used it to spread half of it on each half of the bread while Gale stripped the berries from the bushes. This type of meal was only for special occasions. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds-" Gale had his version of Effie Trinket's voice on, a maniacally upbeat women that arrives once a year to decide who will be taking place in the Hunger Games. "…be ever in your favour," I finished. We had to joke about this otherwise the other option would be to be scared out of your wits. That wasn't an option for me, not with me looking after my family all day every day. I looked at Gale and noticed he could have been Katniss' sister. Straight black hair, olive skin, they even have the same grey eyes but they weren't related. It was just the way most people with families who work in the mines look. It was why my mother and Prim, with their light blonde hair and pale skin, and me with my dark red hair and green eyes were so out of place. My mother's parents belonged to a small merchant class that caters to officials, Peacekeepers, and the occasional Seam customer. They ran an apothecary shop in the nicer part of District twelve. Katniss was not the forgiving type and so she never forgot our mother who neglected us the second her husband died and her children were reduced to skin and bones. I do forgive people and so does Prim but if I feel like I've been betrayed at anytime then it's likely that I won't ever forgive them. Surprisingly I didn't feel betrayed by my mother unlike Katniss; I knew she would have had to have loved my father very much to leave the much better life she had. "We could do it, you know?" Gale spoke quietly, under his breath. "What?" I ask him. "Run away, go live in the woods." "And live Prim?" I asked him incredulously. Yes Katniss would be able to look after her but I don't want her to take on all that responsibility. I actually like looking after my family now and am basically the mother of it. Yes, I count my mother as my child because otherwise who would feed those hungry mouths that are always asking for more. Gale and I hunt in the woods daily, Katniss is okay with daggers but that's about it. It doesn't give her very good protection against flesh eaters. Gale laughed at that. "Maybe not." He knew that Prim might last with just Katniss looking after her but recently it's just Azalea as head of the family. She was the best hunter and once when she was trying to teach Prim how to hunt she cried over all the game she killed and hoped to heal them all when they went back to the house. Lately he had been thinking about leaving District twelve and he could have done it but then she reminded that they both had family to look after and he couldn't ask her to leave her sisters for him. They were her everything. "I've always wanted to have kids," Gale suddenly expressed and recently with you, he though in his head. He didn't dare say that out loud. He had always fancied her since he met her in front of the mines, with her flaming red hair and her kind personality towards everyone that she doesn't deem a threat towards her family. It definitely made her stand out towards him. If it wasn't for the Hunger Games I wouldn't mind the thought of children but at the moment my