-Forward- I know you probably want more All Hail the Time Lord's Son, but a bunny hopped into my room carrying a Fem!Harry bug so I thought I'd give it a shot. As to pairings, the first part will be James/Lily with a bit of sexy-but-not-citrusy fluff, but later on you can expect a whole slew of teenage romances. I've created varied, alternate universe portrayals (and therefore sometimes out-of-original-character) of characters. These may include deviations from canon in ideology, demographics, races, genders, sexualities (the entire spectrum of LGBTQI), etc. I will make it a point to respond to questions I see in reviews, so please do sign in or at least leave your username for me. My sounding board and beta-by-function-if-not-name doesn't read me for typos, so if you come across technical errors, please send me a private message. I appreciate your fastidious inclusion of those in reviews, too, but I read them more for opinions and have lost track of a correction more than once. Unless there's an anonymous comment I feel very important to address, I will not be using Author's Notes to respond to reviews, so again, log in or leave your username. That being said, I don't want to hear complaints about the choices in pairings, the genders, sexualities, etc., of the characters as I portray them unless there's a plot reason you see in this fiction contrary to said choice working. If you want to tell me you didn't like something, please give me your rationale based on my story because 'I hated this because it's not how I want it' doesn't really help me improve. Not your cup of tea? There's a whole cabinet full of your preferred flavour under the Search function. Thanks so much for reading, reviewing, and sticking with me through my crazy. Your praise and constructive criticism have helped me improve in more ways than you'll ever know. Chapter One - The Price October 1979 " The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches… born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies… and the Dark Lord shall mark our saviour as his equal, but the child shall wield power the Dark Lord does not… and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives. The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies." The spectral projection of the wide-eyed, beaded, shawl-draped woman spun slowly over a silvery basin, whose cool glow bathed its operator in harsh light and cast the darkened office around him into gloom. The lines etched into his time-furrowed face stood out in stark relief, and the sunspots scattered over his brow and chin seemed like ink splotches on bleached parchment. His icy blue eyes, shadowed beneath a heavy brow, glinted dully from their deep-set sockets. "Oh, Ariana," he murmured to the shadows and the sleep feigning portraits lining the walls. "I know of two children who should come into the world by July's end. I think their sweet souls deserve far more than such a fate; and yet, I hold the lives of thousands in my hands." An ethereal blonde with wide blue eyes and a placid smile blinked sweetly back at him from the ovular, silver frame perched near the right corner of his cluttered desk. The construction of oils, pigments and canvas tilted her head as if to listen but gave no advice. "Can our world afford to wait for the chosen one's maturity?" he sighed as he examined her innocent face. "Who dies if we continue as we are? How many more of our friends and children shall we lose?" For the first time in a very long while, the wizened headmaster felt at a loss. The conflict had grown from ideological disagreement to civil war. The ministry laid in shambles, brought to its knees by infighting and weak, inconsistent leadership. Soul-sucking monsters roamed the isles. Giants stormed through the countryside decimating forests and villages indiscriminately. Where once the conflict lay between the Aurors and the Death Eaters, near every wizard and witch fought one another for the right to keep on living. On one side, so-called Purists decried the blasphemies of the muggleborn population, claiming a conspiracy to undermine the time-honoured traditions and mores of an ancient culture. They called it Erasure, and they took up arms to protect the continuation of their religious practices, their law, and the very structure of their society. Within their number, many proposed the complete eradication of any magical borne of non-wizards, as these were sure agents of their destruction. In their view, the liberal, civilly disobedient muggleborn had begun a blood-based feud built upon a history of violence birthed in the fallout of the Second World War. It was the Purists' belief that these interlopers sought to steal the rewards of the Pureblood's birth by redistributing wealth, rewriting the laws to restrict time-honoured practices and traditions for the sake of a biased morality, and weakening wizarding bloodlines for the purpose of abolishing the Statute of Secrecy. To further strengthen and protect their world, Purists further believed it best to marry only amongst witches and wizards of established bloodlines, or in other words, with persons claiming magical grandparents. Still others advocated Separatism as the solution. These proposed the choice of adoption for magical children upon their first detection, along with the obliviation of any knowledge of the children's existence from those who knew them. In the Separatists' mind, no magical should ever bear the burden of muggle upbringing. They claimed any good parent would see reason and allow their child to be taken. The obliviation would follow the adoption (without the parents' foreknowledge, of course) to remove any possibility of exposure to unsavoury muggle influence. The most moderate of the Separatists, who encompassed a slightly larger percentage of the wizarding population, argued against the idea of kidnapping, even from Muggles. After all, were not the bonds of love between a parent and child tantamount to wizards' traditional family beliefs? These folk thought it most prudent to present the facts outright to the parents involved. They envisioned a system in which the first incidence of accidental magic resulted in a candid talk, wherein the importance of secrecy would be established and the necessity for magical schooling imparted. Muggleborn children would then learn the structure of their new world amidst other magical children of their ilk. They would attend these 'Centres for Muggleborn Assimilation' by day until their matriculation to Hogwarts or another reputable magical institution. At their majority, they would be given the choice: take vows of fealty and accept citizenship in the wizarding world, pay to expatriate to another magical nation, or return to muggle society with wands snapped, memories altered, and magic bound. These vocally dissatisfied groups comprised a third of the wizarding population, and though outnumbered, claimed the deepest coffers from which to fund an extended conflict. On the opposite end of the spectrum, thousands of men, women and children who identified as muggleborn, called themselves friends of muggleborn, or had descended from a muggleborn, muggle parent, or grandparent, comprised nearly half the wizarding world's population. They fought for equal treatment under the law, and for the right to live happily with their inborn magicks. The remaining portion, who held no interest in political discourse and simply wished to continue their lives in peace, were caught in the middle with every party demanding allegiance. If the so-called neutrals would not stand up for what was good and moral, the others argued, what right did they have to remain in their world? Despite the deep and bitter fault lines among these demographics, all had lost. Regardless of belief or background, everyone lived in fear. Save for a few zealots, it was impossible to tell whose colours one wore, after all, and spells often missed their intended targets when fighting broke out on public streets. Ironically, the aged headmaster thought his fellow wizards feared the wrong things when it came to the most likely outcome of their civil war. The Purists had not imagined an exponential shrinking of the magical population, after all, despite their questionable reasoning. Fewer magical children had been born to magical families, and their children bore only one or two pregnancies to term. The previous war, too, had decimated innumerable bloodlines and extinguished many promising new wizards and witches before they had the chance to procreate. Fifty-six million, three hundred and fifty-seven thousand muggles outnumbered the twenty thousand some magicals at a ratio of two thousand, eight hundred and seventeen to one. Of their small population, only the older generations claimed reliable competency in offensive or defensive magic thanks to Tom Riddle's curse, not to speak of each witch or wizard's inclination to fight. Within these and the subsequent generations, many muggleborn had long tired of the prejudice rampant in Britain's ancient magical society. Beneath the threat of death, torture, or the loss of their very identities, most fled for kinder climes. What motivation had they to remain when America, India, Australia, and other lands held no such compunctions against first-generation wizards? Those who stayed had no other option available to them. They lacked the funds, or they faced the decision of leaving loved ones behind if they fled. These fought bitterly against their fellow magicals, and each day grew bloodier. As a result, every battle brought greater scrutiny to their small, peculiarly powerful subset of humanity as the violence spread beyond their secrecy wards and repelling charms. Conspiracy theories ran rampant in muggle media for every downed bridge or decimated village. Even parts of London were not unscathed. Many incidents were dubbed 'communist terrorist attacks.' Albus Dumbledore was not the fool some old wizards were. He had worked alongside muggles in their war while fighting his own against Grindelwald's army of Nazi wizards and their hellish conjurations. He knew the power of muggle artillery, and he was intimately acquainted with the horrors scientific minds could unleash on their fellow human beings. He had been among those to liberate both magical and muggle death camps, and he had volunteered his skills to clean up the nuclear waste of the atomic bomb at Hiroshima in hopes of setting the crater on its path to recovery. He knew better than to underestimate those who lacked magic. Despite what his colleagues and peers thought, the wizarding world remained beneath the sovereignty of Her Majesty, Elizabeth II, and in light of their cooperation during the War, She and Her muggle government knew well the power of wizards. Needless to say, they were not amused, and their promises to bring the 'communist terrorists' to heel were a not-so-subtle threat. Either he acted to end the conflict before Her Majesty and Prime Minister Trudeau lost their collective patience, or he stayed his hand and exposed their world to the risk of extinction at worst, and total societal collapse at best. He thought they might find a way to stop the violence and the tyrant who lit the powder keg, but likely not within the time constraints placed upon Minister Bagnold by her muggle counterpart. And if, Merlin forbid, the Dark Lord Voldemort ended the war on his terms, it would not be long into his ruthlessly imposed 'peace' until the megalomaniac poked the sleeping lion that was the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. He dared not imagine what would remain of the naïve and ignorant wizarding populace in that event. Dumbledore expelled a long breath through his hooked nose, and his overlong moustache tickled his upper lip. Absently, he waved his wand at the offending facial hair, and the stray whiskers promptly smoothed together as if waxed into tameness. The wizard steepled his fingers over his folded knee as he considered the options. For so long, they had sought an answer, and as if hearing their desperate pleas, the