Lindir's birthday. Just as Elladan turned away from shutting the door, Lindir was pressed into his arms, nuzzling against his neck and slipping his hands underneath his shirt as they wrapped around the older elfs body. Elladan smiled softly down at him, his fingers carding through his hair affectionately and nails skimming over his scalp lightly, causing the younger elf to practically melt into his arms and bury into the crook of his neck further. "Did you have fun today, love?" Lindir nodded and brushed his nose across his skin, his hands curling over Elladan' hips. He made a soft noise of approval as Elladan' fingers moved over his ears, and Elladan couldn't help but let out a quiet laugh. He was certain Lindir had to be tired from running about all day, swimming and dancing. Elladan shifted him around to his side, fitting the younger elf beneath his arm, and began the trek up the stairs to his room. "Get everything you wanted?" he asked, just for the sake of conversation, because he knew that there wasn't anymore he could've possibly asked for. Lindir simply shook his head from where it was now pressed into Elladan' chest, the soft flannel of his sweater tickling his nose. Elladan was taken aback by his response, his brows furrowing in confusion and a little shock. He knew Lindir was spoiled, but not that much. What more could he have asked for? "What do you mean, Lindir? Our friends and family gave you everything you asked for." Lindir's hands ran up under Elladan' shirt, gliding up his chest and then back down as they stepped through his bedroom door. "S'not them," he murmured, pecking Elladan' neck as his fingertips ran along the strip of skin right over the waistband of his leggings. "Haven't gotten my present from you yet." Elladan pretended to be confused, brows furrowing as he let out a sound of offense. "What? No, I got you that da-" Lindir cut him off with a tug on his leggings. "And I loved it, but you know that's not what I want right now. I want what you know I've been waiting all day for, what you can't give me in front of everyone else." Elladan tilted his head back as Lindir began to mouth at his jaw line, his breath hitching as the younger elf's fingertips slipped right below his leggings, moving along the skin between his hips. " Lindir , my siblings are right down the hall." "And?" Lindir prompted, his hand moving back up to simply brush up and down Elladan' thighs because, no matter how much he wanted it, he never touched until Elladan said he could. "It's my birthday. M'sure they'll understand." Elladan couldn't help but snort at that, arching an eyebrow up. "They'll understand that their brother fucked an ellon senseless three doors down?" Lindir made a small noise at that, his nails digging into the skin above Elladan' groin slightly at the thought of Elladan pounding into him like he'd been wanting all day. " Yes ," he nearly hissed, his cock giving a twitch in his pants. "S'not like it's gonna sound like you're torturing me. Far from it." His hands moved back up, fingertips slipping underneath Elladan' leggings, gliding along the bare skin right above his groin and causing the older elf to let out a sharp breath through his nose. "Now, can we please stop talking about them? Who cares what they think? It's my birthday, and I get what I want. What I want is your cock buried so deep inside of me that I can't possibly think of anything else." Elladan' eyes closed briefly at that. Lindir was just so fucking shameless , and it drove him absolutely insane. Just the thought of being inside of the younger elf, of being surrounded by his slick heat, of having him writhing beneath him and flushed with pleasure, sent a shiver down his spine. "Yeah, yeah, okay," he relented, not even fully registering the words before they were out of his mouth, his body seeming to speak for him, his arousal overpowering his common sense, unable to say no despite the fact that Lindir's parents were a mere three doors down the hallway. But then again…he never really could say no, could he? Not when it came to Lindir. Not when it came to his lips and his touch and his fucking eagerness , his lack of self restraint, not afraid in the least bit to show Elladan what he wanted, willing to do anything Elladan told him in order to get it. Lindir instantly smiled, his eyes lighting up. "Yeah?" he said, wanting to make sure, his hands itching to touch, mouth watering, dying to taste. Elladan nodded, his hands promptly shooting down to grasp both of Lindir's wrist, jerking them away from him, knowing him too well. "You want it so bad? Show me," he instructed, voice going suddenly gruff, slipping into that familiar authoritative demeanor. Lindir nodded vigorously and dropped to his knees gracefully without a word, his hands clasping behind his back without being told to. He looked up at Elladan and swiped his tongue over his lips, wetting them, his pupils blowing out now that he was at eye level, his heart beat picking up pace. "Want it." One of Elladan' hands slipped into Lindir's hair, tugging at his curls until his head tilted back, their eyes locking. "I said show me," he reminded, voice going a little softer than before, unable to be too rough with Lindir when he was just so sweet and soft and willing . Lindir only nodded again, Elladan' fingers loosening in his hair so that the younger elf could tilt his head back down, his nose brushing over the line of Elladan' cock through his trousers. Elladan hummed, eyes darkening as they looked down at him. "Yeah. Just like that, love." Lindir nuzzled against Elladan' groin, his nose gliding along the cloth covered crease of his thigh, lips catching on where the material of his trousers rose up above his zipper. Elladan' free hand slid down Lindir's face, cupping his jaw gently. "Take my pants off." Lindir didn't need to be told twice, his head automatically tilting up so that his teeth could clamp down on the strings. He pulled it down with his ease, looking up at Elladan through his lashes as he did so, knowing how much the older elf loved it. Elladan groaned at the sight, his hands flexing against Lindir's jaw. His hand that had been in the younger elfs hair moved to push the material down until they rested at his lower thighs, not having the patience to take them all the way off, not when Lindir was on his knees and looking at him like he was. He then pushed the material of his boxers down to rest right above his leggings, his cock slapping up against his stomach once it was free, already flushed and hard, the cool air of the room hitting it and making him shiver subtly. Lindir's pupils expanded even more, eyes becoming impossibly darker, and he licked his lips absently as they ran down the older elf's length, taking in the way it was arched deliciously against his tanned torso. Elladan took his length in his hand and patted Lindir's bottom lip with the glistening head, causing the younger elf to let out an involuntary whimper. Lindir shifted restlessly as his hands flung up to grasp at Elladan' thighs, achingly close to the older elf's length but still not touching. His fingers dug into the smooth flesh to keep himself from touching, because, no matter how much he wanted to, he never did until Elladan said so. "Talk to me. Tell me what you want." He knew how much Lindir loved voicing it out, how much it embarrassed him to have to say it, to hear the vulgar words rolling off his own lips whilst turning him on at the same time. He was undeniably shameless, but when he was faced with Elladan' cock right in front of his face, he would always get flustered from how desperate it made him. Lindir's eyes flickered up to lock onto Elladan' own then, his cheeks already turning a little pink as his nails made faint indents in his skin, but he didn't hesitate to comply. "I...I wanna feel you on my tongue. I wanna feel you hit the back of my throat until I can't breathe, until my eyes are watering up. I want my voice to be absolutely wrecked when I wake up in the morning from choking on your cock. I - " He broke off, his voice already sounding too pitchy for his liking, too desperate. His eyes automatically dropped back down to where Elladan was arched up against his belly, feeling his ears burn with embarrassment even as his own cock twitched in his pants. He was about to clear his throat, fully intending on continuing after at least attempting to return his voice back to normal, when he felt Elladan' hand slowly slide up on his jaw until his fingers were spread out below his ear, his thumb and pointer grasping his ear lobe and giving it a gentle tug. Lindir and Elladan were all about silent communication. They knew each other's body language so well that only a few looks or touches were ever needed to get the message across, and Lindir knew without saying that Elladan did not approve of what he was trying to do. His assumption was proved correct as his eyes slid back up to Elladan' face to find the older elf's lips set into a firm line, his eyes gentle but chastising. Lindir's cheeks immediately began to burn as if they were on fire, a small noise escaping from high in his throat because he knew he'd disappointed Elladan, which was the last thing he ever wanted to do. Elladan' expression immediately softened ever so slightly, his hand sliding up from Lindir's jaw and up into his curls, his nails slowly beginning to skim over the elfs scalp and making him immediately relax, his eyelids fluttering shut briefly. "You were saying, darling?" Lindir visibly swallowed, adams apple bobbing as his shoulders drooped, the nails on his scalp making a little purr leave him as he leaned forward until his breath was faintly washing over the line of Elladan' cock. "I was saying that….that I want you to choke me with your cock," he breathed, voice breaking a bit, even as the words were said so matter-of-factly, as if he knew without a doubt that he would get it. Elladan knew he would. "Then - then I want you to bend me over and lick me open until I'm near tears like I know you can, to guide me open with your fingers until I'm slick and ready for you and shaking from how bad I want it." Elladan' teeth were clenched together, his chest rising and falling a little faster than normal as he struggled to maintain his composure, but he knew Lindir could tell he was slowly beginning to lose it by the way his eyes were locked on his intensely, a shy little smirk playing at his lips even as his cheeks were as red as the strawberry jello shots they'd had a few nights ago. "Then I want you to completely spread me open with your cock, El. I want you to slide in so deep it makes my toes curl. I want you to be able to see how tight and stretched I am around you, want you to pound into me so hard and fast that I don't even know where I am anymore, that my voice is breaking and my thighs are shaking, so that I feel it whenever I sit down tomorrow, so that everyone can see it whenever I walk, so that they