Hello all! For those of you who were waiting for an update for Grey Skies or Bound Together... Sorry! I promise this will be the last new story I begin until I've finished at least one of my other stories. Warnings: This story will contain some Dumble/Weasley bashing, I apologize if you aren't into that, but I am... Also, I've been reading a lot of the neglected Harry/WBWL stories, and I love them. So, with that said, this is a neglected Harry/Harry isn't the BWL story! As a note, Harry will have some interesting abilities. He will be a Smart/Powerful/Grey!Harry, but not godly. All Encompassing Story Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter! Philomisia and Compassion A Light In Her Darkened Mind . . . Today was the day… After waiting for three months since she turned eleven and received her letter, today was the day Andrea Potter would finally begin her Hogwart's Education. But, this wasn't the happy affair it should have been; at least, not for Andrea. Sure, she had been excited when she first read her acceptance letter. However, her mood quickly faded back to her normal depressing disposition before the end of that night. For what was there to be excited about if she couldn't attend the school with him around? Granted, she was still looking forward to learning all about magic, but there was none of the childish excitement felt towards the prospect that her peers would be feeling. For you see, she lost the person she cared about the most. Her eldest brother, Harry Potter. In her opinion, Harry was her only real family. She had her godmother, Andromeda Tonks, and her godfather, Frank Longbottom. She also had a big sister figure in Nymphodora Tonks. However, when it came to blood relatives, Harry was the only one she really thought of as family. She absolutely adored him. He was the person she looked up to the most, and the person she aspired to be like. When she was younger and he had still been around, it wasn't all that easy for her to make friends, considering every time other kids her age would come visit, they would only be interested in talking to her other brother, Jack Potter. The Boy-Who-Lived. But, this had never really bothered her, because Harry had always been there for her. To make her feel special. To make her feel cared about. Even when Tonks or one of his few other friends would come over to hang out with him, Harry would always bring her along so she wouldn't feel lonely. Yes, she loved Harry dearly. But, her parents and her other brother… Andrea didn't have kind words to say about any of them. She had originally gotten along okay with Jack, but that started to change when he started to become hostile towards Harry. Any time she would bring up Harry's name in conversation, Jack would get upset and say something to hurt her. Jack would constantly pick on her for spending time with their pathetic older brother. It got even worse once he started Hogwarts and almost constantly boasted to her about how he was a wizard, and Harry wasn't. And this coming year was going to be even worse. Jack was fourteen, beginning his fourth year at Hogwarts, and she was going to have to see him year round now. She wouldn't be getting a reprieve from him while he went off to school and she stayed home any longer. Before Harry left, Jack would always make fun of Harry and throw hurtful words his way; and her parents would never do anything about it. Her parents… Her parents took care of her, much more than they did Harry, but that was about it. Even when she was very young, she had a feeling that other kid's parents were much more caring and warm to their children than what she had received in her earlier years. This, of course, was caused by their undying pride in their Savior son. They would give all their attention to Jack and gave only the bare minimum to Andrea. She didn't hate her parents for this. Even though she always craved more attention and love from them, she didn't really hate them for fawning all over Jack. She hated them because of how they treated Harry. For however much they neglected her, they neglected Harry a thousand times worse. From Andrea's perspective, they barely even knew Harry existed. Hell, he had left home for almost two weeks at one point and they hadn't even noticed! In her mind, ignoring Harry was the greatest sin anyone could ever commit. For Harry was the most amazing big brother any sister could hope for, to the extent that sometimes Andrea thought of him more as a parent than her own mother and father. He was the one who cheered her up when she was sad. He was the one who would play with her when no one else would. He was the one who read her stories and tucked her in at night, instead of her parents who were pandering to Jack's every need. He was the one who would help her with whatever she couldn't do on her own, which at the time was pretty much everything. He was the one who would patch her up after she got hurt while playing or exploring. Yet, he was no longer there with her. Andrea didn't care in the slightest that Harry was a squib; she loved him with all her heart. But, sometimes she wished he wasn't. If he hadn't been a squib, maybe then her parents would have given him the time of day. Maybe they would have loved him like they should have. Maybe if they had shown him even a hint of affection, he wouldn't have run away. But they didn't; and he did. "Andrea?" Shaking her head, Andrea looked to her mother, who had just spoken. She bit the inside of her cheek to suppress the glare she wanted to send Lily Potter's way. "Yes, Mother?" Taking in her surroundings, she noticed that they were now at the platform for the Hogwarts Express. Her father and brother had gone on ahead and were talking with Arthur Weasley, the twins, and Ron. Molly Weasley and her daughter, Ginny, were headed towards her and her mother. Andrea figured she must have been really spaced out to not even realize they had gone through the magical barrier at Platform 9 ¾. "Are you alright, dear?" her mother said in a concerned tone. Andrea forced a smile on her face. "I'm fine, Mum. Just nervous I guess," she said before turning to the Weasley Matriarch as the older woman came up to them. "Hello, Mrs. Weasley." "Andrea, it's so good to see you. Are you excited for your first year?" "Yes! I can't wait to be sorted and learn all about magic," Andrea said with a fake bright smile. Not that the two Weasleys standing next to her or her mother would ever know. Then, she decided to say something she knew would sting both mothers. "I only wish Harry could be here to see me off," she said in a low tone, looking down to her feet with a sullen expression. Molly seemed to flinch at her words, but didn't say anything. Lily, on the other hand, went stiff and looked down to her feet as well, a pained expression taking over her face. Andrea was glad Jack was out of earshot. Otherwise, he would have said something demeaning about her favorite brother, which would end in an argument that would leave the whole group in a sour mood. "Yes. I think we all feel the same way, sweetie," Lily said in a soft tone. Andrea could see her mother's eyes glistening with unshed tears. The youngest Potter girl was pleased with the result of her words. She enjoyed causing her mother emotional pain by bringing up their missing family member. Maybe it was a bit cruel, but Andrea felt it was the least Lily Potter deserved for how she had treated her eldest son. It looked like Molly was now going to say something as well, but was beat to the punch by her father. "Something wrong, Lily?" James said as he wrapped an arm around his wife's shoulder, with Jack and the rest of the Weasley family close behind. Lily shook her head, wiping at the corner of her eyes. She glanced at Andrea and gave a small, sad smile before turning to look at her husband. "Nothing, dear. I'm just sad to see our daughter growing up so fast." Andrea knew her mother's words were true. However, she knew that the only reason Lily had said it out loud was because Jack was nearby. If she had said she was thinking of her eldest son, Jack would have started badmouthing the missing young man. This would lead to arguing between the woman and men of the Potter family, and Andrea knew her mother didn't want that to happen. Especially with their friend's family observing. James chuckled at Lily's words. "I almost can't believe our little Andrea is already going off to Hogwarts. Two of our three kids going to Hogwarts at the same time, what a day!" "Hah, not like Harry could even go to Hogwarts. The pathetic squib is probably dead somewhere," Jack said with a smug grin plastered on his face. As upset as Andrea was at her brother's comment, she knew that she didn't need to do anything. Someone else in their group would do the honors for her. Three… Two… One… SMACK! "Jack Charlus Potter! How dare you say something like that!" Lily said with a bloodcurdling glare aimed at her second born child. Andrea was actually very surprised that her mother had slapped Jack. Since Harry had left, Lily hadn't taken kindly to the demeaning words Jack would say about Harry, but, she had never once hit him. Although, Jack had never said something so terrible as to say Harry was dead before. Andrea looked on to see Jack bring his hand up to his reddening cheek with wide, fearful eyes. Everyone else was frozen in shock at seeing the loving and warm Lily Potter physically disciplining the Boy-Who-Lived. Sure, everyone knew Lily was terrifying when she was angry, but she had never hit someone before. It looked like Lily was about to go for a second verbal strike when James jumped in. "Alright, alright. I'm sure Jack is just excited to get to Hogwarts. Why don't we send the kids off, dear? The train will be leaving in a few minutes," he said, trying his best to calm his firecracker of a wife. "James! Did you not hear what he just said about Harry!" Lily said, turning her glare to the Lord of House Potter. Andrea's surprise at her mother's actions was replaced with amusement as she watched her father flinch back before holding up his hands in surrender. "I did, dear. I did. But, it's not like we have time for this. The train is about to leave, and unless you want Jack to miss the beginning of school, the kids need to get going," he said in a placating tone. Andrea watched as her mother's hard glare flicked between the two Potter males. "Fine. But, don't you think for even a second that this is over, Jack Potter. I'll be having a talk with you at Hogwarts," Lily said in a huff, turning to Andrea. Lily bent down to give her daughter a hug, which the girl returned as she whispered in her mother's ear. "Thank you. For sticking up for him." Andrea heard her mother sniff. Apparently, the emotions of her daughter leaving for school for the first time, coupled with her memory of Harry and the little confrontation only seconds ago had gotten to her. "It's a mother's duty to stand