FIC: "The Journey" AUTHOR: LadyAna FANDOM: LOTR – FPS: The movies were the inspiration, but the research was supplied by the books, the Elvish Name Generator and "the encyclopedia of arda" PAIRING: Aragorn / Legolas RATING: PG-13 (some gore) - - K+ DISCLAIMER: Copyright to J.R.R. Tolkien, Peter Jackson, New Line Cinema - this is solely for entertainment purposes and no profit is made from it. WARNINGS: Slash (M/M), first-time, AU, some gore, drama SUMMARY: Aragorn and Legolas aid a wounded animal during an Elven Ritual called "The Mahtan Elanessë" - The Maia, Ossë, was tempted for a time by Melkor. Ultimately, his spouse, Uinen, brought him back to Ulmo's(lord of water) service. It is said that those who call on the Spirit of Uinen while near water will either meet their god, Elwe, or their betrothed. This is after Aragorn has met Arwen, but she has not yet returned his love. AUTHOR NOTES: This was written for the Halloween Challenge on the Aragorn/Legolas Slash Yahoo egroup. However, I just wanted to say this version was NOT the one I initially entered into the contest. But, I did some serious improvements and would like for the tale to reflect the changes. thanx to elfscribe for some beta advice! Want to archive this tale? Fine, just let me know where!(...just so I can gloat!) Feedback is welcome, but remember I have a soft heart! I combine book and movie canon and...sometimes I dismiss both entirely. Just don't be surprised if things are changed around. DEDICATION: This story is dedicated to my favorite A/L authors(...you know who you are!). Also, Cactuskim, the Theban Group, Thalassa, jayay58, Tien, Agrotora, Elisa of "Lassegalenslaire" and anyone else who plays with pics of our boys! SPOILERS: I can't keep track of all the spoilers I use, so read at your own risk! "The Journey" by LadyAna Grey Elves - An Elvish people of Telerin origin. Coming to the western shores of Middle-Earth with the others of their kin, they did not pass across the sea, but remained in Beleriand. Some had tarried there searching for their lord, ELWE, while others were persuaded to remain by OSSE, the Maia. OSSE was tempted away from Ulmo(lord of water) for a time by Melkor. Ultimately his spouse UINEN brought him back to Ulmo's service. The Elf looked over at his traveling companion, seeing he was still asleep. Aragorn shifted and Legolas took a closer look to make sure the Ranger wasn't having a nightmare. The grey eyes flitted behind closed lids and his breathing was uneven, but not erratic or restless. Satisfied his friend was merely dreaming, the Elf went back to the task of obtaining water a short, but obscured distance away. It was times such as now, he was glad he did not absolutely require such deep repose. He was running, desperation blotting out the dry, cold air singeing his lungs. Anor had fallen and he was scampering over the darkened forest floor in heated pursuit. He was seeking sustenance, aching to devour, to alleviate the great cavern within. He tilted his head back in giving praise to Rana, which lighted his way through the huge trees and dead foliage. Sniffing the chilled winds, he knew his quarry was near. The craving was maddening, this passion to consume, to fatten himself with the essence of the other carnivorous stalker who dared to enter his woods. He smelled water nearby, his hunger tripled and upon increasing his pace, he quickly came before a small lake. It was only vapid satiation, but better than none, so he began to gulp the icy liquid. Silver-grey eyes were reflected in the frozen sheen...and were matched by two oval mirrors of Anduin. Peace suffused him, calmness allaying the sealed, yet yawning chasm... He stirred, the image draining quickly, leaving him shaken. It was the warmth of the fire that told him he was dreaming. Again. Opening his eyes, the Elf was there, on the other side of the fire, making food. "You are awake." It was a statement more than a question. Aragorn knitted his brow. "You could tell?" "Your breathing changes." Aragorn smiled. "I see. But is it such a good thing to have an Elf so well tuned to my actions?" Legolas smiled as well and came closer to reach him a steaming bowl. "But, of course. If you were ailing, who would track the game for me to cook?" Aragorn laughed, knowing full well his friend was more than capable of such a task. He took the proffered meal and began to eat the vegetable and rabbit mix. They ate in compatible silence for a few minutes, when Legolas said, "Thank you...for coming with me." Aragorn looked up. "Legolas, we had this talk. I had no problem accompanying you, even if it was to simply appease your father. I fully understand you had no choice." He stirred the contents of the large cup in his hands and said, "After all, the Mahtan Elanessë' is to make destiny clear, fate sound, life fulfilled.'" ("To Journey for Elwë or Uinen ") The Elf looked at him sharply. Aragorn met the confused eyes with his own bewildered stare. "What?" The smooth brow of the Elf furrowed in concentration, speculating his initial belief. "I have...heard that saying before." "Of course you have. It is the reason behind the quest; to appropriately determine your future." Legolas was deep in thought, not entirely sure he should voice his reasoning. "Yes, that I know. But I have not heard anyone say it recently...and I recall that particular phrase from...somewhere else." "Where?" Both heads suddenly turned in unison to a doleful call no full human could hear. The Man strained to make out the sound. "Aragorn?" The Ranger kept his ears tuned to the sad bidding in the distance. "Aragorn!" the Elf said more insistently and he turned to face the Sindar. Aragorn wasn't aware he'd stood and taken a few steps in the direction holding his attention. "What is it? Are you well?" His memories came late, of standing and oddly, remorsefully, walking away from the Elf. "I'm sorry." he muttered, more contritely than intended. What was this sad, rueful yearning? Realizing his bewilderment must be from fatigue, he shook his head to clear it. Was he still that tried? Trying to hide his confusion, he forced a smile. "I am fine. We are near the lake; perhaps the tainted spirit of Ossë is afoot." Legolas smiled and Aragorn turned back to the darkness. "What...do you suppose it is?" The archer dropped his head for a moment, also gauging the demanding lament. The lyrical voice was strained, "It sounds like a wounded animal." The healer in the Ranger took over and he resisted the urge to fling himself into the forest looking for the injured creature. "Elerossë Oronrá"("Have mercy, Maia' Radagast.") The Elf knew full well what was on the Man's mind. "You want to help, don't you?" Aragorn blushed and smiled as he turned to his friend. The Elf was smiling as well, his arms folded, the yellow fire warring with his natural silver luminosity. The man's eyes dropped as he answered, "Of course I do." "Then let's!" The Elf eagerly suggested, grabbing his bow and tossing the Ranger's pack to him. Aragorn was dumbfounded. "But...what about the ritual? Legolas shook his head. "I told you, Aragorn, I do not truly follow that folklore." That left him uneasy, yet he said neutrally, "As you wish." The Ranger looked skyward, towards Rana, how it was veiled a sickly yellow color. "I just thought after we had left the castle grounds you said you wanted to call upon the Spirit of Uinen." The tone was wistful and quite mocking. "Yes, right...'to embark on a treacherous path, to test and guide my cowed heart either to my mate or to my god.' Well, I have been 'delivered to my god' - that is, to no one - for as long as I have taken this ridiculous journey at my father's command!" Aragorn smiled and countered the Elf's ire with the rest of the legend, "Or you could be sentenced to the icy depths with Ossë while he was under the influence of Melkor." Legolas empathetically considered the Ainur's limited descent into the Black Realm. The Elf certainly did not endorse such a corruptive conquest, instead recognizing the massive void inherent of personal denial. The archer thought a minute before muttering, "To tempt a Maia', Melkor would have to be quite the seductive predator." Aragorn snapped his head up. "What did you say?" Legolas became hesitant, feeling foolish for even speaking aloud. "...I said..." The horrid wail sounded again, cutting him off. "Let us go before we are too late." "Of course." With Aragorn in front, both of them headed into the clump of trees which nearly mottled out the already waning moon. As they began their search, Aragorn waited a bit before asking the question that had been on his mind from the start, "I must ask, if The Mahtan Elanessë' is to find you a betrothed, why did your father allow me to accompany you?" The archer laughed a bit. "It is to find me a partner, Aragorn, not a wife to produce heirs." The tone was now completely sarcastic. "I simply told him I had grown quite close to you as of late!" Surprised, he stopped looked at his friend. "Truly?" The dark brows lifted at the Ranger's curiosity. "Yes. You are a good friend he has known for years. He trusts you. And...well.. ." "And?" "And...my other good friend, Lakin, the one who has covered for me, as I have for her, all these years our parents tried desperately to marry us off, was busy this time." The Elf pondered how, strangely enough, Lakin had been called away due to her mother's inexplicable illness. The healers had no idea what had befallen her and Lakin was at a loss with worry and fear. Such mystery maladies were not unheard of in the Elven world, but it was exceedingly rare. Aragorn could barely contain his whoop of laughter. "Oh, so I was chosen because your other, disinterested friend was occupied! I am so honored!" Shoving his friend's right shoulder, Legolas retorted, "That is not true and you know it! I wanted to spend time with you, especially since you had to take a rest from being a Ranger for a while." "That is true." The Man was quite surprised to discover where he was to train at this time had been overrun by Orcs to the point it was deemed unsafe. He did find it very coincidental that it happened to work out both of them were free this particular season. Such probability was rare for them this time of the year. "But as I said," the Elf continued, "this 'journey' has been a continuous, repeatedly fruitless endeavor." He shook his head. "I know my father just wants to see me happy...but he what he wants will not come to pass, especially this time." At this Aragorn countered with, "What about what you want?" This time the laugh was bitter. "As I said...it is impossible." "Please explain." The Sindar sighed deeply, starting to wish Aragorn would just drop the subject. "My father and I want the same thing. I just do not believe the 'Spirit of Uinen' will ever speak to me." The Ranger understood the Elf was simply using mystical metaphors to state he would never find a mate. "Surely, you do not believe that, do you?" Legolas' brow cinched and it took him a minute to answer. His words were a little tinged with regret, "Honestly Aragorn, it may happen, but I doubt Osse wishes to be parted from Melkor any time soon." Before the Ranger could speak he heard a low moan and both became utterly silent. Even their breathing was shallow to hear the source of the soft mewl. They went a