DISCLAIMER : I don't own Lord of the Rings, its characters, its concepts or anything associated with it. They are the property of J.R.R. Tolkein, Peter Jackson and probably some other people too. I am using them for my own amusement only. I am not making any money from this. No infringement is intended. SUMMARY : Eighteen years later, it would finally make sense. In the meantime, Pippin made him tea. MARCH 14TH-15TH, 1420, SR Merry falls asleep feeling oddly disconcerted and almost immediately dreams himself flying, whipped through air as if in the talons of a nazgul and heading toward a mountain range as black as ink and sharp as the teeth of a wolf. The stars are fading into black, one by one by one. He spots the Fellowship standing on the crest of a hill. Gandalf gives him a glare of grim exasperation, absently tracing designs in the dirt with his staff. Boromir, several arrows in his chest, stands beside Legolas and Gimli; all of them watch Merry curiously, their arms folded, their heads tilted at identical angles. Behind them, Aragorn is teaching Frodo, Sam and Pippin how to jump into a campfire. I warned you, Master Meriadoc, Gandalf says to him, less than a breath of a moment after Merry tries to scream for help. Soon the hillcrest is behind him, but Gandalf's voice reaches him easily. I told you this would happen. He sounds smug, resigned. You knew. You knew. Merry blinks, and the black mountains are directly in front of him; less than a second after he realizes it's going to happen, he hurtles face first into a floor made of stone. He finds himself standing on a battlefield. Grassless, coated with thick gray dust and splintered stones, miles above ground and oddly blue in some places, it looks deserted and smells like death. Don't move your feet, he tells himself, or is something telling him? Nothing is worse than disturbing the dead. I'm looking for someone, he realizes, and instantly it is true. He needs to find them now before Middle Earth erupts. Theoden appears, riding a horse with no head, the hilt of a tarnished sword sticking out of his abdomen. His hair is long and matted and white. Why did you do that? The dead king leans forward, appraising him. His teeth are black. I need to find someone, Merry says. You waited too long, says Theoden as his hair blows away in a stale breeze. No one is here for you to save. Merry has known this from the beginning but isn't going to let it stop him. Can you tell me how to move without disturbing the bodies? I will say no more on the matter. Theoden turns his horse and is instantly gone. He is suddenly wearing armor. Merry gasps as the helmet grows heavy, oppressive, hot. His fingers tremble and his right hand slips two, three, four times as he tries to wrestle it off and it forcibly clings to his head. Panic rises in his chest, and when the helmet finally releases him, Merry flings it away. It lands in a river of molten lava sneaking across the battlefield. Trails of smoke begin to rise where the magma touches old bones. No , he cries. I'm trying to help. Of course it's too late. Already the wooden boat is floating by; Merry remembers sitting in it and feels sick. Carried on the stream of lava, it passes him and Merry sees Boromir's body, laughing and clutching the horn of Gondor. He opens his mouth to apologize but suddenly Boromir is gone and Eowyn, dressed all in black, leaps at him, screeching, and pins him to the ground. You didn't know what to do, she growls, eyes glowing black, teeth bared inches from his face. No one would tell me, says Merry. Eowyn's claws dig into the sand, trapping his wrists above his head. The touch of her skin on his is colder than ice. And who was supposed to help you? She laughs; the sound is piercing and cruel. The trees? Merry wants to speak and finds he can't. She rolls away and he can't move. The back of his head rests on bones; he knows he's going to get in trouble but can't command his muscles. The sky darkens, the air suddenly frigid. Bones crunch with the sound of footsteps. He knows who it is but doesn't want to see, needs to see and can't. Merry blinks and is on his feet again, cold and numb and trembling. The figure in front of him, eyes yellow and wide as saucers, bends over, chewing on fingerbones, half-naked, emaciated. Under one arm, he holds the palantir tightly to himself. Put it down, Pip, Merry says. His voice is dry and high-pitched. Pippin throws the pieces of chewed-on bone into Merry's face, lets out an earsplitting growl and jumps into the river. He and the palantir disappear into the lava. Gasping, Merry runs to the bank, falls to his knees, starts digging. The magma feels oddly like warm pudding. He can hear the skin on his fingers start to sizzle as his breath grows harsher, drier, higher. When the surface breaks, the shriek that comes from his throat is no different from Eowyn's. The Witch King bursts from the river and grips Merry's left hand. Merry lets out a Nazgul's scream. The witch king holds his sword above his head before plunging it into Merry's right hand, up his wrist, up his arm, through his elbow, to his shoulder. The blade is cold and piercing and Merry can't tell his voice from that of the wraith in front of him, and "Shhh, Merry. Merry. Merry, it's all right. Wake up." He can't breathe. A hand rests on his forehead, while another one, as warm as flame, grips his fingers. Thick blankets weigh him down, warm and damp and suffocating. "It's all right, Merry. I've got you. You're safe here. Merry. Merry it's me. Wake up." The voice is gentle, soothing, familiar. Yet wrong somehow. Merry takes a deep breath and feels the muscles in his brow twitching. "That's it. You're all right. I'm here." The first hand goes away. Merry tries to open his eyes and can't, tries to shift and can only move one arm. Two hands clutch the other; their touch unnaturally warm. "Hullo, Merry. It's me. I'm going to put something on your arm, to help you." That voice shouldn't sound like that, but Merry can't figure out why. The accent is familiar and comforting. He opens his eyes, and the first thing he sees is flickering candlelight illuminating curly hair. A warm, wet cloth brushes his arm. His skin prickles, and he can smell something foreign and vaguely familiar at the same time. "That's it, Merry." Pippin is smiling, but his eyes are wrong. "Just a nightmare. You're all right. You're back home now." Candlelight dances in the corners of his bedroom. He takes a deep breath, studying it because he doesn't want to look at Pippin's face. "Was I shouting?" he whispers. Pippin doesn't answer. Silence for a few minutes, and that feels wrong too. The warmth of the cloth – the smell of atheas – grounds him and begins to chase away the long-forgotten numbness in his arm. Later, Merry sits heavily at the kitchen table, and when Pippin passes him a full mug, he grips it with his left hand. He slides it back and forth, watches the foam swirl around the edges. His teeth feel too sharp and something inside him prickles and won't settle. "Did you know this would happen?" he asks without looking up. He tries to put as much venom into the words as he can, but at the moment forming them is hard enough. Pippin, bustling around like a kitchen maid, banging pots and pans together for who knows what reason, doesn't notice. Fool of a Took. "Not exactly," Pip replies, shutting one cupboard and opening another. "Aragorn told me it might, on the anniversary, but even he wasn't sure. He told me not to tell you, in case you knowing would make it happen." Merry grits his teeth. He wants to say something mean. Pippin brings two steaming mugs to the table; Merry hadn't even noticed the fire in the hearth. His right arm feels no heat, but he takes a deep breath and smells mint. His favorite. Pippin has never cared for mint. Gently, Pippin sets the mugs on the table, the green one in front of Merry, the blue one at his own place. "There," he says with a cheeriness Merry can't comprehend. "Ale and tea. Just in case." Merry can't look at him. His anger fades like a candle under glass, leaving him empty and brittle. For a moment, the fingers of his left hand shake and he feels that if he moves, he will cave in. He can hear Pippin slurping his own tea. He wants to apologize for snapping, for waking him up, for everything. Instead, he bows his head and scrunches his eyes shut. The sound of a mug being set on the table. The scraping of a chair on the floor. A hand on his back, a hand gripping his shoulder. Gritting his teeth, Merry covers his eyes with his left hand, as if to rub away the stinging. Pippin is holding him tightly, and it's exactly what Merry needs and the last thing he wants. He remembers the day Gandalf fell into the pit, how out in the sunlight Pip had cast himself to the ground and Merry held onto him. By steadying Pippin, he steadied himself and now Pippin is trying to steady him and it's all wrong. Pip is not the serious one. Ever since he rode away on Shadowfax, he's grown older, wiser, something Merry always told him to do but never actually wanted. Somewhere in the midst of this mess, Merry knows this is his fault. Pippin is whispering to him. Over the sound of his own voice shaking, Merry can't make out the words. A hand is rubbing his back. Merry's right arm hangs dead and useless in his lap. When he finally opens his eyes, through vision that has been heavily blurred, he can see the dull glow of sunrise out the window. "March fifteenth," he says, his voice gruff. "March fifteenth," Pippin echoes. Merry takes a deep, shaking breath, rubbing his eyes with his mobile hand. "M'sorry Pip." Pippin almost laughs. "It's all right, Merry. It's not your fault. It could have just as easily have been me." But it wasn't, Merry both wants and doesn't want to say. Pippin has never woken up screaming, and they both know it. If he's dreamed about the palantir within the last few months, he's said nothing. To chase away the silence, Merry takes a sip of his tea. He wonders if Eowyn is feeling the same thing. In his mind's eye, he can see her, sitting in the window of a castle somewhere, the White Lady of Ithillen. She is crying, Faramir is holding her, and Merry doesn't know if it's real or his mind or another dream or what. The image is comforting in its own way, and when Merry bows his head a second time, when Pippin hugs his shoulders and holds him close, he lets himself be consoled. MARCH 14TH-15TH, 1421, SR Stop it! Merry cries. She's not dead. His voice comes out a whisper. Pinned between the roots of Old Man Willow, Merry watches Eomer and Treebeard shovel dirt onto Eowyn's body. Bits of gravel crumple and slip to the ground when her chest rises; Merry tries to scream for help but makes no sound. Off to the side, Boromir and Theoden laugh over quarts of ale as the clearing begins to flood and Old Man Willow coils his root tightly around Merry's right arm, like a snake.