A/N: This is my first attempt at a LoTR fic, and while I have put many hours of research into developing the characters and background of this story, I have no doubt there will be mistakes and inconsistencies. I do apologize in advance. I am going to follow along with the Books (loosely) and not the Movies (which I loved, but... giving Glorfindel's part to Arwen? Pffft, come ON Peter Jackson). In fact, the events of this story will be pre-LoTR. So, just a little back story to get things started: We pick up here in SA 1697 after the fall of Eregion and essentially with the founding of Imladris (for the first past of this chapter, at least). For those of you who aren't overly familiar with the War of the Elves and Sauron, you may find things confusing until we really get going, as we're sort of jumping right into the thick of things to start. This story will work on the pretense that Glorfindel of Rivendell is one and the same with Glorfindel of Gondolin (though this has never been formally addressed by either J.R. or Christopher Tolkien), in other words Glorfindel is called back from Mandos' Halls (reincarnated, whatever you'd like to call it), in this case during the mid-Second Age. The main character for this story IS an O.C. I have integrated into canon, I'm sorry if this offends or annoys anyone, but I'm just letting you know straight up. If you don't like it, I wish you better luck with another fic. I'm not going to tell you her life's story as I think most of the fun in reading is getting to know the characters we are reading about, discovering their backgrounds and personalities, etc. I apologize for any confusion this may cause, but I do promise that if you just continue to read, all of your questions (hopefully) will be answered. And if not, feel free to PM me. And that is my long-winded preface, so without further ado, please enjoy! The newly forming moon peered out from behind one thick gray cloud only to be blotted out swiftly by another, caught in a never ending game of hide-and-seek with the twinkling stars. Although a peaceful sight, the night sky did not hold the attention of the elleth who sat beneath it. Her focus was both on the gently lapping waters of the pool at her feet, stirred by the spring fed falls which emptied into it, and at the same time on a far distant memory the sounds of the cascading water evoked. Voice rising almost intrepidly at first, as though afraid it would somehow disturb the song in her mind, she began to echo the melancholy melody she had heard lamented so many times before by a tongue far more gifted than her own. "It has been some time since I have heard those words." Breaking off with a start, she turned her gaze on the dark figure which had come to stand so close without her notice. "Forgive me, I did not mean to frighten or disturb you, Adhel," the gentle tones assuaged. Drawing herself up from the dewy grass, she forced herself to take a settling breath. "Please, there is no need to apologize." "Very well. It seems then that sleep eludes us both so far this night. May I join you?" "Of course." As he moved nearer to her former resting place the moon once again broke free of cloud cover, bringing his well-defined features into sharper relief. The intelligent gray eyes which sought out her own had lost all of the bitterness she recalled seeing in them many hundreds of years ago, long since replaced by a warm acceptance of past events. Under their scrutiny she applied her consideration once again to the crystalline waterfall in the distance. "I have yet to hear a voice to rival his in song or poem." Biting the inside of her cheek softly, Adhel dipped her head in silent agreement. "I see much of him in you," he went on, and she found the statement not accusatory as it may have been if coming from any other. "He loved you very much." "I miss him. Every day," she finally relented, the admission little more than a whisper. The hand which touched her elbow was careful and encouraging. "When I close my eyes I still hear his voice." "As do I many nights. His was a troubled soul." Taking pause, he schooled his thoughts. "I know that with Celebrimbor's passing you may feel that you are alone, Adhel. And while others may yet hold the memories of the Kinslayings close to heart, not even they can see fault in you for the grievous errors made by the Sons of Fëanor. It is my greatest wish and desire that you know I stand your friend. There will always be a home for you here in Imladris should you want it." Trembling fingers hid the tears she felt shameful at even shedding in his presence. "I'm sorry." "Do not be, it was not my intention to further upset you," he insisted evenly. "I realize that you have not always been treated with the kindness you deserve, but I forgave Maedhros and Maglor many years ago, and I would not see you burdened any longer by the guilt of deeds you had no hand in committing." Benevolently, he took her hands between his own, lowering them from her wet cheeks in a firm embrace. "You must not be an end to the name of your house, Adhel, but a new beginning." "I cannot erase the pain and anguish my kin have caused for so many, of which they will be reminded each and every time they hear my name," she managed with a constricting throat as fresh waves of sorrow threatened to choke her. "It is not your responsibility to atone for the transgressions of your father and uncles and none may rightfully expect it of you. Do not live forever beneath the shadows of a remorse not even your own to feel." Lowering her chin, Adhel sought to regain some small measure of control with closed eyes, and was eventually able to stifle her grief. She felt the cool linen of his sleeve dry the salty remnants of tears from her face and her cheeks once again burned with humiliation at losing her composure so completely. "Tired now?" he prompted mildly, and she could sense the smile behind his words. Raising her eyes up to meet his quiet observation, she gave an answering nod. "Thank you, Elrond." "I have done nothing." He tucked her arm delicately inside his own and guided her away from the noise of the falls. "Come, let us return to our beds before the sun is greeting us." Two Years Later.. Beneath the silky covers of her bed, Adhel let her eyes drift shut, and it was still Maglor's strong voice which took up its haunting melody in her dreams, backed by the crashing waves of the sea on whose shore his soul was forever condemned to wander. It seemed hours before she resigned herself to another night bereft of sleep and slipped from her chambers. This night she did not follow the call of the tumbling waters of the falls, but instead took a path which led in the opposing direction. When not hindered by clouds, the moon's light filtered down through the shadowy canopy overhead, drawing her concentration upwards and away from the uneven ground her bare feet tread. She was coming to a break in the forest, the proximity of the trees opening up to allow the full brilliance of the night sky, its edge tinged by the coming dawn, to be appreciated. Taking in a deep breath of the clear, sweet air, Adhel rocked back on her heels a little, merely watching the darkness in its slow withdrawal. The unfortunate circumstances surrounding her past and the ambiguous nature of her future still gnawed at the corner of her mind, but just for a moment she allowed herself to think of nothing but the new day that was breaking before her eyes and the promise it yet held. For the majority of her life she had awoken each morning, and for a fraction of a second in her soul she felt peaceful and light. She felt the potential of a day that had not yet begun, of the infinite possibilities it offered; the same possibilities it offered to any other of her race. The moon hung stubbornly in the sky even as each of its night comrades winked out of sight, but soon even it would fade from view, but a pale comparison to the radiance of the rising sun. The first songbird warbled a tune to greet the impending dawn. With a soft exhale Adhel prepared herself to return to her room and face the day absent any real rest to speak of. As she dropped her gaze from the sky and began to turn, she at once noticed the still form of a male in the middle of the small glade. If it were not for the peculiar state of his dress, she may have believed him sleeping and left him undisturbed. As it was, she could but stare at the torn and bloodied armor which appeared to be singed badly in places. He lay so perfectly motionless that she began to fear he had already passed on, but a few moments silent deliberation saw his chest rise slowly. "Hello?" Adhel forced herself to speak finally, breaking into the chorus of birdsong that had been steadily growing in volume. "Are you injured?" When she received no response a shiver crept up her spine and she bit her lower lip anxiously. If he was wounded, as it seemed from the poor condition of his armor he must be, then she must hurry back to the palace and fetch aid. Yet leaving him lying alone in the glade was trusting that his injuries were not so serious he would not be dead upon her return with help. Stealing herself, Adhel moved nearer. Upon closer inspection, it became immediately clear to her that he was indeed of her kind, the badly damaged armor of a distinctly Elvish craft. She knelt carefully, taking in the filigreed flower upon the breastplate, its paint scorched and flaking so as to make the colour indistinguishable, before shifting her focus to his face. Apart from a few smudges of soot upon his high cheekbones and well defined jaw, she could discern no visible flaws or hurts over his smooth skin. But it was his flaxen hair which caught and held her attention, as it was a rare trait, and she couldn't help but wonder from whence this golden warrior had come. "You must wake up," she urged gently, at a loss. The many stains covering his clothes were dark and long since dried, and she did not sense from his relaxed features and steady breathing that he was in any pain. Reaching out, she nudged his shoulder lightly, but found the thick guard there prevented her actions from having much effect. "Wake up," she insisted more adamantly, with similar success. Adhel pressed her lips together and glanced once more in the direction of the palace. Resolving that going and retrieving support was her only remaining course of action, she rose to her feet and had taken a step toward that purpose when something stopped her. She turned back slowly and nearly stumbled when her gaze locked with that of the fair-haired ellon. For the space of a moment silence reigned as they regarded each other. "Where am I?" his voice was the first to give question, rough from disuse. "Imladris. Lord Elrond's realm," she supplied for him, stooping quickly when he made to sit up. "Are you hurt?" "No." The answered seemed to come automatically, as when he pushed himself up from