Of Wolves and Bears Disclaimer: I may not own the characters but I do own the story. Please make sure you read the warnings at each chapter to avoid reading anything you don't like! Enjoy! " Two households, both alike in dignity, In fair [Forks], where we lay our scene, From ancient grudge break to new mutiny, Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean. From forth the fatal loins of these two foes A pair of star-cross'd lovers take their life; Whole misadventured piteous overthrows Do with their death bury their parents' strife. The fearful passage of their death-mark'd love, And the continuance of their parents' rage, Which, but their children's end, nought could remove, Is now the two hours' traffic of our stage; The which if you with patient ears attend, What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend." A/N: I was reading Of Wolves and Bears, and blushing at the childishness. Time to revamp the story! The content won't change that much - although I might alter the ending, and add onto it. I'm mostly editting word-choice and so on, as well as cutting out the chapters differently. Original chapters 1 to 40 will change quite a lot as they strike me as the most lacking in maturity. Chapters 41-60 won't change as much, although as mentioned we'll see what happens to the ending. I'll be posting as I edit the chapters, enjoy! Lineia Chapter I: Changes, changes "Hey Bella!" I exclaimed. She was stunning, in a blue dress. Even with a leg in cast she was incredibly ... perfect. "Hey Jake!" She replied, a dashing smile illuminating her face. "Wow, you look ... Wow!" I uttered, cursing myself for babbling like bumbling baboon. "You don't look half bad yourself." She complimented, and I could feel heat diffuse in my cheeks. She added "So you're crashing the party?" "Um ... Please don't kill me ... My dad paid me to come talk to you... Twenty bucks." Her smile faded, and I cursed myself; what I said was like declaring I didn't want to see her... "Well, what does Billy want me to know?" Her voice had a cold tingle. This wasn't going as I had planned. In my wildest fantasies, she had invited me in, we danced, kis- "Jacob?" She interrupted my train of thoughts. "Oops, sorry. Please don't kill me... He wants... Dad wants you to break it up with your boyfriend. He said, quote 'we will be watching'." I could see the fake smile slide in as she plastered it on her face. "Well, tell your dad ... thanks, and remind him to pay you up." She strained to get up, and I sprang forward to help her, but before I could, a cold menacing voice rose from behind me. "Jacob - I'll take care of Bella." The white boyfriend appeared from nowhere, addressing me a pointed glare. He took hold of Bella and they turned their backs to me. I could feel my heart sink to the bottom of my shoes. Crap. So she was still with the Cullen, I was still left alone, but now she hated me. This couldn't get any better... Before turning to leave, I heard the Cullen boy mutter "I leave you alone for one second and the wolves come running..." What wolves? Utterly disappointed, I turned around, all my fantasies shattered. I knew I never should have taken the twenty bucks from Dad. I slowly walked back to the rez'; I had a least an hour-long walk ahead of me, I could only hope it would be enough to cool me down before I got back... I realized that my jaw was clenching hard, and I forced myself to relax. What had I expected? That she would leave everything and come running to my arms? Of course not, she never had seen me in a ... romantic way, that was for sure. But I would make her! Hell would freeze over before Jacob Ephraim Black accepted defeat! With my new-found conviction I started formulating a plan. Well, I tried anyway... nothing much came... I had to admit that I'd never been one for scheming, I was more of an 'acting' kind of guy. I could just invite her to the rez' and see what comes out of it. I'd invite her to… to what? Fix cars? Freeze on the beach? Take her to Sam and his disciples for some cliff-diving? Mud pies? I chuckled to myself. Yeah, right, mud Pies, good one, Jake! I felt despair slowly creep up onto me. I didn't even know Bella anymore, she felt like a stranger, maybe we were 'star-crossed lovers'. Shake-fucking-spear! I had never understood the hatred my father entertained towards the Cullens. One had stolen my Bella, granted, but that wasn't particular to the family. I knew the legends, of course, but I also knew that's all they were, legends! That Cullen boy couldn't exactly be a 'cold one' ready to murder everyone. And I certainly didn't have any relation - close or distant - to a damned wolf. Me, a wolf's descendant! Anyone heard of Darwin and the Evolution? Anyway, Dr. Cullen had always been very nice to each of us who had ended up at the hospital. Billy even requested that he be the one to take care of us! How could they be that terrible when the father treated us? After all, all their children went to school and there never had been any problem. It didn't really make any sense... but I hated them nonetheless. Maybe that was just how I had been educated. For some reason dad didn't want Bella to date the Cullen. I couldn't say I disagreed with that, but maybe not exactly for the same reasons... but still, I felt like there was something dad wasn't telling me. I had never seen him angry, except when the Cullens were mentioned. I snorted, I could remember the last time I pried a bit too much in that direction. 'Hey dad, why do you hate the Cullens so much?' 'They're bad, Jake, remember what I told you.' 'You've only told me they're bad, I want to know why.' 'You're too young to understand.' It was always some stupid excuse like that; 'you'll understand one day', 'you'll see, it will all make sense in a few years'. The closest I had ever come to an answer was 'They're dangerous'. Right, the doctor looked like he couldn't harm a fly... the Cullen that dated my Bella was something else though. He looked at me with something close to ... scorn, hatred, disgust. I didn't even know him! Then again, I did turn around his girlfriend... If the situation had been reversed I would certainly had done the same, right? Yeah... anyway, engraved in my mind was Cullen equalled to bad news. The less I was around them the better. I mulled my hatred for the one Cullen and my unconditional love for Bella a while. It felt good to whine a bit. Plus there was no one to listen, which meant no one to betray me. I scoffed as I remembered the day my dad had said, 'Jacob hasn't stopped bugging me about seeing you, Bella'. So much for having my back, old man... in a wheelchair and still messing with me... I immediately felt guilty for that stray thought. Dad was the best. I never had had to complain, and I never would. He was all I could ask for. He spoiled me as much as he could afford, he had never raised his voice or his hand once, and was proud of me no matter what. What more could I ask for? Well, I could ask for Bella. I decided to text her – until I realized I didn't have her number, and she didn't have mine. Instead I called the only contact I had on my phone yet – home. After a few tones, someone picked up. "Billy Black" "Hey dad it's Jake!" "Oh hi Jake! How's your new phone coming?" "Great dad!" "So, how did you little talk with Bella go?" "Great, she hates my guts thanks to your little plan..." I had a hard time keeping the edge out of my voice. He sighed "I'm sorry, Jacob..." "But you could make it up to me by giving me her cell number." "What you didn't ask her? I thought that would be the first thing you would do!" Oops, slipped my mind, too busy trying to not get myself killed I guess... "Uh, I'm not used to the whole cell phone business yet...", which was the truth, too. "I don't have Bella's number, but I have Charlie's, he has it." "Why don't you call him and find out? You owe me one.", this wasn't turning out too bad after all... I shivered at the thought of having to ask Charlie for his daughter's number. "Alright, Jake, but you won't be able to pull that one off again. I did pay you for your trouble." "Sure dad, just call me back when you have it." "Right, call you back soon." And he hung up. I strode back home, impatiently waiting for my dad to call back. Well, there wasn't much of a point to be so impatient, really, it's not like I would be able to call Bella or anything, she was in the middle of her prom. And anyway Cullen would probably black-list me on her phone or something if he found out... best text her, more discreet. Although, maybe I could make him think something happened between Bella and me, I'm sure he'd drop her right away! But no, she'd probably castrate me if I did that, and I had plans that actually involved that part of my anatomy. Oh God, just thinking about that got me rock hard. Why did I have to be a hormonal teenager? It made everything so much more ... complicated. My phone rang, "Hello?" I asked apprehensively, forgetting there was something called 'caller ID.' "Jake, it's me." "Oh hey dad..." Dad gave me Bella's number, which I hastily inserted proudly as my second contact. To Bella Swan: Hey Bells! It's Jake! I have a phone! I know you're busy and all, but I wanted to ask you if you wanted to come down to the rez' on Sunday and hang out... please say yes ! Jake I clutched the phone firmly, willing an answer to come, willing a 'Yes' to come. As it was I had to wait a full 28 minutes before Bella replied – not that anyone was counting. From Bella Swan: Wow Jake, a phone? You realized what year it is? I'm really sorry, I can't come on Sunday, I'm invited to the Cullens' all week-end... I don't even know why I was surprised. But never mind, I had lost a battle but not the war, so I texted back. To Bella Swan: Oh :/ (Yeah, I actually know what a smiley is) When does your school end? We on the rez' are done! Do you have class on Monday ? :D Jake This time I got home before a reply came. If she couldn't come Sunday it would be Monday, or Tuesday, or Wednesday. Did I mention I had no plans for the whole summer except seeing Bella all the time? "Hey, Jake." "Hi dad. How was your day?" "Not too bad, Sue came over." "Cool" I said absent-mindedly, before making a bee-line for my bedroom. That is when I finally got a reply. The phone was still clutched in what was now a very sweaty hand. From Bella Swan: Hum... My dad is out of town for the whole week, so I'm staying with Ed... I'm sorry I can't see you next week :'( How about you come to the Cullens' instead on Monday? Ed says Carlisle is ok :) Great. Abso-fuckingly great! Now if I said no I