Disclaimer: I own nothing all the characters and locations belong to the Tolkien estate. If I owned LOTR I would not be sitting here writing Fan Fiction. I would be in the Bahamas somewhere having the time of my life. Legolas staggered, nearly four days of no rest and little food in this jagged landscape had left him weary and his bones aching. Gimli toiled ahead of him and Aragorn brought up the rear. Legolas's pace slowed, he stopped and feeling a hand on his shoulder turned. Aragorn was behind him, his eyes dark with concerned. "Legolas?" The ranger's voice was coarse and gravely with fatigue. "Can you continue?" Aragorn's eyes strayed to Legolas's left shoulder, around which a ragged bandage was tied. Many days ago they had had a run in with some Orcs. That's why they were on this stupid rescue in the first place. Merry and Pippin had been taken and Legolas had been injured; an Orc's arrow had pierced almost to the bone. Blood flowed freely since, till the bandage was red. Legolas closed his eyes trying to ignore the incredible pain in his arm that had only increased over the last few days. "We could stop for a time?" Aragorn suggested. "No! We are less than a day behind the Orcs. We have to find our company and free them!" After several moments of deep calming breaths Legolas began to walk. "We must keep going." Gimli was waiting for them several meters ahead, silhouetted against the slowly setting sun. His short figure was black against the coloured sky. He sighed sadly when he saw they were to keep going. Darkness had descended long ago. Turning the barren expanse of hills to a screen of blue and black. The stars were pinpricks on his vision; Legolas felt his knees give way. He collided with the cold ground. Aragorn knelt beside him. "Legolas, old friend. We will stop and rest." Legolas tried to protest, how could he rest while their friends were held captive? The thought of Merry and Pippin held at the hands of the Orcs or in the festering grip of the Uruk hai made his blood burn with a terrible anger, but he was so tired. He waited for his breathing to slow and the wave of pain to subside. The pain intensified. For a long time he stayed there on his knees, where he had fallen. The pain in his arm had been a constant for this whole trip. Until now Legolas had been able to ignore it, using his anger to block it out. Now his fatigue had quelled his anger. Leaving only the pain. Aragorn rose and called to Gimli: "We must rest, even if we were to catch the Uruk hai it would be futile if we could not fight!" Gimli sank gratefully to the ground, and pulled out some food. Aragorn approached him and whispered. "I fear for Legolas. His injury was not that great yet it pains him even now. Is it possible there was something on the Orc's arrow? A venom of some kind?" "I would not put it passed them, these are the odious slaves of Sauron we discuss." Gimli scowled with deep hatred as he spoke. Aragorn stared daggers at their supplies for one long minute before abruptly rising, food in hand. He knelt again beside Legolas. "Here. There is little point in resting if you don't eat as well." Legolas didn't move. "Come now, Legolas you must eat!" A small strained smile descended Legolas's face. "I know Aragorn. And I will eat. Just let me rest first. I cannot eat while my pain is this great. In an hour or so when I have slept some I will eat." With that he curled up and moved little more for some time. Legolas moved slowly through the forest. Tall trees stood all around him, their trunks black and leaves grey. Little light breached the canopy and that which did was strangely orange. The calls and shouts of his comrades echoed eerily through the strange trees. Aragorn was nearby…fighting; he could hear hobbits screaming and Borormir's sward clashing. He heard the unmistakable thud of an axe. He should be helping them! Legolas set off at a run but although his friends sounded near he never saw them. Legolas's sharp eyes did, however, detected shadows moving through the forest converging on him. An Orc stepped out of the trees. Legolas raised his bow and felt for his quiver, it was empty. The Orc growled bearing it blackened teeth. It slowly raised its own bow. Its eyes burnt with hatred. It grinned. Legolas tried to run but the trees were to close together. He spun to face the Orc. Its arrow made a strange noise as it flew through the air. There was the thud of metal on flesh as the arrow struck home. Legolas screamed and fell to the ground. "Legolas!" Aragorn's voice called. "Legolas!" What if he needed help? Through his fear he herd the Orc laughing at him, a terrible cackle that sent shivers through his spine. "Legolas! Can you hear me?" it was Aragorn again. Legolas's eyes flew open. He was lying on the cold ground, shaking. Aragorn was leaning over him. "Legolas?" "Aragorn!" Legolas tried to sit up. "Easy now." Said Aragorn gently pushing him back to the ground. Legolas looked around; he was in hills not a forest. "Here." Said Gimli gruffly handing out some food. Gimli was impatient to be off, the first of the sun's rays were poking their heads through the clouds. "It's light! How long was I asleep?" Aragorn hesitated. "A few hours… we couldn't wake you." Legolas hung his head. "I'm sorry. Now we have wasted precious daylight." Aragorn sighed. Why did he blame himself? "Do not blame yourself, we all needed rest." Legolas didn't reply he just stood and started walking. Aragorn and Gimli traded looks. Their progress over the day was staggered and slow. Legolas was determined not to complain. He would never tell his comrades that his pain had been growing slowly over the whole day. Legolas gasped when white hot pain seared through him. He grabbed Aragorn's shoulder for support. Aragorn spun around and grabbed the elf as he sunk to the ground. "Legolas?" "It's nothing. I'm fine…" Legolas cast around for something to distract him. There was little nearby save Boulders and sand. "What is that?" Legolas exclaimed. He pointed to what looked, to Gimli like a pile of boulders. "A pile of boulders?" the dwarf muttered. "No… I don't think it is." Legolas whispered and picked up pace. As they neared Aragorn and Gimli saw what Legolas's Elvin eyes had seen first. Corpse of several Orcs had been left to burn in a pile. "Orcs!" Gimli reached into the pile of burning carcasses and pulled a small charred belt. "It is one of the hobbit's wee belts." He muttered holding it aloft. Legolas sunk to the ground, the pain was too much. Now his sadness combined with the physical pain leaving him feeling empty. Aragorn screamed and kicked a blackened helmet, sending it whizzing past Legolas's ear, and fell to the ground. As Aragorn knelt he noticed something in the ground. "A hobbit lay here." He said pointing. He pointed further along the scared earth, "And here the other." Legolas looked around, did he dare hope, did any of them dare hope? "Their hands were bound. They crawled… their… bonds were cut!" Aragorn exclaimed pulling a length of severed rope from the long grass. Aragorn jumped to his feet and began to follow the signs. "The tracks lead away from the fight!" He froze; there was a crack nearby, like a twig snapping. As fast as Legolas's injured body would allow he spun and, cringing, raised his bow. An Orc stepped out of the trees of Fanghorn grinning madly. Aragorn un-sheathed his sword and Gimli grabbed his axe. As one the two ran at the Orc. It ducked and dived, avoiding every expert blow either man made. Legolas drew back an arrow. The pain was enough to make him scream, and he may have he didn't know, but he pushed through the red fever and took carful aim. Hearing Legolas's scream Aragorn turned and jumped out of the way as Legolas let the arrow lose. It entered the Orcs chest, a perfect shot. Legolas fell, unconscious, upon the rocks. Aragorn ran to his side. "Legolas?" he shouted dropping to his knees beside him. "Legolas?" The elf didn't respond but Aragorn could see his breathing. Aragorn hurriedly pulled Legolas's restricting cloak from his neck and opened his shirt. This revealed the bandaged wound. He pulled aside the nearly useless bandage, exposing the still bleeding arrow wound. "Why is he still bleeding? This wound is four days old at least! It should have ceased the day he was injured!" Aragorn forced himself to inspect the wound more closely. The edges were blackened with dry blood and, "Poison!" He gasped. He pushed past Gimli and grabbed his bag. Hurriedly he fumbled through his things and pulled out a small bottle. "This will keep him alive…" his voice faltered, he couldn't think about this not working, "Until I can find an antidote…" He gently lifted Legolas's head and poured a few drops of the bright green liquid into his mouth. Aragorn and Gimli waited for several tense seconds barely daring to breath. Legolas's eyelids fluttered and opened, his eyes were slightly fogged. "Aragorn!" he screamed. "I'm here." Legolas was incredibly pale. He felt a strange tingling running through his body. "What is this? What happened?" Aragorn sighed and pulled a fresher bandage from their supplies. "We believe the Orcs arrow was laced with poisoned…" Legolas slumped back; "Poison?" his voice that of defeat. "I suspected but I reminded myself of our enemy and cast it from my mind!" "Don't fear. I'll… find an antidote…" Aragorn strapped the bandage around the wound. He was angry at himself, why hadn't he seen it earlier? Several possible poisons were spinning around his mind each as unlikely as the last. "Rest." He said glancing at Gimli, who hadn't said a word since the Orc first stepped out of Fanghorn. But Legolas shook his head. "Food…?" he muttered. "Gimli get the food!" Aragorn hadn't meant to snap but this worried him… Orcs didn't usually dab their arrows in poison… While Legolas slept Aragorn and Gimli ate. Aragorn stared at the ground. He hadn't eaten much. He muttered under his breath as he thought. "No… Vashkin Venom!" he yelled and jumped to his feet. "What?" Gimli looked up from his food. Aragorn kicked angrily and the sand. "The Vashkin venom. Vashkins are the only living things to walk through Mordor except the slaves of Sauron." "Do you know the cure?" Aragorn thought for a while, staring at a flock of birds that flew low over the mountains in the distance. "Yes, I think I do…" He ran to where they had abandoned their packs and began rummaging through them, muttering ingredients under his breath. Gimli could to nothing to help so he settled himself down beside Legolas and caught up on some sleep. Several hours passed, Aragorn worked relentlessly. Finally he came over to where his to friends rested. Sleep had not come easily to Gimli he was to worried about everything. Legolas was dying, Merry and Pippin had been forced into Fanghorn Forest, and Frodo and Sam were… he didn't know where but every day they drew closer to Mordor… Legolas's condition had far from improved he was now running a fever and his face had lost most of its colour. Aragorn stooped beside him. "Here, Legolas." He gently lifted Legolas's head and Legolas groggily opened red rimmed eyes. He tried to speak but Aragorn shook his head. "Drink this it will help counteract the venom." Aragorn tried to keep the thought of this failing out of his mind as