A/N: Here's my entry from the Smells Like Metallic Roses 90's Twific Contest. Me and my Grungeward came in pretty much last, lol, but I still enjoyed writing him! Age of consent in Washington State is 16. All standard disclaimers apply. Swan Song Moe's Mo'Roc'N looks like nothing from the outside—a dark warehouse in a neighborhood of dark warehouses, a hulking mass of crumbling brick and newer concrete just like its neighbors, some abandoned, some still functioning. The scattered clusters of parked cars and groups of people headed toward the entrance tell a different story. They're locals. The light jackets and lack of umbrellas give them away in the rainy night. They walk with the familiar lazy lurch of people who rain no longer fazes—leisurely, unhurried, heads bent to keep water from stinging their eyes, watching the sodden streets and sidewalks littered with cigarette butts. There's no window in the green room, but Edward knows this neighborhood, knows how these people look, and move, and feel. He's been away for a while, but this is still his home, his turf. His territory. Moe's feels like a secret even though it isn't. In some ways it's Seattle's music epicenter, which means it's the music epicenter for angry youth of the world. And angry youth are the only people who really matter to Edward. He paid his dues, mailing homemade cassette tapes to college radio stations all over the US, living out of Emmett's shitty car as Jasper's shittier one lugged the rest of their equipment from seedy bar to dirty club, hoping each night to make enough cash from ticket and merch sales to buy burgers and cigarettes, and enough gas to get them to the next stop. Now things are different. Record companies realized that grunge sells. They grabbed hold of the culture created by alienated youth and sold it back to them. And just like always, kids bought it. Edward doesn't mind. He's long ago come to terms with the commercial aspect of his business. As long as his label doesn't fuck with his writing process, he really doesn't care. They have a bus now—a real tour bus with bunks and living space. There's always enough food, always enough booze. Kids know his name. It's all he thinks he's ever wanted. The crowd isn't thick yet. Edward stalks through clumps of people, breathing in the hot, close smell of bodies under a comforting haze of smoke. There are two openers before his band goes on; he's not particularly pleased with the first. No wonder the crowds are small. He feels eyes on him; recognition. People keep their distance, for which he is grateful. It's getting harder and harder to talk to strangers, to connect in a way that isn't about being famous. This is something he misses about the way it used to be, when Jasper's car would break down on the side of the road and strangers stopped to help them. Now all people want is his autograph. Edward shifts toward the bar, though there's plenty of booze in the green room. Of course, Emmett, Jasper, Paul, and Sam are there, too, and at least two of them will have attracted groupies by now. Edward shudders. He's not against girls in the green room, but his bandmates have awful taste. "Ow!" Immediately Edward shifts away from the person he accidentally elbowed. She's sitting on a barstool, legs drawn up, back to the bar. In the low light, he almost missed her tiny, huddled form. "Sorry," he offers, the word out of his mouth before he gets a good look at her. Once he does, he's positive she's nowhere near old enough to be here. It's hard to tell just how tall she might be since she's tucked into herself. Her hair is long and dark, melting into the smoky shadows of the club, pulled back from her face in a half-ponytail. She's wearing a sleeveless babydoll dress, denim on top, flowery cotton or whatever for the skirt, with a row of little metal buttons down the front. Her pretty pale legs are smooth and bare, ending in a pair of chunky black Mary Janes. It's her face, though, that tells him she's too young for this place. There's a hint of softness to her cheeks that won't be there in another few years, and something about the wide set of her big dark eyes that reminds him of high school. It's not innocence—nothing so mundanely poetic. Edward isn't sure he can explain what he sees, but he recognizes it instantly. She doesn't shrink further into herself as Edward half expects. Nor do her eyes widen in recognition of who he is. He honestly can't tell if she knows his face or not. She regards him calmly, as if she's prepared for anything—or nothing. They stare for what seems like too long. Edward doesn't know what to say. He already said he was sorry and apologizing isn't really his bag. Calling her out on her obvious age seems like kind of a sucky thing to do, too. "You should be careful," she says finally. Her voice is lower than he expects. Silky. Soft. "Some of these dudes can hit pretty hard." "I can take care of myself." The minute it's out of his mouth he wants to ask, instead, whether any of those "dudes" have hit her. Is she warning him out of firsthand experience? "I believe you." Her voice is oddly serious; she's not giggly or flirty. Edward isn't sure he knows how to talk to a girl who isn't flirting. "I'm glad," he says. It's been quite some time since he's been in a bar fight, but she doesn't need to know that. He can still hold his own. The crackle and high-pitched squeal of feedback from the stage makes Edward flinch almost at the same moment the girl does. She wrinkles her nose. "I offered to fix that for them," she says. "The amp on that lead guitar is filthy." Edward cocks an eyebrow. "Oh, yeah?" "Yeah. Tubes badly need a change, too. People really shouldn't play with tube amps unless they know what they're doing." She's watching the stage, an expression of resigned dislike on her lovely face. Her features are small and regular—there's absolutely nothing special about her at first glance. She looks like any other pale-skinned girl in clunky Mary Janes. Only on further consideration does her true beauty reveal itself. She defies the passing glance to ignore her, forces the eye to give her that second look. Once it does, it's hooked. "You're too young to be here," Edward blurts. It's not what he means to say. He doesn't know what he means to say. But she is too young—far, far too young to be here. He doesn't like the thought of anyone taking advantage of a young, pretty girl sitting alone in a dark bar. Well, this girl, in this bar, at least. He's never really thought about it before. She laughs—not a giggle, but a low, sarcastic chuckle. "I got in, didn't I?" Edward wonders if she knows someone at Moe's. No bouncer in his right mind would let a girl who looks like her in, even with ID. "Is he bothering you, B?" The bartender, a dark-skinned man who wears his muscles like armor, suddenly speaks up. "Mind your bar, Jake," she says, though she tempers her words with a smile. "He's fine." "Either drink or beat it," the bartender tells Edward. He decides he doesn't like Jake. The girl isn't drinking, but no one's asking her to give up her spot on the barstool. Edward wonders if she's as invisible to the rest of the crowd as she was to him before he bumped her. She's small, yes, but he still doesn't see how so many people could miss her. She's gorgeous. "What's your name?" he asks, well aware that he hasn't given his, nor has she asked. "What does B stand for?" "Drink?" the bartender prods again. He presses his big hands flat on the top of the bar, elbows bent, shoulders out. He's trying to look threatening, but Edward doesn't give a shit. The bouncers know who he is, even if Jake doesn't. This guy can't do anything to him. The girl twists her head slightly to the side, exposing a graceful throat, all pale and elegant. The shadows of her collarbone are hidden by the denim collar of her dress. "If I tell you," she says, "you'll just tell me I shouldn't be giving my name to strange men in bars." Edward feels the corners of his mouth tug up into a smile. She's half-right. He probably wouldn't say anything, but he'd be thinking it. If she were older, he'd totally be hitting on her right now. As it is, he's...not quite sure what he's doing. He can't flirt. It's not right. But she's pretty, and he's curious. "Why are you here?" It's what he's been thinking, but not anything he intended to say. Oh well. That's the way the night's going. He thinks she raises an eyebrow at him, but it's hard to tell in the dark club. "I like music. Isn't that why everyone's here?" She tips her head, acknowledging the rest of the crowd. Screw them. For the moment, Edward doesn't care about anyone else's motives. "Some people are here because they like to drink," the bartender puts in. "Dude, I'm serious. Order or buzz off." Edward ignores him again. "I don't like to think about what could happen to you in a place like this." He's being honest. Seattle's a pretty harmless town, but they're not in a good part of it. "Then don't think about it," she tells him, hugging her legs to her chest and offering him a droll little smile. Edward reaches up to run a hand through his hair. It's too long, and greasy from being on the road. They have a week off after this show, and he aims to spend it in the Wallingford apartment he almost never uses. It'll be nice to pretend to have a home. "Look," he says, "can I buy you a drink?" She laughs again, and this time it does sound a little like a giggle. "You just told me I'm not old enough to be here, which means you think I'm not old enough to drink either." Edward grins. She's way too young for him, but he likes this girl. She's got spirit. "And as you said, you're already here." She lets him buy her a drink. Edward picks Zima, and she grins at him with a knowing little smirk as she lifts the clear bottle to her lips, though she doesn't complain. Jake does, under his breath, as he passes Edward a Red Hook. "So you know about amps, huh?" She shrugs. "I like looking at the insides of things. Figuring out how they work." "That's a little unusual for a girl." "Yeah, well, I guess I'm just all around unusual." "Are you going to tell me how you got in here?" "Through the door. Same as everyone else." The bar is filling up now as the first opener leaves the stage to a smattering of halfhearted applause. Edward feels a little sorry for them, even though they bite. He remembers when that was him—playing for indifferent crowds of drunks, or fans waiting impatiently for the headliner. Sometimes those crowds could be won over. More often, not. "Does this group have dirty amps, too?" The girl shrugs. "I don't know. They wouldn't let me near their equipment." Her lips are lovely as she raises the bottle to her lips again. Edward doesn't mean to, but he watches her throat move as she swallows. He motions for Jake to give her another, though he knows he shouldn't. He tries to convince himself that he's watching out for her while letting her have a grown-up night out. Zima's practically Sprite,