Woop! Here we go with the sequel to Purest Black! Happy New Year and all that jazz! *fireworks* Do enjoy, follow, review, blahblahblah...you know the drill. ;) We love all our readers so much! Thank you all! Dora Nymphadora Lestrange raised her head, holding her baby sister closer as she raised her wand, taking in her surroundings. The sitting room of the Tonks house appeared to be as it had last time, perfectly clean, though seeming to be missing the warmth of past company. "Dora?" Rabastan frowned, looking around. "Whose house is this?" "Shhh," Dora whispered, walking forward toward the stairs. She could hear someone stirring in the master bedroom, and knew it would only be a few moments before he knew. In a matter of seconds, she heard hurried footsteps down the upstairs hall, then saw someone descending the stairs wearing a nightgown. Nymphadora almost cried all over again when she saw the brown-haired witch, though she gasped when the woman hurried up to her and threw her arms around her, jumping back almost immediately. "Oh," she said. "I didn't know you brought—who is this?" Nymphadora shifted the little girl in her arms and said, "It's Delphi, my sister. Rab has Rigel..." She felt the witch's attitude change immediately as they both turned to Rabastan, who hissed, "Andromeda!" "Rabastan," Andromeda said coldly, though her look softened as she saw Dora's son in the man's arms. "This—" Rabastan said harshly to his wife " this filthy blood-traitor was your plan?! I will not allow my family to associate—!" "This filthy bloodtraitor raised your lovely wife," Andromeda shrugged. "Protected her from those who would have abused her. Taught her what it meant to be a decent, proper wife." "I won't let my son be influenced by you!" Rabastan yelled, backing away from them. "Nymphadora, you should know better! I'm ashamed of you!" "Then be ashamed," Dora breathed. "I need her; I need someone who can help me with the children. Rab, where are you going?" Rabastan was shocked when the door rejected him, glowing red as the ward would not let him through. Andromeda crossed her arms over her chest, her wand visible as she glared at him. "You will not be able to leave the house while holding that child," she told him. The man nearly choked on his anger, dropping the bag and drawing his wand, and though Dora stepped forward, Andromeda pushed her out of the way. "Dare to challenge me in my own home, Lestrange?" she hissed. "I don't recommend fighting with a child in your arms. It's a good way to lose everything." "Please, Rab," Dora pleaded. "Give it a chance. It won't be that bad, I promise." "Shut it, Nymphadora," Rab hissed at her, and her eyes filled with tears as she clutched her sister close, staring between the witch she loved as a mother, and the man she had married. "So you came from the battle?" Andromeda questioned. "I knew there was one going on, though I wasn't sure..." she seemed to realise something, then said, "Bella...oh, Dora!" The girl couldn't help but sob, burying her face in her sister's hair as she shook. Andromeda slipped her arm around the younger witch and drew her into her side, hugging her gently. "I'm so sorry," she whispered. "Here, let me take Delphi." Nymphadora allowed the witch to take the girl from her arms as she clung to her once-mother, crying her heart out. "I promised Mother I would take care of her—I don't know if I can!" she cried into Andromeda's nightdress. "But I've got to! I promised!" "Dora, it's going to work out," Andromeda said softly, her right arm slipping around the younger witch. "She'll be fine; you'll be okay." "Not when I'm through with her," Rabastan threatened, and Dora looked up to see her husband's face lit with anger. "Rabastan," Dora sniffed, shocked at the man's words. "I'm sorry—" "I will not hear your excuses." He stalked across the room and gave their son to her, his eyes boring straight into hers as he allowed a painful hex to course through her. "Oh!" Dora cried as she clutched Rigel to her breast and struggled against the pain of her husband's spell. "Rab—" Andromeda threw a shield between them, knocking the man backward onto the floor. "You will not harm her on my behalf, Rabastan," she snapped. "It is not her fault that she was stuck with me. I cared for her when there was no one else, and it looks like there is no one else once again, not even her own husband. I find it pathetic that you do not care enough for her to respect her decision to seek shelter here. Perhaps you do not trust her?" Nymphadora stared down at her husband on the floor as tears streamed down her face, blurring her vision. "Mum, please don't hurt him," she breathed. "Please." "You can leave," Andromeda said to him coldly. "You can leave and be hunted like Mudblood filth, or you can stay and behave yourself. The choice is yours." "Rabastan," Dora sobbed, rushing to his side and throwing herself into his arms as she had placed their sleeping child on the couch. "I'll do anything. Just don't leave me now. Stay, for Rigel's sake." "You planned this," Rabastan hissed at her, refusing to embrace her. "You came here and planned this with her —" The witch choked back her tears and nodded, her entire body trembling against his. "I had to make sure there was a safe place if I lost Mum—it was the only way. Andromeda would fight for us, as her family, her flesh and blood. She would protect our son, would do anything, I'm sure." His hand slid to rest on her back, but Dora knew it wasn't over. "Until I can find another place," he warned her darkly. "I will not let you and Rigel stay here." "Okay," Dora sniffed, though couldn't stop the tears running down her cheeks. "I'll keep Delphi in my room," Andromeda said, turning toward the stairs. "Wait," Dora said, then took the bag that she'd got from the nursery, using her wand to separate her sister's things. "Take her things." Andromeda disappeared up the stairs, and Dora turned back to her husband, who still looked angry as he got to his feet. "I assume you know this place?" he said coldly. Dora took her son up from the couch, choking back her emotion as she led her husband up the stairs and down the hall into her old room. She sniffed back her tears, setting up their things with a flick of her wand. "Rigel," she whispered, taking the charm off the child. "Wake up now. You must be hungry...you've been asleep for hours." She kissed his head as he stirred, crying out softly as he reached up to her. "I love you," she murmured before preparing to feed him. The boy ate eagerly, sitting on her lap as she watched Rabastan dress for bed. A few moments later, Rigel was finished with his meal and looked to his father, calling out in childish syllables. Rabastan didn't look at the child, walking around the bed and crawling beneath the sheets on the other side. The child cried out in distress, and Dora kissed the child's black curls. "Shhh, baby," she breathed. "Not now." Rigel began to cry, and Dora rose from the bed, beginning to walk the floor with him. Nymphadora was exhausted by the time Rigel had cried himself to sleep, and laid the child in his cot, ready to crawl into bed herself. She quickly prepared for bed, sliding beneath the sheets, biting her lip as Rabastan turned away from her. "Rabastan?" she whispered. "Hold me?" She desperately wanted him to comfort her in her sorrow, though she soon realised he was not about to do anything to help her. "I will hurt you if you bother me," came his too calm voice. Shocked, Dora curled up with her back to him, trembling with her emotion as she tried to stay silent. It took her only a minute or two to realise she couldn't stay there, and got up, taking Rigel with her as she hurried from the room and down the hall, a sob escaping her, though she paused at the top of the stairs to make sure she could see before walking down them. Nymphadora placed the child safely in a crib she conjured next to the couch and Silence warded it before she collapsed onto the couch, bursting into hysterical tears. She couldn't contain her sorrow and pain any longer, almost shrieking in her distress as she wept. No one came to soothe her; no one was there to help her keep her sanity in the midst of it all. She couldn't help writhing in the mental pain of losing her mother, of Rabastan rejecting her: she felt torn apart, and didn't know what to do to unite what few family members she had left. She had had no choice but to run to her old home. Meanwhile, upstairs in the master bedroom, Andromeda walked the floor with Bellatrix's youngest daughter, murmuring soft words to her as she bounced her gently. "Dora's hurting, isn't she?" she sighed as Delphi seemed to cry out, hearing the witch crying downstairs. "Well, I can't help her, at least not yet. I'm sure her husband sent her away—he's a nasty piece of work, isn't he?" Delphi giggled, and Andromeda smirked at her proudly. "Yes, petal," she said, kissing the child's face. "You are an intelligent one. I'm sure Mumma Bella is very proud of you." "Mumma," Delphi said, reaching up and touching Andromeda's face. "Mumma!" "Dear Merlin, no," Andromeda said sharply. "Not Mumma. Andromeda. I'm Andromeda." Delphi pouted, laying her head on the woman's shoulder, and Andromeda sighed, unable to resist the girl's expression. "You player," she muttered. The next morning, Andromeda woke to sound of a child calling out, "Mumma! Mumma!" She half sat up, saying, "Dora?" sure it was another dream about the girl she'd loved and raised as her own. To her surprise, when she turned over to check her clock for the time, she saw a little black-haired girl holding onto the bars of her cot, watching her. "Wha—oh, Delphi," Andromeda sighed. She slid out of her bed and took the girl into her arms, holding her close. "You're so quiet," Andromeda marveled. "Much more than Nymphadora was. Are you an early riser, too, like me?" Delphi wrapped one small arm around the witch's neck, giving a small sigh. "Mum..." "Shhh, baby," Andromeda said softly. "Mumma's gone, given herself for the Dark Lord and his cause." Andromeda fell silent for a moment, suddenly sorely missing her older sister. "And you lost both parents at once," she murmured against the girl's now silver hair. "Don't worry, though. Dora and I will protect you." The girl looked up again, reaching out to touch the brown-haired woman's face. "Mum?" she sniffed, her lower lip beginning to tremble. Andromeda carried the child to the window so she could look out into the morning sky. "Look, love," she whispered as the girl cried softly. "I know she's gone from us, from you and Dora, but she's never really far away." She pointed toward a star that shone brightly even as the sun was beginning to rise. "Bellatrix will always be watching over you and your sister, Delphi. You'll never be without her." Andromeda watched the one year old child stare mesmerized up at the sky. She left her sitting in the windowseat, warding it so the child couldn't fall out. Andromeda hurried to get dressed for the day, then went back to her second niece, taking her up and leaving the room, going downstairs. Delphi pointed to the witch curled on the couch, saying, "Dora?" "Yes, Dora's sleeping," Andromeda said. "Shh. She's tired from what happened yesterday. Come on: we'll