Alex Morrison was what some would call a nerd or a geek but he didn't really consider himself to be either of those. Sure he was smart and dived into books and had glasses, but he wasn't about to start quoting Star Trek and make references to Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy. He was a perfectly normal albeit smarter than average guy, dark brown hair, warm brown eyes hidden behind wire-framed glasses, a little shorter than most his age and a tad bit scrawny. At school he was ignored by most, but a few of the meaner jocks that probably needed to compensate for something made themselves feel big by... not exactly bullying, but making life just that much more difficult to deal with. A shoulder here, paper balls thrown there, books knocked out of his hands as he passed them in the halls. Alex had learned to deal with it, not retaliating but he generally tried to avoid them. That was, of course until Annabeth stood up for him. Annabeth... amazingly beautiful with her honey-blonde hair in princess curls running down her back, her startling grey eyes that constantly analysed and calculated everything she saw, her fit and toned body with gorgeous long legs she was not afraid to show yet also didn't really put much effort about how she looked, yet she always looked perfect. In addition to how good she was already sounding like, she was incredibly intelligent. Top of the class in all her subjects, ace-ing each of her tests. With the whole package of looks and smarts, anyone would have become arrogant, snobbish and stuck up. Not Annabeth. Far from it, Annabeth was the kindest and sweetest person you could meet. Well... to most people if you didn't try to hit on her. Unavoidably, with her looks, she gets a lot of attention from a lot of the guys at school. She fends them off with the claim of having a boyfriend, but most of them think it's just an excuse. Even if it were true that she did indeed have a boyfriend, it wasn't going stop the more... forward ... ones. But anyway, when Annabeth stopped those jocks from bullying him further, he may have developed a crush on her. As he walked to his locker after his Ancient Greek class he was a little nervous but a little excited as well. Today, they had gotten a partnered assessment for Ancient Greek. To his (in his opinion) infinite luck, he was partnered with the one and only, Annabeth Chase. Alex was broken out of his thoughts when he heard a heavily exasperated sigh followed by a thump, a very loud thud and a cry of pain. Looking around, he saw Annabeth standing over one of the school jocks, who was lying flat on his back groaning in pain, clutching his stomach. Alex could guess the jock was one of those guys who would be a little too forward with Annabeth. And that was also another thing to add to the long list of things amazing about Annabeth. She wasn't the stereotypical 'damsel in distress'. She could, and would, shut you down hard in the most vicious ways, either verbally or physically. "Stop bothering me." She said in an exasperated voice. She didn't even sound angry, merely annoyed. Alex watched as she stepped over the jock, as calm as can be, and started waking over to where he was. She gave him a smile that made his heart flutter. "H-hey" he said, stuttering nervously fidgeting with his hands. It's hard not to be when your crush was standing in front of you smiling radiantly. "Hey, Alex. I know we just got it today, but would you mind spending maybe an hour to get the Greek assignment started? I don't like to procrastinate with these things." "U-uh... Yeah... Of course we could." Alex mentally cursed in his head. 'Good job Alex, chicks totally dig stuttering fools... Get it together!' "Awesome!" Annabeth smiled her brilliant smile again. "I was thinking we could go back to my house. I have all my resources there, if that's fine with you?" "S-sure" Alex took a breath to calm his nerves, "I have most of my Greek stuff with me in my locker anyway, so your house sounds good. Though I'll need to tell my mum that I won't be home till later." He said pulling out his phone. Annabeth looked thoughtful for a moment. "I should probably tell my housemates I'll be bringing someone over too." Pulling out her own phone, she started to dial whilst Alex called his mother. "Hi, this is Natasha's phone, leave a mess-" Alex sighed. Voicemail. Instead, Alex sent a text message to his mum. 'Hey mum, at a friend's house for a group assignment. Be back later' Alex looked up from his phone and heard part of Annabeth's conversation. "-partner's coming over, so can you tell everyone no weirdness please... Yeah... Yeah sure, no worries... Thanks Haze... See you soon... Bye" Annabeth ended her call and looked at Alex. "All set. I have to get to class. I'll meet you in the parking lot after school, ok?" "Ok, see you soon." Annabeth walked away to her next class, whilst Alex sighed as he watched her go. He stayed there, staring dreamily at where he last saw her, rounding the corner of the hall when the school bell rang. 'Oh crap! I'm late for class!' Standing at the car park, waiting for Annabeth was nerve racking. Alex was going to his crush's apartment, together. He was thinking of all the things he could say to her, acting all suave and charismatic. The scenarios in which he would valiantly defend them from a gang of muggers as they travelled to her home, where he would fight them all off but be injured in the process, and then Annabeth would be crying by his body while she professed her love for him and kiss him, and- "Alex!" He became flustered and blushed as he saw the object of his thoughts standing in front of him. Thank goodness people couldn't read minds. "H-hey Annabeth" 'Still stuttering, damn it control yourself man!' "You ready to go?" "Yeah, lead the way." Annabeth smiled before turning and walking towards where the students parked their cars. Alex shouldered his school bag to follow. He was surprised when Annabeth stopped at a sleek grey Mercedeswith a decal of an owl in flight gripping a trident in its talons, coloured in a sea green, on the side. He had never suspected that Annabeth would own such a fancy and expensive car. He assumed that it'd be some cheap bomb of a car like every other high schooler who could drive owned. Like the rest of the cars surrounding them. Then again he was taking about Annabeth. You could never guess what she really does outside of school. Like all of her scars on her face and as far as he could tell, her body too, although she does a pretty good job covering them up. Where did she get them from? They got into the car, Annabeth starting up the engine. The quiet hum of power reverberated through the car. The interior was as nice as he expected. Smooth, soft leather seats, and so many accessories he couldn't even begin to describe all of them. As Annabeth pulled out of the parking lot, Alex tried to initiate some small talk. "Nice car..." he started awkwardly. "Where'd you get it?" Annabeth smiled faintly at his attempt to break the awkward silence, but she appreciated the effort. "It's fairly new. All of my friends chipped in a few hundred each to get me this so that I didn't have to catch the bus every morning and afternoon. I wouldn't have minded getting a cheaper one but Leo insisted I drive something appropriate 'in the flair and style of Annabeth'. Alex didn't know who this 'Leo' was but he hoped he was a brother or uncle, or just someone related to her so that the possibility of him being her boyfriend was out of the question. "So… what should we start on for Greek? I mean... "Choose a part of Ancient Greek culture and create a 7 minute presentation" isn't exactly the clearest instructions." Annabeth thought for a moment. "Yeah I guess so... Although the guidelines being so broad allows us a lot more freedom in what we want to do for our presentation." "True enough." Before he knew it, Annabeth was already parking the car. But the house she stopped in front was something he was not expecting, but really, he didn't know what to expect. It was huge! The design was beautiful, a mix of Greek and Roman that blended together perfectly. Alex stared at the house in awe. He could see how Annabeth could own a Mercedes in high-school if this was her house. Annabeth saw his awe-struck face and smirked. "You should see the inside." Annabeth unlocked the front door and from what Alex could see past her shoulder, the hall alone looked fantastic. A crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling, casting an enchanting light across the area. "Come on, I'll give you a tour." Annabeth led him inside and began to show the different rooms. There was the living room, filled with comfortable looking couches situated around a small coffee table and facing a large TV sitting in an alcove in the wall. There was a fancy fire place beneath the TV, and although it was lit, Alex didn't feel any heat coming from it. In fact, now that he thought about it, the house temperature was perfect, cool but not too cold, warm but not too hot. She moved on, deeper into the house. There was a kitchen, dining room with a table that could fit dozens, although considering the size of the house, Alex guessed it would have a lot of inhabitants. There were so many unique rooms too. There was, in the backyard, what looked to be a stable (although it was currently empty, he could see that it was put to use sometimes), a freaking forge complete with anvil and tools and a furnace (why anyone would need a room for a forge was beyond him. Annabeth said one of her housemates liked metalworking as a hobby) and a training/gym room just to name a few. "That's for keeping fit and to make sure our reflexes up to scratch." She explained when she showed him the gym. He didn't even know you could have all those things inside a house. Alex could swear that the inside was actually bigger than what the outside appeared to be. Like... magically so. Like an Expansion Charm from Harry Potter. The upstairs, second level, was mainly for relaxing and recreation, a swimming pool was there and right next to it was a games and recreation room, sort of like one you'd see at a hotel. It had a pool table, ping pong table, shelves stacked with board games and packs of cards. It was fully decked out with anything a teenager or child... or even an adult... would want for entertainment. There was a large flat screen too, on top of a cabinet against the far wall and he could see at least four different gaming consoles connected to it, not to mention the shelf filled with video games from ceiling to floor. With all this, it was a wonder how Annabeth didn't turn out to be a stuck up spoilt brat, as it was obvious that she was spoilt, just without the 'brat' part. She led him up to the third floor, where she told him was the sleeping quarters. All the bedrooms were spread out like a dormitory at a boarding school. A single main hall with doors along the length, across each other. There were nine doors in total, which, considering the size of the house, Alex thought that