Percy walked across the grass. Wet leaves stuck to his shoes as he made his way over to where he knew his boyfriend was. The air smelled like Spring, but the sky was gray with impending storm. Percy zipped up his jacket to try and feel warm. When he got to the mausoleum he almost didn't see his lover laying there on the roof, but his black jeans contrasted just enough with the worn gray marble to make him visible. As Percy approached he got that feeling in his stomach that he always did when Nico looked like that. He figured he had some kind of PTSD from finding him dead. Who could blame him? Nico was laying on his back on top of his family's small mausoleum. One leg was straight, but the other had fallen somewhat to the side. His arms were down at his sides, his hands limp and pale. The worst part were his eyes. They were black and lifeless, staring into the void. Every time he found him this way Percy had to tell himself that his lover was just spacing out, but in the back of his mind there was always a fear that the other man would never blink and smile at him again. "Nico." Percy said quietly, reaching up and smacking the cold, bloodless hand with his own, "Come on, you'll catch a cold." After a moment the dark eyes looked down at the other man and then blinked. "Hey." "Hey. How are you?" Percy asked quietly. Nico had been quiet all day and then had disappeared. Luckily Percy knew him well enough to always be able to find him. Nico sat up cross-legged on his perch, "Lovely. Come here, mio amore." he put his hand out, which Percy took almost without thinking, it was such a routine anymore. He hoisted up onto the mausoleum and got behind his lover, opening his jacket and wrapping the smaller body within it. "Mmm, caldo." Nico said, snuggling against the warm body behind him. They sat there quietly, looking across the graveyard. The gray clouds kept their view limited; no sunset to watch this time. "We have to get ready for lunch with Annabeth." Percy said quietly. He always felt compelled to be quiet in cemeteries. "Do you need me to take you home, or do you have something at my place?" Percy frowned, knowing Nico couldn't see it. Almost everything he owned was at Nico's house now. He had been living there for nearly a year, and Nico still called it 'his' place. Percy wondered if it would ever be 'their' place. He knew Nico wouldn't get a new place because this one was right above his jewelry store, but Percy was starting to wonder if Nico really wanted him there. He had a side in the closet for his shirts, and the two top drawers of Nico's dresser for his socks and pants. The juice he liked was on the same side of the shelf with the other food he liked in the fridge. Nothing of theirs was "mingled". Percy sighed. They were like roommates who slept in the same bed, and even in that they each had their own side. "Percy?" "Hmm?" Percy's mind had wandered and forgotten the question. "Do you have something nice to wear at my place?" "All of my stuff is at your place." Nico yawned, ignoring the emphasis Percy had put on YOUR place, "Do you need me to wash or iron anything?" "No." he gave up on his grudge and pulled Nico closer. The other man was good to him. Why dwell on silly little things? Nico turned to look at his lover. He could tell that something was bothering the other man. "What's the problem?" "Nothing." Percy lied, "I think I'm just tired." That wasn't really a lie. He did tend to let more things get to him when he was tired, and today had been a long day. The smaller man cupped Percy's face, "We don't have to go to lunch if you don't want to." Percy's mouth curved in a small smile, "Aren't I the one who usually says that?" "Yeah, but this time you're the pouty one." The taller man shrugged, "Well, andiamo then. I want to shower before I put nice clothes on." he started to get up. "Oh Percy, you know how much I love it when you speak Italian." Nico said, and Percy wondered if the smaller man was making fun of him. It was something in his voice. "Dork." Percy shrugged again as they slid off of the burial chamber, "Do you want to walk home, or find a shadow?" "Hmm... I think we should get home as quickly as possible." Nico said, brushing dead leaves from his pants. Percy's mouth curled into a mischievious smile as he got an idea. The other man picked up on this and gave him a questioning look. "Race?" Percy asked, feeling the competitor in him revving up. His lover tried to play it cool, but he could tell that the other man's sense of competition had been switched on as well. "Race." Nico agreed before snatching his bag and taking off. "No fair!" Percy laughed before running behind his boyfriend. Once home both men leaned against the doorframe as they caught their breath . There was chipping paint breaking off and falling into their clothing, but neither noticed. Nico moved and started to make his way toward something and Percy kept his eyes on the doorframe. He knew what the other one was doing, and he didn't like it. "I'll be right back." Nico said as he pulled a lighter out of his pants and then crossed to the balcony near the kitchen. Percy listened as the other man opened the double doors and then closed them. In the lonely silence the son of Poseidon could feel the thoughts creeping up on him. The doubts, the worries, everything. He pushed them away and stood up, looking for a distraction. He paced the apartment, occasionally glancing at Nico's silhouette behind the long curtains. He looked at Nico's desk, the map he had once snooped at long forgotten under piles of other papers and various jewelry tinkering equipment. Percy picked up a CD from the nearby music system and read the front and back, and then put it down. After a while he noticed that Nico had been outside for a long time, and Percy began to worry, so he reluctantly went outside to join his lover on the balcony. Nico looked backward at him when he closed the door behind him and motioned him over. "Sorry, I just got preoccupied with watching people." the smaller man said, gesturing to the people on the street below. Occasionally one would glance up, but wasn't really looking at them. Percy followed Nico's gaze for a moment, and then his focus turned to the ash tray balancing on the ledge of the railing surrounding the balcony. It was a brazen red, relatively shapeless and full of gray ashes. The fresh remains of Nico's usual post-exertion cigarette were squashed on the side of the dish nearest him. Percy wanted to push the tray off of the balcony and watch it shatter on the street below, or at least once again plead with Nico to quit. It would just be the same conversation that they had many times over; Percy would mention that he wished the son of Hades had never picked the habit up again, and Nico would say that he wished the same thing, mutter about damn Europeans, and run his fingers through the flame of his lighter as he quietly said that he would quit when it was time to. Percy was never sure of what his boyfriend meant, but he was afraid to ask about it. He hated to think of Nico getting diseases because of his bad habit, but some days it was just easier not to fight him. Nico's arm wrapped around the taller man's waist for a moment, pulling him closer, then he ran his hand across Percy's back. The other man couldn't help it as he smiled. Despite everything going on in their relationship, Nico still had a way of making him feel loved. The other man kissed Percy's shoulder as he curled against his side before whispering, "I'm going to start getting ready." He kissed Percy's cheek and re-entered the house. When Percy got inside he looked at the clock above Nico's desk. He looked down at his watch, which still had the time of his former US residence. "We're going to be late for lunch." Percy said, knowing Nico would hear him wherever he was in the studio apartment. "Better double up in the shower, then." Nico winked at him as he carried a hanger full of an outfit into the bathroom. Percy didn't bother mentioning that he wasn't in the mood. He was just happy that Nico still seemed to want him around in some way. He saw that Nico had put out an outfit for him on the bedspread. He didn't recognize the shirt. Another new thing. Nico did that from time to time. Usually when there was tension between the two. Percy didn't mind getting surprised, but he didn't like feeling like Nico was trying to buy his affection. He heard the shower start and stripped down to join the other man. He may not have been in the mood for anything sexy, but Nico was right about saving some time by doubling up. When he stepped into the shower he looked at Nico's soaked form from behind. The black marks Nemesis had left on him had never faded. Percy took in a breath as he looked at Nico's ribs and spine which were much too evident beneath his skin. He knew Nico hated when Percy said anything about it, but he couldn't help it. He wrapped his arms around the other man from behind. "Good thing we're going to lunch. You're way too skinny, Nico." Nico easily pushed the arms off of his form in the damp heat of the shower, "Yeah." was all he said before picking up the shampoo and turning around, "Let me wash your hair." Percy obeyed, bending down to give the other man an easier time of running his fingers through his hair. Soon Nico pushed the knob to turn the water off and grabbed a towel, wrapping Percy's shoulders in it before getting one for himself. x.x.x Nico inhaled another hit of hot, acrid smoke and felt his body calm down as he watched the people below. It was early morning, so they were just setting up their stores and markets. It was Saturday, so he didn't have to work until later, if he chose to open at all. He could have been sleeping in, but he hadn't slept all night, so what good would tossing and turning for an extra few minutes do? Last night had been rough; Annabeth was always trying to fix him and Percy in some way, and he had grown weary of her criticisms; but it was more than that which was bothering Nico. He knew something was wrong between him and Percy and he didn't know how to fix it. The son of Hades wasn't even certain what the problem was. There hadn't been any particularly dramatic event that had led to the strange void between the two men. They had both been busy; Nico with the shop and Percy doing whatever it was he did. Nico sighed. He didn't even know how Percy spent his time when they weren't together. When his cigarette was done he put the carton and his lighter back into his pocket and then reached for his cane. He hated the days when he had to use it. He felt so weak. As Nico re-entered his apartment he looked over to the bedroom, where Percy lay sleeping.