Disclaimer: I do not own the PJO series, or the characters that I currently have doing my bidding in this story. Mr. Riordan does. I'm not making any money from this, just gaining reviews and such that may or may not be positive. This just sort of came into my head one morning and I just had to make it happen. I might write another chapter if it is well received. Jason woke and instantly panicked. This was not his bed! As his nose caught the familiar scent of Will, however, he calmed down some. As his brain woke further, he remembered how he had come to be in Will's bed and why he was still completely clothed. Jason, Percy, and Nico had left camp for a bit of adult relaxation. Will had left camp years ago to go to college, so the three had been pleasantly surprised to find him chewing on a straw and staring off into space at one of the tables. Personally Jason was taken aback when Will was joined by another young man, obviously on some kind of date. The three young men discussed whether or not to bother Will on his date, and eventually decided to keep an eye on him between drinks, and approach when an opportunity arose. That was the plan until Percy downed too much alcohol too fast. "Ugh I think I'm dying." Percy said, lying on the ground outside the bar, dangerously close to a puddle of his own blue vomit. "Oh Percy." Nico said in an exasperated tone. Jason merely watched the two, wondering if the bar would let him bring out a glass of water to the son of Poseidon and how much work it was going to be to get Percy back to camp. "So this was nice." the blonde heard Will's voice across the parking lot. Blue eyes moved from Percy to the bar's front door, where Will and the other man were standing. "Yeah. So do you want to come over and watch that movie?" the man asked hopefully. "Not tonight. I've got work in the morning." Will replied and Jason inwardly smiled. Will could do so much better than this gingerbeard. "Can I at least get a kiss, then?" the man asked, pulling on Will's hip. The sandy blonde moved backward, "You know what? I'm not feeling all that well. Wouldn't want you to catch anything I've got." The man scowled and Will's face became nervous. Jason was debating whether or not to swoop in and rescue his friend when the man muttered something about a waste of time and left in a huff. Will leaned against the cool brick of the building for a moment before pulling his keys from his pocket and walking across the parking lot. About halfway over he looked up and locked eyes with Jason. "Jason?" his eyes moved from the blonde to the other two and instantly rushed over, "Percy? What are you guys doing here?" Nico spoke first, "We got tired of hanging with kids all the time, so we came here for some adult conversation." "Fix me, Will. I'm dying." Percy groaned from the asphalt. "Um yeah. You've poisoned yourself, Percy. Alcohol is a poison. That's why your body is trying to get rid of it." Percy suddenly turned over and vomited, punctuating what Will had said. "Have pity on the poor guy." Jason chimed in, "We don't get out much and I must admit that his pretty blue drink looked delicious." "It was." Percy said between retching, "It really was." Will sighed, "He can't go back to camp in such a state. Come on, I'll take you to my place. The roommate is gone for the weekend so it'll be okay." Jason was glad. He would get to talk to his friend and also get to see what he was up to these days. On the drive to his apartment Will asked the boys what they had been doing lately, and Jason felt a bit sheepish that they were doing basically the same thing they had been doing four years ago when Will had left. Will, on the other hand, had been going to school and working at the college's clinic. Officially he was a receptionist, but he occasionally got to stick on a band-aid and hand out a lolly so he counted it as experience. Still, the blonde didn't seem to hold it against them, he was just glad that they were happy. When they arrived at the apartment Will and Jason deposited Percy on the roommate's bed and left Nico to attend to the passed out form of their friend. "You can sleep in my bed. I can sleep on the couch up front." Will said, moving to do just that when Jason stopped him. Will looked down at the hand on his in curiosity and Jason hastily let it go. "I'm not going to make you sleep on the couch, Will. Go on into your room. I'll take the couch." "You're a guest. It's fine. The couch is quite comfortable, I assure you." "Nope." Blue peered into blue in challenge, "Fine. We'll share then, shall we?" Jason faltered, "What?" Will smirked, "If we can't come to an agreement about who gets the bed, the next logical conclusion is to share it." Blonde eyebrows raised in surprise, "Are you okay with that?" "I'm totally fine with it obviously. It's you I'm worried about." Will said, his expression communicating much more than his words were saying. "I'm cool with it." Jason said, frowning to let Will know he understood the silent reference. "Then it's settled." Will opened the door to his room, "Welcome to Willsville." he said, letting Jason inside. Soft yellow lamplight illuminated the room and Jason looked around, turning to face Will when he heard the mattress creak. The other blonde was removing his shoes and Jason sat in the computer chair to do the same. "So who was that guy?" Jason found himself asking. Will stood up and started unbuckling his belt, "Just a blind date I let my friend set me up with. I don't really date much, so people feel like they need to help me. Why don't they understand that sometimes people can be alone by choice?" Will dropped his pants and Jason hoped the dim light hid his faint blushing, "Anyway, I disappointed him so I doubt there will be a second date happening. Fine by me, really." he said, getting into the bed. He patted the spot in front of him, "Come on. Maybe I'll get lucky and my roommate will come home early and see us in bed together and stop bugging me about getting laid." Jason stopped pulling his belt from the loops, "What now?" Will rolled his eyes, "Relax. I'm just trying to make this uncomfortable for you since you were too stubborn to just let me sleep on the couch." Jason also rolled his eyes and then crawled into the bed, "It's going to take more than that to make me uncomfortable." "Is that why you're sleeping in your clothes?" "I'm shy or something, okay? Just trying to be respectful." Will snorted, "Liar." he said quietly before snuggling into the bed, "Nighty-night Jason." "'Night." Jason closed his eyes for a moment until he realized that the light was still on. He turned to face Will, "Hey, do you want the light off?" he whispered. Jason watched the other man expectantly for an answer. When Will didn't respond Jason smiled at how quickly the other man had fallen asleep. He took a moment to look at Will... *really* look at him. He looked at the freckles spattered across the bridge of the blonde's nose and the shadows his eyelashes cast on his cheeks. Jason found himself reaching out to move a piece of hair from in front of Will's face and thinking how beautiful the demigod looked just then. He moved to lay on his back again and stared at the ceiling, kicking himself for ruining everything they could have had back then before finally falling asleep. Now it was morning and Jason was alone, surrounded with Will's scent. He was reluctant to leave the warm cocoon but he could hear Will in the kitchen and figured he should help him with breakfast. Maybe he would offer to pay to take them all out so that he could stay with Will just a little bit longer. When he padded into the kitchen he found Will in his boxers and an oversized hoodie, leaning against the counter with a mug in his hands. "Hey." Will said quietly and carefully put the mug down, "The kettle's still hot. Would you like some tea or something?" Jason scratched the back of his head, "I'm not much of a tea drinker, actually." "I have cider or hot chocolate, too." "I don't know why, but cider sounds delicious." Will nodded and opened a cupboard before going about making cider for Jason. He handed Jason the mug before picking up his own and quietly watching Jason from above the rim of it. He finally put the mug down, "Did you sleep well?" "I did, actually. How about you? Did sharing disrupt your routine?" Will shook his head, "No. I actually slept really well. Nico got up once to ask if he could have another blanket for Percy, but the night was pretty quiet otherwise." A silence fell as Will refilled his mug and Jason sipped at his cider. Nico had seen them in bed together. Jason wondered what he thought about that. He also wondered why Will hadn't stayed up all night taking care of Percy. "Nico still loves him, doesn't he?" Will asked, suddenly sounding much too loud in the quiet kitchen. Jason nodded, "Percy loves him too, in his own way. Never in the way Nico wants him to, though." "Is that why Percy never dates anyone? He doesn't want to hurt Nico?" "Probably. Their friendship is complicated." Will shrugged, "As long as they're happy, I guess." Another silence fell as the two finished their mugs. Will took Jason's from him and set them both down in the sink. "Jason, may I ask you something?" "Of course." Jason said, though he wondered why he suddenly felt nervous. "Did you mean to call me beautiful last night?" Blue eyes widened in surprise, "Oh, I didn't think I had said that out loud." he paused for an agonizing moment, "I meant it though." Will's ears turned a dark shade of red and his neck flushed, "Okay." "I've always thought that." Jason said, reaching toward Will, who turned away. "Don't do that." He said quietly, then he looked at the taller blonde, "I know you have. You said it... on that night." It was Jason's turn to look away, "I'm sorry for what I said the next morning." "It's fine. I understand now." "You know you could have fought a little harder." Will's heart dropped. He'd never heard Jason use that tone of voice before. How much trouble was he in? "What do you mean?" "You know what I mean Will. I know I told you that I wasn't ready, but then you just left. You didn't even try. You just said 'okay' and walked away and stopped everything." Will noted how close Jason was and sat on the counter to put some space between them again. "I didn't want you to resent me." "Why would I ever resent you?" "Because I didn't want to hide. I would have pushed you too fast." Will was confused when Jason cracked a small smile, "You wouldn't have. I know you, Will. You would have waited." The smaller blonde straightened his spine and gave Jason a pointed look, "So do people know now?" "Yes." "Really? How did that go?" Jason shrugged, "Most had already figured it out. A lot of the people at camp were really supportive. Some of course had to point