"Ada, what do you think you're doing? " I let go of the two crooked pins that are jammed in the keyhole of my apartment's front door and turn around to find my dad standing in the hallway. He walks up to me with a frown that makes the wrinkles and creases on his face more pronounced. He is still wearing his work clothes with the shiny brass security badge pinned to his chest. How long have I been out here? I ask myself, staring at the badge. Dad works an eight-hour shift as a security officer at the Snow Dam, one of the biggest power plants in District 5. He leaves at eight o'clock in the evening, on the dot, the same time I get back after my own four hour stint on the Snow Dam's maintenance crew. Then I don't see him again until the morning, when I'm walking to school and he's coming back from work. I try to calculate the hours and determine what time it is, but my mind doesn't seem to be working. I keep thinking that it is seven in the morning, but I may have lost time. As usual, I went to bed at 10:15 last night, but I only got a few hours of sleep. The rest of the night was spent trying to get back to sleep. When that didn't work, I decided to pass the time by picking locks. So, if I take that into account… "It's eight forty-five," Dad says, interrupting my train of thought. "You know you can sleep in today, right?" He looks at me, then at the bent, cut up paper clips sticking out of the keyhole, and then at me again. He looks down at the clothes I'm wearing and cocks his head to one side. I've been wearing a blue plaid dress for three days now. And why not? It's clean. It's the one dress I feel comfortable in. And I like it. Slowly, I put two and two together to realize that he might be thinking of something else entirely. I want to open my mouth and scream, "No! This isn't what it looks like!" But he beats to the punch. "Did you forget your house keys?" I frantically shake my head. No! Never! As proof, I reach into the front of my dress and pull out the keys that I always wear around my neck. There are two keys, one to let me into the building and one that opens the apartment, that dangle on a length of blue ribbon. Dad made the necklace for me when I was six and just about to start school. If I ever came home before he or Mother did, I could let myself in rather than wait all day in the hall for them. "Then tell me. What's going on here?" he asks, pointing to the paper clips. "I wanted to try it out." I've been interested in lock picking for a while now. Maybe a couple of months, or so. In the last few weeks, I've been testing out new techniques with a variety of household implements like hairpins, safety pins, a bit of a broken fork, coat hangers, and screwdrivers. I'm even making plans to build an electric lock pick. Gathering the materials will be a challenge, and I'll need to rely on books and what I learned from taking apart and rebuilding old electronics. There aren't that many people in 5 who share my passion for inventing. Well, besides my friend Herman. Herman LaPorte has been my best friend ever since we were eight-years-old. Like me, he is interested in anything relating to the sciences and inventing. But even he'll grow disinterested after a while. Sometimes, when I try talking about plans for a new experiment or a project, he'll zone out. He'll just stare off into space and bob his head, murmuring "uh-huh" or "yeah" or "okay". It's kind of annoying. To be honest, I think I get that way too if he babbles on about geology for too long. I'm sorry, but I don't see what is so interesting about rocks. Or venturing out to the desert, located on the outskirts of town, and looking for what he calls "mineral samples". "Really?" Dad doesn't sound interested, maybe even a little weirded out. I realize that I should have lied, even though I am a terrible one at best. I do appreciate how he puts up with all this. Lock picking isn't my first odd hobby. My room, with its messy array of plants, malfunctioning inventions, blueprints, home-made mechanical toys, books on electrical currents, and dam-making guides, stands as testament to the fact. "So, how did you learn this?" "I taught myself," I explain. "Lock-picking isn't all that difficult. All you need is something to fit into the lock, preferably something long, thin, and metallic, and a lot of patience." "You think you can give me a demonstration?" I nod my head. Steadying my hold on the tension wrench that is secured firmly in the lower part of the keyhole, I rake the top paper clip over the pins inside. After a minute of raking the clip and pushing the pins up, I can hear them strike the cylinder with a loud "click". I twist the knob to my left and, to my great relief, the door swings open. Dad flashes me a grin that suddenly makes me feel uneasy. One hand reaches out to grab my shoulder, but before he can even touch me, I flinch and jerk my shoulder away. Dad frowns and withdraws his hand. "Sorry," I squeak. He shakes his head. "It's my fault. I forget how much you hate that." I stagger to my feet while Dad holds the door open. "Ladies first," he says. I stand still. He keeps one hand in his pocket and the other on the knob. "I promise I won't touch you." "Promise?" He nods his head. I have no other choice but to take him at his word. We get inside, and I make sure to put as much distance between me and him as possible. The apartment is so small, I can walk ten paces from the front door to my bedroom. "Make sure you put on something nice. It's Reaping Day," Dad adds. I freeze up at the mere mention of Reaping Day. Panic surges through me like an electrical current as I try to steady my breath. Although this will be my seventh and final Reaping, I dread it more than the others. Not because being picked serves as an automatic death sentence, and not because of the chance that I will lose Herman if his name is drawn. It's because I can't stand the crowds that congest the District square on that day. I hate that constricting feeling of bodies pressed up against you, crushing your bones and squeezing your breath, your life, out of you. Someone's breath against my skin might as well be that of a Mutt closing in on me. Everything suddenly gets amplified. Noise echoes throughout the District, like we are enclosed in a dome. Colours are sharper, brighter. Your skin becomes more sensitive to the sandpaper-like texture of a wool dress or a cold and slippery feel of a silk shirt. There is too much going on. And the worst part is that you can't leave that horrible place. The Peacekeepers stand guard and expect you to smile and be happy and celebrate. I can do that, but after a while, it gets to be too much. The way I see it is that everyone in District 5 are like the solar farms located on the outskirts of town. They can absorb energy and run on that all day long. Well, I can't. I'm the battery that needs to be recharged or else I'll cease to function. My hands tremble as I change into a dark blue dress with purple and white flowers on the print. On a taller girl, it would look like it has short sleeves and a knee-length skirt. On me, however, the sleeves nearly touch my elbows and the skirt reaches past the mid-calf. I try wrapping an old belt around my waist, but it still looks like I am wearing a sack. I hate this dress, but new clothes are just one of those things we can't afford. And even if we had the money, it would be hard to find anything that fits me right. I spend the next few minutes in front of the cracked, stained mirror hanging on the bedroom door trying to make myself look pretty. There isn't much I can do. Make up and jewelry are luxuries I could only dream of owning. My hair is too short to style into braids or decorate with pins and ribbons. I try biting my lips and pinching my cheeks until they are flushed to a bright pink, but they quickly fade back to a pale beige. Honestly, I don't see the point of even looking nice for the Reaping. I have never been picked. Why start now? Chances are, some kid from the poor side of town is going to get chosen because she took out tesserae over fifty times. I only have seven slips to my name because Dad won't let me get tesserae. He told me that if I did, I'll be grounded until my thirty-fifth birthday. I also don't see why we even have to be herded into the District square for this. Why not do a preliminary Reaping in the weeks leading up to it? Every residential area in 5 draws out a name of a boy and a girl for the final drawing on Reaping Day. That way, the square is less crowded and I don't have to leave my apartment unless my name is picked. I look up to see the photograph of my mother taped to the mirror. She died when I was eight. Lung disease. Presumably from breathing in the toxic fumes of the coal-powered plant in the rural village where she grew up. Towards the end of her life, she had wasted away to a shriveled husk with stick-like limbs and a bony torso. She couldn't breathe without choking or wheezing or breaking into coughing fits that left her writhing on the bed until she slipped into unconsciousness. I couldn't bring myself to go near her. She looked like a monster. When she finally died, nobody would let me see her body. Instead, Dad gave me the photograph and told me it was better to remember her for who she was before she was sick. My mother, with her olive skin, shiny black curls, and soft, almost alluring, amber eyes, was absolutely stunning. And it pains me to say that I could never be as beautiful as her. With my dark brown hair and eyes and my small stature, I am easily my father's daughter. To make matters worse, I'm nearsighted and have to wear a pair of glasses with these giant, almost magnifying glass-types, lenses. When I was little, the kids at school would call me "Bug Eyes". Cripes, I hated that nickname. I hated it even more when Dad told me we couldn't afford a nicer pair. He always told me that looks aren't everything, but I don't believe it. Sure, brains are more valued in District 5. Only the smartest can go on to be systems analysts, maintenance managers, and engineers. But at school, all the pretty girls have boyfriends. And where the Hunger Games are involved, it is always the gorgeous tributes that have a better chance of survival. That's what happened last year, with the tribute from District 4, Finnick Odair. He was so beautiful, the Games commentators wouldn't stop gushing about him. The kid was fourteen years old and was getting all these ridiculously expensive sponsor gifts in the Arena. Capitol television went bonkers when he won.