Shadow Lion: Revamped The Rise of the Shadow Beast Chapter 1 No matter what he can do, he's stuck between a rock and a hard place as the Muggles would say. Severus kicks a tin can on to the empty streets of Cokeworth to vent out his frustration while carrying his books under his arm. The crescent moon lights up the summer skies as he slowly walks his way back home to Spinner's End. Severus scoffs at the thought Spinner's End as his home, it's more of an everlasting hell to him with his abusive drunk of a father being there. He usually goes out to be away from him for as long as possible every day. In the park, he reads his mother's old books and his secondhand potion book under the shade of the tree by the riverside and enjoying the summer breeze on his face. He sighs, wishing each day the sun would stay out longer. The place was now the only sanctuary he had for escaping his father because he lost the only place that he would remotely call home, the Evan's house. The reason he could not go there anymore was because of that one word: Mudblood. He hates that word with a passion now. He lost the one person who actually cared about him, his best - his former best friend Lily Evans because of it. She was the only real friend he had. She was always there for him and so was Richard and Iris, her parents, but now she's gone...all because of that insufferable Potter and his goons. He let his anger get the better of him because of those toerags. He shakes his head, trying to get Potter out of his mind. If only he could go to Lily right now and beg for her forgiveness and swear on his magic he would never be involve in the Dark Arts again, but Lily made it quite clear they're not friends anymore and he can't face her parents for the shame of calling their daughter that 'word' either. Even if he were to swear to never be involved in the Dark Arts again, it's not that simple. Lucius and the Dark Lord's inner circle are expecting him to take the Dark Mark as soon as he turns seventeen so he can make potions for them. He had no choice but to associate with them since they were all living under the same house. If he backs out now, not only he would be targeted by the Dark Lord, he would also be trapped to live with no hope of surviving in the Wizard World. Everyone in the Dark Lord's inner circle, including Lucius, have connections that could give him the kind of power to advance in the Wizarding World and without it he would be nothing. In the end, he's trapped to live an unhappy life in a dark place with no way out. What did he do to deserve this? He never asked for this; the horrible abusive childhood by his father, the bullying by James and his Marauders, the prejudice from the Slytherin Purebloods, the teachers and Dumbledore in Hogwarts. Everything he had hoped for when he came to Hogwarts were crushed and dashed. It was like everywhere he turned, he would end up being miserable and alone. The only good thing he had in his life was Lily, obviously, but even she turned her back on him and left him all alone. Despite the warm season, recalling her rejection in front of the Fat Lady portrait made him cold inside. There's nothing for me... He growls, fighting back a tear, and kicks the can too hard and too far from his reach. Clank! "Ouch, what the-a can? Where did it come from?" Severus hears a gruffly voice as he walks closer. He makes a turn to see three muggle men in black clothing surrounding a blond muggle girl in a trench coat. Great, he just stumble into a gang rape. The three men turn their heads to the side, revealing they are wearing masks and holding...swords?! That made him drop his books out of shock. "Damn a witness," one of the men on the right says. "What do we do?" "Simple really, he'll be taken care of quickly," one in the middle, who seems like the leader, answers. Warning sirens scream inside his head with quaking fear churning in the depths of his stomach, Severus quickly grabs his wand from his wand holster and points towards the three men with caution, ready to say any spell that comes to mind. "I'm armed!" He says in an alarmed tone, hoping that would be enough to back off but the action created the opposite effect. The three masked men decides to take slight interest in him and almost turn their backs on the girl. "A wizard huh? Haven't dealt with them before," the leader says with delight in his voice. Then he turns to the one on his left. "Kill him slowly." Just before he could utter the stun spell out of his lips, his wand flies out of his hand and an immense wave of pain shot through his abdomen in a form of a fist. From that one punch, Severus cradles his stomach with his two hands and got on his knees, gasping for air. He haven't felt this much pain since his father would use his brass knuckles in most of his beatings but that punch was twice as painful...maybe even more. "Is this really what a wizard is capable of?" The masked man who punched him laughs as he grabs him by the hair and pulls him up. "As fun as it would be to end a pathetic race, you wizards are pretty much destroying yourselves. Makes me wonder how they exist in this world for so long without having their overbearing egos knocked down a peg or two." Just who are these people? And how do they know about wizards? Severus looks at the man before him in the eye and grinds his teeth. That man has the very same look in his eyes like all the others. He could see his father Tobias, James Potter, Sirius Black, the Purebloods, the teachers and Dumbledore; looking at him with eyes that tell him that he would always be beneath them. These men are just like them, always enjoy watching him suffer. Rage fills his mind and as painful as the punch was, it starts to subside. He built a tolerance towards pain after years of abuse from both at Spinner's End and at Hogwarts. Tobias, the Marauders, the Death Eaters, and Dumbledore; he have just about enough of them. All the abuse, the suffering, the humiliation, and the tears he have endured for years by them and doing nothing to stop them...it's suffocating. They will never change. He wants out...He...WANTS THEM OUT! "Wha-" Severus sucker punches the masked man across the face with everything he has. Following the sucker punch, a knee to the abdomen, an uppercut to the chin, a punch to the face; he unleashes a fury of pent-up emotions and venting it on the masked man in front of him. Despite the overwhelming emotions, he knows in his rational mind that they're going to kill him if he stops fighting now but he won't let them. He'll fight back; he wants to live, he wants to survive! With the last of his pent-up emotions, Severus gives a final kick to the masked man and some distance for himself to breathe. "At least wizards know how to throw a decent punch," the masked man in front of him wipe his chin with the back of his hand. He doesn't seem to be faze with all the physical attacks on his person. Severus makes an astonished face. ' No way, after all that?' "Well it was fun but I have a mission to complete," the mask man readies his sword. Crack! Suddenly a whip ensnares the sword and snatches it away from the man's hand. They both turn to see the blond muggle woman holding the sword. Severus couldn't help but gasp at the sight, behind her the other two masked men are dead with their throats slice across with blood drawing out. "Too bad that you and your friends failed," the blond muggle girl says. Once she finish her sentence, in a flash the masked man in front of him is dead, killed by his own sword. Severus couldn't help but stare at the Muggle girl. He hadn't notice during his fight with the masked man but in the midst of it she took off her trench coat, revealing to wear a black leather leotard, long black boots and a mask that covers the lower half of her face. On her person, she have multiple knives strapped on a leather sash. Just before she killed the man, the clouds parted as the moonlight cascade her being. He might be imagining it but he could have sworn he saw wings on her back and the tips of her blond hair tinted with red. Like a white butterfly turning scarlet red...if that made any sense. "Uhh..." "Thanks for the assist, sorry I have to do this to you though." "Wha?" Wham! She punches him on the nose with a cracking sound, knocking him out flat on the ground. His vision floods into darkness. Severus wince once he opens his eyes and the sunlight from the window fills the room. He gets up from the soft bed, seating up straight, and starts to feel the throbbing sensation taking over. He places a hand on his forehead as he tries to remember what happen to him last night. "Guhh... What happened to me?" His fingers brushes past his nose and he could feel that it's heavily bandaged. He could feel his nose throbbing in pain. "And what happened to my nose?" "Sorry about that. I accidentally broke your nose when I was knocking you out but it seems your nose was broken more times before and wasn't healed properly so our doctors have to surgically repair it," a gentle, feminine voice answers. Severus jumps to the other side of the bed and away from the woman responsible. She put her hands in surrender with a guilty and awkward smile. "It's okay, I'm not going to punch you. I just want to talk, alright?" Severus doesn't know if he should act hostile or comply. She seems nice now but then again he did see her kill three of those masked men and punch him out cold after trying to help. He wisely decides on the latter. "...okay." He eases his way back to his previous spot in the bed. "Are you hungry? I brought some breakfast though I might have brought you too much," she gestures to the trays of food on the nightstand and grabs the first plate then hands it over to him. A simple two eggs with three strips of bacon. He eats calmly and slowly while carefully watching the blond girl sitting by his bedside. Now that he has a chance to calm down and assess the situation he's in. Right away he observes the blond who put him in this position. He first notice that the blond is wearing more modest, casual clothing rather than the leotard he saw her wear. He has to admit she's beautiful. A natural beauty without the need for makeup. However she's not a natural blonde, but it suits her, especially since it looks soft to touch. He could also tell she's from Asian descent but her eyes are green and the golden hue in them that stands out. Quite the unorthodox and especial woman, she definitely presents the quandary- Realizing he's literally checking her out, he clears his throat. "So... I believe I have the right to ask who are you, where am I, and why am I here?"