Modern day everlark story that just popped into my head. :) Enjoy! Katniss Povs We were sitting in his bedroom when he told me. We were laughing and joking as usual, which is something I only do around him and my baby sister Prim. We were talking about school, and everyone was pairing up. How we were so exited that Gale and Madge had finally gotten together, and so had two of our other friends Annie and Finnick. I had made a comment about how we must be the only two people in our high school without a boyfriend or girlfriend when he told me. He had a girlfriend. Peeta Mellark was dating Delly Cartwright. I was heartbroken to say the least. I don't have any right to be though. We never dated, never kissed, hell he doesn't even know I like him. He's had plenty of girlfriends before her but they never really lasted long. Two weeks at most. But he told me they'd been dating for three months but hadn't said anything to anyone. She deserves him too. She's a really sweet girl. The only people I know nicer then her are Madge, Prim, Annie,Peeta, Prim's best friend Rue, and Gale's little sister Posy. I had numbly sat up, told him congrats, and said something about having to go home. That was two hours ago. I've just been sitting on my bed, processing it all, letting it sink in, and trying to figure out how I missed it. I jump at the sound of a knock at my door. I look to see my twelve year old sister Prim standing in the door frame. "Dinner's in ten minutes." She states. When I only nod, she looks at me with a grim look on her face. "He told you about him and Delly, didn't he?" She states, more than asks, . I only nod, to afraid that if I say anything I'll start sobbing. Prim crosses the threshold and gracefully plants herself on my bed, perched on the edge like a bird about to take flight. "You know Delly's not as nice as people make her out to be. She's overly nice to make people like her. She's a real bitch though ( I don't actually think Delly's a bitch it's just for the story's purposes) the other day she bullied Rue into giving her all of her lunch! And then she just threw it out and ate her own lunch! Clove and Glimmer gave her two black eyes though, and Johanna threatened her with her axe. Nobody said anything to Peeta though, and they all gave Rue their lunch, and bought one of their own. Rue only ate one sandwich though and a capri sun, and brought the rest home for her family." By the ed of Prim's rant her little hands are curled into fists and I'm livid. Rue is one of the sweetest little girls in the world. Her home life isn't the best. Her parents work minimum wage and their employers refuse to give them a raise even though they do a great job, work hard, and have a good attitude. The only reason they don't get a raise is the employers are extremely racist. Rue is the oldest of five, and always gives her siblings the better part of I did for Prim when we were stuck in a hard time. My dad died and my mother clocked out, leaving me to raise myself and Prim at eleven years old. Peeta and his family had lived next door my whole life. We didn't talk much though. He was nice enough. They own Mellark's Bakery, and he had two nice older brothers and a caring father, but a witch of a mother. I'd been caring for Prim on my own for a month, and we were starving. One night it was extremely bad, and I knew we wouldn't last much longer. I day or two if I was lucky. Prim though- my seven year old baby sister was dying in front of me. It wasn't likely she would survive the night, as she had gotten sick, and her body was too weak from hunger to fight it off. I knew it was coming but I didn't want to accept it. My innocent baby sister, who would never hurt a fly, and didn't deserve this, she couldn't- was too good to die. But she was dying in my arms-and there was nothing I could do about it. I didn't bother hiding the tears from Prim. I love her more than anything, and there was no point in trying to be strong in front of her when she knew what was happening. She would go to sleep and never wake up. She would become an angel. I had started to accept it when there was a knock on the door. Not wanting to leave Prim I looked out the window and saw Peeta Mellark, I just called for him to come in. He came in with bags. And there was something in his hand. He held it out for me and upon closer examination-Yes!- it was the medicine Prim needed. I quickly gave it to her and her blue eyes became just a little bit brighter. Then I realized that the medicine wouldn't be enough we would just die in the next couple days anyways. Seeing my expression he held out the bags. I looked inside all the bags and they were filled to the brim with food. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, desserts, snacks, everything! We wouldn't starve after all. All because of Peeta. I couldn't hold it in anymore. I sat up and rushed over and gave him the hugest hug while sobbing. I vaguely remember thanking him a million times, and even kissing him on the cheek. My mother came back to life after that, and things got better. My mother makes a lot of money. I hold a small amount of bitter resentment towards her, but she came through for us. I'm shaken out of my reverie by Prim saying something. "I'm sorry Prim I zoned out can you repeat that please?" I say. She sighs, and smiles. "I said, you should write a song and sing it to him at Prom" She repeats. "How would that even work Prim?" "Easy, you tell the people in charge you want to sing a song, Madge and I will help you sing it and we can get Finnick, Cato, and Madge can play instruments." She responds. The idea is tempting not gonna lie. "Okay fine let's say we do this how does Peeta know it's about him, and Delly?" I ask. She thinks for a moment. "Well, you could dedicate it to him or something." It sounds foolproof. Except for one thing. "What if he doesn't feel the same way?" Prim laughs at this question. "Kat it's obvious to everyone except you, he's in love with you." She says. "Okay, I'm in." "Wait? So let me get this straight. You love Peeta?" asks Madge. We're all gathered in Madge's room, discussing our plans for what Prim and Rue are calling Plan Everlark. Peeta's on a date with Delly, and the rest of us-Madge, Gale,Clove, Glimmer, Annie, Prim, Rue,Thresh, Cato, Johanna, Marvel, and Finnick-are planning for Prom. They were pretty shocked to say the least when they found out. "Yes." I answer. Prim and Rue stand up on Madge's bed. "First order of business-" Prim starts "Katniss do you have the song ready?" Rue finishes. "Sir yes sir!" I say jokingly. "Katniss this is no laughing matter, we're trying to get you and Peeta together."Finnick says seriously. "That's right now next order of business, is the Prom committee on board with this?" Prim asks. "Yes they thought it was so romantic, and are rooting for you." Madge replies "Okay next what instruments do we need, and who's singing what?" Asks Rue. I look around the room and think of the song. "Finnick, you'll be guitar, Gale, drums, Madge and Prim will sing with me, and Madge you'll also be on piano. Rue you can dance a little if you want." I say. "Okay, and lastly we need to hear the song, and what we'll be singing." Rue and Prim say together. Madge has a huge music studio in her house with a bunch of instruments, so we go in there. I give a copy of the music to everyone who needs one, and highlighted where they sing or play. Then I sing. Madge and Prim sing at their parts, Madge playing the piano, Finnick, on guitar, and Gale on drums. When the song finishes, they all start clapping and cheering. I blush. "We can pull this off! Prom's next Saturday we have two weeks to practice." Prim shouts. Everyone starts cheering. This could actually happen I think smiling. We decided that everyone would sleepover at my house. As we're pulling in the driveway I notice Peeta and Delly getting out of his car. I see Rue flinch and my hatred for Delly comes full force, and I can tell everyone else feels the same way. But we all get out of the car acting like there's nothing wrong. Peeta sees us and walks over dragging Delly with him. "Hey guys what's up? You all look happy." He says. I smile at him and Finnick starts to answer "Well we've just-" Annie clamps her hand around his mouth and Prim and Rue's cries of Team Everlark can be heard in the background. "Katniss, Prim, and Madge are singing a song that Katniss wrote at Prom, and we're all sleeping over here. Care to join us" Annie covers. Peeta smiles and Delly glares at me. "Of course I would!" He says. Delly smiles and bats her eyes at him. "Peeta honey, what about me? Can I sleep over at Katniss' with you? I mean I am your girlfriend." She says staring at me. Peeta looks down a his shoes, and rubs the back of his neck. "Well erm um you see it's more of a best friend thing than a girlfriend thing, and it's Katniss' house." He stutters awkwardly. Delly looks at us. " Well can I come or not?" Everyone shakes their heads "Nope absolutely not" Says Glimmer. "No way in hell" Johanna adds. "Sorry it's kind of our thing." I say. Delly huffs, and walks to her car in her seven inch heels. Peeta walks over to Glimmer Finnick, and Johanna and they have a quick whispered conversation. They look over Peeta's shoulder and grin and nod encouragingly at me. When they come back Peeta says "So let's get this thing started with some food." "You just got back from a date!" I laugh. He grimaces. "Yeah she made us get the same thing and ordered salad with just leaves and no dressing and water Kaniss water! Where are the carbs and sugar, and the fat!?" I laugh. "Now if we were going on a date you'd order a cake, and a milkshake, have me order what I want, and I'd end up sharing your food because I really wanted chocolate cake." He says. I laugh because that's true. "That's true. It would be chocolate with chocolate frosting, and a chocolate milkshake and after picking at your chicken you'd start to eat my cake." I say We burst into laughter and the rest of the night is like that. It's perfect, and my only thoughts are that fake date we talked about could become a reality after Saturday. It's Wednesday afternoon and all the girls are sitting in my room discussing Prom. Glimmer looks up suddenly in the middle of our conversation about Plan Everlark. "So does everyone have a dress picked out for Saturday?" She asks. Prim and I shake our heads while everyone else nods. "Katniss! How do you not have a dress for prom? Prim'll need one too! Prom is this Saturday!" Glimmer screeches. "Well