Dear readers, here is the one-shot that I promised you. I really hope that this can tug at your heartstrings and make you feel like it did when I was writing it. I wasn't satisfied with RR's portrayal of this scene, which blatantly butchered Jason and Reyna's relationship, romantic or not. They deserve better, so without further ado, please enjoy. Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot and my own words. high hopes (takes me back to when we started) He's back. Reyna doesn't really know how she feels about that. Seeing him sends her head and her heart into a whirlwind of emotions, and it's confusing, so confusing, and she struggles to make sense of it all, but of course, stopping the tornado is impossible. Somehow, that just makes it even more obvious to her, how important he is to her, to be able to elicit such numerous emotions from a stoic, jaded person like her. But he was the one who brought her out of her shell, coaxed her into the open until she was standing in the light of day before she could even process it. She hasn't seen him yet, technically—it's the boat. The huge, majestic, magnificent boat, a feat of extraordinary engineering in itself, hovers over Camp Jupiter in all its glory, and she lets slip a tiny sliver of hope from the vault of emotions she prides herself on keeping shut. The dragon head glints golden in the sun, reflecting rays of warm sunlight. Its red, glowing eyes and razor-sharp teeth do not affect her, but what does is the memory it brings back. Of Jason, standing on Mount Othrys, commanding the storm clouds to his bidding, blue eyes unrecognisable with sheer power, gladius held high above his head, bolts of blinding electricity shooting from his arm. She had seen his power before, but nothing like this—his eyes had this mad, crazy look in them, and she would have been lying if she said it hadn't scared her a bit. The other legionnaires halted momentarily in their actions, astounded and cowering a little in shock. But, Reyna reminded herself, it was Jason. He would never hurt her, or anyone he cared about. And the tiny part of her that was scared stopped being scared and turned instead to being proud of her powerful, strong best friend. And it didn't affect her anymore. He's coming back. According to Octavian, and Percy, and the scroll, the graecus are coming, and Jason is with them. Now, only a few feet separate them. She wonders if it is poisonous, toxic to let herself hope that indeed, he is there, and he is the same. Reyna is not one to dupe herself. Spending so much time with the Greeks will definitely change the Jason she used to know, even if he doesn't want to be changed. And if the same thing that happened to Percy happened to him too, then she really doesn't want to see the damage it has caused. More likely than not, Jason would not have had the luxury of getting a potion to regain his memory. What if he doesn't remember…? These thoughts swirl in the back of Reyna's mind as the boat descends ever so slowly until it is just above the trees. "Legion, stay back!" she hears herself ordering, subconsciously feeling the anxiety of her soldiers and how they are trying ever so hard to go against their instincts of attacking intruders. "I know you are all wary of the Greeks, and so you should be, but I plead you not jeopardise any peaceful relations until we know if they are a legitimate threat or not. If they dare deceive us, I will not hesitate to mobilise forces." She feels Percy materialise next to her, his arm just brushing hers. "Big words, Reyrey," he teases, earning him a nudge in his side from her elbow. She feels his excitement, too, and a quick sideways glance shows her his wide, wide green eyes and slightly open mouth. True to her insightful abilities, Reyna does not fail to see the hope in his expression and the way he fidgets with Riptide, refusing to uncap it and take arms against his "friends". Percy's constant motion is driving her crazy, even if she knows he really can't help it. "Stop twitching," Reyna reprimands, though her tone betrays her newfound fondness of Percy and all his dorky but adorable antics. It's funny how easily she accepted him, considering how long it took for Jason and Dakota and Gwen and Bobby to penetrate her defences. Maybe it was the stupid bravery of his, so similar to Jason's cocky confidence, or just the way he held himself, knowing the extent of his power while being approachable and open. Perhaps it was his demeanour and his playful, carefree way of living. Once upon a time, she had seen him as a replacement for Jason, and everything about Percy had reminded her of a tall, lean, golden-haired, blue-eyed son of Jupiter. But seeing his face, so unbelievably happy because he's going to see his girlfriend again, Reyna knows she never should have tried seeing him differently. She is so grateful for Percy. Granted, he hasn't really been in the camp for long, only about a month at most. He was gone for a week for his mission, too. In that short amount of time, he has become something like a constant for her, a ball of sunshine with an attitude. And he's a bit more than just a soldier. He's her brother . Maybe it's because he arrived just when she needed someone who understood, someone to trust and talk to when she was hurting the most, when even her own resilient mind had started to convince her that maybe Jason was really gone. Percy's arrival had renewed her hopes of finding Jason, proving the legion wrong. And when they had bonded over hot chocolate and their hopes of finding their respective other halves, he was a welcome "new thing" to enter her life, a distraction from her daily life that still had a Jason-sized hole in it. She was hurting, and Percy had been there for her, and she really loves him, in a purely bromantic (a word Percy had added to her vocabulary) way. Reyna does not make mistakes twice—if she had fallen for her best friend and gotten hurt once, she would never let herself do that again. From now on, all her close friendships with males are only platonic and nothing more. It's okay, anyway. She thinks that after Jason, she will never really find anyone good enough or just Jason enough to piece together her broken heart. Percy is easy to love, and Reyna vows to watch out for him, even though the son of Poseidon doesn't need any help at all—he is her brother and she will not let him slip through her fingers (like her sister did). She thinks he is too trusting. That gets people hurt. Annabeth better be just as great as Percy describes her to be, though Reyna doubts any girl short of extraordinary could have gotten the painfully oblivious boy to be so, so in love. "Are you nervous?" Percy interrupts her thoughts, just in time for her to notice that the ship has descended even more and is just above her head now. Out of the corner of her eye, she also spies Dakota, standing just a little too close to Gwen. His dark eyes flick to Reyna's, and offer consolation, showing her a reflection of her own mixture of happiness, anticipation and concern. Gwen's hand grasps Dakota's forearm tightly. Reyna does not miss how their weapons are drawn, but at awkward angles—they have the instinct to fight and hate the Greeks, but do not want to hurt Jason. Reyna only nods curtly in reply. Percy knows her well enough not to push the subject. He seems too preoccupied with excitement anyway, now bouncing on the balls of his feet. She only has to shoot him a glare to freeze his movements. "Don't worry, Rey," the son of Poseidon mutters under his breath with a reassuring smile. "Jason will come back to you." She sighs, knowing that he means well, but how would Percy know? He was the one who left, just like Jason (again, Reyna forces her thoughts to halt to remind herself that he didn't have a choice, it was Hera's fault—but gods is it so hard to see it that way). Maybe Annabeth would have been a better confidante. Reyna isn't one to hope for friends, however she thinks she would get along well with the intelligent, witty, strong daughter of Athena. "I highly doubt that. You were lucky to get your memories back, but for him… I am looking for the worst." "I remembered Annabeth, didn't I? Who's to say that Jason wouldn't remember you?" "You and Annabeth were already together," Reyna reminds, feeling her throat clench. "We… were close, but not quite there yet." "Not making it relationship official doesn't mean your connection with Jason is any less profound than mine and Annabeth's," Percy states matter-of-factly in one of his genius moments. Reyna allows herself to briefly ponder the truth of his statement. It is then that the ship lands—well, hovers an inch above ground—and a ramp is extended to allow passengers to descend. Reyna suddenly can't bear to look, but her eyes refuse to glance elsewhere, fixated on the ship. A girl with startling grey eyes with a lithe athlete's figure and wavy blonde hair in a ponytail rushes onto the ramp, seeming more jittery than Percy, who stiffens beside Reyna. This must be Annabeth, and the female praetor is already impressed. Annabeth has excellent posture and possesses a cunning intelligence that gleams in her eyes, and Reyna is particularly pleased that she carries a bronze knife tucked into a leg holster. She watches as Annabeth spots Percy, sees her grey irises soften and swirl like stormy skies, then smiles internally when the blonde runs to Percy. She kisses him fiercely (to Reyna's amusement) and proceeds to judo-flip him. Reyna decides that Annabeth is up to her standards and that they definitely deserve each other. She is so happy for Percy. If only that were her and Jason. After the Percy and Annabeth reunion fiesta, a tall boy with golden hair like the sun and blue eyes like the sky walks out, and Reyna can't seem to find her breath. He's taller than she remembers. His hair is longer. Shoulders broader. And for some peculiar reason, he's holding a gladius that is definitely not IVLIVS, his prized coin. But all Reyna really sees is him, and he's alive , and he's back . For a second, all her worries wash away. All she needs is to see him to bring out the hopes she so desperately hid in her vault of emotions. He will remember her, and he will run to her, and Percy would be right. In the next second, everything changes again. He looks back to the inside of the ship. He's holding something in one of his hands. A girl walks out. Reyna notices that his hand is connected to hers, and suddenly it's all rushing back to her—no, he did not remember; no, he will not run to her; no, he will not come back to her because there is someone else . (This doesn't properly register in Reyna's stubborn mind yet.) Reyna steadies herself to better inspect the other girl (and to ignore the soft smiles and starry looks that they share). To her disdain, the girl is gorgeous. She has smooth, flawless mocha skin and kaleidoscopic irises. She has choppily-cut chestnut hair in miniature braids framing her face, while the rest swishes across her shoulders. She is petite and slim, and her lips are pink and full. It doesn't take Minerva to see that the girl is a