Characters: Finn Ky Odair:15 Maggie Odair:14 Willow Prim Mellark:14 Rye Boggs Mellark:12 Tarris Rory Harthwone:16 Olivia Hazel Harthwone:12 Willow's story Chapter 1: Me Willow's POV I never thought I would be so different. Sure, I have my mom's scowl and figure, and my dad's smile and popularity. But I never seem to fit in, I'm always odd. Like I'm popular but I'm not good at making friends. The only best friends I have is uncle Finnick's daughter, Maggie or as I like to call her "Mags" and uncle Gale's son, Tarris. And if it weren't for my mom and dad's weird connection with these people, then I would have never been friends with them. Uncle Finnick also has a son, Finn but I just hate him, he thinks he's god's gift to people, walking around, acting stupid and superior, strong and charming. Only the stupidest girls fall in love with him, that must mean that every single girl in Panem must be an idiot. But lately I've not been myself, whenever he makes a joke I find myself giggling and having a habit of twirling my hair when he's around, my heart flutters whenever he's looking at me. Maggie accuses Finn of having a HUGE crush on me. But I don't believe her. Tarris has a younger sister too, Olivia, but my younger brother who is 2 years apart from me, Rye hangs out with her, sometimes I think that there is a small, awkward crush going on around them. I also have a 5 year old sister, Lilly, who is the most adorable, innocent little girl I have ever seen. Anyway, people at school look at me like I'm wearing snake skin or something, like I'm an outcast or a trendsetter. It feels so awkward and uncomfortable. Fortunately, my whole family (Uncle Finnick, Aunt Annie, Aunt Johanna, Uncle Gale, and Grandpa Haymitch, mom, dad +) live in district four . The awkward thing is that we all live in one, huge house. We were gonna live in separate houses in victor's village but noo, my crazy mom and dad had to come up with a crazy idea of building one, huge house. Unfortunately, everybody, except me and Finn agreed. Chapter 2 Uh oh "WILLOW PRIM MELLARK! GET THE HELL DOWN HERE, NOW", I wince at my mother's yelling but I rush down right away. "Yes?!", I say innocently. She points to my sister who is covered in flour, smiling like an angel. I burst out laughing. My mom starts to yell again. "HOW THE HELL DID THIS HAPPEN?", I start to sweat, "I-I was b-baking with R-Rye and-d R-Rose, F-Finn started to bother me and and eating cake batter and feeding it to R-Rose. I-I got angry and left it Rye. I-I guess he left t-too.", I explain. I see Finn peeking from the door, smirking. I scowl. "What the...", "FINN KY ODAIR YOU ARE DEAD TO ME!", I scream and I chase Finn, he manages to get outside. We run all around town until I find him at a store, buying some water, panting. I catch him and slap him across the face. He just smirks. " I'm gonna ruin your pretty little face you son of a...", Finn interrupts me by lifting me and dragging me who-knows-where "Put me down!", I hiss at him. I notice he is taking me to the beach. I hear ocean waves. Oh snap! "Whatever you say !", he drops me in to the creek. I am cursing words I have never said before at him. But then an idea pops into my head. I smirk. Chapter 3: The water fight Yup, this idea is genius. I cup my hand and splash as much water I can on to him. Good thing it's summer. Eventually , I manage to pull him into the water. He and I are grinning, splashing water on to each other, I'm giggling. What had gotten into me? We suddenly stop. His sea green eyes lock on my grey ones. My heart starts to flutter. He puts a lock of my hair behind my ear, he leans in closer, he cups my chin, he is about to do something. Slowly, he tilts his head forward and his lips brush mine. This goes on for around 5 seconds when out of nowhere, Tarris and Maggie pop out of the water. We quickly pull away. Finn walks out of the water and walks away like nothing happened. "What was that?" Tarris and Maggie say in unison, my cheeks go heat up, they go from a rosy pink to a dark red. I shoot them an I'll-explain-later look and go after Finn, I feel confused and happy. That's when I realize that I may like Finn Ky Odair. Chapter 4:memories I see Finn walking as if he is angry or ashamed, he is like 500 meters away so I break into a full sprint when it hits me. Flashback "Will! Will! Finn likes you, WAKE UP!", Maggie barges into my room at 2:00 a.m, waking me up. Who does that? I guess the Odairs do. "What?!", I hiss, "He likes you!", she teased. I blush and scowl at the same time. "Yeah he has a crush on me like he has a crush on every single girl in Panem!", I hiss, "You'll see you two will be together soon", she beams. End of flashback I had no idea I caught up to Finn until I fall and end up on top of him. We stand up and I slap him across the face again. He rubs his cheek with a hurt look on his face. "What the hell was that Finn?", I am so angry and confused. He just ignored me and walks away. We reach home, I change my clothes and go to bed. In the middle of the night I feel a hand caressing my hair. I open my eyes a bit so I can catch a glimpse of who this person is. I see bronze hair and sun-kissed skin and sea-green eyes. Is it Uncle Finnick? No, it's Finn, I can tell by younger features he has. I would take a chance at a relationship but I am only 14 and he is 15, it is too early for this kind of stuff. I pretend to sleep but when he kisses my cheek my eyes flutter open, he goes wide-eyed and runs out of my room. Don't tell but I kind of liked it. Chapter 5: Finn and I avoid contact the next morning, I guess he is regretting his bold actions. "Honey, you've barely touched your food, it's your favourite, bacon, eggs and French toast!", my dad says, he's right but I'm too caught up in what's happening to eat. " I know dad but I'm to worried about school to eat because school starts in two months and I'm just nervous", I lie, arrg! I'm such a bad liar. "Willow it starts in two months not in two days", my dad says patiently. "Ok dad", he smiles and I try to eat. I end up eating four strips of bacon, two pieces of French toast and a mouthful of eggs. It distracts me from yesterday but no matter how hard I try, it just pops into my mind, how should've I react to it? Why did Finn do this? I don't know but I'm really confused, maybe I should talk to Mags or Mom or Tarris, wait, not. Tarris, it would be weird and awkward. Later in the day I talk to Mags. "Did you see it?", I say "See what?", Maggie asked. " Did you see what happened in the water yesterday?", I ask "Oh yeah, the mushy stuff and all? Yeah I saw everything.", Maggie says in a rather loud voice. " SHUT UP Maggie! Don't tell anyone", I whisper, "So what do I do?", I ask. "Well, what do you feel about all that mushy stuff?", asked Maggie, "MAGS, THAT'S WHY I CAME TO YOU TO TALK ABOUT!", I say in frustration. "Talk about what?", Finn came into my room with a curious face. "No, seriously Willow, talk about what?", "oh nothing, crushes and undergarments and makeup. That's all!", Maggie says in a calm voice "Ugh!", Finn exclaims and he walks away, I close and lock the door for privacy. "Well, Will, I guess you need to make a choice!", "Fine Mags, get out, I need to think this over!", I say and Maggie gets out if the room. That night I couldn't sleep, I accept the fact that I couldn't sleep and went downstairs for some water. There, I see someone, drinking water. Chapter 6: the talk Finn's POV I couldn't sleep, I tossed and turned, wondering what Willow said to Maggie, I know she kind of hates me but to me we are kind of friends. I know that she is gonna pick Tarris but what if I claim her first? Her birthday is coming up and I want to make it special. But to be honest, I've always had a crush on her. It was when I was eleven and she was ten, she was dared to sing with the Mockingjays, they all fell silent when she sang, I immediately realized that I have a crush on her, I try to brush off the feelings but they popped into every thought I had. Anyway, I accepted the fact that I couldn't sleep and went downstairs for water or hot chocolate. I've only been here for literally five seconds when I see Willow, as beautiful as always. Willow's POV I see Finn, sitting there, he looks like he's shocked or happy. "Couldn't sleep?", he asks, I nod my head , he pats the seat next to him on the love-seat, I sit down but there is no space between us. Not an inch. But for some reason, I like the fact that there is no space between us. He gets up. "Well, I should get going.", he says, but I want him to stay, is it the same thing that is keeping him up? I object before he goes. "No! Finn, stay, please?!", he nods and sits on the love-seat again, I move so my head is in his lap and I'm laying down. I start to doze off but I'm awakened by Finn stroking my hair. He suddenly stops, but I want him to continue, it's so soothing. "Look, Willow, if you don't like me doing all this then I will stop.", he says. "No, it's not bothering me, I was just shocked that you did that you did that, that's all", I explain "Ok, one more thing", he says "What?", "Do you wanna, uh you know...we have known each other for years and I feel we can try at a relationship, do you ?", he asks. I'm shocked, but I just say what is in my heart. "Ok, sure", I say casually . He smiles and goes back to stroking my hair, we start to doze off. Chapter 7: Agreements We wake up in the morning, it's 7:00 am, everyone else is asleep. I have this anxious, giddy, exciting feeling in me. "Morning", I mutter. "Good morning!" Finn beams. "Wait! Finn! There is some thing I didn't mention!", He frowns "what is it?", he mutters " We can't tell anyone!", He scowls "why can't we tell anyone?", he asks. "Because we are too young, and my dad would probably lock me in some random place and send you somewhere out of Panem!", I explain. His expression turns to a smile "Ok!", then he kisses my hand which in interlocked with his. "Come on! Lets get changed and let's head out!", he exclaims. I nod my head. " wait, like on a...", "Yes, on a date!", he says I feel like I have butterflies in my stomach. But I nod my head and head upstairs as quiet as I can,