Chapter 1 A New Threat "Run run run as fast as you can, you can't catch me I'm!..." "Seth, cut it out with the random movie punch lines, or at least make them apply to the situation, it's a friggin werewolf for crying out loud" "Cool it guys, we got it cornered" Jake ordered, his resounding bark kept Embry and Seth from arguing while we ran south of the Cullen Path. It was no longer considered a boundary line, the thing that separated the wolves from the vampires, but more of a testament to the alliance that had formed between the two families over the past few months. I, Leah Clearwater, all round cheeky gal with a cute butt, sweet temperament and the most beautiful girl in all the land had been the cause of that alliance when I fell in love with the most perfect man on the planet. That or it was the violent massacre of one James and Victoria who led a psychotic band of lunatics against my boyfriends family in order to kidnap, torture and ultimately drain the blood of my odd ball super powered best friend Angela Weber. Either way, they were buds and that is all that mattered, though the vampires weren't exactly present at the moment, I wondered if Edward, Jasper and Emmet were having trouble with the other werewolf. I barked a laugh thinking that would have been hilarious. "What's so funny sis?" Seth asked, the handy perk of being the only wolf not connected to either of the Alpha's meant that all my deep dark secrets were mine to keep. "You when you're watching the view" The others laughed and he growled at me, I just kicked it up a gear and took off ahead of all of them. "Leah, slow down, we don't know if it's vicious" Jake warned me, unable to really order me to keep to his side. "It doesn't know if I'm vicious either" I told him, barking out another laugh. "Good point" We had been tracking two werewolves for over a week now, with the full moon out only for one more night we were running short on time of actually capturing the pair, the word "Capture" was a loose interpretation of the sentence, "Attack and try not to kill" It was only at the request of Carlisle that we were all working to trap them instead of kill them. Jake and the others had picked up the scent and had sent Seth to come and get me and Edward, Jake and Edward were getting to be quite good buddies, they trusted each other just as much as they trusted their own brothers and it made for quick work that Edwards two brothers were just as eager to wrestle with werewolves as mine were. "Alright, we got it!" Embry cheered, we all moved down through the forest and pulled back into a perfect V shape with me running in the centre, a well practised move based on one of Jakes favourite movies, for a brief moment I was glad that I didn't phase into a giant duck. "Focus, it's heading for Carlisles place!" Jake ordered. It was always funny to watch Seth, Embry and Quil fall into line when Jake laid down the law, I was getting too proud of my freedom of late and so I was working extra hard to be the 5th member of his pack without too much resistance, it had to be the female in me that didn't want no man taking away my independence that made it so hard. "Alright boss man, make a call" I told Jake, I could hear the smirk in his huff and he braced himself when the creature came into view. "Whooo! It's ugly!" Quil yelled. Werewolves weren't the prettiest things in the world that wasn't a lie in anyway, the truth was they were like a split between wolves and people, tall and stretched out they were bipedal running snarling beasts with canine like faces, big claws and a really really bad temper. "He's spotted us!" Seth yelled, he growled and snapped his teeth preparing to defend himself. "Spring the trap, in three, two...oh crap!" The beast charged towards us without a care in the world, it's huge mass meant that it was nearly 12 foot in height and wider than Emmet if he had decided to take a course of steroids for a few months and pump some iron. "Move! Embry get out the way!" Jake yelled. The whine that echoed out of Embry shot through me like a spark of electricity, the werewolf had lunged right at the group and broke right down the middle of the V, Embry was too distracted by the sheer size of the monster and was now being tackled and thrown into a tree. "Move! Quil, get Embry, Clearwaters get my flanks, Leah distract it, Seth with me we'll confuse it" "And how exactly am I suppose to distract the monster oh fearless moron?" I asked politely, I was backing away slowly and turning round to chase Jake on his right side, the natural Beta's position while Seth ran on the left. "I don't know, look sexy" Jake huffed and rolled his eyes, he and Seth broke off moving away from me to circle around while I ran straight at the werewolf who was moving towards Quil and a very hurt Embry. "Fine, You who, Mr Werewolf, check out this ass!" I turned and presented myself lifting my tail and wiggling my butt, I didn't really think it was going to work, but when I heard the loud howl I froze and turned my head to see it staring at me, panting with wide curious eyes. "What do you know it worked" Jake said surprised, then he yelled, "Oh shit it worked, Leah run!" My ears flattened when I saw the beast charging towards me, his eyes on my big furry booty, this wasn't good. I took off at top speed running for Carlisles place, I would be dammed if I was going to get humped by a werewolf before my marriage conscious boyfriend was going to do it first! The beast howled again and leapt into the air soaring right over the top of me, It landed and spun round snarling at me, I skidded to halt trailing dirt and bared my teeth, circling it, it wasn't waiting, it wanted a hot piece of ass and he wasn't going to let a little thing like me snarling at him get in his way. He lunged. I crouched and prepared to counter, but before I could even get off the ground something pale white and impossibly fast flew over the top of my head. "Good dogs, don't bite!" At the sound of his voice and the way he launched himself fearlessly towards my attacker, my heart beat jumped and nearly leapt right out of my big furry chest, Edward. I watched in awe the way he danced around the werewolves claws, it couldn't lay a hand on him, two more figures rushed past me and I saw Emmet leap into the air and tackle the beast to the ground. "Hey, that's not fair, we got here first!" Seth yelled as he joined us, Jake just snapped at him and moved round the circle pouncing onto the monster pushing it down with his large paws, Seth did the same and the three of them together pinned it down. "I'll admit, the ass shaking thing was a good idea" Jasper said and he turned and grinned at me, I barked and winked at him making him laugh. "Well, what man could resist?" Edward said lovingly, his honey gold eyes staring up at me as I approached. "you flirt" I said nuzzling his cheek, my attention turning to the vampire, werewolf and wolf pile up that was happening right next to us, "Where is the other one?" "Currently trapped in the garage at the house, Carlisles plan worked" Edward said, his hand caressing through my fur gently, I watched as Jasper reached into the bag he was holding and took out Carlisles home made tranquillizer and stuck it into the giant beast. "still not sure it is a good idea" Jake said seriously, pulling away from the werewolf as it fell into a deep sleep. "we'll see what kind of people they are first and then decide what to do after, the fact they were running away and no one in town has been hurt would suggest they are peaceful" Edward said gently. "Well, we best get this one to the house, he wasn't as mean as the female was though" Emmet hoisted the sleeping beast onto his shoulder and dragged it towards the light of the house. "Must be a female thing, they tend to be more vicious" Jake thought, I growled at him and Edward chuckled a little. "Of course you are completely wrong, I happen to find female wolves highly docile" Edward rushed to say. "Whipped" Jake muttered, Seth snorted. "Jacob!" Watching the rapid change in Jake was hilarious, if Edward was whipped I have no idea how I would describe what my best friend was these days. Angela was standing on the porch looking worried, when she saw him she disappeared and reappeared a second later on the ground in front of him wrapping her arms around his big head. "She had been worrying the entire time we were gone" Edward said with a chuckle watching the pair. "Well, some girls just can't handle it, then again she doesn't have a kick ass over protective BF like mine, sure she has Jake, but you're way more paranoid" I said leaning down and licking his cheek. "Thanks" Edward said with a chuckle, he moved into his usual place when ever I was about to phase back to human. I leaned back and stood on my hind legs, shimmering down into my human form, his shirt was already off which quickly made focusing an issue, but I took it and slipped it on all the same, after Jasper and Emmet admitted that I looked good naked, Edward had taken it upon himself to save them from the distraction, he was so cute when he was being jealous. "Think you'll be just fine, give it about" Carlisle pretended to think as he tapped up Embry's ribs, "about half an hour" he chuckled lightly and turned to the rest of us, "so, it worked?" "Better than expected Doc, you're a genius" Seth muttered spitting some food onto his plate. "Seth dear, manners" Esme chided him, he smiled apologetically and nodded getting back to his meal. "Pig" I muttered, ruffling his hair while I stole random bits of food from Quils plate, he had fallen asleep and I figured his food shouldn't go to waste. "Yeah, the only confusing thing was, the place we found them" Emmet said, he had found his way to the TV and was sitting with Rosalie on his right. "Where?" Alice asked, she had stayed out of this one because she couldn't see the werewolves and going in blind would have hindered her. "North of the Rez, nothing there but a bunch of old caves, no source of food or nothing" Jake told her, he was sitting in the large arm chair with Angela curled up asleep in his lap, she didn't sleep well or often these days. "Hmm" Alice went silent and flitted across the room to sit at Jaspers feet where he sat on the stairs. "Perhaps it was a kind of den they were making" Carlisle suggested. "I don't think so," Edward told him, "I think there could be more to it, their thoughts were erratic which is to be expected on a night like this, but they were both thinking the same thing" "And that was?" Alice asked, her eyes were closed and I knew she was trying to see something she