Now that there are no more Hunger Games movies to hype, it's time for me to write some fanfiction. This was written specifically for Book Jawn Podcast's fanfiction contest (and won first place!). Check them out when you have the chance. Silent Smiles The Peacekeeper stalked through the snow, camouflaged in their bright white uniform. A speck of blood would stand out more than them if it weren't for Prim, walking by their side, bundled in a dark blue jacket trying to stay calm and warm. Fear paralyzed Peeta for a few seconds as he watched the two approach his house in Victor's Village. He let out a breath and looked at the painting he'd been working on. In it, Katniss's sleeping face—which normally he found solace in for its serenity—was marred by the welt she'd received from a whip after stepping in to protect Gale from further lashings. She slept in a chair, her head cradled in her arms on the table where Gale fought to recover from the whipping. Capturing the hue of Gale's ruined olive skin covered in blood soaked up by a once-white cloth in a dark room proved challenging for Peeta. But he'd have to postpone that challenge, because now he had a new one—protect Prim and himself from the Peacekeeper at all costs, or be haunted by new nightmares. After Peeta put his painting supplies down with care, three hard knocks came at his door. While descending the stairs to the ground floor, he quickly composed his face with an airy smile, like he'd been dreaming happier thoughts about Katniss than he actually had been. When he reached the door, he didn't hesitate to open it. "Hey, Prim," Peeta said, stepping forward to hug her. Even though they'd never hugged before, Prim wrapped her arms around his torso and pressed her face to his chest with more urgency than he'd expected. The fear lingered between them as they broke apart. "You have your own Peacekeeper now? You must be even more special than Katniss," Peeta joked. The Peacekeeper—a middle-aged woman with short-cropped brown hair that Peeta didn't recognize—turned to him. "Speaking of Miss Everdeen," she said, in a voice as cold but not nearly as fragile as the snow, "she wouldn't happen to be with you, would she?" Her smirk let Peeta know she already knew the answer. "I thought maybe she'd come to see you, like she does sometimes, so you can spend time alone," Prim added hurriedly. The absurdity of her statement almost made him laugh. Katniss had stood on his doorstep a few times before, like they were all doing now, but had never set foot inside his house in search of private intimacy. The Capitol had become quite good at killing his laughter and leaving the tattered memories there to torture him, though. Surely his house was bugged, and the Capitol knew Katniss had never come over, yet he tried his best to play along with Prim's game. "I'm sorry, but she's not here right now, and I'm not sure where she is," Peeta said, hoping he wouldn't be forced to say much more on the matter. The more details he gave—like that he hadn't seen her today, or that he had been expecting her now, or anything else—would make the lie harder to coordinate with Prim and her mom. "Why don't you come over while we wait for Miss Everdeen to return for dinner?" the Peacekeeper asked. Peeta forced himself to smile wider. "Of course. I always love more excuses to see Katniss. But why are you waiting around for her? She's not in some sort of trouble, is she?" He felt powerless without information, helpless with no way to get it, and despair at the possibility of getting Prim into trouble with his questions. "We have a message for her from Head Peacekeeper Thread," the Peacekeeper said. "Why not leave the message with Prim? It must be boring for you to sit around in their house," Peeta said. "Head Peacekeeper Thread would like us to personally deliver the message." Peeta nodded like this made perfect sense. "Let me get my coat." Once he returned, the Peacekeeper said, "We're going to Mr. Abernathy's house as well to see if Miss Everdeen is there." She turned on her heels and started crunching her way through the packed snow. Peeta and Prim exchanged glances that said more than their veiled words could. They would both be wary. They would work together. They would free Katniss from this trap. Somehow, it didn't appear to be as easy as taking a beating from his mother to toss her a loaf of bread, or losing a leg to protect her from Cato's sword. He didn't know what he was up against. He only knew that Katniss's dark humor was rubbing off on him. Prim jogged a bit to keep up with the Peacekeeper, with Peeta bringing up the rear. Prim was just as slim as Katniss, and even shorter, but aside from that, Peeta saw no hints that they were sisters. With her blond hair trailing behind her in pigtails, her blue eyes, and her pale complexion, Prim looked more like she could be his sister. And in a few months, once he'd married Katniss, she would be his sister, by law, anyway. It made him feel even worse about the marriage being nothing more than a political power play than he already did. The one time he'd had any meaningful conversation with Prim happened only two weeks ago, when they'd been tending to Gale after the whipping. Growing up, they'd exchanged nothing but small-talk every once in a while. Much like he'd done with Katniss, he admired Prim's kindness when surrounded by such despair from afar. His father was particularly fond of her, but he'd always been a quiet man, so he mostly showed his admiration by making favorable trades with Katniss for squirrels. Now he gave them more cookies or cheese buns than they'd paid for when they came to make more legal purchases. There was no time even for small-talk on the short walk to Haymitch's house. Peeta got in the quip "Haymitch is coming too? So much for a romantic evening with Katniss," and then they were at his front door. The Peacekeeper knocked three times, just like she'd done at Peeta's house. They all waited in silence on Haymitch's doorstep. When he opened the door, his gray eyes lit up and he laughed. "Well, this looks like an interesting party we're gathering here," he said. "Thank you for coming to invite me." "We're looking for Katniss Everdeen," the Peacekeeper said, ignoring Haymitch's strangely jovial outburst. "You're going to have to keep looking, then," Haymitch said. "While we wait for Miss Everdeen to return, you're invited to come to her house for dinner," the Peacekeeper said. "As long as you're not cooking," Haymitch replied with a shrug, retrieving his jacket from a hook right beside the door. He locked his house and started leading the way back to the Everdeen's. Despite his inappropriate jokes, Peeta was glad Haymitch would be around while they all waited for Katniss to come home. As District 12's once-lone Victor, now a famous figure for public drunkenness and spectacle each year when the Hunger Games rolled around, Haymitch got away with saying pretty much anything he wanted. If he had held up a bunch of berries and threatened to commit suicide, people probably would have just laughed and let him die. Nothing he said was seen as a serious threat. "Are you with the new shipment of Peacekeepers?" Haymitch asked. "I was brought in by Head Peacekeeper Thread. You should address me as Peacekeeper Septima," the Peacekeeper replied. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Peacekeeper Septima," Peeta said, which may have been the biggest lie he'd told so far. The conversation died after that, and Peeta was almost glad to find a second Peacekeeper, Titus, waiting at the Everdeen's. Introductions sustained the conversation a little longer before the Peacekeepers's presence stifled it again. At least they could entertain each other while Peeta thought of some way to put on a show of Prim and him being close friends. Haymitch wandered over to Mrs. Everdeen, to help put her at ease with some tasteless jokes. The Peacekeepers sat at the long kitchen table. The last time Peeta'd been here, Gale had still been recovering on that table, laying on his stomach as his back throbbed in pain. Two weeks ago Peeta and Haymitch had to drag Katniss away from that table, away from her mother, at whom Katniss hurled curses that weren't nearly as accurate as her arrows. This catastrophe convinced her they had to stay in District 12, had to do something to fight the Capitol rather than run from it. Peeta looked away from the table and instead focused his gaze out the window, on the setting sun. Had she run away, or had she instead run straight into trouble? "Katniss's wedding dresses came today," Prim said to him. She started walking towards the rockers next to the fireplace and he followed. "It's a shame that Cinna made all these dresses, and only one will ever really get worn," Peeta said. "That's true," Prim said, sitting down in one of the rockers. Buttercup, the Everdeen's mangy orange cat, came scampering over to lay in Prim's lap. She stroked his matted fur with a smile on her face. "He should make another six dresses, one for every District. We should hold a separate, live ceremony in each one," Peeta said. He thought that was a pretty good idea by Capitol standards, actually. Effie would love it. "He'd need to make thirteen dresses. One more, for the Capitol ceremony." "That's right! We can't forget about the Capitol." His eyes shifted to the Peacekeepers for a second. "You could start with the Capitol ceremony and end in Twelve. It would be perfect!" Prim said. "It really would," Peeta said, trying not to think of marrying Katniss thirteen times when she didn't even want to marry him once. "What about your dress, Prim?" "I don't think Cinna's had time to worry about that yet. And I'm a little nervous about getting all dressed up like that …" Even though her current clothes were simple—an off-white sweater and cozy black pants—they were such a step up from the threadbare or patched or baggy clothes the Everdeens wore before Katniss won the Games. He, too, had more clothing now, more clothes that didn't have stains from cooking all day or painting. But none of their clothes competed with the finery of the ones he and Katniss wore in the Capitol. Just one of Cinna's dresses currently packed in a box in the corner probably cost more than all of their clothes combined. "Don't worry. You're very pretty, Prim. You'll look amazing in your dress. Cinna will make sure of it." "He's not going to set me on fire, is he?" "He usually only sets fake fires, but you never know." "I thought you both looked beautiful during the Tribute Parade," Prim said as she looked down at Buttercup. Peeta smiled. "Thank you. Honestly, making us beautiful was the least Cinna could do after making us fear he'd roast us alive before the Games even began." "What's the Capitol really like? I'm nervous about leaving District 12," Prim said. Peeta's eyes flicked toward the Peacekeepers again, as they remained silent, sipping tea or some other hot drink Mrs. Everdeen had given them, clearly eavesdropping on their conversation. Nervous about leaving District 12? Everyone should be grateful to leave the clutches of the cold winters and coal mines for the finery of the Capitol. The only reason he and Katniss left with any consternation involved what they believed to be their fated death sentence. The Capitol had wanted to kill Prim at one point, or at least, to make it very hard