Hey! A new story, I know I should be updating Cell Phone Swap , but I couldn't resist. I honestly think I will love writing this story, and I hope you like it! :D Lovewrecked Prologue " Hey Annie! What're you doing here?" Percy said, raising an eyebrow at Annabeth who was sitting on the swing set at the park. A large, thick book was perched on her lap, and she was flicking through the pages at a rapid pace until Percy walked up to her. For as long as Annabeth had known Percy, they had despised each other, and Percy only talked to her to get her riled up. After all, who wanted to talk to the freak that had no friends and read books all the time? " Oh, I'm just leaving," Annabeth said, getting up and picking up the book she was reading. She grabbed her book bag, and at the tender age of nine, she had already read most classics that adults wouldn't even come across until their first year of college. " Come on Annie, why don't you stay?" Percy said, sitting next to her on the swing set and staring at her mockingly. She glared at him, before replying. " My name is Annabeth, not Annie, not Beth, just Annabeth," She said, glaring at Percy, who smirked in reply. For a ten-year old, he was way too cocky for his own good. " Oh, but Annabeth is so long, beside you still didn't answer my question," Percy pointed out, smirking when he watched Annabeth's face fall. Although most people thought that Percy wasn't that smart, Annabeth knew better than that. She knew that while Percy wasn't book smart, he certainly was street-smart, and would fare better in action as opposed to Annabeth who only knew what to do if she read it before hand. " Well, I don't want to be near someone like you, beside I hate Seaweed Brains," Annabeth said, sticking her nose up. Percy sneered at her, his nose scrunching up in distaste. " Well I don't like Wise Girls either," He said, and Annabeth rolled her eyes, before placing the book bag firmly on her shoulder, and walking away. " See you around Wise Girl!" Percy yelled, before pulling his feet back and pushing his momentum forward so that the swing could pull him back and forwards. Although, what the two childhood enemies didn't know, was that the next day, Annabeth's family would move from busy New York City to sunny San Francisco. After a few years they gradually started to forget about each other, and Percy grew out of his cocky stage and was known as a sweet guy, and everyone he met agreed that he was loyal to a fault. While back in San Francisco, Annabeth grew out of her shy exterior and befriended the spunky Thalia Grace and the tomboyish Piper Mclean. If it was up to them, they would have been perfectly happy never seeing each other again. But fate has a wicked sense of humour, don't you think? "Annabeth, come on, there's nothing to be afraid of!" Piper yelled, grinning cheekily at her best friend. Annabeth glared at her, before huffing and sitting firmly in her sea-cabin. They were aboard the Princess Andromeda and Annabeth refused to leave her cabin, scared out of her wits. "I agree with Annie. Why did I agree to come on this boat?" Thalia said, pulling her knees up and resting her head on top of it, rocking back and forth slightly. Thalia had never liked boats, or tunnels or aeroplanes, which was slightly ironic, to the fact that her father had a branch of private jets. "Come on guys, The Princess Andromeda is the most well travelled ship in the world, it's not going to crash," Piper reasoned and Annabeth looked at her with wide eyes, before slapping Piper behind the head. "Yeah, well the Titanic was a well travelled ship, and what happened to that? It hit an iceberg and crashed!" Annabeth said, starting to hyperventilate. "You guys need to chill, come one, please! They have a Juice bar on the Sky Deck!" Piper said pleading, and Annabeth shook her head firmly. Thalia sighed, before grabbing her iPod and headphones, standing next to Piper in her little black cover-up which hid her midnight blue swimsuit. "It's eight o'clock guys, wouldn't it be closed?" She said, looking out at the night sky from their porthole. Thalia rolled her eyes, before responding. "Come on Annie, let's get it over with," She said, and Annabeth groaned, before grabbing her large, Pride and Prejudice book, and glaring at Piper and Thalia, who just dragged her to the Sky Deck. It was a beautiful ship, and it wasn't that crowded as the ship was so huge. On the Sky Deck, Annabeth sat at the Juice Bar, and watched as Piper and Thalia's brother, Jason, were obviously flirting like there was no tomorrow. Reyna was behind them, rolling her eyes, and holding her boyfriend's, Leo, hand. Annabeth sighed, before taking her bookmark out, and beginning to read where she left off. Darcy had just met Elizabeth, and she couldn't help but fall in love with Darcy, even though he was egotistic and too proud for his own good. She loved the fact that Elizabeth would speak her mind to him, even though the time period they were in it was unrealistic. She was halfway through the book, when she felt a presence sitting next to her. Looking up, she saw as someone, who looked as if he was her age, sat down next to her, smiling softly. "Hi," He said, and Annabeth rolled her eyes, before looking at him with an eyebrow raised. "Hi," She repeated, placing a book marker into her tattered copy, and placing the book on the counter in front of her. Annabeth took in the time to take the stranger in. He had dark midnight hair that hung over his eyes slightly, and a strong chiselled jaw-line with strong, sharp features. His eyes were a strange colour, they looked like blue from one angle, but at the next they looked like a dark green. In fact, Annabeth swore that they looked like a sea-green, which was strange considering the sea looked majority blue, like his eyes were swirling between the two colours in waves. But those eyes seemed so... familiar. A nagging feeling at the back of her mind told her to listen to this instinct, but the more logical told her that that was stupid. She had never met this person before. I so would have remembered... A part of her thought wistfully, and Annabeth tensed up slightly, although the guy didn't notice. Annabeth did not act like a girly-girl. She was far from it, she was a bookworm, and a warrior when it came to swordplay and fencing. "So, what are you doing on board of the Princess?" Juice Boy, that's what Annabeth had nicknamed him until she got his name, asked, and Annabeth smirked slightly, before placing her book back on her lap. "Oh, I'm going to Greece for my birthday," She said, albeit half-heartedly. She couldn't believe that in four weeks she would be twenty, it was weird, one minute she was a teenager, and then the next she wouldn't. She also couldn't believe that her friends had actually gotten her to go to her favourite place in the entire world. That obviously made the trip a bit more exciting for Annabeth. "Cool, my birthday was a couple weeks ago, loved every second of it though," He winked at her, and Annabeth blushed, before she mentally scolded herself. "So, what's your name-"Annabeth was about to ask, when she felt her centre gravity give way. She fell towards Juice Boy, and he caught her steadily, only for him to grip the counter of the juice bar tightly, as to not fall himself. They looked up, with him holding Annabeth's waist securely. It was only then that Annabeth realised what had caused her to collide with him. "Oh gods, the ship... It's tilting!" She shrieked, especially when she saw that some of the sky deck's chairs were rolling across the deck towards the end, and flying off into the sea. They would be somewhere in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, and it was already bloody freezing without the cold water for a midnight swim. Fear bubbled inside her, and she felt Juice Boy "Attention passengers. Please make way towards the Safety Boats, grab essentials and make an orderly fashioned towards the Sky Deck where the Safety Boats are contained. Members of Crew are there to help everyone on the boats," A voice said over the tannoy. Relief filled Annabeth, and Juice Boy helped her move towards the stairs were the cabins were located. People were already running out, pushing past them. Juice Boy was gripping Annabeth's hand tightly, and Annabeth was barging past people, using her thick book, which was coincidently a good weapon, to get past. It wasn't until they reached Annabeth's cabin that she saw Piper and Thalia, and let a breath she didn't realise she was holding, come out of her mouth. "Gods Piper, I told you!" Annabeth said, pointing her finger at Piper. "It's the Titanic all over again!" Piper rolled her eyes, but fear was still present in them. Breathing in, Annabeth realised that she had to take the rains. Jason was behind them, whispering something to Thalia before she went towards their cabin. "Okay, let's grab our some essentials and go!" She said, and Thalia nodded, before opening their cabin door. "Pipes, be careful," Jason said quickly, and Piper nodded. In a swift movement, he kissed the top of her head, before going into his own cabin where Leo and Reyna were probably hyperventilating, or in Reyna's case, figuring out a plan of action. Leo would do all the hyperventilating by himself. "Percy?!" Thalia asked, looking towards Juice Boy. He looked shocked at first, before pulling Thalia into an embrace. "Thalia! What are you doing here?" Juice Boy, Percy, asked. "Well, me, Piper and Annie were going to Greece," She replied, and Percy mentally remembered the name Annie; he had met Piper before, and so the Bookworm girl must have been Annie. Annabeth raised an eyebrow at the two of them, surprised that they were catching up right when they were in the middle of a sinking ship! "Seriously, come on! The ship in sinking!" Annabeth said, pointing to the water that was rising every second. Percy realised this, before he ran to the cabin across them, to which coincidently happened to be his. Annabeth pulled the still stunned Thalia into the cabin, helping her back all the things she couldn't part with. In Annabeth's carry on, which happened to be her large, shoulder bag, she had stuffed the first things that her hands could grab. Pieces of clothes and blankets, and her classic book collections, she would never let those sink. She grabbed her phone and it's charger as well, and looked and saw that Piper and Thalia were doing the same. "How did you know Juice- erm...Percy?" Annabeth said, almost saying the nickname she gave him. Thalia looked at her a little weird, before she replied. "He's my cousin, you know, I told you I've only got two, Nico and Percy. He lives in New York, while Nico lives in LA," Thalia explained, and Annabeth eyes widened a fraction, realising this was the infamous Percy she had heard about from Thalia so much. A knock on the door snapped them back to where they were exactly. On a freaking sinking ship! Piper squealed, as her light blue sneakers came into contact with the chilly water that was slowly eating up the soft carpet of the sea-cabin. They each shared a look, before opening the door revealing Jason and Percy, who seemed to be looking worried. Jason motioned that Reyna