So this is a new story. YAY! I've had it in my head for a while, and it wouldn't go away until I uploaded it! It's basically about how Annabeth Chase, an ordinary seventeen year old girl, and accidently switches her cell phone with Percy Jackson, heartthrob and lead singer of The Demigods. It is a completely different plot than Hidden Beneath, the only thing in common is that one person in the pair is famous. This story will include Percabeth, yet it may have subtle hints of Thalico and Jasper, maybe even a bit of Leyna, who know? ;) And well, I hope you enjoy it! -LiveLaughLoveTogether13 The Cell Phone Swap by LiveLaughLoveTogether13 " All I need to learn, is how to dance in the rain," -Unknown Chapter One – The Bump In With Mr. Smirk "Taylor Lautner has been given the part to play the lead role, in the new coming-of-age romance film, The Love Games, " The presenter said. Her voice was perky, and all Annabeth Chase could think was that no-one in their right mind would be perky and happy this early. She yawned loudly, barely noticing Holly, her half-brother's nanny, saying goodbye and taking her younger brothers to school. She sighed through her mouth, before twisting her unruly blonde hair into a simple braid, her stormy-grey eyes dropping slightly. It was much more practical, as it did not become a nuisance as it did when it was let down. "In other news, The Demigods have announced that they are taking a break after their yearlong tour, and although they say they're going to relax, rumors of a new album are spreading like wildfire," A picture of the four adolescents that were The Demigods came on. To the left was Leo Valdez, the joker and drummer of the band. He was Latino descendent, and always had a mischievous grin on his face. He had a scrawled head of curly, dark brown hair, and tanned skin with slight freckled spread across his nose. It was no secret that everyone knew about his love of fixing things, and though he loved to crack awful jokes, he was considered shy and was to some extent, socially awkward. Next to him was Jason Grace, the 'Daddy' of the group. He seemed to be the responsible one, and despite what other people would say, Annabeth actually knew him. He was her best friend, Thalia's older brother. Despite how his younger sister looked, he was the typical All-American-Boy, with cropped short, blond hair, and sky blue eyes. He adored playing piano, and was soon discovered by a local talent scout that introduced him to the band. He played keyboard. To the furthest right was Nico Di' Angelo, and he was the ' Bad Boy' of the group. He was born in Illinois, America, when he moved to his father's hometown in Venice, Italy. When he was fourteen he moved back to America with his family, along with his younger sister Bianca. True to his Italian roots, he had copper skin, and dark opaque eyes. His pitch-black hair always seemed to hang over his eyes, and he walked around with his hands in his pockets. Most normal people (ahem, Annabeth, ahem) would class him as emo or Goth, but obviously people thought he was perfect. He joined the band after he auditioned for the part as the lead guitarist. And smack bang in the middle, was no other than Percy Jackson, the heartthrob of the group. Percy Jackson was a New Yorker, and had grew up in the suburbs, he was the last of the group to join, and was the leading man, and singer of the group. He was slightly oblivious to the world around him, and kept him main focus on his career, the only thing that Annabeth respected about him. His jet-black hair that was always styled messily to the side and his entrancing sea-green eyes instantly made him Hollywood's Golden Boy. Annabeth instantly switched the T.V off. Honestly, she didn't understand how people liked The Demigods. Their lyrics were too much based on what the public wanted, and it didn't really scream to Annabeth what life was about. It wasn't that she disliked them personally, she was sure that they were great people. It's just that their music didn't speak to her. She much more preferred listening to Mariana's Trench, or Ed Sheeren. And to put it bluntly, she strongly disliked the lead singer, Percy Jackson. He seemed much too arrogant for his own good, and much too oblivious. Those mixed together always equaled something that Annabeth wanted to keep out of. Of course, Hollywood, and probably the whole world, had declared him to be their new Golden Boy, with all the new movies he's doing, along with his tour, he seemed to be taking on too much, too soon. Annabeth's eyes quickly flicked around the kitchen island, where she sat eating her, now soggy, bowl of cereal. Her eyes trailed on the clock, which was ticking at an annoying rate. It was much later that her mind reacted to what she saw, and she shot up from her chair, and shoved the remains of her breakfast into the dishwasher. She grabbed her tattered backpack, and quickly thrust in her school planner and notebook. She picked up her songbook, and exited the house in a matter of minutes. I'm late, I'm late! She thought, as her feet pounded on the pavements. Annabeth was frantically running through the crowded streets of New York. Her nimble fingers clung to her backpack hooks, and she clutched her songbook to her chest. Her car had decided that today would be the day it would stop working. So here she was, running through New York at Olympic speed. Seriously, Mo Farah would be jealous. Annabeth breathed a sigh of relief, as she saw the shadows of her school. Goode High was a cliché school, the inhabitants breaking off into the stereotypical groups. There were the Jocks, the Popular, the Geeks, and all those people in between. Annabeth checked the time on her wrist watch, the time bearing down on her. She had about thirteen minutes before the first bell rang, she could make it. Just then her phone started to ring Adele's 'Rumor Has It'. Annabeth fumbled with the lock slightly, before she answered the call. "Annabeth where are you?" The sound of one of Annabeth's best friend's voice soothed her, making her slow down slightly. "I woke up late, and then my car thought it would be funny to break down today as well," She seethed, her frustration seeping through her voice. She was beyond pissed, as she weaved through the inhabitants of New York. "Well, Brunner actually came early, what are you going to do?" Annabeth could feel the irritation leak into her. She rubbed her face with her free hands, a sigh escaping her mouth. "This just isn't my day is it Pipes?" Annabeth didn't wait for Piper to reply before she spoke again. "Try and distract him, I'll be there soon," Annabeth ended the call before Piper could reply. She made a mental note to apologies for the way she was speaking to her, but frankly she wasn't in the right sense of mind. Annabeth sped up, slipping her phone into her back pocket. Goode High was just in reach when… CRASH Annabeth was knocked down to the floor, her notebooks and homework assignments flying out of her bag, and over the floor. She could feel that her phone wasn't in her pocket anymore, and Annabeth couldn't help but let the frustrated groan out of her mouth. She could see that the person she bumped into had scattered music sheets and papers around Annabeth's assignments. She sighed, before picking up some of some of the papers. Two phones where lying next to each other, opposite where Annabeth's songwriting book was. She looked up and met the person who bumped into her, her eyes narrowing when she saw someone who looked around her age. He had ruggedly jet-black hair and entrancing sea-green eyes that seemed to pierce her stormy-grey eyes. His lips lifted into a lazy smirk, making Annabeth glare even more. There was something about him that was familiar, yet she could not recall where she had seen him from. Perhaps he was someone from school, but she immediately dismissed that thought. If he was a student at Goode High, he would be in lesson, or maybe he was ditching. The idea seemed quite comical actually, although Annabeth had not missed a single day of school. Her future on being an architect was dependent on how serious she took her studies. Despite her severe dyslexia and ADHD, she somehow manages to scrape high enough grades that would allow her into a good college and University. This was, however her Plan B. Her ultimate goal would be to purse her dream of songwriting, a scholarship to Julliard was the best shot she had at that. Before she could even open her mouth, Mr. Smirk spoke. "You should watch where you're going, don't want to ruin that pretty little face," He said, his voice full of charm and edginess. Of course this didn't affect Annabeth, or so she made herself believe. "And maybe you should watch were your going, don't want to ruin that already hideous face even more," She retorted, before gathering all her papers and notebook, and picking up one of the Smartphone. Some of her blonde hair was escaping her braid, and she had an aggravated look on her face. "You know if you keep making your face look like that, one day it might not move," Mr. Smirk said, his face stretching out in a lopsided grin. He looked Annabeth over, much to her dismay. "Look, a simple sorry would be suffice," She said, her eyes narrowing. "Sorry? You're the one who bumped into me," He argued, before he helped pick some of Annabeth's papers that she failed to spot. "No, you where the one who wasn't looking," She said deadpanned. He seemed to get angry at that. " I wasn't looking? You weren't looking!" He retorted, before angrily picking up some of his papers. He accidently picked up Annabeth's songbook, and before she could stop him, he flickered through some pages. "So, Annabeth Chase?" He said, reading the name off the front page of the book. Annabeth glared at him, waiting patiently for her book. "Yeah, and right now I really would like my book back," She said coldly, until she felt the leather-bound cover of her songbook. She sighed in relief. "You're really good," He said suddenly, and Annabeth couldn't help but feel the warmth spread through her face. Okay, one minute he's all cocky, and the next he's pretty sweet, I'll play along, Annabeth thought. "Thanks," She murmured embarrassed, she wasn't use to compliments. Not many people knew that she wrote songs, and even then she was the only one who looked through them and actually read them. He smiled slightly, not a full on smirk, but not a smile either. She looked at her watch, seeing that she had only three minutes left before the first bell. She quickly grabbed her things, before turning her back on Mr. Smirk. She was almost at Goode High, when she turned around and looked at him. Tilting her head to the side, she opened her to speak. "I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name," She said. "Percy, just Percy," He said, a loop-side smile on his face. The name sounded familiar, yet Annabeth couldn't remember where from. Before she could question, she heard the bell ring from inside Goode High. Annabeth smiled at him slightly, before rushing through the gates of Goode High. Annabeth sighed, as she saw the familiar faces of her best friends in the entire world, Piper and Thalia. Thalia and Piper had been Annabeth's best friends since she moved to New York from