A new story, just for all of you guys! Love you, and hope you like my new book! Disclaimer: I do not, and will never own, Percy Jackson, because I do not have the amazing creative skills as Rick does. "There I was again tonight, Forcing laughter, faking smiles, Same old tired lonely place," -Enchanted, Taylor Swift All's fair In Love and War Prologue: Goodbye San Francisco, Hello New York "I'm sorry, Professor Chase, but Annabeth is expelled from this school," Headmistress Channing said. Annabeth Chase was sitting in the headmistress's office. The place seemed like a second home to Annabeth, since she was always around there. Her father was next to her, furiously trying to negotiate a deal for Annabeth to stay. Annabeth crossed her slender legs across her knees, observing the office, for what seemed like the last time. It was painted a deep violet color, covering all sections of the walls. Behind Headmistress Channing, were framed certificates of 'Best School' or 'The Finest Head teacher', and were polished squeaky clean. The mahogany desk was spiff and spank, and hardly had a speck of dust anywhere. All the paperwork was in one neat pile, while pictures of Headmistress's cats were there, framed for everyone to see. Around the walls on each side of the desk, there were two Oakwood bookcases, filled with different books, and Annabeth practically knew that Headmistress Channing never even touched them, that they were all for show. There was a small window above the each bookcases, and they were both opened, letting fresh air into the, what Annabeth believed, was a stuffy room. Annabeth rolled her eyes, before examining her chipped black nails, with no interest what was going on. She was what you call, a typical bad girl. She wore black skinny jeans, with a white Beatles tank top, and a studded leather ankle boots. Her leather jacket hung over her chair as she twiddled with her silver charm bracelet that her mother gave her. All the charms were owl-based, something her and her mother both agreed on. Her farther, Professor Fredrick Chase, had finally given up, realizing that Headmistress Channing would not change her mind. Annabeth was fine with that; Yancy Academy was a crap as it was anyway. He sighed, and walked out to the car, Annabeth in tow. The car ride was completely silent, the awkward silence filled with Annabeth tapping her hand against the car window. Damn ADHD, she thought, as she felt her father's glare from the side. He turned her head back to the road, and Annabeth knew that this was the one time she would get to actually examine him. Fredrick Chase was, what most people called, a handsome man. His blond hair was cropped short and neatly trimmed, yet Annabeth could still see the slight stubble on her father's chin. He looked paler than when she was him this morning, and his blue eyes were concentrating on the road. Annabeth sighed, not looking at her father anymore; she busied herself with thoughts of her Mother. Old memories were filling her head, a time where someone would hug her in the morning, and kiss the nightmares away. She quickly dismissed the thoughts, knowing she would burst into tears at any moment. Annabeth's mother died when she was six, and so she could hardly remember her. Things got better when her dad found Marie, and then she was blessed with her beautiful baby brothers. Annabeth sighed, getting bored already. She continued to tap the armrest that was underneath the window seat just because she knew she was annoying him, but it wasn't her fault. Besides, he's hardly even realized she was alive when he was called in to pick Annabeth up for expulsion. Not when she was awarded the certificate for her essay on Greek Mythology, or when she became the head of the student council, heck, not even when she was awarded a medal by the Mayor of San Francisco for saving a freaking baby. No, he only recognized her when she was in trouble. Once they arrived at Annabeth's house, ahem, mansion, the speech started. Her house was what every teenage girl wants. It was a large seven bedroom house, with three bathrooms, and a back garden and pool. Annabeth spent most of her time in the back garden, reading or plotting pranks in her ultimate prank book. She also helped her step-mom in the garden, planting thousands upon thousands of flowers and plants, so much Annabeth didn't even know the names of them. At the back of the garden, there was an old Oak tree, and tied around the highest branch was a small rope, connected to a tire swing. There were small leaves scattered around the stone pavement that were being blown away by the wind, as she followed her dad down towards the inside of the house. "How dare you stuff bacon down that girl's bra?" Professor Chase said, yelling at his only daughter. Annabeth's face was emotionless, knowing that even the smallest amount of emotion showed how weak you were. She knew that she would end up laughing, so she kept her mouth shut. Bobby and Malcolm, Annabeth's half-brothers, snickered at the word their father used. While her father turned his back to her, Annabeth turned to her brothers, pulling silly faces at them, making them trying to hold the laughter down. Bobby and Malcolm were twins, and at the tender age of six, they had already well on their way to being pretty smart kids. She ruffled their hair affectionately, before tuning back into what her father was saying. Annabeth opened her mouth to say something, but her father cut her off. "Not another word Annabeth Isabelle Chase. That was the fifth school in an entire year you've been kicked out of. Fifth!" He exclaimed, pacing back and forth. Annabeth again opened her mouth to retaliate, but her father, again cut her off. "What kind of example are you setting to your younger brothers eh? This behavior of yours is unacceptable," Annabeth had to literally bit her tongue from not speaking. She knew that if she bit any harder; than it would cause her too actually tear the skin of her tongue. "That's why I'm sending you to New York, and you will be attending a boarding school, as of Monday," He said, finishing with a grand gesture. Whatever trance Annabeth was in before, she was quickly snapped out of it. "You can't do that!" She exclaimed, absolutely livid. How dare he even think that? It wasn't that he even cared about her! How dare he take her away from her family? She had lived in San Francisco her entire life, she wasn't about to get up and move. San Fran was her home. "No excuse, starting Monday," He said sternly, storming away to his study. Annabeth sighed, before slumping into a nearby seat. Her two younger brothers both walked over to her, hugging her around her waist. They were only six, but they were way too clever for their own good. "Don't leave Annie," Malcolm whimpered. "Who's going to play pranks with us?" Bobby whined. Annabeth giggled at her younger brothers behavior, trust them to be sad that she was leaving, not because she was their sister, but because she was their fellow pranker. She sighed, before disheveling both their blond hair. They quickly dodged, trying to escape her tickled fest, but were no match for Annabeth's swift and nimble body. Marie Chase was watching the whole scene from the kitchen. Marie was a beautiful woman, with light caramel hair that was always in a messy bun, and warm, motherly green eyes. She wiped her hand on her apron, before ordering the twins to their room. Malcolm and Bobby looked at Annabeth with pleading eyes, before sighing dramatically, and running up the stairs towards their room reluctantly. "He's just angry, besides, you might like the school. A new chance to start off on a clean slate," She offered, as she and Annabeth prepared dinner. "I know, but he didn't hear my half of the story, just automatically assumed that I was at fault," She said, peeling a potato angrily. The potato was reduced to nothing as she continued to peel it, even after there was hardly any skin on it. "Okay, but what happened?" Marie asked, stirring the soup in the pan. "This girl called Nancy poured a jug of water on Drew," Annabeth said, turning to cutting the vegetables quite… forcibly. Marie raised an eyebrow, a frown etched on her face. She blew a strand of caramel hair that fell in front of her eyes. Drew was like a daughter to Marie, she practically loved her like her own. Telling Annabeth off wouldn't work now, especially since it was, to some extent, a valid reason. "Well, I admit that bacon was very original, but if you want to make a statement, maybe you should… I don't know, fight fire with fire?" Marie asked, smirking slightly. Annabeth giggled, before realizing that she probably wouldn't see Marie a lot after she leaves. She sighed deeply, before turning to Marie and giving her a huge hug. "I'm gonna miss you," She murmured, her blonde curls flying all around the place. Marie matted her curls down, laying her head on top of Annabeth's. "How about I talk to your dad, huh? Ask him if he'll rethink the decision?" Marie said, smiling at her step-daughter. Annabeth's face lit up with hope, wondering if Marie could actually change her father's mind. "Besides, no-one can say no to my famous cheesecake, huh?" She giggled, and Annabeth chuckled, before letting a small smile flitter across her face. "Come on, let's go call the boys to dinner," Marie said, giggling softly, before calling the boys downstairs. - -OoooOoooOooo- - "Your dad's making you go where ?" Drew shrieked, her eyes widening. Drew Chang was a beautiful girl, her Asian looks inherited from her father. She had big, hazel doe eye, and soft chocolate skin, that made her look like an Egyptian Goddess. Her high slender cheekbones were adorned with a small natural rosy blush, and her slightly upturned nose was pierced with a diamond stood that was, of course, prohibited from school. Like Drew even cared about school rules. They were sitting at Starbucks, when Annabeth spit out the truth, she was moving away on Monday. Not even Marie's famous cheesecake could stir her father's mind. Annabeth sighed, before swirling her chocolate mocha latté. She hated coffee, preferring sweet things instead. "Adeline's Academy for Extraordinary Young Women," Annabeth grumbled, slurping her chocolaty goodness. They were sitting with their small group of friends, it consist of; Lacey and Matthew, the twins, and Austin, Drew's boyfriend. Lacey was the bubbly girl, wearing a baby pink woolly jumper, and skinny jeans. Her blonde hair was curled to perfection, sitting on her shoulders flawlessly. Her nails were painted hot pink, not even one single nail chewed or chipped. Her mouth was filled with metallic braces that were bright pink. She was constantly squealing and was on her phone, but she was amazingly sweet, and always there when needed. Matthew, her twin brother, was the complete opposite. His blond hair was swept effortlessly to the side, and his baby blue eyes shone with mischief. He wore a simple white muscle shirt, flouncing every single one of his muscles, making girls swoon whenever he was around. Annabeth rolled her eyes. He grinned cheekily at her, before she went on to observe Austin. He was what you called a more, subtle beauty. Moving her from Dallas, he had that strong country accent that roped any girl in straight away. His dirty blond hair was put to the side messily, like he just got out of bed. His emerald eyes sparkled every time he looked at Drew, and he was obviously the guy every girl wanted. Too bad the girl he wanted was Drew. And