kudos to you if you know who the person in the picture is; prompt; "welcome to the inner workings of my mind; so dark and foul i can't disguise" (thank you to amelia for beta-reading this mess!) changing of the seasons clovecentric, slight clovecato . Clove is born in the midst of winter — It's a hard, difficult birth, and when her eyes first open, she receives the snarling look from her mother who looks at her with something akin to disappointment — she's a girl, Mason, nothing more than a girl — and even though Clove's barely a few minutes old, her parents look at her as though she's their biggest disappointment and give her the name of their second choice. (They name her Clove and lie, saying she'll grow up to be great, someday.) . Is Daddy coming home today? Clove asks, hopping off the steel counter — it's been five years, and nothing but the same look of regret in her mother's muddled eyes. You said that he would back from the Capitol, today. What's taking him so long? She traces her fingers along a blank sheet of paper, a luxury in a town like this, wiping her hands which drip with dewdrops and rainwater from playing outside, messy smile with chocolate crumbs falling down her rosy red cheeks, baby fat still clinging on at the age of five. Her mother takes in a sigh and puts down the dishes, placing them gently into the sink, as though everything these days is fragile enough to break with a tight grasp. Clove, darling, you know that President Snow is a busy man; he can't just change his schedule for people like us. Your father will try to come home today, but anyway, it's not important that he comes now, it's important that he gets the deal. It'll secure our place in society, she says and then adds underneath her breath, like you would understand this. But it's my birthday, Clove points out. It's my sixth birthday tonight and Daddy promised that he would be home today; there's a ring of the doorbell just then and she hops off the stool, tip-toe feet pattering across the hardwood mahogany floors, and she launches herself into her father's arms who smells vaguely of red wine and scented jasmine. Daddy, why do you smell like that? It's not her mother's perfume, she knows that much; her mother smells like a combination of roses and lilies, hand-picked flowers from the family garden. Her mother walks into the room, hands placed in the pockets of the apron, blonde hair falling slightly out of an otherwise perfect bun, stains of gray falling off on the sides; Clove, darling, why don't you go upstairs to your room? It's my birthday, mom. All the other children have their parents celebrate for their birthdays — they say it's just another year until they can have the glory of winning the Games, but I mean, it's not like that for me, but I'd still like to have my dad home for my birthday, she murmurs; a crayon snaps and Clove, with guilt, hides them underneath the tablecloth and her mother distractedly wipes down the already dry counter. Her mother takes a breath, we have a surprise for you, so we need to get the present out of the new car, and wrap it with the new paper in the basement, so just go upstairs, okay? We'll call you downstairs when we're ready? Clove resists the urge to refuse the offer, instead retreating up the butterfly staircase, fingers flying across the mahogany banister, feet balancing on the edge of the carpet, into the solace of her bedroom. She slides down against the floor, and that's when the yells from downstairs start - she grips onto her stuffed panda, nails digging into the animal's eyes, anything to keep her from falling off the edge - and there's the eventual, anticipated bang of the door, and Clove walks out of the room, eyes hesitant. Mommy? She murmurs, walking down the staircase; Clove nearly trips on the last step, but her mother advances forward, Clove walking back up the butterfly staircase that used to be beautiful. What do you want, you ungrateful little mistake? She spits out, eyes blazing with uncontrollable fire, it's your fault for this, you know. It's always been your fault, she continues, and Clove backs up against the peeling walls in response; her mother retreats back to the master bedroom, and Clove hears the collapse upon the expensive mattress and then a series of heaving sobs. . Clove steps hesitantly into the house, and imagines the staircase crumpling under her feet into ashes, ashes flapping away into the creation of heavily ascent; her father walks into the room, with an expression of undistilled anger and a bottle of bourbon clenched within his pallid fingers; his face is pale and red veins bulge out of his eyes, as if he's been infected. Her father leans against the wall, and Clove backs up as though the action is almost in instinct; there's a few moments of silence in between where Clove just wonders how everything had escalated so quickly, because one moment, her father had been the same, somehow distinct paternal figure that drifted here and there, three-piece suit always donned and he smelled like lotion from a Capitol ad; when he was younger, he used to cut her bananas even though her mother told him to let her grow up, and it was like a little secret between two of them. She stares into the foul workings of his inner mind, and it's almost as though for a moment, Clove can see the clockwork functions of his brain, twisting into place as though he recognizes the girl before him (his own daughter, no less), and then winding a bit too far, all the different handmade pieces of the clock exploding into a cacophonous symphony of dissonant screams. Clove doesn't scream when he roughly handles her neck, when he slams her into the wall, blindly yelling that this is all her fault, she's the one who ruined his whole life - he had a whole future before she was born, before her older brother was born (but then he died before the age of four) - and now everything was all ruined. She cringes as her body is thrown against the rough surface of the floor, a surface completely different from the glossy linoleum floors that she had once seen in a Capitol advertisement, but life wasn't as glamorous as that; in response, Clove bites her lip, watching the blood drop out of her head, and after a few more punches, her father collapses upon the floor, heavy sobs wracking his body and she almost feels bad for him, because despite everything, he's still her father and she's still 'daddy's-little-girl' except not quite. She stands up slowly, disproportionately large feet to her small frame standing up and applying slight pressure upon the caved-in hardwood flooring, and grabs a stray cloth from the kitchen, wrapping it tightly around the blood that drips from her head and wonders where her mother was now. She really could have used her mother at a time like this. Clove hears the ring of a doorbell and runs up the butterfly staircase from the back entrance, peering from the top floor into the open door that leads onto the scene of her father's body, lying on the floor, drunken; the Peacekeepers (she assumes that they're census officials, sending around the yearly forms for the Reaping) look at each other, conflicted for a moment before walking up the staircase, and Clove realizes what's going to happen — they're going to find her, and they're going to assume that she did this to her father, because in a world like District Two, the older man with more respect built up around town, larger amounts of money, will always be held as the victor. So, she does the inevitable — Run. Clove bursts out the back door, ignoring the alarm that's formed by the security system because she knows that the Peacekeepers are right behind her and it's not as though she can run from District Two or ensconce herself in the perimeter of the woods, but there has to be something she can do because Clove can see her life falling down the drain before her eyes, so with a heavy heart, her legs keep on pushing her forward; it feels as though there's a pounding in her brain, and her eyes flutter closed now and then. She trips over a branch, legs sprawled out in front of her, her ankle feeling something akin to broken, and she quickly tries to get up, supporting herself on the side of a broken road on the outskirts of town, winding path. The Peacekeepers are only coming closer and closer, and out of the corner of her eye, Clove spots a familiar looking blonde boy (he's Cato Ludwig, of course, golden boy - sweet, nice kid who'll probably never amount to anything victorious) who stares at her as though she's lost and maybe lost is exactly what she needs. The Peacekeepers run up to them, hands in their pockets, clutching onto some sort of weapon that's in their pockets, expressions concealed underneath large gas masks, as if District Two's poverty is a disease they can catch. Boy, did you see where the criminal went? I think that she went that way, he says calmly, motioning towards the directions of the far-off woods; Clove swallows a gulp and nods at him ever so slightly before taking off into the opposite direction, feet pounding and her ankle only twisting even worse, but she makes it the outskirts of town, to the riverbed underneath the swaying willow trees and falls into the tranquil ripples of the ice, breaking into freezing water and the pain stings for moments before the inevitable rushing cool. Clove stays for the night underneath the tree, ensconced under layers of cold snow, pallid face and numb toes and hands, but they're only extremities, of course, and sees the torch of a lamplight in the distance, and presses snow to the bruises and scabs. (And every fire is a lesson learned.) . I want to train for the Games, she tells nobody. Clove takes the initiative (because it's not like there's anybody left anymore to do this for her) to walk over to the training center at the Academy in the middle of town, a light green tank top that fits lightly across her slender frame, chocolate hair with lighter highlights strung up in a thick ponytail, and baggy black-and-white shorts which hang off her thighs, all bones and barely any muscle left from the years of oblivious fathers and a string of reusable step-mothers, who were more like Kleenex than anything else — stay with them for a few months or so, and then throw them in the garbage can — who couldn't care less about their newest problem step-child. The woman at the front counter looks at her as though she's nothing, just a mere nuisance but sends her off to one of the Level Three rooms with a bored look and a file full of papers. Girls like her aren't meant to be training for the Games - girls like her are meant to be sitting at home, learning how to cook and sew for their future husbands with their mothers, knitting socks for their fathers, but Clove doesn't have a mother and her father has other girls for that, so it's inevitable that she would up here, along with the rest of the messed-up, cynical kids who are preparing themselves for a glorious win, yet more often than not, a foolish death. She walks through the center paved path of the training room, hearing their mutters - so, unless she's good at a weapon or big for her