title: unbowed, unbroken, unbent characters: Johanna Mason, President Snow, d7-oc's. summary: Death doesn't happen to you, it happens to everyone around you. a/n: it's more of an AU backstory of johanna's character through the years, up until cf; a bit of mj foreshadowing, though. sorry it's a bit shorter than i would like; the word count is around 6-7k. the first section before the first act is a bit after ACT III but before ACT IV. warning: rated T for language and graphic violence. disclaimer: i don't own anything besides the story idea; the characters and everything else belong to Suzanne Collins. dedication: this is for callie ( franceschis ) for marchi, gge prompt: johanna, 'you gave me forever within the numbered days' (the fault in our stars, john green) (also, sorry for spag errors. rowan is a d7-oc that i just made up, and johanna's backstory wasn't given in the books at least i don't think so, so hopefully this isn't too au for her character.) here is the deepest secret nobody knows (here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud and the sky of the sky of a tree called life; which grows higher than soul can hope or mind can hide) and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart - e.e. cummings Johanna sits beneath the waves of starlight— They glisten down upon the Victor's Village; it has been four years since the revolution, and all is well. There are the scars, but the scars will never fade, and it has been twenty years since the 69th Hunger Games, and they should have healed; all the Victors alive should have healed by now, but they will never forget the blood on their hands. The Capitol has engineered their minds to remember, This is your fault, we are not to blame, you are to blame, because the Capitol is the one who has devised the Games, but the children are the ones who are cruel enough to do simply anything to survive; it's their fault, it really is their fault. They are the ones who have slayed the other children with bare hands, engraving their names upon victims with teeth, swallowing the bones of the dead, a satisfying crunch in the back of their mouth, blood splayed across hollow faces; the bones taste nothing worse than the bark on a tree; all the Tributes think that they have a chance at surviving. (Some of them throw up the bones, some of them swallow, some of them grin and dive into the meal.) "Is it okay to do something completely horrible and cruel for survival?" Rowan is a shell of the boy he used to be—Johanna would have taken the arrogant, somewhat cold-hearted boy any day over him; but he is still hers, the only person that the Capitol has no taken away (yet) and he's given her hope, no matter how false it is, and she's grateful for it. "Is it better to forget?" The man next to her is something of a Victor (survivor), a lost soul, atoms scattered throughout the starry expanse. They are all lost souls, in the end of it all. She answers him with silence. ACT I: INNOCENCE Amber Mason is composed of cruel japes and compulsive lies like any mother of District Seven. They are trained and taught to keep their children alive, not to smother their children with hugs and kisses ( liesliesLIES ) like women in the Capitol have a habit of doing. Her daughter is born during the heart of the long summer, young and childish like all children are meant to be, but children outgrow their childhood soon enough, never known the harshness of winter. Winter will come and it will be the end of it all. The seventh year of Johanna's life is one of the worst— Winter breezes into the town, whisper of destruction on its venom-filled tongues; the screams from downstairs resound, but they are not screams. They are whispers, and whispers are the worst of them all, anger barely contained for the sake of the neighbours. It's always about the neighbors, what the rest of the District will think of them (but it's more than that, it's so much more); feet move in a lethargic way down the creaking staircase in the shared apartment. The Atkinsons in the living room shut the doors closed, and Johanna peers through the window—they are a family of silver spoons and blinding smiles, blond hair and blue eyes; they are perfection. "You can't do this anymore," the words come out tired and haunting, and the sound of a door slamming, the sound of a zipper pressing against the folds of a mahogany-coloured suitcase. "You can't leave—Johanna's only seven years old, I'm bearing your child, you can't leave now. You just can't. What am I supposed to do without the money?" "You should have thought about that before you decided to send money to your sister." Johanna clutches onto the banister; there is a whisper from the wind outside, and in her mind, she knows that she should return to the cold surface of the bed, because that is for the best, but nothing is for the best: everything has consequences, in the aftermath of it all. "Money to my sister—that's what this is about?" "Hell's sake, we don't have enough money to just give it to random people, people who don't deserve our money. We should be saving our money for the future, for the future of our children." It isn't the first time that her parents were fighting; there's been days where she finds her mother's arm and leg set on fire, and takes a deep breath, runs down to the river underneath the swaying willow tree, fills up a pan of the murky liquid, and tosses it on her mother's body. "What future?" Her mother cackles. "Jo's stupid, she'll never amount to anything." Her voice turns deadly serious, for a small fraction of time, "She's my sister, Harvey. Not any random person on the street, she's my flesh and blood." Father heaves a sigh, "She's your sister, yes, but I have a brother too. I'm not sure where the hell he's ended up on, and he's my flesh and blood, but he's not my family anymore, he's not my priority. If he wanted to do well in life, then he should have studied harder." "We didn't have any opportunities!" "You're doing mighty fine, now." Father hasn't been home in a while—he's been in the Capitol, Mother's been telling her; Johanna thinks that he should go to the Capitol more often, because every time he returns, there's a sly smile imprinted upon his facial features, and he smells of jasmine and roses and happiness, and everybody deserves to be happy. Everybody. There is the creak of the stairs underneath her feet, and a pause from the kitchen—of course, they do not want the neighbours to hear their conversation; Johanna thinks that is one of the few things that her parents still both agree upon. "Through lies and trickery and deceit." "You're just the same as any one of us; you only get up in the world through that. Being a good person? That won't get you anywhere. Studying hard? This isn't the Capitol, darling." "You want your daughter to learn this from you; these are your rigid moral values that you're passing through the generations?" "You're the one who said she won't amount to anything. Goodbye, Amber." They are not heavy words, instead stated with relief. Then, the slam of a door; he doesn't bother to look up at Johanna who perches upon the staircase, eyes dark and murky and lost; the slamming of the door burns through her dark eyes like morning sunlight. There is a peal of laughs from the Atkinsons, and Johanna tries to think back to the time when the Masons were a happy family, not a rich one, but a happy one, and can't remember a single time. This is life—what you make of it. The Peacekeepers show Johanna her father on a summer's day— He is enclosed under layers of asphalt and cement; they say that it was some sort of accident, the trampling of her father's bone and the small sound of crunching (like the crunching of bones beneath teeth) from a vehicle all the way from the Capitol, and from a young age, Johanna grows to abhor the Capitol because they had made her father happy in the past, but he is dead now. He's probably happier now than he used to be, though. "There is only one God," she tells her mother, voice defiant; she isn't quite sure where all of this newfound confidence is originating from, because just last week, Johanna would have obeyed her mother and listened to her stringent commands, but now her mother walks with a certain lassitude entwined into her veins, and it's easier to take advantage of the weak. "And his name is Death, Death the only thing that we can rely upon these days." "Don't say that," her mother's voice is harsh and pinched and crude; eyes weak, surrounded by darkened circles and premature wrinkling from the wisps of smoke that surround her atmosphere. "You're just a child, Jo." Just a child; liesliesLIES. A child is a person between the stage of infancy and full growth—she has seen her father buried under layers of asphalt and cement, seen brutal deaths, said nasty words; she is not quite a child anymore. It's for the best, Johanna thinks. Children rarely survive in Panem. Summer fades, winter arrives—the cycle of seasons changes once more, never-ending. Liquor stains her sun-burned skin, freckles and scratches trailing across cheeks; Johanna Mason heads towards the lumberjack mill, the fresh scent of pine falling upon her like a blanket of comfort. She whistles a tune, a song of merriment that the rest of the children carry along; noises from inside of the mill resound, and she barges in, feeling like an outsider. Sunlight beams down upon sites of desolation—Rowan Atkinson heaves an axe over shoulders of bone and compulsive hunching, brown eyes narrowed in suspicion. "New kid, aren't you?" "We were neighbours. Johanna Mason—you knew my father." Her actual one, not the cynical replacement who spelled of jasmine and the Capitol; but he is dead: they all die in the end. It is something of reality that Johanna briefly ponders upon. Rowan gives her an easygoing smile; he is not composed of blonde hair and blue eyes like the rest of his family, a genetic defect or anomaly no doubt, but he is still one of them, nonetheless. "Horrible man, he was." "Shut up." Her hands clench into fists and she inhales the polluted smoke; her mother had told her, You need to work, we can't support ourselves with a one-paycheck family. All the children of District Seven end up at the lumberjack mill at one time or another; it's just a matter of when and why. "He was a great man." Or so she's heard. "Brought cruel and unusual punishments to a whole new level, really." Her father used to work for the Capitol—the Capitol is composed of cruel and unusual punishments, and yes, he worked for the Capitol, but he was never one of them. The level of poverty that surrounded the Masons and their threadbare clothes was enough reminder to their neighbours that nobody could truly be part of the exclusive group, something that you couldn't buy your way into; being a person in the Capitol, just to live there, it was a birthright. "Shut. Up." The words are enunciated and clear, and her hands are shaking; Backbone, Johanna reminds herself, you are stronger than this. You are a Mason, fire and stone and wood runs through your blood, and you are not a weakling. His grin turns towards a snarl, and it does not take much imagination on