title: under pressure, precious things can break characters: Annie, Roman, Mags, Finnick, President Snow, tributes, and other OC characters. summary: The sound of a world falling.-—Finnick/Annie, for Johanna. a/n: sorry for spag errors and the incredible lateness of the fic; this is rushed especially in the middle. disclaimer: i don't own anything besides the story idea; the original characters and everything else belong to Suzanne Collins. dedication: this is for juneii gge, for johanna (turtledoves) prompt: Finnick/Annie ACT I: HOLOCAUST It's just an accident. There's these series of golden gates down by District 12, past the wire barbed fences—there used to be guards there, Peacekeepers with clunky uniforms who have long deserted the post, for reasons unknown (and it's only a matter of time before the conspiracy theories turn into myths to keep children in line)—where an outsider was found. Not from District Thirteen, but a real outsider, too: it's all over the news for the first couple of days. The man, wiry in body shape, rambling off at a mile a minute, was kept in containment in the Capitol. President Snow made a broadcast on CAPITOL TV: almost the whole town had gathered in the dingy café to hear about the news right from the source. Annie first learns about at the cafe—there's this little place in District 4, nestled in between secondhand bookshops and a ballet studio, and she likes to think that it smells like home, what with the cinnamon and peppermint aftershave its residents have taken to spraying across themselves—on the first Tuesday of the month. She takes a few shifts down there, every now and then, not to pay for the rent: her father's got that covered: but just for a little extra spending money. As much as her parents like to pretend, she knows that money's tight, and a little more would always be good. Her younger brother, Roman, decides that he wants to train for the Games that day; he tells her at breakfast, wide-eyed and excited grin splayed across his face, I'm going to train for the Games today! Mum said that if I do well in the Preliminaries, she'll pay all the money necessary for me to move to the Capitol, but only if I'm good enough. Which is why I gotta be good enough. Of course, she's startled, at first, and knocks down the carton of skim milk, almost laughing, nervously. Roman, you know that you're not actually going to be training for the Games, right? You're eight years old, you have years before the Reapings even start, and why would you want to train? We're not badly off, and nobody in our family's ever gone into the Games, on purpose, at least — this is from school, isn't it? I knew that the Capitol was starting to perpetrate the educational system, but not on this level. Roman only shakes his head and laughs, I'm doing it because it's honourable. Somebody has to take on the honourable role, and I'm already eight, that's the thing; it's a bit too late to start training on a full-scale level, but it's better late than never, right? Is this about the money? Roman had overheard the parents squabbling about the school fees, and she knew that he thought it was his fault, but it wasn't, it isn't, he's eight years old, it isn't his fault. You're not going into the Games, do you hear me? I'm not going to lose you to the Games. Her voice is weaker now, because her brother looks at her as though he's somebody else. It's him, of course, not a robot, but it doesn't feel the same; something's changed. I'm going to the café, she sighs, I have a work shift, but I'll pick you up from school, okay? You don't have to , he shakes his head, turning towards the door, I'm not going to school today, anyways. I have training to do. The cafe's a small, dingy place: half the time it smells like peppermint-flavoured aftershave, and the other half, an odd combination between alcohol and cinnamon, flavours that don't mix well together. It's near the outskirts of town, a homey feeling place, and typically, there are about five people there, tops—two workers, one technician trying to install some new Capitol equipment or fixing something, a coffeehouse-squatter who spends hours pouring over lengthy classical works and obscure literature volumes, and somebody actually drinking coffee. Therefore, it's only reasonable to assume that she'd be surprised when it seemed as though half the town was packed into the café, especially on a Tuesday: a school day for the children, a work day for the adults. Hey, she pushes her way through the crowd, finally making it to behind the counter, discarding the dust that clings desperately to her garments, and putting on the off-white apron, smudged with coffee ground stains and dried blood. What's going on here? Mags, the old woman who owns the place, nods at her, shaking her head violently, It's that blasted technician's fault, that's what it is. Sure, I guess the television brings in more business, and that's great and all, but everybody's sitting 'round the television, and nobody's buying coffee. I swear to God, next time that man comes in here, I'm going to throw him out myself! But the television's been here for a few weeks, Annie ponders, scratching the dirt out of the insides of her fingernails, wondering if a week's pay will be enough to buy a clear polish. And I worked a shift here a few days back; there was barely anybody here. So, what's changed? It's that man, that's what it is, that man from the Capitol, you know, the prisoner? Annie raises an eyebrow. I can't believe that you don't know about this! Anyway, they found this man, outside of District 12, and he's a complete outsider. Not from any of the Districts; he's from this country called China, apparently. There's a whole word out there, not just Panem, and it's disrupting the dynamic of the country. President Snow's made a few public interviews about this, but everything's being kept hush-hush. The door opens again, and a figure walks towards the counter. Oh, Finnick, what are you doing here? Mags exclaims, her tone doting. Annie, of course, recognizes him—tall, athletic, bronze coloured hair and brooding sea-green eyes—mostly because of the way he constantly smells like chlorine; it throws off the dynamic of the place, to be honest. Couldn't resist hearing the news, he smiles back. Say, what's going on today; any news about that prisoner? Why does everybody know about the prisoner but me? Mags shakes her head, I've told your mother that she should buy those newspapers; her avoidance of everything Capitol related is starting to hurt her knowledge of the world around us. Technology and communication, that's what binds this country together. She's not going to buy the newspapers, especially when money's tight. Well, she should. Mags pauses, stirring the green-brown liquid, Oh, I completely forgot. Do the two of you know each other? Finnick, this is Annie: she takes up shifts here sometimes, helps me out, at low pay too. And Annie, this is Finnick: he volunteers up at the Old Age home down the street. Hello, she smiles faintly, turning her head away from him, and towards the screen. The screen fades out into black, and the chatter throughout the room diminishes to an unsteady silence that turns uncomfortable; then, the national anthem plays, just like the one in the Games, and a titter of anxiety spreads quickly. Good morning, ladies and gentleman, Panem's population, esteemed guests, and others; today, I bring you news about the man we have taken in. Mags scoffs, Taken in? Yeah right. I can't believe that they're pretending that they don't torture him; I saw this exclusive picture in the magazines a few days back; some insane news reporter from District 1 stuck into the Capitol and found the guy, battered and beaten, lying on the cobblestone streets, blood oozing out of his head, and they're just hiding it up like it's no big deal. You don't know that it's real, Annie says, but her tone is unsure. It could just be something fake, you know, drawn up. His name is Jackie Li, and he is from the Barren lands. However, he is highly ill; the Death, he reports, is a plague that has spread throughout the Barren lands, everywhere from just outside District 12 throughout the rest of the world. Panem is being protected, of course, and we will institute new safety measures to make sure that everybody is being kept safe. Panem Today, Panem Tomorrow, Panem Forever. The screen blanks out, and the room suddenly bursts into uproar; even Annie can't deny that there's something suspicious about the way President Snow speaks, as though he's hiding in a secret—then again, the President always seems like a suspicious character. Well, she nods, I guess it's safe to assume that he's actually being tortured, they put a virus in him, and if anybody in the Districts figures out the truth, then there's going to be panic in the streets, maybe even a small riot, which will be put down quickly enough, and the Capitol's afraid of that, so they're lying to cover up the truth. Annie laughs, That can't be true, though. Her smile drops, It can't be true, can it? Mags nods violently, Anything's possible these days. Thoughts of the prisoner and a potential rebellion remain in her head, muddled, for the rest of the day. The day spins away into hours of lethargic work, walking through the slums of the district, and back to the streets of mansions, a specific mansion, off-white and purple in shade, brick door, near the end of the road: it's a special delivery, apparently, to the Victor's Village. Annie's not quite sure why somebody else couldn't have delivered the package, and why somebody from the Victor's Village would want coffee grounds from a small café in the outskirts of town; all Mags had done was winked at her, and told her that she would get a higher wage the next week if she made the delivery herself. She couldn't refuse the money, of course, and Annie had always been curious about the Victor's Village—from outside the gates, it seemed like houses in the Capitol, majestic in their beauty, lush trees and five-acre lands. She peers through the hole in the door, knocking on it once more. The doorbell rings twice—the haunting melody of a mockingjay, a four-noted rhythm from one of the other districts—before somebody opens the door; a man, a smashed bottle in one hand, and thirty dollars in the other, swings up to the door, eyes hazed over, not quite coherently speaking, What'dya want? Another figure, in the background, hazy and uncertain, walks forward and Annie recognizes him as Mags' friend, Finnick. Go inside, he tells the man, maybe his father, maybe his uncle, maybe his friend. Hello, he gives her an easy-going smile. What're you doing here? Mags sent me over, she had an order from your... He's my uncle; he was in the Games, the 55th Annual Hunger Games. She stares at him with curiosity; there's something vividly different between reading about the Victors in the books they were mandated to read in school, back when she had been able to afford school and had still been in it, morbidly interested by the tales, and a firsthand account from somebody who personally knew a Victor. Are all of them like that? All the Victors? Finnick shrugs, staring through her. Everybody thinks that District Four is just like a Career district—like districts 1 and 2. Well, they're wrong about that. We have five victors in all of our history. Five victors out of countless more Games. Annie thinks of Rowan, her little brother in his wide-eyed glory and childhood dreams of winning. Being a Victor has never