This is my first ever LOTR fic, although I've been a fan since the films first came out. I only recently read the books as well, so I certainly don't claim to be all-knowledgeable about Middle-earth and the LOTR world. Anyway, I hope you enjoy this story - I know I'm enjoying writing it - and please, review :) Disclaimer: I own none of LOTR - it is entirely Tolkien's genius. And any dialogue and such from the movies are credit to P. Jackson and Co. She'd arrived late, much later than she had hoped. But the lands were overrun with darkness and death, and traveling the distance to a haven such as Rivendell was not an easy task. No matter, she had indeed arrived, and just in time. Elrond himself, and Gandalf, came to greet her at the gates. With a gesture from Elrond, a fair blonde Elf came up and took her tired horse from her, and then she followed the tall Elf lord and wizard. They briefed her on how many arrivals there had been, and informed her of the small amount of time left before the council would begin, then left her at a small chamber to clean up and get something to eat. She did so hurriedly, already ashamed at the late hour of her arrival and aware of the doubt it must cast upon her and her people. However, soon the warm Elven waters of a bath easily soothed away whatever hurry and uncertainty she had, and the delicious fresh fruits and bread in her stomach calmed her racing mind. She exited her room clean and refreshed, and quickly made her way down to the golden courtyard and the circle of chairs. Only half of the chairs were filled yet, she was pleased to see, and then she quickly took her own place amongst the seated. She sat closer to the few men that were present, and observed the others. Several Elves, a few Dwarves, a few Men, Gandalf, and a small child at his side. A child? This council was no place for children. But when she studied the boy more, she realized he wasn't a child but a young man, much smaller than he should have been. His feet were bare too, she noticed, and hairy, and the ears under his dark curls were pointed nearly like an elf's. She had heard rumor of strange folk gathering at Rivendell, but never anything about Little People. Only moments later more Elves and Dwarves had arrived to fill the chairs, and Elrond stepped into the half circle they had created. He gazed at them all, and she glanced around again, noticing only then she was the only female present - not to mention mortal as well. Her attention was quickly captured however, when Elrond began to speak. "Strangers from distant lands, friends of old. You have been summoned here to answer the threat of Mordor. Middle Earth stands on the brink of destruction, none can escape it. You will unite, or you will fall. Each race is bound to this fate, this one doom." He turned and gestured at the small man. "Bring forth the Ring, Frodo." The small man stepped forward cautiously, wide blue eyes nervously flicking from face to face. He approached the stone pedestal and carefully placed a plain gold ring in it's center. Alandria knew what it was the moment it left the small man's pocket, even more so when the dark weight seemed to press upon her. She could feel it, the power and evil of the ring, and it crushed away her will, whispering small lies of promise in her mind. But she held strong, knowing well enough to fight back the power and lies. Her attention was taken away from the object of evil when a soft murmur came from nearby. "So it is true.." A man whispered, thoughtfully watching the gold ring glimmer upon it's stand. He had long hair the red-brown color of autumn leaves, and fair blue-grey eyes that observed the Ring carefully. The small man, Frodo, sat back down with a look mixed of unease and relief, as the other man stood up. He was dressed in the garb and colors of Gondor, and began to speak, his voice full of soft wonderment. "In a dream, I saw the Eastern sky grow dark. But in the West a pale light lingered. A voice was crying, 'Doom is near at hand, Isildur's Bane is found.' " He approached the Ring, lifting his hand as if it drew him nearer. "Isildur's Bane.." He whispered, reaching his fingers to touch the object. Alandria could feel the excited darkness of the Ring as the man drew closer, and just when she thought he was going to give in and take it, Elrond stood up swiftly. "Boromir!" He shouted the man's name, causing him to jump, when at the same time darkness covered everything and harsh, black words of Mordor thundered around the Council. Clouds covered the sun that had been there only seconds before, and the ground seemed to shake with the unwanted evil of such speech. Gandalf had stood, and was speaking the dark tongue almost as if scolding Boromir, who was glancing around in awed panic and retreating back to his seat. The Elves, Dwarves, and Men beside Alandria looked around in fear and dread, while Elrond held his head in his hand as if the words pained him. The words ceased and just as quickly the sun shined golden upon them again, and Boromir glanced around shakily. "Never before has any voice uttered the words of that tongue here, in Imladris." Elrond muttered, glancing at Gandalf in disapproval. "I do not ask for pardon, Master Elrond, for the Black Speech of Mordor may yet be heard in every corner of the West!" The old Wizard faced Boromir, features hard. "The Ring is altogether evil." Boromir shook his head slightly, focus already turned back to the Ring on it's cement throne. "Ah, it is a gift! A gift to the foes of Mordor!" He stood to pace excitedly, trying to convince the beings around him. "Why not use this Ring? Long has my father, the Steward of Gondor, kept the forces of Mordor at bay. By the blood of our people are your lands kept safe! Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy. Let us use it against him!" "You cannot wield it - none of us can." A different man spoke out, this one handsome, of dark hair and light eyes, clad in the grey-blue cloth of the Elves. "The One Ring answers to Sauron alone, it has no other master." "And what would a Ranger know of this matter?" The Gondorian challenged. A fair blonde Elf stood up, dark blue eyes hard and focused on the autumn-haired man. "This is no mere Ranger. He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance." Boromir turned back to face the still-seated Aragorn, disbelief and faint amusement on his rugged features. "Aragorn? This..is Isildur's heir?" "And heir to the throne of Gondor." The Elf snapped, receiving a glare from the man, and a quick word in elvish from Aragorn, whom appeared tired. Boromir stared hard at Aragorn, then the same at the out-spoken Elf. "Gondor has no king." He spat. "Gondor needs no king." He turned and seated himself again, glaring at the dark-haired heir of his country. Gandalf spoke, seemingly tired of the men's argument and Boromir's outbursts. "Aragorn is right, we cannot use it." "You have only one choice." Elrond attempted to take control again, eyeing every seated member carefully. "The Ring must be destroyed." Silence answered the Elf Lord's words, as the present members of the Council glanced at each other uneasily. "Then what are we waiting for?" A stout Dwarf finally demanded, jumping up and striding quickly towards the Ring, bringing his axe down upon it. With an explosive crack that flung the Dwarf backwards, the Ring deflected the blow of the axe, splitting it apart. The Dwarf stared up from the ground in surprise, but Elrond seemed unmoved. "The Ring cannot be destroyed, Gimli, son of Glòin, by any craft that we here posses. The Ring was made in the fires of Mount Doom, only there can it be unmade. The Ring must be taken deep into Mordor and cast back into the fiery chasm from whence it came. One of you must do this." The powerful Elf observed the Coucil members surrounding him, waiting for someone to step up to the seemingly impossible task he had presented. No one hardly dared breathe. "One does not simply walk into Mordor." Boromir of Gondor spoke once again, now appearing tired. "It's black gates are guarded by more than just Orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep - the Great Eye is ever watchful. It is a barren wasteland riddled with fire, ash and dust. The very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with ten thousand men could you do this. It is folly." He shook his head in despair. "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond has said?" The blonde Elf, Legolas Aragorn called him, challenged the man again. "The Ring must be destroyed!" "And I suppose you think you're the one to do it?" Gimli growled, eyeing the Elf with distrust. "And if we fail, what then?" Boromir cried in desperation, standing once again. "What happens when Sauron takes back what is his?" "I will be dead before I see the Ring in the hands of an Elf!" Gimli argued again. "Never trust an Elf!" His words caused an immediate eruption of fury amongst the other Elves seated beside Legolas, and as they stood, so did Gimli's fellow Dwarves. Alandria stayed where she sat, still in silence, and watched as even Gandalf rose to join the heated debate, gesturing swiftly and speaking firmly with Boromir. The Gondorian was enraged with the events that had occurred so far and took obvious advantage of the Wizard arguing with him, his features furious and movements harsh. Only Aragorn, Elrond, the little Frodo, and herself still sat. Alandria watched the little man curiously, confused as to why such a small being had been the bearer of such immense evil. Even now the boy was staring at the Ring, his cheerful features strained and uncomfortable. He shifted, wide blue eyes never leaving the gold shine of the Ring, until finally he looked up at the roaring Council. "I will take it!" He shouted, and Alandria leaned forward in surprise, a soft sound of disagreement escaping her throat. Aragorn glanced at her, but she did not see, and they were soon both focused on the small man that was straining to be heard. "I will take it!" He cried again, and only then did the others hear him, falling silent and staring in awe. "I will take the Ring to Mordor." Frodo glanced around nervously, their disbelieving gazes making him uneasy. "Though, I do not know the way." Gandalf nodded, as if he had expected the small man to take on this burden, and rested his hand on the little one's shoulder. "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins, as long as it is your's to bear." For the first time, Aragorn, son of Arathorn, stood. "If by my life or death I can protect you, I will." He approached the young man and knelt before him to grasp his hands. "You have my sword." Legolas stepped forward. "And you have my bow." Gimli, not to be outdone by an Elf, moved forward as well. "And my axe!" Slowly, carefully, Boromir stepped forward as well, eyeing the rest of the allied group. "You carry the fate of us all, little one. If this is indeed the will of the Council, then Gondor will see it done." He nodded and then Alandria was on her feet before she knew what she