Disclaimer: I don't own these characters. Braders101 does. Suzanne Collins owns the Hunger Games. I think. AN: Okay, so this is like a Fanfiction of a Fanfiction. The original one is called "The 38 th Annual Hunger Games", by Braders101. You should definitely check it out before you read this. This story is the Victory Tour for the winner of the 38 th Annual Hunger Games. Maddie Phelan (14), District 3 I'm no stranger to nightmares. They've plagued me since my earliest days, always managing to creep under the orphanage door and into my dreams. Sometimes vivid, sometimes vague, it made no difference. Nightmares always found me, no matter where I was. This one was no different. Vivid this time. I'm hiding behind a door, breathing loudly into agonizing silence. A familiar scene; this dream is one I've witnessed many times before. I'm tiny, my little hands reaching above me to hold the doorknob against the wall. The guns fire, the feet march, the screams pierce the air. My face is wet. I want to run. But she told me to hide, so I can't move, I can't move no matter what… A man in a white uniform is staring down at me. A Peacekeeper. He's found me. He lowers his pistol, now level with my forehead. I'm screaming now, screaming louder than blood rushing in my ears. The trigger is pulled. The dream shifts to a field under an open sky. A gong sounds and I run, I run as fast as I can. I'm older now, and stronger. A bag is in my hand, and I'm racing towards the jungle. A knife whistles past me, but I don't turn. I can't. Now I'm rooted to the spot, surrounded by a jungle. Rain begins to fall. A child's voice calls my name. I manage to turn, and see a blonde girl smiling. But her smile slips and contorts into a look of ugly wrath. The girl leaps at me, tearing at my throat with her teeth. Suddenly, she grows rigid. Blood pools from her head, and the rain turns red to match. The only real water is the salty liquid dripping down my face, and I'm so, so sorry… My tears become a lake; a glassy, unmoving lake. A girl and I are sitting by the edge, talking. I like this girl. She's very nice. But then the girl lurches forward, a pickaxe stuck in her skull. I'm running again, but not away. I'm running at a faceless creature hidden in the woods, a fleeing creature that dared to kill my ally, my friend. Now I'm hiding behind a tree. The creature has become a girl, a girl who has been stabbed with a dozen knives. The tree melts away, and I'm standing inside a golden shell; a cornucopia. My sword is in my hands, and I watch as a boy amputates a girl's hand. I'm running towards them, and while the boy's back is turned, I thrust my sword. He's dead before I can apologize. The girl turns to me, her hand dripping with blood, her eyes full of malice. The knives fly, and I'm bleeding, to, bleeding far too much. But before I can fall, my vision turns red. My sword is somehow falling from her stomach, her eyes wide with shock, and she falls before I do. But it's too late for me. Blood fills my lungs and mouth, spilling on the ground, staining it a lovely crimson… I almost wish I could wake up screaming. At least I might as well breath faster than normal, like a normal person. But sadly, I simply open my eyes. I hardly ever panic, and waking up from a nightmare is no exception. My window proves that the sun's come up, just barely peeking over the horizon. I've taken to getting up early like this lately, as it takes forever to get Kaylee out of bed. I need to get her up earlier than usual anyway. My tour starts today. I throw on some warm clothes and head down the stairs of my oversized house, passing by the various hallways and rooms I hardly use, but keep very clean. I honestly don't know why I bother, because between my own house and Kaylee's, housekeeping takes a lot of effort. But there isn't much else to do, and I've decided to discontinue my former housekeepers. Two weeks after I arrived home, I hired three of my fellow orphans to clean for me. Three vases, a dish, and half the silverware went missing before I severed ties with them. My breath hangs in the air as soft puffs of mist, and I can taste the cold air in my lungs. When I was little, a boy once punched me for claiming that cold had a taste. He may have stated otherwise, but he's wrong. Cold does have a taste, and anyone who stands outside in winter for a moment would agree. I crunch through the snow across the street, heading for the house of my neighbor and former mentor, Kaylee. Reaching her house, I pull the house key from my pocket and unlock the door. I never exactly asked if I could have the key, but then, Kaylee never objected, and I am never going to tell her I have it. It's the only key I've seen in the house besides her own, and I have a sneaking suspicion of whom it belonged to. But I don't think he would object to using the key in order to take care of his mother, so I try not to think about it that often. Kaylee's house is far different from mine. I'm constantly arranging and rearranging the various ornaments in my house, in order to dust, sweep, and mop. Kaylee, on the other hand, will burst into tears if I even shift a rug. I accidentally brushed the door that used to belong to her son once, and she collapsed on the floor while shrieking. I have to be very careful while cleaning so as not to upset her. It's easier, I think, to forget that your son is dead when the house looks like he could return at any moment. I head up the stairs, passing various empty bedrooms, and stopping only at the emptiest of them all. I've been tempted to enter this room, but I doubt I ever will. Less out of respect for its former occupant, and more because of fear. I'd rather not see any reminiscence of the boy who lived in there, and would actually rather enjoy it if I never had to think about the twenty-three children that died so I could continue living. But I guess that's impossible, because for the next two weeks, I'll be forced to do nothing but remember. Finally, I pull myself away from the door. I instead turn away to Kaylee's bedroom and knock. I consider it only polite, even though she probably can't hear me, and won't answer the door even if she did. My politeness wearing thin, I enter the dark room and hit the light switch. The bedroom is filled with light, revealing a figure on a bed, buried beneath a mass of blankets. I prod it with my hand, attempting to rouse it from its sleep. "Kaylee." I receive a mumble. "Kaylee, get up." This time it's a groan. "I made coffee." She finally rouses herself enough sit up, her blonde hair tumbling in matted clumps around her shoulders. She turns her head to me, squinting her bleary eyes. "What time is it?" "Around six o'clock. We have to get up early, remember?" Kaylee's head slumps forward again, landing in her lap. I sigh. "Exactly how long were you out last night?" She doesn't respond. "Remember what I told you about this? I said that even though I can't stop you from drinking excessively outside your home, I can and will set fire to your alcohol stash. Is that what you want?" Kaylee shakes her head. "Good. Make sure it doesn't happen again. Now come on, we've got to get ready." I leave the room, pausing at the threshold. "We've got a big day ahead of us." Kaylee finally comes downstairs, slumping her self down at the table. "Where's the coffee?" "I lied. I haven't made it yet." I reply. She groans and slides further forward onto the table. "Why don't you go upstairs and shower? I'll make breakfast, and you can have it once you're done." Kaylee mumbles something I choose to take as an agreement, and shuffles up the stairs, while I am left cooking by myself. Believe it or not, I'm not too bad at it. I've managed to put together quite a few decent meals for Kaylee and I to share. Once I've finished placing eggs, bacon and toast on the table, together with a pot of coffee and a glass of milk for me, Kaylee comes downstairs in a bathrobe, hair still wet. We eat breakfast in silence as usual. There's nothing that really needs to be said, and I believe she agrees. Finishing, I stand up and place the dish in the sink. "You might want to shower, to, you know." I turn in surprise. Kaylee rarely dictates what I should do with my time. "I was planning on it." She nods. "Gerald and the others will be here in a few hours. Make sure you have your things together." "Alright, I will. Remember to look presentable by the time they arrive." Kaylee gives me another nod, and I head out the door, walking towards my house. Soon everyone will be arriving… I honestly don't see why I'm so apprehensive. It's not like I haven't heard from Gerald in a while. I've gotten phone call after countless phone call from him, asking me how I've been, how Kaylee's doing. Of course, I'm also flooded with the most recent gossip from the Capitol, which honestly, I could do without. My prep-team has also kept in touch; I'm not exactly sure what to do with the steady stream of hair products filling up the bathroom, but I haven't found a way to politely ask them to stop sending them either. But still… even though they're nice people, even though I'm certain that they're fond of me… I don't want to see them again. I don't want any reminders of the arena; I know that they will eventually work their way into my subconscious to haunt me in my dreams. I can do without that. Honestly, the only reason I bother with Kaylee is out of pity. Yes, she did do her best to help me in the arena. Yes, she did just lose her only son. However, if she didn't come home a drunken mess every night, I would do my best not to talk to her. This is the dilemma I've been dealing with the past six months. I don't want to remember my time spent in the Hunger Games, but I don't want to go back to my old life, and I know I that I won't be able to forget either. Unfortunately, my memory is very good. So how exactly can I make myself a new life, when I can't put the past behind me? The one thing that I have decided is that no matter how horrible my life in the orphanage was, I would rather not have been in the Hunger Games. If I had stayed, I may have put my dream of running District 3 into action. I remember lying awake in bed, making mental lists and charts of how exactly I'd escape the orphanage and rise through the political ranks, finalizing with me as the mayor. It was so much easier to keep moving when I had a clear idea of where I was going. That blessing's been lost, though. I've tried to reinstate my previous enthusiasm, but it's gone. What's the point? I've