A/N: Okay I know this plot line has been done one too many times but there actually really fun to write! Anyway we have tried not to make Nicole and Serena Mary-sue's let us know if we get to that point so we can stop it! Anyways enjoy the story! WARNING: Lots of language (now) and violence (later) so beware! DISCLAIMER: We do not in anyway shape or form own LOTR (unfortunately), Lauren (me!) owns Nicole and Marieke owns Serena. My alarm clock's hysterics woke me up in the morning. I groaned and rolled out of my bed. I had to hurry if I was going to make it to my morning classes. I hit my alarm clock and rolled out of bed and climbed into the shower. The cold water woke me up from my trance. I gasped and turned on the warm water. I groaned when I realized my roommate and best friend beat me to the hot water. We lived in a ghetto apartment in New York City. We were both in acting school here, and both concentrated on Broadway. I shivered when I climbed out of the shower and grabbed my towel. I dried my hair with my blow drier and threw on a pair of skinny jeans, my ugs, and a light pink tank-top with a white long-sleeved shirt. I grabbed my backpack and met Serena in the kitchen. She had made some french-toast. I inhaled the cinnamon aroma and sighed contently. "Good morning." She greeted pouring syrup on her breakfast. I smiled and grabbed a plate. "Morning. You need to leave some hot water for me in the morning; I had to take a cold shower. In the middle of a New York winter, please spare me that misery." I said. She chuckled. "You need to get up earlier. I'm surprised you didn't hear the car accident outside our apartment this morning. Taxi drivers are crazy." "Did anyone die?" "No, it was more of a fender bender but what woke me up was the drivers cussing each other out." I smiled. "Did you yell at them?" "Hell yes I did! I told them to shut there fucking mouths or I would shove my foot so far down their throat they would be shitting purple for a week." I cocked my head. "I am wearing purple nail polish." I laughed. "You are not a force to be reckoned with in the morning." "Not until I have had my coffee." I smiled. "We need to get going or Ms. Crowley is going to kill us." "We cannot be late for that class again can we?" I said smiling. The last time we were late for that class we had clean up duty for the last play we put on. Pure torture. We ran down the street rushing to get to our acting school. Because we were in the extremely ghetto part in New York we had to avoid very scary looking people and certain streets. That's when I heard a gun shot. Serena and I both skidded to a stop. "Nicole, did you just hear that?" Serena said frozen solid. "Unfortunately, yes, I did." I replied fear was audible in my voice. We heard a car fly around the corner and more gun fire. We sprinted down the street. We jumped over a wooden fence and hid. As soon as we heard the gun fire cease we peeked over the fence. I sighed in relief and we jumped back over the fence. "Well…we have an excuse for being late." I said. "Like she'll believe us. Let's go." Serena said and began running down the street. I followed quickly when I suddenly tripped and fell into a manhole. I grabbed Serena's outstretched hand. Unfortunately, I weigh more than her due to a four inch height difference. She fell in right after me. We both screamed as we fell down the hole. We didn't land as quickly as we though we would though, or on concrete. Suddenly the darkness turned blue and we were falling from the sky. We were both screaming at the top of our lungs and I heard Serena swearing. Not the best thing to be doing when we were getting ready to die. I would be begging for forgiveness. In fact, I was. As soon as we entered the tree tops of the forest my backpack got caught on a branch. I hear my arm snap, but I ignored the searing pain to grab onto Serena with my good arm. Her swearing ceased and she grabbed a tree branch near her. Her layered hair was tangled and I couldn't say I looked any better. I pulled myself up onto the tree branch with my good arm and looked around. We were not in New York anymore. I stood in an immense forest with enormous trees and little animals were scurrying everywhere. I gasped. "Serena, where are we?" I asked. "I was about to ask the same question." She replied totally shocked. "Well, first step in figuring out is to get the hell off of this big ass tree." My arm was protesting any movement and I hissed in pain. When my backpack got caught on the tree branch and I stopped abruptly my arm snapped into pieces. "I don't know if I can." Her bright blue eyes looked at me questioningly. "Why not?" "I think I broke my arm." She nodded her head. "Hand me your backpack." I did as she said. "Do you think you can climb down with one arm and two legs? It's not too far off the ground." I nodded my head. "If I fall, it won't kill me I can do it." She smiled. "Okay." She began to climb down with ease. She stepped onto the forest floor and beckoned me to come. I climbed down a couple of meters and decided to jump. It was extremely difficult to climb down with only one arm. I landed on my feet and Serena smiled at me. "Gymnastics came in use didn't it?" I smiled back. "Yep, told you it would." "Okay, now that we have gotten to the bottom of the tree. Let's find some locals." She grabbed her shoulder bag and my backpack and headed straight ahead. I followed quickly. You need to know something about Serena right now. She isn't very patient. She hates doing anything that requires waiting, such as finding her way out of a forest. So, it was only natural for her to want to get out of the forest as soon as possible. I wanted to too though, my arm was searing with pain. After about two hours Serena had been hit with five tree branches and we were both tripping over tree roots every five seconds. Not helping my arm. After another hour she stopped and growled in frustration. "What the hell?!" She finally broke our three hour silence. "No forest is THIS big!" She yelled. The sun began to set and it made her red and blue highlights glow on her raven black hair, her blue eyes flashed with rage. "Who goes there?" We heard a voice call. Who goes there? Really? Who talks like that anymore? Serena didn't seem to take any notice though. She dropped our bags and sprinted full speed towards the voice. "Stay there! I'll get help!" She called. I sighed and sat down. Serena's Point of View I sprinted off towards the voice and told Nicole to stay there and that I would be back. "Help!" I called. I heard men talking in low voices and called for help again. Then three men walked into the clearing. One was totally gorgeous, he had long blond hair with beautiful sapphire blue eyes and pale skin. The one to the right of him was hot too. He had brown wavy hair that fell just past his face and blue-grey eyes. The one on the right end had blond wavy hair that fell just past his face and was totally gorgeous too. "Who are you fair maiden?" I ignored their strange clothing and speech. "My friend broke her arm. Can you help her?" I asked putting on my sweet-angel face. "How do we know you are not in league with Sauroman?" The super hottie asked. "Um, I don't know who that is, but, do I really look that threatening?" Yeah I did, but seriously? Lord of the Rings? And I wasn't that scary looking either (the scariest thing is my scene haircut. But it wasn't very hard core). Seriously, I was a slender five foot one girl. "We will assist you. Where is your friend?" Said tall, dark and handsome (hottie number two). "She's over here." I said beckoning them back to the direction Nicole was. "It's a trap Aragorn, do not listen to her!" The hot blond with shorter hair than the other blond said. They needed to cut out their little cos-play, poor Nicole was alone in the woods and if we were some how in Lord of the Rings that would be even worse. "I don't even have a knife!" There was one in my bag, but I didn't have a knife on me at the time. "My friend is alone in the middle of the woods and her arm is broken! Can you please help her?" I pleaded. "Aragorn" had a staring contest with who I guess was dressed as "Boromir" and "Aragorn" won because they walked towards me. I started to walk back towards where I left Nicole. "Hey!" I called. "Hey!" She called back. "Where are you?!" "Hold on! I found these guys they're going to help you!" When we found Nicole "Aragorn" rushed up to her and looked at her arm. Her blond hair was kept out of her face from a braid that ran across the top of her head as a headband. Her blond ringlets fell just past her chest and her hazel eyes looked a little frightened. Her cheeks were pink from the sun we got today (we might have been in a forest but the sun was really strong). We were both fair skinned considering we lived up north our entire lives. I was surprised I wasn't sun burnt; I was more prone to that sort of thing than her. "Girl," I whirled around to face supper hottie. "what is your name?" He asked. "Um, Serena. What's your name?" I asked. "Legolas son of Thranduil." He replied. "Serena is a strange name.." Oh. My. God. Either these were super geeks or we were in Middle-earth. Considering we fell from the sky, I wanted to say the latter. Of course that could have been some sick prank and we were being fooled by super geeks on the way to a convention. "Really? You're Legolas?" I choked out. "Yes. I do not jest." He said. My eyes widened. "No. No, no, no, no!" I stomped my foot. Everyone was staring at me now. "Is something the matter milady?" Legolas asked. "Yes there is! We were on our merry way to acting class when we fell down a freaking hole and now we are being harassed by some super geek squad!" I yelled in his face. Nicole's Point of View I was only paying attention to the man setting my arm in place. I didn't notice the conversation that was going on between Serena and pretty boy next to another tree. I hissed in pain as he set my arm. "I am sorry milady. How did you break your arm?" He asked. "I fell a long way." I replied. "From this tree?" "Uh, well….if I told you; you wouldn't believe me." He frowned. "Why wouldn't I believe you?" He asked. I opened my mouth to answer when we heard Serena go off on a rant. "No. No, no, no, no!" She stomped her foot. "Is something the matter milady?" Pretty boy asked her. "Yes there is! We were on our merry way