Story Info Title: For All Of My Life Fandom: Twilight Saga Pairing: Carlisle/OC Rating: T Spoilers: Twilight+ Summary: Many years ago, just before the American Revolution, Carlisle Cullen met a girl named Annabelle Steele, a girl who was most obviously his mate, and not so obviously not completely human, yet not a vampire. Carlisle had never met someone like her before, but to his surprise she knew what he was, and even more importantly, she wasn't afraid of him. But because of her family's hatred for the vampires, she had to run with him and keep herself hidden in fear that she and her mate could be killed. But that was just the start of their adventures, not knowing at the time that their family awaits them in the future, and the biggest threat of all will threaten to tear their whole world apart. Disclaimer: If you recognize it (names, dialogue, etc) I do not own it. I do own my OC Annabelle Steele and her backstory. .x.x.x.x. Chapter Info Title: The Beginning Number: 1/? Warnings: Angst, language Author's Note: Hello, all, and welcome to my new Carlisle/OC story! I hope you all enjoy this one as well as my other one, Second Chance at Forever . I really appreciate the response for that one, it's very humbling, and since I have that one almost completed, I decided to start working on this one. I hope you all enjoy! A couple notes: one, as always, the story info will only be on this chapter as it will never change, however the chapter info will so it will be at the beginning of each. Two, the rating is subject to change depending on where the story leads me. But again, I hope you enjoy! Thank you for reading, and I would love to hear your reviews, thoughts, comments, and questions on this story! -Jamestown Village, Virginia Colony 1774- -Annabelle- The market wasn't as busy as Annabelle Steele expected, so her feet rushed her through without incident. Those around her weren't surprised to see someone hurrying through the square as that happened many times in days like these. With the threat of the British over their heads and quiet whispers of the Colonies revolting, not many people stayed outside to enjoy themselves, even in times when it was hot and sunny out. They all feared the invasion, wondering if it would happen any day when the crown decided that the Colonies weren't worth as much effort as they were putting forth. But that didn't mean the colonists would give up without a fight. They had meetings in secret basement rooms with plans and maps put forth, drawing up names of those wishing to volunteer on the off-chance it did come down to a fight. Annabelle was never really one to worry, though, she knew that nothing the British army, or even the Continental army for that matter. Not often did she think about her secret, but at age twenty-one, she knew she should be. Three years ago her parents told her of who and what she really was, and it was never something she wanted. I do not wish to be a freak, she thought as she, once again, ran from her family home. It was the secret that brought her out in such tense times, another day of arguing with her father only for him to end up yelling, and for her to run off crying. As much as her mother tried to be the mediator, it never quite worked out. And Annabelle was tired of it. She was tired of fighting with her father, she was tired of being told that she had no choice in accepting her fate, and she was tired of living her life in solitude away from other people just because she was different. Annabelle knew she was good at keeping secrets, she wouldn't tell a soul, but her father forbid her from going to school or joining in on town balls or picnics or anything that would be considered fun. It had been that way ever since she was a child and at that age, she always just assumed he was being overprotective of her, and unable to enjoy some fun. But the truth was almost much worse, because the truth of the matter was, no matter how much she fought it or how many times she ran from it, it was her destiny. It was in her blood and she would have to accept it even if she spent centuries running from it. Yes, centuries. At first when her father told her that he wasn't simply "good at keeping himself looking young" as she had thought, she assumed that meant he had adopted her. While she had never been around an orphanage, she heard of them as there was one a couple towns over. It would explain why he and her mother looked to be approaching thirty, but never quite went over it. It would explain why the other townsfolk knew there was something off about them, and why they moved around so often. Many times people assumed she was either her mother or father's younger sister, but she always wrote it off as good genes. But she was very wrong and on the evening of her eighteenth birthday, after a day of gifts and a small party with her and her parents and even a cake her mother slaved over, Henry Steele told her the truth of what she was. Of course she didn't believe them, and it was the first night she ran away. Every couple months for the last three years, she ran away, hoping that it would slow down whatever was happening. But her father said it wasn't something that would just hit her and happen over night, it was gradual and she would notice just bare hints of the matter as she hit twenty-one and continued to age. Soon she would look about as old as they did—late twenties at the very oldest—and then she would not age a single day after that. She would never grow old, never die, and she would never get to have the normal, amazing human life that she always wanted. Because Annabelle wasn't human. She was an Immortal. "There is no other term for us because we are not creatures. We do not shift like Children of the Moon. We do not carry venom like vampires. We simply exist, half human and half... other ." Of course the phrases "Children of the Moon" and "vampire" got her started all over again with confusion and fear, but everything had been explained to her. They were an endangered species and very close to extinction, and that's one of two reasons her father kept her inside. The other being that if she got injured playing with other children, she would heal in an instant. "Nothing can harm you. Not bullets or illness. Nothing but this." He held up a knife then, made out of purse silver, something his father, her grandfather Matthew, had given to him on his own eighteen birthday. "We can only be killed by a silver dagger to the heart. Never let this out of your sight, Annabelle. For if you do, you shall surely parish." That knife felt heavy against her thigh as she ran, glad for her long skirts as her feet carried her passed the market and into the woods to find her favorite hiding spot, one her father would never find no matter how many times he searched for her. The woods were a second home to her, a place so quiet and calm and peaceful that she could sit there for hours and never notice that any time had pass until the sun began to sink behind the hills. Deep into the woods there lay a small river running through the foliage and letting out into the bigger James River that was nearby. Along the river—which she nicknamed the Solitude River even though it had no real name—there was a fallen tree thats roots covered a small cave. It was this cave that she hid in, sometime just to lay there and think, other times to read. Over her shoulder, she carried a satchel and inside was a candle freshly poured the day before, some matches, a quilt her mother made when she was six, and a book that she had read so many times the pages were threatening to fall out. But it's what she needed, to fall into this realm of fiction and fairytales rather than deal with the knowledge that she would never be normal and she would spend the rest of her life hiding. There are creatures that want me dead. I have done nothing to them and they want me dead. That was something she could never get passed, something she had nightmares about nearly every night. Because as much as she wanted to live, in order to do so, she would always have to find caves and places where none of those creatures could find her. Vampires. That story, her father hadn't told her yet, only that they killed Matthew and also her mother's parents as well. It was them that made them go into hiding, they were the reason that the rest of the Immortals were dead. Having once been as numerous in populace as the humans, it was quite the devastating loss. Annabelle, of course, understood why they needed to stay hidden, but that didn't mean she had to like it. She pictured her life having adventures, not hiding from them. Wiping away an escaped tear, she finally managed to make her way down the bank and into her little cave. As usual, it was clear and empty of any other life. It was small, not very deep, but it was enough. It had a large rock in it that she always laid her quilt near so she could lean against it as she read, or use it to sleep against if she got tired. She had also stored a canteen of water there along with an old shotgun of her father's—that he had been looking for desperately, but she never revealed that she took it—and a box of covered bread. Her hands shook as she laid her quilt over the dirt floor and arranged her other belongings around it. The only thing she kept on her person was the dagger, lifting the edges of her skirts to make sure it was still hidden on her thigh sheath, before settling herself on her quilt. The candle was lit, the match pushed into the dirt to make sure it was smothered and didn't light again. The candle was bright, flickering shadows and light around the small cave, and it made her smile a little even as she couldn't bring herself to truly be happy. Because it also wasn't lost on her she most likely would spend her life alone. Her mother and father got lucky when they found each other. But there weren't many Immortals left out there, her father had said merely a dozen families escaped the wrath of the vampires, and they all scattered. Who knows if they were still alive. And if she fell in love with a human, they would die in just a few short years, age and grow gray while she still looked twenty. Immortals could only be born, they couldn't be created like vampires or Children of the Moon. Her father had never heard of an Immortal and human having a child together, so it was highly unlikely it could happen. So I may as well get used to an eternity of loneliness, she thought bitterly. Her parents would be around, but that wasn't the same as having someone to spend her life with, like they got to. Sighing, she shook her head and forced the thoughts away. She wouldn't allow herself to continue in her own self-pity or think about the way life