Story Info Title: Second Chance at Forever Fandom: Twilight Saga Rating: T Pairing: Carlisle/OC Summary: In 1955, the love of Carlisle's life was ripped away in a brutal nomad attack. He spent decades trying to get over that loss, only for the shock of his life when, in 2005 at the wedding of his son Edward, he meets a girl named Abigail Goodwin; an exact match for his dead mate. A search for answers leads Carlisle down a road he never thought he'd go down again. Spoilers: Twilight+ .x.x.x.x. Chapter Info Title: Here Comes the Bride Number: 1/? Warnings: Angst, language Author's Note: Hello, all! Welcome to my first Twilight Saga story! I've been working on this one for awhile and I actually have a lot of it written, so I'm excited to share it with you! (Note: the story info will only be on this chapter as it will never change, however the chapter info will so it'll be on every chapter. Also note the rating is subject to change.) Thanks for reading, comments are love! -Minneapolis, MN 1955- " No !" It was Edward's voice that rang out over the silence that filled the house. It wasn't until that moment that anybody had realized Alice was in the middle of a vision, but one look between the two of them told them that whatever Alice saw, it was bad. Very bad. A look of horror was crossed over both of their faces, and Jasper was by Alice's side in an instant to protect and comfort his obviously agitated mate. But she shook him off, looking at Edward desperately, who looked like he would be ill, if such a thing were possible for them. For a total of thirty seconds, neither of them could speak, no matter how much the other three tried to get them to, to explain what she saw. Neither of them could say the words, though, at least not out loud, but it was clear there was a silent conversation going on between them. "Stay here," Edward said, reaching out to grip Alice's wrist. "We need to go. We'll be back." They didn't wait for any arguments or demands of an explanation; time was of the ultimate essence. It was such a small decision that had been made to have such horrific consequences. Just a change of mind, turning down a street earlier than they intended and take a shortcut through an alley. They were racing against the clock, against time, against fate. But they had to get there before it came true, before they lost one of the most important people in their lives...the most important person in all of creation to Carlisle, their mother . "Two more streets down!" Alice called over the rush of wind past their bodies. Luckily it was night and so they could run through the city without much of anyone noticing other than an odd gust of wind. "No change?" Edward demanded and Alice's silence, the same vision running through her mind over and over, gave him all the answer that he needed. And so he pushed on, so close and yet it felt so far. "We need to find them, tell Carlisle what's happening, and get them out of there. We'll take care of the nomad." Alice gave an answering nod to his snarled out words and they pushed on. Most of the time, confidence was key, but this time it did nothing but work against them. They were confident they saw the vision in time, confident they would get to Carlisle and their mother before tragedy struck. But confidence is what wound up failing them. They didn't run as fast as they should've, they didn't call out in warning like they should've—Carlisle and their mother would've surely heard them. And they would forever blame themselves for what happened. First, the screeching sound of metal on metal filled their ears and made both of them freeze because they knew exactly what that sound was. Second, the furious, anguished, tortured roar of their father greeted their ears and they knew they would never forget that sound or anything about this night for the rest of their eternity. "We're too late..." Edward murmured, skidding into the alley just as their mother's head was tossed into a burning barrel and Carlisle dropped to his knees. The nomad laughed, his deep crimson eyes sparkling with mirth and sick enjoyment as he watched the pain unfold over the group before him. "You lose," he said in a sweet, sing-song of a voice. But that was the last thing he said as Edward finally snapped out of it, and allowed the nomad the honor of joining their beloved mother in the burning barrel. .x.x.x.x. -Forks, WA 2006- -Abigail- For years, Abigail had been having the same dreams. Well, really they were more like nightmares as they always ended the exact same way: alone in a dark alley except for a man with glowing red eyes. He advanced on her faster than she ever thought possible, and with a large ripping noise, her head was off and all she could feel then was her body burning. She would always wake up in a cold sweat, sheets and clothes sticking to her, panting with exertion and fear, clinging to her pillows as if they would be able to save her. But she was always alone and nobody would ever be able to save her. "Screw this," she mumbled as it had woken her up yet again, kicking off the blankets that were twisted around her trembling body so she could go shower off the sweat. It was only about six in the morning and she didn't have to be up for awhile, but whenever she had those dreams, she never could get back to sleep. At least it woke her up at six and not midnight like it used to. Waking up that early always made her feel exhausted and twitchy the whole day, especially when she didn't sleep until after eleven. Grabbing some extra clothes, she padded down the hallway to the familiar bathroom. She and her friend Beth had left Seattle about seven the previous night after both their shifts at the hospital ended, and arrived about eleven. Abigail knew she could've driven them faster, but Beth had moved right from New York to Seattle so it wasn't often her friend got the chance to see small towns. So even though it was dark, she drove slower than she normally would've so Beth could take in what she could, and promised the blonde that she would show her around the next day. Bella's wedding was the next night and she wouldn't miss that for the world, but they had until about three to look around so she would make the most of it. The bathroom hadn't changed a bit since she was a kid other than the new paper that lined the cupboards to protect the wood. When Abigail's parents died a little over a year before, the house had been left to her, and she had no idea what she wanted to do with it. It was all paid off so she didn't have to worry about that, but there were too many memories that became painful the more she thought about them. So she let it sit, paying only the gas bill to keep the heat on so the pipes didn't freeze in the Washington weather. Part of her wanted to sell it, but part of her knew that she couldn't; it was like selling her parents and her childhood all in one. So she kept it for them, but being back was bringing in the nostalgia and she knew she wouldn't be making decisions anytime soon as they could be considered rash and not very well thought through. It was a nice notion to be able to come back to it whenever she wanted, though, whether it was a mini-vacation like this, or she just needed to get away from city life. The other utilities were turned on for their stay there for the week. Both women decided that they needed that time, needed the break, and Abigail was only too quick to offer up the house. The water cranked on and she turned it on hotter than she normally would've because of the cold sweats and shivers that took over her body after the dream. It seemed to be happening more and more often, nearly every night for a month now. It used to happen a couple times a year, but the closer it got to her going back to Forks, the more often the dreams happened. It was unsettling and it terrified her more than she was willing to admit. Y ou're an ER nurse in a huge city. You've seen so much horror, the nightmares are nothing. At least that's what she tried to tell herself, and it used to work, at least in the moment, but it wasn't anymore. Because as they happened more often, they were also getting more real, almost like she could feel it even though there was no pain. She felt the rip of her flesh, the burn of the fire. "Stop," she scolded herself as she shed her clothes and stepped into the shower to wash away the sweat and her terror. First Beach down at the La Push reservation was the first place she took Beth. Seeing as it was Washington, it was still cold, but it was as beautiful as Abigail remembered and she couldn't help but smile. She spent ages down here as a kid with her parents, the Blacks, the Clearwaters, the Ateras, and even Bella and Charlie when she was there for the summer. Bon fires and cookouts, surfing—well, attempting to—and swimming. Even in the rain, the humidity making the days warm enough. The day she took Beth wasn't right for any of that, besides the fact she and Beth were there alone, but the sun shining down on the small waves was beautiful enough by itself. Beth spent a good hour taking photos as she was an amateur photographer, but very good at it, at least Abigail thought so. She wasn't an art critic, though, however she did have a few hanging around her apartment back in Seattle of places Beth had taken pictures of. "This is a photography gold mine," Beth said excitedly as she took another close-up of one of the larger pieces of salt-bleached driftwood that sat along the beach. Abigail smiled and sat down on a larger log, pulling her legs up under her to cross. She knew she could probably spend all day there, but they needed plenty of time to get around. She had brought a few dresses as she wasn't sure what she should wear. The nerves settled in her chest were unlike any she had before and she had no idea why. Abigail had been to weddings before—and she wasn't even in the wedding party this time—and had never felt the nerves that swirled around in her making feel sick like she felt then. Perhaps it was the nightmare getting to her because of how vivid it was now. And she realized something that she never had before: it felt like there was someone lingering behind her as well, even though she had always thought she and her killer were alone. She discovered that unsettling bit of information in the shower and she couldn't stop thinking about it. Why did it change? Why now? Why was she having the same nightmare over and over every night unlike before? Why was it so much more real as if it were a memory instead of a dream? "Abi! Hey, are you okay?" The voice drew her out of her thoughts and she glanced up quickly seeing Beth's worried blue eyes looking over her as if she had somehow gotten injured just sitting there. Maybe if I were Bella ,