This was my submission for the Fandom4LLS collection and was my first attempt at a longer canon piece. Hope you enjoy the Everlark feels. I do not own The Hunger Games. Prologue I dream of leaves. They're all around me, in all shapes and colors. I'm walking through the woods, searching for something, and I notice that the leaves are piling up at an alarming rate. Soon the ground is completely covered with them, to the point that it becomes hard to walk. Something trips me and I take a hard fall. I get up on my knees, furiously brushing away the leaves to see what tripped me, when the familiar sound of a cannon booms in the distance. I look down…and I see her. Rue. I tripped on Rue. She's lying down, beautiful and peaceful, exactly as I left her to be lifted up by the hovercraft. Only instead of the flowers with which I adorned her, she's surrounded by one type of leaf. The same kind she used to heal my tracker jacker stings. With tears in my eyes, I bend down to pick one up, when suddenly- Knock knock "Katniss? Are you awake, dear?" I open my eyes to sound of my mother's voice and squint at the strong sunlight coming through the window. I must have slept in. Ouch , what is wrong with my foot? And suddenly the memories come rushing back. Bonnie and Twill. The fence. The Peacekeepers. I sit up and feel a bit woozy, no doubt from the sleep syrup my mother gave me last night. Last night…Peeta…I think he said something to me as I was drifting off to sleep, but I don't rememb- "Katniss?" "Yes, you can come in," I call out, falling back down to the bed. She comes in with a tray, and whatever she's brought up fills the whole room with a wonderful smell. "How are you feeling, dear? Are you hungry? Peeta's downstairs and he brought you these cheese buns," she says, placing the tray on the nightstand. "Mmm," I mumble, sitting up to grab one. "I'm okay. My foot still hurts - I can barely move it." "I suspected as much. I'm going to go ahead and put you on bed rest for a week until it heals, no arguments," she orders. "You won't get any arguments from me, especially if it means I don't have to try on wedding dresses," I grumble, stuffing my mouth with another cheese bun. "But could you send Peeta up? With the family plant book? I have some ideas, and if I'm going to be stuck up here, I want to work on it." She raises an eyebrow at me and smirks. "Alright, that's fine. But keep the door open, okay?" I scowl at her. Now she decides to be my mother? "Fine. That's fine," I say with a straight face. She purses her lips, but leaves without a word. I polish off the last cheese bun when I hear Peeta's heavy footsteps on the stairs. "Hey there," he greets me with a smile, "So, what are we doing with this?" he asks, holding up the book. I return his smile and take the book from him. "Go home and get your art supplies. We have work to do." Day 1 – Katniss "Darker, Peeta. The green needs to be darker." The type of leaf Rue used to soothe my tracker jacker stings was already in the family book, but the sketch was faded so I'm having Peeta touch it up and add color. "I wish I had been with you when Rue fixed you up," he says, "those stings were nasty." I look at him and frown, though he doesn't see it since he's focused on sketching. While I was with Rue, Peeta was alone, suffering from the wound Cato gave him. "Peeta, can I ask- I mean, were you scared when Cato cut your leg?" He pauses, but never lifts his eyes off the paper. "Yes, but not in the way you're probably thinking," he says softly. "I was scared that I wouldn't be able to protect you if I died. That I wouldn't be able to get you back home." He clears his throat, still not looking at me. "Funny, since in the end, you ended up protecting me." I reach over and touch my fingers to his drawing hand, stopping his movement. At this, he finally raises his head and meets my eyes. "We protected each other," I tell him, "I'll never forget what you did for me." He smiles, but doesn't hold my gaze for long before he goes back to sketching. I wish I knew what he was thinking. Is he ashamed that he got injured and I had to take care of him? He'd never admit that, and I'll never ask him. I remind myself that he's pretty forthcoming with a lot of things…so I should probably let him keep some things to himself. "There, how's that?" he asks, handing me the sketch. "Perfect, thank you," I say, placing it carefully into the book. "Now, Peeta, do you remember what nightlock looks like?" He laughs and looks at me like I'm crazy. "Katniss, do you really think I could forget what nightlock looks like? Those berries are the reason both of us are alive right now." I smile and hand him a new piece of paper. "Good, that means you can draw them." Peeta takes the paper and smirks. "Is this how it's going to be for the next week? You bossing me around?" "Yes," I say smugly. "Do you have a problem with that?" He grins. "No ma'am. None at all." Day 2 – Peeta "Katniss, please, you really have to learn to ask for help this week," I say as I help her off the floor and back to her bed. "How did this happen?" "It was that stupid cat!" she exclaims. "I got up to grab a sweater from the dresser, and I was doing fine until Buttercup came in and hissed at me. I got startled and the next thing I knew I was on the floor." I chuckle and walk over to the dresser. "Okay, tell me where this sweater is. Which drawer?" "Second from the top," she answers, "It's the dark green one." I find the sweater and take it out, noting how soft it is. I also notice a small orange 'K' stitched into the front near the collarbone. "This looks comfy. Something Cinna made?" She smiles and nods. "He asked if I needed anything for home, and I said a few sweaters would be nice," she tells me as she slips it on. "This one's my favorite." "I, uh…" I begin, clearing my throat. "I see that the 'K' is orange." This makes her blush, and my heart skips a beat. "Um, really?" she says, looking down at the stitching. "Are you sure? Looks red to me…" Trying to contain myself, I sit on the floor with my sketch pad and lean casually against the bed, looking up and pretending to examine the sweater. "No, it definitely looks orange. Sunset orange, one might say," I reply smugly, and I can't stop a huge grin from spreading across my face. She meets my grin with a scowl, and I know I should probably stop right there. "Quit it, Peeta. Cinna asked what color the stupid 'K' should be, and orange was the first one that popped into my head, okay?" I laugh and hold up my hands in defeat. "Fair enough, fair enough. Now, what are we working on today?" Katniss and I decide to focus on medicinal herbs for the day, updating what was already in the book and adding in a few more that we learned about in the Games. It's mostly quiet work, with few words exchanged, but I love every minute of it. If I'm being completely honest, a part of me is glad that Katniss is on bed rest this week. I'd never want her to be in pain, of course. That's the last thing I'd want in the world. But, knowing that I'll be able to spend so much time with her, and that she'll actually need and – more importantly – accept my help…makes me happier than I've been in a long time. "How does this look?" I ask, holding up the sketch pad for her to see. "Katniss?" I turn around to see that she's fallen asleep. I reach over to brush the hair off her face, and she surprises me when she opens her eyes. "Oh, I'm sorry, did I doze off?" she asks softly. "What time is it?" "Around four, I think. Go back to sleep," I say, as I begin to stroke the hair behind her ear. But instead of closing her eyes, she stares at me, and doesn't move. I continue for minute longer, and just as I start to bask in the moment, she sits up abruptly, as if she's just realized what was happening. "Uh, did you say four?" she says. "Is Prim home yet?" "Um, yeah, I think I heard her come in a little while ago. Do you want me to go get her for you?" I ask, trying hard to hide the disappointment on my face. "That would be great. Thanks, Peeta," she says with a small smile. I get up from the floor and start making my way to the door when Katniss calls me back. "Actually, Peeta, do you mind carrying me downstairs? I could use a change of scenery." And just like that, the smile returns to my face. I walk over and help her out of bed, allowing my hand to stroke her hair one last time before picking her up. This , I think to myself, this, I can bask in , and I decide to take my time going down the stairs. Day 3 – Katniss "Peeta, while you're down there, can you check if there are any peppermints left?" I call out before hobbling back to the bed from where I stood at my bedroom door. My foot and tailbone still hurt, but I'm able to get up occasionally without crashing to the floor. We've been working on the family plant book for the past couple of days, and I'm really happy with what we've accomplished. Older drawings were touched up and revived with Peeta's magic, and we've managed to add a few more pages of plants and herbs that we learned about in the Games. I plop down on the bed and start flipping through of the book, when I see something that makes my heart stop. A picture of my father. With a shaky hand, I lift it up and stare at it, mesmerized. We don't have many family photos; like food, cameras and photographs were luxuries in the Seam. It's an old picture, with cracks and creases everywhere, even on his face, but it's unmistakably my father. He looks very young in it, younger than I remember ever seeing him. The photo strikes me as odd, since it didn't seem to be taken on a special occasion – he's simply standing in front of our old house, wearing my - his - hunting jacket, and smiling. He's smiling. A great, big, wonderful smile. I'm staring at it in wonder when I see a drop of water fall on it, and it's only then that I realize I'm crying. I hurriedly put the picture back in the book and dab my eyes with my sweater – I don't want Peeta to see me – "Katniss, what's wrong?" Damn him. I used to be able to hear Peeta from a mile away. He must be really getting used to his prosthetic. "Um, nothing," I tell him, though my sniffles aren't very convincing. "Were there any peppermints left?" "Uh, yeah, I managed to find the bag and there a few more