AN: Two things: 1) I highly recommend you read "Broken" first because Fred and Alyssa's background holds a lot more meaning than this story shows, especially in their relationship. You may also read "Forbidden" before or after. 2) This involves cousincest so if you don't like it, then don't read it! Thank you. It was generally thought that Alyssa Weasley-Granger, the daughter of Olivia Weasley and Evan Granger, and Scorpius Malfoy, the son of Draco Malfoy, would have some sort of relationship during their school years. Most people opted for sworn enemies like their parents, and some shockingly hoped for a brighter future in which their family feud would finally be resolved through a potential romantic relationship. It turned out to be neither. When they started Hogwarts, Alyssa immediately attached herself to her best friend and favourite cousin Fred Weasley and his friends while Scorpius bonded with fellow outcasts destined for Slytherin and unnecessary redemption. They had no need for interaction other than the occasional partnering up in classes they shared so their outlook of each other was pleasant but indifferent. They were acquaintances. Nothing more. There were always rumours, of course. The whispers and stares around them could not be ignored. It was quite annoying and uncomfortable to both of them, to be honest. They didn't even know each other and were still on a surname basis so why were people obsessed with the two of them together? Yes, their families had history, but it had nothing to do with them as individuals. They were just two students out of the entire class of 2024. They maintained a distant acquaintanceship for most of their years at Hogwarts, but they should've known that something would change. It was their sixth year, and they were assigned as partners for an Ancient Runes project. No biggie. They worked together before on such things, even though they hadn't been long-term projects. They were responsible and efficient. They could do this. They could do this and earn an excellent grade with their teamwork. They met in the library during a free period to start their research. Several books were piled onto their table with two more being cracked open and read individually. Anything relevant and important they found would be written in their notes. As soon as they would have gathered enough evidence, they could start working on the layout. Scorpius, who could write faster as a pureblood who learned cursive, shut the book he was reading from and reached for another when his eyes landed on someone he never expected to see in a library. "Granger, what's your cousin doing in here?" Alyssa sighed irritatedly both from being interrupted and from being improperly addressed again. "Malfoy, I've told you that it's Weasley -Granger so many times at this point I lost count. And which cousin are you referring to? I've still got quite a few of them in this castle." "'Weasley-Granger' is a bit of a mouthful, thank you very much. I'll stick to Granger. I'm referring to the one you're always hanging around with. What's his name again? It starts with F, I think." Scorpius hadn't expected Alyssa to turn bright red at the mention of her cousin. "Oh, Fred?" "Yeah, him. Look." Scorpius gestured across the room to the heavily tanned redhead who seemed to be searching for something. "Is he looking for you or something? This is practically your sanctuary." Alyssa rolled her eyes. "Can it, Malfoy. Of course he's looking for me. He can't stand this place unless he's pulling a prank in here." "It's rather shocking how the two of you are best friends. Then again, opposites do attract." She gave him a rather strained smile. "Yeah. Attract." Weasley finally got the two of them in his field of vision. Scorpius watched as the redhead slowly looked between the two sixth years, the latter's eyes narrowing slightly as they stopped on the former. The blond scoffed. Were all Weasleys this protective of each other? Looking across the table, Scorpius raised an eyebrow as Alyssa nervously tucked a lock of her bushy red hair behind her ear and smiled brightly at her cousin who began approaching their table, her cheeks still red but abating. "Are you all right, Granger?" She didn't react to the shortening of her surname. "Completely. Hi, Fred. What's up?" "Malfoy," Weasley nodded curtly to Scorpius before changing his demeanour completely. "Alyssa, you won't believe this! My dad just sent in a prototype of a new invention for me to test out, and –" "I am not going to be your guinea pig this time," Alyssa interrupted. "The last time I volunteered had everyone in our house laughing at me for two weeks straight. Including you . Besides, shouldn't you be studying for your NEWTs?" Weasley waved his hand in dismissal. "I've got those in the bag. Besides, I'm not destined to have some great big important job like you are." Alyssa nodded slowly. "Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay. Right." "Lyss, I just gave you a compliment and you look at me with skepticism. I'm wounded." To emphasize his pain, he placed a hand over his heart. Scorpius sighed. Really, Weasley was the only person who could distract Alyssa from her studies. "Granger, our project?" "Huh?" Alyssa looked sideways at him distractedly, her gaze falling upon the books on their table. "Oh! Right." Looking apologetically at Weasley she said, "Sorry, Fred. Malfoy and I have a project to do for Ancient Runes so…" Weasley regarded him with his eyes narrowed again. Scorpius looked back at him calmly. "It's true, Weasley. What do you think we're doing?" Weasley turned away and muttered something that sounded like "nothing." Flashing a grin at Alyssa, he walked away and left the library. Scorpius sighed and reached for the book he tried to grab earlier and stopped as he noticed Alyssa staring at the library entrance with a slightly dazed expression on her face. "Granger? Are you all right?" She jerked and blinked. "What?" "I said, 'are you all right?'" "Yeah. Completely." Scorpius frowned at her odd behaviour but said no more. They had a project to do. The next evening found the two sixth years in the library again with a large-sized roll of parchment rolled out onto a table. Scorpius held a quill in his hand as he sketched out a few runes while Alyssa had her wand ready to erase any mistakes. "So the main one can be here right in the centre –" "– with its explanation underneath as a caption." "Yes, and then the other ones can be in boxes around it." "Also with captions." "Yes. Exactly." Alyssa smiled. "I brought a Muggle ruler with me. How big should the boxes be?" "Well, the main one is like this. I'd say maybe about fifteen centimetres. The other four can be ten." Alyssa pulled out her ruler from her bag. "You know what rulers are?" "Of course. I take Muggle Studies for a reason, Granger." "Oh." Her face turned slightly pink in embarrassment. "I didn't know you took Muggle Studies." "There's a lot you don't know about me, Granger." "I told you –" "– that 'Weasley-Granger' is too much. Honestly, conjoined surnames are overrated. It wrecks the entire flow of the whole name. It would sound awful if I went by 'Scorpius Hyperion Greengrass-Malfoy.'" Alyssa huffed. "That's your opinion. I'm proud to be a Weasley and a Granger." "And when you get married? What are you going to do then?" She glanced bitterly down at the parchment and muttered something like, " If I get married, that is." Scorpius frowned. "Surely, you don't doubt yourself that much." Alyssa shook her head. "It's not that; it's…well…you wouldn't understand." "Try me." "No, seriously. And come on, Malfoy. We're not even friends. We're just working on a project together as assigned by a bloody professor." Scorpius sighed but didn't pry into the topic anymore. "All right." He knew she was hiding something. It was interesting that he of all people caught it. He wondered if Weasley (Fred) knew about it. He probably did, seeing that he and Alyssa were close enough to be practically joined at the hip whenever they weren't in classes or she was working in the library. Not that Scorpius would ask him, of course, but surely he knew something. Right? Looking down at the parchment, he groaned. He had been so distracted by his thoughts he drew a line in the wrong direction. "Granger, can you erase this line? Sorry about that." No response came from her. Scorpius looked up. Alyssa was staring across the room, her eyes slightly glazed over and her cheeks red. Turning towards the direction she was looking at, he saw, to his shock, Weasley. In the library again. What the heck? "Granger. Granger. Granger!" She jumped slightly in her seat. "What? What?" "I made a mistake. Can you erase it?" "Oh," she glanced distractedly at the parchment. "Yes. Where?" "Right here. See where this line is going in the wrong direction?" Her eyes glanced upwards for a second before she pressed the tip of her wand against the paper and traced over the line, causing it to disappear. "There. Done." Scorpius bent over the parchment again and made sure to draw the line in the right direction before continuing with the rest of the rune. "I think Weasley's looking for you again." "Obviously." He frowned at the slight strain in her voice. "Why else would he be in what he calls the castle's 'hell room'?" "He must really care for you if he's willing to come in here." A slight smile came over her face, which he saw in the corner of his eye. "Yes. He must." Weasley must had seen them because Scorpius heard approaching footsteps and a familiar deep voice whispering, "Lyss. Lyss!" "Weasley, we're in the middle of a project," the Malfoy heir said, looking up. "Can this wait?" Weasley glanced at him for a second with one eye twitching out of annoyance before turning to his cousin. "Lexi and I decided to test the prototype on that creep Nathan McLaggen. It worked like a charm! He's currently hiding in our dorm room as we speak." Alyssa gave him a wry smile. "Should I be afraid to ask what it did to him?" "Not at all! Shouldn't you be happy? After all, he did hit on you too many times to count." "Fred, I'm a prefect . I can't be condoning this type of behaviour, no matter who is the culprit and/or who is the victim. I've covered for you too many times as it is." It was ridiculous to see Weasley get on his knees in a pleading position. "Please, Lyss? For your favourite cousin and best friend in the whole wide world?" Alyssa crossed her arms, her expression half-serious and half-joking. "I thought Lexi and Louis were your 'best friends in the whole wide world'?" Scorpius couldn't help but notice her tone when she not-so-subtly spat out the older female Gryffindor's name. Weasley grinned boyishly. "Of course not! That title has belonged to you since we were babies! I practically claimed you the moment you were born! "Likely story. Auntie Angelina told me that you could barely form two words at the time." Scorpius gritted his teeth. This was getting ridiculous. "Weasley, I'd like to remind you that I'm a prefect as well so I can report you for what you just admitted to. Unless you leave right now." Honestly, he loved how he was so good with blackmail. As much as a troublemaker Weasley was, getting caught was definitely not one of his favourite things to do. Weasley sighed melodramatically as he grasped Alyssa's hands. "I must go now, dear cousin. If only certain snakes weren't so insistent with not having my presence around." And then there was Alyssa practically smiling like an idiot hallucinating something that could only happen in a fairy tale…or the Wizarding world