Not Backward, Shall The First Step Be By Ioanna Malfoy Soft footsteps echo in empty corridors breeching the silence of the early Saturday morning. Only a few days into the school year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. A 17-year-old girl emerges into view. Strands of russet hair tumble from a loose bun, sleep-silted eyes intently trained on a book cradled in her arms, as she absentmindedly navigates her way to breakfast. Well-liked by her professors, Lily Evans loves learning almost as much as she loves books. Books never leave. Books are always there offering escape into fantastic lands. Lily is alone in the crowd, hordes of 'friends' surround her more often than she prefers, but none truly know her. Prior to attending Hogwarts, Lily was bullied and teased by her resentful sister, Petunia, and her primary school classmates. For many years, her only friend was Severus Snape. The one boy who wasn't driven away by Petunia's bullying. Lily was ecstatic when she and Severus received invitations to attend Hogwarts. This only served to deepen Petunia's bitter jealousy who was refused a spot at the magical school. Lily loves her sister, but Petunia's deep-rooted jealousy destroyed any hope of reconciliation. Eleven-year-old Lily had hoped Hogwarts would provide a healthy culture. A community aimed to learn and discover fascinating, new things together, in a positive, supportive environment. Lily's first encounter with her new schoolmates dashed her hopes. That first time on the Hogwarts Express, she entered the train and found a compartment with a group of boys her own age. She asked to sit with them and they exchanged introductions. The first boy, a gray-eyed, guarded-looking fellow introduced himself as Sirius Black; tight-lipped, he shared little about himself. The second boy, James Potter, chatted freely, arrogantly bragging about the expensive things his parents bought him. Remus Lupin, the quietest of the three, returned to reading his book after their short introductions. Some time later, Severus found them, "May I join?" he had asked. Without hesitation, Lily replied enthusiastically, "Of course!" and began excitedly introducing Severus to her new friends. Sirius's face set hard and he rudely interrupted, "No," an awkward silence followed before he spoke up again, "I don't know you, but I get a bad gut feeling about you. I don't want anything to do with you," he said, looking pointedly at the boy. "Lily, you can choose us or you can choose him, but I can tell– he is bad news," Sirius said turning to her. Lily's eyes flashed, Sirius Black had insulted her best friend–somebody he hadn't even met before and knew nothing about. Lily was painfully reminded of the bullies at her primary school. Black didn't even give Sev a chance–hadn't even heard him speak. Black tried to turn her against Sev, unaware of their pre-existing friendship, in the same way their primary school bullies systematically turned each of her other friends against her. She would not let him. As the years went by, a bitter rivalry developed between herself, Black, and Potter. She hated their habitual bullying and they hated her goody-two-shoes attitude. Lily chose Severus Snape over them, and she stood up for Sev even when he began befriending some shady Slytherins and gradually drifted into their gang. Lily drifts back into memories from fifth year when Black and Potter's taunting finally made Severus snap. Black and Potter surrounded Severus, cornering him, taunting the weaker teen. Remus watched on from behind, not joining in, but never stopping his friends either. "Come on you little snake, need your girlfriend to come save you? What do you think Padfoot, should we teach him a lesson?" Potter taunted. "STOP," came a far off yell from behind them, as Lily raced to save her friend. She skidded to a halt, panting and out of breath, "What's he done to you?". "Evans, my dear, the problem is more that he exists than anything else…" Black responded, appearing thoughtful. The crowd, now surrounding them, snickered. "You think you're clever, or funny but you're not. You're just foul, loathsome, arrogant, bullying toerags." She sneered, pure hatred in her eyes. "I might stop if you go out with me Evans," Potter said. Laughing, Black and Potter turned back to Severus and continued to advance, backing him into a corner. "STOP. JUST STOP." Lily screamed, her anger bursting forth like a Noachian deluge. Severus cut her off, "I don't need help from a filthy, Mudblood, like you! Leave me alone." His words were harsh, and made Lily recoil in shock. Snape was embarrassed that he needed her protection. In his embarrassment and anger, he turned on her rather than Black and Potter, who were the real cause for his anger and embarrassment. Deep down, Snape wanted to feel strong and capable, he desperately tried to explain this to her. He tried to apologize, but this was the last straw for Lily. Lily was already disappointed at his involvement with the darker Slytherins, but this was too much. She refused his distressed pleas. Recomposing herself as best she could, ignoring the stab of pain in her chest and the tightening of her throat, she responded, "I won't bother in future, Snape " she emphasized the use of his last name "and you can kiss goodbye to our friendship." It's been nearly two years since the friendship was broken. Snape pleaded with her for more than a year, pursuing their friendship. Snape, bitter and indignant at her rejection; had apologized. What more could she want? How could Lily expect him to abandon the friends who had taken him under their wing? Lily watched wistfully, wanting to forgive, but she knew that unless Snape changed, nothing would improve. She refused to reconcile by ignoring his faults, she drew the line and wouldn't let herself forgive him until he gave up his Death Eater friends. Lily had other friends, but none truly understood her or could comfort her like. Nobody could offer support to Lily through difficulties, console her after receiving nasty letters from Petunia or listen to her ranting about Potter and Black. At the beginning of her seventh year, Lily had no support system ready to help her pick up the pieces when her life unexpectedly shattered around her on that early Saturday morning in September. Lily's delicate footsteps echoed quietly as she walked. She absent-mindedly grabbed her mail from the Owlery on her way to a breakfast of eggs and toast. Dropping her fork, Lily finally set down her book and looked at her mail. Her eyes unfocused for a minute as she basked in the warm, gentle sunlight. The Great Hall was nearly empty at 7 am and the quiet was a relaxing change. Eyes refocusing on the letter before her, Lily sighed and braced herself as she saw it addressed from her now-married-sister. Petunia's scathing letters were uncommon now. Apparently, gossiping about her neighbors was equally entertaining as insulting her "stuck-up, lunatic sister." Lily was surprised to find only a single, small slip of paper, the note carelessly scribbled on. Freak, It is my obligation to tell you- you killed our parents. They died in a car crash driving home from dropping you off at the train station for your nutjob school. They would be alive if you were normal. Don't come home at Christmas, I never want to see you again. Don't come to the funeral. Petunia. The room's temperature seemed to drop ten degrees. Shock froze Lily's body, the paper trembled in her hands. The cheery sunlight seemed to mock her when moments ago she had found comfort in its warmth. Snape, one of the few people awake, noticed Lily's reaction. He grasped at a chance to make her feel as rejected as she begat in him. He thought, if she understood the feeling, she might forgive him. "Is Lily upset because her sister doesn't like her?" Snape mocked in a baby voice before his voice was overtaken by sharp, cold annoyance. "Honestly Evans, grow up already." Her chair screeched against the floor, Lily turned without responding, and walked briskly out, attempting to maintain composure despite the urge to flee. Lily retreated, her head down and Snape snickering behind her. She brushed past somebody, who was entering the Great Hall, knocking their shoulder. She couldn't be bothered to look up or even apologize to the person she bumped into. Had she looked up, she would have that the person was one of her least favorite people at Hogwarts, Black. Smirking to himself, Black saw Lily's hunched, retreating figure and Snape's vindictive grin. Remembering the prediction he made about Snape on their first train-ride; Black noticed his opportunity to prove its truth to Lily. Lily had shunned his offer of friendship so long ago in favor of this heartless boy who now stood leering at her hunched back. Leaving his breakfast for later, Black jogged after Lily, finally catching up when she stopped in a small corridor. "So I guess I was right about Snape; looks like in the end you should have chosen us?" Black mocked raising an eyebrow, clearly pleased with himself. He mocked her refusal of his friendship which started more six years prior, with disdain. "Shut up," she howled through a choked sob. Her anger released the unwilling tears, allowing them to stubbornly flow in spite of her best efforts to hold them back. Cold eyes narrowed as she hissed, "You don't understand. You're a self-centered, spoiled, bully who can't stop for one second to consider how other people feel. You stand there proudly while you torment and humiliate people who you don't even know." She paused for a deep breath. Her quavering voice grew stronger, sharper, and angrier. "Do you understand what it's like to be hated by your only living family? Do realize what it's like to lose the only friend who ever truly understood you? To lose him because he was driven away by bullies? You did that," she accused. The pure fury in her eyes, the rage and hurt that oozed out of her was enough for Black to feel his resolve falter. She continued, "If you took one look around you, you would realize, not everybody's life is perfect like yours." Lily would have kept going if Black hadn't cut her off, his arrogance was replaced with bone-chilling bitterness that seemed to suck the warmth from the room. "Spoiled? Perfect life?" he gave an acrid laugh, eyes flashing. "You act as if you're defending the world from my torment, as if I'm the epitome of injustice. You claim that I judge people before I know them. Yet you judge me ." It felt good to defend himself after so long. "I know what it feels like to be hated by my family better than you could ever imagine. My parents take pleasure in causing me as much pain as possible without killing. They cursed me until the edge of insanity, or death, whichever came first. Then they healed me, just enough to keep me ready for the next round. Sometimes when they felt like curses weren't slow enough, they resorted to Muggle means–the belt, dagger and razor were some favorites but they weren't above burns and starvation. I was 14 when James first discovered the cuts and bruises. James put the pieces together, and the Potters offered me a place in their home, and I haven't had to return to my family since. You have the nerve to call me spoiled?" he spat each syllable. Sirius's voice softened, "When I first met you, I hardly spoke because I was concealing panic. I worried people might see through my act, notice my secret. I was pretending that the school robes didn't itch at scabs, sting against open wounds and that the shirt's collar didn't feel like my father's hands closing around my neck. But it did, it itched and it stung and I felt like my windpipe was slowly being closed off," he