"Fall back!" Zhang boomed, lowering his spear and relaxing as the last monster fell to dust. Reyna relaxed and removed her helmet as her legion retreated slowly, leaving she and Frank Zhang standing side by side just across the Little Tiber. "Did that attack look organized to you?" Reyna squinted as the wind scattered the ashes of the huge mass of monsters that had attacked New Rome minutes before. "They came in waves, like they were trying to overwhelm us." Zhang shook his head, he had grown in confidence and size since the last war he had fought the previous year, and with Reyna's guidance, he had blossomed as a leader as well. "The problem we have is that those monsters acted like, well, monsters. Sometimes they take on patterns like that accidentally. It's hard to tell with them." Reyna nodded. "Monsters are bloodthirsty and selfish, they attack demigods as feverishly as Percy attacks food. They're never organized, but that formation was just too precise to be accidental." Zhang turned to Reyna uncertainly. "What should we do? Monster attacks in general have nearly tripled in the last month. I mean, I understand the Hunters and company are still trying to round them all up, but this is almost ridiculous. Not to mention these mass attacks are starting to resemble organized strategy. This is going to be problematic soon." The two children of war stood facing the battleground, meditating upon the strategy of the enemy, as they always did after a battle such as this. Reyna spoke again, trying to reassure Zhang. "I think we can handle this, but we need to act. Our legionnaires are getting demoralized, I'd say three more battles like this and we'll have protesting on our hands." Zhang nodded. "Let's go back to camp, I want to map out that battlefield." Reyna rather liked that about Frank Zhang; he was just as interested in the enemy's strategy as his own, something Reyna struggled to get Octavian and Jason to understand. "Once we map that out maybe it will give us some sort of insight into their patterns." Zhang removed his helmet and turned to Reyna, he was no longer a boy built like an ox with the face of a child; he was a man that truly gave Reyna difficulty in sparring, a feat not many can claim. They calmly made their way back to the Praetors' quarters, a small cabin-like building, one wing Reyna resided in and the other Zhang inhabited. There was a room they used as a joint office in the center of the house. It had no windows, in fact it rather resembled the White House Crisis Room. Reyna took a seat before a scattering of papers while Zhang rolled a large dry erase white board to the front of the room and drew two lines, labelling them the Little Tiber. Zhang then drew a series of circles, arrows, and X's on their side of the river. "So this is us, how I directed the army, this is to combat these Monster Maneuvers." Reyna smirked. "Is the alliteration necessary?" "Accidental, but I think I'll keep it." Zhang smiled. "Anyway, this is the main force, meeting us head on down the middle, not a surprising move seeing as that is where the majority of our forces were located. I had the second cohort, as it's mostly Mars kids move around back and pressure them, but the monsters retaliated by scattering their lines and creating an almost Greek style with the phalanx. But a more monster like way, they didn't lock shields, but they had the more impervious monsters towards the front and the longer range monsters towards the middle, attacking over the heads of its fellows. You're right, Reyna, this is way too organized to be just some monster surge." Zhang stepped back to observe his drawing. Reyna sat back and sighed. "This is not good. Monsters don't just organize you know? Like in the Titan and Giant war, the monsters organized together under some leader." Zhang stared at her. "Are you saying someone is purposefully attacking New Rome?" Reyna sighed again, rubbing her temples. "It's the only logical explanation, Frank. I think the best thing we can do is to talk to the Greeks, see if they're having similar problems." Zhang nodded and walked over to the other side of the table. "We need to talk to the Senate of course." "I don't think we should just consult with the Greeks. I think we should talk to their Oracle, uh, Rachel Dare right?" "Rachel Elizabeth Dare, I don't suggest making that mistake around her, she'll skin you alive." "She didn't seem that hostile to me." Reyna smiled. Zhang shrugged and picked up one of the papers. "So you think we should actually consult the Greek oracle about this?" "I want to go personally, I think you can handle camp alone for a few days while I go to Camp Half Blood, consult with Chiron, Dare, and Jason. I could take a small group of Probatios and make a quest out of it, see about getting some of those Probatios we have sitting around up to legionnaire status. With these monsters surging the way they are we're going to need every able body we've got." Reyna crossed her arms. "How many casualties have we had in the last few weeks?" Zhang consulted the paper he was holding. "Uh, not many apparently, and none today." Reyna scrunched her eyebrows together. "That's strange. Here, take a look at this report from one of our guards." She picked up another paper towards her left. "It says, 'Three Gorgons dispatched with four arrows, one Gorgon screamed as he disintegrated 'Cursed shall be the Traitor of Death.' Neither guard understood the meaning of the statement.'" Zhang stared for a moment. "Traitor of Death?" "I don't make sense of it. That's why I want to consult with Dare, maybe she knows something about the Traitor of Death." Zhang nodded. "Okay, you've convinced me. This makes no sense and I think we're going to need all of the help we can get. You want to lead this quest?" Reyna nodded. "I want to be there, I'd send others off, but I don't want some legionnaire going off and finding out something sensitive and spreading it around. Besides, if we have a traitor among us… I don't want to risk anyone other than you or me, or perhaps even Hazel Levesque, going off on this quest." "Speaking of Hazel, this Traitor of Death, perhaps it's someone who has escaped Death? Hazel was dead for nearly sixty years before her brother, Nico, brought her out of the Fields of Asphodel. She quite literally escaped Death. Perhaps she's the Traitor of Death? You know, betraying Thanatos by leaving the Underworld." Zhang proposed. Reyna leaned forward. "That's a possibility, Frank. Since it's a possibility, I suggest you prepare yourself, should something happen, if these monsters are after her… New Rome may have to make some sacrifices." For a moment Zhang looked thunderously angry. "No-" He stopped himself. "I don't-" Reyna laid a hand on his clenched fist. "It would be a last resort of course, but like you said, it's a possibility. I just want you to be prepared for the worst, but hope for the best, you know? Maybe we're taking this too literally, I don't know. This is a situation that truly calls for Oracle consultation, since we've lost our only Augur." Honestly, Reyna wasn't too heartbroken over the death of Octavian, he had made her life truly difficult, but at the same time, his sight was true and right about now they needed that. Zhang calmed almost immediately, though he was obviously still shaken. "I'm sorry, it's just when it comes to Hazel I'm going to have to forfeit my say in the decisions. I'll be emotionally compromised." Reyna smiled sympathetically. "I understand." Zhang sighed yet again, rubbing his temples. "Well, that's one step down, we know what needs to be done, but the trick lies in getting the Senate to back us." Reyna rolled her eyes. "I think they'll be okay with it, though hesitant about letting one of their Praetors go at such a dangerous time." "Especially you, look, I know I'm capable, you do too. But the Senate still sees me as that baby-faced Frank Zhang who couldn't manage to hold a sword properly, let alone lead an army alone. They'll be hesitant to let one of us go, but they'll be downright protestant at letting you go off. Gods, would they let you go with Probatios no less!" Zhang set his head in his hands. "Relax about what they might say and focus on what we'll say." Reyna reassured. "Tackle each problem one at a time." Zhang smiled. "Gee, Reyna, how did you manage running this place alone for so long?" Reyna chuckled, though internally she winced a bit. "I had a lot of migraine medication and some really good anxiety coping skills." Zhang laughed. "Okay, should we call the meeting soon or…?" "We call it tomorrow. Take tonight to rest and plan, I'll talk to Camp Half Blood tonight." Reyna sighed. "Traitor of Death, that's going to eat at me. I think we should keep all of this between the two of us. We'll keep as much as we can from the Senate. I've got a feeling that this case is going to be sensitive." "Anytime there's a traitor of any sort involved it's a sensitive case. I guess we should come clean right here, I haven't been betraying anybody, how about you?" Reyna chuckled. "No, I haven't been doing anything of the sort." Zhang smirked a little and looked back towards his papers. "Tomorrow then, we get the approval of the Senate. When do you plan to leave?" Reyna sat back. Preferably tomorrow, but I'll have to wait until the day after tomorrow. I'll need to choose my Probatios. I think I'll have another Legionnaire as well, it always helps to have a veteran train them. I think Grayson Marx would make a good partner. He's a level headed Son of Apollo, incredible with a bow and arrow, strong, and sets the younger kids at ease. I'm caught between a few long time Probatios and a couple of unclaimed new ones. I want them young, get them into Legionnaire status as soon as possible so they can start training with their cohorts in full." Zhang nodded. "While you're gone I'll take on getting whatever Probatios are left promoted. I have a feeling I'll be spending a lot of time in the sparring ring." Reyna smiled. "You sound almost disappointed, Frank, I take it you don't quite like your father's field?" Zhang shook his head. "It's not that, I've just never been truly comfortable in my own skin you know?" Reyna smiled. "Everybody feels that way, trust me." "You don't seem to." Zhang grumbled. "Anyway, I'll be working on individual fighting, and then I'll see about getting the Centurions together to train them in some basic maneuvers." "Good, don't forget about War Games day after tomorrow, I'll be gone by then, but I think you can handle it after that legendary win of yours." Reyna winked, smirking at Zhang. He blushed a bit. "I- uh, I still can't quite believe that that was me." Reyna rolled her eyes but smiled none the less. "You're so modest." "Of all the times for a Praetor to leave!" One of the Senators yelled out at Reyna and Zhang. Reyna stood to pace the floor, if there was anything Octavian taught her it's how to ensnare the simple minded with her words. "If I stay, we entrust the fate of New Rome in the hands of much less qualified demigods, and we do not have the bodies to spare to send a stronger group." She turned to face the other side of the room. "With the attacks getting stronger by