When it happened, Harry's ears were still popping from the aeroplane. Otherwise he'd have heard. He and the honorary British delegation had landed in Muggle Bern hours earlier and been whisked by silent cars with opaque windscreens through the center of the city and into a wizarding enclave, and they'd done all the arrival things since then—they'd lugged their trunks up to their rooms, had famous things pointed at by well-meaning hosts, washed up and dressed for the dinner. But Harry had never flown the Muggle way before, and he was still groggy from the flight. In the moment before everything happened he'd admitted it to Hermione, told her he still felt completely underwater. She'd said she had a pill for that, somewhere in her ridiculous handbag, but then everything had gotten very loud. # It had taken a while to break Harry's resolve. It had taken a while, and three regal, angry-looking owls attached to gruff letters from Kingsley, and five extemporaneous lectures from Hermione on the Wizarding League's place in the history and stability of Wizarding Europe (in the wake of the final, deadliest Goblin Rebellion, Harry, which was still you understand only a harbinger of what might happen without such a body). It had taken all that before Harry agreed to spend a week back in his old solemn life as part of the honorary delegation. (The theme of the weekend was "Embracing Magical Modernity At History's End," with a very long subtitle that seemed to change every time Harry heard it.) Neville and Dean had told him it would be like a vacation, a wild vacation, attached to a few boring speeches, and that he was taking it too seriously. Hermione had told him how seriously he would be taken. It had only been a year since Hogwarts had fallen down around him, but Harry'd tried to explain to Kingsley, by way of the restless leg of each regal owl, that it already felt much longer. He'd tried to tell Hermione that there was really no offseason as such for seekers in Quidditch's first division. He'd tried to tell Ernie Macmillan that he had no real use for politics, no matter how much weight his name might carry. Finally, though, he'd given the last nonplussed Ministry owl a curt note, and he'd steeled himself for Hermione's extemporaneous hug, and he'd allowed Ernie the smug self-satisfaction of believing he'd convinced the Wizard Who Won to get into politics—to "really do some good in the world," Ernie had told him, deadly serious. # Harry had never seen anything like the Wizarding League's reception hall. It was severe and Scandinavian-looking on the outside—the International Style, Hermione had called it—and the ceiling high over Harry's head stood in perfect opposition to Hogwarts's dusky charmed sky, a white rectangle funneled toward a vanishing point far behind the big windows that made up the far wall and showed the tops of a copse of trees and the Swiss hills in the distance. "It feels… cold in here," Harry said. "In this part of Europe, for this kind of building, ornamentation is the unforgivable curse, magic or no magic." Hermione bit her lower lip down into a little frown. "They won't say it to our face, but Wizarding Europe finds our magical community hopelessly provincial." "I reckon that's their problem, and not ours." Hermione gave a nearly imperceptible mm-hmm and waved her ridiculous handbag at him. Her face changed, as though she remembered they weren't gossiping alone but in a room filled with a hundred dignitaries. "If we're going to play dress-up," she said, sounding a little nervous, "I suppose we should at least act the part of mature, boring diplomats, right? After you." She was wearing a sleek, glittering dress, which she fussed with, every so often, in anxious, un-ladylike ways. "You look—fine, natural," Harry said to her, again. "I'm the one in rented Muggle eveningwear." "I feel as if I'm playing House. United Nations House, I mean. I look—thank you, Harry—with this ridiculous handbag, and—" reaching her free hand up around her shoulders she took a final inventory of the dress's straps. "Maybe if I filled it out like an adult. Merlin ." At that Harry tilted his gaze up over her head, into the middle distance, but she took it for boredom rather than modesty. "If I've exhausted Harry Potter's reserve of polite compliments I'm in real trouble," she said, and then quickly, before he could respond, "only it's difficult walking around in evening dress knowing I'm mostly the same species as Fleur." Not that either of them had seen the French delegation yet. They'd been watching for them because France was as near as Britain got to having an ally in the Wizarding League—so near that Harry and Hermione, who'd been treated mostly like figureheads, had received what amounted to a briefing about them. Kingsley had told them about the French—that is, he had told Dean about the French, and Dean had told Hermione that they were brusque and dismissive but willing to listen and worth the trouble, and then Harry that he should stand very quietly with a neutral facial expression, like he did, and fume inwardly when the topic got away from Quidditch. Harry knew, mostly from Dean on the plane, that Kingsley and Durand, the French ambassador, had been talking for some time, since before the pureblood bailout had become necessary. Durand was old enough to know Grindelwald, and from there to know to know what Voldemort had represented, and so Kingsley had told Dean (who'd told Harry) that Durand was a silly ass and a pompous, bigoted fop, but one they could work with. Nicolas Deniaud, his deputy, was only old enough to see Voldemort and have no idea why a dark lord, a real dark lord, would respect national borders so slavishly. He was very smart, and not at all silly, and it was Dean's job to keep him away from Durand while Kingsley talked to the pompous bigoted fop they could work with. Dean who had glided into place beside them, looking like he'd been born in tails. "Who knew it would be so easy to miss dress robes, right? But the two of you shouldn't be having nearly so much trouble as Ernie, and he's already mastered the bow-tie." "I have, thank you," Ernie said, looking as though he imagined he looked like he'd been born in tails. "Only had to watch Dean do it once." "It's just odd," Harry said. "Like I'm in a room full of Muggles with magic wands." "I'm fond of it, personally," Ernie sniffed. "Wizarding Europe proves that we needn't be beholden to tradition to be real wizards. Pureblood, Muggleborn—they hardly know the terms. Now I believe the dinner is about to begin." He gave a stiff bow and walked in measured strides to their table, where Kingsley and Neville were making small talk. When he was out of earshot Dean turned back to Harry and Hermione. "I can't wait to see him use that line on the French delegation." "And the Spanish delegation," Harry said. "And the German delegation, and the Bulgarian delegation..." # There was a speech by the General Secretary of the Wizarding League ("Embracing Magical Modernity at History's End: A Future Beyond States and Status") that Harry got through only by hyperfocusing on mimicking Ernie's ram-rod posture, and then a dinner he got through only by focusing on the courses he could recognize. Then, just as Harry was about to ask her if she didn't feel like getting some air, too, there was Ernie asking Hermione what she thought of the speech. There had been lots of moments like that in the last months—Harry and Hermione about to talk, except for everything else that was happening around them. But she had been pleasant, on the aeroplane, and relaxed, and that was new—or else he could no longer read her mind by watching the ways she fidgeted, pushing herself back into her thoughts. That would also be new. "These people," Ernie said, "they're remarkable! Nearly all of them pureblood and you wouldn't even know it." Hermione looked thoughtful for a moment. "It all sounded very fine." "Gram doesn't trust them," Neville said. "She'll have to," Kingsley said. "If we can't convince the rest of the League that the Death Eaters and their ilk are a problem—that the reconstruction of Wizarding Britain must be a priority—your grandmother won't have many trustworthy Britons left to gossip with." From across the table Blaise Zabini sniffed. Neville's hand closed tight around his glass. "Excuse me?" Harry let his wand-hand slip beneath the tabletop. "Please, Zabini, finish your thought." Everyone fell silent. Ernie was the only one who seemed unaffected—when the time came to talk to people who could be reasonably expected to talk back his plan had always been to conclude any outstanding speeches and drink, and he put it into action with an admirable attention to detail. A few beats passed and Harry felt, in the quiet, as though the rest of the delegations had begun inching their tables closer to Britain's and tut-tutting in the International Style. This, he supposed, was what they expected from Wizarding Britain. Hermione put her own hands on the table and attempted, perfunctorily, to clear her throat. "Harry, please—Blaise, if you're going to say something, please just say it. You're a member of the delegation." "I'm just—not surprised to see that the Minister's reliance on scare tactics and bogeymen crosses national boundaries." "Finally," Dean said. "Money talks." Kingsley sighed, and that was all of it. He had clashed in this way so frequently since his appointment that his allies pitied him and his opponents had written him off; what was left was ash, and smoke, and the crackling and smoldering of old arguments and rivalries. Forks scratched tensely over fine china a few minutes longer. Harry was testing his posture again when the party finally broke up, preparing to test Ernie's plan for surviving this sort of thing, when Ernie—looking more tipsy than drunk—asked him to hold tight for a moment while he got a very important person. # Twenty minutes passed before the important person arrived. Ernie was already locked in conversation with his quarry; he seemed amazed at his own ability to explain complex geopolitical issues to professional diplomats. Harry stood up. He began to bow then had second thoughts, leaving him bent over at a slight angle, but Ernie's drinking had made him excellent camouflage for any diplomatic discomfort Harry may have felt. He turned to the table and said, one hand reaching absently for the ambassador's lapel, "For a hero—of course it was a local matter, pr'marily, born of reg-g-gional prejdis—for a hero he's really quite modest, Harry P-Potter. And Her-mynee, here. The Ambassador, Jean Durand." Ernie was reaching for the lapel of a man in his early thirties who didn't seem at all foppish—a dark, thin functionary who smiled at them because it was the thing he was supposed to do, not because their friend was about to tip over and slide down his tux. "Deputy Deniaud, I think," Harry said. Deniaud nodded. Ernie's eyes widened for a moment, but—already Harry could hear him narrating the story, unaware he and Hermione had been sitting there, the next morning; "I picked up on it in a hurry, of course—kind of smoothed it out, improvised, you see." Here in the moment he smoothed the deputy's lapels over, stood up very straight, paused between them for a moment, and walked back to the bar. "Harry Potter, of course," Deniaud said. "Ambassador Durand tells me we all owe you a debt." "I didn't realize he was a Quidditch fan," Harry said. Deniaud didn't seem to have enough information to put the little joke together, but Hermione laughed, a little aggressively, to suggest Harry'd been right to make it. "And you," Deniaud said. "Ms. Hermione Granger, yes?" "Y-yes," Hermione said, and