AN: Hey y'all. I am reposting this because it got pulled a while back :) Thank you to my prereaders, Kerrfrano and Delphius Fanfic, and to my beta, Layne Faire. They make my writing readable :) Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight. I own this fic. Dedicated to Kerrfrano JPOV In the many, many years of my existence, I had never been drawn to anyone. I had heard that every vampire had a mate somewhere, but I didn't truly believe it until I met Carlisle and Esme. They were mates in every sense of the word. They loved each other deeply and protected each other fiercely. It was an amazing thing to witness. During the 1800's, I was turned by Maria, an awful, vengeful, bloodthirsty woman whose only desire in life was power. She was the one who told me about mates, and she truly thought I was hers. I wasn't. I knew I wasn't, because in the army Maria created to kill and conquer, I had a friend named Peter, who had found his mate, but lost her. He explained to me how finding your mate truly felt, and I know I never felt that way for Maria. After too long in Maria's army, I grew bored, and tired. I wasn't happy with my existence, with the way she was so intent on gaining land and turning everyone she could. She wanted to make a vampire nation, but I knew I could never be content that way. I had no regrets when I killed her and fled. I had to get away from the carnage; it was eating me alive. I had a yearning to be a good person, if such a thing could be possible, being a vampire. After wandering around from country to country, I found myself in the United States, in Texas, the original place of my birth. It was the 1940's by then, and I lived content for most of a decade, holed up in a small cabin and enjoying the night life, until I met Miss Alice Brandon. She sure was something, sitting in a diner that I happened to wander into to get out of the pouring rain. When she addressed me by my given name, I was shocked, and found myself talking to her for hours on end. Miss Brandon told me her story and I told her mine. She had woken up in a mental asylum a vampire. She had no knowledge of who turned her or why. I reckoned that had to be an awful way to find out. She guessed she had been put in the asylum because of her visions of the future, and I was surprised when she told me our meeting wasn't by accident. According to her, there was a family in Forks, Washington, who would be willing to take us in as adopted children. She said they would teach us their way of life, which was not to prey on humans. They drank animal blood. The idea was absurd to me, and I laughed, much to Miss Brandon's chagrin. I had only ever fed on humans, and couldn't imagine drinking anything else. Vampires were meant to drink human blood, not animals. Besides, the only humans I ever drained were offenders of some sort: murderers, rapists, and the like. Never did I take the life of an innocent, not even with Maria. I was told that I would go with her, we would be welcomed with open arms, and I would adapt to drinking the animal blood. When I asked Miss Brandon why I was expected to go to Forks, she stunned me with two words. "Your mate." Ah, Maria had told me about mates once. She said that the reason vampires have mates is so we don't have to be alone for eternity. I asked her how I would know when I found mine, and she told me that with one look into the person's eyes, the world would cease to exist except him or her. Of course, I wondered if she had been feeding me lies, but now, with Miss Brandon telling me I would find my mate in Forks, I knew I would go with her, just to see if she was right. "How do you know that?" I had asked, and she just smiled and tapped her temple. We left shortly thereafter, when the rain stopped, making our trek to Forks. During our travels, Alice tried to get me to dine on animals, and I did a few times, but found the blood to be lacking, always leaving me with a slight burning in the back of my throat. Of course, when I could, I indulged in human blood, which sated me like nothing else. Alice always chastised me for partaking, but the pull to drink from them was too strong. When we arrived in Forks, I immediately understood why Carlisle and Esme Cullen had chosen that place to reside. It was gloomy and cloudy, with almost constant rain, which allowed us to be outside in the daytime. No, the sun didn't burn us, but caused a reaction with our skin that would make humans easily see that we were different. I often wondered how anyone could want to live in such a place. We found out the Cullens had already 'adopted' one daughter, a willowy blonde by the name of Rosalie Hale. Esme and Carlisle were hoping she would be my mate, but she wasn't. Alice told everyone that I would find my mate in time, and that person would be worth waiting for. The Cullens, Alice, Rosalie, and I spent time getting to know one another, and they helped me overcome my thirst for humans. It was still there, buried deep inside, but I could control it for the most part. Once, while hunting with my untraditional 'family', we came upon a human in the woods. He had been mauled almost to death by a bear and, after one look at the poor soul, Rosalie was pleading with Carlisle to help him. Carlisle wasted no time in taking him back to our house and, deeming the human's injuries too severe to try to heal, changed him. Carlisle bringing that human into our house was the worst temptation I had had in a long time, and Alice had to take me away while he changed. His name was Emmett McCarty, and as we got to know each other, he grew to be a loving brother. After my time of being with Maria, being alone, I realised that I was missing something, and I started to long to find my mate. Alice stressed to me over and over that my mate would be near before I knew what happened, but it didn't help the endless days and nights of wondering and wanting. I saw Emmett and Rosalie together, along with Esme and Carlisle, and I had to admit I was jealous of them. We had arrived in Forks in 1956, and I remained alone for decades after. For forty years, we alternated between hiding in Forks and staying with the Denali coven in Alaska. By the mid 2000's, Esme was getting tired of all the moving and told Carlisle she wanted a permanent home. That's how we ended up residing semi permanently in Forks. Then, on one fateful day in 2008, my life was changed forever. ~/\oOo/\~ It was January of 2008, the beginning of the new semester at Forks High. Rosalie, Emmett, Alice, and I were all going to school for the first time, in our Junior year, to keep up appearances. Carlisle was working at Forks Hospital, and Esme was staying home, painting and doing whatever she does while we're gone. It was a Monday, it was raining, and we arrived to school as we usually did, in Emmett's Jeep. The school day started out as it usually did, all of us staying together and as far away from everyone else as we could. Alice was getting on my nerves; her anxiety and excitement were through the roof. She informed us of the new students that were going to be there, but I really didn't care. It would be more humans around to give us funny looks. Even though she had talked about them almost non-stop, letting us know that one was a boy and the other was a girl, brother and sister, we had yet to see them. When he bell rang signaling the beginning of first period, I was happy to go, if only to get away from Alice's energy. I had a feeling it was going to be a long day. My first and second classes were droll. The kids in the class kept talking about the newcomers, trying to get any information about them that they could. I found it boring. Rosalie shared my third class with me, Spanish, and we sat together in the back of the room. When the teacher had given us our work for the day, Rose leaned slightly toward me, mumbled, "I saw them," low enough for only my ears to hear. "So?" I answered her, wondering why she was telling me. "Oh nothing," she teased, and I shot her a glare. She was acting just like Alice had that morning. When Spanish was over, we went to lunch, getting food but only picking at it while we sat at our usual table in the corner. There was a commotion at one of the nearby tables, and that's when I saw them: the new kids. They were sitting with their backs to us. The girl had brown hair just past her shoulders and the boy looked to be quite tall, with short, copper colored hair. They didn't seem that fantastic to me, although I did notice that the boy had a fine ass. Alice and Rosalie sat giggling like they knew something I didn't. They probably did. Heaving a sigh that I really didn't need, I wished for the day to be over. My fourth class was Biology, and I was lucky enough to have a lab table all to myself. No one wanted to sit with the strange pale kid, and that was fine with me. There was a girl named Jessica in the class, and she was the school's resident loudmouth. Her irritating voice brought me out of my thoughts and I looked toward the door. She was leading the new boy in, chatting in his ear, and he looked extremely uncomfortable. I had to smile a bit to myself at that. Jessica passed by me, giving me a glare, as she went to her table, and the new boy talked with Mr. Molina. I was a little taken aback when I heard Mr. Molina tell him to sit with me, but readied myself for the torture. When the boy, Edward Masen was his name, looked up to see where I was sitting, his eyes locked on mine at the same time the oscillating fan blew in my direction. It felt like the whole world shifted under me and nothing else in the entire world existed but him. Edward. He smelled so delicious, I managed to restrain myself by gripping the edges of the lab table. Venom was pooling in my mouth, urging me to mark him, taste him, change him, and make him mine. In that instant, I knew he was my mate. If I had the need for oxygen, I wouldn't have been able to take any in. That...boy...a human...was the only one who could make my existence complete, and he had no idea. I needed to talk to Carlisle, right away. When my...Edward...sat next to me at the table, the urge to take him by the arm and lead him out to the surrounding woods so I could claim him was so strong. I had to use every bit of my self control to keep myself in check. His scent was all around me, torturing me insufferably, and