Hunted as a game And now for something utterly, completely, off the scale level of different. For one, this is my first story without being based in Sonic lore. Second this is going (hopefully) to be a much more serious endeavour for me. So much so that I won't be writing as author at the end of this chapter, or in any chapter until the very end of the story. So I'll say now make sure to review and leave compliments or criticism of the chapters. And as a disclaimer nothing which you are about to see written about is mine, only the circumstances are. With that out of the way, here's your big Lore friendly Super-Hero crossover in a hunger games. Chapter one- He who stalks the night Brus Wain was one of the most fortunate children in the entire district system. His parents Tomas and Marta, were the two most high ranked people there as the mayoral family of District one. They had money, food out of their ears and safety with the peacekeepers by their side at all times. They weren't shy either, every month they would go to the school and organise a feast for everyone who worked slavishly away. The people of District one was happy with them as the mayoral family. At the time of every game the Wain's would have the same look of thinly veiled sadness and grief at the loss of another child or two children. If one came back the Family would put on a huge celebration for the cameras of the capitol, but after the cameras had been taken away, the Entire district would mourn the one who was lost, and a day of silence would be taken in respect for the family. Brus was always angry when the lottery for the children came up. Some of them were his age, most of them, he knew. It was no lottery he concluded. A lottery has a prize to be won. No this selection was what he called 'Capitol Roulette' where you risk it every year to stay alive, but the house always wins. Brus was also angry that he couldn't go. If given the chance he would volunteer as tribute for every single one of those who went up, in every district. All this giving up of life, for what? Surely the Capitol had received their revenge with the very first games. Never will Brus take one himself, never; even if he could be put in the games, which he can't do. Apparently he's a 'media darling' and the people of the Capitol would be horrified to have him in the arena. Why is what they think important anyway? But, life was life, and for most of the year Brus was happy with his life. But as the month of December rolled around... It was the usual feast affair, but with the added occasion of the end of the year, the feast was turned into a night of revelry and fun. People dancing in the streets hours after the curfew, and that were only because of the peacekeepers joining in. After the stroke of midnight, the Wain family started to return to their home in the District hall, and then a voice came out. "Hands to your wallets friends." Said a cool slippery voice. "The pearls on the lady first." Tomas Wain turned around, and with all he could muster said a simple "No." He continued with "I don't know who you are, or what you've done, but please leave us alone. At the very least, don't take the pearls." "No dice, I need everything you got and I know you can afford it, so do as I say and give me the pearls, then your money now." Brus' father reached for his wallet, and put it in the greedily outstretched hand of the mugger; suddenly Tomas grabbed his arm and pulled him close, head-butting the robber and prepared to punch when... ...The shot echoed off the walls... Brus was in a complete state of shock, unable to move, as if frozen. Marta Wain meanwhile rushed to the corpse of her husband screaming bloody murder. Then the murderer took his second life of the night, to keep her quiet. The man took the pearls off of her dead body, took her purse and Tomas' wallet. Then looked straight in the eye of young Brus and said with a smirk: "Sorry kid, but that's life for you." He ran off into the winter fog of the street where Brus couldn't see him; it was then that Brus let his emotions show, he collapsed on the floor crying every bit of moisture he could out of his eyes. He was so far gone he had completely missed the fact that peacekeepers had been on the scene since the man started running. Most were worried about apprehending the now wanted convict. But one man saw the crumpled up eight year old on the floor and knelt down, took of his coat and wrapped the boy gently in it. This brought young Brus back into the real world. He was now in the Peacekeeper building for District one, still clenching the coat and sobbing silently. Everywhere was chaos, the cold murder of the most beloved mayor and his wife that the district, maybe the entire country, had ever had was huge news. The Peacekeepers were busy looking for details at the scene, contacting the Capitol about what to do next, and interrogating the young boy who served as the only witness who saw the man's face. Brus told them everything he could remember, reliving the worst moment of his live over and over again. And now he sat, on a bench in the entrance to the building, hugging the coat on a cold December night. And then something warm smelling came to his attention, he looked down the hall, and the man who gave him his coat, was there. Smiling a fake, though comforting smile while holding a mug of hot chocolate. He seemed to be a young man but already looked war-beaten, his eyes deep and sincere, a moustache giving him a knowledgeable look. The man sat down next to Brus and offered him the mug. After taking it, the man proceeded to talk. "Are you alright?" Brus shot him a glare. "No need to answer that, stupid question." Brus then asked the one question the man hoped never to be asked. "Do you know the man, who did it?" The man replied "Yes. He was caught by the bakery owner breaking into the pharmacists. He managed to slip away." "Then why didn't you try to find him?" The man paused for a long time; Brus had more of his drink while staring at the wall. "I... don't know, but I'll tell you this, I promise that I will hunt this man down and make him pay for what he did, to you." The young boy finally stopped looking at the wall to look the man in the face. "What's your name?" He felt that, if this man really was going to dedicate himself to finding his parents killer, he would need to know his name in order to thank him. "Gordon, but you can call me Jym." The boy tried to look him in the eye to say thank you, but his gaze sank to the floor. "Thank you Jym, for the coat, the drink, and... Everything else." Tears started to drip from his face to the floor. "You're welcome. And sorry about everything; including what the other men did to you with the questioning. You shouldn't have been put through all that." With that Jym walked back into the heart of the building, leaving Brus to sit there, crying while drinking a hot chocolate with a coat around him on a cold December night. Two years later Brus was in the very alley way where his childhood ended. Placing a rose given to him by the new mayor's wife. Life in the district tried to go on. The feasts continued but were much more sober affairs. Brus didn't even bother going to the End-of-year one, instead he came to the alley in remembrance. He had been taken in by one of the former champions Al-Fred, but he preferred everyone to call him 'Pennyworth', as that's what he viewed the average life to be worth since the start of the Hunger Games. Everyone was very accommodating and respectful of young Brus' privacy. But all Brus wanted to do was to fade away, become a nobody, there had been no improvement over finding the killer. Most assumed that after something this big he had slipped through the fence and was on his way to another district to wreak more havoc, so the general alert had been given and no further fuss had been made. It was then that Brus heard a voice around the corner. "Where the hell are my drugs?" A whimpering voice could be heard saying "There was... No way... They've tightened everything up after the last raid and..." "Shut up!" The first man shouted in complete fury. "If I don't get my drugs, I get all angry, and then nothing will stop me going after your little angel." Brus filled with anger, he picked up a brick and charged around the corner, throwing it straight at the man's head, it connected and he was down on the floor, blood seeping from both temples. The man who was being threatened looked at the person who saved his life, muttered a petrified "thank you" then ran off. Brus had just saved a man, and his child presumably, from being killed by a drug addicted lunatic. But at the cost of that lunatic's life. He looked at his hands, and saw blood appearing on them seeping from his very pores. He had just murdered a man. What now separated him from the snake voiced man who murdered his parents? Nothing. Brus remembered his oath from when he was still a child, that he would never kill another human being. How distant that was, but right now he needed it more than ever. This man, who lay dead before him, would be the last life Brus would end. He had no choice. But the problem was now that he had committed an act of murder. The Peacekeepers would hunt him down and put him up for trial, where the punishment would be death as well. He would have to again follow in the steps of the man who killed his parents by leaving the district if he had a chance of surviving. Quickly he ran back home to the house he had used as home for two years and started to pack anything that would help him out in the wilderness. Pennyworth noticed his young wards strange behaviour but understood what he was doing even if he didn't know why. "Brus... If you intend to leave, I'm coming with you." Brus quickly brushed him off. "No, I go alone." But Al-Fred knew; if he didn't go, the boy would die all too easily. "No Brus, You will need someone there, who can teach you how to survive out of the districts. I'll teach you everything you need to know." With that, the two were off. The guards were a bit... lax with the fencing around the champions' village in the middle of the day as Pennyworth noted, so they were able to crawl under a gap in the fence and were in the wilderness. Over the course of the next few months Brus learned everything that a man would need to survive on his own in the wilderness. Setting snares, using a knife and then had to find a way to get an animal at long range. Brus found that a throwing weapon was his forte. Though throughout his crash course in survival techniques, Brus still found himself guilt ridden after he killed