Moving Forwards "Okay, let's talk," I said. It sounded braver then it felt. He took a deep breath. "Isabella, I'm leaving." I took a deep breath too. What does he mean, where is he going? And surly he counts me in that I'm. "Okay, I'll pack some things-" "No," He stopped me abruptly. "When I say 'I'm' going, I mean just me this time. Look, I don't want to be here anymore, I don't want to be with you anymore. I can't get tied down in this small town and if I'm with you then that's exactly what will happen. You were born for this small, closed in town, but me, I'm better than this. My parents are letting me go and I'm leaving right after this. I just wanted to tell you so you wouldn't go looking for me. We're done, I hope you can find happiness here, but I never can." With one last disgusted look in my direction he turned on his heels and walked away vastly; leaving me standing with a gape mouth in the middle of Forks gushy forest. I wanted to scream for him, call him back and tell him he can't, tell him he can't just leave me, he can't just leave his child. I placed a hand over my abdomen, fright running through my veins. What am I going to do now? I walked home numbly; lucky Charlie went fishing with the guys today. Charlie, how am I supposed to tell him that I was so stupid enough to believe the first boy that ever said he loved me and let him get in my pants? He's going to be so disappointed in me. He might want me to leave. Or he might even ask me to abort my baby, I can't do that, I won't do that. I entered the house, the silence suffocating, and the memories deathly. I just needed help; I need someone to help me, someone who would understand, someone who cares. I need my best friend. I ran up to my room and grabbed my cell. I dialed the only number that I knew someone would always pick up. I dialed the number of my best friend, my sole. "Jake, I'm scared." Eight Years Later "Well this has been an interesting day. Isn't that right Mike?" Lauren Malory sneered as she possessively took hold of Mike Newtons', her boyfriend who- still after eight years- secretly wants me, hand. I bit my lip, stifling a giggle. "It was nice seeing you again Mike, Lauren." I said quickly trying to give them the hint to go away. But of course Lauren didn't get the hint. "So what happened to you before graduation? After Cullen left you just disappeared." I've known Lauren Malory long enough to know that she's only asking to have something to spread around this small dense town, but I was better then that and I'd learnt to speak cryptically around people like her. "I was around." I answered abrasively. She glared at me and from the looks of it she was about to begin fuming. And as if sensing I needed a rescue, my all too loving family walked through the doors of the partially empty dinner. They came over to me, two of them bouncing and one of them looking utterly beat. I smiled brightly as their eyes met mine. "Mom!" Screamed my own personal gift from god; I watched as he ran over, flanked by his little sister, and flung himself into my arms. Just as he buried his face in my chest his sister made it over to me and demanded the same treatment. I looked up at my own personal god and his face seemed to brighten as he looked into my eyes. This man is the best man I've ever known and I love him with all my heart. I can't wait until we make it official, finally. "Hey baby, sorry we're late." Jacob said as he leaned down to place a soft kiss on my lips, and of course our audience was disgusted. "Eww!!" the twins screeched in disgust. Jacob pulled back laughing and I could only smirk and wink at my fake dry heaving kids. "You guys need to get a room." Danny complained while pulling Sara away from us and finding a booth. I laughed and was about to follow them when an icky noise sounded behind us. I think it was a throat clear. Jacob and I turned around only to still see Lauren standing there with Mike. Weird, I thought they would have left. "And who is this?" Lauren asked seductively. I vomited in my mouth a little and I could feel Jacob uncomfortably fidgeting where he stood. I looked over at Mike who, what do you know, was watching me. "This is Jacob Black, my fiancé." I stated proudly, ecstatic about the fact. Jacob looked down at me with the most adoring expression and I melted in my spot. Who knew he would pick me? "Fiance?" Lauren asked, still standing there, in an offhand tone, like she couldn't believe the fact. "Yes, fiancé, and if you'll excuse us we have to get back to our kids. It was nice seeing you guys, maybe we'll see you around." "Definitely." Mike voiced, his lips stretching into a smile so big I thought his face would rip in half. Jacob froze on the side of me. I looked up to see him glaring at Mike. Of course he could séance Mike's 'feelings'. "Well we're going to go." I said pulling Jacob by the arm to the small booth the kids were waiting at. He came willingly enough, still shooting a glare or two at Mikes retreating form. "Jacob." I warned. "I remember that guy; he thought he was your boyfriend. I wanted to snap him like a twig. I bet I can." "I know you can." I laughed. He turned to me, smiling like a goof. "How about we go eat some darn pancakes, and chill with our amazing dry heaving kids?" "Sounds perfect," He grabbed my hand and we made it to the kids quickly. Breakfast went by in a rush of eggs, pancakes and orange juice, and before I knew it we were outside of my fathers' two story house. I haven't been here in years, I think the last time I was here was when Danny and Sara were six months, and that was only to get my things. I moved in with Jake and Billy shortly after. Then Jake and I got a place not long after that. "So," Danny mused. "This guy is our grandfather?" he asked, eyebrows connecting in the middle. I smiled at the familiar face of confusion. I no longer look at my kids and see him . Sure, they have his crook smile and his bronze hair, and sure Danny has his Emerald eyes, but they aren't him. They're Danny Jacob Swan and Sara Carlie Swan, soon to be Black. They're not him, and the moment I realized that was the moment my life began again, the moment I could truly move on, with Jacob. "Yes, he's my dad, and he's really looking forward to meeting you guys. So let's go say hello." They both moved towards each other, grabbing the others hand, because they were nervous. I loved that about my kids, no matter what happened, they always stuck together. That's how siblings are supposed to act and I couldn't be prouder of them. "I'll catch up in a minute." Jacob yelled, walking to the back of the car to fetch the kids and mines bags. It was decided upon by Jacob and myself that for the next few weeks we would be living separate lives to make our honeymoon that much more interesting. Jacob was, of course, grim about the idea at first, but I managed to convince him. And as far as the kids go, for the first week they'll be staying with me at Charlie's and for the second they'll be with Jacob at Billy's. Of course we'll be converting back and forwards throughout those weeks, but that's the sleeping arrangements. They'll love First beach, I'm sure they'll never want to go home again. And Billy will keep them so busy with trivial questions and games that they'll really want to stay there. I'm so happy that he and Charlie agreed to work together and watch the kids while Jacob and I go on our honeymoon. That will be a much needed break. As the kids and I moved towards the house I noticed the curtain on the front door moving anxiously, Charlie. He always did that after he dropped me off at home from a date, or just hanging out together. I shook my head at the memories of my father flicking the light when he would lean in for a kiss. "Now Danny, be nice to your grandfather." I warned for the hundredth time. "Okay mom." He said irritably. I smirked at his all too familiar temper. "Good, and if you're not, you know who you'll have to deal with." He huffed and looked towards his father, who childishly smiled at him, making my warning as weightless as air. "Come on Bells," Jacob began as he walked to my side, the kids and my bags in his right arm. He snaked his left arm around my waist and I relaxed almost instantly into his side. "He's going to behave. The kid is a handful, but he's a good kid, besides, he knows what will disappear if he gives you any trouble. It starts with a X- and ends with a X, weird. I've never noticed that." I laughed, shaking my head at his ignorance. It's a freaking X-box, how could you not notice the 'X's'? "Mom, I promised. I'll behave; besides, I really want him to like me. I want him to stick around so he can know that you didn't make a mistake in having us. That you did a really good job." I gasped and my hands flew to my mouth. That was my seven year old son, who should know nothing about this. "Where did you get all of that stuff from Danny?" He looked down shyly and a little frighten. Oh god, I know that face, eavesdropping. "Danny you haven't been?" "No mom I promise. It's just…you and dad talk loud and sometimes Sara and I can hear you through the walls. I didn't mean to listen, but I couldn't help it." He finished in a small voice. "Oh Danny," I cooed as I got on my knees in front of him. "Mommy's so sorry. I didn't mean for you to hear all of that nonsense. I was just having a little freak out and I said things that I didn't mean. Don't repeat things like that, okay?" He nodded and turned back to face Charlie's house as the front door swung open. I wasn't surprised that Charlie looked exactly the same as how I left him; short brown curls, big chocolate brown eyes, my eyes, my daughters eyes, and his famous chief of police uniform. The old man's refusing to retire. "Jacob," He greeted with a nod in Jakes direction, his eyes planted firmly on me. "Bells," He whispered. That was my undoing. I rushed towards my father, leaping onto the porch and in his arms. "Daddy," I cried into his shoulder as he held me close. "Shush, its okay Bells, you're home. It's all okay now. I've missed you so much kiddo. The food's toxic around here without you." "I've missed you too daddy." After our little moment went on for more then a minute there was a small throat being cleared behind us. "Well," My father said stepping beside me. "These must be the other Swans. I'm Charlie, You must be Danny," He said taking Danny's hand and shaking it firmly. "and you must be Sara."