/ Thanks to Celridel's help my story is now improved. Rain was falling heavily, changing the plain into a mire but she had to move on. She had to reach the shelter of the trees before dusk. She could barely see the edge of the forest, shrouded by the thick veil of cloud. At one point she barely glimpsed something moving, and she reined in her horse. He suddenly stopped, almost throwing her from the saddle, snuffling and nervously grubbing the light soil with his hooves. Up to regain her breath, she spun him in circles, cautiously scouting the surroundings. The orcs had tracked her down before, not just once, despite she dared not make long stops and even rode nearly two clear days with no rest, going the long way around, now heading to the Anduin's shore, now passing through the Dales, hoping to get rid of them without a fight. She ran her fingers through his disheveled mane and patted his withers, then dismounted. She drew her sword of its scabbard from beneath the saddle and without leaving the reins off her hands, grabbed the bridle soundly. She chanced her luck going forward like this for a good while, although the horse didn't know her well enough nor she knew him. A reliable horse would have made the difference if she had woken up cornered by some band of orcs or goblins and there was no doubt this one of her's was totally useless in such situations. In truth, Thranduil forbade her to set off alone, and with all her resistance, he gave her ten worthy soldiers as bodyguard, but they didn't get to cover not even five miles of the road to Lothl贸rien after they passed the Old Ford crossing, for the orcs came in their way. The enemies suddenly gathered around them, and though they were way outnumbered, the bravery of the elves proved to be not entirely in vain. It was then when she understood how great the danger had become, and that the mountain passes must have been heavily guarded by the servants of the Dark Lord, which meant that Thranduil's messengers had certainly failed to overcome Hithaeglir by Cirith Forn en Andrath. The number of the soldiers were almost halved. In the attack, during which she struggled more to keep her horse in place and cover from the strikes of the orcs than to be of any help, and then, after she thought twice, ordered the ones left to turn back home, and well she had done. The slow pace of the horse, his unpredictable habits and the orc spies who had forced her to go aside the road she clearly kept in mind, shook her nerves enough to make her incapable to be patient and to take heed of others council. By now, the dark threatened to fill the valley floor. She left behind the Great River's western shore hollows and rode west. Hearing howls of wolves in the distance, the horse snorted and stepped back, pounding his hooves into the ground. She pulled him reflexively by the bridle, he strongly shook his head and her arm was yanked up. Almost at the same moment she realized the mistake and let go the bridle. Holding only the reins, she took a deep breath and simply stood motionless in front of him. It didn't take long until the snorting turn into short whinnying, and the animal eased, and nuzzled her. She sighed and patted him on the forehead. It was understandable; they were both tired and hungry and above all, soaked to the marrow. She looked around once more. Over the slopes and valleys of the south floated a dense, white, mist, which kept stretching. The webs of the Lady of the Galadhrim, her conscience reminded her, and she fell silent at once. Sheathing her sword, she mounted, getting the horse to a gallop. She sighed in relief only when she reached the edge of the forest. It was dark. Deep night had fallen, with no moon or stars, accompanied by a cold wind blowing tirelessly from the north. Stands of tall trunks were scattered in front of her eyes and even if the Golden Wood was real, she felt trapped in a dream. It seemed like an eternity had passed since the last time she walked on this land and she didn't expect to ever return. Centuries of memories were hovering around her and she found herself overwhelmed by them. She shook her head, frightened, as if this simple gesture would have had the power to make them drift away. It crossed her mind how in another night she had said to herself for the first time that she would rather enter freely and unhindered through the Black Gate of Mordor, would rather stand against all of Sauron's armies than to set foot again in Lothl贸rien. A sigh escaped her lips. In her heart, she had known all along it was only a lie meant to keep her tied to the Greenwood. She need it like air. Otherwise, she would've probably fallen prey to the temptation of taking the road leading to the Grey Havens. With her senses leaping uneasily, she entered the forest, until the trees were all about her. A cold chill clutched her heart when she saw footprints of orcs on the ground. She changed her direction and plunged deeper into the woods. From where she was standing she had quite a distance to cover in order to reach Caras Galadhon and she wanted to get there by passing unnoticed as possible. Never ever and for good reason Galadriel wouldn't have left none of the borders entirely defenseless and much less those from north and east, and she had no intention to bump into her wardens. It could've mean a waste of time for both sides and besides, she was firmly convinced that The Lady of the Golden Wood already felt her presence, from the first step she took into her realm. The thought made her brow wrinkle. I would shorten the distance by morning and if I stop now probably I would shiver with cold, she thought. But the weariness spoke for itself and afterwards she decided to halt, at least for an hour. She dismounted and tethered the horse to a stump, without taking off his harness, and tossed over his back a blanket from the pouch, already gotten by moisture but better than nothing. She squatted down under a tree nearby, wrapped in her traveling cloak, although she was feeling uncomfortable. The wet clothes were sticking to her body, increasing the chill that already had reached to her bones. She was wearing boots with high uppers as usual, but they were so full of mud due to the earlier march that they seemed to her more like boulders tied to her feet. She tried to clean them up a little, then leaned against the tree's trunk, pulled the hood over her face and closed her stinging eyes for a few moments. Likely three days passed since the last time she took a nap, but now sleeping was out of the question. Eventually, she breathed a sigh of resignation and got up. The shaws of the Golden Woods were deceiving day and night, but the path she had to get over was deeply engraved into her mind and she would have follow it blindfolded, if she wouldn't had to keep her eyes raised up to the stems of the trees, for the wardens could emerge from nowhere. The rain falling from the sky continued and it was almost morning when the rain stopped. Soon the sun dawned and against a sky torn by white-gray clouds, which were wasting away, glimpsed a reddish line. It looked like was going to be a day very different from yesterday, warmer, sunnier, but this was not an unusual occurrence in Lothl贸rien, for time itself seemed to flow differently between its borders, thanks to the power of Nenya. She cut her way through the thickets, then followed one of the narrow and snaking trails, until she found herself atop of a higher mound, on open ground. From up there, she had a clear view of the area. If she would've climbed down the hill and kept the road to the right, she would have easily reached Cerin Amroth. She turned her tired gaze toward the swell barely seen among the strayed trunks. A part of her wished to be able to make this bypass, but the other side aroused inside her a longing of turning back and getting away from everything. Regrets and doubts were crushing her and she wondered how she survived them so long. She took in a deep breath and her eyes moved south. Thither went her way. She had other thickets to go through; then a stretch of tall grass, and at the end of it was a hill, covered by the lofty trunks of the mellyrn-trees whose lush foliage formed a green wall. The Gates of Caras Galadhon looked southeast and she had to go to get to them, so the northward entrance seemed to her a better choice. She spurred the horse and started to climb down the slope in a slow pace. As she advanced she thought she was hearing noises somewhere from behind, but gave them no importance. The horse however pricked up his ears at the rustling and she tried in vain to appease him. By now he was galloping and for the first time she discovered he had the habit of doing this out of the blue she was grateful, because she distinguished quite clearly the sound of other hooves hitting the ground. The gallop hastened and she woke up in the valley faster than she expected. She hew her way through the bush, without even a glance back, knowing she had to get rid of the chasers as quickly as possible for her horse wasn't able to maintain such a pace over long distances. She had learned that right before she crossed the swift waters of the Gladden River, when she had unwittingly come across an Orc scout, but had been forced only to see the hind legs of the warg he had been riding, for she couldn't overtook him. At first, the horse gone mad and gave her quite a lot of trouble before she had been able to impose him her will. Her anger had turned to resignation after about a quarter of an hour, for she was aware the poor animal had no fault and that's because before he fitted in her hands, was nothing but a wagon horse, used with the bridle and the saddle by a master too little versed in horse riding. I wish Morchant were here, she said to herself, spitefully, thinking of her stallion left beyond the Anduin. Snatches of voices came to her ears from behind, but for now, the distance she managed to keep from her pursuers was large enough so she didn't understand much. For a moment it occurred to her that maybe it would be better to stop. Why should I? she wondered intrigued by own thought. In fact, I have a command much higher than the Wardens laws. But as she expected, the horse began to show signs of fatigue, and once the hoofbeats neared her, heard quite clear a voice which seemed familiar. She looked back and in the next moment pulled the reins so hard that the horse stumbled, foaming. Arwen? Arwen in Lothl贸rien? Not that it would've been impossible but she knew Arwen was in Imladris at the time and didn't understand why she was here. Why now? Two brown horses stopped a little way off, but the guards remained in the saddles. She didn't have to wait too long for Arwen to reach her. Arwen's deep blue eyes, of a blue sharper than ice, were measuring her from head to toe; then the gaze