Chapter 1: First Day Dramas "Okay, Ann. Just breath. You can do this. It's not like you've never had to do new things before," I said to myself. Although I've never had to switch schools before. I glanced up at the red brick buildings of Forks High School, eyeing the building almost warily. Well, at least it was just about the same size as my old one had been. I caught my eyes in the rear view mirror as I gave myself a once over. I looked pale, paler than I usually did. I pinched my cheeks, trying to bring some color back to my face. It only left my cheeks red. My light brown hair framed my face on either side, a curtain that fell to the bottom of my rib-cage. My eyes, a misty gray, were slightly too wide in that moment, anxiety showing clear in them. I pursed my lips as I considered my reflection, trying to get control of my emotions. I looked like mom. I immediately shied away from that thought. I wouldn't let myself think about that, not now. Okay, one more deep breath and then lets go. I could feel my hands shaking as I climbed out of my navy blue car. It was a second hand one that my dad had bought me when we moved here. At least I would have some way of getting around now that I actually had my license. I kept my head low as I headed towards one of the small brick buildings that had the word office labeled on the outside of it. Stepping through the door, I sighed at the warmth that greeted me. It was a small bit of heaven from the cool rain outside. There was a receptionist sitting behind the desk wearing a pink suit with a skirt. She was brave, a skirt in this chill. I almost felt at home. Her blue eyes flashed up to mine when I walked in and she smiled. "You must be our new student." I could feel my stomach start to relax at the friendliness she exuded. "I'm Annabell Evans."I told her, taking a step closer. "Isn't that wonderful. I have your schedule right here." She handed me a piece of paper that had a list of classes and another that had a map. The next five minutes she spent highlighting each building I had classes in and then she even drew the best route to each. Although I wasn't horrible at directions and I was sure I could have found it on my own, I was happy to listen. Now I would at least have some clue about where I was going. The last thing she gave me was a slip that all the teachers were supposed to sign. I turned, pausing before the door. I really didn't want to go back out in the drizzle that had started. I willed the heat around me to stay before pushing the door open. Let's see, first class is English. Well, that should at least be fun. I had been in the AP class back at my old high school so this class should be relatively easy. As I walked into the classroom I saw that it was decent sized. There were twenty or so desks that were in a circle, about half of them full. I ignored the stares that greeted me as I walked up to the teacher, Mr. Mason. I held out the sheet for him to sign and without really even looking he did so before waving at one of the seats that were still open. I sat back, watching as the teacher lectured about Shakespeare's Hamlet for an hour. It was a play that I had already read and found dull. I didn't mind most of his sonnets but all the characters in his plays seemed to stupid a bit too dramatic for my taste. I sighed as the bell finally rang, signaling the next class. Before I could even stand up from my seat a boy a few desk down was in front of me. He had dark hair and an open smile. "You're Anna Evans, aren't you?" "Annabell." I corrected, slinging my bag onto my back. I was already starting to walk towards the door. "What's your next class?" He asked. "History." I read it off and groaned. Out of all the classes, that had to be the worst. "I can show you the way. I'm Eric by the way." He said, extending his hand. I shook it, smiling for real now. "That would be wonderful." He led the way as we stepped back out into the drizzle. I glared at the sky, sure that it was only raining to annoy me. "So where did you move from?" He asked. "Maine." His eyes widened slightly. "Wow. That must be really different from here." He said. I shrugged. "Well, it snows nine months of the year and hails the other three." I almost wanted to laugh as I quoted How to Train your Dragon . "Really?" Eric asked, his mouth agape. I couldn't help chuckling at his expression. He looked down, his cheeks tinting pink as he stopped outside a classroom. "Well this is it. Maybe I'll see you around today." I gave him one last smile before heading inside. I had another signature to get. Throughout that class the drone of the history teacher almost put me to sleep but I somehow managed to stay awake. After that it was Trigonometry and then Art. Thank the heavens for that small sanctuary. As I walked in I could feel myself relaxing already as the smell of glazes and paint took over my senses. I walked up to the teacher, Mrs. Thomas. She smiled as she informed me that they had just started working on portraits. I took a seat at one of the round tables that littered the room and set my bag down as she started giving instructions. We were going to be working in partners for the next few weeks, working on drawing each other. First we would do pencils before we went to ink and then paint. "Okay, pair up." Almost instantly everyone seemed to be in pairs of friends, I looked around, but there didn't seem to be any stragglers. Mrs. Thomas must have seen me struggling. "Don't worry. I'll find someone to partner with you." I smiled back, thankful for the help. I really hated being the new kid. I turned to start setting up my station. Pencil, eraser, paper and over-sized clipboard. It was then I heard someone plop down in the seat across from me. I glanced over and and I was just able to keep my mouth from falling open as I looked at her. She was cute, no, that wasn't right it made her sound too little. Adorable, gorgeous, all of them above. She was super tiny and had short pixie-cut hair. She was as pale as could be, even paler than me. Her eyes were black but that only seemed to heighten her elfin beauty. "Hi, I'm Alice. Mrs. Thomas asked if I would partner up with you." She smiled, her teeth blindingly white. "Um, hi." Okay, come on. You can say something better than that. "I'm Annabell." "It's nice to meet you." She said as she started to set up her materials as well. "So, would you like to go first or should I?" I asked. She shrugged her shoulders, not really seeming to care. I sighed, I hate when people wouldn't make up their minds. It made my decisions so much harder. "Well, why don't you go first then." She quickly moved me around until she got me into a position that she deemed was good enough to draw. She had me look a little higher then her head and at a wall, my body turned slightly to the side. I felt like I was posing for another school picture. Silence descended as everyone got to work. We were about five minutes in when Alice spoke up. "So you're from Maine, right?" "Yup." I replied, before trying to come up with something else to say. "What about you? Have you lived here your whole life?" She smiled and shook her head. "My family and I just moved down here a few years ago. We lived in Alaska before that." I felt my eyes widen. "And I thought where I lived was cold." She snorted, her smile widening. I watched from the corner of my eye as her arm moved across the paper in graceful arcs, her pencil never pausing. Her black eyes would flicker to me and away before continuing. She made it look too easy. When she didn't say anything else, I focused on the quite chatter that filled the room instead, enjoying the symphony of voices. The sounds of pencil scratching was relaxing even though I could hear the drag of an eraser every now and then. I could almost imagine myself back home. Any minute now I would hear the voice of Mr. B as he instructed us on our next task but as soon as I thought that, I couldn't help but flinch. We would never be moving back home, not after what happened. It was a few minutes that Mrs. Thomas had us switch. Now it was my turn to draw Alice but as I looked at her, I wasn't sure where to start. I knew I wouldn't be able to do her justice. After a bit of contemplation I started on her eyes, drawing the dark holes. A half hour later, I had a rough sketch of Alice but the eyes were the only things that I was proud of. I had made her nose a little too small and her chin a little too wide. It would take some work. "Can I see?" She asked, almost bouncing in her seat. I bit my lip, not sure how she would react. "Okay, but don't be mad at me." I showed her and her face immediately scrunched in distaste. I couldn't help the laugh that escaped. "Hey, it's at least better than a stick figure." She chuckled in agreement. Soon after that the bell rang. Finally, lunch. I gathered my stuff and made my way outside. Thankfully the cafeteria was pretty easy to locate, even if I the groups of kids moving in that directions didn't give it away. As I pushed open the door, the noise died down an notch as eyes turned to me. I instantly bit my lip and ducked my head, avoiding them all. The line for food moved quickly and thankfully I was able to fill my tray but now was the real problem. Where to sit? Before I could stand there awkwardly for too long a girl detached herself from a table and approached. Jessica, a girl I had Trig with. She was tiny, especially compared to my 5'8'' frame but her head of curly hair seemed to make up at least three of the inches that she lacked. I could already tell that she was the center of the schools rumor-mill but right now I didn't care. "You're welcome to come sit with my friends and I." She said, smiling wide. I nodded, too thankful to speak right now. Jessica led the way to her table but I could still feel all the eyes on me. Thankfully, as we sat with her group of friends as she named them off. There was a blonde kid named Mike and another guy named Tyler. There were also two girls, one named Lauren and the other Angela. The first rolled her eyes as Jessica introduced me while the second girl smiled shyly. I took the empty seat next to her as Jessica kept rattling stuff off. I have to say that her chatter was nice in the fact that it kept everyone occupied. She hadn't started asking me