The Falling: Darkness Rising Chapter One: Dealing With Death Hermione was holding Harry's hand as they stood in a cool September mist along the grounds of Hogwarts with several hundred other witches and wizards. Though he was not Headmaster of Hogwarts at his time of death, the Ministry decided to honor Dumbledore's last request and have his body laid to rest in the grounds of Hogwarts overlooking the Black Lake. Hermione could not help but reflect back upon the previous day's memorial that had honored the lives of two brave and deserving people, Frank and Alice Longbottom. The Wizarding world had all but forgotten the two souls that lived in St Mungos for over the last decade. Their death was barely mentioned in The Prophet; a tiny footnote on the second page. The memorial turnout was nothing more than a small affair. If they had died at the hand of Bellatrix Lestrange all those years ago, their funeral would have marked a day of mourning for the loss of two great Aurors and the future Heads of the Longbottom Family. A horn sounded in the distance and slowly, all those in attendance for Dumbledore's funeral were seated in rows of white chairs that were divided into two sections. As Hermione and Harry were seated, she got her first glance of the white tomb in which Dumbledore would be laid to rest. Bile rose in her throat at the thought of the former Headmaster being honored in such a way. In her eyes, he deserved none of this. Onlookers would interpret their facial expressions as those of grief, though she and Harry were far from it. She knew that Harry was filled with mixed emotions; however she could only feel one thing – disgust. The ceremony, of sorts, proceeded with all the grandeur that one would have expected from the passing of a great influential figure. Once his body was laid to rest in the white tomb by an Honor Guard, Hogwarts Governors and Ministry officials took turns lamenting the life of the departed Professor Dumbledore. As they did so, Hermione replayed in her mind the last moments of Professor Dumbledore's life; the things he chose to tell her – no, admit to her. He had chosen his last words none too carefully though, as he had expected her to accept what he had done for the "Greater Good". ~~Darkness Rising~~ The rest of the day ended in a blur for Hermione. She barely registered anything that anyone said or did around her until they arrived back at Grimmauld Place that evening. "Survival is what I would call it." said Harry, as he lead Hermione into the sitting room by the hand. Hermione knew that he was answering someone, but it wasn't until that moment that she realized that nearly the whole of the Alliance were gathered around them; filling the room to nearly an uncomfortable level. "We know that Professor Dumbledore had made some bad choices Harry, but his death does present a problem." said Neville coldly. "How can you be so cold about Professor Dumbledore's death?" interjected Angelina. "He has placed us all in this position, Angelina." said Harry. "He knew where Hermione's parents were the entire time. He could have rescued them at any point. Instead, he forced us to act. In doing so, he opened himself up to a vulnerability that he did not see coming." "Voldemort blackmailed my mum into attacking Dumbledore at the Ministry, Angelina." interjected Ron. "The bloody bastard wouldn't have had the chance to if Dumbledore had gone on the offensive the moment they kidnapped Ginny from the Ministry." "We all agree that Dumbledore made some terrible choices." said Sirius, standing next to the fireplace. "Now, he's dead – and there's nothing we can do about that." "Or would want to." breathed Harry. Sirius gave Harry a hard stare, but said nothing. Hermione knew that Sirius was concerned if Harry took too hard of a line against the memories of Dumbledore, he risked dividing the Alliance. Sirius had been preaching to Harry the need to strengthen the Alliance and gain the trust of the Order. "So… what's next?" asked Ron, leaning against the back of one of the sofas. "Next, the Ministry expects all students to return to Hogwarts on Halloween." said Arthur as he entered the room. "The School Governors have been most persistent about it in meetings over the last few days." "Why should we?" asked Neville. "Are we expected to just go back to school like good little children while the adults handle it?" "That's exactly what they expect." said Bill, sitting next to Fleur. "Word from the inside is that while Madam Bones is attempting to focus Magical Britain's resources to the fight against Voldemort, she is being undermined from within. Several Wizengamot chairs are using their influence to underplay Voldemort's return." "At first, I was against the idea of going back to Hogwarts as well." said Harry, now standing in the midst of the group; Hermione directly at his side. "Now that we've had several days to reflect, Hermione and I agree that it's the best option we have. I request that you all do the same." "Why?" asked Neville, frowning. "It will serve as our base of operations." said Hermione, finding her voice for the first time that evening. "It will provide us with a stronghold and a cover. We have ways to leave and return to the castle completely unnoticed." "I still don't like this." said Hermione's mum, voicing her opinion from the far side of the room. "Dear, we've been over this." said Hermione's dad. "They can either fight or wait to be killed." Hermione's heart ached to hear her mother worry so and see the anguish on her face. "They won't be fighting alone." said Sirius firmly. "We will be with them all the way." "Agreed." said Professor McGonagall, as she and Mrs Longbottom appeared in the doorway. "While the school defenses are being strengthened, there will also be a multitude of adult witches and wizards assisting our young Alliance – both inside and outside of the school." "Speaking of Hogwarts," interjected Cassie, standing up to join Sirius "what will become of Severus Snape?" Hermione's blood ran cold again at the thought of Snape visiting her mum and dad while in captivity; offering words of hollow comfort. Her face contorted in disgust, as though she had tasted something sour. "The School Governors will be evaluating his post while the DMLE investigates whether there is enough evidence to arrest him." replied Professor McGonagall. Harry squeezed the bridge of his nose with his fingers and Hermione knew that it was to prevent himself from shouting. "Not to worry, Mr Potter." said Mrs Longbottom, spying Harry's reaction. "The School Governors will not be granting Severus Snape his return to Hogwarts on the thirty-first of October." "How do you know?" asked Harry, a questioning look on his face. "I know because I have replaced Lucius Malfoy as a Hogwarts Governor." replied Mrs Longbottom, smiling for the first time in several days. "Brilliant!" said Ron. "Congratulations." said Harry. "Thank you, Mr Potter." said Mrs Longbottom. "And while it may be brilliant, as young Mr Weasley puts it, we have several posts at Hogwarts that must now be filled." "Speaking of which," said Professor McGonagall "I'm hoping to fill Umbridge's post of Defense Against The Dark Arts and my old post today." "Do we know these potential professors?" asked Harry. "Absolutely. My niece and your godfather." replied Professor McGonagall, staring at Sirius and Cassie. The whole of the room turned to stare at the dumbstruck couple in front of the fireplace. Hermione thought the idea was excellent, but she wondered if Sirius would consider based upon his facial expressions. "Minerva, I don't know what to say…" said Sirius after a moment. "I think we need time to think about it." said Cassie, looking up at Sirius and back at Professor McGonagall. "Of course." said Professor McGonagall, smiling. "Take your time. November will be here before you know it." Hermione thought she heard Sirius growl before Cassie subtly yanked his arm. "Not to be a spoil sport," said Bill "but we need to discuss what to do about Charlie, Tonks and Ginny." "Before we get to that," said Sirius, clearing his throat "we need to eat something before some of us fall over from starvation. I've invited the Order over, minus Snape of course, to join us." "I'm not so certain that is a good idea, Sirius." said Arthur. "With Snape still at large and Dumbledore gone, we take a huge risk meeting." "Agreed." said Sirius. "That is why we will be taking this meeting elsewhere." Sirius walked across the sitting room to fetch a small box from a shelf before returning to the fireplace. He grabbed a handful of floo powder and tossed it into the grate; the fire now glowing a bright green. "Where are we going?" asked Mrs Longbottom, looking slightly concerned. "You'll find out." smirked Sirius. "I'll hand each of you a piece of paper. Read it, then step into the fireplace and repeat the last line." Hermione's brow furrowed as she contemplated what the old Marauder was up to. She even saw the Weasley twins, who had been quiet and sombre the entire time, perk up. One by one, they stepped forward and took a piece of paper from Sirius to activate the obvious Fidelius charm. She opened her paper and smirked as she read it. Lord Sirius Black, king of the Marauders, humbly grants you access to: Lord Black's Palace Hermione knew that Sirius was trying to lighten the mood of the day, though for her this was an impossible task. It did seem to help others, as she heard Ron and the Weasley twins snort as they shouted, "Lord Black's Palace!" Harry looked about in awe as he stepped out of the grate into a massive foyer, complete with chandelier and fountain. Hermione stepped out behind him, having to push him aside to keep from tripping. "Did you know about this?" asked Hermione, looking around. "No more than you." replied Harry, still taking in the massive manor house. "Greetings, Master Harry! Mistress Hermione!" said Dobby, bouncing up and down as he greeted them. "Dobby, where are we?" asked Harry, surprised to see Dobby there. "Master Sirius' palace!" replied the tiny elf. "Dobby has been helping Kreacher prepare the palace for Master's arrival!" "The upstairs is as big as the down!" shouted Ron from above. Harry looked up to the top of the grand staircase that sat at the far of the foyer to see Ron gawking from the banister. "Ron!" shouted Arthur, exiting the fireplace. "Show some dignity!" "No worries, Arthur." said Cassie appearing behind them. "Sirius slid down the banister at least three times before he fell off and busted his –" "Pride." interjected Sirius, stepping out of the fireplace. "When and how did you find this place?" asked Harry, looking at his godfather in disbelief. "Well… let's see, you might suppose that I sat and waited at home for my godson to need me." said Sirius, smirking. "Reality is that I've had some catching up to do since being exonerated." "Very nice manor house you have here, Sirius." said Mrs Longbottom, looking around. "Somewhere in Scotland, I believe?" "Correct, Aug." replied Sirius. "Not much larger than yours, but more than enough to suit me. It took me regaining my Lordship to regain possession of it. My father purchased this place as a way to elevate the family's stature, but my mother would never live here due to the fact that it was originally built by foreigners." "Yes, your mother was a bit – narrow." chipped in Mrs Longbottom. "Narrow?" repeated Sirius. "She was prejudice as hell." "Glad you were able to regain ownership." said Mrs Longbottom, ignoring Sirius' last statement. "Now, I presume that all the necessary protections are in place." "Absolutely."