An eternity of misery Twilight After the first part of Breaking Down (book), once Bella and Edward get back home, before Jacob comes over. Edward knew that they had to act quickly and smartly. Esme and Emmett had gone hunting after seeing that him and Carlisle seemed to agree with Bella's foolish decision to let the thing live and so they wouldn't be able to interfere but they wouldn't be gone for too long they never were and so Edward knew that he couldn't allow himself to waste any time. Alice was on their side of course, she loved Bella and didn't want her to stay in this dangerous condition and risk her life, though she had been hard to convince. At first, Alice wanted to trust Bella and let things happen to see how it would go, she wanted to listen to Bella and support her until Edward, after many hours, managed to convince her that he was right and that his course of action was the best. Since Alice was on board with their plan, Jasper would help, even though he thought it was wrong. Jasper was surprisingly on Bella's side in all of this and the only reason he had agreed to help them now was because Alice had agreed to help. Their mate bond forced him to help and prevented him to act against the woman he loved, though he made sure Edward knew that he believed that they were wrong and that it would all come back to bite them in the ass in the end. The last problem was Rosalie but Jasper and Alice would take care of her easily while he and Carlisle worked on Bella. This way not only Rosalie wouldn't pose them any problems while they dealt with the monster inside Bella but Jasper and Alice's consciences would be relieved of some of the guilt that would come with betraying Bella. They had to be quick though, because as soon as Emmett and Esme came back, their window of opportunity would close and it would be over for them. Emmett wouldn't help them, he'd defend Rosalie and Bella fiercely and Esme would too. Carlisle wouldn't help if Esme was by Bella's side, it was the reason why they had waited this long to act. "They just left, probably for a few hours but it's all blurry now. Bella's future is still blurry too." Alice thought to Edward who nodded. Edward's nod seemed to put everything in motion because Jasper and Alice jumped on Rosalie to put her in pieces temporarily before she could even move while Carlisle injected quickly Bella with a strong sedative. Bella hadn't seen it coming and probably didn't realize it was happening. She was defenseless, unable to do anything to protect the child she already loved so much. "Are you sure about this, son? Bella could never forgive you for this. It could be very traumatic for her and send her on a very dark path." Carlisle asked his son, having doubts about what they were about to do but willing to support his son no matter what. "She'll see that I was right once this thing is out of her. She'll forgive me. Everything will be well. Right now the thing is poisoning her mind." Edward replied confidently. "I hope so." Carlisle sighted before they carried Bella to the room that they had already prepared for the abortion surgery. . A little earlier. Rosalie didn't trust Edward and Carlisle, she knew that they were planning something and so she planned something as well, knowing that she could keep Edward out of her head easily enough by concentrating on her desire to save the baby. If Edward kept on thinking that she only cared about the baby and if she kept her thoughts concentrated on Bella's child, he'd stay out of her head. She suggested that Emmett and Esme went hunting, so they'd be stronger for Bella while in front of everyone and, before Emmett left, she discretely gave him a note with a few instructions. She asked him to prepare a secure place with the necessary equipment to take care of Bella and her child, including an incubator, bags of human blood and many other things. She didn't tell him anything before they left but she knew that he had guessed that something was up, he would do as she asked him and so would Esme. They'd do whatever they had to do to save Bella and her baby, her miracle. When Alice and Jasper jumped on her, pulled her away from Bella and started to rip her to pieces, Rosalie had been furious but also, deep down, happy to know that she had been right. She hoped her plan to save the baby would work, that he or she would survive whatever they'd do and be able to finish growing in the incubator she asked Emmett to set up in a secret place. She doubted anyone else in the world had studied babies and their development as much as she had and so she was confident that the incubator she had designed would work well for this child, as long as Emmett and Esme managed to follow her instructions well. A few hours later, Emmett and Esmee came back. Edward and Carlisle were still working on Bella, closing her now empty womb while the baby was still in its pouch, on a table to the side. Furious, Emmett started putting his wife back together while Esme, having helped in setting up the incubator not too far from here, rushed to take the baby there, pretending it was dead and that she was going to burn it. She knew enough to know what to do and she was confident that Rosalie would be there as soon as she was put back together. Later, once Bella was fine again, they'd take her to see her child, hoping it would survive. When she woke up, Bella instantly knew that something was wrong. She was lying in Carlisle's office and her little nudger was gone. She immediately felt that he was missing and she could feel that something terrible had been done. They had gone against her wishes. They had ripped her child out of her. "Bella, Love? It's alright, everything is fine now. You're safe, we're fine." Edward told her softly. "Everything is fine? Really? Where's our baby?" She asked him, her voice sounding dead. "That monster is gone, Bella. We had to save you, take it out of you. It was for the best." He replied confidently. "That monster was my child! Our child! Where is he? Where's my baby? Where's Rosalie? Why didn't she stop you, what did you do to her?" Bella screamed, knowing that everyone would hear her rage. "Rosalie was... A bit angry that we tore her to pieces for this. Esme had to take her away to calm her down once she was done disposing of the thing's body. She'll be fine too." Edward replied calmly, confident that she'd see things his way soon. "Did you even take a second to look at him before you cruelly threw him away? Before you killed him?" Bella asked him angrily. "Why would I do that? That thing wasn't human, Bella. No point wasting time on it." Edward shook his head. "You really don't see that what you did was wrong, do you? You went against my wish, you murdered my baby and you think everything will be fine? How dare you?" She told him angrily. "You'll come to see that this was for the best, Love. I promise." He insisted confidently. "You promise? Let me promise you one thing, Edward. I promise that I'll never forgive you for this, I'll never forget what you did and I'll never get past this. Every bit of love I felt for you died when you murdered my baby, ripped it out of me. I'll pay you back for his, though, I promise. I'll make sure you suffer the same I do now. I'll give you exactly what you and your family deserve for what you did: an eternity of misery. I swear, Edward, I'll do everything in my power to ensure you all suffer hell for what you did to me today." Bella declared in an angry voice, filled with hatred. "You need your rest, Love. You'll feel better once you've rested. Do you want me to play your lullaby for you?" He completely ignored what she had just said, as though it didn't matter and it only rose her anger more. "Seriously? No, I don't want you to play anything for me Edward! I want you to leave. I don't want to see you again. Get out, get out, get out!" She screamed, throwing her wedding ring in his face. "Edward, son, leave her be. She'll rest better without you around her for now." Carlisle intervened as he entered the room. Edward nodded and left the room while Carlisle checked Bella's vitals. "How could you do this to me Carlisle? I thought you were a good person, I trusted you. You killed my baby. I hate you!" Bella told her father in law in a voice so calm and dead that it was scary. "It was killing you." He replied. "I was strong enough. I would have made it. I had faith, all you had to do is have faith with me, in me." She shook her head before turning to her side, turning her back to him. "I hope you'll find it in you to forgive me." The doctor declared before he left his office. "I won't, Carlisle. You'll get the same as I promised Edward, the same as your entire family for what you did to me: An eternity of misery. Even if I die, I'll come back as a ghost or find some heavenly or demonic being to help me give you what you all deserve. I swear I will. I will destroy life on Earth making it impossible for you to feed on anyone or anything if it's the only way I have to punish you and your family for killing my baby." Bella spat at him as the door closed. Alice and Jasper were guilt ridden. They had seen the baby in the pouch that Esme had taken away. It was a normal looking baby girl, with its heart still beating, even though it had been faint, slowing. Obviously dying. Hearing Bella cry and scream was hard for Alice. She didn't need Jasper to know that Bella was suffering, that she was furious, full of hate for them and devastated. She meant it when she promised them an eternity of misery. "What do you see, Alice?" Carlisle asked her. Esme was still mad at him and she had taken Rosalie away, claiming she would calm her down, while Emmett stayed behind to pack their things. He had already taken a few bags and boxed down to his jeep and Esme had taken Rosalie away in another car, full with boxes and bags. They were leaving the family and it looked like it would be forever. Carlisle couldn't help but wonder if Esme would come back to him or if she'd start a new family of her own with Rosalie and Emmett. "Not much. Bella isn't fuzzy anymore but she's not making any clear decisions that I can see. Esme will go spend some time in Denali to calm down but I can't see if she'll forgive you or not. You'll see her again, but I can't see if she'll come back to you or not. Emmett and Rosalie... Once they leave, we'll never see them again, they're not Cullens anymore. Or maybe we will, I'm not sure, but if we do, it probably won't end well for us. As for Bella... I can't see much. She survives, but I can't see if she stays human or becomes a vampire. I can't