A/N: I own nothing, make nothing. No, don't! I already told you!" the first voice shrieked. "Told me? And I'm suppose to believe that? I'm supposed to believe anything?" There was nothing to be seen except for that strange dark grey colour as the darkness descended. "Please! At least let me.." The first voice was sounding distant now. "NO! I'm not letting him touch MY CHILD! He's not taking anything else! After everything..." roared the other voice. It was almost dark. A coldness was approaching. With that the dream became distant. Harry could feel the chill of morning and the green eyes slowly opened in the half darkness. Now the dream was forgotten and a new day begun. Harry slowly pushed open the door to the cupboard and peeked outside. The house was quiet and pale sunlight was shining through the window. It had to be just about dawn. Harry crawled out of the cupboard as quietly as she could. Perhaps if she was quick and quiet about it she could walk outside for some fresh air. Slowly the girl got up and made her way across the living room. She was still wearing what she'd been wearing when she was shoved inside the cupboard last night – saggy jeans and a tent sized T-shirt. Even though she was fully clothed she was freezing. How could a July morning be this cold? She comforted herself with promise of the warmth that would come in an hour or two as the sun rose further on the sky. The front door was locked. Harry stood still for a moment and tried to find the courage to unlock it. She raised her hand and bit her lip as she slowly unlocked the door. The lock made a sharp clicking noise as she succeeded and Harry held her breath hoping that no one was awake to hear it. If she was found in the garden again she knew Vernon would lock the door on her and have her stand shivering in the garden until they needed her to help cook breakfast. Harry opened the door and crept into the front yard. The lovely neighborhood was silent and peaceful. The sun was almost over the horizon and coloured the surrounding sky a vivid warm orange but above Harry the clouds were thick and grey. She took a deep breath. It was uncomfortably cold and especially so for such a scrawny child but Harry was enjoying a few Dursley free moments. Life rarely had such moments and Harry knew she was going to need them to get through a whole summer's worth of gardening. That was the preferred chore given when she and Dudley were out of school for the holidays. Of course Dudley's only responsibility in that connection was to once in a while 'check on Harry' and see that she was still working which usually involved Dudley destroying one of the flower beds and blaming it on his cousin. A few houses down a dog was walking about in the front garden and Harry decided it was best not to take a stroll down the lane today. The last thing she needed was a dog barking the whole neighborhood out of their sleep. She wrapped her arms around herself and winced when she squeezed her sore arms a little too much. Harry looked down at her hands. Her palms were full of tiny cuts and scrapes from weeding for hours without gloves or tools. There was still some dirt left under her fingernails – this was what caused all the commotion last night as aunt Petunia had insisted that 'the dirty little freak' wasn't fit to be in her house. This had meant dinner came and went and having had next to nothing all the day Harry ended up begging for food – of course that just got her thrown in the cupboard so she'd learn gratitude . Realizing that standing around in the front yard would look odd as soon as people began to stir she sat down on the doorstep. She rubbed her arms slightly as she sat there deep in thought. This month she would turn eleven. She wasn't quite sure when though as she had lost track of the date spending so much time outside. "One more year down – seven to go," she mused. Seven years. Seven years and then she would be free to go and do whatever she pleased. Seven years and there would be no more Dursleys. Of course the Dursleys preferred to describe it as them ' throwing her out on the street in seven years and finally getting to be rid of her ' but Harry wasn't about to tell them she wasn't as scared of that prospect as they hoped she was. In fact, she wished they would do it now! Or send her to the orphanage which they also enjoyed threatening her with. She could to it again. No one was around. She could just get up and walk away. She could run down the street and into the uncertain future. She sighed. That had not gone well before. Last time she tried to run away the first shopkeeper she asked for directions had called the police on her and held her at the shop until they came to get her. She wasn't surprised. She did look like a street urchin in Dudley's clothes and her refusal to let him call her parents for her had not helped either. Harry shuddered as she recalled what she had had waiting back at number four for her. Uncle Vernon had been civil with the police officers and explained how his nephew was a troubled child. Petunia had put on an act complete with crocodile tears, wrapping her arms around Harry and repeatedly exclaiming her gratitude for them returning her silly little boy as well as telling Harry that she would be brokenhearted if it ever happened again. When the door had closed after the police officers and the sound of the police car driving off could be heard the act was over of course. Harry didn't want to think about the rest of that night – not did she have time to for at that moment the door to number seven opened. Harry got up quickly and carefully opened the front door. She cast one last glance at the grey clouds that were slowly dissolving above her before she disappeared into number four. Elsewhere on the island the clouds were still completely covering the sky. The countless halls, corridors and classrooms at Hogwarts were abandoned for the summer and only a few staff members remained. Deep within the bowels of the castle one of these individuals sat completely ignorant of the colour of the sky and the time of day. Severus Snape was seated in his favorite chair in his personal quarters. However the man appeared to be anything but comfortable. The dark circles around his eyes told of a sleepless night and his ridged posture suggested that none of it had been spent in a bed. The man was quiet and starring at a glass of firewhisky in his hand as he continued the battle against the temptation of downing it all at once. It had been a long night. A night of reliving things that he had long since pushed into the back of his mind. Severus swirled the liquid around in the glass and placed it on the small round mahogany table on his right. He too considered whether any of the other occupants were awake. What time was it? He reached into his robes and pulled out a small pocket watch. It was neither as practical nor as beautiful as the magical options available but Severus had a history of holding on to things in more ways than one. Noting that it was by now far too late to try to sleep and far too early to go outside he rose from the chair and headed for his private potions lab. He would find something to do. Something simple and mindless to take his mind off of things. How many hours had passed now since he received the message from the Headmaster? Severus had been reviewing schedules for the next term when a little paper bird soared through his fireplace. It landed gracefully on his desk and unfolded itself to reveal a letter. The potions master had not needed to read it to know who it was from. He had picked up the letter carefully and, sure enough, it was from Dumbledore who requested his presence in his office. Severus got up as quickly as he could and walked towards the door. He wasn't going to bother to floo there. The letter had said nothing about any urgency and Severus wasn't about to sprint to the Headmaster's side as if he was a dog eager to please his master. In fact Severus wasn't pleased at all. He had looked forward to a quiet night. There was nothing more satisfying than the silence and peace of the castle once the noisy horde of students was gone. He had finally had a few hours in the day for himself. Of course there were still Pomfrey's supply of potions to brew so he still had something to keep himself busy. However, as if brewing hundreds of potions wasn't enough, the old coot had taken it upon himself to summon Severus at multiple occasions for the most trivial tasks. "If this is about that schedule again - or Merlin forbid those drapings I'll turn him into mouse and feed him to Minerva!" Severus muttered under his breath as he neared the entrance to the Headmaster's office. "Cherry hearts!" he sneered at the gargoyle and proceeded up the stairs as it jumped aside. When he opened the door and entered, he was surprised to see McGonagall, Flitwick and Sprout gathered around the desk. "Ah, Severus! Do come in!" Dumbledore greeted him from his chair behind the desk. Severus carefully studied the faces of his colleagues looking for any hints as to the nature of this meeting. "Then we shall retire, Headmaster," said McGonagall and nodded to Sprout. The potions master gracefully swept aside as the three other heads of houses went past him and down the stairs. "Headmaster, I received your message. May I ask...?" he began. "Lemon drop, my boy?" the older wizard offered and gestured for him to take a seat. "I'm surprised you haven't turned into one – as many as you eat," sneered Severus. He took a seat in front of the desk and crossed his arms while the old man merely chuckled at his comment. "I suppose you're not going to tell me what you were discussing before I arrived?" he inquired. "On the contrary, Severus! I do, however, have additional things to discuss with you that your colleagues need not be present for!" Severus' ears perked at that. Dumbledore had his attention but he kept his face disinterested. "Do you need my opinion on curtain colours in the library again?" he huffed. "I only thought it polite to ask all of you if you had anything against purple," the twinkling wizard replied as Severus snorted at the memory of that conversation. "No, Severus, this is serious." The older man's eyes caught Severus' and his voice became serious as he continued: "As I've just reminded your colleagues - Harry Potter will coming to Hogwarts this year." Severus froze. Now? Already? It can't be... Has it been so many years already? he wondered. "I see," was his only reply. "Regardless of which house he will be sorted into I would like you to fulfill your promise to me. I am sure you know what I am referring to." And so it had begun. Now Severus was standing in his lab after having had no sleep all night and having been reminded of his oath to protect the Potter boy while he