AN: I honestly have no clue where I came up with this idea, but I'm assuming it was the result of too much sugar in the wee hours of the morning. The semblance of a plot was added at the last minute, mostly to maximize insanity. Enjoy! Originally written for my sister, who loves shopping malls way more than she should. -X-X-X- Aragorn trudged along behing the rest of the Fellowship, his expression gloomy. They had been following the same barren trail southwards for two weeks now, and the monotonous landscape and lack of civilization were wearing on all of their spirits. Aragorn, especially, was glum: in a week it would be Arwen's birthday, and Aragorn had promised himself that this year he would finally remember to send her something. Unfortunately, he didn't have anything that would make a suitable gift, and knew that he wouldn't find anything on the rugged path. Suddenly he spotted a sign on the side of the road. It read: MALL OF MIDDLE-EARTH NEXT RIGHT 1.5 MILES Aragorn felt a wide smile spread over his face. A mall would be a perfect place to pick out a birthday present! Plus, such an excursion would provide a welcome relief from their rather boring journey. After consulting quickly with Gandalf and receiving enthusiastic cheers of agreement from the rest of the Fellowship, Aragorn led the group to the right. Twenty minutes later, the Fellowship stood in the center of the mall, looking around with wide eyes. They were surrounded by stairs, vast hallways, a carousel, many stores with colorful displays in their windows, and more people than they ever imagined could fit under one roof. "This place is huge!" gasped Pippin in awe. "Where should we go first?" Aragorn bit his lip, unsure. He, like everyone else in the Fellowship, had never been to a mall before, and had no idea where to start looking for Arwen's present. He caught sight of a directory, and they all huddled around it. After a while of staring at it in silence, Boromir spoke up. "So, Aragorn, what exactly are we looking for?" "I don't know," Aragorn admitted, feeling a little bit silly. "I want to buy a birthday gift for Arwen, but -" "Ooh, how old is she?" Pippin interrupted. "Six hundred?" "Nah," Merry disagreed. "She's probably more like a thousand. A bit old for Strider, if you ask me." Aragorn glared at the immature hobbits. "She's turning two thousand, seven hundred and seventy-eight, if you must know. As I was saying, I want to buy her something, but I'm not really sure what to get. I was hoping you guys could help me." "Of course we'll help!" Sam exclaimed. He glanced at the stores around him for a few seconds, then led the group into a Hallmark store. He chose a card from the shelves, grabbed a small red oliphaunt statue, and placed them in Aragorn's hands, smiling triumphantly. Aragorn turned the statue over, examining it. "It is beautiful," he remarked. "It's a little impersonal, though, don't you think?" "Well, yeah, on it's own it is," Sam said. "That's why you send a card with a heartfelt message as well." "I don't know," Aragorn sighed, setting the items down on a counter. "Thanks anyway, Sam, but I'm sure I can find something better." Sam shrugged good-naturedly. "It was just a suggestion." "You could always buy her a new dress," Legolas suggested as they exited the store. "Girls love clothes, right?" He scanned the directory. "There's a Gondorian Eagle and an Abercrombie & Elf nearby." "Gondorian Eagle is a very nice store," Boromir put in. Aragorn frowned. "Arwen already has whole closets full of dresses; I want to get her something she doesn't have. Besides, what if I buy the wrong size? I don't want to insult her." "You can never go wrong with jewelry," Gimli offered. "Or you can buy her something from over there!" Merry smirked, pointing at a display of lacy lingerie. Aragorn glanced to where Merry was pointing, and involuntarily blushed. "Uh... no ," he replied. "I am not buying Arwen anything from Galadriel's Secret." "Really? I bet you'd love to see her in one of those tiny, little . . ." "Shut up, Merry!" Aragorn growled. "It is completely inappropriate, and besides, Elrond would murder me in the most horrible way possible when he found out." Merry was still grinning at him, when Pippin suddenly exclaimed, "There's a food court here?" "Food court?" Merry forgot about teasing Aragorn and turned his attention to where Pippin was staring. "Wow! That's huge!" "Strider, I know we promised to help, but... can we go to the food court? We haven't had second breakfast yet!" Pippin turned to the Ranger with a pleading expression on his face. Merry soon did the same. "Oh, all right!" Aragorn sighed as the two hobbits started sprinting down the walkway. He actually wasn't unhappy about their desertion. After Merry's suggestion, Aragorn wasn't sure if he even wanted their help. "Well, Aragorn," Gandalf said. "Where are we going?" The Ranger hesitated, glancing at the remaining members of the Fellowship. Gimli met his gaze, one eyebrow raised. "We can look at a jewelry store," Aragorn finally said. Gimli nodded approvingly. The group soon entered Dale's – "The Diamond Store." Gimli's eyes immediately widened in delight. "Ah!" he gasped as he examined the contents of the display tables. "Diamonds, gold, and mithril, straight from Erebor! Look, Aragorn!" He picked up a pair of bejeweled earrings and handed them to the Ranger. "These would suit Arwen perfectly! Or this silver bracelet!" The Dwarf led Aragorn around the store at a dizzying pace, dumping various semiprecious objects into his hands and pockets. "Gimli -" Aragorn began as the Dwarf shoved yet another necklace into his coat pocket. "I appreciate the fact that you're trying to help, truly, but..." He stopped when he realized that Gimli wasn't even paying attention. Instead, he was counting the rubies in a gigantic watermelon pendant. Aragorn quietly transferred the jewels from his pockets back onto the store's tables. A saleswoman watched him with a steely glare. Several other employees were beginning to do the same. "I think it's high time that we leave this store," Gandalf whispered. "I couldn't agree more," Aragorn whispered back. "But what are we going to do about Gimli?" The Dwarf was muttering to himself about the fine quality of the store's merchandise, completely oblivious to everything and everyone else. "I'm sure he'll be alright staying here for a little while," Gandalf responded. "Probably." Aragorn unloaded the last (at least, he hoped it was the last) of the jewelry from his pockets, as he and the rest of the group tiptoed out of Dale's. Gimli didn't notice. He was still gazing at the gemstones with an expression of pure ecstasy on his face. Once the six (relatively) sane members of the Fellowship were safely out of sight of the jewelry store, they stopped to determine their next course of action. "I still think we should look at clothes," Legolas insisted. "If not a dress, maybe a cape or a scarf would work." "I'm with Legolas," Boromir asserted. "Gondorian Eagle is right there; it would be wise to look inside." The Elf nodded enthusiastically in agreement. Aragorn raised an eyebrow suspiciously. "Boromir, why are you so intent on going to Gondorian Eagle?" "Because they have good clothes there, and they're from Gondor." "Good clothes for Arwen, or for you?" "Uh..." "Oh come on, Aragorn!" Legolas interjected, saving Boromir from having to come up with a witty response. "So what if Boromir wants to go clothes-shopping? I wouldn't mind joining him. I mean, look at us! Our clothes are disgusting from all that time on the road!" He tugged on his shirt, which was splattered with about three milligrams of mud, to prove his point. Aragorn sighed. "Well, I guess you guys have the right to shop for what you want, too. Go ahead, but just... try to stay out of trouble." "For Arda's sake, Aragorn, how much trouble can one Elf and one Man get into in a shopping mall?" Legolas demanded. "I'd prefer it if you didn't try to find out," Aragorn muttered under his breath. Legolas and Boromir didn't hear him. "Oh, look!" Legolas exclaimed, pointing at a sign in the store. "There's having a sale on plaid shirts!" "Plaid shirts from Gondor," Boromir corrected. "Let's go!" They disappeared into the store. "When is Gondorian Eagle not having a sale on plaid shirts?" Aragorn asked sarcastically. "When they're having a sale on skinny jeans!" Sam responded. Aragorn couldn't help smiling. "Good point." And let's hope that Boromir doesn't decide to buy any of those . . . he added in his mind. He glanced at the stores around them. "I don't think we'll find anything here. Let's go back the way we came and look at the other end of the mall." Gandalf, Frodo, and Sam murmured in agreement. As the foursome made their way through the shopping center, they passed by the Hallmark store. Through the window, Aragorn could see the oliphaunt statue on the counter where he had left it. Well, he thought as he stopped to gaze at it, I suppose it wouldn't make a bad gift . . . "Aragorn, I thought you wanted to look at that end of the mall! Why are you stopping here?" Gandalf asked, clearly annoyed. "Coming, sorry!" Aragorn hurried to catch up to Gandalf and the hobbits. Reunited, they continued on their way. They went into several stores that seemed promising, but found nothing. Aragorn could tell that Sam and Frodo, in spite of all their desire to help, were beginning to get bored. As they passed through yet another section of the mall, Sam suddenly cried out. Alarmed, Aragorn, Gandalf, and Frodo turned to the hobbit. "Sam!" "Are you okay?" "What's wrong?" But they soon saw that nothing was wrong, for Sam was grinning from ear to ear and pointing. "There's a Shire Depot here!" he exclaimed. "Oh, how I'd love to see their gigantic gardening section!" He glanced at Aragorn, and immediately backpedaled. "I mean, I want to help you look for Arwen's gift, and I don't want to leave, but–" "Oh, go and look at Shire Depot!" Aragorn had accepted the fact that the members of the Fellowship were quitting the search one by one. Sam looked at the Ranger, hesitant. "Go ahead, Sam. You've already been a big help, and I know you want to look at the gardening stuff." "Okay, if you're sure." Aragorn nodded. Sam grinned. "Mr. Frodo, are you coming?" Frodo hesitated for a minute, then followed Sam into the hobbit-hole improvement store. "And then there were two." Aragorn turned to Gandalf. "If you want to go look at something, you can. Don't feel like you have to help me; I'm sure I can manage on my own." Gandalf shook his head. "I will help you in your search, Aragorn," he said. "But I think it might be wise to split up. We will cover more ground that way. I'll look through the east side of the mall, and you look in the west side." "Good idea," Aragorn agreed. "Where should we meet up afterward?" Gandalf thought for a minute. "How about at the entrance to Arnordstrom, in one hour?" "Sounds like a plan." They smiled and walked off in their opposite directions. Maybe I'll finally get some peace, Aragorn thought, now that I'm alone. It will likely be easier to shop, too. As he made his way through the mall, he found himself wondering what the rest of the Fellowship was up to. He hoped that they were managing to avoid causing chaos. Little did Aragorn know that the chaos was only beginning. -X-X-X- Forty minutes later, Aragorn was still wandering through the mall. He was not, however, wandering because he was lost. He knew exactly where he was.