Welcome, one and all, to Brotherhood: Bound By Pain! Now, I know most of you are wonder 'ericwinter, what are you doing putting up another Harry Potter story, and when you're so behind on you other stories?' Well, admittedly, yes, I am way behind on my other stories, and as I am starting a new job which will be taking a good deal of my time, I will probably be getting even further behind, for at least a little bit. However, this story idea has been nagging at me for quite a while, and I finally decided to give it a go. I apologize to everyone who has been desperately waiting for my other stories, but I shall do my best to get those up as well. Who knows, maybe with a specific work schedule I might be able to regularize my updates anyways. Here's to hoping, at least! Anyways, so I wanted to spend a little bit explaining the basis of this story, and why it has been so prominent in my mind. Basically, I've seen Dudley redemption stories. I mean, they're sort of common in fanfiction, although not by much. I've even seen stories where the Dursley's accept Harry and raise him in a warm and loving home. But I have never, ever, seen a story where Dudley is a wizard. I mean really, you would think it would be a major trope or something, considering the massive irony of such a situation, but nope. There is pretty much zero stories where Dudley is a muggleborn wizard, which, honestly, is kind of sad. So here it is, my interpretation of what might happen if the Dursley's discovered Dudley possessed the same 'freakishness' of his cousin, and how that might affect the relationship between him and Harry, as well as their joint adventures in Hogwarts. So, now that I've got that off my chest, I shall leave you all to Read, Relax, and Enjoy. Don't forget to review, and I shall see you all later! XXX It started at age four. Dudley was crying over a toy truck, broken from his rough playing, and Vernon was too far into his cups to be bothered doing something about it while Petunia was in the kitchen. Ignored, the little, pudgy boy's cries grew louder and louder, until they were silenced by a sudden crack, and the tinkling of glass striking the floor. Petunia, who had just walked into the sitting room where her husband and son were located, froze, staring with wide, panicked eyes at the remains of the small table lamp which had shattered. Then, with a narrowing of her eyes, she glanced around the room for a tell-tale glimpse of dark hair, as this could only be the work of the lone resident of Number Four Privet Drive with such a trait. a few seconds later, however, with her son staring at her wide-eyed and her husband drowsing drunkenly, the woman let out a small gasp. Harry Potter, her freakish nephew, was nowhere to be found, because he was with Mrs. Figg for the day. Petunia didn't speak of that day again, and the next morning there was no evidence to be found that anything out of the ordinary had occurred, with the shattered bulb being cleaned up and replaced. In fact, she pretended it had never happened at all, until nearly a month later, when again Harry was at Figg's house, and Dudley threw a temper tantrum when his Father wouldn't give him the remote to the TV. The extraordinarily thin woman had just entered their sitting room in time to see the remote, along with several other items in the room, suddenly float into the air weightlessly, leaving both mother and father gaping at their child in surprise, and not a little bit of fear. From there, it was a downhill slide, one which was painfully slow. More and more, Vernon delved into his cups after the revelation that his son shared the same freakishness which had already become evident in their nephew. Slowly but surely, he grew angry and bitter, and within just a few months, everyone in the house had sensed his change. Even Harry, not yet privy to the discovery of Dudley's budding powers, could tell that something was changing, and it was going to be big. The first time Vernon shoved Dudley into the cupboard while consumed by a drunken rage, Harry was in the kitchen, washing dishes and staying out of the way. Only after the large man had returned to the sitting room and fallen asleep on the couch did Harry hear the quiet banging of small fists on the door. Curious, the boy slipped down the hall carefully, drawing closer to the cupboard which was his home. When he saw who it was that had invaded his personal sanctum, the child gasped and threw open the door to stare agape at his cousin, curled up on the floor and struggling to wipe away the tears which had become more and more real since the sudden change in his treatment. "Dudley?" Harry asked in the small, confused voice only a child could create, bewildered at the sight before him. He had noticed by now that Dudley had stopped receiving such special treatment that the boy was usually given, but never before had Vernon ever even threatened anyone else with the cupboard. It was a place meant only for freaks and worthless people, like Harry himself. But when the two children stared into each other's eyes that day, there was a sudden understanding, the type only extraordinarily young people were able to understand, or even create. Whatever had happened, whatever had changed, Dudley was now in the same position as Harry, and that meant they were in this together. So, with a small, childish nod, Harry stepped into the cupboard and closed the door behind him, sitting down beside his cousin without another word and reaching out an arm to wrap around the distraught boy in an awkward hug. They were six by the time Vernon lost enough humanity to start starving Dudley as he did Harry, depriving him of more and more food at each meal, but by then, the two boys had developed an alliance that would not be shaken with such petty measures. At Harry's suggestion, they started to ration their food, sharing equally what they could, and deciding with fair, honest games what they could not. Their mutual protection and sacrifice for each other extended to school as well, when Vernon used whatever influence he had in the community to turn the other children their age against them. It wasn't long until they had worked out a system; Dudley, with his considerable girth, was the obvious target, taking what punishment came, whether from words or blows. The misfortunes of the last two years had forced him to grow a thick skin, especially after his Father started to throw the same insults at him as were sent towards his cousin, and while it turned him into a quiet, introspective child, he used it to his advantage. Meanwhile, Harry had taken on the role of planner and coordinator, finding a vast multitude of ways to thwart both school bullies and their uncle and father. With each hardship, with each day, week, and month that the two boys suffered, they were drawn closer together, their shared pain and troubles forging a bond of brotherhood strong enough to last all the trials life could throw at them. They were eight when Harry and Dudley learned the truth of why Vernon hated them, and why their lives had become a living hell. It came from Petunia, who for four years had watched helplessly from the side, too scared to stop her husband as he descended ever deeper into madness and cruelty, as well as too ashamed to admit that she had been just as bad, treating Harry like dirt until it became obvious that her own son shared in his magic. She had been terrified at first; It was a cruel joke, that both her sister and son would have the gift, or curse as she had once tried to convince herself it was, while she had not been chosen to bear it. But then, after years of watching both the boys suffer, her own son's plight opening her eyes to that of her nephew, she finally broke. It wasn't anything special that tipped the scale, leaving her kneeling in front of both children with tears streaming down her face as she apologised profusely. She had been cleaning, or at least what little bit Vernon required of her to keep the image of 'normalcy' up, and her hand had brushed the latch to the cupboard, swinging its door open with a creak of the hinges. Inside, the two boys sat in the cramped space, playing a game of Go Fish. Despite the normalness of the situation, discounting their surroundings at the time, it caught Petunia's attention that both boys winced slightly every time they moved, and Dudley even had a white bandage sticking out slightly from underneath his sleeve. That bandage, really, was what shattered the wall of indifference she had built up inside, and before she knew it she had fallen to her knees and drawn both of the children, who had struggled so hard while she did nothing but watch, deep into her arms. That day, Petunia told her son and nephew of magic, although she was certain to warn both not to say a word to Vernon. And so it was that their lives and hearts grew just a little bit brighter, with the knowledge that no, there was nothing wrong with them, and they weren't truly freaks. Just as well, then, that they learned when they did, because the next three years turned into a brutal, devastating slog that more than once left either or both boys wondering why they didn't just give up and let it all end. One glance to the side though, the slightest glimpse of blonde hair with blue eyes or black with green, and they would have their answer. Because they were brothers, regardless of the fact that they didn't technically share a mom, and brothers didn't abandon each other. They would both live and die-if it ever came down to it-side by side, and shoulder to shoulder. Thus, when the day came that two owls appeared on the porch, dropping their loads into the awaiting hand of Petunia who had sent Vernon away for the day, they both rejoiced that not only would their nightmare end, at least until summer holidays came again, but they would do it together, and facing the Wizarding World together. XXX "Wow," Harry breathed, his emerald green eyes glittering as he stared at all the amazing shops. "Isn't it amazing, Dudders? We're finally here!" Beside him, his brother in all but name smiled softly, just as eager but concealing it better. "Yeah, Harry, they look awesome." Beside them, the friendly giant of a man Petunia had given reign over them for this trip rumbled in his kind and gentle voice about the various stores and attractions the two boys could see around Diagon Alley, as they had been informed the magical shopping district was called, but neither paid him much mind except to nod and 'ooh' properly at the polite places. They did, however, perk up suddenly when the man, Hagrid, mentioned a bank. "Money? I… don't think that's such a good idea. Vernon would be… displeased." Dudley nodded solemnly in confirmation, although a small smirk crossed his lips at Harry's use of such a large word. The raven-haired boy had always been mischievous, although he tried not to show it unless Dudley was nearby, and confusing people with complex words and speech patterns always gave him a kick. Dudley had never understood the draw of it himself, and had stayed away from the mystery books and epic