AN: Hello, and welcome to another edition of "My Stream of Consciousness," the part of the show where I type out a whatever appears in my thoughts. Oh, I've forgotten something... Harry Potter all belongs to JK, though I wish it didn't. She's done some weird things with it that I don't entirely approve of, but it's her story. Anyway, onwards! Harry was having a miserable day. This was sadly not out of the ordinary for the young lad, but things had definitely taken a turn for the worse ever since that horrendous toad woman started teaching "Defense" class. He was just glad that Hermione had convinced him to help teach some of the other students, so they could once more actually learn something about Defense. "Bloody Umbridge" thought Harry. "When she asked who would try to hurt children, I should have just pointed at my scar and said 'No idea. Grindelwald? Any number of other Dark Lords in history, some of whom attacked this very school. What about giants? Acromantulas? Trolls? Blast-Ended Skrewts? Professor Binns goes on and on about Goblin Rebellions. What if there's another one?' Oh well, that's in the past. No use beating myself up about it too much. Now... where should we hold the meetings for this Defense club? Somewhere private, secluded, and where we won't be easily found thanks to that stupid decree. Where might that be? The common rooms won't work, not with member from multiple houses. And the common rooms are far too public, anyway. Unused classrooms are not an option, as just anyone could walk in. No, we definitely need some place that only a few can access. Where could that be? The Shrieking Shack? No, too public. Anyone could see us walk towards it. Fluffy's corridor might work, except that's probably closed off by now, and I don't even want to think about what would happen if the Devil's Snare has been removed. So where does that lea-? Harry was struck by an interesting idea. One that had the potential to be quite terrible. He would have to run the idea past a couple of people to gauge their reactions. He had a feeling though that Ron and Ginny would not be pleased. He could almost feel the bats from Ginny's Bat Bogey Hex attacking him for daring to suggest such a thing. But it made sense. It was perfect! Harry was unfortunately very right about both Ginny's and Ron's reactions to his idea. He was currently fending off several bats as the siblings shouted at him. Fortunately, he had enough foresight that he had moved their... discussion to a more out of the way locale. He even used silencing spells to hopefully muffle the impending outburst of the Weasley tempers. Sadly, he hadn't thought about silencing his friends or taking their wands from them. Thus the bats. Funnily enough, it had started off so well. He asked to talk with them alone, ushered them to an abandoned classroom, cast the spells he had prepared (well, to be honest, had Hermione look up when he told her his idea. She was very agreeable because she understood completely) while ignoring their pointed questions about why he wanted to talk with them, and managed to sit them both down and began speaking to them. "Ron, Ginny, I had an idea that I figured might upset you, so I decided to have this conversation in this abandoned classroom that I've soundproofed so no one can overhear us. Now, I think I figured out where we can practice defensive spells." "Brilliant, mate. But why do you think this would upset us? Where is this place?" was Ron's contribution. "Uh... well..." "Spit it out already!" this came from Ginny. "Well, you see, ITSTHECHAMBEROFSECRETS!" "I'm sorry, what was that? My best mate couldn't be suggesting having my little sister return for weekly meetings to a place where she nearly died. That wouldn't make any sense." Harry took a deep fortifying breath and let it out. "Yes, Ron, that's exactly what I'm suggesting." And that's where everything went to Hell. "MUCOSA" was all Harry heard before Ron started screaming at him and then the bats started swarming his face. Oh, right, they're still screaming at him. He'd been so deep in his thoughts, that he had almost forgotten. "HOW COULD YOU EVER THINK ABOUT MAKING MY SISTER GO BACK TO THAT PLACE!?" "HOW COULD YOU EVER THINK ABOUT MAKING ME GO BACK TO THAT PLACE!?" "DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY NIGHTMARES SHE HAD ABOUT THE CHAMBER?! SHE COULDN'T SLEEP THROUGH AN ENTIRE NIGHT FOR OVER A MONTH!" "DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY NIGHTMARES I HAD ABOUT THE CHAMBER?! I COULDN'T SLEEP THROUGH AN ENTIRE NIGHT FOR OVER A MONTH!" Harry was very much surprised at the echo that had appeared. He wasn't aware that Ginny and Ron could agree on something other than Quidditch. Normally, they were such different people. Glad that he managed to help at least help them grow closer together, he waited a bit longer until they were out of breath and less likely to cast another spell at him. Eventually, they calmed down a bit and Ginny even apologized and vanished the bats. Harry thanked her and took this as his cue to speak. "Listen you two, I know the Chamber is an awful place. I too nearly died there. However, it's large, secret, and no one other than me or Voldemort can open the entrance, and if Tom is opening up the Chamber, we have bigger problems to worry about." "Ugh, you're right Harry, it does have a few things going for it. I just wish to spare Ginny as much harm as possible." "I understand that Ron, and I don't wish to unreasonably cause harm to my friends either. This is just an idea I had. It doesn't have to be the final option. We don't know what kind of condition it's in. What if that basilisk I killed is still down there, rotting, and makes the place stink so bad that we can't stand it? I just brought it up to see your reactions. Ginny, you've got a funny look on your face, what's up?" "Just, coming to terms with it all I guess. I agree, the Chamber does have merit as a secret place to study. However, when you go down to check it out, I want to go to. I think I need to face it all again before I can really put it behind me." "Fair enough. When do you want to go down, Ginny?" "Now wait just a minute! Ginny, you can't go down there again!" "And what if I do, Ronald? Are you going to stop me?" "I- *sigh* just be safe. Take care of her Harry?" "Naturally." "Glad you saw reason Ron. And Harry, I can take care of myself, alright?" "I'm well aware of that Ginny, your Bat Bogey Hex clearly showed me that you are capable of taking care of yourself." Ginny flushed a bit at that, while Ron stifled a snicker. "I just want you to know that I will be there, should you need anything." "Alright, when will we do this?" "Tonight?" "Sure." "Do you want in, Ron?" "No... actually, yeah, because I am NOT explaining to Hermione why we decided to go into the Chamber of Secrets." Later that night "You know, these trips out at night are going to get really difficult pretty soon, with all of us growing as much as we are. Lucky really that you're so small, Ginny." "I wouldn't need to be if you weren't as big as Hagrid, Ron." "Shut it, you two. We're here." As Harry pulled the cloak of, Myrtle made her appearance. As Harry really did not want to have to deal with a ghost that fancied him (dealing with Cho was bad enough), Harry told her that clear off, as they were doing something secret that was frankly none of her business. That did the trick, and soon the melancholic ghost disappeared to wherever she went when she wasn't haunting her bathroom. "That was rude, Harry." "I know, Ginny, but I really don't want to have to deal with her tonight. I figure we have on our plate without adding her as well." "Fair enough. Just don't complain when she manages to flood this bathroom when we come back up." "Right, I won't. Alright, are you two ready for this?" "Yep" came Ron's cheery answer. "As ready as I'll ever be" came Ginny's more despondent voice. "Don't worry Ginny, me and Ron will make sure that we leave if you start to look overwhelmed." "Thanks guys, but I can handle it." "Alright. Here we go. Let me just look at that broken tap and Open . Hey, first try." "Certainly an improvement over last time, mate." "Hey, I was under a bit of pressure at the time, trying to save your sister and all." "Which I thank you heartily for, Harry. You too Ron, you came with him and you both helped me get out of there." "So, should we go down the slide or what?" "Yes, Ronald, let's go. You first!" Ginny shouts as she pushes him down the slide. "AHHHHHHHHH!" came Ron's diminishing cries. "Well, Harry, would you care to go next, or do I need to push you too?" "No, no, I'll go!" As Harry met Ron at the bottom, Ron said "You know Harry, going down that is much more fun now that we know the beast is dead. Less chance for imminent death always makes things more enjoyable." "Shit. I just had a horrific thought. What if the basilisk I killed wasn't alone?" "You're right, that is a horrible thought. What should we do?" "Well, the cry of a rooster is fatal to it, I think...should I try to summon a rooster?" "It's as good an idea as any, Harry. Glad someone other than Hermione has some sense in your trio" she said, seeming sincere. Her next sentence had absolutely no sincerity and tons of sarcasm. "Also, I'm soooo glad we managed to think of that only now that we've reached the potentially monster infested chamber." "Don't worry, Ginny, at least we hadn't made it into the chamber proper yet, where we could have come face to face with the beast or beasts." "Harry, please don't say that. I don't even want to think about it." "Fair enough. ACCIO ROOSTER!" Hagrid was enjoying a large bottle of firewhiskey when he heard a sound coming from outside his hut. Curious, he opened the door a took a peek. Outside, a very startled rooster was floating in the air, drifting towards the castle. Hagrid was thoroughly shocked that such a thin was happening, until he looked at the bottle in his hand. Very mournfully and slowly, he began to pour the alcohol out of the bottle, muttering "I should not have seen that. I should not have seen that." Inward, the chicken floated, contemplating its predicament as best it could, which wasn't very well. It floated there, serene as it could be, as it slowly passed into the Great Hall. There, it came across a highly amused Dumbledore, who was certainly looking forward to whatever prank the Weasley twins were setting up to annoy that awful toad woman he'd been forced to accept as a Defense Against the Dark Arts "teacher." "Blasted Ministry" he thought. "Ah well, friend, let me cast a spell on you so dear Minerva doesn't see you. That way you can get to your intended prank just fine." With the spell cast, the rooster continued along its path, narrowly missing Professor McGonagall chasing the Weasley twins after one of their pranks failed spectacularly and got her instead of Umbridge. The she-toad herself came was out, wondering if she could stick her abnormally large nose into other people's business. Instead, all she got was rooster droppings on her head. She eventually retired to