A strangled scream was dying to rip out of my throat, but no sound came, not even as my mouth fell slack. It took a few moments, as I lay there, burning from the inside out, to understand that it wasn't my skin that was burning. The churning flames were deep inside me, spreading through my body and eating away at my internal organs, excruciatingly slow. My silent screams were no more, I couldn't think past the chaos happening beneath my skin. I just wanted to die, but the fire kept me alive, washing over me repeatedly. It continued to rise and peak, before falling to a low hum. The low hum would last for a mere five seconds, but throughout the grotesque cleansing, when the fire scorched everything inside me, those five seconds were all I holding on for. It felt like days that I lay in the fiery trap that was my body. Days where I withered and burned and desperately awaited my death. It lasted forever, although the fire moved beneath my skin faster than the speed of light. It took its sweet time charring my organs, my veins, my muscles, my very soul. Until the buildup began to grow higher and higher, the flames licking at my rib cage. The climax, I should of realised, was my heart. The agony of the burn was raising to an unbearable point. I thought I had felt the pain of a million deaths when the heat touched my spine. But nothing, nothing at all in the universe, will ever describe the white, hot, blood curling torture, as the burning, engulfed my heart. I was sure that was the moment I would die, I was positive. So positive, that I assumed my body was crying in relief at the promise of the end of this torture. In my mind's eye, all I could picture was a ball of bright-hot, eye watering, white light. It grew and festered, changing in shape from a tiny pebble to the size of my fist. I lay there, watching it for hours, the sight so terrifying and so beautiful in the same instant. I guess I should have known it wouldn't have stayed like that. The sweep of light hit every body part in one instant and for the first time in what felt like centuries, I could hear my own screams. The light touched from my stomach to my toes, zinging along my veins and burning my fingertips. It clawed at my neck, leaving the same white-hot pain in the base of my throat. Before finally, it touched my ears, bringing the world to startling clarity. Then my eyes, my hair line and the tips of my chestnut hair. My hearing was the only sense to return and after a while, I desperately wished it would leave again. The sounds of my own screams terrified me. In a desperate attempt, I tried to move my body, to turn my head or even simply wiggle my fingers, but I couldn't move, no matter how hard I tried. I began to distract myself by counting, wondering how long I'd been burning for. If I really tried, I'm sure I could remember. But then again, I'd probably delude myself. I could have been here for mere seconds or minutes. Or even hours, days, weeks, years. I felt like I'd been here for centuries, being tortured by my own body. The pain began to lessen and a bubble of hope burned throughout my chest. 'I'm going to make it,' I whispered to myself, though I couldn't move my mouth to say the words out loud. It was as if the universe was playing a cruel, sick joke on me. Because the moment I thought of the final word, the pain flared up in my left arm before doubling all over my body. A scream bubbled up once more and I prepared myself for the horrifying noise, but it never came. My jaw locked tight, leaving the scream trapped in my throat. Without my screaming outlet's, I had to endure the pain rushing through my body as the endless fire raged on. Then just as quickly as it came, the pain subsided in my arms and I could feel the control of my body come back to me. Bit by bit, I was able to move my fingers, ball my hands into fists and wiggle my toes. Another bout of hope flared in my chest, promising me the end. Despite being able to feel my fingers and toes, the burning continued throughout certain parts of my body, mostly my heart. I felt as if it was playing games with me, as if it was enjoying increasing and decreasing rapidly. Slowly, I began to hear the faint wind outside, tapping against the outside of the house. Voices began to meet my ears, so loud it felt as if they were shouting. But I knew no one was with me, they couldn't be. They would of ended this torture if they were. The voices were so clear, I instantly tuned into them. Panic was rising in me, at my new found ability of magnified hearing. The voices continued to whisper. "Relax, she will be fine, I assure you. Now go. I'll tell your sister everything, I promise." The voice was a man's - that much was clear. His accent was heavy English, punctuating most of his words. There was a delicate sniffle. "O-ok. Please, tell her I love her and please, help her. She doesn't deserve any of this. I wish I could stay. But well... Dylan could you do me a favor? Give her this... I-it, it was our mother's. Goodbye," the musical voice drifted off before it disappeared entirely, leaving an empty silence. My attention came back to myself, where I could now hear the sound of my labored, pained breathing and my heartbeat. Dread washed over me as the pain in my heart started up again, causing a desperate cry to escape my lips. No! Not again! I couldn't survive this again! But the pain ignored me, sizzling at my heart as it burned and smoked, causing the same ball of light to appear before my eyes. This time, when it exploded, I was ready. But it was even more excruciating than the first time. It began to dull once more after an eternity and I prayed it was over now. My own heart beat began to drop, leaving me panicked and confused. That couldn't be a good sign. Then the pain was gone and relief washed over me, unlocking all my muscles. All my senses hit me in a rush. I could feel my body collapse into the floor, hear the owl hooting in a tree. I expected to smell burning, the burnt skin of my own dead flesh. But I smelt nothing of the sort. Only the smell of the room, of which I couldn't decipher. I opened my eyes slowly, staring up at ceiling. I could see surprisingly well, despite the lack of lighting. As I sat up, my muscles ached and my throat burned. I could hear the dull thud of my heart and my shallow breathing. No pain came, but I heard my own heart thud, hard against my rib cage. It did it again, before it stopped completely. My eyes widened in horror. There was no sound after that point. No breathing, no heartbeat, not even the owl in the tree. Just, silence. For a moment the absence of pain was all I could comprehend, that and the confusion of everything I had experienced. Right down to my heart that beat no more. I began to look around me, as if I could find answers within my surrounding. It was shocking how clear and high definition everything was. Every object I looked at was so sharp and picture perfect. Every detail of the walls and roof, I could see, every fiber of the carpet, I could count. However, the bright light at the end of the room was what caught my attention, a sliver of light which was coming from underneath the door. Although it was only a small amount, I could make out all the colors the light created. I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath, inhaling the air. It then occurred to me that air didn't feel right. I could inhale it, but it never sat in my lungs and gave me oxygen. It just passed through me, as if my body no longer had any need for it. As I breathed through my nose, new smells hit me instantly. Wood, dust and something that was rather sickly sweet, bringing my attention back to the burning in my throat. My hands flew upwards, clutching my throat. My ears picked up a noise that came from downstairs. I turned in, listening intently. I realised they were footsteps, which were coming up the stairs and rather fast. They drew nearer then stopped just outside the door. I found my nostrils flaring as a new scent hit me. It was that same sweet smell from earlier, although now that it was closer, I could make it out. It seemed to be pear and... mint. It was so intoxicating, I couldn't help but breathe it in. Another scent seemed to be in the mix, vanilla and raspberry. As the door opened, I found myself already in a corner of the room, with my back to the wall, the muscles in my back arched, leaving me crouched in a defensive position. Air made its way up through my throat and out my clenched teeth, creating a hissing noise that sounded like a swarm of angry bees. My mind was screaming danger while my throat throbbed more and more. For a moment, it was difficult to concentrate on the man who now stood in the door way, his hands above his head in a surrender position. My eyes bore into his red ones, neither of us moving an inch in the two minutes that we had been here for. Slowly, the man put his hands down, my eyes following the movement before flying back to his face. "Please, calm down. I am not here to hurt you, honest. I only want to help you. I made a promise to your sister that I would. Now please, come with me." The man then turned and started walking down the hall, stopping at the end of it, he turned back around to face me. "Follow me, you have to feed," he ordered. He then disappeared from sight. I could hear him walking down the steps. I had yet to move from my position against the wall, although my mind and control over my body was starting to come back to me. He knew where my sister was, and I needed to know. What did he mean, feed? I didn't understand why, but I felt that I could trust him, if only enough to get information from him. Cautiously, I followed after him, taking my time to make sure that I noticed if anything was out of place. I suddenly realized I was moving so fast, yet I felt so slow. Within a mere few seconds, I found myself down the stairs and right next to him. Holy shit, what's happening to me? Together, we proceeded down another hallway. I had so many questions that suddenly began to pop into my head. What am I? Was my main one. Where am I and why should I trust you? Why do I feel a burn in my throat? What do you mean by feed? And what just happened to me? Closely followed. One moment, I'm burning intensely for what felt like years upon years and the next moment, I'm walking about and everything seems abundantly different. The world is so much more colorful, sharper and everything smells different too. But I decided to ask a simpler question