Hu Hello everyone, this is my first fan fiction. one day this idea popped up into my mind and i started witting this. unlike the book or the movie none of the character possess any powers. 1 more thing Thalia and Annabeth are sisters. DISCLAIMER - I don't own any of the character though the plot is mine. Moving on to the story... This font will represent Percy's and thoughts This font will represent Annabeth's thoughts In the hospital Room 101 A pair of stormy grey eyes fluttered open. She gasped for air as she sat up. It felt as if it had been in a nightmare but it seemed so real. She was drawn into a hug. "It's alright Annie, you are safe. Now that I am here, nothing is going to harm you." Thank goodness it was just a nightmare. 'I was driving my car and then I met a car crash.' "Lie down my dear." She didn't want to move, staying in those warm arms made her feel safe and sound. I clung to them. "Lie down sweety your sis is here. Nothing can harm you now."comforted Thalia. She could feel her sister shivering. It seemed that it wasn't because of cold. "Hello Miss Thalia." "Hello, doctor." "How are you feeling now?"questioned the doctor. Seeing her sister Annabeth didn't reply. "Annie."called Thalia softly. No response. "Annie" said Thalia. This time the blonde nodded. "Look at me sweety."said Thalia while she raised her sister's head until her stormy eyes met her cyan ones. "I am here now, nothing can even touch you. You are safe now."said Thalia stressing on the last words. After which she hugged her sister harder, then rubbed her back in circles. The girl stopped shivering. But she clung on to her sister. "How are you feeling now?" questioned the doctor "Fine."said the blonde in and inaudible voice. "Annabeth, what do you remember about your accident?" " I umm.. I was driving back from office and I crashed into truck." The doctor and Thalia both looked puzzled. "What year is it dear?" "Its 2013. Why?" She questioned. "Take rest sweety. A word with you."said the doctor to Thalia. Reluctant to leave her sister, she put her sister to sleep and she followed the doctor to a corner. "Did she met with any accident three years prior?"questioned the doctor "Yes" replied Thalia. "That explains it."replied the doctor. "She is suffering from amnesia. And she doesn't remember what all happened in these 3 years. They are wiped out of her memory." "Chances of recovery." "Hard to predict sometimes take a month or so but may even take years." Room 102 A patient was removing all the equipment attached to him in a haste and a nurse stopping him from doing so. "Sir please lie down. You can't leave the bed. Your condition doesn't allow it. Sir, please."requested the nurse. The boy listened to nothing. After being free from the equipment he ran for the door. "No, you cant not now." "I want to see is she. Is she alright?" "No" He ducked and ran outside the room. "ANNABETH"he shouted and his head hit the stretcher. Thick red fluid gushed out from the spot. He was taken to his bed. Room 101 Commotion was heard in the corridor. The door flew open revealing nurse. "Ma'am emergency in Room 102. You are needed to stitch the wound." "I'll be there in a moment. Rest Annabeth." She replied while she was looking at Annabeth. She then rushed out to tend the other patient. Room 102 While dressing the wound, the doctor noticed that the boy kept murmuring 'Annabeth'. Unable to hold her curiosity she asked. "What happened? I mean the car crash." "Doctor I was driving to the wedding hall when a car from the opposite side hit mine. I was saved but the other driver wasn't that lucky both of us were taken to this hospital. After that I want to know how the other driver Annabeth is she okay? Are her injuries sever?" "How are you related to Annabeth?"she asked, While she was tending the wound. "We are married. She is my wife." "Well in that case she safe and is taking rest. She is fine physically." She said while checking her patient's records. "Mentally?" "For that I would have to talk to you in detail. See you in my office after an hour. Now that you know she is fine take rest. You too met with an accident today." At the office... "Hello Miss Grace, come have a seat. I'm expecting Percy to be here in a moment." The door flung open to reveal Mr Jackson. "Come in." "Annabeth is suffering from amnesia and she has forgotten everything that has happened to her in the past 3 years. In easy words I can say that, She doesn't remember the accident she met today morning with Percy's car. She has gone back in time and remembers the car accident she had met with a truck three years back. Before that she remembers everything." "Why not tell her."snapped Percy "I'm afraid we cant do that she will have to remember that on her own. She won't be able to handle the stress." "All we can do is let her take her time to remember things." "Percy as she doesn't remember the time she spent with you in those three years, you will have to make sure everything between you and her is like it was three years prior." "Percy, you will have to act as if you don't know her, you will have to be like you were three years back. Just don't let anyone force her to remember things. Let her do things as she did three years prior." "So be it." replied Percy. The next day. Room 101 "Annabeth, how are you feeling." asked the doctor. "Much better doctor. Hi Sis." replied Annabeth as Thalia entered the room "Annabeth I want you to listen to me carefully. Today is 30 July 2016 and not 2013." The doctor explained her, her condition. While those grey eyes just stared at the doctor in disbelief. 5 Days later. Annabeth is back home. And there is an argument going on between Annabeth and Thalia. Annabeth is in her room while Thalia is in the living room. "Sweety, are you sure you want to go to work." asked Thalia. "Yes Sis, we have gone through this conversation like 1,000 times today. I can't wait and sit at home for my memory to return." replied Annabeth. "None of my pleas will work now, will they? After all you are a workaholic. And you have left with no option than leaving you to work." said Thalia. When Annabeth came out of her room. "You still have that favorite shirt of yours, Annie its 4 years old. Buy yourself a new one." commented Thalia. "Then why not you, buy me a new one." With a smirk Annabeth continued "Looks like my sis I buying me a shirt today." At the office. In the boss's {Mr. D} cabin. "Annabeth, where have you been?"screamed the Mr. D "Sir I met with an..." "Whatever you are granted a leave for a week. No more holidays for a couple of months. Here I want you to handle this client." said Mr D after he shoved a file towards her. Annabeth pick up the file but doesn't move. "What? What you waiting for? take the file and leave. And by the way Percy will explain and help you. You will also be joined by a new recruit. Off you go now."snapped Mr D. Annabeth grabbed the file left. Woah that went better than I expected. 'Why Percy Jackson?' As soon as I had met him three years ago I had grown a strange dislike towards him. And also for the matter of fact he literally hated me. I was lost in my thoughts that I didn't see another guy coming toward me. Boom his cold coffee was all over us. It was him. Percy "Hi, wise girl. Sorry damn it. I ruined your favorite shirt. You alright? Here take this" he offered her his handkerchief. I blinked was he the same guy I had worked with three years ago. The person who used to snap me every time it was possible and passed sarcastic comments three years back was being nice to me. For a minute my brain wasn't able to register his comment. I quickly covered my words " I mean Annabeth." I saw her finally I knew she couldn't stay away from work for a long time that wasn't Annabeth's style. Today I finally got to see my girl. Then I saw her leave to clean herself. She looked so beautiful in her favorite shirt and jeans that I just wanted to hold her in my arms. I can't , reminded myself. I have to behave like I did before. I sighed I was such an idiot back then who didn't see this angel. I picked up the file Annabeth dropped. She was supposed to work with me. I smiled. I went to clean myself up. How did he know it was my favorite shirt and since when did he start to notice me. Now the next question is who was the new recruit. I tried my best but my favorite shirt was ruined. I just covered it with the scarf I carried. 'Back to work' I ordered myself. I was scanning through my notes to get updated. When I heard a "Hello" I turned around to find a boy about my age or a year or two older. He had blonde hair and blue eyes that were glistening they looked very cute with the charming smile on his face. "Hello" I replied. "I'm looking for Annabeth Chase." "That's me." "Oh hi, I'm Luke. I think Mr D already informed you about the project we are supposed to work on." "Yup, he did." "Why don't you join me for a coffee where you can brief me up. Its already break time."said Luke while he checked his watch. "Sure I'll be there in a minute." I grabbed my notes. Where was the file. Damn it! I dropped it when I bumped into Percy. I'll have to hurry. I was passing through various desks when I saw , Percy's desk it was surprisingly clean and organised. There hung a locket. It surprisingly seemed to call out for me. I was starring at the desk when Grover cleared his throat. "Hi, Grover." "Hi Annie, Percy is always at the canteen during this hour. If you were looking for him." How did he know I was looking for Percy? " Thanks " There, she spotted him, he was eating his hamburger. Annabeth approached him. Without looking up Percy said "Here have a seat." he had placed the file on the table. Annabeth sat down but instinctively searched for Luke. There, she found him. He passed her his charming smile. and went up to them. "Is this seat taken?" "Nope."replied Percy "Here, Annie I brought you latté." said Luke. Before Annabeth could react. "She won't like it get her cappuccino with extra cream with a half spoon sugar only." blurted Percy. "When did you know that? And since when am I Annie to you?" Shit how could I forget I am nobody to her, but she meant everything to me. I searched for an answer. " You had a fight with the waiter about your coffee one day after that the whole office knows." I replied. She didn't seem convinced but that was the best I could do. That was the surprisingly true and added to the fact I used to get it for her in the morning in the past three years. The days passed by smoothly. They all worked passionately. After a two weeks they started to get along. They were always seen together laughing, chatting and mostly working. They had