Early winter By: thatchickendude Hello everyone my name is the...well you all can read my name on the page. Anyway to make things short and sweet, I am a huge dork for The Percy Jackson series and this is my very first fan fiction ever! Warning this fan fiction is rated T for multiple innuendos,strong language, violence/dark themes,mature content in a whole, and so on; you have been warned! But if you like that kind of thing including Original OCs, forbidden ships;), and great(or good) back story with character development then without further adieu please enjoy! Also I DO NOT OWN THE POJ OR ANY OF THE SERIES, CHARACTERS, THEME, ETC! I only own my OC and the general plot line. Please support the original creator Rick Riordan. Chapter 1: The Ice Queen Percy Sleep, sleep was the only thing on my mind at the time. All I wanted to was rest…. But I mean hey, can ya blame me? It's not every day that your separated from your girlfriend, have your memory wiped clean, dropped in some other camp for demigods that no one has has heard about(thanks to a stupid Goddess), go on one crazy adventure that nearly kills you and your two new friends, only to go on another crazy adventure soon after, that takes you literally half way across the entire world to the roots of the gods,fall into the Greek/roman personification of Hell itself with your girlfriend and then get out,fight giant giants with komodo dragon legs (and really bad hair), wake up a primordial goddess of the stinking earth, travel back half way across the world again ( with a little help from the gods), to fight said smelly goddess and blow her smelliness up with a giant ball of gold and a mechanical fire breathing bronze dragon. So hey just cut me a little bit of slack, please? Now I know you're all probably asking, "Percy what happened to the rest of your friends and girlfriend?", well after the second Giant war the Romans went back to their camp with Hazel, Frank and Reyna( no rest for the weary when it comes to the Romans), Jason stayed with Piper at camp half-blood to rest up and have a few moment where they are not fighting for survival, Annabeth is at camp with me( obviously), Nico is resting up at Apollo cabin so he doesn't literally become a shadow, and Leo… well… I don't have to explain it to you. But if you think that's it, just your typical "And they lived happily ever after" story, then you and I are both very wrong! You see it was just the beginning of yet another crazy adventure, but not as crazy as the last one( by the Gods! the Fates must have a really good belly laugh when it come to playing with my fate!). I guess the only place to begin is from the beginning. It was around July or maybe August, the Giant War was so close between those two month, it was about a week or so after the war and I was taking a nap in my cabin, with thank goodness a dreamless sleep. Outside my cabin the camp was the same as it always was, campers were training or fighting or training to fight, rebuilding, stealing or pranking, practicing archery, climbing the lava wall, hunting monsters in the forest, etc. Now I know that your probably thinking. "Percy how can you possibly know what's going on if you're inside your cabin and sleeping, you handsome devil you" Holy Zeus, I think I caught a horrible case of LeoMcshizzleitus! But in all seriousness, just, use your imagination. So like I was saying before, I was taking a nap in my cabin and everything at camp was normal until a loud knock came at my door. I woke from my dreamless sleep and fluttered my eyes open trying to adjust to the afternoon light, then the loud knock came at my door again. I sat up and yanked the covers from atop me, only to have my door banged on even harder and louder! " Yeah, yeah, yeah I'm coming, keep your pants on." I tried to yelled in my half awaken voice. Seriously the cabin doors don't even have locks on them, just knock and come in, is what I wanted to say. I opened the door only to find Juniper the tree nymph(Grover's girlfriend) standing there. "Juniper? What are you doing here", I questioned. "Your hair looks like a weaver bird's nest", she responded back. " And you have one heck of an arm for a tree nymph,and don't those birds live in like Florida or something", I replied back sarcastically while trying to fix my bed head. "Africa and Asia actually", She said back sarcastically. "Anyway I didn't come here to give you a lecture on birds." "Oh?", I questioned trying to rub the sleep from my eyes. "Chiron is calling a meeting at the big house, all cabin counselors are to attend", she said "So it's just going to be-", I started my question. "Another boring meeting, Yes.", she finished my sentence. "The meeting starts in 20 min, so you better hurry." "Thanks Juniper.", I said. I was about to turn into my cabin when Juniper said "Wait". I looked over to her and she said "Before I forget I have a message to pass on to you from Grover."I looked and listened to her with my full attention. " First he wanted to say hi, he also says that he's really sorry for not being at camp and for not seeing you or trying to contact you sooner. He was really worried that you would make it back, but he says that he's really glad that you did. He really hopes that he can see you again some time soon and makeup for lost time, but nature still needs someone to take care of it. Sorry friend Grover Underwood." "Thanks Juniper, that really made my day.", I said to her. We both smiled at each other and then went off on our separate ways. So there I was sitting at the ping pong table in a metal fold out chair with the other cabin counselors. Everyone was either talking, bickering or fighting among one another, I mean I can't totally blame them, we were all at yet another boring meeting, we were really cramped together, and on top of that it was 93 degrees outside and the AC in the big house was broken( now I know how the Olympians feel in their meetings). Across from me sat Annabeth, her stormy grey eyes fully fixated in a Harry Potter book(seriously what's so good about that series?). Her blond hair was tied back in her usual pony tail, I could just look at her all day. That is until she looked up from her dork book and meet her eyes with mine, I smiled at her and she smiled back( One day I'm gonna marry that girl...oh gods I hope I said that in my head….and why does it feel like the Athena Parthenon is giving me a death glare). The noise was broken by Chiron walking or should I say clopping into the room in full centaur, when he arrived at the door way everyone went silent. He greeted everyone and proceed with the meeting. The whole ordeal was a whole lot of bla, bla, bla stuff and I mostly tuned out the whole thing, so did everyone else. Then Chiron finally said " I would like to wrap up today's meeting with-", before he could finish the front door of the big house slammed open which made everyone jump, seconds later a satyr who looked 15, but was probably 20 something, ran in the doorway, he supported his weight against the wall breathing heavily and his furry goat legs looked ready to collapse underneath him. He tried to say something, but the only noise that came out was raspy breaths. "Chester, Chester calm down breath!" the white centaur said trying to calm the exhausted satyr down. When Chester finally caught some his breath he squeaked out "We… found another… half-blood." All eyes went to the door to see a human figure emerging from the shadows. When the figure emerged, well to put it in a nice way, they were a sight to behold. It was a guy around "6 '1 I think, with a very thin fezeka, he had unusually pale skin like he stood in the cold weather for too long, his hair was snow white and his eyes were the craziest shade of icy blue you can think of ; on top of that they were very threatening and it almost felt like they were burrowing into your soul when he looked at you. His face on the other hand was something else, I couldn't tell what emotion he was wearing, his expression was stone cold and stiff but no less threatening or off putting. Also his fingernail were neatly trimmed and painted baby blue?( I guess everyone has their own thing?). On his right hand were two rings with a snowflake on each. He had no shoes on his feet and his pants were extremely torn apart, the left leg was completely torn away from mid section of the thigh, his shirt had a logo of something on it but was washed away, in addition it looked just like the his pants: torn apart, the right sleeve was missing and the section of material where the arm pit goes to the waist was gone, revealing his abdomen if you looked at him from the side. In his hand he held a jumbo side zip lock bag with some kind of clothing in it, and around his neck was a metal neck chain with snowflake on it( I guess this guy like winter or snow?). But that wasn't even the weirdest thing about him, he almost seemed to have a very cold aura around him and I mean like literally cold as in like from the moment that he walked into the room the temperature dropped 20 degrees. He stood there, just stood there for a solid min doing nothing but looking at all of us with his icy cold eyes and stern, unmoving, expressionless face. As you can well imagine it was very awkward, between the sudden drop in temperature and the cold dead silence( I better stop making puns). "Is someone going to offer me a seat or am I just going to stand here all day", The guy said in a cold dry voice. Chester the satyr quickly ran to the closet grabbed a fold out chair and plopped it open for him. The guy grabbed it from him(and didn't even so much as thank him) sat down and rested his elbow on the table. And cue the awkward silence again , and again he sat there and stared at me or maybe Annabeth? I could tell it was like he was staring at everyone with his threatening eyes, and I got the feeling that everyone was thinking the same exact thing. The silence and staring showdown continued on for at least 5 min, it ended when Chiron tried to break the ice. "Lemme stop you right there horseman", the guy said cutting off Chrions thought. " You can save me the sermon, I already know everything about the gods, the monster, the mist, bla, bla, bla. And I already know everything about the intro video you're gonna show me, and you, and this whole entire camp with the cabins and training, and the bla, bla, bla. So you can just skip to the part where I actually care." he said in the coldest most sarcastic voice. I honestly couldn't believe my ears! Not the whole he knew everything about the camp and the world around him part, but the way