Ridinghood Daring Train Journey Ruby Rose Potter frowned as she sat down in an empty compartment of the Hogwarts Express on her way to her sixth year of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. She was sixteen years old and bored, and she wasn't the greatest 'people' person. She was almost on par with Luna Lovegood for being weird. She looked out of the window at her reflection. Her left eye was a dark emerald green, and her right was a vivid silver. Her silver eye was magical. It was a replacement for her broken eye-allowing her to see better than ever. She no longer wore her glasses and her new eye had some special features. Though, she wouldn't go around telling anyone what her new eye could do. Ruby was slender and small chested, which didn't bother her much. She wasn't very tall, but she wasn't short either. She was just below average height for her age. She was wearing a black skirt that hung halfway down her thighs with a red strip around the edge, and a black corset top with white sleeves to her wrists and red ties up her chest, and black boots with red lace up her shins with long red socks up over her knees, and last a red cape hooked over her shoulders with a baggy red hood. Her hair was short and dark, black into red. It hung to her shoulders, longer over her small ears past her chin. She had a few strands of hair loose flowing over her forehead. Brushing her hair from her eyes she was startled as her door slid open. She looked up to see two girls standing in the doorway glaring at her as the train started moving. Their glares bounced off as they always would, and the girls didn't try that hard to intimidate her anyway. The two girls were beautiful-wearing Slytherin robes, and had some very nice tits, not that they even suspected she had 'peaked' on a few occasions but this was the best chance she had in a while. But she had to shake that off or they might start suspecting her of being a pervert and looking through their clothes. The first was a girl with long blonde hair tied back in a plait, to her waist. She had cool grey sexy eyes that Ruby wished she could stare into longer than she was allowed as she looked away as she always would after the initial staring match. The other girl had shortcut brown hair and dark blue eyes. She locked hold of Ruby's stare and didn't mind holding that smothering look. They were both taller than her with much larger chests with tight little bodies and firm butts, and in the same year as her. But they were different. They were naughty Slytherin girls. "Get out of here, Potter!" the brunette demanded coldly while not sounding all that convincing in her demand. "We want this compartment. Why don't you piss off and find somewhere else with some other piss pants Gryffindors where you belong!?" However, Ruby only gave them a cool glare in return. "Why don't you kiss my tight little arse? And then I'll piss on your face," she replied in nonchalance while keeping her expression monotone pleasant. Though the blonde, Daphne Greengrass let her pale cheeks light up; the brunette, Tracey Davis smirked coolly as she replied. "Bend over and I'll lick your arse! And you can piss on Daph's face," she said sneeringly. Ruby stood up glaring in mock coldness in replied, arms folded under her small chest. "Oh yeah, Davis?" she replied while Tracey stood her ground. "You wouldn't have the guts to grope Greengrass's tits through her robe, and she's your friend! So what makes you think you have the guts to lick my arse? Even more while I'm pissing all over your blondie there?" she said and asked smugly. "Tracey! Don't even think about it!" Daphne interrupted as Tracey turned to her with raised hands. But Daphne moved away and sat down on the seat opposite where Ruby had been sitting. "I'm not having anybody peeing on me thank you very much. And if you want to touch me you at least have to take me out on my first ever date first!" "Being told off with that sexy English accent?" Ruby said with a mock quiver. "I'm so jealous of you Davis. Before I met Daphne and her younger sister I thought that accent was only put on by American idiots." Tracey pouted and rolled her eyes as she slumped down into the seat next to her friend. "Well I get to hear it all the time," Tracey said after a few moments of thought with a smug smirk. "Yeah, well a certain Astoria Greengrass owes me two huge no-questions asked favours," Ruby said with a huge smug grin as she got up in Tracey's face. "I could get her to do any-thing," she said snickering. "Whatever…!" Tracey said coolly as Ruby retook her seat unconcerned with a smug grin still in place as the other two girls were very special pieces of eye-candy; even if they were wearing their Hogwarts robes; they left them undone on the warm train so Ruby could see the cute Slytherin coloured uniforms underneath, and their lovely legs in their black school skirts. "Please stop talking about me like that while I can hear you?" Daphne asked hopefully. "And please don't tell me what kind of trouble my silly sister had you bail her out of because I would rather not know. Its bad enough that she thinks you're funny." Ruby couldn't help but laugh, Astoria's pretty cool," she said thoughtfully before smirking. "And she's never been on a date before, either," she said teasingly. "So, Daphne Greengrass has never been out on a date of any kind?" Ruby couldn't help but ask as she turned her full attention to the blonde peace of hotness. Daphne's cool grey eyes looked to her with a shrug. "No I haven't, and I don't care what you think of me. Tracey hasn't either. Unless you count the times Tracey and I have eaten out together at Hogsmead? So, what?" Ruby shrugged. "It's just… well okay. I've never been out with anyone either. But if we are counting girl friends then I've been out with two different girls to Hogsmead. But if we're not counting other girls… well I would have thought that two girls as hot as you two would have all the boys at school asking you out. Heck, some girls too!" "We're picky, okay. Drop it Ruby Rose!" Tracey said coolly. "But I so would have the guts to kiss your arse! But us Slytherins can't be too chummy with Gryffindors; especially not you! Hero-girl! Only Astoria would be so brazen," she said, saying the last mockingly. "And you shouldn't put yourself down like that. We know that you know that you're beautiful. You wouldn't put so much effort into your appearance if you didn't!" Ruby rolled her eyes coolly. "Whatever, Tracey!" she replied, turning from the two girls to look out of the window, watching the world go by as she hid her blush as it was always nice to be complimented by someone you fancied even if they didn't feel the same way in return it was an ego boost. They were all quiet for a few minutes before Ruby turned from the scenery outside her train compartment to the scenery the two Slytherin girls presented her inside her compartment. Once she had regained her composure and evened out her breathing. "Okay, girls, I'll bite. What do you want?" Ruby asked thoughtfully. "Neither of you have actively gone out of your way to bother me like this before. And where is that annoying stink-bug, Parkinson you're normally with anyway? She's normally the one coming to bother me with that idiot Malfoy!" "Well they're not here, obviously!" Tracey said coolly. "We don't do everything those idiots say! Probably off doing fuck knows what! We caught them in the same toilet cubical once… well we heard them!" she laughed while Daphne bit her lower lip. "We heard Pansy at any rate. 'Look how fast it gushes out of your fanny, Bianca!'," she said mocking the other girls squeaky and annoying voice. "Daph and I just walked slowly away before we heard any more. I know Malfoy's probably hard up because barely anyone likes her because of all the trouble she causes but doing things like that with a girl too embarrassed to use the showers regularly… just… just gross." "Saw her naked once last term!" Daphne said with a smirk on her lips. "She didn't notice me and I snuck off before she did. She obviously stuffs her bra-a lot. Her boobs are barely there. Just nipple topped cones, and a hairless crouch. I bet Malfoy gets to see it all the time as she stops anyone from using the bathroom when she's in there! But Pansy still only showers once or twice a week!" Ruby was having trouble keeping from laughing. "Maybe Malfoy gets off on the smell!" "I wouldn't be surprised!" Tracey agreed laughingly as all three girls were red cheeked from suppressed giggles. "But that isn't why we're here. We need your help. And this seems to be something only you can do. It's about Daphne's younger sister, Astoria, and you encouraging her. She has a serious problem-!" "Oh, you mean because she stalks me!?" Ruby asked reasonably, shrugging as the two Slytherin girls looked at her in surprise. "It's really sweet that you wouldn't think I know that Astoria is a nutbar who wants to do some really naughty things to me. And amusing because she's in Slytherin. She even sends me these cute love letters, and sometimes her used underwear!" Ruby turned to Daphne and shook her head sadly. "Your sister is really kinky… and that super sexy accent of hers, so gets me wet," Ruby said while they both blushed brighter than ever while she held in a snicker. "But I see you want something, and you were going to try bargaining for it? But I'll tell you girls what-since I find Astoria's advances rather… adorable and harmless, I'll do you a favour… sort of I scratch your backs, and in return when I have need of you both, you scratch mine; deal?" "Deal," Daphne said nervously. "B-but please don't hurt my sister or break her heart or something; let her down gently if you have too." "I would never hurt her," Ruby said seriously this time. "Wow, the thought of you and Astoria is so hot!" Tracey interrupted with a wicked grin while Daphne and Ruby rolled their eyes. "But not as hot as the thought of Daphne and her sister. They look so alike if Astoria weren't grinning with 'evil' ideas all the time and did Daph's Snow Queen routine they could be twins." "Shut up, Trace," Daphne said coolly. "I am not that cold. I'm a Slytherin. That is what we do. Like the way, Ruby is reckless?" "at least I think things through first," Ruby said. "So what if sometimes I choose the more violent way; it's more fun." "I don't think that's the Gryffindor way either," Tracey said impishly. "I think that's more like the Ruby Rose way. There are some really weird rumours about you and your not-very-Dumbledore-Gryffindor-ish ways." "So I should take Astoria out on a date and be nice to her," Ruby blurted out the first thing to enter her head to change the subject. "I think you owe her a kiss!" Daphne said with a shrug as Ruby's eyes widened. "On the lips. Open mouth. With tongue. But I thought we established that she wasn't a problem. You scratch our backs, and we scratch yours?" "Okay..." Ruby said slowly. "Other than wanting to watch me snog your super cute and sexy little sister…