Disclaimer: I do not own PJO or HoO Author's Note: Hello my friends! This is my newest story Son of the Moon. I have read some stories where Percy was Artemis's son and thought they were pretty good so I decided to start one. I mentioned this in my Assassins of Chaos story that I might start this so this first chapter will be a preview until enough people in either this story or my Assassins of Chaos story say they want me to continue this. Also I decide this will not be a romance story unless everyone is saying: 'have Percy get a girlfriend!' The reason he will not is because he is Artemis's son and she does not do the whole love thing. Yes she does have a son, but the reason why and how will be explained later on. Also check out my Assassins of Chaos story which is an epic action packed Pertemis and Thalico story. Without further ado here is the first chapter and I hope you enjoy my story. Chapter 1: Rape (I just told you why she has a son.) Artemis POV I was lying on my bed in my temple crying my eyes out. Me Artemis the proud goddess of virgins and maidens just got sexual assaulted by a man. A god to be exact. Even though he poisoned me before so I could do nothing I still feel awful. Me are total monsters and have no respect for women. All they want is sex and to be complete savages. All of the men I have met that I thought would be good men and not some sex craved nut job has proven to be even worse than the other. The only reason they acted that way around me is probably because they wanted to bed me and my hunters. Wait my hunters! Oh gods I hope they don't hate me or get taken away from me because of this! I cried even harder at the thought of that happening. Probably the only man that would ever be acceptable would be a son of mine which will never happen unless… I was thinking this when my powers as the goddess of childbirth kicked in and felt something in my stomach. This can't be happening I can't be pregnant! I thought to myself. After another hour of crying I finally got up because the poison wore off. I knew I could not get an abortion because of me being a goddess and the baby probably being a god or goddess so I would have to give him or her to someone once he or she was born. I sighed happy that godly pregnancies only lasted six weeks and did not show. Also all of that weird stuff that happens when mortals get pregnant don't happen so that is another plus. I could probably get away with this because I am the goddess of childbirth so it would probably be near painless. I nodded my head and decided that I would have to go with this plan and would wait until the last possible moment to revel this or it is revealed somehow. I flashed myself to my tent in the hunt's campsite and walked out and over to my Lieutenant Zoe's tent. I was going to tell her that the hunt will be put on hold for two months and hope she would not ask any questions. I unzipped her door and walked in calling out, "Zoe!" I looked around and saw her start to stir in her bed. "Yes milady?" She asked turning to face me. "The hunt is to be put on hold for two months. You can stay here, but I need to be on Olympus." I told her. "Ok, but milady if I may why is it put on hold are we not doing well enough?" She asked me with a hint of sadness in her voice and on her face. "No, no, no! Zoe all of you are doing great. The reason is I have things to take care of and all of you need a break." I told her then added, "Good night Zoe." "Good night milady." She said to me as I zipped up her tent. For the next six weeks I looked through files of people I thought could raise a child for me very well. My needs is that they know the Greek gods exist, can see through the mist, a kind woman that will teach him or her to teach women right, and will let them hunt with real weapons I will give the woman to give my child when the time is right. Also I have decided to put a spell on the child so he or she would grow at human speed, but stop once they reach age twenty one so they don't have any mortal rules over them. The spell also will disguise the ichor as regular mortal blood, but the child will still be immortal. After four and a half weeks of searching I found one woman who I thought would work perfectly. Her name is Sally Jackson. She lives in New York and is close to Olympus in case I want to come down and see my child or needs to send him there in case of emergencies. I flashed myself down to her apartment door and changed how I look so I don't look like a goddess, but a regular person. I also decided that she would be the only one to know who I am and who the child is. I lifted my hand and knocked on the door. I heard some shuffling around in the apartment and someone open the door. "Hello?" The woman as Sally said opening the door. "Hi, are you Sally Jackson?" I asked her switching my feet because I am a little nervous about this. "Yes I am and who are you?" She asked me with a look of panic on her face. I laughed at her face then said, "No need to worry I am not going to hurt you in any way. I am Artemis, goddess of the hunt, and moon. (I know there are more, but I did not feel like listing them all.) I would like to ask you a favor." Sally looked at me in shock before saying, "Of course, come in! Sorry milady and do I need to bow or anything?" "No please do not bow or call me milady or Lady Artemis, just call me Artemis." I told her walking in. "Sorry for not having the place nicer, but I was not expecting anyone. Also what were you going to ask me?" She asked. I shifted my feet feeling a bit awkward before saying, "I think we need to sit down for this." Sally nodded and led me into her living room. I took a seat on a sofa and Sally asked me, "Would you like me to get you something La_ I mean Artemis. Sorry it is weird for me to talk to a god or goddess the same way as I would talk to a friend." "No I am fine. I am sorry for acting a bit strange if I have I just do not like my current position at all right now. It has nothing to do with you either. Well actually it might." I told her. "What is it if it has to do with me I want to know if I did something wrong or what?" She asked me a little scared. "I hate talking about this even though I have not told anyone this, but I was raped by another god after he poisoned me so I could not move or do anything. As a result of that I was made pregnant by him. I have not told anyone because I would by ridiculed for that and would then kill the child. Also don't ask his name because it would draw his attention which I do not need and it kills me to even think about this. I am here to ask you to take care of my child because I cannot." I told her looking down at the floor in shame. "Don't put yourself down all of this was out of your control. Also why would you choose me? I have done nothing great in my life to even be acknowledged by the gods." She asked completely bewildered. "I should have been able to stop that. As for the reasons why I asked you are because I have done research on all possible candidates and found you to be the most qualified." I told her and explained why, "The reasons are: You know the Greek gods exist, can see through the Mist, are a very caring and modest person, I trust that you will allow my child to have weapons because they will need it, and I have seen what your life was like and saw it was not a good one. That is why I trust you to raise the child like a good parent instead of a bad one." "Well thank you for that, but what do I tell my friends and other people how I ended up with a child?" She asked me. "Adoption otherwise I would have to use the Mist which I am already using a lot on the child." I told her. "You see the reason why I have to use the Mist is because the child is not normal. Since he had a godly father and mother he or she will also be a god or goddess. I am using the Mist so it looks like he has red mortal blood instead of golden immortal blood. Also I put a spell on him or her so that he or she grows at the same rate as a mortal. The spell will also stop him or her from growing at the age of twenty one so he or she will not be bound by any mortal laws." "Ok that makes sense. I will accept your offer then. I only have one question that will affect how I raise the child." She said. "Go on. I want to make this as easy for you as possible." I told her with a smile knowing this part of the problem is out of the way. "Should I tell the child about the Greek gods and goddess is and the legends about them or no?" She asked me and I thought that is a good question. "Yes, but do not tell him he or she is part of the messed up family tree of gods and demigods. Try to hide who the child truly is as long as possible." I told her seriously hoping she would understand my reasoning. "I understand and you will be welcome to come and see the child whenever you like." She told me. "Thank you so much Sally. If you ever need anything just ask because I will always keep an ear open for things from you." I told her standing up. "Oh that is nice of you. Also I will not have the child call me mom because I don't want to take that away from you." She said and smiled at me making me smile happy that I might be able to still have the position as his or her mom. "Thank you Sally that means a lot. Oh, before I forget here." I handed her a credit card, "This will be able to cover any expenses you may have with a little extra. Consider this payment or returning a favor." "That is not necessary, but thank you that will help a lot." She thanked me. We started walking towards the door and stopped in front of it. "Also the child might inherit a few of my traits like being protective over girls who may cause some, erm problems some minor and possibly but not likely major. An