A/N: So... yeah. This is a thing now. "So, you see my boy, I did it all for the greater good," Professor Dumbledore said, a slight twinkle in his eyes as he drawled out in his antique, kindly old accent. Harry, of course, had a hard time understanding why Dumbledore had taken literally every last galleon he owned, and how giving it all to the Weasleys was part of the greater good. Ever since Voldemort's return this past summer, he felt like his whole world was collapsing in around him—and no one was telling him the truth about anything! When he finally went out to get answers himself, he learned the horrible truth: that Dumbledore had made him poorest student at Hogwarts. But he couldn't grow despondent. Perhaps the Professor was right, after all. The Ministry were the true villains of the present, denying Voldemort's return while simultaneously putting a toad in charge of overseeing Hogwarts. They nearly expelled him after a dementor tried to suck his soul out. To make matters worse, they were forcing him to marry Daphne Greengrass, or Milicent Buttstrode, or Tracy Davis, or any other number of women Harry was pretty sure didn't actually exist, all part of a 'marriage law' which he had never heard of until this summer and was pretty sure came out of nowhere. "I think I understand," Harry said. "You took all of my money, to defeat Voldemort." Dumbledore's eye twinkled at that. "Ahh, my boy, I did it for the greater good." "You already said that." "Mmm yes, the greater good." "Which is to defeat Voldemort?" "Mmm," Dumbledore said, before reaching into his pockets and pulling out a little yellow candy. "Lemon drop?" As Harry reached out to grab the candy, a greyish-black streak of light hit the Professor square in the chest. Dumbledore, his hand still outstretched, carrying the little lemon drop immediately started to age more—his wrinkles became more pronounced, his hair grew out, his teeth fell out. Harry watched in horror as the Professor's eyes bulged out and disintegrated, followed quickly by the remainder of his skin. Now a skeleton, the once mighty wizard started to crumble into dust and ashes, floating away with the slightest breeze. Harry couldn't help but inhale some of Dumbledore; he had only just realized his mouth had been open the whole time. His first thought went to Voldemort, that he had finally quashed his old nemesis. But then, he considered the Ministry, and how much they hated Dumbledore. He looked behind slowly, towards the door leading up to Dumbledore's office. Standing in the doorway was Dumbledore himself, albeit a Dumbledore with a shorter beard and crazier hair and no glasses. Harry looked back at the now naked robes that once contained the former Professor. Yep, it was still there. "What?" Harry asked as his mind raced into a million pieces. The other Dumbledore burped, walking past him as he did, before reaching down and grabbing the lemon drop originally offered to Harry. With a swish of his wand, the other Dumbledore vanished the original Dumbledore, and with that job done, took a swig out of a flask of what appeared to be a bottle of Skele-Gro. With another burp, he turned back to Harry. "Who are you?" Harry asked. "Geez Harry," he said, burping out the word Harry. "I knew you weren't the brightest kid in school, but I thought you were smarter than that." "You're Dumbledore?" Harry asked. "Duh, who else would I be?" Harry's mind raced to Voldemort. The new Dumbledore bit into the lemon drop he reclaimed from his other deceased self, before spitting it out. "Actual candy. Can, can you believe that old codger, Harry? Here Harry, try this." Dumbledore reached into his pockets, pulled out a plastic baggy, and retracted a single yellow rock. "Wha, what is this?" Harry asked as he bit cautiously into the odd-looking lemon drop. "It's Goblin crack," Dumbledore said. "Let this be a lesson to you kid. Don't—" he stopped to burp, "accept candy from old men." "Crack, you mean like drugs?" Harry asked as his eyes widened and he felt a slight tingling in his extremities. "Keep up, Harry," Dumbledore said, taking a handful of the rocks and shoving them down his own gullet. "Yes, drugs." "Oh man, Professor, I can't be doing drugs at school." Before Dumbledore could respond, Harry noticed he was falling into a world filled with naked Cho Changs and fully-clothed Hermiones. Voldemort was there too, singing about long lost loves and the beauty of the world. Harry fell further, into the wide-open mouth of a hem-hemming Umbridge, inside of which he found Santa's workshop, with the elves replaced by mini-Hagrids. Together, they made beautiful dragon babies and used them to claw out Snape's eyes. Then, they spelled the words out, 'THE GREATER GOOD', before disintegrating into ash. "Harry, wake up," a voice said. Something hit him across the face, and he was suddenly back in Dumbledore's office, lying on the floor in the fetal position. This strange, new Dumbledore was still there, the old Dumbledore lost to memory. "Wha-what happened?" he asked. "Goblin crack, Harry," Dumbledore said. "Looks like it was your first time. You were out for a whole day." "A whole day?" Harry asked. "But what about my classes?" If Hermione ever found out about this… "Kid," Dumbledore burped. "These classes, school, it's all pointless. Which is why you're going to help me." "Help you do what?" "Everything. I need a new assistant. Last one got squanched up." "But what happened to the other Dumbledore? And what about Voldemort? And Hogwarts?" Harry asked, each question raising his own anxiety. "What Harry, you think that Dumbledorp was the real deal? Harry, that was a parasitic fae that fed off your life forces." "Really?" Harry asked. "How'd it get inside the castle?" "I let it inside, Harry. I needed someone to take my place while I did actually important stuff." "Wait, you let that thing inside the castle? What the hell, Professor?" "Well, first, Harry, I'm not a Professor. Haven't been once since the 40s." Dumbledore stopped to take another shot of Skele-Gro. "Second, Harry, I've had several doppelgangers, clones, or alternate reality versions of me take over this headmaster gig for a while now." "Wait, so this is the first time I'm meeting you? The real you?" "Yep, life's a real bitch, isn't it Harry? You thought I was the Yoda to your parents' Obi-Wan, turns out, the Yoda to your parents was actually an intelligent life-sucking force, like my ex-wife." "You were married?" "Three times, though that business with Grindelwald doesn't count. Now, c'mon Harry, we've spent too much time tripping balls. We need to find another replacement me to do this dumb job." "But what about Voldemort? And the Ministry?" "Spoiler alert, Voldemort dies and the Ministry doesn't do jack shit, Harry." "How do you know he'll be defeated?" Harry asked. "Ugh, c'mon Harry, it's the basic arc of storytelling. Bad guy does bad things, good guys do Goblin crack, and eventually, these things sort of sort themselves out." Dumbledore made a circle with his wand, opening up a clear portal to an entirely different place. "Now, c'mon, my order should be about done." Curiosity drove Harry to follow Dumbledore into the portal. He really didn't trust this new Dumbledore, and wasn't even sure if he was having some sort of rabid hallucination or lucid dream. As he passed through the breach, he was surprised not to feel anything. He'd heard of first-time apparition, how most people suffered through nausea or at least some form of discomforting turndown. But, Harry felt nothing; yet, he saw he was in a marvelous new place: tall buildings surrounded him, complete with green gardens between them and countless strange looking creatures walking about on glass-paved roads. Above, he saw a domed ceiling colored a lightish blue, and beyond that, the planet Earth, with its tell-oceans and continents. It was clear to Harry then: they were on the Moon. "Woah, did we just apparate here?" Harry asked, and noticing Dumbledore was already striding forward without him, hurried to catch up. "We didn't apparate, Harry," Dumbledore said. "You know how," he stopped to burp, nearly vomiting this time but stopping himself before he could truly lurch, "dangerous apparition is? Harry, it's like rubbing your face in fecal smallpox, only the smallpox is sick with the black plague. Look Harry, I know this is a lot to take in, but apparition involves shrinking yourself down to a near atomic level, and then using your tinier mass to propel yourself forward at post-Newtonian speeds. Take it from me, portals are safer." "Then why does everyone do it?" Harry asked. "People, wizards especially, are dumb, Harry. You ever look in the mirror? That's about as great as wizarding society is going to get." "Are we on the moon?" Harry asked, looking back to the planet Earth, not noticing or not caring about the delivered insult. "Keep up, Harry," Dumbledore said. "Yes, we're on the moon, yes, aliens are real, and yes, that is a three-boobed alien." Harry hadn't even been paying attention when he nearly slammed head-first into the aforementioned alien. Dodging the swinging mammaries, he noticed that she had no face nor head. "Professor, this is all so crazy. I mean, one second, I'm in your office, and then bam! I'm on the moon." "You're not even the first wizard to be on the moon," Dumbledore said. "Yep, Harry, humanity's been part of the galactic community for a while. Did you know that the current President of the United States is a lizard man from a neighboring galaxy? You know Harry, it's kind of odd that America claims it's so progressive, and sure, it elects a lizard to be their President, but they haven't even elected a black man yet to be President. That's like, speciest against your own species." "I didn't even know he was a lizard," Harry said, trying to imagine the American President's puffy face and a lizard behind it. "Most people don't," Dumbledore said with a burp. "On his world, his people take lot longer to mature, so while we humans, we go through phases of 'I wanna be a firefighter' or 'I wanna be President', their phases last for a couple dozen years. He's just one lizard man, living up his lizard-child dream, while still being a lizard-child." Harry was about to ask a follow-up question when he noticed a large, several meter-long snake slithering down the sidewalk. It looked familiar, like he had seen it before. When his eyes hovered to the black sash around its eyes, obscuring them entirely, his worst fear since second year crept up from their near-repressed state. "Is that a basilisk?" he asked, his voice little more than a whimper. Dumbledore burped. "It's rude to point, Harry," he said, pulling Harry's arm down—not that Harry had even noticed he was pointing. "And it's even ruder to ask if someone's a certain species. I mean, Harry, does anyone ever go to you and ask if you're a human? I mean, I bet some have, since you're such a piss poor representation of our entire species. They must go, 'wow, this must be one of them chia-humans or something, no way this is the real deal'. Right Harry?" "Uhh…" Harry said, his mind still focused on the giant behemoth, whose venom killed with a single drop and whose glare could petrify. "Is it… is it safe to be around?" "Of course not Harry," Dumbledore said. "Nothing in this world is safe. We give little eleven year old kids magical death sticks which they then can use to literally end the world. We have them make potions that can either change your hair color or be used to make nerve gas, depending on how many drops of talcum powder you put in it. Prison guards are run by immortal soul-sucking creatures.