Author's Note: I am absolutely excited to start this story and can only hope that all of you will love it too :) Review your opinions ^_^ Unspoken Wishes Chapter One "Long Time, No See" PART ONE Late June, 1978. Petunia Evans was nineteen and a half years old when an amazing series of events started to change her life in a way she had never considered possible. But before everything began to change wonderfully for her, Petunia had one chief grievance...her younger sister, Lily Evans. Petunia shared a very complicated and delicate relationship with her sister. Despite being older, she always seemed to be overshadowed by the young woman. Whether in talents, looks, or affection, Lily always won and Petunia was weary of it. Not only did her parents dote on Lily and usually ignore her, but everybody around her seemed to do the same. But it wasn't just the fact that Lily always got better grades, received more compliments, got engaged first (even though she was younger) or was the gem of the family; It was the fact that Lily once again got chosen by whatever power was above...and got granted the ability to do magic. That, naturally, had been the final straw. All her life Petunia had longed to be special, to be a witch just like her sister...even if she denied it passionately. And now, even as an adult, she still craved it. Craved it so desperately that it was like a deep ache in her chest. An ache that had never quenched, no matter how many pretenses she put up showcasing herself as someone who hated anything magical or out of the ordinary. Briefly, it was painful and difficult to see the younger sister you had loved so much to grow up to be better than you, more loved than you, more talented than you, and finally be more special than you in any way there could be...by being magical. And then expect you to cope with it just as you had coped with her other superior capabilities. This particular evening, Petunia was sitting on her bed and finishing her college assignment. It was a typical practice, but these days it was accompanied by loud talking and laughing from downstairs. Lily was home for the holidays. She had graduated from her school and their parents had been ecstatic to welcome her home. Petunia, however, had been worried about the extended amount of time she would have to spend with her sister now that she wasn't going to be going back to that school again. Not that Petunia suspected that Lily would be leaving soon, anyhow. She was, as previously mentioned, engaged. Her fiance' was an untidy-haired, bespectacled man who Petunia couldn't help hating with a passion. Arrogant, rude, noisy, and deeply in love with her sister, James Potter was the definition of a prat. But Lily had been swept off her feet and Petunia scowled as she realized that she had yet to find her Prince Charming-and she was older! Petunia had known that Lily would have found suitors the moment she set foot into her stupid school, but it was more than a little overdue for her. Petunia's pencil was starting to break her paper in her resentment. She put it down and took big, deep breaths. She stood up and walked over to her window. She could see the Playground outside. Grassy, almost always abandoned, and adorned by a rusted swings-set, it used to be one of her childhood self's favourite places to go to. Until...no, she was not indulging in any more negative thoughts. She was going to calm down. Petunia twitched the curtains close. XXX Severus toweled his face dry, then stared at himself in the conjured mirror hanging on the wall. Almost everything in the room was conjured. The towel, the basin of water he had been using, the mattress on the floor he had been napping on... It wasn't everyday you got kicked out of your home, but to Severus Snape, it wasn't very unexpected either. He was surprised it had taken his father so long. Tobias Snape had never liked him, and he had liked his magical abilities even less. So the minute he had knocked on the crumbling door of his house, back from his last year at Hogwarts and eager to tell his mother about what he hoped his N.E.W.T. results would be, he had been grabbed by the collar, forced to argue vehemently with his infuriating father, and then kicked out of his own home. After swearing profusely at the slammed door, he had gone property hunting. And now he was currently vacating an old, run-down shed. It had been abandoned and decent enough to inhabit until he got a better place, and so Severus had taken it for himself. Severus brushed the shabby jacket he was wearing and then looked at the mirror again. He had to look perfect today. Under no circumstances was he going to be rejected. Because Severus's plan was to apologize to Lily and win her back. He sincerely hoped that her resentment towards him had mellowed down after two years of them being apart. Brushing a strand of hair away from his face, Severus steeled himself for what he was about to do. If this went right, Lily would be his friend again within an hour. And everything would finally be back to normal. XXX A Couple of Hours Later... Lily Evans and James Potter were sitting in the living-room, eating crisps and talking animatedly. Petunia was making herself coffee in the kitchen and ignoring them. James trailed a hand through Lily's hair as she cuddled close to him. "It's so nice not to have mum and dad at home. Just you and me alone," she said. "Mmm. And I'll be here the entire weekend, so we can go out for dinner sometime too." "Oh, James!" Lily flushed happily. "I'd love that!" She leant up to kiss him on the cheek and then flinched slightly as a series of loud knocks came from the door. Petunia poked her head out of the kitchen but Lily was on it. "I'll get it," she said cheerfully, getting up from the couch and moving towards the door. "Yes?" She asked, swinging the door open. Then she froze, her face paling. She stared in disbelief out of the door as a shocked silence filled the room. Petunia angled her head, trying to see who was outside. She was very confused when she saw a tall, young man and curiously went closer, keeping herself hidden from view all the while. Lily's eyes were very nearly bulging out of their sockets. There, standing on her doorstep and looking very nervously at her, was Severus Snape. "Severus? What are you doing here?" Lily's voice was a harsh whisper when she finally recovered. Severus was laughing shakily as he ran a hand through his hair. "Er, Lily. Hello." He said. "Can I come inside?" He stared at her calmly but his eyes were pleading. "No, you cannot! Go away!" She held the door between them, looking suspicious and horrified. What was he doing here? Petunia couldn't hear very well yet. She tried to find a closer spot. Then she stared hard at the young man. She couldn't quite put her finger on it, but she had definitely seen him before somewhere. But where? The thought was bothering her. "Who is it, Lily?" James asked. He walked over to the two of them curiously, then stopped short when he saw who was outside. Snape's face went absolutely white. "What is he doing here?" He blurted out angrily before he could stop himself. Lily was indignant. "What the hell do you mean by that, Severus?" She demanded. "He's my boyfriend!" Petunia felt like she had been hit in the stomach with a club. Of course. She did know him after all; he was that...he was that Snape boy! She blinked, then flushed. He wasn't a boy at all anymore. He was rather tall and his face even held a little bit of stubble, which was actually rather...endearing. And his voice was so deep and...and he had just changed so much! Petunia couldn't believe just how much, it was shocking to see the little boy she had insulted and ridiculed mercilessly look so old and mature. He was actually almost attractive. She suddenly gagged. He was a freak and she used to hate him! How could she think such thoughts? It was disgusting! She shook herself. She was obviously very tired from college and needed some rest. Besides, no wonder she was a little shocked. Ever since Lily had broken her friendship with Snape, Petunia had never seen him again and had eventually forgotten all about him. In fact, she had stopped seeing him after he was 13 or 14, as she had kept herself further and further away from her sister and he had started to visit the house less often. It was startling to see him now, and she suddenly realized that she had often occasionally wondered how he was faring but had then pushed those thoughts aside. James was still looking shocked but Lily's comment seemed to rouse him. "What do you think you're doing here, Snivellus?" He growled, sneering. Snape's hands clenched into fists. "I need to talk to Lily. Alone." "Well, I don't want to talk, Severus," Lily hissed. "I want you to leave immediately," "But-" "Well, what did you think, Snivellus?" James demanded, sneering even more now. "That you'd come running back here for forgiveness and she'd welcome you back with open arms? Well, think again. We all know how evil and twisted you are, and even worse, you're a Death Eater . Are your psycho friends around the corner, ready to ambush us or what?" "You-you shut your mouth," Severus growled, scarlet, his fists clenching even tighter. "Oh, I'm sorry. They say the truth hurts, though," "James," Lily said rebukingly. "Enough," But James was on a roll. "Anyway, Snivelly, you're too late. Lily and I are dating now, in case your thick skull couldn't comprehend it, while you're still fantasizing about the day she'll come running back to you. In fact, forget dating, we're engaged . Expect a wedding date any time soon." And that was about the limit of Severus's tolerance. "You bloody bastard -" Severus came forward in a blur, raised his fist and- thwack -punched James hard across the face. James stumbled as Lily shrieked and Petunia gasped. But he managed to regain his balance awkwardly and aim a punch back at Severus. Severus stumbled too, then. He turned around, absolutely furious, and raised his fist again. "No!" Lily grabbed hold of Severus's arm. "Stop it, stop!" James wiped his mouth, shaken up. "What? Unable to handle reality any longer, Snivelly?" Severus wrenched himself away from Lily's hold and glared hard at James. He stared at him hatefully for a few ferocious seconds, then turned around. He walked out the door, down the street, and out of sight. He left a shocked and startled silence in his wake. XXX Petunia finally allowed herself to come into view. She was very shaken up by what had happened. Seeing Lily and James antagonize Snape, and then Snape retaliate in that way...it was just shocking. She walked over to Lily and James timidly. Lily was sitting on the couch, defeated, head in her hands. James was still muttering foul names for Snape. "How dare he try to hit me! What was his problem? Why the hell did he come here anyway?" "I don't know, I don't know. I don't know what he wanted. We broke friends, but he always tried to fix things even though I told him I wanted nothing to do with him, a Death Eater. But he's-he's not a Death Eater, is he? I don't think-" "He will be, though, there's no doubt about that!" "Yeah, I guess." "Let's forget