Published: 06.05.15 *Complete chapter* Last Edited: Date of publish Word count: 4,737 So~ Hi guys! I know it's been long and I haven't exactly been- Oh god! Please don't shot me! I swear it wasn't on purpose! I just, you know... erh, I didn't exactly like it? Let me clarify (If you're new to this you can just skip the whole thing, as this doesn't concern you), 'The Underworld Princess' was a story I had started thinking about way back in, what? Summer 2012? Or something, and as you can see, it's been a long time. I had just started out writing at that time, and perhaps wasn't the best (let's be honest, I sucked ) so when I read through it now? I honestly can't believe how many of you guys actually liked it, and it makes me so happy to know that you did, but it also means I feel like I owe you something better. Better written, better thought out, better character development, just... better . This is why I decided to have a 'do over' so to say, and I really do hope you'll stick with me through it. But thank you for all the lovely comments and reviews, and for now, enjoy the first chapter. Prologue "When Heroes meet." Percy Jackson. She didn't know what to think of the new kid. He looked like your average troublemaker, but... those bright sea-green eyes of his told another story. Maybe he was different from the rest of those morons? She scoffed quietly. Who cared anyway? Better of on her own, she was, and he would soon see that as well. Yancy Academy was apparently his sixth school in six years - how he ever managed to get thrown out (she assumed he got thrown out) of every single one of them was a mystery, but she did have some ideas - and wasn't that a surprise? No, not here at least, because Yancy was the place troubled kids like this Jackson and herself, among others, were placed when no one else wanted them. Or when rich parents didn't know what to do and just dumped their kids here. Either way, everyone who ended up here was abandoned in some way or other. This wasn't a cause for tears however, for when no one wanted them, they made their own families and groups. Some where obviously better crowds than others, but the idea of community was there no matter what - people just had different interpretations of the word. "Mr. Jackson, there's a free seat other there." Mr. Smith waved his hand none-commendable in her direction. Of course there was a free seat next to her, she snidely thought, she had made sure of that. The tables where all meant for two people, but she liked her personal space, thank you very much, which meant no one was allowed to sit next to her. She had gone through too much trouble to make it so, she wouldn't allow Jackson to ruin that now. He would soon realised just how precious her personal space was to her. "Hi, I'm Percy." She looked at him from the corner of her eyes, never really turning her head away from the window. Jet-black hair, tan, he looked a bit like a skater if you asked her. She huffed, gaze wandering back to the outside. "Good for you." She could almost hear him frowning, chair scratching against the floor as he pulled it out and sat down. "But you might want to find a new seat." "Why?" he sounded confused. "There ain't any other." "Too bad. I don't like people in my personal space." "How big is your bubble?" She quirked a smirk. "Oh about to where you're sitting and then some." "I'm not moving." He stated. Her smirk vanished and she didn't bother to give a retort. There was no need too, because in the end, he would turn out to be like everyone else. It would start of slowly - he would shift away from her; flinch if he accidentally touched her; say anything to please her -, but then it would escalate and he wouldn't even want to look at her in fear of summoning her wrath. He would be just like everyone else, she knew it. .01 A month had gone by now. And Jackson was still sitting besides her. "Hey." "Oy." "Hey, grumpy." " What ." Seriously? Couldn't he just leave her alone? Jackson slid a piece of paper over to her, sending her an almost kicked puppy dog look as he looked up through dark lashes. "I erh, I don't get this..." She took a glance at the paper. Basic algebra, easy, solve for x. "And what do you want me to do about it?" He shifted in his seat, as if it actually pained him to do this. "Help me?" She gave him one look. "No." "What?" He didn't even sound that surprised. "Please?" "No." "Come on!" A harsh glare from Mrs. Dodds had him quickly quieting down. Mrs. Dodds was this little fifty-year-old math teacher from Georgia, who always wore a black leather jacket and looked mean enough to ride a Harley into your locker. Sometimes she even looked pissed enough to run you over instead, but then again, she usually looked that way when her gaze turned to Jackson. Mrs. Dodds hadn't always been there, she had come in when the last math teacher had had a nervous break down. She twirled the pencil in her hand, smirking inwardly. That may or not have been her fault actually. "No. Now leave me alone." "I'll- I'll give you some candy - for free?" Was he really trying to bribe her? A smirk crossed her face. She'd see where this would go. "Oh?" Jackson nodded viciously. "Yeah!" He glanced around, no doubt looking to see if Mrs. Dodds heard him, before lowering his voice again. "Yeah, I mean, yes- yes , I'll give you erh, what'd you want?" She leaned her elbows on the table, placing her head in her palms. "Why do you want my help so bad?" He grimaced, a certain emotion that she was starting to really get to know crossed his face. "Don't wanna give Mrs. Dodds a reason to give me detention again." She hummed, before giving her final verdict. "Still not helping you." .02 He wanted to know her name. "None of your business." "But I need to know what to call you, I can't just keep on calling you 'hey you', or 'grumpy'." "Seems to be going well enough." Jackson huffed out through his nose, features twisted in a frown and lips tugging down. "What's your problem anyway? I'm trying to be nice, but you just keep on shooting me down!" She snarled, words coming out through her teeth. She was thoroughly done with the extra baggage and just so tired of it . "Take a fucking hint." He glared at her, but she didn't even blink. "Is it really that great to be alone?" Before she had a chance to answer that ' yes , it was wonderful, now leave ', he continued, face flushed with anger, "I've seen you. You always act like you don't care, that you don't want friends, but I've seen you." For the first time, she felt a rush of shame fill her and she turned her head away from those knowing sea-green eyes. Oh she knew what he was talking about alright, and she didn't like it one bit . She didn't answer, prompting Jackson to fill the silence. "You say how you want your 'personal space' but you wince every time someone flinches away from you. And I've seen the way you look at the other groups, so don't even think of denying it." Still, she didn't say anything. "What's holding you back? What are you so afraid-?" "I'm not afraid." She snapped. "Well there's clearly something ." She closed her mouth. She had nothing to say to that. "... Fuck off." "No." She seethed, turing to fully face Jackson and first now noticing their difference in height as she had to crane her head up to actually look him in the eyes. "What do you want?! Is it protection? Did you piss off some of the older kids and now you're trying to get me to take care of them for you?!" She shoved him back. "Or are you just trying to get into the higher levels of the school's hierarchy? Don't you fucking get it? People avoid me for a reason , and I want nothing to do with you god damned bastards." She was huffing and puffing from her rant, chest moving up and down, as she unclenched her fists, crescent moons imbedded into her skin. Furious, she was furious - who did he think he was? - and it was only getting worse as the silence dragged on. She had been right, he really was only trying to befriend her because he wanted- "I just want to know your name." What? She blinked, bodily rearing back as if hit. What did he say? He just- He wanted to know her name? No, no that couldn't be the only thing, she wouldn't believe it, because... because he was just like everyone else . "Why?" "Because I want to be your friend." She felt like a parrot. "W hy ?" Jackson frowned, nonplussed, before he shifted his weight and licked his lips. He shrugged. "I just... I don't know, you're... I feel like... we're the same in some way..." he finished lamely. What was this guy's deal ? She swallowed. Should she take the chance? "Pixie." " Pixie ?" "S'what everyone else calls me." His eyes darted up to her hair, and then back to her small built. "Fits you." A sharp and wary grin crossed her lips, teeth slightly bared in an almost feral expression. "I'd guess so." .03 Someone pushed their way past her, bumping roughly into her in their hurry to get to the cafeteria. Pixie dropped the bottle in her hands, watching as the content filled out onto the floor. She growled lowly, sight already set on the offender's back and ready to pounce. She couldn't see much of him though, the people around hiding him from view, but she could see his head and the top of his back. A sneer twisted her lips. No one bumped into her without saying sorry. Her fingers curled around the back of his t-shirt, and pulled . "Gah!" He didn't fall to the ground, like she would have liked him to, but he was held back. He turned around to face her, confusion on his face, which quickly turned ashen. Grover Underwood. He was an easy target, and he was made an even bigger target when the others found out he cried when he got frustrated. He was also rather scrawny, and Pixie figured he must have been hold back a couple of grade before he got here, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. Lastly, he was crippled. From what she'd heard then it was some kind of muscle disease in his legs, though she had seen him on enchilada day in the cafeteria - like today - where he ran like the wind, so she was having a bit of doubt about it. "I-I-I-I-I-I'm terribly sorry!" He yelled. She glared at him through sharp eyes. "You made me spill my bottle." Pixie didn't know it was possible, but Underwood paled even further. "I-I-I'm sorry! But I don't have any money!" "You think I care?" "I-" "If you can't pay for a new one," She growled, "than I guess you'll just have to owe me, won't you?" Underwood slowly shook his head, eyes wide in fear. It was a common sort of knowledge that you did not want to owe Pixie anything - be