Before you begin this story! I have to tell you that I will update this fic as I feel like it, when I have inspiration. So it will go way slower than The Son of Hestia or A Broken Hero. Now, it's a Hunter Percy story, I don't have pairings yet, Maybe Khione, I don't know. Also, I won't make Zoë speak in old English for a vey simple reason. I simply don't know how to speak like this. I think that's a good excuse x) Enjoy and stay awesome bros! A woman in her mid thirties was running in Yellowstone Park, behind her was giant black dogs with red glowing eyes trying to bite her. She what it was, her lover told her about them, Hellhounds. The creatures were trying to harm her son, and she couldn't allow that. So she was running. In her arms was her four years old son, crying and looking at her with fear. The woman smiled weakly at him and put a pen in his pocket. "Take this, the pen will protect you." Said the woman with difficulty. She was about to arrive in a river when she tripped on a hidden root and the boy was projected in the water, hitting his head on a rock as he landed. He passed out, relieving him of the sight of her mother being killed. When he woke up, Percy saw a tree, he didn't know where he was, what he was doing here or how he arrived here. In fact, the only thing he knew was his name, and a phrase. The pen will protect you. Percy frowned and sat, around him was only trees. He got up and decided to walk. It has been a week since his wake up. And he kept walking, stopping sometime to search food like berries and fruit. During this week, he also was attacked by a strange animal. It was a bit like him, except that the legs were mismatch and she had terrifying claws. He had remembered about the pen and had clicked on it. The pen had grown into a gleaming bronze sword. And when the strange lady attacked, he had immediately reacted, instinctively, he had dodged the blow and counter attacked. He kept battling for a while until he finally killed his attacker. She turned in a strange gold dust and Percy had walked away from the scene. He also discovered that his sword was useless against normal looking animals, only the strange ones. So he used a sharp stone and the bones of a dead bear to make a knife, a dagger, and a spear. I should train with my weapons. I don't know when I could meet another monster. And the quicker I kill them, the faster I am safe. Thought the young boy as he looked at his different tools. He had put the dagger between his belt and pants, the knife in the back of his pant and managed to make a archaïc holder for his spear. His sword was always in his pocket in a pen form. And that is how Percy began to train as he was travelling randomly. As he was training and walking, he became faster with them and more agile. After a year of this life, he became agile, stealthy. He was often travelling in the trees, feeling completely at ease in them. Well, not at first. He really struggled to climb in them, and after that, to walk in the branches. But after a few months, he became as a part of the trees. running as fast as on the ground. But where he was feeling home was in water. Whenever he was dipping in a stream, or the large, endless body of water, that his mind was naming sea, he was relaxed. He didn't need to breath air as he could breath underwater. He also learned how to make clothes. Because after a while, his current ones became too torn to be useful. So he used the remaining pieces to make strings, he carved a needle in bones, and used remainings of animals, cleaning them and he sewed the pieces together to make a cloth. His first result was ugly, he knew it. But he also knew it would keep him warm. And so he trained into sewing too. It has been four years since his wake up. He learned how to use every weapon he had. During those four years, he also managed to master sewing. He also learned that tanned hide was better to make usual clothes, but fur was excellent in capes or blankets. Now, he had on a homemade leather armor. He had reinforcement on the articulations. Above his head was a hood, protecting him from the sun and the rain. He successfully made fitting boots, ones that protected him from hurting his feet but allowing him to feel the ground and branches. He made leather sheaths for his three bone weapons. He also had to make a new spear when his broke. He had hardened the wood by putting it before under the ashes of his campfire. He also replaced his bone knife with a steel ne he found in a clearing. He was taking great care of it, knowing it's value and utilities. During his travels, he saw from afar, huge grey constructions, moving metal boxes and other scary things like that. He never came close to that, no trusting it, and remained in the nature, where he was feeling safer. He also trained in a power he discovered by accident. He could manipulate water and ice. He was still a bit hesitant in it. It was harder and completely different than weapons or sewing. He also made a pet of a Merlin, a small white falcon that he named Snow. He was living rather peacefully, destroying the monsters that were coming to him. This peaceful life ended with a silver arrow. He was resting on a branch, carving a small piece of wood with his knife when he felt uneasy. He ducked and just above his whizzed a silver arrow. He jumped down the tree and took his spear. He faced the origin of the arrow, and out of it walked group of preteen girls. One with black hair and matching eyes walked and aimed at him. "Tell me boy What are you doing near our camp!" Asked the girl. Percy understood what she said but, due to the lack of use, his voice was extinct. So he growled, to advert the girls to not approach. His unusual answer, his animalistic growl took the Huntresses back. But they readied their bows. The girl sneered. "Look at that girls! A real male! An animal! It's time to hunt." Percy's muscles tensed and he jumped in the tree, climbing so fast he was only a blur. The huntresses looked up, trying to find the boy. But they couldn't see him. They made a circle, facing away from each other, but Percy landed at the middle of everyone and tripped them down with a circular blow at their legs. He looked at them and began to write in the dirt with his spear. The black-haired girl jumped on her feet and looked at the boy with eyebrows frowned. She walked to him and looked at what he was writing, it was in Greek. I didn't know you were there, I am living here since a year and never saw you. If my presence annoy you, I will leave. Just know that I didn't want to growl at you, it is just my first contact with humans in four years. I just don't know how to use my voice anymore. I swear to you I have no intention of harming any of you girls in any way. I will leave now. If you need help, try to contact Percy Jackson. The young wild man looked up and nodded to her before walking to a random direction. But he was stopped by the girl grabbing his wrist. "I'm Zoe, Zoe Nightshade. Come with us Percy, my mistress will be interested in you." Percy looked hesitant for a moment before he nodded. Then he raised his hand in a waiting gesture and walked to the tree he was in and took his bag. He whistled loudly surprising the now awake huntresses. Snow landed on his left shoulder and Zoë looked at the bird with stars in the eyes. Percy nodded at the black haired girl and the hunt plus Percy walked in the woods. When they arrived at their camp. The young boy tensed and put a hand in his pocket, gripping his pen. He was sensing something powerful nearby. The girl saw him tense and decided to wait and see what would happen. A voice made itself heard from behind him. "Who are you boy?" Percy jumped and rolled away and faced the potential threat. He uncapped his sword and growled. And then stopped, confused. Before him was a twelve years old girl with silver eyes. He frowned and growled softly. At the same time, water rose from beneath the ground and solidified in feet-long picks pointing to the girl and floating in the air. The river nearby began to be agitated and the girl frowned. Before she could do anything. Zoë spoke. "Percy. This is Artemis, our patron, a goddess." Said the huntress. And instantly, the picks melted, soaking the ground and the river calmed down. Percy expertly changed in a reverse grip on his sword and unsheathed his dagger. His eyes showed a bit of fear before steeling himself and using his powers again. Waterbegan to swirl slowly around him, ready to defend it's master. Artemis frowned and in a flick of her wrist, blasted Percy away in a tree. The demigod grunted andraised on his feet. He glared at the goddess before nodding and lowering his weapons, noticing the gap between their powers, him being at the bottom. He opened his mouth and tried to talk. Unfortunately only a weird sound came out of it and he flinched, annoyance and defeat clearly visible on his face. He looked at Zoë And pleaded her with his eyes. She nodded. "Milady. This young boy was near our camp. We taunted him and tried to take him down with our arrows but before we could do anything, he climbed in the trees at blinding speed and managed to trip us all. He then explained to us writing in the dirt his story in vague lines." Artemis nodded and seemed vaguely impressed with the feat of the boy. "Why did it stopped you to kill him?" Asked the goddess, an eyebrow raised. Percy scowled, his grip tightened on his weapon. "We are his first contact in four years milady, and his text was in Greek yet he understand English." Artemis' eyes widened and she stared at the young hunter. "Who is your parent boy? And who gave you those weapons and clothes?" Asked the goddess. Percy sighed and took his dagger from his boot and began to write in the dirt at high speed. Artemis frowned. "Why don't you talk?" Zoë stepped in. "His voice is extinct Milady. He didn't use it in almost five years after all." Artemis nodded and looked at the boy's text. I always had my sword/pen, the rest, I crafted it myself through hard work and tries. As for my parents, I have none, I am a Child of the Wild. I always lived alone in the wilderness. That is where I woke up in my first memory . This took the goddess aback. "So you lived in the wilderness all your known life? Interesting. Maybe you can be different. But first, I need to call my brother for your voice. I'll be back." Said the young silver eyed girl before she walked to her tent. A few minutes later, a gold flash was perceptible coming from