Chapter 1: Introductions, Warning, Alecto A/N: Demigods and goddesses, welcome to the first chapter of 'The Lord of All'. Please be sure to follow and favorite. Also, be sure to leave a review for every chapter. The first three genuine reviews for every chapter shall be responded to in the following chapter. And please, I want genuine thoughts and reactions to the chapters, not just 'Great job' and such. Also, please be patient with me. I will be going through each book, from 'The Lightning Thief' to the 'Blood of Olympus'. This means that if I get to that point before the book comes out, this fan-fiction will be put on hold until it comes out and I read it. Anyway, as you will notice, I am going to be following said books rather closely. Now, in case you didn't know, this fan-fiction was once known as 'King of the Universe and Lover of Chaos'. In case you haven't guessed (if you didn't read the previous version of this...which I took down), this will be a Percy x Chaos fan-fiction. Also, since I have so many other fan-fiction ideas, there will be a vote nearing the end of this one. I won't give you the details now, but know that you (the readers) will get to choose which one I write next. Anyway, I already did the whole disclaiming thing in the description of the fan-fiction, but I'll do it one more time anyway. DISCLAIMER: I do not own Percy Jackson and The Olympians! Nor do I own The Heroes of Olympus! Both of the series and characters are owned by Rick Riordan. Now, onto the chapter! Enjoy! Chapter 1 Do you want to be a half-blood? What's your answer going to be? Is it a yes or a no? If your answer is yes, then you're either naive or stupid. Either that or you're just a sure-of-him/herself, cocky asshole. Or, then again, maybe you're just a demigod. But, we'll address that possibility later. Anyway, trust me on this. If you were to be in the position I'm in right now, you'd be wishing with every fiber of your very being that you were a mortal. But, I suppose everything has its ups and downs, light moments and dark moments. It just happens to be that being a demigod is bad about 85% of the time. Now, if your answer is no, then your smarter than you think...sadly that may lead to an inflated ego like that of a certain Lord of the Sky (Shut up Zeus, we all know it's true!). But, that's another story for another time. So, to keep another ego from inflating to universal proportions, we'll have to stop with the compliments. Anyway, it would just be a lot better for you if you were to be a mortal who can't see through the Mist. You should want this because the dangers are very, very real and they are out there. In fact, more often than not, they are even closer than you could ever possibly dream of. Sometimes, the dangers are right there, in your face. Snarling, hissing, growling or even threatening you (If said danger can talk, but that is beside the point.). That or the danger is lurking, watching your every move. It's probably even stalking you like a jaguar does a deer, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. But, luckily for mortals, there are only two things keeping them safe from harm. One would be a magic force known as the Mist. The Mist can only be seen through by demigods (for the most part) and clear-sighted mortals. Oops, let's not forget about the gods and of course, the monsters. They can see through it too. In fact, more often than not, they radiate the Mist. And, as a way to cope, mortals often see things that they want to see. So, if you were to see the Chimera...your brain may process it as a cute little puppy or perhaps a scrawny tomcat. The second thing both directly and indirectly keeping you safe is demigods. They protect you directly when they are on quests, killing monsters before any harm comes to you. And we indirectly help protect mortals when we end up as 'tasty' morsels for said monsters, temporarily satisfying their hunger. Even then, we always take as many of those ugly bastards with us as we can. Now, if you're a demigod, you have two choices. The first is to close this up and never come back to it. Pretend you never saw or read this. Act as if you are none-the-wiser and could care less about what you find out. Maybe, if Lady Tyche or the Fates are feeling gracious, you'll never be dragged into the world I live in every day. But, like I said, you have a second option. Your second option is to get to Camp Half-Blood. But, if you do choose that then you have to get there as fast as you possibly can. Preferably, you get to Camp before the monsters that may or may not be chasing you, get to you (Depends on how strong your scent is...). Now, who am I? Well sometimes I even ask myself that question. There are times when the little voice in my head answers for me and other times it asks the same thing. It really is a good question to ask. Nevertheless, the answer to your question is simple. My name is Perseus Jackson and until a few months ago, I was a boarding school student at Yancy Academy. It's this private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. I thought I was normal until a few months ago. I thought I was a regular mortal or as regular as a 'troubled kid' (Note the sarcasm.) could be. If only I had known what I know now... Of course, I could start anywhere in my short, miserable and unfinished life to prove my point. However, I think that things only started going really bad just when I had started to think things were getting better. It was during our sixth-grade field trip to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in Manhattan. It was just the Latin class, so it was twenty-eight mental-case kids and two teachers on a rented greyhound bus. Everyone, minus me and Mr. Brunner, seemed to be dreading this trip. Honestly, I didn't see what was so bad; I was looking forward to it. I mean, all we were doing was going to the museum to look at Greek and Roman stuff. Okay, okay. Maybe I can see why everyone was both hating and dreading the idea of this trip. But, honestly, I couldn't see a problem with it. But then again, I loved Greek/Roman mythology. In fact, I could remember the majority, if not all of the myths. Well...the Greek mythology anyway, all I could remember about the Roman was the names of the gods and what not. Anyway, when I had found out about the trip, I had high hopes that it would all go smoothly. Alternatively, my next best option was to avoid trouble in any form that it came to me in. If only I had known how hopeless it truly was to stay out of trouble on this particular trip. You see, every time I go on a field-trip, something bad happens. Take last year as an example. We went to the Saratoga battlefield and I had this accident with a cannon. I swore to the principle and school staff that I hadn't been aiming for the buses, but they didn't believe me. I got expelled two days after I got called down. Then, before that, there was the fourth-grade field trip. We had been taking this behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool. Well, I may have accidentally pulled the wrong lever on the catwalk. If only we had brought extra clothes. Then, before that, on the third-grade field trip...well...I'm sure you have an idea of what I mean. I was absolutely determined to be on my best behavior on this trip. However, it seems that whatever immortal being or beings ruled this world, wanted to test me. Of course, that is one thing I will never really know or find out for sure. Anyway, all the way into Manhattan, I had to put up with this freckly, redheaded kleptomaniac girl named Nancy Bobofit. What was she doing? Well, Nancy was pegging my best friend, Grover, with chunks of a peanut butter and ketchup sandwich. I always have and probably always will wonder if it was her sandwich or someone else's. I will even keep wondering if the person that owned the sandwich intended to eat it. Now, you may be wondering, why Grover? Well to be entirely truthful, the guy is probably the easiest target in the group. He's scrawny and he cries when he gets frustrated. Grover had the looks of someone who was held back a few grades. He was the only sixth-grader that had acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. Then, on top of all of that, he was crippled. The dude had a note that excused him from PE for life. He showed the note to me once. It had said that he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs. When he walked, it looked like every step he took brought him excruciating pain. But, don't let that fool you. You should've been there to see him run to the cafeteria when he had found out it was enchilada day. Back to the aggravation at hand, Nancy was still throwing wads of sandwich into Grover's curly brown hair. She knew I couldn't even so much as sneeze without death by in-school suspension, as the headmaster had threatened. I still wanted to know how she even found out about it. Grover Point of View I heard Percy mumble something about killing Nancy or just lopping off a limb or two. Just as he said that, wad number 59 hit the back of my head. I just looked at the black-haired, sea-green eyed twelve year old to my left. Percy was looking out of the bus window watching the scenery go by. My best friend was around 5'5 and he had the build of a swimmer. Yet, I knew better. Percy loved to work out as much as he could. He would often be found in the school's gym benching weights, running, or whatever else he planned to do that day. Percy may have had the build of a swimmer, but his muscles were like that of marble. That said, he was easily around the weight of 120 and that was solid muscle. Looking at Percy, reminded me of the time I had first met him. Beginning of Flashback It was the first day of the new school year and we were in Yancy Academy's auditorium. We were going to be heading to our classes right after this. Everyone was chattering happily, waiting for something to happen. After a minute or two, something did happen. The headmaster walked out onto the stage and stopped behind the podium. When he called for silence it took several minutes to get the room's undivided attention. Finally, after waiting all this time, the headmaster spoke. "Good morning ladies and gentleman." As a response, the auditorium was filled with a chorus of good mornings. Some were obviously half-hearted, while others were sarcastic or snobby sounding. "To our newest students and our students from last year, welcome to Yancy Academy! Today is the first day of a new school year." The headmaster spoke with obviously faked enthusiasm and a forced smile. He must have really hated every student in the school. But, I guess the pay made it all okay to some degree. "That was so enthusiastic. I wonder how he manages to contain it all." whispered the boy to my