A/N: That explosion was literally nothing, so don't worry about it. I made one last fourth wall break because I couldn't help it. Sorry. I'm so trashy, that I needed to stuff my OC roster with three of mine. Meet Emma, my other OC. Also, since I need this to work, this is now set now . It's because I want a thing and if Emma's 13, it would be really strange. David (And Hephaestus) I David "He's got the bird!" An indistinguishable voice was shouting things from a distance. I was on some sort of mountain. It was dark and from the position of the moon, it was probably about midnight. I saw a kid running and I couldn't see who it was. It had no face or hair. I followed them for about 20 seconds until I saw a hooded figure. He wore black robes and his face was covered with shadows. He held a dagger in his right hand and a bird in his left. He held the knife to it's esophagus. He made a small laceration, just enough for a drip of blood to slip out. The instant the drop of golden ichor touched the ground, I felt Earth rumble. I saw only red for a second, and when I opened my eyes, I was being propelled through the night sky. Propelled back into reality. I opened my eyes and realized I was lying on my bedroll in the Hermes cabin, or, I should say, on my brother Jean Luc, who was on his bedroll. He was sound asleep as I pretty much just sat on him. I got up and got dressed. It was early, so nobody was awake yet. Well, that is, except for my friend Ace who walked through the dim corner in the bathroom. I instinctively melted into a pile of snow, my toothbrush landing on my snow face. "Yo, Snow-bro it's time to go." If I could glare, I would. "Scoop me up, I can't change back without wind!" I shouted. Ace shrugged and left me there, alone, to get a shovel. I decided to use my snow-body-pile-thing to make a new snow-manikin body for me. Gods , I thought, I hope it's not snowing, I don't want to get lost in it... Did I mention to you guys that this story takes place in December? As I was walking out the door, Ace screamed like a very manly jock-girl and punched me in my snow face. "Oh, gods," He held his fists to his face in defense. " I thought you were some sort of snowbot." He expression of fear turned into a grin. "Dude, stop it with the snow puns!" I shouted, without a face, nonetheless. The majority of my snow-bod fell on the frosty ground, materializing into me. The inner portion of my face flew into the face size hole left in my head. It was strange, seeing my body with a hole, if even for a second. When I got up, I was stumbling around. "I hate when my body materializes before my face goes back in..." Ace just laughed, helping me up after the second time I fell. "Where are we going?" I asked, giving my hand to Ace. He smirked and said, "Oh, snow-where..." "I said stop!" I don't like snow puns... "Cry baby..." I scoffed. I struggled but continued to follow him, walking towards the borders. "Hey, Ace, we're not aloud to leave camp!" I shouted pulling away. His grip didn't loosen. We walked past the invisible barrier, being greeted by Drake, wearing a muscle cuirass, greaves, and a mail skirt. "Wassup!" He ran over to us. He locked me in a hug, which I backed out of. How old was he? I'd guess he was seventeen. I've actually heard camp stories about. "It's you again!" I shouted, a look of glee rushing to my face. "Yeah, save the questions for later, please." I left him to talk to Ace. A boy walked forward in a linothorax, trailing behind Drake. "I-I told to wait for me." The boy was breathing heavily. "Not my fault you're slower than Nectar!" Drake turned and yelled at him. "Hey, you brought me here against my will!" "You're the one who wanted to walk!" I had enough. I shouted, "Guys stop, it's not worth it. Why are we even here?" "The prophecy, duh." Ace said, looking at me. "Who are you?" Linothorax Boy said, sizing me up. "I'm David..." "Um, okay." He promptly turned around and walked to the others. "Um... Hi David." I spun around to be greeted by Amber. She twirled her braid. She radiated warmth, like the hot summers down in Cali. You know that feeling when you get really warm when you stand in front of a window on a sunny day? Yeah, she feels like that. All the time. "Hi?" I say, being called over by Ace shortly after. "Drake said he couldn't help because some dude on this fanfiction website said that he shouldn't. And then he said, "Don't worry, it's a lot of fourth wall stuff you wouldn't understand." like he usually does." "Then who's going to fill in?" I ask, scratching my head. "Some kid named Dorius Blorius or something." Ace shook his head, holding back a sniffle. "The name's Chris, actually." I spun around to see a brunet boy a little taller than Ace greet me. I feel myself spinning around to be greeted by randos a lot today... Drake spoke up, "We were going to name him Corius , we just didn't want to get confused. The "Blorius" is just a coincidence, though. That was his mother's last name." A girl walked out from nowhere. "Dad," she said, to Drake nonetheless. "dad says he wants you over for brunch because he already invited you in your 40s and didn't want to intrude on anyone else." "Grandma, take me with you!" Chris shouted, locking the girl in a hug. She pushed him off of her. "Whoa, personal space. Please." "Natalie, don't take him," Drake said, "he's grounded and needs to go on a quest. Get off his jacked up 3D virtual reality computer thing." "Wish we had those..." Natalie said, continuing. "Off topic- what would happen if I kill you?" "Nothing, you can't. But if Chris were to kill you- if that's what you mean- the universe would be subject to an infinite amount of rips, ultimately creating a grandfather paradox." "And a grandfather paradox is, say, if a time traveler went back in time to kill his grandfather, he would die and never be able to have his parent and the time traveler would never be born, so he could never kill his grandfather. There are a lot of theories on the subject, and many books I could recommend, if you'd like." said an unknown voice. She had strange eyes. They were the exact same as Drake's, which was a little bit more unsettling, since his were most definitely recessive. She had tan skin and a fedora on her dark curled hair. "Victoria," Chris started, "what-" "Wait," I interrupted, starting to get confused. "So Drake is Natalie's dad, Victoria and Drake are the same person, and Chris is Natalie's grandson. Correct?" They all looked at each other until Natalie said, "Spot on, actually." "Are there any other family members I should know about?" "Three. Natalie's siblings: Drake, Jacob, and Lydia. Only one of which isn't named after a prior family member." an unknown one of the four said. "I meant ones that are relevant to this quest." I say, biting my lip. "Nope," Victoria said, "no more." Drake spoke up after a while, "Okay, Natalie, go tell me that I'll be there shortly." "Okay, bye dad" And she disappeared. "I better get going before someone accidentally kills Chris and create another grandfather paradox and I can't fix it because I was never born. Ugh." "What do you mean? Mom and dad had two other kids." "I was just looking for an excuse to leave." Victoria snorted, disappearing in a flash. Drake smiled. "And I want those little amuse-bouche hors d'oeuvres that I always make. Yum." And he disappeared, leaving a blue hole in the spot that he was standing. It shortly faded away. And with that, only five of us were left. Jean Luc showed up a few minutes later. He didn't really speak but a few sentences, and then he just sat on a bench, staring at the sky. Oh wait... "Who's missing?" Ken asks, seemingly puzzled. "I have no idea..." Chris "There were only supposed to be six of you, but if you're accepting volunteers..." "N-no problem." Ken says before turning around. It was Emma, the girl from earlier, if you guys forgot. Her charmspeak was so strong, she turned the heads of everyone. That is, except for Chris, who was staring at his phone and Amber, who just didn't care. Chris decided to look up. His face curved into a smile. He ran and gave Emma a bear hug and Ace's cheeks turned red. "Chris?" "Yeah, how long has it been?" "Like five years." she said, becoming slightly inquisitive. He rubbed his neck, "T's been three months for me." "Wow," she said, "that time and space traveler thing must be really weird, eh?" "Don't worry great g-maw, I'm still your big boy." "Please, never say that again." "Okay," I said, walking over. "You're in. She smiled. Her voice was amazing. It was like she was singing in her regular speech, melodies changing dramatically. Singsong couldn't describe it well enough. If I imagined, I could hear guitars playing behind her voice. I'm getting off track. Seriously, she was amazing. She had a curled ponytail, a common style for girls at camp. The brown ribbon-y strands flowed in the wind, begging to be let loose. "Drooling men. How abstruse." she said, looking at her nails. I shivered. I comprehended what she said and instinctively rubbed my bottom lip, moistening my finger. "I don't know what abstruse means, but I hope it means flattering." Ace says, appearing behind me again. She gritted her teeth. "It means strange, like those homely shoes." He stared at his feet self-consciously. Her pocket vibrated. She pulled out a note and read, "Drake says we are going to get a lot more prophecies." She writes on the back. She rips it and it dissipates from her hands. "What are we doing?" Amber asks, getting up. "I'm not sure where we're even supposed to start." (Line break and A/N. I totally forgot to make a starting point, or a catalyst, as Gallantmon would say XD) Hephaestus Hephaestus sat on his throne. It was a chunk of some rock, carved to his liking. He was based in a volcano on Lemnos. The lame god stood, wobbling on his braces. "I need some servants..." he grumbled, wiping oil out of his scraggly beard. A new thing he'd invented stood in the corner of his throne room. He stepped over a magma puddle and turned steam valves and tapped gauges. A whirring noise came from the machine. A panel slid out. It held a cellphone, printed in forty seconds. The fully functional cellular device was much more cool than most things on the market. It was a sleek black, made of tungsten, for protection. The screen was hardened mercury, for it's mirror like surface. It worked like a regular phone, but it had a night vision camera, a 100% AI capable personal assistant, and interchangeable pieces. He checked his G-Mail (God-Mail. No sponsor.) and the Olympus Square . He then downloaded his daily copy of Hammers N' Wrenches and checked the review for his autobiography G-Books. Hephaestus read them out loud, " Lame and Lost in Lemnos is a phenomenal story about a man who does nothing for a while, does something, does nothing again, then does something again. Words can't explain how beautifully slow paced and ass-filled