In potions this year, they'd been paired based on ability. That's how Hermione Granger had ended up paired with Theodore Nott. That no one in their eighth year class ended up paired with someone of their own house was a complete coincidence of course. After six weeks of working together, Hermione wasn't sure if she liked him or not. Sometimes he was handsome, intelligent, witty and excellent conversation. Other times he barely looked at her, he'd respond to questions with grunts and shrugs. If she's honest with herself, she's developed a little bit of a crush on him, despite his mood swings. His dark hair has a slight curl at the ends where he's let it grow long enough to brush his collar. He has a nervous habit of running his fingers through it. It drives her insane. During potions, you work so closely it's normal to brush against each other. They seem to manage it more than other pairs do. Today he's different. The touching seems deliberate. He's standing closer than he needs to. It's as though he's trying to make her even more physically aware of him. Theo doesn't need to try this hard. She's always aware of him. She's extra jumpy because of him being so close. She didn't mean to pour a beaker of water on him. She couldn't help watch as it soaked through his shirt, making it cling to his skin. Hermione thought she caught a flash of something through his shirt. Something that wasn't skin. She glances up to meet his eyes. Theo's never looked at her with such rage before. He pulls his robes around himself shuddering. "Did you do that on purpose?" He hisses at her. "No. Of course not. It was an accident. It was only water," Hermione frowns not understanding why he's so furious. He grabs his bag from the floor and storms out of class, they still have an hour to go. "What did you do Granger?" Malfoy asks her. "I spilt some water," she says brow creasing as she looks after Theo. "It was only water, I swear." Malfoy sighs. Before going over to talk with Slughorn. After conversing in hushed tones, Malfoy grabs his bag. "He better be alright," Malfoy says shoving into her as he exits the room, leaving a very confused Hermione staring at the beaker in her hand. Hermione watches him carefully over the next few days. The more she thinks about it, the more extreme the reaction seems. Something strange is happening. Malfoy keeps glaring at her, which isn't unusual but they'd been so much better recently. How had she never realised before that Theo only seems to eat fish but never smells fishy? Did he just add salt to his glass of water? What did she see through his shirt? These are questions that haunt her, stealing her sleep. Eventually, she becomes desperate enough to approach Harry to request to borrow two items she's never asked him for before. "Why?" Harry asks confused yet still getting to his feet, going to the dormitory to get what she asked for. She follows behind him. "Something strange is going on with... Someone. I want to find out what they're up to," she says evasive. "Trying to find out if Nott has a secret girlfriend and that's why he's so hot and cold with you?" Harry smirks at her, holding the two items she wants. "I'm kidding." He says handing over his cloak and map. "You know you can talk to me right. I can talk boys if you really need me to." Harry offers looking uncomfortable. "That's okay Harry," she hugs him. "I can handle this." Hermione dashes off to her dormitory before he can ask anymore questions. "I solemnly swear I'm up to no good," she says tapping her wand to the parchment. She sat on her bed with the curtains closed around her, staring at the parchment as lines start to work their way outwards from the point of her wand. Hermione has never appreciated before just how many people there were in Hogwarts until she was trying to spot one dot amongst thousands. She checked the most obvious places first, the Slytherin common room, dormitories, the Great Hall, the Library, the prefects bathrooms. Eventually, her eyes start to scan the grounds. This late at night no one should be out there but Malfoy is stood on the bank. She frowns as she watches Theo's dot come onto the page. He's in the lake. Why is he swimming in the lake at eleven at night? Why is Malfoy on the bank waiting for him? She looks at the cloak. Can she really do it? She slips out of her bed and wraps it around her. It covers her completely. She doesn't have to stoop like the boys do. It's warm too. She makes her way out of the tower, wand in one hand, map in the other. Hermione arrives in the Entrance Hall as the doors open. The two boys come in laughing. "You're always in a better mood once you've swam," Draco laughs. "It de-stresses me," Theo shrugs looking around. "You know what else would de-stress you?" Draco asks waggling his eyebrows at his friend. "You know it's more complicated than that?" Theo sighs, sagging against the wall. "You want her though?" "Yeah, I want her." "Then take her. It's not that complicated." "I've already told you, I'll be bound to her." "I thought you didn't have a problem with that." "I don't. But she'll be bound to me. How am I supposed to explain all... this?" "Take her for a swim?" Draco grins at him. "Not funny," Theo says standing up straight. "It's a little funny." "Oh yeah. Absolutely hilarious. What if she reacts badly?" "Then at least you'll know and I don't have to put up with your brooding. Come on. We better get back. I know we have permission but I'd still rather not get caught," Draco says looking around them. Theo nods kicking off from the wall as the two of them make their way to the dungeons. Hermione sinks down onto the stairs. Were they talking about her? What is wrong with Theo? Hermione gets to her feet turning on the stairs to go back to bed, the replay of the overheard conversation haunting her. Hermione barely slept that night, when she did sleep her dreams were filled with water, the words she heard echoing in her ears. She had a plan. Malfoy was the weak link. She'd target him first. She found him on the map. He was in the library. Alone. It was a Saturday so the library was pretty empty when she arrives and sits down next to Malfoy. He paused in his work when she joined him. She starts laying out the books she'd picked up. All of them about sea creatures. "Homework project?" He asks staring at the titles. "No," Hermione replies without elaborating. "Huh," Draco shifts uncomfortably, glancing away. "I went for a walk last night. Sometimes it's good to get some fresh air when you can't sleep." "Hmm." "I usually use a cloak or a charm so I don't get caught. You hear the most interesting things." "You were in the entrance hall?" Draco frowns, glancing again at her books. "I'll find out. With or without your help," she shrugs picking up the first of her books. "Really?" "Mmhmm. You were talking about me after all weren't you?" Draco sighs as he watches her read. He gets up from the table walking into the stacks. He comes back with two books. He snatches the one out of her hands chucking it across the table. He places two books in front of her. One about curses, the other about mermaids. Draco doesn't say a word as he sits back down beside her to continue his homework. Is Draco trying to tell her Theo's a mermaid? She's seen real mermaids. They're nothing like what muggles think they are. She stares down at the books confused. Draco sighs snatching the book on mermaids, muttering about having to do everything himself. He opens the book to a certain page, a page he knew how to find, places it in front of her giving her a significant look. Hermione reads the page he opened the book at. The muggle mermaid legends originated from wizards and witches who were cursed. Bound to water. These curses created half-man, half-fish hybrids that would change when they... when they came in contact with water. Theo was... Suddenly the potions incident makes sense. The late night swim. It was scales she saw through his shirt. Hermione sits back on in her chair as the book falls from her fingers. "Granger? Granger? Hermione are you okay," Draco is shaking her. "Theo is..." "Not here," he hisses glancing around. She nods, checks out the two books and drags him from the room. "Tell me everything," Hermione demands dragging him down the corridor. "I can walk you know," he says pulling his arm from her grip. "I won't let you tug me around like you do those tosser friends of yours." "Sorry," she blushes. "Just... please. Please tell me." "Fine. But we need privacy," Draco says grabbing her arm and pulling her down to the dungeons. "I can walk you know," she echos back to him. She tries to pull on his grip but it's too firm to escape. "I don't need to be manhandled." "Maybe I want to manhandle you?" He winks at her before pulling her in a hidden corridor behind a tapestry. They arrive at a luxurious living room with couches, bookshelves and a small kitchen area. Two doors lead of this main room. "Sit," he orders pushing her onto the couch. "Where are we?" She asks looking around, she has her suspicions. "My rooms," he smirks. "Do you really think I'd sleep in the same rooms as everyone else?" Draco laughs. "I found these in third year. The only people who know are Theo and you. The other boys know I didn't share the dorms like I was supposed to but they didn't know where it was I slept." "Theo," she says not getting distracted. Draco drapes himself over an armchair opposite her. "Theo's going to kill me when he finds out I've told you," he warns her. "But I feel it's in his best interests that you know." He pauses for dramatic effect. She realises most of Malfoy's actions are done for dramatic effect. Hermione waits. "Theo's family were cursed generations ago. From their seventeenth birthday until they mate, every time their skins comes into contact with water they begin to change. The other day when you split that water on him, even though it was only a little, you started the process that changes him into what muggles think is a mermaid. Half man, half fish. I've seen him change. It's not like what you think it will be. He has a certain... monstrous beauty to him. Watching him swim is magnificent, especially under sunlight." Hermione gasps. "Oh Merlin. You're in love with him," she breathes, something about the shine in his eyes when he talks about Theo makes it blindingly obvious. "Does he know?" She asks. Draco shrugs. "If he does we've never talked about it." "Why don't you tell him?" "Because of his curse. Once he mates and becomes bound with a woman he'll gain control of his changes. He'll have a choice when to change. How can I take that from him? Besides he drawn to you. You feel it too don't you? You're drawn to him. As though something inside him is calling out to you?" "Yes," she blushes looking down at her fingers. "Then you need to go to him. Make the first move. You'll be bound to him for the rest of your life though," Draco says moving to sit beside her. He brushes the hair back from her