"You will never beat Harry to the snitch," Hermione states confidently crossing her arms, a smug look on her face. "Is that so? Just how confident are you," Draco replies undaunted. "A hundred percent. There's no way you'll win," she states without a trace of doubt. The Gryffindor's gathered around her laugh. "Then you've got nothing to lose if you make a bet with me," he smirks. "It wouldn't be fair. You've never even got close before," she teases. "I've been close. If you're that confident ask for anything," he grins. "Fine if Harry beats you, which he will, you have to quit the team, give your broom to the Gryffindor team and admit Harry is better than you," she says smugly believing he'd never go for it. He flinched when she said the last part. Quitting the team? He'd miss one match. Handing over his broom would hurt but he could get another, he had enough gold. But admitting Harry was better? That was a blow to his pride he'd never recover from. That's if he doesn't choke on the words first. The Slytherin's are muttering amongst themselves at the possibility of losing their captain during his last match in his last year. Draco is undeterred. "Alright Granger you drive a hard bargain but so do I. When I catch the snitch you have to kiss me then and there in front of everyone. After the match you let me take you on a date. The match is Valentine's day after all," he grins as silence greets his pronouncement. "No Hermione don't do it, it's not worth it," Harry says suddenly. "Doesn't matter if you beat me does it Potter? Or don't you think you can beat me?" Draco challenges him grinning. Gryffindor's never back out of a challenge. "Of course we're going to win," Harry rolls his eyes. "You don't even want to date her," Ron sneers. "You just want to embarrass us." "What makes you think I wouldn't want to date Hermione?" Draco asks as Hermione blushes. "Well you've never exactly been nice to her," Blaise reminds him. "Hey, you're meant to be on my side," Draco glares at him. "I'm a neutral party," Blaise shrugs. "What you gonna do? Run off to Switzerland again?" Draco scoffs. "It was Italy," Blaise grins. "It was a lovely year. You should have come with me." "Does it really matter if you are so certain you can beat me to the snitch? Not win the match. This is about the golden snitch. You verses me Potter. Granger thinks you can do it. But even if Potter loses, surely an evening with me and one little kiss isn't the end of the world?" He finishes looking directly at Hermione. "I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world," she says looking him up and down pouting a little. "Excellent. So we have a bet then?" He grins at her. "Yeah. The Gryffindor team could use a spare broom. Either that or some firewood for the common room. Who's to be our binder?" "How about Blaise? He seems to think of himself as a 'neutral party' I don't think anyone else here could do it?" "Yeah I'm good with Blaise," she shrugs not seeing any other options. "A Slytherin, Hermione?" Harry asks her. "Blaise isn't that bad," she rolls her eyes. "Thanks. I think," Blaise frowns. "Not the brightest among us but not an idiot either. He'll do," Draco laughs. "What hex will you use?" She asks. "I usually go for a stinger," Blaise shrugs. "Is that alright?" "It'll do. It's not something I need to worry about anyway," she smirks. "Eager for our date?" Draco asks as they join hands. She laughs. "Just sure you have no chance. By the way which would hurt more? The Gryffindor team using your broom to win the cup or roasting it?" She asks watching him. "I thought you were joking about the firewood comment?" He gasps paling a little. Blaise says the words over their joined hands before backing away. Draco pulls her close with the grip on her hand. "We have a week. By Saturday, when Potter and me both dive for the snitch you'll have at least a moment where you want me to win," he whispers in her ear. "You are so full of yourself," she laughs pushing him away. The bell calls them all to class. Harry slings an arm across her shoulders. "Don't worry. He hasn't beaten me yet, he won't beat me now," he tells her confidently. "Of course you'll win," she smiles back before glancing back over her shoulder at Malfoy, the first slither of doubt creeping in. At Dinner the first gift appears. A single rose still in bud. She attempts to vanish it. Nothing happens. She tries to burn it to ash. Nothing happens. She sends severing charms at it. Nothing happens. She throws it across the hall. It reappears beside her plate. Frustrated she picks up the rose and storms over to the Slytherin table, throwing the rose down beside him. "Ah I see you got my gift," Draco grins at her. "Yes and apparently I can't get rid of it either," She huffs. "Are you admitting I produced excellent magic?" He asks as others begin to watch. "It's fairly advanced yes," she admits. "How do I get rid of it?" "That's not very nice. It was a gift," he acts shocked. "If you really didn't want it, it would be gone." He shrugs. "What do you mean?" She frowns confused. "The rose will bloom as you fall for me. If the rose vanishes it's because you've completely decided against me," Draco says as they both stare at the rose waiting for it to vanish. After a full minute he looks up at her, grinning. She stamps her feet and huffs before turning around to go back to her table. He grabs her arm whirling her back around. "Here," he says handing her back the rose. "It will follow you anyway." He winks before sitting back down. She stares at the rose in her hand her heart beating fast as the petals move almost imperceptibly outwards. When she reaches her table she shoves it roughly into her bag. She tries hard not to think of the implications of the rose's continued existence. Saturday afternoon the boys have Quidditch practice. She goes to watch, more interested than usual, she watches Harry fly. The Slytherin team follow the Gryffindor team. She stays. Draco smirks as he sees her in the stands. The third time he catches the snitch pulling out of a truly spectacular dive, golden ball clutched in his raised fist, she leaves. Refusing to watch anymore of his grandstanding. Nerves flutter in her belly. Definitely nerves. Maybe it won't be as easy for Harry to win as she thought it would be. She remembers the sight of Malfoy on his broom. Speeding through the air wind tousling his hair. Her belly flutters again. Nerves getting to her, she thinks. Unbeknown to her, the rose opens fractionally more. After dinner, Hermione makes her way to the library to study a little and escape from the common room. She's had enough of hearing about Quidditch and Malfoy and that stupid, stupid bet. Hermione sets up at her usual table. With her NEWTs coming up in just four months time she studies every moment she can. She's been studying for about an hour when the chair beside her is pulled out. She looks up to see Malfoy setting up his Arthimancy project and sliding into the seat beside her. He nods at her by way of a greeting before turning to his work. She watches him study out of the corner of her eye. He's clearly frustrated over his project. She resists the temptation twice to offer to help him. He hasn't spoken a word to her when he storms off to find another book. Hermione slides his work towards her taking a look. She writes down the answer on a piece of parchment leaving it on top of his work before sliding it back where it was before. She's back working on her rune translation when he returns. She watches out of the corner of her eye as he squints at the parchment before sitting heavily in his chair. "That's not exactly helpful Granger," Draco sighs pushing the piece of parchment back at her. "It's the right answer," she says confused. "But if I don't know how you got it, it doesn't help me, does it?" "I could show you if you like?" She asks tentatively. "Please. I just can't work out what I'm missing," Draco slides his chair closer to her. She reaches into her bag pulling out their Arthimancy textbook. "This theorem here," She says pointing to one tucked in the back. "It's useful for bridging gaps like this." She shows him a few different number runs and how they can be manipulated using two theorems together. "We haven't even got to this one yet," he groans. "You're absolutely brilliant," Draco grins at her before pulling his work towards him. He doesn't move back where he was before choosing to stay sat close to her. Hermione blushes slightly at the compliment before turning back to her work. She tries to ignore how good he smells as she continues with her own work. When she moves onto potions he keeps watch. When she lists a 'fresh' ingredient in with the dry ingredients he speaks up. "You'd be better off with dried instead of fresh," he tells her. "Oh really? How come?" She asks sceptically. "When you grind it in the pestle it will release a small amount of fluid and that will change the whole composition. Yes dried is a little less potent but with an unstable potion adding even a millilitre of extra liquid can destroy your results," he shrugs. Hermione reads down her list of ingredients again mentally weighing the wet and dry. She glances to see if he's watching as she crosses out fresh amending it to dried. The quirk of his lips is the only signal he gives that he notices her change it. They study quietly together. Each makes little suggestions on the others work. A couple of hours later Hermione knows she needs to get back to the common room before the boys come looking for her. She packs her bag in silence as he continues working. Hermione hesitates before she leaves. "Tomorrow after lunch, I was going to work on defence against the dark arts and transfiguration," she keeps her back to him not sure if she wants to know his reaction. "Hmm yeah I could do with working on those too," Draco replies. She can practically hear the smirk in his voice. "It doesn't mean anything," she says still not looking at him. "Of course not," he replies smugly. She secures her bag more firmly on her shoulder before leaving the library. She doesn't need to look at the rose to know it's changed just a little more. Hermione spends the morning with her friends in nervous anticipation. She hasn't told them she practically invited Malfoy to study with her. She doesn't tell them about yesterday's study session either. When she arrives at the library, she's a little disappointed to find her table empty. She drops her bag, sets up her books before taking a seat. It's only ten minutes until Draco's sliding in next to her, his hair slightly wet. "I didn't see you at lunch," she says surprising him. "Extra Quidditch practice. We've got a big game next week," he smirks. "Oh," she says expecting more teasing than that. "We don't have to talk about Quidditch," Draco says pushing his hair back. She looks at him surprised. "We can discuss my amazing Quidditch skills all you like on our date once I beat Potter. There is that better? More what you expected me to