A/N: Thank you to my betas Maloreiy and Sinful824 for the help they gave. Draco Malfoy stares down at the mass of writhing bodies, wondering why he bothered to come tonight. He draws on the drink in his hand. Ah yes, Muggle alcohol has a higher potency than Wizard booze does, that's why he agreed to this. He should be back at the castle studying. N.E. are just two weeks away. Not only is he wasting a whole evening here, he's fairly certain tomorrow will be painful. Hangover potions have little effect against Muggle drinks. This bar is his favorite of the Muggle bars that Theo drags him to. The upper level wraps around the walls, leaving a wide expanse of empty floor to watch the crowd below. Draco has always loved people watching. Studying them, learning their weaknesses-little ticks that can be used against them. He doesn't do much of that anymore. He hasn't managed what Theo has achieved, universal popularity, but he's hardly hated anymore. Theo was smarter than him; first week of school, he'd befriended Granger. She defended Theo, introduced him to all her friends, kept her favorite study buddy close. She was civil, bordering on pleasant to Draco. He knew it was only for Theo. A lot of what both of them did was for Theo. That's why they were both there tonight. Theo wanted to party. Stress relief, he'd called it. A night to drink and dance away the stress. Draco was fine with the first, not so much the latter. A body presses against him from behind. A quick glance over his shoulder confirms his suspicions; Blaise has come to harass him. Blaise wraps his arms around Draco's waist pressing his cheek against Draco's. Draco lets him because he knows Blaise can and will do so much worse. "I hate it when you skulk away from the rest of us up here. Brooding isn't sexy anymore," Blaise tells him. "That's my goal in life, to be sexy." Draco rolls his eyes at his friend. "Are you even going to try to get laid tonight?" Blaise asks him. "We have exams in two weeks. I don't need the distraction." "One night of fucking is not a distraction." Draco ignores him. "Granger is here tonight." "What's that got to do with anything?" "Well, if we're talking about people who's goal in life is to be sexy, that girl has it sorted." "You don't swing that way," Draco laughs. "Tonight, she's got even me tempted," Blaise whispers. Blaise grabs Draco's chin forcing his head to turn to find the girl. Blaise lets go when he feels Draco stiffen in shock. Draco isn't sure how he hadn't spotted her. Now that he has, she has his full attention. She's dancing with Potter, if dancing is what you call that. Grinding their bodies in time to the music as Potter's better half brings them another round of shots and drinks. He watches her throat convulse as she swallows the drink, swapping partners to dance with Pansy. He watches as the two girls move together, dresses clinging to their bodies. Granger's dress is a sheer material with silver detailing that keeps it from revealing all. It dips low at the back stopping just below the curve of her spine. Despite having full breasts, she's chosen to skip a bra. He watches as her firm flesh moves uninhibited. Pansy is clad in red silk. The men in the club watch the girls in their dance. Draco drains his glass, handing the empty off to Blaise, and makes his way down the stairs. He stops beside Theo, close to where they're dancing. "Being sociable? Not like you." Theo grins before turning back to the show. The Weasley girl has joined them, matching their rhythm. "Like the dress?" Potter asks, leaning in to shout by his ear. It's harder to hear down here. "Don't think it would fit me," Draco replies, making Potter laugh. He turns his attention back to the girls. Hermione's dress must be held up with magic. His gaze is fixed on her hips. "Someone will cut in soon," Potter tells him nodding towards the crowd watching. "I'm getting Pansy, can you grab Hermione before someone else does?" Potter asks clapping a hand on his shoulder. Draco nods. He'll do the chivalrous thing and keep her safe. "You'll have to dance with her," Theo warns, as he prepares to grab Weasley, the three of them moving in together. Theo gets there first, leaving the two girls dancing. Draco and Harry approach together. As Harry slips his hands around Pansy's waist she turns into him, kissing Harry with a little too much enthusiasm for a public place. Draco slides his hands around Hermione from behind. He feels her tense. "It's me," he says by her ear as she turns to glance at him. This is it, the possibility she might slap him and tell him to bugger off. It's what he expects, it's not like it would be the first time she's slapped him. What he gets is her relaxing back into his arms, molding her body into his. Her hands come around to grip his arse, pulling him closer to her. She grinds her arse into his groin in time with the music. He tries to pivot his hips away to conceal his erection. Hermione spins in his arms to face him. "I know you're hard, you don't need to hide it. I want to feel your cock against my arse," she says into his ear, fighting against the music to be heard. She turns back around before he can respond. Placing her body back against his, she grabs his hands placing them around her waist. Draco keeps up with the rhythm she sets. He tries to ignore his friends. A quick glance up shows Blaise has taken his spot on the balcony. Blaise raises his glass to him; Draco looks back down at the witch in his arms. He starts to slide his hands up, waiting for the moment she stops him. She doesn't. Neither Potter, nor Theo look their way. In fact, glancing round he can't see any of their group. "Where did everyone go?" He asks Hermione. She shrugs in response. "Don't know, don't care," she sings before dissolving into giggles. "You're completely pissed, aren't you?" Draco asks, spinning her to face him. "I may have had a few," she admits, grinning. "Come on. I think we're done for the night," he says, and guides her out of the bar. Hermione giggles as she stumbles. He picks her up, carrying her one hand behind her back, the other under her knees. "I'm not wearing any underwear," she tells him. He puts her down, making her climb on his back instead. "Wrap your legs around me," he demands. "It's more fun when I'm facing your front," she whispers against his ear, licking at his earlobe. "I'm trying to get you back safe. Theo and Potter will kill me if anything happens to you." He walks them to somewhere private enough to Apparate, glad he'd taken it slow on the drinks tonight. "Granger, you need to stop that so I can Apparate us. I can barely think," he groans, as her mouth sucks on his ear lobe, flicking it with her tongue. She releases it, making him sigh in relief. "It's okay, there are other things I'd rather have in my mouth," she whispers, as her hand inches down his body closer to his groin. He grabs her wrist. "I'll splinch us if you keep that up." She brings her hand back, clamping it to the other one. Draco grips her arms at his neck with one hand as the other grips his wand. He Apparates them to Hogsmeade. Hermione shifts on his back bringing her heated core in contact with his skin where his shirt has ridden up. He can feel just how wet she is. Draco walks them back to the castle. After ten minutes, he gives up trying to stop her roaming hands and tries to just ignore her. The way he's holding her limits her movements, but her mouth has easy access to his neck and ears. She bites, sucks and nibbles at him. He struggles to keep his focus. Outside the door to her bedroom, Draco breathes a sigh of relief. He opens the door, walking them over to the bed. He tries to drop her onto the bed from his back but she drags him down with her. Somehow, they land with her straddling him, as he lays flat on his back trying to catch his breath from his sudden drop. Hermione leans down to kiss him, he can taste the sticky residue from the shots she's been drinking, almost too sweet. She sits up, and gripping the hem of her dress, she pulls it off, leaving her sitting naked on top of him. His eyes roam her bare flesh, causing him to harden even more. She giggles as she leans down to kiss him again, reminding him of just how drunk she is. He sighs as he pushes her off of him, stumbling from the bed. "We can't," he says, backing away, adjusting his painfully hard prick. "It wouldn't be right." He fumbles for the door handle as he looks back at her, watching as her confusion turning to fury. "I'm sorry," he says, as he slips out of the room. Standing in the corridor, he rests his forehead against her door, warring with himself. When something that sounds suspiciously like a book hits the door, he turns to walk the few feet to his own room. Doing the right thing sucks sometimes. Draco's the first to breakfast the next morning. He sits at the Slytherin table separate from the rest of his house. Eighth years get their own rooms and a shared common room but they're expected to join their houses at meal times. He's finished eating and is drinking his tea when the others start to arrive. Granger glares at him while she eats. Potter comes over to sit with him as Blaise and Theo enter the hall. None of them look happy with him, either. They sit, staring at him in silence. "I didn't touch her. She was so pissed she could barely stand, so I got her back here and put her to bed." "Oh, we know," Potter says, still glaring at him. "So what's with all the dark looks then?" he asks, confused. "The whole point of the night out was so you'd end the night in bed with her. It was all Hermione's plan," Theo tells him. "How many more hints did you need?" Blaise asks, condescension laces his tone as he rolls his eyes. "She was too drunk to say yes," he mutters. "You were being a gentleman?" Potter asks incredulous. "It has been known to happen," Draco replies, dryly. Potter bursts into laughter. "Right now, Hermione thinks you don't want her. That you don't find her attractive and that's why you left." "Shit," he responds, looking up at her, stunned. Draco attempts to smile at her as their eyes meet across the room. Hermione gets to her feet and storms out of the hall. After a moment's hesitation, he follows her out, rushing to catch up. "Granger, wait. Hermione, let me explain," Draco shouts. Her pace picks up, he watches as she rounds a corner losing sight of her. When he turns the corner, she's gone. He tries a few doors, even unlocking some. There's no way he's going to manage to find her like this. He returns to the Great Hall for some coffee; he's going to need it today. Draco returns to his seat, the others are still there. "You didn't catch her," Theo sighs. "No, she just vanished. I'll find her today somehow," Draco replies. "Where did you lose her?" Harry asks. "Third floor corridor," Draco says. "There's a secret passageway