Ok, so I just had this idea about a new Percy Jackson story and I decided, hey that's not bad. I should publish this on FanFiction. The problem is that I am already working on two other stories on FanFiction, one that I hope to publish soon, and two other books that I'm writing for fun and I don't think I could manage another one. But this is a good idea and I hope you like it as well. Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson series or HoO. That honor belongs to Uncle Rick. Also, I do not own the picture. I got it from fanpop. Near the strawberry fields in Camp Half-Blood, Annabeth lounged in the sun, soaking in all the soft, comforting heat that it expelled, while reading one of her newest novels and admiring the surprisingly lethargic day. Sighing contently, Annabeth's eyes scoured the words etched into the fragile paper, lips quirking into a small smile. You, go, girl! She thought as she inaudibly cheered on the main character when she, single-handedly, defeated one of the many antagonists in the intricate plot line. Ugh, why can't Percy do that with me? She grumbled dejectedly as the female warrior was swept off her feet by the man of her dreams, a literal knight in shining armor, so debonair, and- "Hey, Annabeth, whatcha doing?" Percy interrupted loudly as he plopped down next to her, a lopsided grin already broad on his handsome face. Grinding her teeth together, she glared at her boyfriend, irritated that he had to interrupt her in the middle of her reading session. The corners of his smile wavered, gulping, as he, gradually, scooted away from her and her piercing stare. Oh, fuck... In a last attempt to smother her growing indignation, she closed her eyes and with deep, calming breaths, she tried to expel any negative emotions. It's okay, Annabeth. It's not his fault that he's an idiot. Annabeth couldn't help the smirk that danced on her lips. Eyes widening, Percy tried to inch even farther away from her as terror slinked its way through his body. "Uh, Annabeth?" Her eyes immediately snapped open, revealing a stunning pair of stormy gray irises. She furrowed her brow as Percy trembled in front of her, sea green eyes wide. (Percy was not afraid to admit that in front of his friends when he recalled the memory and no one taunted him for it. All the monsters, Titans, and Giants that he'd faced in his past is nothing compared to the wrath of Annabeth Chase.) "Is something wrong?" She inquired, concern clear in her tone, as she reached out and intertwining her soft hand into his, the mere touch sending warm, tingly sensations through his entire body. "You're shaking." "Me, shaking. Yeah, right," Percy teased lightly before raising his chin and straightening his spine, his sudden presumptuous demeanor startling her slightly, as he continued, his lips twitching into a cocky smirk. "I've defeated countless monsters and foes. I am the almighty Percy Jackson and the almighty Percy Jackson trembles for no one." "Oh, really," Annabeth snorted, her already forgotten book laying dolefully in her lap. "What about the time that those two empousai, who were pretending to be cheerleaders, attacked you, guys, in the music room, was it?" Percy's eyebrow twitched at that, while she just smiled, smugly, before continuing. "Or the time we meet our first hellhounds, you seemed to be shaking then. Or-" "Okay!" Percy shouted, crossing his arms over his chest, with bottom lip jutted out and into a cute pout, as he muttered under his breath, "I get it." "Aw, come on, Perce," Annabeth murmured gently as she extracted his arms from his chest, clasping one of his hands firmly into hers. "You might be a seaweed brain, sometimes, but just remember," she paused for dramatic effect, before leaning in and with a wink and knowing smile, she whispered, " you're my seaweed brain." A bit of drool escaped Percy's mouth as he gazed at Annabeth, an enamored expression etched deeply into his face. He just couldn't help but admire the beauty that was Annabeth. The way the sunlight softened the edges of her features and casted a halo-like effect around her, her blonde hair shimmering like a river of gold and sparkling eyes that were a stunning shade of gray that Percy wouldn't mind staring into forever. She was so beautiful. Breath hitching in his throat, he flicked his attention to her plump, pink lips, nearly groaning as she licked her lips expectantly, eyes following the brief movement with anticipation. He wondered if there were as soft as he imagined as he leaned closer, his breath dancing over her lips. She shuddered slightly but before any passionate kissing could happen, much to their chagrin, Leo and Calypso somehow materialized behind them. ( Which Leo later clarifies, We didn't just suddenly appear there. We were standing there this entire time. Apparently, Percy forget he brought us along with…) "Uh, guys," Leo cleared his throat, eyes glinting with mischief, as he grinned at the couple, while Calypso just shifted her weight, gazing at anything but them, cheeks flushed. "I know this is probably bad time, but the movie's about to start." "Oh, yeah," Percy groaned, smacking his forehead, as he clambered onto his feet before offering his hand to Annabeth. "I knew I was forgetting something." "No, it's fine," Calypso smiled as she squeezed Leo's hand. "A little traumatized, but yeah, fine," Leo grinned cheekily at the two, though Percy acknowledged that he had a rosy tint to his cheeks. "Yeah, whatever," Percy grumbled under his breath, shoving his hands into the pockets of his jeans. "Let's go, Annabeth. We don't want to keep the campers from a fantastic night of movies we've already seen like a hundred times." "Hey, I don't care if you're making fun of me or Calypso (Which earned him a well deserved slap in the back of the head from aforementioned woman…), but don't you ever insult Tangled. It is amazing movie created by the geniuses of Disney. I'm not ashamed to admit that I cry at the end. It's so beautiful." "Oh shut up, Leo," Calypso snapped, crossing her arms over her chest. "If you loved that damn movie so much, why don't you just date it instead of me." And with that, she pivoted on the heel of her designer italian boots (A gift given to her by none other than Aphrodite. "Here, these are for you. I know you'll love them and I know you'll love them even more when you can throw them in Leo's face when he decides to irritate the hell out of you.") and strode away from the trio, hips swaying dramatically. Leo stared at her, mouth comically agape, but within seconds, he was dashing after his pissed off girlfriend, the grass smoking. Percy and Annabeth erupted into a fit of laughter when they heard Leo's pleading, Calypso's screaming, a thud and a gurgled cry that confirmed that Calypso had chucked her designer boots in his face, fulfilling their tended purpose. "Gods, that was hilarious," Percy managed to wheeze out between breaths while Annabeth only giggled in response. They stayed out by the strawberry field for a few moments until their breathing was smooth and the urge to laugh uncontrollably was stifled. Annabeth's already unruly blonde curls slipped out from her ponytail. Before she could wiped the annoying tendrils aside, Percy reached out and with a gentle touch, tucked it affectionately behind her ear. Her breath hitched in her throat as she flicked her eyes over to Percy, whose eyes were dark and intense. His fingers were light as they danced across her cheek. She didn't dare to move, to breathe. She was captivated entirely by him. Percy leaned forward, his breath mingling with her own. Annabeth's eyes fluttered shut as she licked her lips in anticipation. She waited. And waited. And waited. A spark of vexation erupted within her as she snapped one eye open. Percy smiled at her, the small curve of his mouth dramatically softening his gorgeous face. He pecked the side of her cheek, his lips lingering a second longer, before he drew away, his hand already grasping onto hers. "We don't want to keep them waiting." Was all he said before he began to stroll away with a baffled Annabeth in tow. Meanwhile… "Hey, Pipes, look at this," Jason gazed down at the book settled in his lap, the expression in his sky blue eyes a combination of curiosity and excitement. Piper, bewildered by her boyfriend sudden behavior, hesitantly crept over, her kaleidoscope eyes flicking toward the strange, leather-bound book in his hands. "What is that?" She inquired softly, as she plopped into the seat beside, her face peeking over his broad shoulder. "I don't know. I found it in my cabin behind my father's statue," he answered honestly as he trailed his calloused fingers over the smooth surface of the book. "Do you. Do you think we should open it?" "No, we should probably ask Mr. D about it and see what he knows before we do anything too hasty." "Well, I-" "-As if that drunk would know anything about books. He's the wine god. If you want to know anything about books, we should ask Chiron or Annabeth," a familiar voice called out from behind the couple, startling the living Hades out of them. Jason and Piper whipped their heads around and gawked at a sulking Nico and a beaming Will. "Don't scare us like that, Nico." Jason's grasp on his girlfriend's hand tightened. "Sorry," Nico grumbled, though his voice revealed that no, he was not apologetic about interrupting them. "So what is that?" Will spoke up as he peeked over Jason's shoulder. "Don't know yet, hence the reason why we wanted to speak to Mr. D," Jason replied while Will frowned, an expression that didn't correspond well with his usual effervescent personality, but nobody had time to dwell on that as suddenly, their ears picked up on a conversation that was occurring outside of pavilion. "I'm sorry, Calypso. I was just joking," Leo whined pathetically, the mental image of him on his knees and groveling for her forgiveness conjuring up in their minds, though they had no idea how the argument could have started. But knowing Leo, it was probably something stupid. "As if. I've seen the way you drool at her each time. It's disgusting. This thing between us just isn't working out. Maybe we need a break," Calypso murmured softly to herself, expression impassive, though on the inside, she was screaming and sobbing and smacking Leo repeatedly in the face with a frying pan. "But she's a fictional character," Leo wailed, the shuffling and grunting from outside revealing that Leo had leapt at her and was now grasping at her legs as she dragged him across the ground. "And I don't drool over. I don't like blondes. I like girls with gorgeous caramel brown hair and dark almond eyes who are so kind and wonderful that she helped this scrawny latino boy get home. I like girls who care for everybody and like to help people whenever they need it. I like girls who are feisty and rebellious and who even though denies that she ever likes the boy, still loves him with all her heart. I likes girls with hearts so warm that it could melt the most frozen of hearts. Most of all, I like girls like you, Calypso. In fact, I love you." A pregnant silence befell the couple and the other four who were eavesdropping, not on purpose they'll exclaim later. More shuffling could be heard as Leo scrambled onto his feet before reaching out and grasping onto both of Calypso's hands. He drew her closer to him, chocolate brown eyes staring earnestly at the girl he loved. Tears pooled in her eyes as she gazed at