FULL SUMMARY: Starting off in his first year at Hogwarts, Scorpius Granger-Malfoy juggles his responsibilities, his personal life, and the duty of being a gifted Healer (with the help of an amulet that was given to him at birth) as he ages throughout his life. A companion/sequel to "Let There Be No More Curse". **This is a stand-alone fanfiction.** *WARNINGS: Original Characters, occasional gruesome descriptions *PAIRINGS: Enjoy the surprises ahead. Side pairing is obviously Dramione, though hardly mentioned. *Genres: Drama, Teen/Adult "Did you ever think we would be housemates?" Scorpius Granger-Malfoy gave Edgar Weasley's question a thought over. Edgar was an only child and because of that, he practically got everything he wanted. He loved attention, but wasn't annoying about it like some kids would be who craved the same thing; he didn't force it upon people. Then again, Edgar didn't have to, he was funny, easy going, and an incredible Quidditch player. Not that playing Quidditch was a quality that Scorpius sought in people. He thought it was okay to watch, though he would never actually play it himself, but a lot of magical children (and adults too) thought Quidditch was the best thing on Earth, so if someone was a good player, there's a good chance of them becoming very popular. Edgar had a large family, and he wasn't the only one in it who was talented at Quidditch. He had plenty of cousins to compete and practice with; both James and Albus Potter were good players, and James had already joined a team in his second year! Louis Weasley was also a fantastic player, nearly able to play every position! Then there was Molly, who had just been promoted to captain of the Ravenclaw Quidditch team last year. The Weasleys (and Potters) were all taking after their parents who also had played Quidditch when they were in school years before— a couple of them had even played in the professional leagues after they graduated Hogwarts! Besides being an excellent Keeper, Edgar was a true optimist, and he loved food— something his father often teased him for as it was an interest they both shared. "If I had thought about it before today," Scorpius started as he lay down and pulled a quilt over his body, "I would have guessed you would have been sorted into Hufflepuff." "Really? I thought the same of you!" Scorpius smiled at his friend. He had known Edgar since he was real little, and he was happy to have a familiar face around. The other three boys he was dormed up with, Scorpius had never met before that night, and he was missing his family. Especially his sister, whom he was very close to. "Do you miss your parents?" Scorpius asked. Edgar scoffed in amusement. "It's been only ten hours since I waved good-bye to them! I've barely had time to miss them!" "You miss yours already?" one of the other boys asked Scorpius. His name was Dallas Copperton, and he had a funny accent. One Scorpius couldn't exactly place. "Yes," Scorpius admitted. He expected the other boys to tease him for saying that, but they didn't. "I miss my dog," Warren Daniels said, shrugging. "But not your family?" Warren grinned. "Not yet," he answered Edgar. The last boy occupying the dormitory was Simon Sirota. He did not add anything to the conversation, so Scorpius made an attempt to include him, but the boy didn't respond and ignored them all, staring up at the canopy of his bed. Edgar sent Scorpius a look, but Scorpius assumed Simon was shy and apprehensive. Teddy Lupin (Scorpius's second cousin) said that a lot of first years were that way until they made friends. Scorpius decided that he was going to be Simon's friend— if he would allow it. */* "You'll help me, right?" Edgar asked, taking out his Potions book from his bag. "My parents are absolutely lousy with this subject. Dad has forgotten practically everything ! And Mum was never really a fan of Potions." "I help you any other time, why wouldn't I now?" "Great, thanks!" "We should do alright. I've been watching my father do this for years, plus I studied a lot of books." "Yes, Dad says you're a walking encyclopedia just like your mum." Scorpius grinned. "If I wasn't, you can be certain that you would have a clueless Potions partner. Most aren't as lucky as I am to have a massive sized library of books." "Thank Merlin you love sniffing words then!" Edgar's statement made them both laugh, and a few surrounding housemates joined in. A short woman, barely taller than Scorpius, walked in, clapping her hands for their attention. The headmistress, Professor McGonagall, had introduced her to everyone right before the opening feast a couple nights back. Professor Lockberry. She was the shortest adult human Scorpius had ever seen. She didn't wear a dress nor a set of robes like most Professors did. Instead, she was dressed very Muggle-like: a pair of black jeans and a matching shirt with a frilly, white zip-up vest. Her dark blond hair was tied into a bun with two white pencils. "For those of you who weren't paying attention Saturday night, I'm Professor Lockberry—" she turned and pointed her wand to the blackboard, casting a spell, which began writing her name on it with fancy lettering. "—your Potions professor. This is my first year teaching, just as it is your first year learning, and I'm looking forward to the upcoming year. Do you have any questions before I take attendance?" A girl from the other side of the room raised her hand. "Yes, Miss…?" "Holly Dolly—" Someone snickered. Professor Lockberry disapprovingly looked to where the noise had come from and narrowed her eyes. "Miss Dolly, what is your question, dear?" "Am I going to have to touch certain… body… parts of...of… things ?" The girl looked green just from the thought. "Unfortunately, I'm afraid so, but any student who feels a little queasy over slimey, smelly, severed body parts of innocent or not-so-innocent creatures, can request an anti-nausea potion from the informatory. Though, I do warn you, if you have just been introduced to potion drinking, the flavour of it is not at all appetizing!" She gave the room a sympathetic smile. "Anymore questions?" Dallas raised his hand this time. "I grew up believing that the head off a shroomock is poisonous, yet I see it listed here in this book as an ingredient that we digest …?" "Oh, the controversial subject of shroomock…" Professor Lockberry displayed a grin. Scorpius sensed that it was fake. "And your name is?" "Dallas Copperton, ma'am." "Handled accordingly, shroomock heads are as harmless as fiddle fairies." Scorpius squirmed in his seat. A sick feeling hit the pit of his stomach. Fiddle fairies were far from harmless. "I shall take attendance now," Professor Lockberry cut off a boy who intended to address that matter. "No more questions, please. Lower your hand, young man." "She's a little nutty, isn't she?" Warren voiced after their lesson was over. "We've barely even met her, give her a chance," Edgar defended their professor. "Not everyone is the same." "Fiddle fairies are extremely dangerous," Scorpius stressed. "They are not harmless." "Aren't they the ones that eat your face off?" Dallas asked. "No, you're thinking of the nose-eating sprites," Warren supplied. "Fiddle fairies have been known to carry you off at sunset and then remove your toes one by one, bathing their new hatchlings with the blood that's been spilled from the wounds." Edgar looked like he was about to throw up. "Okay, Scorpius, that's just disgusting!" "They really do that?" Dallas was baffled. Scorpius nodded. "There's a myth saying that they do it as a form of vengeance for us using their eggs in our potions, but I've found documentation which deems that as fiction. Fiddle fairies have been torturing humans for centuries, since before using their eggs in our brews." "Let's not talk about this anymore," Edgar said, shuddering. "That's quite frightening to think about!" "Which potions contain shroomock heads?" Warren asked warily. "I'd like to take precautions." "None that we have to worry about consuming for a few years. They are unsafe for underdeveloped children to drink." Scorpius informed. "It stunts our growth." "Would a potion like that stop a giant from growing?" Dallas wondered. The boys didn't know the answer to that. "I'll look it up later and see if I can find out for you." Warren cupped a hand to Scorpius's shoulder. "Now I like him," he said to the others. "He's going to pretty useful to have around." "Definitely," Edgar agreed. Later that day, Scorpius saw Simon in the library and sat next to him after he had selected a few books that he would need for his Charms assignment. "Hello there, Simon." Simon turned a page to the book he was reading without giving Scorpius so much as a glance. "I got a book that should help us understand the Wingardium Leviosa charm better." "Do I look incompetent to you?" the other boy finally spoke, his voice full of venom. Scorpius felt like he had been just been slapped in the face. "No, you look very intelligent actually, but I—" "Assumed that I would need, much less want your help?" Simon cut him off sharply. "Well, I don't, so go take your bloody book and find someone else who cares about your happy-go-lucky, sickly-sweet attitude." "Alright." Scorpius slowly arose from the chair he had sat in. "Should you ever need help though—" "Shove off, Mister Sunshine." Scorpius reluctantly backed away as Simon glared at him until he was a few feet away. Simon then went back to reading. "He's not a chatty chap," Warren said at dinner when Scorpius had asked the others if they had been able to talk with him. "He ignores any of my efforts to get him to talk," Edgar added. "I'm surprised to hear that he has spoken at all." "I asked him where he was from, but he gave me this look like I had just marked his mum for death or something," Dallas informed. "He'll come around," Edgar told them, trying to remain positive. His lips tucked into his mouth when they looked over at Simon who was sitting a few seats down. "He knows we're talking about him," Warren whispered, looking away from his cold eyes. Scorpius felt a little guilty for gossiping about Simon, especially when Simon uprooted from the table and left the Great Hall in a hurry. Scorpius concentrated on eating for the rest of the meal, not saying another word, having difficulties enough with swallowing down food while there was a big lump in his throat. He regretted not going after Simon, but he knew that would have been a pointless thing to do; it seemed like Simon didn't want any friends. Scorpius was going to have to try a different approach, but he was lost on how to address the issue. He didn't want to push Simon into a friendship, but he had to do something. He walked back to the common room in silence, skipping out on dessert. The corridors were nearly quiet as almost everyone was back at the Great Hall. He frowned, twirling an amulet that he had inherited from his family in his hands, intently thinking on how he could help Simon. He was so absorbed in his thought process that he didn't notice the amulet was pulsing with a faint, green light. */* It had been a week since Scorpius last seen any of his family. He had sent them letters and gotten quick replies full of questions. Talli (his sister) had the most though. Talli was a Squib, so she could never come to Hogwarts. Ever. A couple years ago, she had accepted her magic status alright, but lately, because Scorpius wouldn't be around, she was moody. Her letters were friendly enough, though messily written (he and Talli