The Snapes had always been a musical family. Though they were unsuited for one another in just about every other way, the love of music had brought Severus' parents together. His earliest memories had been accompanied by the sound of music - his mother practicing her viola, or the two of them attending the brass band concerts where his father had played the tenor horn. Those were some of the happy times, but being who they were, Severus' parents still could never quite get things right. At the age of five, his mother had given him a quarter-sized violin that had belonged to her as a child. His father had objected very loudly to his son playing a 'sissy girl instrument,' and tried to switch the boy over to a cornet. Severus had stayed with the violin. Fearing the censure of his peers, Severus had hidden his musical abilities from everyone at Hogwarts. While out on her rounds late one night, Minerva McGonagall had found the boy in an empty classroom, doggedly practicing a piece of music far too difficult for him. Knowing the trying times he'd been having with some of his classmates from her own house, the Gryffindor Head had encouraged him to continue to pursue his musical talent. Minerva, who played violin as well as piano, had given Severus access to her own private music room. Minerva's mentorship turned out to be a gift indeed, for even in the dark years ahead Severus continued to find music a joy and solace. Five years after the Second War Hermione Granger was unemployed and couldn't be happier. For the first few years after the war, her life had been a series of jumps into anything that gave her the feeling that things were truly back to normal again. In hindsight, she knew that many of her choices had been mistakes, especially the ministry job (where she had learned very quickly that she would not be able to make a difference), and the string of short term relationships she'd had once she and Ron had decided they were not suited to be together. Now for the first time in several years, Hermione felt she was living her life on her terms. She had decided she would enjoy some time off, after which she could find a part-time job and look into taking some classes at university. Not having a high pressure Ministry job also meant more time to spend with her friends. Tonight she and Luna had spent the evening at a Chinese restaurant in Muggle London, after which they had visited several pubs, ending the evening at the Leaky Cauldron. Relaxed after several glasses of wine, Hermione was content to follow Luna across the room to a back corner table. A table that, she soon noticed, was already occupied. "Luna," Hermione hissed, prodding her friend in the back, but Luna was already pulling out a chair, leaving Hermione trapped in the gaze of her old Potions professor. ~sshg~ Severus Snape sat in his favorite corner of the Leaky Cauldron, enjoying a relaxing drink after work. Before this year, his drinking had been done almost as a ritual to counterbalance life's stresses, but things had been going so well lately that Snape wondered if his good fortune was an accidental fluke. Snape's thoughts turned to what he might do with the time on his hands if he ever hired an assistant to help with his growing business. His secret dream, known only to himself and Minerva McGonagall, was to begin playing his violin again. The goal, of course, would be to get back to a level of ability that would enable him to audition for a semi-professional orchestra. Severus felt himself pulled out of his enjoyable musings as he noticed Luna Lovegood approaching his table. Severus suppressed a groan, for the eccentric Miss Lovegood was apparently dressed for socializing in a clash of colors that assaulted his senses. If that weren't bad enough, following close behind was none other than Hermione Granger. What would it take to convince Wizarding Britain that despite all efforts to cultivate his companionship he was simply not interested? "Mr. Snape! I was hoping I'd find you here!" "Miss Lovegood. I was hoping to spend a bit of time after work unwinding on my own; surely you are not here to discuss business?" The Lovegood girl was semi-employed as a delivery person/sales rep for her paramour/fiancé Neville Longbottom. It amused the Potions Master to no end that in business matters, Longbottom used Luna Lovegood as his go-between; he often wondered if he was still the boy's Boggart. Even so, Severus had profited greatly using Longbottom's carefully cultivated rare potions ingredients, so he'd best be careful to keep a civil tongue in his head. He was just opening his mouth to invent an excuse for leaving when he caught a closer look at Luna's companion. Was this the same Hermione Granger, the bookworm and swot who had been the brainpower behind the Golden Trio? The girl had matured in many ways, and he found himself frankly perusing her body, liking what he saw. Nimue's knickers , he thought, wondering what level of Hades he had suddenly been catapulted into; I'm ogling a student! An ex-student! Oh bloody hell! The first and last time Severus had stared at a woman's body with that amount of obvious fascination had earned him a well-deserved slap. Severus guiltily dragged his eyes back to Granger's face, finding to his surprise that she looked flustered rather than angry. Her face was slightly pink, and weren't the points of her nipples beginning to appear through the soft fabric of her jumper? Could it be that his gaze actually turned her on? "Have a seat, Miss Granger," Severus said, his voice low and inviting. She complied, her face growing even more flushed as her leg accidently brushed against his under the table. Despite his attempts to distract her, Snape found the witch easily kept up with his and Lovegood's shop talk, and all thoughts of leaving were flying far, far away. Not only was he enjoying engaging Granger in the conversation, but he was also sporting an erection roughly the size of the astronomy tower. Lovegood was nattering on, earnestly trying to express how she knew his company would grow even more profitable if an assistant were hired, only to Severus it seemed that she was also partly attempting to convince him that he would personally benefit from it as well. Luna stopped in mid sentence, glancing down at a colorful wristwatch. "I'd love to stay, but Neville and I have an appointment to meet up outside Greenhouse Six this evening." Gathering her belongings, she bent to kiss Hermione's cheek. "The moon cycle is at the perfect time to aid conception, and we need to join together at least three times tonight to avoid the influence of Moon Frogs." Severus cringed at the young woman's words, trying to erase the mental picture of Longbottom and Lovegood cavorting naked underneath the night sky. Hermione's face was pink with suppressed laughter. "Luna, your wedding isn't taking place for three months!" "We've planned it that way. Don't you know that magical unions receive a special blessing if the bride is already pregnant?" Luna practically skipped across the room to the massive fireplace, threw in some Floo powder and vanished, leaving her companions contemplating one another across the table. ~ss~ Severus passed through the complex set of wards and wearily entered his flat. He felt like a complete dunderhead. "What's the matter, dear, your date didn't turn out the way you wanted?" the mirror in his entryway inquired. He had hexed it often enough that it no longer commented on his appearance, however the mirror seemed to have no such compulsion acting as his agony aunt. "It was not a date," Severus snarled. "You could have fooled me," the mirror replied in a know-it-all sounding voice. Loosening his tie, Snape went to his sitting room and poured himself a generous glass of Firewhiskey. He'd certainly made a mess of things. If his senses had not deceived him, he'd found a witch who was interested in him. She definitely seemed flushed and, dare he say, aroused by his glances and conversation. So what had he done? Instead of proposing that she join him in a setting more intimate than the Leaky, he'd gone and offered her a job. A job! Sitting in his favorite chair, Severus took several swallows of his drink. His balls throbbed, yet he was not going to indulge himself in the puerile behavior of a wank. He ground his teeth and forced himself to thrust away the image of licking Granger's nipples until she shrieked. It was going to be a long night. By the next morning, good sense had caught up with him. It was remarkable how much clearer a situation became in the daylight hours. He had come so close to plunging – literally – into something that he was truly not prepared for. Of course he did not want to get involved in a relationship. Having a willing witch in his bed on a regular basis would be welcome after some lean times, but what of the aftermath, when a woman would begin to insinuate herself into every aspect of his life? Ever a private man, Severus had never been willing to share his personal space with another, and firmly wished it to remain that way. Yes, he had found Hermione Granger very attractive. But he couldn't have her working for him. ~hg~ Rather than Floo home directly from the Leaky, Hermione chose to Apparate to a destination that afforded her a brief walk to her flat. The lateness of the hour did not bother her; the well-lit streets of Hermione's neighborhood were still filled with pedestrians who were eagerly out enjoying their Friday evening. Just about all the effects of the many glasses of wine she'd consumed had worn off, and Hermione slowly let her mind become ordered as she took in the crisp air of the clear, moonlit night. That had certainly been an odd encounter with her former professor. She had always kept a picture in her mind of Snape's eyes: cold, passionless, and finally, as he had seemingly bled out in front of her, dead. Tonight, though – Hermione felt her womb give an involuntary clench and she shuddered slightly as she recalled the hot, hungry look of his eyes as they had swept over her body. She knew that with any encouragement tonight she would have ended up in bed with Severus Snape. By the next morning, good sense had caught up with her. Of course she didn't want to jump into a sexual relationship. She looked back on the time after the war as a brief aberration, perhaps a way of catching up with the adolescence she'd lost out on while helping Harry defeat Voldemort. For a while it was enjoyable to casually date or engage in brief affairs, but after a year or two, the friends with benefits kind of relationship had lost its allure. The sex had been lovely, of course, but Hermione had been unprepared for the emptiness she had felt as each liaison had played itself out. So, at the age of twenty-three, Hermione had been celibate for nearly two years and felt fully in control of her life. Hermione wore her most severely tailored business robes for the meeting to discuss the terms of her employment. The first part of the interview did not go well. Hermione thought that Snape looked ill at ease, almost as if he was getting ready to rescind his impulsive offer. She did her best to assure him that her skill set was just what he needed, and finally got him to consent to hire her primarily as his office manager, with the understanding that there were times she would be available to help him brew. He