Disclaimer: HmmmLet's see... Nope, I still don't own that elf or that ranger. Only the original characters belong to me. Hey, that's better than nothing! Summary: Legolas and Aragorn discover an injured young dragon and offer their help. What happens as a result ends up in an adventure that none of them could ever have imagined. A/N : Welcome, readers! Here's my latest story. I hope my old readers have come back after skipping my last story. I knew a lot of you wouldn't like a character death tale. To those of you who did, thank you for your reviews. As for this one, only the bad guys bite the dust. I'm looking forward to hearing from each and every one of you. Hint. Hint. This story starts out with a lot of humor. It will turn more serious beginning in the next chapter, though there will still be some humor along the way. I hope you all enjoy my tale. (And yes, my crazy plot bunny is still around.) DRAGONFIRE by White Wolf Chapter One "Those footprints can belong to only one creature," Aragorn stated confidently. He did not have small feet for a man, but he frowned slightly to see how little his own appeared to be next to the depression in the soft earth he was staring at. Legolas nodded. "A dragon." "I had no idea that one lived anywhere around here." They stood not all that far north of Rivendell, close to the foothills at the base of the Misty Mountains. "This one may not live around here," Legolas pointed out. "They do fly, you know." The elf grinned at his human friend. Then he frowned slightly. "But they rarely ever walk ." Both man and elf looked toward the direction that the tracks led. Finding dragon tracks was indeed a rare occurrence. Usually the first sign of a dragon was seeing one flying overhead. Aragorn turned a questioning expression toward Legolas. "Well?" "Well what?" the elf asked. "What is a dragon doing walking around here?" The elven archer was a little irritated at the question and had no problem letting the ranger know it. "How should I know?" he replied with a sharp tone. "You're an elf," the man stated flatly, as if that explained everything. However, the look on his friend's face told him clearly the elf didn't understand the implication of the remark. Legolas continued to stare at the ranger for a few seconds and then burst out laughing. When he finally got himself under control, he said, "I have been aware of that fact for many years now, Estel. What has it got to do with the current situation?" "Well, it's widely known that elves have a special affinity for animals. Your people communicate with them and know a great deal about where and how they live. I thought you might know why a dragon would be out walking around in this area." "I hardly know what to say, Estel. I appreciate the compliment. However, elves are not all-knowing, when it comes to dragons. I am as much in the dark here as you are." Compliment aside, Legolas was too annoyed by his friend's presumption to notice that he had just admitted to a lack of knowledge, especially about animals. It was something he rarely ever did. Aragorn was not offended by the elf's irritated attitude, and he didn't want to call attention to Legolas's admission of ignorance regarding this dragon, at least for the present, so he ignored the elf's words. "Then I guess we have no choice but to follow the tracks and see where they will lead." "Where they will lead is to a dragon, Estel." Legolas commented logically. "Do you really want to go there?" He may not have known as much about dragons as Aragorn had thought, but he sure knew that dragon's were exceedingly dangerous. He was sure the man knew that, too. Everyone was well aware of Smaug and his deadly ways. The grin that spread across Aragorn's face left no doubt what his answer would be. His words confirmed it. "Of course, I want to go there. Think of the opportunity we'll have." He started off, striding swiftly beside the dragon tracks, leaving an exasperated elf in his wake. Legolas shook his blond head. Hadn't he done this before? Weren't he and Estel always getting into some kind of trouble that never failed to ensnare them and was most likely destined to do so again? "Think of the opportunity to find a new way to die," the elf muttered. Then he sighed and began to follow the ranger, visions of being turned into a steaming puddle swirling through his mind. x x x x x Legolas had taken the lead at the end of the second hour. The dragon tracks consistent. In soft dirt, they were several inches deep; in hard dirt they were shallower, butt they never ceased all together. They were pointing in a relatively straight line toward the mountains. Suddenly, Legolas called a halt to their progress. "What is it?" Aragorn asked softly, not sure whether speaking normally might cause a problem. He decided not to take the risk of being overheard by the dragon or anything else unpleasant that might have caught the elf's attention. "Do you not hear it?" Legolas inquired. "The dragon is on the other side of those rocks just ahead of us." He jabbed his forefinger several times slightly to their right. Aragorn listened and thought he heard the faint sounds of...grumbling? He almost forgot to be quiet, when he started laughing out loud. He clamped his hand over his mouth. Pulling his hand down, after a minute, he said, "If I didn't know better, I'd swear it was the voice of a very irritated dwarf." The sound was indeed a voice, and it was indeed irritated. And it did come very close to sounding just like a dwarf. Both elf and ranger crept up to the rocks and silently moved so that they could peer around them to see what lay beyond. It surprised neither one that what they saw was not even close to being a dwarf. It was a dragon hunched down little more than thirty feet from their position. What they heard was the voice of an irritated dragon, a very irritated dragon. "...walking around in this miserable place," the voice was saying. Legolas and Aragorn turned their heads so that their eyes met. They were sure the expression they each saw on the other's face was the same one on their own. "A red dragon," they both said simultaneously. "A young one from the look of it," Legolas said. Then he noticed something odd about the dragon. Why was it bending over and seemingly caressing its left wing? "There is something wrong with it." Aragorn didn't try to figure out what Legolas was talking about. He was occupied with staring at the red creature in front of him. If it had been standing upright, it would have been a good fifteen feet tall. Its tail, which it had curved behind it, was in itself almost half again that long. Two large horns swept back from just behind and above its eyes. The sun sparkled off of its scaly body, flashing a brilliant red. "Despite its dangerous nature, the beast is beautiful." Legolas remarked, always able to appreciate beauty whenever he beheld it. Aragorn laughed. "See what I mean?" he said. "You elves can find beauty in anything that breathes." "I never have found any such beauty in an orc, or a warg, either, for that matter." Legolas replied, making a face of disgust. "And the spiders of Mirkwood..." "Well there are exceptions," Aragorn admitted, "even for elves." The archer continued with his admiration. "Do you not see how the sun reflects off of the smooth scales and how..." "All right, I get your point, Legolas." The man was not about to stand there and listen to the physical virtues of a red dragon, of all things. "What do we do now?" "Why are you asking me? You are the one who wanted to follow it." "Very well then..." Aragorn began. He didn't get any further. The voice that came at them was no longer grumbling. It was loud, and it was demanding. "Who goes there? Show yourselves." "Now look what you've done." " Me ?" the elf protested yet again. "Now!" came the demand from beyond the rocks. There was no denying that it would have to be obeyed. To do otherwise would put the two friends in peril, since they knew they were not going to be able to run from the creature. Legolas and Aragorn shrugged at each other and then walked resignedly around their stone shelter and stood before the dragon. Neither showed fear but then neither could deny their pounding hearts and clenched stomach muscles, because neither had ever stood and stared up into the gleaming yellow eyes of a dragon. "Why have you followed me?" the dragon asked in the same demanding tone. "Surely you do not intend to try and kill me." It was then that elf and ranger were glad that neither had drawn a weapon before facing this creature. Like trying to run, they didn't believe they would have been able to kill or even harm the dragon before it killed them. Both Legolas and Aragorn held their hands out in front of them, palms up, to show that they were unarmed. They weren't sure whether that would matter in the end, but it's all they could think of to do, at the moment. "We do not intend to harm you," Aragorn said. The dragon snorted. "As if you could," it remarked haughtily. "An elf and a human would have no chance against me," the dragon scoffed. In an attempt to show the two beings it towered over that its words were accurate, the dragon raised its head, pointing it to the sky, and blew out a white hot flame a good twenty feet into the air. It was only the distance above them that kept Legolas and Aragorn from feeling the full intensity of the heat. As it was, they felt their cheeks warming. Aragorn leaned over and whispered to Legolas. "If it's trying to impress us, it's working---in my case, at any rate." He was sure the roaring of the flames would hide his words, though they were not derogatory ones and would probably only serve to increase the dragon's naturally inflated ego. As the dragon continued to blow fire, it raised its wings to spread them out and make itself even more daunting. That was the a big mistake. It suddenly screamed in pain and pulled its left wing down and cradled it against the front of its huge body. Legolas and Aragorn just stared in disbelief. The elf was the first to recover. "What is wrong with your wing?" "Nothing," the dragon snapped fiercely, though it was clear the beast was not telling the truth. "Sounds like someone else I know," the ranger said without taking his eyes off of the red creature before him. "I have no idea who you could be talking about," Legolas remarked in his most innocent voice. "Unless, of course, it is one of your brothers." Aragorn laughed. It was true Elladan and Elrohir often tried to hide injuries, but no one was more stubborn about doing it than the elf that stood beside him. The ranger then took a tentative step forward, raising his hands in a non-threatening gesture. "I am a healer among my people. Perhaps I can help you." The dragon glared at Aragorn. "I do not need the help of a human. Nor do I trust one not to try to do whatever damage he could inflict...before dying." The dragon's meaning was clear. "Is there anyone among your kind who can aid you?" Legolas asked, as he stepped up beside