Summary: Do unicorns really exist? A young Legolas is about to find out. Disclaimer: Two words: Not mine. A/N : This story was written for the Mellon Chronicles Teitho Contest - Fairy Tale: Middle-earth Style. AN ENCHANTED ADVENTURE by White Wolf The two young elves crouched behind a cluster of underbrush and stared out toward the clearing and the small stream, as it made its way between the forest's ancient trees. Both were young, even by elven standards, being around the age of fifteen the way humans would reckon it. One had light golden hair and the other was a more honey-colored blond. Legolas, the slightly younger of the two, said, "The unicorn will come to drink just before the sun lifts above the horizon." Surrounded by forest as they were, the sunrise itself would not be seen, but being elves, they knew the exact moment the event would occur. With obvious doubt, Kirdil, the darker-haired youth, asked, "And you know this how, because my Ada says they do not even exist?" "My Ada says the same thing, but I know that they do exist," Legolas insisted stubbornly. He did not dwell on the fact that his thoughts on the matter went contrary not only to his father, the king, but to everyone else he had heard tell of. No adults, it seemed, believed in unicorns. "But you have never seen a unicorn," Kirdil stated, making a further argument for his point of view. learned from those same doubting adults. "No," Legolas had to admit. "But that does not mean they do not exist. I have never seen Valinor, either, but I know that it is there. I just know there are unicorns, too." "Others have seen Valinor, Legolas" Kirdil pointed out, effectively nullifying one of Legolas's arguments. "Besides, if they were real, someone would have seen one long before now." Kirdil looked at Legolas with an expression that dared him to offer concrete evidence to the contrary. Legolas tightened his mouth into a grim line. He took a deep breath. 'Please, Valar, send a unicorn to the stream now, so my friend will believe me,' he pleaded silently. Neither elf spoke as the day began to grow lighter. No matter his doubt, Kirdil stared as hard at the clearing as Legolas was currently doing. If somehow a unicorn did show up, he was determined not to miss it. But no unicorn showed up. Once the two young elves heard the whisper of an approaching animal, and both held their breaths. The form of a brown buck came into their line of sight. The sighs that were released by the two youths was pure disappointment. They waited patiently as the deer drank his fill and left. Next a family of foxes arrived, also drinking all they wanted, and then they, too, left. Within the next ten minutes, half a dozen other animals came to the stream to slake their thirst. Sadly, none of them was a unicorn. "This was a waste of time," Kirdil finally stated, unable to hide his exasperation. "We could have slept an extra couple of hours." He looked at Legolas. "I'm going home. Are you coming?" Legolas was too disappointed to face the trek back to the palace right then. "No. I will be along later." "Suit yourself." Legolas never would have trusted what he considered a secret had Kridil not been his best friend. Nonetheless the prince wished he had not told the other elf this idea he had about the existence of unicorns in general and the one from his dreams in particular. Kirdil saw his friend's face, and his attitude softened. He put his hand on Legolas's shoulder. In a voice full of sympathy, he said, "Do not worry, Legolas. I will not tell anyone about this. I am sorry your unicorn did not show up." He then rose and headed down the path that would lead toward the realm's palace and the elven settlements around it where Kirdil lived. Legolas continued to stare forlornly at the clearing. "Why did the unicorn not show up?" the elf asked, not realizing he had spoken out loud until he heard the sound of his own voice. Legolas looked down the path Kridil had just taken, though the other elf had long disappeared from view. The prince was not worried about Kirdil changing his mind and telling anyone else about what Legolas believed. He wasn't even embarrassed that his friend probably thought he was slightly crazy. He just plain wanted to see a unicorn. The sun had risen high enough to filter down through the branches of the trees and create dappled patterns on the ground below. Frequently, the rays would hit the clear water of the bubbling stream, sending out flashes of brilliance that danced over the stream's surface and mesmerized Legolas on most occasions. His disappointment was so keen, he barely noticed them now. Sure that the unicorn would not make an appearance now that the full light of day had arrived, the young prince reluctantly got to his feet and headed home. xXx Not wanting to face disappointment again, Legolas tried to push all thought of unicorns out of his mind, instead spending his time studying his lessons with his tutors, engaging in warrior training, which he had long ago found an affinity for, and interacting with his family and friends. Kirdil had only asked once if the unicorn had ever shown up. When Legolas shook his head, the older elf frowned with regret. He felt bad for Legolas and, he had to admit, for himself, as well. He would have loved to have seen a unicorn. But Kirdil was convinced that Legolas was mistaken. Not wanting to be the cause of any more sadness for his friend, Kirdil dropped the subject completely. Yet despite his best efforts, Legolas could not ignore the beautiful snow-white unicorn that continued to come to him in his dreams. He always got the feeling that the animal was trying to tell him something. That was one of the reasons he wanted so much to see the creature in person. The dreams were how he had first become convinced that unicorns did indeed exist. He couldn't explain the logic of why no one had ever seen them. Warriors patrolled the forest constantly. If a unicorn lived in the great forest, surely there would have been a sighting or at the very least some kind of evidence of their presence. Why were his dreams so insistent, if the mythical creature was just that-a myth? A Fairy Tale told to delight young children? He didn't want to believe that his mind had latched onto the wondrous beast simply because he wished so much to believe he could actually find one. He was not yet an adult, but he was no longer a child, either. So why the dreams? xXx Three weeks after he had taken Kirdil to the clearing in the forest, Legolas told his father he wanted to sleep in the forest for a night. Normally, Thranduil did not let his son go out by himself overnight, but Legolas insisted that if he was ever to be considered a responsible future warrior, he needed to prove himself trustworthy to do this and keep himself safe. After thinking it over, Thranduil agreed, making it clear that there would be warriors nearby but not so close that they would infringe upon Legolas's sense of freedom. Knowing that was the best deal he was going to get, Legolas nodded. Though curious, Thranduil did not question his son about what he planned to do with his time. That afternoon Legolas put a few things in a small pack and left the palace, telling his father that he would be well and not to worry. He might as well have told the Forest River to reverse course. Hard as it was, Thranduil was determined to abide by his own 'rules'. He had already told the warriors that would be responsible for his son's safety to stay within range of any call for help Legolas might make. He had also received a promise from Legolas to make that call, if there was any threat to him, even if he thought he could handle it on his own. Thranduil kissed his son's forehead and wished him well. He sighed, as he watched Legolas cross the bridge over the Forest River and head toward the forest. Legolas was growing up, and the king was suddenly aware how hard it was becoming to accept that fact. The king turned and went to his office to finish the new stack of documents that awaited him. xXx Legolas enjoyed the walk in the forest on his way to the clearing. He had made that same trek many times in the company of others, most recently with Kirdil. But never had he done so alone. He found the walk refreshing and fraught with anticipation. Sleeping alone in the forest for the first time and hopefully seeing the unicorn the next morning was almost too much excitement to contain. Legolas reached the clearing an hour before sunset and decided to lay his blanket behind the underbrush that had been his and Kirdil's hiding place three weeks before. Dropping his pack, the young elf began to prepare everything he would need to pass the night comfortably. He had decided on the way here not to build a fire. No one but the Valar knew the real reason Legolas wanted to spend the night here in the forest. He had made up his mind that he was going to give the unicorn he still believed in one more chance to make itself known. If it didn't, Legolas would know he was simply not meant to see a unicorn, and the creature would be forever consigned to remain in the realm of his dreams. The elf slept little. For once the stars did not soothe him the way they usually did. His anticipation was too strong to do more than deepen his anxiety and keep it at a heightened level. When he finally did manage to drift off shortly after midnight, the unicorn came to him again just as it always did. Since they started, the dreams had varied only slightly from one another, but the central theme was always the same: the unicorn appeared to him beside the stream that ran through the clearing. The blond-haired elf awoke with a start, not sure for a moment where he was. Then he remembered. Legolas turned over on his side and this time closed his eyes, hoping to shut out everything from his mind that his vision might generate. Finally, after more vain attempts to go back to sleep, Legolas sat up. He looked at the sky and judged the time to be about two hours before dawn. That was close enough, he thought, so he sat up, grabbed a piece of the lembas he had brought with him and began munching on it. Once he had finished eating, he sat very still and trained every bit of his hearing on the night sounds of the forest. It was peaceful here, but it was not peace that he was seeking. Just as the sky began to turn from black to a deep blue, he heard the first animal approach the stream. Somehow knowing it was not going to be what he was hoping for, the elf prince nonetheless raised up and stared toward the clearing. He was right. The animals that neared the water were a doe and her fawn. Though disappointed yet again, Legolas couldn't hold back a smile. There was always something special about a baby animal that Legolas couldn't resist. If it weren't for the hoped for unicorn, he would have gone over and made friends with the tiny deer and its mother. Legolas watched the lightening sky with dismay. Was this to be another fruitless vigil? Was he to be denied yet