Disclaimer : Alas, I do not own any of J.R.R. Tolkien's creations. I just love to play with them for a while. Summary : As a small sapling grows up into a beautiful tree, it gives comfort through the years to a young Legolas, as he himself grows up. A/N : Obviously, the dates here are my own creation. I never thought Legolas was as old as a lot of people think he was, so I've made him an age that is more in keeping with what I believe his true age may have been. NAN'S TREE by White Wolf TA 2344 A dejected Legolas sat silently on one of the benches that were scattered along the pathways throughout the lush palace garden. His little legs were tucked up under him, and his hands were gripping the front edge of the bench tightly, as he slowly rocked back and forth. This was his nana's garden. But he knew it would be hers no longer for she was no longer here to tend it. Such a thought was so foreign to the elfling that he could barely grasp it. Tears rolled down his cheeks and dripped onto his knees, as his body swung over them. When he had been told of his mother's death, he hadn't understood, not really. When his father had explained, leaving out the details, saying only that it meant she had left the forest and would not be coming back, Legolas had run from the palace, grief-stricken and confused. Thranduil, his own heart breaking, had gone to the garden looking for his little son in hopes of being able to explain, in age-appropriate terms, what had happened and offer the child some measure of solace. It didn't take the king long to spot Legolas, sitting forlornly on the bench and staring down at the dirt path. Thranduil sat down next to the elfling but didn't say anything. He wanted to wait until Legolas was ready to listen. He was so young. Thranduil wondered how he could possibly make this child understand why his mother wasn't ever going to return to their home? With determination, Thranduil pushed his own pain aside in order to deal with his son. "Where did Nana go?" Legolas asked softly between his sniffles. "Your nana went to the Halls of Waiting." A puzzled look settled on the elfling's face. He had heard of the Halls before but never knew what they were. "If she needed to wait for something, could she not have waited here with us?" Thranduil's heart ached at the question. He missed his wife dreadfully and was still suffering from shock at her loss, but he, at least, understood what had happened. Legolas did not. He was not only hurting, but he didn't truly grasp why. With a deep sigh, Thranduil continued. "Your nana loved all of us very much. You know she always called you her treasure. She did not want to leave." "Then why did she?" the child demanded angrily in a tearful but loud voice. To him, if you loved someone, you didn't go away and leave them. "She had no choice, Legolas. If one had been given to her, she would have chosen to stay." The king's voice was soft and gentle. He wanted his son to know that he hadn't been abandoned by his mother because she didn't love him or want to be with him. Wiping his nose on his sleeve, something both of his parents would normally correct him for doing but was ignored now, Legolas asked, "Who made her go away?" Legolas had always been a curious child, asking anyone and everyone for answers to his questions. His confusion made that trait even more acute now. The older elf was prepared to explain whatever it was his son needed to know to help him accept the recent tragic events. "You know that there are bad things in the forest. We have explained that to you before." "The spiders and the orcs and the wargs," Legolas said with a disgusted look on his face. A shudder ran through the small body. "Yes, and unfortunately, sometimes those bad things do evil to those we love, and they must leave us to heal, even when they do not wish to go. "Your brothers and the other warriors of the realm fight these bad things, but there are times the bad things hurt us." Almost to himself, he uttered, "By the Valar, it will not always be so." The young elfling let those thoughts settle in his mind before asking, "Will we ever see Nana again?" "I believe that we will." It was what he had always been told, and Thranduil clung to that idea as fiercely as he ever had before. "Is that what she is waiting for?" There was a note of hope in the elfling's voice. He was trying desperately to connect his mother's absence with the waiting part and then seeing her again. Thranduil knew he had to be careful how he answered that question. His son was adventuresome and might well go off to look for the Halls to try and find his mother, thus endangering himself. If he lost this child, as well... With another sigh, the king grasped one of Legolas's hands in both of his large, strong ones. "She will come to us when the time is right." Latching on to the first part of the sentence, Legolas smiled. "She will come soon?" It was as much a declaration of fact as a question. Thranduil cringed. He had to answer quickly before Legolas became so excited he didn't listen to anything else he was told. "No, Legolas. It will not be soon. You must be patient, ion nin." The brief joy that the king had seen in his son's eyes had now dimmed and turned to sadness once again. The small lips were trying hard not to quiver. As he watched his tormented son, whose heart should have been filled with light and boundless joy, Thranduil formed an idea. He didn't know if it would work, but if it would ease his child's aching heart, it was certainly worth a try. "Legolas, you know how much your nana loved this garden and how much time she spent here among the flowers, and the trees." The elfling, with lowered head, nodded. He knew how much his nana loved this place. She used to tell him that she came here to help the garden grow. He remembered the times he had come with her, and she had taught him not only about the plants but the small creatures that called the garden their home. "Did you know that your nana was going to plant a new tree right here near where we are sitting?" Legolas looked up into his father's face. "She was?" Then a look of wonder came to the young face. "But, Ada, trees are so big. How could she do that?" He had never thought about the fact that people could actually plant a tree. Thranduil couldn't help but smile at the innocence of a small child, even one as precocious as Legolas. He nodded. "Trees start out just like elves. They are very small and grow larger as they get older." He started to say that he had been Legolas's size once but decided not to add that bit of information to the elfling's knowledge just yet. He knew it would lead to a whole new set of questions. Time enough for that conversation at a much later date. "The tree your nana was going to plant is an elm tree and right now it is only a little taller than you are." This piece of news amazed the elfling. "Really?" "Yes, it is this high." The king held his left hand a bit more than three feet above the ground. "Now it needs someone else to plant it, so it can grow big and strong. "If you would like, I will help you to plant it, and you can take care of it the way your nana would have. Then the two of you can grow up together." Thranduil's heart clenched, as he said that last sentence. It was exactly what his wife had said when she told him that was what she intended. Only she had planned to be a witness to that growth. Now... Again the king pushed his pain aside. Legolas needed him, and he needed his youngest son. He looked down at the bright eyes that were staring up at him in anticipation. "Can we plant it now, Ada? Can we?" "Yes, Legolas. Now would be the perfect time." x x x x x Later that day, both king and prince stood up from their knees. Both elves were covered in fresh dirt and water stains. Next to them lay a shovel, a large bucket and a small, child-sized spade. Legolas had been given the choice of where to put the tree, and he had chosen the very spot his mother had had in mind. It was no more than five feet from the bench Legolas and Thranduil had sat on earlier. Father and son looked at the sapling with a deep sense of satisfaction. "We did good, Ada. Nana would like it," Legolas declared, certain of what he was saying. "Indeed she would. Your nana would be proud of you, ion nin, as am I." "How long will it take to get big like the other trees? I want to climb it before I get old like you." For the first time since his wife had died, Thranduil laughed heartily, a genuine feeling of joy inching its way into his broken heart. "I will have you know, dear child, that I am still perfectly capable of climbing a tree." He glanced down at Legolas with his left eyebrow raised. "As for this one, it will take a few years." Legolas frowned, as if trying to figure it out. "Is that a very long time?" "Not for elves," his father reassured. "Time will pass quickly." Picking up the bucket and the digging implements in one hand, Thranduil held out his free hand toward Legolas. Before taking his father's offered hand, Legolas leaned over and tenderly patted the sapling. "Nana's Tree," he whispered. "I will see you again tomorrow." Then father and son headed toward the elven palace, their hearts just the tiniest bit lighter. TA 2356 The sadness that gripped the Silvan elves after the queen's death ran deep and would always be held in the hearts of those that loved the queen. But, because they knew she would not wish for grief to rule their lives, the elves of the Woodland Realm carried on. It sometimes took a conscious effort to move on with normal life, but, with time, they looked to the future. Legolas was still very young, but he had felt the loss keenly. It was hard growing up without a mother. His older siblings had at least been able to spend many years with her. He was well aware that he was loved and supported by all of his family, yet no one could take his mother's place. Even though he had been very small, he remembered the times she had eased his fears, tended his scrapes, happily answered his endless questions and sung him to sleep. The intervening years had not dimmed those memories. Now Nana's Tree was showing all the signs that it would not be too many more years before it grew into a sturdy and stately representative of its kind. Already its branches stretched out over the bench near it. On this day, Legolas walked out into the sunlit garden and headed straight for Nana's Tree, as he so often did. It was the twelfth anniversary of his mother's death, and he always spent this day here where he felt most connected to her. Their spirits were linked, as all elven mother's were