A Quick Note From The Author: Hello everyone! Thank you all so much for clicking! It really does mean a lot to me. As always, I don't own THG. I sure wish I did, because that would be epic. But, I don't. They belong to the lovely Suzanne Collins. Okay, now that I've gotten that little bit of obvious information out of the way. I'd like to say another little sort of "Disclaimer". If you can call it that. It has been awhile since I've read The Hunger Games trilogy. I've been reviewing the books, and re-reading parts of them in preparation of this story. However I am still human, and it is possible that I might accidentally get something wrong on occasion. If I do get something wrong, then I apologize, and I can assure that it was purely on accident. However, since this story is a fanfiction. I did add a few things of my own, into this story. I'll try to point them out to you, when I remember too, but I most likely will not. So, please be wary of that, before you automatically assume that I got some aspect of The Hunger Games series wrong. Thank you. The Full Summary: Katniss didn't kill President Coin. Instead, President Coin went on, and continued to rule Panem. She designed Panem's new Government, so that the districts were in charge of everything. The Capitol was re-named: "Capitol City". The old citizens of the capitol, and their descendants live there. It is in this city, that every year the new reapings take place. You see, Katniss and the other victors decided not to abolish the Hunger Games altogether. After the seventy-sixth Hunger Games, which was supposed to be the last of the games. The citizens of Panem still felt as if the old capitol citizens hadn't been punished enough. So, they went on with having the Hunger Games every year. Every Games season, twenty-four descendants of capitol citizens are reaped. The kids are reaped over a span of twelve days, and how many times their name is in the reaping bowl, depends on many factors. Despite the fact that the people of the districts are living happy lives. Katniss, Peeta, Effie, and several other are beginning to see that Panem is relapsing back into what life was like before the second rebellion. The districts are treating Capitol City, just like how the Capitol used to treat them. Katniss tries to propose a way to end the Hunger Games, but she isn't sure how to go about this without damaging Panem. However, when the unspeakable happens to Peeta. A new spark is ignited within the Mockingjay. A spark for revenge. Meanwhile, in the arena. One of the tribute's token is a journal. Attached to it, by means of a small leather cord, is a pen. This tribute begins to write down the many things that happen to her while in the arena. After her death, her journal is found by many other tributes, who begin to write in it too. This story is told in first person by the tributes, and by some of the characters from the original HG series. It is also occasionally told in third person, and in a few letters/journal entries. I fail at writing summaries. xD But, that's kind of a full summary. c: Anyway, that's all I can think of to say at the moment. Anyway, thanks again for clicking, and thank you for reading! Can you even hear me? Prologue: Part One Kallista Hollis: Dear Miss Katniss Everdeen: Introduction The Government Of Panem, Storage Files. Category: The Hunger Games Games Number: 102nd Current President At The Time Of The Games: President Alma Coin Head Of Games: Katniss Everdeen Tribute: Kallista Bailey Hollis, aged 15 Warning: The file is open to GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL ONLY. Any unauthorized persons caught with this file will be PROSECUTED. Translator's Note: This journal was the token of one of the fifteen-year-old tributes, who died in the 102nd Hunger Games. Due to one of the new rules, after the second rebellion, following President Coin, becoming president of Panem. It was decided that children from the Capitol would be reaped, for the Hunger Games, and that the tradition of the games would continue. Kallista acquired this journal from her English teacher at school, during visiting hours, the day she was reaped. She was able to keep the Journal with her, throughout the games. Until her death. After her death, Kallista's journal was discovered by several other tributes, who continued writing in it. Due to the rough environment of the arena, many words, and pages in Kallista's journal have become unreadable. However, with the help of District thirteen (The new capital city of Panem), these pages have been translated, to what it is estimated Kallista had originally written in her journal The first entry is a so rt of introduction. Kallista left the first page of her Journal blank when she received it. Her first actual entry, is on the next page. The entry on the first page- this is a historian's estimate-was written sometime when Kallista was in the arena- most likely hiding out. It serves as an introduction to the book. It should also be noted that this was not only just a journal, but the book also contained several letters that Kallista wrote, primarily addressed to Katniss Everdeen. Letters, that Kallista expresses frequently, that she never planned on sending. But did hope that Katniss may "Get her hands on", and read some day. Kallista's journal is still both a mysterious, and fascinating artifact for historians today to analyze. Without further ado, if you open the manila folder underneath this note, you will find the journal of Kallista Hollis. Deceased tribute, in the 102nd Hunger Games. This Journal Belongs to: Kallista H. If Found Please Return To: My house, idiot. Dear Miss Katniss Everdeen, I know, that you will never, ever read this. In fact, I find it highly unlikely that you will even remember my name, a few days from now. That is, if you even know my name at all, right now. You've been at the top of the chain of command, in making so many Hunger games, happen by now. That, I sometimes wonder, weather or not you even remember any tributes names. Not that they matter, really. We're usually all dead, within a matter of weeks. One sole animal emerges from the arena, drenched upon his hands is the blood of twenty-three other children. Who will never, ever once be remembered again, as anything else other than "That one tribute who was stabbed in the throat.". I know, that I probably only have a matter of days. I wouldn't even be surprised, if I had hours, or minutes, even mere seconds left. Who knows, someone could be hiding behind a bush right now, just ready to jump out at me, and take me out of this arena, and out of these games. But, I know, that I don't have all that much longer. I've surprised myself, really. I think I've surprised a good amount of people, actually. For lasting this long. And, I know that it's only because I've been getting lucky. I mean, I didn't intentionally try to earn a "one" for my training score! it just sort of happened. I'm really not all that good, at this whole "Surviving" thing. I haven't eaten in days. The only water I got was from a water bottle, somebody dropped while running, that I- once again, by luck- found. But eventually, even I know, that my luck will run out. Sometime soon, I'll run into that dreadful moment, when I have a choice; Kill, or be killed. And, though I know which direction points towards survival, and which direction points towards death. I don't know if I can make the right decision. Interpret that, as you please. Because, not even I know what I mean by that. The truth is Katniss, I am scared. I'm scared every day. Because, what if today is my last day on this earth? What if, I never get to see my family, and friends again? What will happen to them, if I die here- on national TV- for them to see? If given the choice of survival, or taking someone else's life, would I pick my own over there's? Could I pick my own, above there's? And, if I do end up taking someone's life, how can I deal with the guilt? How can I live with myself, knowing that I, Kallista Bailey Hollis, killed somebody. Somebody just as innocent as I am. And Katniss, I'm so sorry for flashing all those rhetorical questions by you. But, for a minute, I just thought that you might understand. But, of course, how foolish I was to think so. How dumb has this arena made me? I've at last dropped low enough, to resort to asking the only female victor of district twelve- who was in the Hunger games twice! If she understands, what I am going through in this arena? Wow, I really must be going mad, aren't I? The truth is Katniss, I just want to tell you something. Weather this book ends up your hands, or anybody else's hands. In fact, I don't even care who's hands these little pieces of tear-soaked, blood-covered parchment lie in, anymore. I just want someone, somewhere, somehow to read this. And when they read this, I want them to know, only one thing. That I, Kallista Bailey Hollis. Was not just some pawn in their games. And that is because, I have a voice! I have pen, and paper. And you know what they say, Katniss? They say that the pen is mightier than the sword! And even if repeating that single mantra over, and over to myself, does not boost my confidence about being in the arena. Because, some days, I find it difficult to believe in such a phrase, while- literally- fighting for my life in this sheer little piece of space they call "The Hunger Games". But, then again Katniss- just please keep reading. Because, I have some important words to say to you. Just let me tell you this: I have a pen, and a blank notebook. I have already recorded my entire journey up to this point. And I will continue to record it, should I keep on living. Miss Katniss Everdeen, should you ever lay your hands on this book, I want you to listen to me right now. My name is Kallista Bailey Hollis. I only recently turned fifteen-years-old, not that long ago. I'm pretty much average on the looks scale- not ugly at all, but I'm not any sort of breath-taking-ly beautiful model. I love reading, and writing. I have a little brother back home, who's would've only turned twelve recently. I live with both my parents. And I have a pet dog. She's a cocker spaniel, the name on her collar says "Honey". But, in all honestly, she doesn't respond to that name. She only responds to the name Bob. I'm sure you don't care about my dog, who is informally named Bob. I bet you even care less about my family life, and the least of all, about my looks. I am only confessing this information to you, because I want you to know something. I am a one-hundred-percent-real human being. I have feelings, I had hopes, and I had dreams. Notice my use of the word "had". As in I HAD dreams. Yes Katniss, I did have dreams before being forced into this arena. I'm a young, stupid, restless teenaged girl! There were things that I wanted to do with my life. And now, they've all come to an abrupt halt, because I've been forced, to carry out the dirty work of some unfair game. The unfair game, that I have been forced into, to pay for my ancestor's mistakes. I am not