Hellooooooooo Fanfiction! It's been awhile, mostly because I've had zero motivation to write anything. But then I re-read the Percy Jackson series and BOOM suddenly I want to write all about Percy and (my OC) his twin sister Attie and the adventures they have. So, let me clear some things up first: If you want to know more about Attie, before I write all about her in these stories, visit my bio. She's the first thing you see. Attie isn't a Mary Sue. I do plan on writing the entire series over with Attie added in the mix. Will it take a long time? Yes. Will I update regularly? I wish, but no. Sorry in advance, but reviews always get my motivation going. And they make me happy. There will be a few things that Attie thinks that is similar to what Percy thinks in 'The Lightning Thief', but that's completely normal because they're twins. There's another story out there where 'Percy-has-a-twin-let's-rewrite-the-series-with-her-in-it' but Attie is different than Leila. I loved author writer Sincerely Kimby's stories so much, but I am not copying her. I read her stories and am trying to make a lot of things different so it's not like I stole her story, you know? I have had this idea way before I read her stories, so please keep that in mind. Thanks so much for clicking on this story. I hope you fall in love with Attie like I have. Now, please enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own anything Percy Jackson. That all belongs to Rick Riordan (my childhood). The only thing I own are my OC's which will (mostly) include Attie Jackson and Jamie Cray. Chapter one: We Accidently Vaporize Our Pre Algebra Teacher What's my brother gone and told you this time? Don't you act all innocent. He was giving you advice wasn't he? Rule number one: don't listen to Percy's advice. Actually, scratch that- don't listen to Percy. I'm about to tell you a story that's absolutely true. Don't believe me? Fine, whatever. I already went down that road and, honestly, it didn't work too well for me. I'm just going to put this in the simplest way I can: you already opened this book and sealed your fate. Now they know where you are and it's only a matter of time before they come. Your peaceful life is over, sorry. Now, welcome to my world. What is my world? you might ask. Well where's the fun in just telling you, huh? Nah, I'm just going to start the story of my life now. Introductions should be made, I assume. My name is Attie Jackson and I have a twin brother Percy Jackson. Our story starts on an average school day last May. We were going on a field trip to Manhattan, twenty eight problemed children all packed on a small bus with only two teacher chaperons looking out for us. Were Percy and I problemed children? Oh yeah. The field trip was the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. You know, really old uncovered statues and paintings. The boarding school where we were shipped off to was called Yancy. I remember my first thought when I heard the name: Isn't that a fish ? This was our sixth school in six years, so my brother and I made a pact before the field trip began: Be on our best behavior. I didn't think it would be hard. Our favorite teacher, Mr. Brunner, was going to be one of the chaperones so it shouldn't be all bad. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair that taught Latin in our school. His hair was dark gray and thinning and he had a curly beard that hung about two inches off his face. He always seemed to wear this tweed jacket and if you got close enough he smelt like coffee. His eyes were the color of ground up coffee beans and seemed to hold more knowledge than a regular guy his age. So, yeah, we had to be good. With Mr. Brunner there I knew my brother and I would try our hardest. I had pretty high hopes for this trip. Too bad we pretty much have the worst luck ever . See, bad things happen to us on field trips. I can't really explain it, but it's like the universe always seems to go out of its way and make Percy and I look bad. This one time in fifth grade, we were at a field trip to Saratoga battlefield. I accidently pressed too hard on the long tube part of a cannon (there was a sign that specifically said not to touch it, but rules were meant to be broken) and it somehow aimed at our parked school bus. That wouldn't have been a problem but somehow Percy managed to get the thing to fire. Who knew it was loaded? And a year before that, in fourth grade, our class had taken a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool. We were on a catwalk, right above one of the tanks, and, well, the button was just so shiny Percy had to push it. Our class got dunked in the water and I thought what they hay? and push my brother and myself in as well. Get the picture? Percy and I came up with a genius plan to keep away from trouble: Don't touch anything, don't look at anything, and don't even think about anything. It was easier said than done. The trip started bad on the bus ride there. The school bully, Nancy Bobofit, the girl who just seemed to make it her goal to make our lives miserable, was throwing pieces of her peanut butter and ketchup sandwich into our friend Grover Underwood's hair. I… don't even know what peanut butter and ketchup sandwiches taste like, and I'm not going to try them anytime soon. "I'm going to kill her," Percy mumbled. He was really protective of Grover especially since the kid was an easy target. He was short, skinny, had loads of acne, and to top it all off, was crippled. I'm pretty sure he has some muscular disease that made it so every step hurt him. Yet he could run like no one's business when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria. The kid loved to eat. The three of us going against each other in an eating contest was certainly a sight to behold. I sat across from them, hogging a three seater all to myself. The bus was big enough so it didn't really matter. My back was pressed against the window, my legs stretched out in front of me. I was the picture of comfortable. "Awe, come on Perce," Grover said. "I like peanut butter." "We all know that you don't like wearing it," I pointed out. He turned towards me and rose an eyebrow. "Are you with me or against me?" "Oh, no I'm totally with you," I stated, sitting up a little straighter and looking at my brother. "We're on probation, remember? Think about mom." That got his attention. Percy deflated in his seat and mumbled, "It's not like you don't want to beat her up." "Self-control," I stated, laughing a little. "We can't get in trouble already ." Another piece of the sandwich landed in Grover's hair. My fists tightened at my sides- geeze couldn't the girl give him a break? I mean, she obviously knew that she was pushing our buttons as well as his. Why did some people go searching for fights? My brother started standing in his seat, fists also clenched at his sides as he growled, "That's it." Ugh, Percy. The boy was extremely protective of his friends, which, admittedly, hasn't been a lot over the years, and one day that protectiveness was going to get him hurt. I quickly shuffled over so I sat at the aisle seat and reached over and grabbed Percy's wrist. He looked at me with a small amount of anger in his eyes. "No," I snapped and tugged his wrist down. He grudgingly placed his butt back on the seat. Grover shot me a look of thanks. Not many people could control my brother, sometimes even I couldn't, but hey, being a twin does have its special perks. So we arrived at the Museum with no deaths, though I did catch Mrs. Dodds turning around in her seat and giving us the stink eye. I honestly didn't know what her problem is. Ever since day one Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy like she was her own child while she looked at Percy and I like we were little demons. She was this little lady who looked to be in her late fifties and mean enough to run you over with her car. She always seemed to be scowling and so far I hadn't seen her smile. She had this distinct accent that I couldn't quite place. Mrs. Dodds always wore a black leather jacket over her shirt, like she was in some kind of biker gang. Mr. Brunner stayed in the front of the group, rolling around in his wheelchair and giving detailed descriptions of almost everything we passed. It was pretty cool that the statues survived thousands of years, but I mean, you've seen one and you've seen 'em all. I stayed pretty close to Percy and Grover, but my mind wondered to a bunch of different things. I blame my ADHD. I only came back to earth when I heard Percy almost shouting, "Will you just shut up?" I jumped slightly with his voice close to my ear and winced when I realized that the entire museum literally silenced. Great. "Do you have something to share with the class, Mr. Jackson?" Mr. Brunner asked. I wondered if he was really mad- Mr. Brunner was usually a calm guy, even when facing Nancy. My brother's face was tomato red as he replied, "No, sir." "Ah, well, then I suppose you can tell me what this is?" Mr. Brunner gestured behind him at the painting he was obviously explaining a second ago. I glanced at the picture and smiled a little. Percy totally knew this, "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" I nodded slightly, the story coming to me. Mr. Brunner obviously wasn't satisfied, "And he did this because…?" "Well..." Percy paused, trying to remember the story, "Kronos was the king god, and—" "God?" Mr. Brunner questioned. Titan , I thought. "Titan," He corrected himself quickly. "And ... he didn't trust his kids, who were the gods. So, um, Kronos ate them, right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. And later, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters—" "Eeew!" one of the girls in the group said. I rolled my eyes. It was just a myth- it didn't even happen. "—and so there was this big fight between the gods and the Titans," Percy continued, "and the gods won." I heard some people snickering, which made me shake my head. Some people were so immature. I, personally, was pretty proud that Percy remembered the story. See, my brother wasn't the best at memorizing facts or dates in history. It's not like I should be talking, though I was just a tad better than he was. Behind us, Nancy Bobofit mumbled to a friend, "Like we're going to use this in real life. Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.'" Not at her job , I thought with a smirk. She'd be asked 'Can you say "Would you like fries with that?"' "And why, Mr. Jackson," Brunner said, "to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" I snorted, but covered it up with a cough, "Busted." Grover and I said at the same time.