1. the beginning is the end Harry, Harry. The world is barren and cold. He is dreaming; sleep comes to him with a cooing voice, softly caressing his mind and offering him comfort he does not feel in his waking hours. Someone speaks. It is a familiar voice that whispers to him, his name, Harry Potter, and he only sees blackness. There is nothing and he is stumbling. But the name beckons at him. The dreams begin thus. Harry. A soft, melodic voice that lures him to walk forth his wand out and heart thudding. For he knows this voice, knows the mockery that is hidden inside those words… He opens his eyes and his vision becomes blurred. And in his dreams, for in his dreams is the world a cold, flat wasteland, a pallid shade of greyness surrounds him. And in his dreams, only in his dreams, Tom Riddle awaits him. Tom Marvolo Riddle, with his handsome face and shining dark eyes. Ever the patient boy the future Dark Lord is, for he does not move as Harry approaches him. How still the young Riddle stands, as he refuses to move, save for a brief twitch of his lips, even as Harry comes to him with his echoing footsteps, wand already drawn and pointed. Riddle dismisses his wary gesture with a cruel smirk, his eyes alit and dancing. Tom, who is handsome in his young years, Tom who is still human enough to show human glee. Yet it is a Tom Riddle whose eyes turn a strange tint of hue when he smiles. He looks at Harry hungrily. Waiting. "Harry Potter," he says, his voice frightfully light, as he looks back and forth at Harry's face and his wand, his mocking gaze polished anew as the silence draws on, "Have you come to kill me?" Around them, the walls are drab and there is nothing around them. Greyness surrounds them. He is trapped in a void—they are within nothingness. Perfect for a duel, perfect for blood to splatter upon these walls. Harry draws in a sharp breath; I have killed you, many times , he would have liked to say . I have hunted and destroyed your Horocuxes, I have died at your wandpoint and still came back alive; you could not have killed me when I was a child and you cannot kill me now . But the words die at his throat, because the Riddle standing here must know all this, and perhaps more—and yet. He is still here, young and dashing and dangerous, looking at Harry as if he is nothing more than an amusing pet. When Harry does not answer immediately, Riddle merely cocks his head and smirks, inviting him with his pliant gesture, and all Harry can do is stare helplessly. Why are you inside my head , he thinks, almost hysterical. Riddle is always the one to break this uneasy silence, with a sigh and a wave of his hand; Harry flinches, and Riddle pretends not to notice. "Well, if you haven't come to finish me off," he speaks, with some bite to his otherwise friendly words, "Perhaps we can have some tea. What do you say." On cue, a kettle and a cup pop up out of nowhere. Riddle conjures up two armchairs and a small coffee table. Harry makes his way unsteadily towards where Riddle in easing himself in one of the chairs. Harry waits, standing, until Riddle raises an eyebrow mockingly. Well , his look seems to say, sit down, what are you waiting for. Harry wets his lips and tries to say something devastatingly sharp, something wild, to throw Riddle off. Perhaps then Harry will wake up from this strange nightmare. "Why are you here?" he finally settles out, and he is angry to find how his voice sounds weak. He steers forth. "You're dead. You've been dead for ten years." Riddle never answers to Harry's questions. Riddle only waits for him to exhaust himself. On better days Harry would shout and brandish his wand, and Riddle would watch this with a frown because Harry never truly does lash out; with this young Riddle, his magic becomes null and he cannot kill like a wizard. Harry sits down and glares at the older boy sullenly. Riddle sighs. "I'll be mother then, shall I?" he says, and with another wave, the kettle brews, the tea is steeped, and in no time at all, a steaming cup of tea floats towards him. Is it poisoned, Harry thinks, is it safe, there should be something in the tea, shouldn't there. Aloud, he speaks with a false sense of calm he does not feel. "I didn't know that Dark Lords had time to play houseguests." Riddle's eyebrows twitch, but his voice is deceptively pleasant as he replies, "But we're in your head, aren't we? It's the least I can do to make this place a bit more…hospitable." He says the last words with a slight sneer. Harry watches how Riddle holds himself. He sits like an old aristocrat, with his thin fingers delicately resting on the armrest and a leg casually crossing over another. It reminds him of yet another bratty, spoiled child, and he tries to speak the name. Something stops him. "What is it about powerful wizards hanging inside my head," Harry mutters instead. Riddle tilts his head and looks at him, traces of his amusement replaced with sudden sincerity. "Do you think I'm powerful, Harry?" he inquires. Harry snorts before he can help it. "You are the greatest Dark Lord that's been around my generation, Riddle ," he says, carefully placing emphasis on the surname. Voldemort in his time had used deceptively fond mockery to fool him; Harry has not forgotten that. He holds his wand loosely just in case, for old habits die hard, and Riddle studies how stiff he is. There is a trace of irritation etched in those fair brows. "But you defeated me," Riddle points out. "And you're still here," Harry replies, terse. He pointedly does not drink his tea before Riddle does, and Riddle sighs as if he knows what Harry is thinking, his sip singular and loud. The sound echoes in the hollow room. "I'm here because you want me to be, Potter," Riddle says, now with all pleasantries gone. "It's your head and hence, your rules. Really now, you're such a child in some ways after all these years." "Why would I want you here?" Harry demands. He still has not touched his cup. "I've had enough of you inside my head to last me a lifetime, thanks ever so." " I wouldn't know," Riddle says, and this conversation seems to bore him now, the way his eyes flit over to the rest of the room. Harry does not know what he finds more infuriating, Riddle with his eyes studying him with hunger, or that dismissive gaze that leaves him cold. "I wouldn't have let us meet in such a dismal room, for one." "You'd rather we meet in a basilisk's chamber instead?" Harry snaps, but Riddle seems unfazed, even giving him a sharp grin in reply. "Yes," Riddle says, "Or perhaps a graveyard. Mayhap even a forest." And Riddle laughs, the high, cold sound vibrating around the four walls. Such a familiar sound , Harry thinks. His hands shake and his head hurts. Too often he had banished thoughts of Lord Voldemort and the last days of the battle over the years, letting it fester in an ugly corner inside his head. He does not permit himself to dream of his own death: the flash of the green light sweeping under his feet, the cold dirt pressing on his cheek, the horrified shouts of his friends at his body. Too often he had denied those days, the past long gone and buried, but he had never quite managed to forget the sound of his nemesis's glee. He listens to it now, wondering when he would wake, if he should ever wake up. "Not very funny to you, it would seem," Riddle observes, when Harry fails to react. The walls continue to shake. "No," Harry returns flatly, "No, not particularly." He sets the tea back into the saucer and wills himself. Wake up. He wakes. . . . "Your house is always so ghastly, Potter. Does your house elf never clean up after your mess?" Malfoy greets him with a sneer, making sure to thump his wet boots in the doorway. Harry watches on, impassive. In the daylight, there exists no evil maniac to kill him at every turn; there is no young man to offer him tea and false pleasantries. Awake, there is only his old, tattered house that his dead godfather left behind and Malfoy, if he can ever be called something constant, to barge in his parlor and act as if he owned the entirety of Grimmuald Place. Malfoy makes sure to look around the house with utter disdain, even if Kreacher always makes sure to clean the hallways and the dining area, where Malfoy spends most of his time glaring at the walls while hurling innocuous insults at Harry. They would have fazed Harry once. Now, he only gives a small shrug and returns back to his tepid and safe tea. He does not bother much with Malfoy these days, nor anyone. He sits and broods alone, waiting for the sun to set. Malfoy huffs and takes a seat across Harry, snapping his finger impatiently for Kreacher to appear with another cup. The kettle and the cups pop a second later, and Malfoy takes great time to prepare his cup, muttering darkly all the while. For someone who is on house arrest, Malfoy has never been subdued in Harry's presence. If anything, Malfoy is a continuous sore in his life, sniping and hurling old insults that take Harry back to the better days of his school years, when all he had to worry about was Malfoy and his dirty tricks. There are days when he would sit by Malfoy's forced presence, letting hurtful words roll off him like a soothing balm, allowing him to pretend everything was childish and golden. Then there are days when…well, there are other days. "Potter? Have you gone deaf?" Malfoy is such a child whenever Harry sees him, always bitter and raging about the smallest things. His eyes are narrowly focused on Harry, his lips thinned in annoyance. You would be too, if both your parents are in Azkaban and you're also waiting for a trial that may damn you or set you free out in the cold, hostile world. An amused voice slithers out, sounding surprisingly like the Riddle in his dreams. Harry responds to it without giving it too much thought. Funny, you would think think I'd be a roaring madman by now, seeing how my parents are both dead. You don't count , the Riddle-voice points out patiently. You never knew your parents. And whose fault is that? Oh, another madman's, I daresay . Riddle's voice is unrepentant. You seem to have quite a few of them scattered about. "Potter!" With a sigh, Harry slides the pot that holds condensed cream towards the blond boy, who snatches it up with a pronounced sneer. He pours a small dollop to drop into the steaming cup and Harry watches on, holding imagined conversations with a ghost he cannot seem to vanquish. "There's nothing overtly fascinating about my cup of tea, Potty," Malfoy says, his hand busily stirring, "Or do you have something inventive to say to help us pass the time?" Harry gives a little jerk of his head. "There's the library down the hallways, why don't you get lost there," he says tiredly. His voice, when it speaks in the morning light, comes out in a small rasp. Malfoy follows the way his fingers reach out and curl around the base of his throat, and Harry massages his neck under a pair