A/N Disclaimer: It's all Mr. JRR Tolkien's; you didn't need me to tell you that now did you? " When the feast was over, those who were to go took leave of King Éomer. Aragorn and his knights, and the people of Lórien and of Rivendell, made ready to ride; but Faramir and Imrahil remained at Edoras; and Arwen Evenstar remained also. None saw her last meeting with Elrond her father, for they went up into the hills and there spoke long together, and bitter was their parting that should endure beyond the ends of the world…" – The Return of the King, Chapter VI, 'Many Partings', pg 955/956. Eternal Farewell: The company that had made their way to Edoras for the burial of Théoden King walked out of the dining-hall where the Feast had been held in small groups, splitting up when they reached the main room of the King's – now Éomer – House. Some went straight to the chambers prepared for them to get what rest they could before they resumed with their journeys back home, whereas others preferred to delight themselves with staying outdoors and visiting the renowned stables. Celeborn, Lord of Lóthlorien, walked outside with his fair wife, choosing not to visit the stables; partly due a small wave of depression that spread through his heart, and partly due to the fact that the stables were crowded anyway. Once they were a safe distance from their companions, they stopped, reveling in each other's companionship, and the view they received from the small mound of raised ground they were standing on. "You are troubled…" said Galadriél, speaking first. She did not need to look at her husband to see this. Celeborn said nothing for a moment or two, as the depression continued to spread. "Aye," he said, at last, "For I dread what is to take place after we leave Edoras." He felt Galadriél's arm on his, and managed a small smile. "But that is just an old Elf's sentimentality kicking in. Please, feel free to ignore me." Galadriél managed a faint smile in return. "Just an old Elf?" she echoed, "'My Lord, you are ancient." The silver-haired Elf chuckled at his wife's teasing. He had known that he could always rely on her to bring him out of his black-moods. The smile on his face disappeared as a thought struck him; she would not be around to do that for long. "Celeborn, you knew what would come to pass, and you cannot deny that," said Galadriél, gently. Nenya, the ring of Mithril, was not functioning any longer, but she did not need it to read her husband's mind. "Even though I thought of Middle-Earth as my home, 'tis not true; I long for the Blessed Realm…and for my family there…" Celeborn nodded, although he took some time. "I know…" he whispered, feeling a pang of sadness. "But…my days here will be empty…" He felt her squeeze his hand. "As will be mine , in Valinor," said Galadriél, softly. The two stared out at the people scurrying around below them; they were residents of Edoras bearing food supplies for those of the guests who would be leaving. As they watched them, two figures suddenly caught their keen Elven eyes, as they made their way out of the King's House. They immediately recognized the two dark-haired Elves…alike in many ways, and so unlike each other in others. "The bitterness will over-power him some day…" commented Celeborn, as he watched the two figures make their way down a road to the left of the King's House – a road that led to the green hills that seemingly surrounded the outskirts of Edoras. Galadriél simply watched the two figures leave, sadness etched onto her fair Elven face. "Aye…" she said. "For he has suffered more; 'tis hard to lose your own daughter to the same choice that you lost your brother…" "But did we not foresee this event taking place?" asked Celeborn. Galadriél nodded. "But that does not make it any easier for him, or for her," she said. "For she loves her father dearly…just as much as he loves her." The two Elves stood, facing each other, for a long moment, neither of them saying a word. The brightness of the day, as seen earlier in the morning, seemed to have vanished, giving the late afternoon an atmosphere of gloom with grey skies and dark clouds. A gust of wind blew around the clearing, and the shortest of the pair shivered slightly, being forced to wrap her arms around herself despite the long-sleeved dress that she was wearing. Yet, her companion did nothing. He simply stood before her, averting his gaze to the landscape around them. She tried to quell the anxious feeling that was making itself known in her heart once more. She had done her best to quell the feeling before, busying herself with things that needed to be done in Minas Tirith, and with preparations for the Hobbits, and the feeling had been subdued, but now…it was coming back in full force. Wrapping her arms tighter around her, she crossed over to one of the three fallen trees that were in a particularly gloomy corner of the clearing, and after a brief inspection, sat down on it, bringing her knees to her chest. "…We will all be leaving Edoras in a short while…" She looked up at the Elf as he spoke; surprised to find that she couldn't quite read what she saw in his grey eyes. She bit down on her lower lip, unwilling to let that realization shock her to the core of her heart. "Not Faramir or Imrahil…" was her soft comment. "It is with them that I shall…return to Minas Tirith…" This time, the silence was not given a chance to surround them as she continued speaking. "I may remain here in Edoras for a while…if King Éomer and Lady Éowyn would not mind my stay." Her companion looked at her, his gaze unreadable. "For the White City will be lonely…at least, for me." A few brisk yet graceful strides later, and the dark-haired Elf was standing before her. "It shall not be for long," he said, automatically injecting a comforting note into his voice – although the note was softer than it usually would have been. "Your husband shall return to Minas Tirith, and you will be able to start, that is to really start, the life the two of you have longed for." "'Tis strange…" started the female, "For it is only afterwards …after all the…choices are made, that you begin to fully understand your decision and the consequences it will bring…" "You say this now, but I do not think that you have fully understood the consequences of your choice," said the taller Elf. "Nay, you will not realize this until your loved one passes away, as all mortals are bound to, and when you are left to wander across this dying land until the day of your passing comes…" He saw the way his companion's face paled, and admonished himself for being harsh. "I told you of this, Undómiel, when I heard of your choice. Do not be surprised now ." When she looked up at him, his breath caught as he took in the sorrow that shone dully in her grey eyes. "Ada, please, do not hold a grudge against Estel…for I made the choice, not at his bidding but out of my own will. I beg of you, do not harbor any ill feeling towards him." Elrond stared at his daughter for a moment or two before shaking his head. His tone was reproachful as he spoke. "I raised Estel, Undómiel; he is as good as my son as Elladan and Elrohir are. I myself knew that these events would take place in the future…so if I were to harbor any hatred towards him, would I have continued to protect him?" He shook his head again. "He is the descendent of Isildur, Undómiel, and thus of the line of Elros my brother. He is dearer to me in that aspect, than you know." Arwen, openly shivering in the cold now, bowed her head. "Forgive me Ada…I should not have doubted your affection for him," she said. A frown marred the fair face of the grandson of Díor Elúchil as he observed his daughter for a brief moment before unclasping the cloak that he wore on his shoulders. In one fluid motion, he wrapped the dark, earthy coloured cloak around her. Arwen sent him a grateful look. "…Your Elven hardiness to the elements has already fled from your body…" commented Elrond, quietly. Arwen looked down at her cold hands. "Most things Elven in me seem to be fleeing," she said, after a while. "My eyesight is not as keen as it used to be…and my senses seem to have gotten weaker…" Elrond nodded, feeling a pang in his heart as he listened to her. "You are losing everything that mortals do not have…for you are one of them now…" Silence managed to surround them once more, although it was not as uncomfortable as it was before, as father and daughter were lost in their own thoughts. "You will not be alone in the Blessed Realm, Ada," said Arwen, softly, "Naneth will be there to greet you and be by your side…" Elrond said nothing as he thought of his wife, Celebrian, who had sailed to the West millennia ago, after being tortured by Orcs. He did not wish to mention his fears about seeing her again; what if she was not the same person he had known before? What if the time they had spent apart had…changed her? "She will miss your presence," he said, curtly, trying to brush aside his doubts. "She would have liked to see her little girl once more…" Arwen smiled. "And I would have liked to see her ," she said. "But she will be pleased enough to see Elladan and Elrohir…" Her father's silent answer and the shadow that passed swiftly across his face worried her. "…Ada?" Elrond, rather uncharacteristically, let out a heavy sigh. "She will not be seeing your brothers, Undómiel," he said. "They will not set sail when I do; they wish to remain here, in Middle-Earth, for some time." Arwen's grey eyes widened as she stood up hurriedly. No-one had told her about that. "They…they are staying? You are…sure?" Elrond nodded. "But…where will they – they will reign over Imladris?" "Aye, and the remnant of the people who will remain with them," said Elrond, "Until they decide to set sail." The first thought that entered the head of the Queen of Gondor was a happy one; her brothers were not sailing, well, not yet anyway. That meant that she would still have some of her family with her. But the second thought that hit her was sad for this new piece of information meant that her father's departure to the West would be even more bitter, as he would be leaving without any of his children with him. "I…did not know of this…" she said, at last. "It was a sudden decision," replied her father. No-one said anything for some time, although when the silence was broken, it was done by Elrond. "It seems that there is no reason for me to remain any longer in Middle-Earth," he said, his voice low. "For I have, bitterly, lost everything in this land; my parents, my brother, my wife…and now, my three – nay, four – children…" Arwen heard the tremor in her father's usually strong voice and her heart went out to him as her resolve to stay strong broke. "You have not lost them all, Ada. You see your father in the night skies, for that is where Eärendil resides; you have had your brother by your side all this time, for Estel is of his line; your wife awaits you in Valinor…and your children will