A/N This is just something that struck me when I was reading the latter part of ' The Lord of the Rings' and I just had to get it out of the way before it drove me mad. I think I ended up making it much longer than I should have…(and something tells me that I should have been studying for my exams instead of doing this…oops…) Disclaimer: I own nothing. It's all Mr. J.R.R Tolkien's. Of the Doom of Men: The Fourth Age Shire Reckoning, 1541 Astron 1st (March) The Watchers at the gates stood at attention, peering keenly into the distance as they watched the white horse near them. They could not see much, except for the fact that the horse was moving faster than they had ever thought possible. It was only when the horse and its rider were a hundred yards away from them that they realized who it was. "Let me pass," gasped the rider, his usually well-kept golden hair flying around his head, " Please ." The guards, straightening from their reverential bows, nodded. He had not needed to ask it of them; they had known since the day that their King was crowned that this particular individual was to be welcome in the city at any time. "Open the gates!" yelled one of the guards, at the top of his voice. He was met with silence. "Now!" The groaning sounds of the large, rebuilt gates being pulled open filled the air. The guard turned back to the rider. "Would you like to take your horse to the stables, my Lord – " He was forced to jump back as the rider urged his horse to move forward, swiftly. "My Lord! The gates are not fully opened yet!" The rider paid no heed to him as he managed to get his horse to squeeze through the narrow gap in the gates, impatient to wait until the whole thing was opened. He did not glance back at the guards, who were staring open-mouthed at him. The white horse cantered forward, not needing its rider's gentle touches to tell it where to swerve and when to avoid colliding with anyone; he had traveled to the city often, and knew exactly where his rider wanted him to go. It was just as well that the horse seemed to take command, as the fair rider was too caught up in his thoughts to concentrate. The buildings that flashed pass them as they rode on were blurred in his eyes, and he only barely acknowledged the fact that they were reaching the top levels of the city. "My Lord!" The horse paused as its ears picked up the soft voice tinged with surprise. "Prince Legolas...?" The fair-haired Elf started out of his reverie, and looked to his side, to find that he was already more or less at his destination. He immediately got off his faithful horse, and bowed politely at the dark-haired female who had addressed him. "Queen Lóthíriel..." he said, once he had straightened. Even as he stood there politely, his eyes strayed to the palace behind her. She must have sensed his impatience, as she stepped aside. "Forgive me, I do not mean to keep you," she said, making sure that he could not see her sorrowful dark eyes. "I will see to it that your horse is taken care of...please, go on ahead..." "Hannon le," said Legolas, gratefully, as he bowed once more before striding forward. ( Thank you) "Your Highness, he...is not in the Palace anymore..." said Lóthíriel, as she saw him move for the building behind her. Legolas paused and turned to look at her slowly, his face turning a shade paler as he did so. He opened his mouth, a pit of dread opening up inside him, waiting for him to fall in to it. "He is in the House of the Kings..." She squirmed as she saw the despair in the Elf's bright blue eyes, and let out a sigh of relief when he turned around and headed in the opposite direction heading towards the Fen Hollen or the Silent Door, quickening his pace as he went – he did have to go down quite a fair distance, to get to the House of the Kings after all. The despair in the Elf Prince's eyes had reminded her of what she had gone through, fifty seven years ago, when her own husband and the King of Rohan had passed away. There was a small crowd of servants and concerned people standing in the Rath Dínen when the golden-haired Elf reached it, and he was grateful when they stood aside, letting him pass. He had not the strength of heart to ask them if his fears were true; if the King had already passed on. He walked on, for what seemed like an eternity, before finally passing the House of the Stewards and thus reaching his destination. He walked inside, not stopping. The first person he picked out from the small group in front of him, at the very end of the House, was the slim, dark-haired mortal, and his face paled when he saw the items he had with him. The winged crown of Gondor and the scepter of Arnor! Valar, I am too late…he has already gone… " - hear me?" The heir to throne of Gondor and Arnor - or rather, the new King as the items he held suggested, was shaking him gently, causing him to break away from his thoughts. "Eldarion..." he said his voice hoarse, "Is he...?" A small wave of relief surged through him when the young-one shook his head, the serious expression on his face reminding him a lot of his father. "Nay, but 'twill be soon…the time has almost come," he whispered, nodding behind him at the bed that had been specially arranged. "…Go," he said, softly, "He cannot hold on for any longer…" Nodding, and swallowing hard at the same time, the golden-haired Elf moved forward. He recognized the faces of the Lady Éowyn, the Steward Faramir, the Dwarf lord Gimli and covering his view of the figure lying on the bed, the Queen of Gondor. He was allowed to pass as Gimli, Faramir and Éowyn stepped aside to enable him to move closer to the bed. He drew in a breath as his eyes fell on the King; on his best-friend and brother. The dark-haired man's hair had more traces of white than he had seen the last time he had been in his company, and there was an aura of wariness surrounding him as his chest continued to move with his slow breathing. His eyes were closed as though opening them pained them, and one of his hands was clasped in his wife's. "Gwador-nîn…" he whispered, his heart heavy. The King's eyes fluttered open, the grey orbs taking a while to focus and to enable him to recognize who it was who had spoken. "You…are late, Thranduilion…" he said, surprising the Prince with his deathly quiet voice. It was no longer the firm, loud voice that he was used to, although the warmth it had held when they first met was still evident in it. He attempted to smile, and managed a somewhat weak one. "Forgive me...but I was finishing up the remainder of my work in Ithilien...I was due here in the White City in a fortnight, was I not?" The King nodded, remembering. "You will...stay here, in the city, will you not?" he asked, his diminishing eyes scanning the fair Elf's face. "Will you not? There is no need to return to Ithilien...perhaps you can...take care of things here...?" Legolas bowed his head. "Aragorn, you know I cannot do that..." he said his voice as soft as the dying mortal's. "My heart yearns for it stronger now, gwador. I cannot quell my longing for the sea anymore..." "Aye, I had not forgotten that..." said the King, tiredly, "But I wanted to hope..." Legolas managed a slightly stronger smile as he listened to his friend. "Why want to 'hope' when you are 'hope'... Estel ?" he asked, watching as the King smiled warily, remembering their familiar rounds of teasing concerning his Elven name. Those times seemed to have taken place in an entirely different Age, as the two exchanged smiles; one dying and the other beginning to despair. "It is time...I can feel it..." said Aragorn, as he turned his head to look at his grave Queen. "Do not despair, Lady Undómiel, fairest in this world...you do not need to dwell here alone. You have a choice; to go to the Havens and sail away into the West…taking with you only memories of our time together...or to accept the Doom of Men." Her voice was soft and wavered as she tried to control herself. "Nay, dear lord...my choice was already made on the hill of Cerin Amroth. In any case, there is no ship left that will bear me to the West..." "Our friend here plans on doing some ship-building; I am sure he can arrange for one to be made for you..." said the King. The Queen of Gondor turned to the golden-haired Elf for a brief moment, before shaking her head. "I chose the Doom of Men, and I will abide by it. My father was right, I now realize, for the gift of Men is bitter indeed..." she said, tightening her grip on her husband's hand. The King shifted his gaze to rest of the people around him. "My faithful steward...I only have two things to ask you; to aid my son in the same manner you aided me, for I have already spoken to him and handed him the crown and the scepter...and to continue to watch over the fairest of Rohan, your wife..." Faramir bowed his head. "I assure you that I will do as you ask, my King...fear not..." "Lady Éowyn...I pray that you continue to look after yourself. I trust that despair will not overwhelm you once more, with your family by your side..." "I will not let that happen again, my liege-lord and Healer..." said Éowyn, lowering her eyes in sorrow. "Ah, Gimli son of Gloin...dear, dear friend...how I shall miss our days as members of the fellowship..." said Aragorn, squinting at Gimli with a smile on his face, "I am honoured to have fought by your side." Gimli, moving over to the other side of the bed placed a hand on the man's shoulder. "It was a great pleasure to watch your valor in battle, Aragorn," he said, his gruff voice unable to conceal one tremor. "Though I still find it unfair that you were almost as swift on foot as the Elf over there..." "Almost, Gimli, almost ..." said Aragorn, nodding at him, before turning to his other side, "Thranduilion...alas, for this is where our journey and decades-old companionship comes to an end..." He paused, breathing slowly, before allowing something akin to a smirk to form on his face. "Am I seeing things, or is your hair...unkempt?" Legolas' eyes widened slightly, as he automatically raised a hand to smooth his hair down. "I made haste to the city...and was thus riding very fast..." he mumbled. "So it seems that the Greenleaf is not perfect after all. Ah, how ironic that I am informed of having been correct all this time only during my last few moments alive..." said Aragorn, attempting to shake his head but stopping as he found it was difficult. "Aragorn..." The note of despair entered the Elf's voice before he could stop it. "...The Númenoreans have always been granted longer life-spans than others, and you are no different. Why not hold on for a while longer?" Aragorn fixed dimming grey eyes on his friend's blue, reading the desperation in them. "Would you have me live longer without any dignity, and without being able to move on my own accord?" Legolas knew his friend was right, no