CHAPTER 1 First, comes consciousness. My breathing changes, but only slightly. I keep my eyes closed and let my senses come to life one by one. I feel the hard bed underneath me. I feel the coldness of my one room stone house. I hear nothing but stillness around me and a bold chirp or two from outside. I am careful not to move or give away any sign that I am awake. I open my eyes. Not slowly as if I am luxuriously crawling out of bed, but in a quick, green flash. My eyes dart around the room; trained, practiced and keen. I see no sign that anything is amiss. The light in the room is dimmer than dim but my eyes adjust quickly. I breathe an internal sigh of relief and note nothing but the four corners of my room. Well made stone walls, roughened by the years, a hard off-white pallet for my bed, a heavy, wooden door and a window that is really just a hole near the top of one wall, crowded by the stones around it. Through it, I can see the grass outside and the trees in the distance, leaves blowing gently in the moonlight. I allow myself a small smile, confident in my abilities. Today is the day: Reaping Day. Today is the day I have been training for my entire life. Today I fulfill my destiny. A Cheshire grin consumes my face. The reaping isn't until noon, still plenty of time to get a good workout in. I think about the children in other districts, how afraid they must be, and laugh quietly to myself. If they think they're afraid now, just wait until they see us. I stand up, my feet hitting the cold, unfinished floor. It too is made of stonework, though I imagine that the stones were once much smoother and better aligned than they are now. Years of use and earthquakes has made them hazardous. I stand on my tip toes and my fingers touch the thatch ceiling, pulling up to a marvelous stretch. The ceiling is low and oppressive even to me, though I am quite a bit shorter than the rest of the academy trainees. I pull on my normal grey thick tights and fitted blue tunic over my petite, lithe frame and slide my feet into brown leather, knee length boots, well worn from years of training. The academy gave me a new pair, but they remain in the corner, untouched. These are like old friends. I put on my grey jacket with the knives inside it and tie it around my waist. The weight of the daggers against my rib cage feels like home. Deftly I pull my mousy brown hair into a ponytail and walk over to my water basin. In the reflection I see a plain girl, with a long scar, running vertically down my face through my left eyebrow. I suppress a bout of nausea. I can't get used to it. I shatter the reflection and splash frigid water on my pale face, the water cooled in the night by the low temperature of the mountain air. It gets chilly here at night, even in the warmer months. I open the door slowly, cautiously and peek outside when it is open just a crack. The coast is clear. The sky is still midnight blue with barely a hint of light forming in the east. Quiet as a kitten I slink out of my room and make a mad dash across the open slope for the trees at the edge of the forest just a hundred meters away. I park myself behind a big oak and wait. I listen to and absorb even the softest sounds around me. I look through the woods in front of me furtively, no movements other than the breeze rustling the leaves of my forest. I know where my path trails off to the left up the mountain, but I can't see it from here. My home in district two is set high above the rest of the town, which fills a valley. We are on the mountain slope, rather high with nothing but a few low, stonework buildings around us. There are six stone huts in a circle. One has been my home for the last year. They are all the same. The older we get, the higher up the mountain we move. I suppose they want us to get used to the altitude, or the isolation; probably the latter. Being in the oldest class I live just half a mile from the summit of Pike Mountain and miles from the Academy itself, if you stay on the marked paths. When I was younger I hiked up to the top of this mountain with my father once. My sister, Clare refused to come. She was always such a homebody. Dad was proud of me, his little fighter. You're not supposed to be on academy grounds unless you belong to the academy, but dad hiked me up here just the same. Visitors are not allowed as they are likely to get hit with an arrow, or a dagger. We have a lot of . . . practice fights up here, to prepare us. In retrospect, it probably wasn't a safe hike to be on. But my father was a victor, and I always felt safe with him by my side. A door swings open, and softly closes. I immediately come to full attention. There are butterflies in my stomach and giggles threaten to burst to the surface, but I learned long ago how to keep them inside in order to remain stealthy. It's him. I can't believe he isn't quieter. He's got to be more careful. He's never at his best in the morning though. I risk a quick peek around my tree and spot him. He is tall, strong and well-muscled. Light colored stubble grows on his strong jaw-line and his bright blue eyes shine even from here. His blonde hair has grown out a bit and the breeze ruffles his hair. He's wearing the same grey and blue tunic and pants combination that I am, but his are cut to a masculine fit. He looks around, for me, I know and finding me lacking sits down on the grass, leans against the outside wall of my hut and closes his eyes, his head resting comfortably to the side on a wooden post that used to be part of a fence. He looks peaceful like this, just a boy almost. He's only eighteen, but Cato hasn't been a boy in a long time. His face is slack, the lines of stress and irritability not carved into his brow like they are while he wakes. I suspect not for the first time that the academy feeds us something that makes us this way, stressed and irritable. Sure, the training hardens us, but our emotions are mercurial. We can switch from happy and content to furious is a moment. It helps, when we need to be at our best, but it makes us more than a little unstable. He better get used to sleeping with one eye open. We can't have any more of this, I think to myself, my levity from moments ago draining out through my toes. I reach into my jacket and pull out the small knife closest to my reach. My father made these for me years ago, when I first showed skill in knife throwing at age six. He taught me everything he could, but knives were my favorite. They are a beautifully designed series of daggers ranging in size, each with leaf and vine designs woven into the metal and my initials CB are engraved in the finest metalwork. Each knife is the perfect weight in my hands, smooth and cool. Leaning back against the tree I let my mind go blank. I become a vessel for the sounds around me, intensely aware of every aspect of my surroundings: from the blades of grass below my feet to the brave little lark two trees to my left. In one smooth movement I turn, reach my arm smoothly back and let the knife fly right to its target, the wooden beam exactly one inch from Cato's head. I furtively dash back behind the tree. Cato's blue eyes fly open and he rolls to the ground in a practiced, graceful move. "Oh someone. Is. In. Trouble," he growls. I can't help it; a smile breaks across my face. I take another peek around the tree. His eyes lock directly onto me and they are not amused. My eyes widen with fear as the smile drops off my face. My fear is part real, part play and all thrilling. I turn away from him and run into the woods. We are on my favorite path and being a born runner I have a massive advantage, as well as the distance I've already got on him. The path is small, rocky and not well kept. My feet nimbly find the right footing on the ground, a new coat of dirt clings to my boots. Someone who doesn't know the path might not even know it's here. The trees are dense around me but the dawn has begun to peak through their leaves anyway. I pass the spot I saw earlier in the distance and turn to my left and begin winding my way up the switchbacks. I crave the uphill. No one can match me. I'm not the best at flatland sprinting, but I've got endurance and speed to outlast and outpace anyone for miles up a mountain. I calm my breathing enough to listen to the sounds behind me. With his bulk he can't hide the sounds of his movements like I can. He is still quite a ways behind me, but closer than I would like. I run and fly and gallop my way up the mountain, branches encroaching on my path, whipping my face when I'm not careful. The wind had become stronger, but I couldn't care less. I am part of the mountain, part of nature; more predator than mere human. My movements are graceful and feline like the mountain lions that live here. I feel the cold morning air burning in my lungs. There is nothing as invigorating as being chased or hunting others down. Pure endorphins are running through my veins and arteries, electrifying and life affirming. I listen again. I can't hear Cato's telltale footfall. I pick my hiding spot off to the downhill side of the switchback, carefully stepping through the floor fauna and crouch down behind it, waiting for my prey. I can't see the lower path through the woods, so I know Cato won't be able to see me. The forest is calm behind me. Dawn is in full force and I can see the bright pinpoint of the sun sending its rays through the woods. The birds are getting louder, and the world is rapidly painted in the rose and golden hues of a clear sunrise. Five minutes pass. I still can't hear him. He can't be that far behind, can he? Or maybe I'm just faster than even I think I am. The silence creeps by, second by second until I finally stand up and turn around to take a look down through the trees. My heart stops. Not four feet away Cato's eyes are shooting lasers directly at me. I can't fathom how he snuck up on me. "Good morning, honey," I say in my sweetest, most innocent voice. Cato is neither fooled nor mollified. He looks at me, his blue eyes darkening like a storm at sea. There's no way I can escape him from here. My only choice – surrender. He walks over to me, a dangerous smile playing on his lips. He spins me around to face away from him and grabs both of my skinny wrists in