Disclaimer: I do not own the works of Rick Riordan, or any affiliated franchises of his works. This story is solely based on the fictional characters created by him and is not intended for any monetary gain. ((+)) How do you do, y'all. Miss Kick here with a story idea! I like to make chapters a little bit longer than most, so bear with me here. Here's an idea I've been toying around with for a while, and I hope you enjoy what I've written for you. Like any writer, I love reviews! Please leave a few words if you'd like to see anything in the story, criticize me for any writing or plot choices, or anything else! Thanks! I've started writing very recently, and as a result, I'd like to coordinate timing with a beta reader so we can enhance the quality of this. If you're interested, please don't hesitate to email or message me through this site. This is also extremely important. I will establish the relationship between Percy and Artemis as the story continues through the use of interludes, but please don't be confused. YOU HAVEN'T MISSED ANYTHING! :) ((+)) Pragmatism's Sacrifice Prologue Chessmasters fancy what a game of chess would be if all the chessmen had passions and intellects if you were not only uncertain about your adversary's men, but a little uncertain also about your own yet this imaginary chess is easy compared with the game a man has to play against his fellow-men ((+)) Marble. Gold. Twelve figures on their thrones (prisons) . Only one took action. Maybe they won't fall (as quickly) . ((+)) Hera was tired. So very tired. Breaking ancient laws did not have much of an effect on her, with her power and standing on the council. But alongside a debilitating headache (Juno), its side effects were quite lasting. The last time she had taken slumber would have to have been… In a very mortal fashion, the immortal being shook her head. The name of the era was escaping her. To top it off, she could feel her very essence, the very character of Juno trying to escape from her innards. She steadied herself, before flicking her wrist, sending a boy with blonde hair and a purple t-shirt flying into an oak tree, instantly knocking him out. Her champion, Jason. She was often asked by her Roman colleagues why she favored the boy. A grin of malice rose to her cheeks. She did not make the boy her champion because she loved him. For each praise from a mortal, were a thousand curses from monsters, immortals, and death. Because the job of a champion, a legend, is to lead and stay strong yet crumble while watching your friends scream and bleed and cry and die and suffer and sacrifice and (why couldn't it stop-) She steadied herself once more. Juno was getting bolder, and beginning to break the barrier of Hera's subconscious with thoughts. Despite Juno's more warlike tendencies, Hera couldn't help but laugh at the irony; Juno was much more compassionate than she, and thus, Hera, the forgotten goddess of marriage, was already stronger than her. This was reflected in Juno's lack of the ability to seize control, but Hera was often debilitated by these headaches caused by the rebellious Roman aspect. Focusing on the task on hand, she thrust her hand forward, and slowly raised it, bringing the Son of Zeus (JupiterJupiterJupiter) closer to her. She placed on finger on his head, planting the memories she had prepared, and wiping all the memories she had made, making sure to allow the demigod to retain most of his abilities. She half-snorted in annoyance and half-smirked, remembering the time in which she had completely forgotten to do this. The demigod had forgotten how to walk, talk, or even crawl, and was promptly impaled by a measly Dracanae. She had two more visits to make that night. But the most important part of the plan lay in the hands of her step-daughter. She hoped that she would be able to complete her part of the deal. Hera didn't trust her much, but she had no choice. She knew Artemis was close to the Greek boy - closer than she would let on, and certainly much closer than Apollo would be comfortable with - and this would incentivize her to take the boy and hide. But she was betting on the untapped side of Artemis (DianaDianaDiana). The side that respected the right of the hunter to carve through a forest to reach its target. She knew of the moon deity's moral code, the Hunter's Code, but considering her track record with a certain son of Poseidon recently, that Code was certainly void now, and thus, an incorrect reason to trust her. She also believed that Artemis was the only one who surely wouldn't kill the boy. She wondered why Artemis was favored in the Council. Even though she firmly believed that the male species was inherently inferior to women, she still garnered respect from most of the male gods, save Ares, though she knew that some of that respect was born of fear, not love. Was Hera not as eloquent, or influential, or beautiful, or effective as the goddess of the hunt? What did she lack compared to her? Hera knew her jealousy and zealotry knew no bounds, but she was justified (nononono) , right? Hera clutched her head where she felt the burst of pain. She had been ignoring Juno until now, but she now realized her mistake. Juno's constant thoughts, such as "nononono" and Roman addendums to Greek names, were simply just propulsions attempting to break the barrier of the subconscious. Juno had been successful, and Hera could feel the influx of new thoughts, memories, and ideas into her conscious. She froze. She could hear screaming as she saw Juno's memories appear before her. Blood. The malicious grin of Mother Earth. A ship of bronze. The moon. The son of Neptune. Twelve Olympians in their throne room (prison) . ((+)) 3 A.M. A figure stood at the top of half-blood hill. Strands of auburn hair billowed in the cool breeze, covering her slightly pointed ears and the upper-right side of her face, veiling one of her silvery-yellow irises. Her cheekbones were not prominent, but every feature of her face was defined and dangerously precise. Thin, full eyebrows. A slightly upturned nose, ending in a point that was often rumoured to be sharper than the cleanest sword. Thin lips, usually pointed downward in a grimace. Her defined jawline was accentuated by smooth, lively, and blemish-free skin. Those who were ignorant would call her extremely attractive, but lately she had failed to find many in the Greek world who make such a mistake. Her plain garb was form-fitting and practical for hunting, with no loose areas of clothing. Her obsidian-colored shirt had no sleeves to interfere with the twirling of hunting knives or the notching of a bow, and her collar high to prevent the rustling of silver-tipped arrows in her intricate quiver against her smooth, thin neck. While Hera exuded raw power and regality, the figure, despite her young form of sixteen years old, represented a different type of power: her aura seemed cunning, cold, and precise. Yet at the same time, the figure radiated a sense of serene calm, as if nothing could trigger this precise strength. Artemis knew that Hera played a very dangerous game. She also knew that her dearest step-mother had no love, little respect, and very little trust in her. She suspected the only reason Hera did not send another god is because she trusted only Artemis not to outright kill Perseus Jackson. Even if she took the man (boy) and ran (like the coward she was) for the forests or towards a land untouched by the gods, he would still be alive (unfortunately). Even the boy's father might have killed him to stop him from enduring the painful trials before him (which he deserved) . Artemis clutched her head. Recently, Diana had become much more proactive in voicing her opinions regarding Artemis's every thought and action, particularly regarding a certain son of Poseidon. She had forgotten when Diana had started to become much more vocal in her taunting, but she assumed it had started when he was nineteen, three years after the defeat of Kronos. Her Roman aspect would torment her for leaving behind centuries of chastity and purity. Artemis sighed. The four years between today and the defeat of Kronos had passed by very quickly, even for an immortal being. The eight months or so between that fateful day when Percy was eighteen and now had gone even quicker. She pretended not to hear the rumours on Olympus, the whining of satyrs, the whispering of her hunters, and the curses of the Athena girl. His father said she had led him astray. To be truthful, Artemis had no idea which one of them had pulled the other away from their typical life. And it scared her. In normal mortal-godly relations, the mortal was the one who had pulled the god from their way of life, to lead them astray from their typical lives. The mortal was the one that pulled the god, what the god was attracted to, and after the months of passion, the god would leave. Despite no prior romantic pursuits, Artemis was not unintelligent and understood the swaying of hearts of gods and mortals alike, and the one thing that always seemed to hold true between the two is that the one who had been 'pulled' would always push away. And thus, because she didn't know which one of them had been 'pulled' by the other, she didn't know which one would eventually push away. She didn't want to be the one left hurting. Artemis couldn't even decide if whether she regarded the boy as a plaything or not, something to amuse an immortal being of her caliber. From her spot on the hill, she could see the house of the one who had caused such worries within her. Cabin Three stood proudly, despite its lack of height or regality compared to Cabins One and Two. The light-blue paint chipped a little too much on one side, and she could have sworn the cabin's walls were on a slant, but this was...home? Instinctively, she shuddered at that thought. Though she reluctantly trudged down the hill, her foot placement was as perfect as ever, avoiding even the rustling of grass with her hunter's grace. As she walked the pavilion, she noticed that the camp was eerily quiet. The antics in the Hermes cabin had calmed down for the night, and no screams or music could be heard from the ever-rambunctious Ares cabin. She stood in front of Cabin Three. A rusting bronze "3" could be seen hanging from a nail above the doorway, slightly swaying back and forth in the now chilly breeze. She let out a deep breath, and could see light wisps of the fogging of her breath. With a small tinge of nervousness that she would never admit, she knocked. She could feel the sound resonate within the cabin, before a familiar groan and thumping increasing in volume towards her. The wooden door hastily swung open. Artemis' breath hitched for a moment, before giving a sigh and raising her eyebrows after noticing what was in his hands.. A fit man stood before her, almost a head and a half taller than her. His attire was to be expected (only shorts). Had Artemis been a normal girl, she would have stared, even ogled, at the man's defined upper body, but she had long forgotten the longing for such things. No, her gaze was directed at the man's face. Piercing sea-green eyes that seemed to stare right into her soul. Unkempt, charcoal hair that never lightened a shade and was dreadfully uncombable. A distinct jawline, and a ragged beard that had