Love and heal all the hurt away „Mom, he didn't do anything, I swear! We don't need to go!" „Isabella I won't discuss this with you, we are having you checked!" "Please Mom!" I don't want some stranger touching me. Mommy, please. "No!" "Ms. Higginbottom you told the nurse that your daughter's behavior concerned you?" "Yes, you see we just moved here to live with my new boyfriend but ever since we moved in Isabella is acting differently. At first I just thought she was having difficulties with adapting, but now I'm really concerned. She was never a shy or nervous girl and now look at her. I talked with her teachers and nothing conspicuous happened at school, but she won't talk to me and won't be around my boyfriend. Do you think something happened?" Renee was the world's best actor, of course I wouldn't stay around her new beau because I was still hoping that this would stop if I didn't go near him, but no. Every new city the same old story... "I understand that you are concerned and as every good mother you want to make sure that your daughter is ok. We will examine her and see if she was assaulted, but I am sorry to say that the described behavior would fit. Come here Isabella, you don't need to be afraid, change into this grown and I promise everything is going to be ok." Yeah how often did I hear this sentence? I don't know why, but my mother's hobby is doctor-hopping and she spends all her money on them. But not like getting plastic surgeries, she wants them to examine me! At the beginning I thought she was just a very concerned mother but the older I get the harder this is to believe. My whole life I never stayed longer than a few months at one place then the medical facilities were exhausted and we had to move. At the beginning it was only my mom and me, but in the last few years we would move from one loser to the next and every time it ended because my mom accused them of stuff. Sometimes the guys would give her money to keep quiet but sometimes we had to run away. When I was nine I stopped unpacking my two duffle bags. I don't talk any longer with other people, which means doctors and nurses and I usually hide behind my hair. My mom always tells others that I was such an outgoing child before, but that's a lie I never was. I'm homeschooled, well I homeschool myself and the only time I get out of the house is to go to the doctor. You would think that I'd like that, but no, I hate doctors, the touching and probing and the questions they ask. When I was younger my mom 'accidentally' injured me so that I needed medical attention. She would always break down after I was treated and would want the doctor to hug her so she could cry into his arm. If he comforted her it was a good day. And in my childish logic I started to hurt myself, because I was rewarded when mommy was happy. So without even trying I became extremely clumsy and now mommy wouldn't hurt me. "Baby come, it's time to go." "Ma'am, how can I help you?" "Hello my name is Renee Higginbottom my daughter needs to see a doctor, please help me!" "It's ok Renee, calm down. We will help her. Can you tell me what happened?" "We just moved here because of my new boyfriend. Oh my god, it is all my fault! Issy never liked him, but I thought she was rebelling you know." Renee fakes tears to perfection. "A few days ago she stopped talking and last night she had this terrible nightmare were she woke up screaming, but besides this she is mute. I found her in her room crying and clutching her stomach and yesterday she was in the shower for two hours! Something must have happened. But she is homeschooled, the only other person she saw besides me is my new boyfriend! I don't know what to do, I don't know anyone around here and I spend all our money for the move, what shall I do? Please help my baby!" "Oh my god, I'll get the doctor immediately, calm down honey, everything will be ok, you're a wonderful mother, it's gonna be ok. Dr. Cullen is wonderful with his patients, he will be able to help the two of you. He will know what to do and how to get you out of there. Go to exam room number two. Do you want something to drink? I'll get you some water. Please don't cry, sweetie. Everything is going to be ok." "Dr. Cullen could you please take over this emergency from room number two? It is a very distraught mother with her thirteen-year-old daughter. We have serious suspicion that she was sexually abused by the mother's new boyfriend." "Oh what is wrong with this world? I'll be there in a minute. What's the girl's name?" "I'm so sorry doctor, I totally forgot to ask, her mother's name is Renee." "Thank you Silvia." "Ms. Higginbottom? Hello my name is Doctor Cullen. And this must be your daughter?" "Yes, this is my Isabella. Thank you for seeing us. I just didn't know what to do." "Isabella, sweetie, can you look at me? Hush sweetie, I won't hurt you, I promise! You don't have to be scared of me, I just want to see your pretty face." "She doesn't speak with me either, ever since Monday the only things she does is shaking and hiding like now and sometimes whimpering. Yesterday I found out that she stayed in the shower for two hours and she has nightmares." "It was the right thing to come here, but I'm afraid to examine her if she is in that state of a mind." "Please Doctor Cullen, I need to know what's wrong with her! Please help her, I just want my baby back!" "Ms. Higginbottom" "Renee" "Renee, I understand that this is a really difficult situation for you and I won't just send your daughter away, I'm just afraid that a medical examination against her will could harm her further. I also have a medical degree in psychology. Would you be willing to let me talk to Isabella for a moment?" "Of course. Please go a head." "I will have a nurse bring you back in." "Wait! You want me to go out?" "Sometimes it is easier to open up to a stranger." "If you think so. I would prefer to stay with my baby, but you are the doctor." "Isabella – what a beautiful name. Do you have a nickname?" "Bella" I heard myself whisper and was surprised by myself that I answered the doctor out loud. I never did. "How apt, do you know that bella means beautiful in Italian?" I felt my head shake. Who was this gentle doctor? They never took the time to talk with me or send Renee out. But I still didn't dared to lift my head and to take a look. I sat on the uncomfortable chair with my knees up on the stool and my arms hugging my knees while my hair covered my face. "I understand if you are afraid, hospitals and doctors can be scary. I promise you, you don't have to do anything you don't want to." This was the first time a doctor said this to me. Usually they would just order some nurses to grab me and did what ever they thought they needed to do. "Really?" My voice whispered silently, full of doubt. "Really!" And his voice sounded so sincere that I actually believed him. And with this my head rose slightly and I took a look at him through my hair. "There she is." The doctor said as I got a good look at him. I was flabbergasted he was the most beautiful man I had ever seen. He looked so strong, but his demeanor was oh so gentle. He had light blond hair and so pale skin, but his eyes were what captured me the most – they were pure gold. He smiled a soft smile, but I had to look at his eyes again. They looked to compassionate. After the few seconds it took to take him in I hide again behind my hair, but now my posture was a bit more relaxed. Never in my whole life had anybody cared so much about me like this man and I didn't understand. He didn't said anything else, instead he gave me room to breath and I did just that. I actually felt safe. He had taken Renee's chair and just sat next to me and let me be. After a while my breathing was so much easier than I could ever remember and I managed to put my feet on the ground, but I still needed to keep my arms around my body to protect me – just in case. "Please don't hurt me." Broke a sob suddenly through my closed lips and just like a broken dam tears ran from my closed eyes and sobs shuddered through my body. "Bella, may I hold your hand?" I didn't understood why, would he want to sedate me? But I felt the urge to comply and extracted one of my hands with quite some struggle from my body. "There you go. I just want to hold your hand to let you know you are not alone. I don't know what happened, though I have some ideas. I won't hurt you. I will never do anything against your will. Do you understand? Let it all out honey, don't bottle it up. Nothing will hurt you here. You are safe." I didn't understand I never let down my walls, but all I wanted was to climb on Doctor Cullen's lap and let him comfort me. What was wrong with me? "I'm ok," I sobbed "I'm sorry." "Hush, there is nothing to be sorry about." "I understand if you don't want to talk about it, but can I ask you a few questions? If you don't want to answer one just say next?" I just nodded and he pressed my hand. "Do you realize that your mother thinks you were sexually assaulted?" I nodded. "Ok." "Can you tell me if you are physically hurting right now? Are you in pain?" I shake my head. "Good, I'm glad you're not." "Is your mom right?" "Next." "Alright, you're doing good sweetie." "Did somebody hurt you?" How should I answer, I don't know. It is true, mom is still hurting me sometimes, but it is getting less. I don't know why she does it. And Brian did nothing wrong. I shake my head again and hear Dr. Cullen sigh. He undoubtedly doesn't believe me. I probably took too long to answer. "Bella, I promise you that you are safe here. Is there anybody pressuring you, no matter who or what this person is saying I am very sure that this person is wrong. You can tell me." I started to cry again, I wanted so much to tell him the truth, that it hurt, but I couldn't. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry." I whispered again and again so silently that I doubted he could hear me, but he pressed my hand one more time and let me cry till I finished. "Let's call your mom back in, ok?" He asked and I nodded. "Ms. Higginbottom, I would like to see Bella once a week to talk with her. Will that work for you?" "Yes of course if you think so, but why? Did she spoke with you and did you examine her, what are the results?" "I talked to her a bit, but you will understand that these information are confidential."