"Do I really have to do this?" I whined. "Yes, Ginny, as a matter of fact, you do," Hermione said smugly, "Luna and I both did it, and you said that you would do it if we did." Even though I wasn't looking at her, I could still see her smirk haunting me when I closed my eyes. I vaguely considered screaming and running away, but then I realized that Hermione would probably catch me in seconds. I looked down, no doubt with a defeated expression on my face. "Now's when you turn around and storm into the tent," she stated, with a smile on her face. I looked at her and gave her a heated glare, turned on my heel, and, as predicted, stormed into the tent. I sat down in front of Zedra and practically thrust my palm into her hands. Hermione and Luna quickly followed; probably afraid they were going to miss the great uncovering of my future. She looked up at me like she was surprised - wasn't she supposed to be psychic? - but quickly recovered and looked down at my palm. "My dearest Ginevra," she began. My eyebrows shot up in surprise. How did she know my name? Maybe she wasn't a fraud after all. But, then I remembered that she was a wizard. I shook my head. What was happening to me? Hermione leaned forward. I couldn't believe she was actually buying this. I looked back at Luna. She looked normal. Well, as normal as Luna can be, anyway. Zedra's voice jerked me back to reality, "I understand that you don't believe in the noble art of Divination," she said, "but, someday, my dear, you will realize the error of your ways and appreciate it." Huh? I rolled my eyes, trying to make the action as obvious as possible. "My dear, I see love in your near future," she continued, "your very near future." I could feel Hermione and even Luna, who seemed to have been shaken out of her world, look at me. Even I felt a bit interested at this point. "Oh, really?" I asked in what I thought to be a casual manner. And, I suppose it worked, since Zedra narrowed her eyes and looked even more closely at my palm. Suddenly, she smiled and looked up at me. "You are destined to fall in love with a young man who you believe you despise, but, my dear; truthfully, there is love in both your hearts." I raised an eyebrow. It couldn't be Harry, because she had said 'who you despise'. Maybe it was… Hmmm, I couldn't really think of anyone who I despised – except maybe a… No, it couldn't be - I was destined to fall in love with a… with a… "I'm supposed to fall in love with a Slytherin !" I all but screamed the last word at her. A mischievous smile slowly crossed her lips. I ripped my palm out of her hands. "Do you wish to know what you can do to get him to confess his love for you?" I shouted 'No!' at the exact same time that Hermione yelled 'Yes!' "Very well," she smiled at Hermione – of course she would she would listen to her -, "to find love in him, you must wear only three colours for the remainder of the year." Even though finding love with a Slytherin was not on my to-do-list for any day, I was still a bit curious as to see how exactly I was supposed to find love. "And, they would be…?" Hermione asked, before I had a chance to. I swear, sometimes it's like she can read my mind. Even though she can be very evil at times I love the girl to death. And Luna, too, of course. They're like sisters to me, which is actually very convenient, since I don't have any sisters. "Green, black, and white," she stated simply. "Well, that's definitely a good thing, since those three colours suit me very well." I looked up to see Hermione staring at me with one eyebrow raised. "What?" "Oh, nothing, it's just that before we came in here you were absolutely positive that this was a bad idea," she said slowly, before turning around, "No offence," she said to Zedra, who merely smiled and nodded. "Well, excuse me, for actually paying attention," I said hotly, "I was just doing what I was asked to do." I glared at her, and she glared right back. "Those Bob-a-Tobs must be at work again," Luna's dreamy voice drifted out from the corner of the tent. Hermione and I stopped our glaring contest just long enough for Luna to walk across the tent. "Come on, Hermione, Ginny, you know you guys can't stay mad at each other for long, so what's the point of even starting a fight?" I considered this, and said, "Girl's got a point. I'm sorry I shouted at you." I held out my arms, as if for a hug, and Hermione smiled before stepping into my embrace. Very slowly, I stood up and walked over to Zedra, "Thank you for your advice on my love life, but, I don't think I'll be using it," before I shook her hand formally, and took my leave. Just as I was about to walk out of the tent, I heard Zedra say something. "Remember, Ginny," she said, "Green, black, and white, remember." Those were the last words that I heard her say before I left the tent. — "Rooooooooooon!" I was walking around Diagon Alley, looking for Ron, and see if he wanted to go to Quality Quidditch Supplies to look at the new brooms. "Rooooooooooon!" I tried again. Maybe I'd find him if I called Harry. "Harryyyyyyyyy!" Just as I was about to try again, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around and I saw someone I knew from Hogwarts. But, it definitely wasn't Hermione. It wasn't Ron. No, it wasn't Harry either. He was a Slytherin. He was tall. He had dark hair. He had dark skin. He had dark eyes. He was very good-looking. He was Blaise Zabini. Yes, it was him. Not that I care, or anything. But, it was just that he was standing there. And he was looking at me. He was looking at me like I was the funniest thing he had ever seen. "What?" I blurted out before I could stop myself. "Oh nothing, Weaselette." He drawled in his annoying voice with the annoying drawl that he was using his voice to do and the annoying… Ahem. I spun around and walked into the first shop that I saw, which just so happened to be Quality Quidditch Supplies. To my surprise, he followed me in. I looked over my shoulder, giving him a skeptical look. He smirked. Argh. Just to see if he was actually following me or if he had come in here to buy something, I walked around a display full of snitches three times. Just like I thought, he followed me. This time I talked to him I was going to be calm and collected. I wasn't going to just blurt out a 'What?' and walk away. I took a deep breath and spun around to face him. "What do you want, Zabini?" The perfect opening line for a conversation, don't you think? "Like I said, Red, nothing," he said… More like drawled, actually. "Uh huh, and that's why you just followed me around a snitch display three times." "No actually, it's a habit of mine to walk around any purchase I'm about to make three times right before I buy it," he said, he sounded like a jerk when he said it like that, but he was so good-looking that it didn't matter. I don't know why the good-looking ones always have to be jerks. I looked at him like he was crazy. I'm actually very good at looking at people like they're crazy… I think so, anyway. He smirked. Big shocker, that. "Fine, then, I'm leaving," I announced. I turned to leave, and I found him following right behind me. For some reason, I found myself walking around the same display three times before I left. As I had suspected, he followed. I let out a sigh; I guess I was just going to have to live with it. But… that didn't mean I couldn't try annoying him. "Why-" I was cut short "Ginny!" I spun around, Hermione! That girl is a lifesaver! "I've been looking for you every where!" "I was looking for Ron and Harry, to see if they wanted to check out the new brooms." "I should have thought to check in that Quidditch place," she said, looking thoughtful. That's the only thing wrong with her; she doesn't know anything about Quidditch. Someday, I'm going to force her to get on a broom. "Quality Quidditch Supplies," I corrected. "Whatever. I found Luna, and we're going to go get you some new clothes." What? This is injustice! This is an ambush! Aaaah, I have nowhere to go! What do I do? Wait a second, what's so wrong with my clothes that we have to get new ones? When I voiced that thought, she answered very slowly, almost like she was testing out the words to make sure I wasn't going to explode. "There's nothing wrong with your clothes, it's just that you don't have any green, black or white ones." Oh no! See, I told you this was an ambush. And I thought that she didn't believe! "I'm not going anywhere." I stomped my foot for emphasis. "Come on, Red, I'd like to see you shop." Zabini's drawl drifted out from the corner. Merlin, I had forgotten he was still here. I did the wise thing, and ignored him. "Why do I need new clothes, anyway?" As soon as I said that, a mischievous smile spread over Hermione's face. "Because I hid all your old ones." What? "Um, why?" "So, you would come to buy new ones with me and Luna." "I'm not coming!" I stomped my foot again and crossed my arms. "Ginny, the only outfit you have is the one you're wearing. And, you most definitely can't ' Accio ', because you'd get in trouble. And, you can't try to find them yourself because there's an Invisibility Charm on them." "Oh, yeah, and who cast that charm?" She couldn't have done it herself because she wasn't of age yet. "Mrs. Weasley," she said smugly. "What?" Merlin! "Mrs. Weasley," she said again. I couldn't believe it! My own mother! Part of an ambush! An ambush against me! I thought it over. I tried to find a way out of it. I tried to find a place to run. But, then I realized there was no way I could get out of it. So, I caved. "Fine," I finally conceded. I was going to regret this. — "Ronald Weasley! You leave your sister alone!" Mum had fortunately walked into the room while Ron grilled me on why I had worn nothing but green, black and white for the past three days. I had refused to answer. What was I supposed to do? Tell him that my supposed best friends – who are, just for the record, evil – and my own mother had hidden my clothes, cast Invisibility Charms on them so I wouldn't be able to find them manually, and then forced me to wear these three extremely boring colours for the rest of my life? Yeah, that was definitely going to shut him up. "But, Mum, just look at her, she's –" "Ronald, I believe this is yours," Hermione walked into the room holding a piece of parchment that was rolled up and tied with a piece of string. "Who's it from?" I asked, thankful for the change of subject. "Some girl named," she squinted and looked closer, "Nicola Ashton. Who's she?" "Just a