A Wolf in Twilight imagines the story of Leah Clearwater through the perspective of a young, blind doctor, new to Forks, and unwittingly thrust into the world of wolves and vampires. Closely follows and references the events of the series. March 8th, 2006 A few weeks following the Breaking News of a horrific bear attack in the Olympic National Park near Forks, WA. Chapter 1: Infinite Monsters The smell of gas and oil. Like a perfume, it clung to the inside of the truck, hinting at character, defining impressions. One might have thought Owen accustomed to the mechanical smells of the beaten up, old Ford '95. After all, his father's truck had been a staple of his childhood. Long summers seated right where he sat that rainy afternoon, bouncing along, head lulled to the side, against the window that had quit working years ago. He recalled that tickle in his jaw from the vibration of the glass. Enough, it had his younger self constantly adjusting and re-adjusting to find the best spot for rest. There had also been more space for his knees. But the years had changed things. He had obviously grown. Even at his meager five-foot-ten, he had to turn them at just the right angle to avoid the glove-compartment box. The sensation at the window was different, as well. Still an irritant, less a distraction. Or, perhaps, it was Owen's steeled intent to keep his facade of rest and not draw attention to himself. Yes. Uncomfortable though he was, Older Owen was far wiser than Younger Owen and understood how best to keep the cab happy. Minimal attention meant even less talking. So, feign sleep. Only five more hours to go. The vents were on full blast. He felt the unfiltered air like a punch; rain-tinted air, gently heated by the engine and then released into the truck's interior in a ceaseless spray of humidity. It made the space a tad chilly. Owen hazarded a shifting of his body to set one jacketed arm against the brunt of the vent. "Too cold?" Owen's heart dipped. Mission to remain forgotten failed. "Sorry. I'll get it," the voice beside him said quickly. A click at the dashboard and the press of artificial wind quit. "Thanks," he murmured in his best 'I'm half-asleep' voice. No use. Owen heard his father clear the gravel from his throat, a tell that meant a discussion was on the way. And then silence. The expected hush as the elder Reid formed his thoughts. Owen couldn't help an internal sigh. Maybe because there in that truck, he could remember a different person seated beside him those long summers before the accident. A man who spoke with far less hesitancy to his son. The space between words was filled with the pat-patter of a gentle rainfall made vicious beneath their speed on the highway. "Passin' Portland, here, in thirty," came the eventual observation, tinged with a familiar Texas drawl. Another clearing of his smoke-stained throat. "So, uh, figure we could stop there fer lunch." "If it's ok, I'd like to make it into Forks before six." "Yeah sure." More silence. Owen had become adept at reading it and could guess his father's internalizing, which was likely loaded with self-doubt and discomfort. So odd. Like a completely different person than the man Owen remembered. But, then again, hadn't the surgery made them all different people? Owen gritted his teeth, willing the thoughts out of his mind, thoughts and his own personal insecurities. They'd been banished years ago. No doubt, it was just the familiarity of the setting getting to him. The rattling window...the smell of his father's truck... "You know, maybe we should stop," Owen said quickly, straightening up in his seat as an unbidden wave of claustrophobia washed in from the memories. "Let's not wait for Portland, though. There should be some fast food coming up, right?" "Next exit," his father confirmed, catching a bit of that same need to get out. Lunch was thankfully typical. Some good old highly processed Subway. Owen relished a brief respite from company as he ate alone while his father filled the gas tank and then perused the gift shop. He sat alone in the small booth, dark-tinted shades pinching at the bridge of his nose. He never liked wearing them but his father insisted, even then in the gas station, miles away from home. It wasn't a cruel or demanding insistence. No, it was something far worse... Embarrassment? "Here's yer glasses, son." And the tone of his voice was always so tight, clipped. Owen had attempted several times throughout the years to assure his father that the glasses weren't necessary. I'm not ashamed, anymore. And every time, it had been the same response. "Doc says it helps." All up until the last time when Owen had pointedly reminded his father that the 'doc' had said that years ago, after the surgery, after the breakdown. "I don't use these anymore." "Just take them!" The older man had snapped. And that was it. Owen knew, the glasses weren't for his benefit. They were for his father's sake. So, he had taken the shades and put them on and then never taken them off, when around his father. Which wasn't often. "Hey, I got us some jerky," loud and approaching at Owen's ten o'clock; Mr. Reid, like a herald heralding himself into the moment. The younger man gave a quick, forced smile of acknowledgement and tried not to think about the eyes of those around, no doubt, on them. Just a few more hours, Owen promised himself. And it was. The sun had just begun to set, ushering in a noticeable cold, when the old truck growled onto S. Forks Ave. Owen was seated forward, head turned slightly as he listened to his new home. The rain. It had let up through most of Southern Washington but then returned in force twenty miles outside of town. His father had quipped something about renting a pontoon boat for the rest of the way, but Owen was focused completely on the wealth of newness invading his senses. Perhaps it was the excitement of starting a new chapter, starting it alone for the first time in his life, but something in the air felt different. As if they had just driven through the wardrobe and could expect to find crossing signs for Fawns and maybe a talking animal to provide directions to Klahndike Blvd., where his studio apartment awaited. Well, they didn't find magical creatures but did manage to attract a blast of siren from a cop, hiding down a side road. "Oh, hell," Owen's father groaned. A minute later, they were pulled off to the side. The officer took his time before there came the tap-tap of knuckles on the driver's side window. "Evenin', officer." And there was a handing over of the necessary identification. "Evening." The voice of the man outside was low, a natural authority grounding the tone. "Where you headed..." A pause. A glance at the license. "Mr. Reid?" "Klahndike?" The older Reid let the question tell the story of their newness to the area. And the officer seemed to read better than expected. "You're the new Doc Will?" "Huh?" Owen leaned forward, catching the reference and raising a hand: "That'd be me." Doctor William Taggert was one of the few licensed chiropractors working in the area. He also happened to be the man Owen was replacing. "Good to meet you, Doctor Reid. I'm Officer Swan." A mix of ease and no-nonsense blended his voice into something strong and reliable. Owen appreciated him, already. "You have a tail-light out, sir," he continued, addressing Owen's father again over the pops of rain on his hat. "I'd like you to get that fixed before heading out." A warning was written and handed over and then the officer gave the truck's hood a pat in parting. "Happy to have you in Forks," Swan said in Owen's direction. "And, uh, let me know if you need anything, ok?" Owen gave a nod of thanks. "See you Tuesdays, doc." Apparently, Owen had just met his first client. xXXx The apartment was reasonable, a tiny one bed, one bath with a kitchen adjoining the living space. 435 square feet. Eight easy steps from the door to the refrigerator. Five to the bedroom. Five more to the restroom. Just enough room for Fork's newest bachelor. The living quarters filled up nicely with a couch, a computer desk and old fashioned CD player where the TV might have gone. There was the tower of CDs with everything from classical to rock to world music. Owen had diverse tastes, made most evident in his modular bed. Three supported cushions linked together that could be converted into any number of configurations. He had it laid flat as a traditional mattress. There was small circular dining table with a glass surface and two chairs. His father grumbled about the impracticality of the setup and attempted multiple times to convince Owen to purchase a wood top. It was almost as big an argument as the candles. Owen loved candles. And he had them set in strategic locations all throughout the apartment. "It'll be fine," he assured his father. "Just don't get the sense of it, 'cause-...well..." Owen stood in the center of his new home, completely at home. A deep intake of breath fixing the scent of the place in-mind and in-heart. He was happy. He smiled. It tugged at the corners of his shielded, sightless eyes. "Thanks for bringing me, dad." A long, quiet moment. Different in the quality of tension. Because his rough and capable father was attempting to keep the emotion out of his voice. "Ok, well, I'm gonna...I'm gonna get the rest of your things. And then I figured I'd get goin', if that's ok. Got a long drive home and they're expecting me at the new job site by Tuesday." Owen knew. They had already discussed the arrangement. The drive there and the quick departure. It had been one of his father's leading arguments against the idea of going...of driving his disabled son two states away to deposit him in the foreign land that was Forks, Washington. Give it a pass, son. It's too quick, too soon. Other opportunities will come. But that wasn't true. Inheriting an established practice straight out of residency was the opportunity of a lifetime. Even more so for a young, blind doctor. "Call me when you get back to Texas," Owen said at the doorway, gripping his father's hand in farewell. He couldn't see the tears in the old man's eyes and no words came in response for fear of revealing them, if there. Just a quick squeeze of the hand. And his father was gone. The closing of another chapter. He wouldn't receive a call. Like after the accident and then his parents' divorce, there would be no word unless Owen was the one to reach out. He shut the door as the engine roared to life. Forehead to the frame, he drew in a deep, steadying breath. Owen made the mental note to call his father, Thursday, after work. xXXx Healing Hands Chiropractic sat at the corner of Klahndike and Sol Duc Way, an easy five minutes and 350 steps, from Owen's apartment. He made it to the door of the office by 8:30am and then made it inside twenty minutes later, when a flustered woman came running up the steps. "I'M HERE! I'M HERE, DOCTOR REID!" She had a voice that could fill an auditorium, rich and sing-song, even in her hurry. Jan Riley. No doubt. Though they had only spoken on the phone and via e-mail, her overdrive personality was unmistakable. It brought a smile instantly to his lips. "How was the drive? Did you settle ok? Have you had breakfast, yet? Let's get breakfast! I know the best place! Pancakes like you've never tasted with some good Northern