Something was troubling James Potter to say the least. Something had been gnawing at him all holidays and so he had made good use of the emptiness of Gryffindor tower to ponder on it. Christmas had come and gone, the presents had all been opened, the wpaper cleared away and there were only a few days left until the business of Hogwarts returned with the wash of returning students, Quidditch and classes. James Fleamont Potter was determined to work out what bothering his best friend, one Sirius Orion Black before he lost the chance. All holidays Sirius had been withdrawn and quiet. Usually they would capitalise on the distracted teachers and wreak havoc on those left in the castle, or they would fill the long days planning elaborate pranks for when the term resumed but Sirius had been unusually morose, choosing to spend his days wandering the grounds or even worse shut up alone in the dorm. Even as James thought about it, he concluded that Sirius had been acting differently all year, ever since they had come back from the summer holidays. It was just little things that the raven haired boy had noticed, less hexing of people, pranks that weren't any less fun but a marginally safer. He was growing up, James realised with an odd jolt and for a brief moment worried that he might be left behind. He quickly dismissed that thought pretty quickly, they were brothers for christ sake and if a little growing up was what he needed to do to keep up, then so be it. It wasn't just that either though, James realised. Sirius had been on a suspicious lack of dates this year so far and for the notorious player, going a week without a date was unheard of let alone a full term. And then the Christmas holidays had hit, and only the three of them were left in the dormitory. Peter had gone home for the holidays, along with most of Gryffindor leaving Sirius and James, the Potter's being on a holiday abroad, Remus who was going home for Easter and Lily who was on the outs with her sister again all remaining in the tower. Sirius had retreated within himself from almost the minute term had ended, spending increasing amounts of time on his own rather than with his friends. James had let it happen, chosen to give his friend space to work through whatever problems had been plaguing him but enough was enough. It was time to go find out what was wrong. With his new resolution in mind, he jumped to his feet and left the deserted dormitory, bounding down the stone stairs in search of his mate. He took the final step into the common room and his eyes immediately fell on the figure curled up in front of the fire, the wild, unrestrained hair marking him as James' best friend. He was so absorbed by the flickering flames that he didn't notice James until he had sunk to the floor beside him. Lily Evans was staring at Remus Lupin. In fact she was staring at him so intensely that it was surprising that Remus remained oblivious. The redheaded girl was determined to figure out what was wrong with her friend, who been acting oddly for weeks now. The werewolf in question was lost in thought, staring into space, his quill poised over the parchment, dripping splotches of ink onto the pristine paper as it had been for the past five minutes. This had been happening on and off the entire day. The two Gryffindor's had gotten the idea to get together and finish off any left over homework before the term resumed. Not much had gotten done however, Remus having been distracted all day, alternating between making slow progress on his numerous essays and daydreaming. Something was obviously troubling him and Lily, with her iron will, was committed to finding out what and resolving it. If only so they both didn't get detention for the uncompleted homework. "Remus?" she called softly, aware of the spindly figure of Madam Pince prowling around, ready to defend her precious books. Lily received no response from the boy. "Remus," she called a little louder casting an anxious glance over her shoulder. When remained motionless with his gaze focussed on the grain of the desk, she tried one more time, leaning over the desk to seize his wrist. "Remus!" she hissed. The sudden pressure on his skin jerked the werewolf from his trance and looked up at his friend worriedly. "What's wrong?" She gaped at him astonishedly for a moment before finding her her voice again. "What's wrong with me? You were the one daydreaming. Again." A sheepish smile graced his face. "Was I?" "Yes. What has been going through your head lately?" The smile on Remus' face grew troubled and his gaze drifted away from Lily and towards the abundance of books heaped on the shelves. "Come one, mate. I know something's wrong." James pleaded with an unresponsive Sirius, dealing with his profile rather than his face which was turned determinedly towards the fire. "Nothing's wrong," Sirius finally replied and it was the first thing he'd said since James sat down so he's calling it a step in the right direction. "Oh come on," James snorted. "Padfoot, this is me remember." "I'm serious Prongs," Sirius said with a smile that didn't reach his eyes. "Nothing's wrong. I've just been...thinking a lot over the holidays." "Don't do that, you'll hurt yourself." When the joke did nothing to relieve the deep frown on Sirius' face, James leaned in further to study his friend. "Mate, maybe you just need to get laid or something. You know really get out of your head. It has been a long time-" "No!" Sirius cut him off so decisively and whirled to face him so suddenly that his friend jolted slightly. Then slowly a grin emerged on James' face. Sirius knowing what the look meant hurriedly turned back to the fire. "You like someone don't you." Sirius' mouth dropped open for a second before he answered blandly, "I don't know what you're talking about." James wasn't listening. "You like someone," he said in a stunned voice, more to himself than his friend. He shook his head in amazement. "Never thought I would see the day." "Remus, you have to tell me." Lily inwardly winced at the whine in her voice, but didn't retract her comment. "There's nothing to tell," Remus replied briskly, tearing through pages in his textbook. "Oh, don't give me that. You've been acting weird for weeks now." "Have not," Remus countered, all too aware that he sounded like a child. "Oh yeah?" Lily taunted. "What did we learn in History of Magic, last day of term?" she challenged with a raise of her perfectly plucked eyebrows. Remus sat there stumped, trying to cast his mind back to the lesson. And he could remember it well, the only problem being that he hadn't been paying attention to the lecture but rather the back of a certain someone's head. Lily nodded in satisfaction at the lost expression on her friends face. "We were learning about the Goblin Rebellion of 1612, not that you would know since you spent the lesson off with the fairies." Remus smiled fondly at the muggle expression knowing that if Sirius or James were with them they'd be on their feet and looking for the winged pests in a heartbeat. "So what's been going on with you? Daydreaming about your secret crush?" she joked with a soft chuckle, glancing down at the unfinished essay. Remus' silence spoke volumes to Lily and her head snapped up to take in the expression that solidified what she already suspected. "Oh my god, Remus Lupin actually likes someone." She have a stunned sort of giggle at the end of her announcement. "I, I…" Remus trailed off uncertainly. Lily squealed with excitement, ignoring the sharp shush it prompted from the nearby patrolling librarian and immediately tried to guess who it was. "Oh my god, is it Mary Macdonald? I saw you two hanging out the other day. Or maybe Dorcas Meadowes, she's only a year older," Lily mused. Remus shoved his books into a haphazard pile, rolled up his essay mindless of the still drying ink and gathered it all in his arms, swinging his bag over his shoulder as an afterthought, not taking the usual care with his things. "Come on Remus. Stay, talk to me about this," Lily begged, a pout fixed on her lips. "Just tell me who she is." "I can't," Remus hissed and stumbled to his feet. "Because… because it's not a she." Lily's mouth dropped open and the werewolf used her momentary shock to his advantage and hurried for the door of the library. Unfortunately, for him at least, he and Lily had chosen a table right at the back and he had to wade through countless other tables and packed shelves to get to the entrance. Even more unfortunately, Lily got over her shock pretty quickly and sprang into action, gripping his wrist and hauling him back towards the table. "Lily," he groaned but allowed himself to be pulled back to the table. "I really don't want to talk about this." "But how could you not tell me before this. We've been friends since second year." "This isn't something that you just decide one day," Remus reminded her with a wry smile. "Besides I didn't even really know for sure until these holidays. And then there was no good time to tell you." "I know, I know but…" Lily trailed off with a shake of her head. "You don't mind do you?" Remus asked, suddenly worried. "God Remus." Lily grabbed his hand and squeezed it reassuringly. "Of course I don't mind. I just don't know how I missed it. I usually have awesome gayday," Lily said with a frown. Remus groaned and dropped his head into a free hand. "How are ok with this?" Sirius was staring at James as though he had just told him that he was secretly having an affair with a goat. James leant back on his hands, stretching out his stiff body and surveying his friend calmly. "So you have feelings for a guy. I don't get what the problem is. You've done it before?" "Woah, woah, woah," Sirius said, holding his hands up in a surrender motion. "I've fooled around with guys before, but hasn't everyone." Judging by James' expression, not everyone experiments with their sexuality. "Whatever. But this time I'm talking full on feelings, like I want a relationship." "And I reiterate, what's the big deal?" Sirius goggled at him, eyes round and mouth open wide enough that James could see his tonsils. "Because it makes me a poof," he finally managed to get out, voice strangled. "We're talking about me being a shirtlifter. Me liking it up the ass. Me-" "I really didn't need to know that," James said with a wrinkled nose. "But who cares? I mean if it makes you happy." James punctuated his statement with an unconcerned shrug. "Besides, I already knew." "You did not." "I did." "Then why didn't you tell me!" "I was waiting to see how long it took you to figure it out." Sirius coughed a subdued "arsehole" into the fire but was unable to contain his grin. "So who is the lucky guy." "Ha, forget it." "You have to tell me," Lily insisted. She was pleading with an unresponsive Remus who was back to focussing on his charms essay. She knew she must have part of his attention however because he'd been reading the same page for five minutes and hadn't written a single word. "I do not," Remus replied shortly. "Oh, come on," Lily said. "Ok, what if I guess. Will you tell me then?" Remus thought about it for a long moment and finally nodded reluctantly, swayed by the doe