"Every Day Thereafter" Mystic25 Summary: "You can't blame gravity for falling in love- " Albert Einstein Harry/Hermione. Post DH Rating: T for language and imagery. BBBBBB " We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all" - Eleanor Roosevelt BBBBBB The weather had given up trying to ward off the impending winter and instead embraced it with gusts of cold air and falling snow flurries that covered yards and mailboxes in a blanket of white. The night had just begun to fall, spreading a velvet inky blackness throughout the last bits of sunset hanging on the edge of the sky. All around the neighborhood hung twinkling lights, and inside uncovered windows, Christmas trees in all their finery and decorations sat in a place of honor. Up high, a blood red leaf tugged at the thin branch of an elm tree with branches dusted in a layer of snow. It broke free of the branch and drifted down on puffs of updrafts, sticking against the side of a black leather ankle boot. She reached down to pluck the leaf off her boots, letting the velum thin thing drift down towards the sidewalk that was carpeted with other leaves in alternating colors of orange and yellow. Standing back after letting go of the leaf took moments longer than bending down hand. The whole of her equilibrium tilted off center. She used her denim clad leg to brace herself up, steadying herself as the world shifted back under her control. She lowered her arm to her side, then raised it up to reach out with the briefest moment of before laying her hand against the roundness that was protruding out from underneath her coat. A flutter of movement danced out across palm. She had grown used to this sensation, and odd feeling of tumbling and rolling and occasional pain when a foot or an elbow jabbed or kicked against one of her internal organs. The ripple stopped and she lowered her hand slowly away again, staring up at the wrought iron fence outside the yard. Just inside the grass, hanging from the branch of a sprawled birch tree, hung a wooden swing she had helped to make when she was 8. It was before she learned that she was a witch,. She had been helping her dad hold the plywood board down on the sawhorse, listening to the grind of the electric saw as it came down and slice the board in half. But before it could reach the puddle it was about to fall into she remembered it doing the oddest thing, flipping over once like a kid doing a summersault and landing in the dry grass just because she was looking at it and thinking what she wanted it to do. Her dad had been too preoccupied with the saw to see it happen. But her voice was loud and extremely excited when she told him what had just happened. Her mom called her imagination overactive, but then at a picnic for her primary school, she kept a porcelain plate from smashing onto picnic table in the same fashion, and this time both her parents had seen it, and had ushered her home, her in the backseat talking non-stop about how what was happening to her. A few months after her eleventh birthday, a tawny owl had landed on her mailbox with an envelope sealed with a red seal bearing the Hogwarts crest. Her gaze moved upward to the windows, looking through thin cranberry curtains that always made their appearance when October came in its full fall glory, A bright light shown in high window above small garage that looked like it was tucked into the house: the window that looked into her old room. A shadow moved across the lit brightness, her heart beat shuttered inside her as she watched the shadow move to where she knew her bed was just behind the window, watching the shadowed figure of the woman move to sit down onto the mattress. Hermione's breath hung in her throat, caught between heartbeats, watching her mum move around her bedroom until her shadow disappear from the light. From where she stood on the street she couldn't see her mum's face, but she saw her messy hair in a shadowed blob above her head. Something felt like it was melting inside her, something that she had frozen inside to survive what she had to survive. And suddenly she was too far away from the house, from the light of that small room. A pop that mirrored a fire cracker going off echoed behind her; the air grew heavy with a far off burning smell for just one second. Somewhere from a cluster of fur trees came quick steps moving through the grass of the neighboring yard. The figured then moved quickly to the sidewalk, the shape of a man, not much older than her, dressed in black wool, a pair of round glasses hiding green eyes, a mop of dark hair. The quiet sound of Harry's boots crunched over the partially dried leaves on the sidewalk beside the neat white wood paneled two story house. Light streamed from the windows, a buttery yellow under the glow of dimmer street lamp midway in the yard. Harry stood next to her, watching the way she stood staring at the house. "You okay?" He cast his eyes down briefly to her stomach, then back up to her face silhouetted in the glow of the streetlamp. "I'm fine," she acknowledged his question but did not take her eyes off the house. A porch light came on, and then came sound of a dog barking. Something inside her tugged – she had never had a dog before, it must have been after. Harry reached and set a hand on her arm. "It'll be alright-" "I cast such a tangle of spells, I made it as infallible as I could-" She turned away from the house, her dark eyes hanging with the emotions that clung to her like a cold mist "what if they don't remember me?" Her voice trembled with a disbelief. "What if after all this time, I can't undo it?" "They'll remember-" Harry reached up and set a hand against the side of her face. "There your mum and dad Hermione-" he felt her nod for the briefest of moments under his hand before he moved it down, pulling her hand into his "Come on," he tugged her towards the small gate in the fence, holding it open as they both passed through it. Their feet crunched on the layer of snow underfoot, the breeze began to pick up, setting the wooden swing to sway gently. Their shoes crunched over dead leaves in the yard as they walked past the streetlamp marking the midway point, Hermione's grip on his hand became tighter as drew closer and closer to the house. The dog barking grew louder. The front door opened and a small white terrier with roan and chocolate colored spots shot out into the yard at a whizzing run, barking like it thought it was a much bigger dog, growling and snapping at them as they approached, until a voice stopped it. "Hugo! Enough! —what the devil is it! -" Hermione stopped walking so suddenly that Harry's shoulder collided against hers. Standing on steps outside the green painted door of the house was a man dressed down in a gray sweat shirt and jeans. He was looking out over the yard with cautious eyes because of Hugo's, barking. These were the same eyes that Hermione had last seen wrapped up in a foggy, but contradictory haze behind a double-sided mirror at St Mugos Muggle Spell Reversal Ward. He argued with Healer that he wasn't bloody ill and to release him and his wife, Eura, back home to Sydney before he called Amnesty International. Hermione had stood there, and watched this from behind a two-way mirror, her heartbeat hammering against her ribs. She had been advised to not reveal herself to her parents too early. Because it would cause too much of a rush in their memories, because it could fracture them to know that they had a daughter, a witch daughter, presumed dead in a massive war. But, she had received an owl message from the head Healer at the Muggle Spell Reversal Ward three days ago stating they had finally managed to undo all the Oblivation spells she had set upon her parents. But that they also warned her, that there had never been a witch or wizard who had attempted to confound Muggle memories with such a massive number of spells. Yes, they had been able to reverse them, but the residual effects on her parents' minds could leave them with permanent memory loss. But her dad was standing in front of her now. No two-way mirror, no Healers from St. Muggo's with wands, casting hopeless glances at the Muggle parent of the 18-year old daughter who had jinxed him into oblivion. Instead, he looked out over the lawn for a burglar or solicitor he suspected caused the little dog at his feet to be on edge about. Hugo barked again, louder, catching the smell of people it had never known, taking off in a second mad sprint across the snow dampened lawn. "Hugo, stop!" Mr. Granger ran after the little dog. "There's nothing there boy!" His running stopped when he saw both Harry and Hermione standing there on the lawn. Harry heard the moment Hermione's breath stopped. The same moment of clarity came over Mr. Granger's gaze, like the layer ice cracking over a frozen river at the sight of the girl, the 18-year-old woman, standing in front of him with eyes like his own. "Hermione?-" The world spun around Hermione at the sound of her name. All the fear she had been holding onto for months that nothing would reverse what she had done, that she had turned herself into an orphan by conscious choice, it evaporated in a rush, a gasp of disbelief as she broke away from Harry and ran across the remaining distance of the yard. "Hermione-!" Peter Granger ran out across the lawn, meeting his daughter out in the snow, her arms flinging up around his neck. Peter threw his arms up around her back, squeezing her in a hug that pushed all the air out of her lungs, shouting out towards the house "Lucinda!" He turned to back to Hermione " Where have you been, love?" his voice was thick with tears, gathering massive amounts of his daughter's frame up against his gray sweats, pulling her back to hold her face with his hands "Where did you go-!?" Hermione's face was soaked in tears, dripping off her chin. "I'm sorry –daddy I'm so sorry-" she buried her face in her father's sweatshirt, clawing her hands up his back. "Peter-?" the front door slammed like an echo and a woman in jeans and an old sweater ran across the lawn. "Peter, what is it, what's wrong? -" Lucinda Granger's call fell away when she saw the scene on her front lawn. Her hands flew up to her mouth, a gasp left her, tangling its way in her fingers. Tears fell in a rush down her face, she ran the rest of the way across the lawn reaching her husband at the streetlamp, "Hermione-?" she said her daughter's name like it was a wish on a birthday cake candle that she had given up believing would come true. Hermione pulled away from her father with a gasp at the sight of her mother standing there, and herself at her mother— "Baby-" Lucinda's arms hung for just a moment in shock, before sobs overtook her and she threw her arms around her daughter. "oh, thank you god, thank you god! -" she pulled Hermione back and kissed her all over her damp face, then gathered