A/N: I know that this is quite surprising for many of you. But yes, I truly am going to try writing down a SolAngelo Fanfiction. As many of my KNB Fanfictions' readers/reviewers know, I am indeed into shounen-ai/yaoi/boyxboy. I'm a certified hardcore fujoshi, who likes bringing justice to her OTPs even if many others like making these OTPs of mine some sadistic fate. Honestly, I am a sadist, to my OTPs, myself. Alright, I'll stop blabbering now. I just want to say that this will be my first ever Percy Jackson and the Olympians' and Heroes of Olympus' fanfiction. And I am not going to choose any of those well-known pairings others like. When it comes to boyxgirl relationship, I always prefer writing novels [my own plots and characters] instead of fanfictions. But I chose fanfictions when it comes to my favorite boyxboy pairings. Hahahaha! Oh well, let's see how well I'll do with this one. Warning: I do not own PJO or HoO. Second warning: BoyXBoy, Rated 'T'. SolAngelo : Will Solace and Nico di Angelo. Third and last warning: I am quite forgetful, and might mess up some of the flashbacks I'll use in this fanfiction. ENJOY, AND PLEASE LEAVE A REVIEW! LFMH021 " Soldatino" Summary: Right after Gaea's defeat, everything was turning peacful. Everyone in both camps is doing his best to make their new OTP Will and Nico together. It was going well…until a new Apollo demigod [Mikhail] who seemed to have a history with Nico appeared. How would the Nico's overprotective family/friends react? Wait, how would Will react? [W/some SolAngelo drabbles] Read&Review! Chapter One: Fluffy Nico di Angelo NICO DI ANGELO No one was entirely sure how, but Will was able to make Nico di Angelo, the Ghost King, himself, eat something healthy instead of just ordering something from McDonalds. Yet, nobody could help himself from chuckling when you see the latter's face upon eating that garden of green in front of him. "Stop making such a face. Know that I am only making you eat that vegetable salad for your own good. Eating junk food is not healthy." Will scolded as he sat beside Nico in the Hades' table. Chiron used to set a rule that stated that no one could sit on another's cabin table if it wasn't about an important matter, but after so many things that had happened. It wasn't as if anyone would regard that rule anymore. Even Chiron, himself, sometimes, sat on one of the cabin tables to chat with few campers. Nico stabbed a lettuce leaf, and then spread lots of dressing on top before half-heartedly eating it. His mouth opening, and closing like a goat [satyr] to somehow make Will feel a little bit uncomfortable. "I am not making any new face? I really look like this, alright? I just really hate," he paused, and glared at the tomato. "healthy food." He finished, and pushed the tomato to the plate's side. "Oh no, Death Boy, you're going to eat that tomato. It's part of the package." Will grumbled as he finished his own lunch. "See? It wasn't that bad." With a smug expression, Nico sighed, and quickly finished his salad by using water to push it down his throat. "Finally." He grunted. The war against Gaea has just finished almost a week ago. Nico, himself, was surprised days ago to be dragged towards the infirmary right after arriving back in Camp Half-Blood. He tried so many times to escape, but it seemed that Lou Ellen and Cecil also took part on making him stay on the camp's infirmary for three days. Lou Ellen casted a spell on his room, so that it would glow when he tried to escape. Since it was a busy week, Will only get to visit him thrice everyday on those three-day rest of his. Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner. He tried his best to look nonchalant but he couldn't keep the fact that he was always glancing at his room's door back then to see if Will had arrived to visit him. He also pretended he wanted to push the infirmary's 'doctor' away, because he hated contact, but was actually just trying to keep the skeletal butterflies in his stomach back to their place. Right after being discharged from the too-bright-for-his-eyes infirmary, he was glad to be back on his own cabin yesterday. He was, actually, quite disappointed that their connection would end yesterday. He didn't expect a ranting Will Solace outside his cabin earlier today when he slept in, and skipped breakfast. Right now, he was being forced something healthy like he usually ate back in the infirmary. And, damn, did he hate the taste. "Can I now eat some meat?" He grumbled at the Apollo's son across him. Will hummed in thought, before nodding. "You can. But eat some rice, and bread too." He answered with a grin. Rolling his eyes, Nico finally grabbed some barbecued meat, three spoon of rice, and three slices of bread into his plate before digging in. His cheeks reddened a little bit upon realizing that Will was staring at him across the table. He swallowed the food in his mouth, and glared at the blond. "Quit staring at me. I hate being stared at." Apollo's son blinked, and looked away with a sheepish smile. "Uh, sorry. I was just…uh…making sure you were chewing your food properly or you'll…uh, choke." Will mumbled. "I'm not as gluttonous as Percy, thank you very much." He complained, and resumed eating. He yelped out a, "Ooomph!" as an arm wrapped around his neck. He looked up and saw a grinning Percy behind him. "Let me go! I'm eating!" He complained, and tried to squirm away. He was, honestly, thinking that things would be a little awkward between the two of them since his confession days ago, but he was surprised when Percy made a bump-fist with him yesterday after being discharged. The latter said that everything was cool between them. Nico blinked when he realized that it wasn't just Percy who had arrived to his table. Even Annabeth, Piper and Jason (he took a little rest from making shrines and going back and forth from both cabins today) were there. "We have a little surprise!" Piper announced as she covered his eyes. He heard Will chuckle. "Oh, I see." The blond mumbled. He waved his arms in the air in protest. "Let me go. Please know I have my own hands to cover my eyes. And I am hungry." He grunted. "Wow, he sure is grumpy today. What exactly happened?" Jason asked with a laugh. He continued on struggling, but Piper just wouldn't let him go. He tried to push her away, but to his surprise, she turned stronger, and now could somehow stop his attempts from spoiling his surprise. "Vegetable salad happened." He answered. "More like you're hungry. You're surprisingly super grumpy when you're famished." Will corrected with a 'Liar-I-know-the-truth' kind of tone, which kind of both pissed him off, and made him flattered. "Oh, you're surprises are here!" Annabeth exclaimed. Piper chuckled. "Okay, I'll let you see your surprises now, alright? Don't freak out." She said, and slowly uncovered his eyes. His eyes widened upon seeing Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang and Reyna Ramirez in front of him. They were all wearing their Camp Jupiter T-shirts. He quickly left his seat, and hugged Hazel. "You're here." He mumbled as she hugged him back. Pluto's daughter giggled. "Yup. After taking some rests, we began to feel bored having nothing to do in Camp Jupiter, so we decided on visiting Camp Half-Blood. We'll be staying here for, maybe, a week, as we talk about the two camps' alliance. Chiron, himself, has visited us in our camp to take us here. It's a very splendid camp." She commented. Hazel, then cupped both of Nico's cheeks. "You're finally looking better." She added, and kissed his cheek. "I've missed you." Blushing a little, he nodded. "I've missed you too." He replied, and finally looked up at his surrogate Camp Jupiter sister, Reyna, who has those tender eyes as she looked back at him. "Reyna." He greeted, and gave in as the said praetor embraced him. "I—ACTUALLY—CAN'T—BREATHE." He huffed. She smiled, and released him before examining his features. "You do look better. Thank gods." She whispered, and turned towards the others. In just matters of minutes, the Hades' table was filled with laughter, chattering and playful fights. He was about to resume eating when new occupants of his table had tackled him from behind. He blinked upon seeing Lou Ellen, and Cecil grinning at him. "Hey." They greeted, and sat beside Will, who seemed like he was, somehow, feeling out of place. After finishing his lunch, he glanced at Will, who was staring at him. Ignoring his thumping heart, he waved a hand in front of the blond's face. "Are you okay, Will?" The said guy blushed, then nodded with a smile. "Yep. Never better." He exclaimed, and grabbed their plates. "Uh, do you want some dessert?" He looked at his empty plate. "Sure." He answered, and stood up at the same time as the other. "I'll get it." Yes, he was, indeed, desperate to calm the skeletal butterflies in his stomach right now. Will shook his head, and tried to grab their plates first. "No, you might get more than your body needs. I'll get it for us." He protested. Nico grabbed his empty plate, and backed away from the forwarding son of Apollo. He narrowed his eyes, and protected his plate. "No, I'll get it." Will sighed. "Death Boy, let me get them. Doctor's orders." "I'm not falling for that, Sunshine. I'll get it." Will advanced, and without particular reason, Nico tripped with something behind his left foot. He was about to fall on his butt when the former grabbed his hand, and pulled him up. "Whoa, that was close." Will breathed as he stood Nico to his ground. "That would definitely hurt if I really fell. Thanks, Sun—" He was cut off when he looked up, and realized it was a pretty bad idea especially when Will was also looking down at him. Their eyes met, and they just stared at each other in shock. Nico's heart was hammering inside his chest, and if they were inside somewhere really quiet, he was pretty sure that anyone could hear how fast and loud his heart rate was. It was the campers loud "Awwwwww" that brought the two back in reality. Will released him, and he quickly took steps backwards. Everyone's eyes were in them, and he badly wanted to shadow-travel when the son of Apollo grabbed his arm. "No, you don't. Come on, we're going to get some ice cream in the Big House." His cheeks burnt when he realized that the hand that Will used was glowing as the blond held his arm. He didn't know, but as he knew, Will only glowed when he was healing or feeling a very tremendous emotion. He badly wanted to believe it was the latter. But his pessimistic mind was choosing the first option. *LINEBREAK, PEOPLE. LINEBREAK* Days passed, and he was so bored. He was just roaming around the camp when he heard Will's voice from somewhere in the woods. He took lights steps, and watched from behind a tree as Will taught some new campers how to draw an arrow. As he saw the son of Apollo's smile, he, himself, couldn't help smiling as well. He was about to turn back around when he was surprised to see Cecil in front of him "Hi!" He greeted with a mischievous grin. That was when everyone that was practicing to shoot an arrow turned, and looked at his direction. Just when he wanted to go back in his Cabin quietly. Nico, and his misfortunes. When he was about to grumble at Cecil, the ever-silent-as-thief son of Hermes, Cecil, was gone. All he could do was