Sticky Fingers Disclaimer: I do not own The Lord of the Rings or any characters within, nor do I make any money from this. WARNING : This is rated M for a reason --there are DubCon/NonCon themes throughout. This is dark and not my usual fluffy fare. Please don't read if anything along these lines is offensive to you and/or you are under 18. Thanks! The first thing one tended to notice about the councilor of the King of Rohan, aside from his unsettling blue eyes and snarled black hair, were his hands. At least, that was what Eowyn always saw; to her eyes, they looked to be two ghostly spiders meeting and retreating in some grotesque dance, always wringing and pinching and scuttling over the King's armrest. Wherever they went, venomous treachery followed, and fallowed everything it touched. The man brought to mind all manner of skittering and stalking creepy-crawlers. He was a hissing snake, a stooped and opportunistic vulture, a pale and wriggling maggot that fed on the carrion of her country's pride, her uncle's sanity, her own happiness. What was worse, he was a scavenger who grew ever more bold, who sought to graduate from picking corpses to picking whom would be the corpse. She refused to be his next victim, but ever was she the target. This day, as the warrior-maiden slew her morning sausages with particular vehemence, she noted something else; his fingers were perpetually stained with ink. The sable liquid seemed to ooze from his flesh like oily sap from a gnarled old tree, and she fancied that his very blood was as black as the parchment-pitch he could not--or perhaps would not--wash away. The color was caked thick beneath his nails; a stray sunbeam, having fought its way through the curtains in the dining hall, revealed the ink to have a purplish sheen that made her stare just a tic too long. "My Lady," purred the Worm, his guttural fawning making her stomach churn. Curling his filthy fingers around the stem of his wine goblet, he clenched his digits tightly as if to strangle it. Suddenly his touch gentled, and transformed into a soothing caress as he raised the cup to his twitching lips, tickling the cold metal as though it were the downy white throat of a lover--indeed, her own throat, and the wine he drank so deeply of, her own essence. Scandalized by the blatant gesture, she glanced up sharply to meet his eyes in affront; he smirked back, and she realized all at once that she had played right into those wretched hands, had watched his movements with rapt interest (albeit with a healthy dose of disgust to temper it). Furious, Eowyn shoved back from the table; with her dear cousin dead and her beloved brother banished, the only witnesses to her fruitlessly frightening display were her uncle and his sniveling schemer. The King did not rouse from his unnatural slumber. The advisor did not relent in his unwanted attentions. As the Princess readied herself for another night of disquieted dreaming, she caught sight of something stuck beneath the ivory-and-silver box where she kept her mother's ornate hair combs; rarely did she wear them, but often did she hold them up to the light and smile at the memory of their sparkling adornment to her mother's sun-streaked tresses. The box was tucked away behind a jumble of other overly feminine odds and ends, all equally unused; none but she would think to tuck a treasure there. And yet, as she edged the pretty things out of the way and peeled from the tabletop a piece of unfamiliar paper, her heart stammered and her mind recoiled from the hideous truth; her not-so-secret admirer had left her a letter. What was written within, she could hardly say. All she could remember of it, as she sat by the hearth and watched the note burn, was the elegant script written in long strokes of purplish-black ink. "My Lady," the Worm simpered beseechingly from his perch at her uncle's side, "what might coax a smile back onto your lovely visage? I fear your fair temperament has fled like a startled doe, and in its place is naught but sadness." Eowyn scowled darkly at her lap but refused to take his bait. Her temperament was never fair when he was nearby. ' He mocks me, the odious fiend… ' "Surely you must know how it pleases His Highness to see you in good humor, especially in these trying times…is this not so, my King?" Théoden nodded dumbly, slowly; only the scratching of his bristle-beard against his heavy cloak indicated that he had moved at all. The sight of her once healthy and hale uncle writhing under the Worm's invisible puppeteer's strings was too much to bear. Eowyn slammed her fists down on the table with a bang; her frustration boiled ever higher when the wraith clinging to the King's side did not so much as blink. " You ," she snarled, "are an infection, a blight! My uncle's right hand is gangrenous, and soon he will cut you away, offending hanger-on that you are. Traitorous leech!" Chest heaving, she stood up straighter and glared down her nose at the man she hated above all else--save perhaps the mysterious master who bade him destroy her homeland from within. The Worm trailed his chilling gaze over her form, making no attempt to hide his regard; and when she opened her mouth to rail at him further, he steepled his long, bony fingers in front of his mouth and waited with the patience of a shark watching its fatally-bitten prey bleed out. The smudges on his hands were decidedly blue today. Feeling the indignation leave her in a nearly audible whoosh , the Princess hurried back to her rooms, her arms prickled into gooseflesh. She read the note this time. Anything that could find its way into the hidden drawer behind her dresser warranted at least that much. The text was etched in a velveteen shade of navy, but the meaning within the words was fiery crimson with ardor, a twisted sort of love that disgusted her to the marrow. It sickened her to know this man imagined her in ways she hated and that she could not make him stop, could not control the content of his assuredly wicked thoughts. Within his own head, and ever-increasingly within the walls of her own home, he was safe to fantasize as he pleased. She did not feel safe anywhere anymore--not even in her own bedchamber. A week later, she awoke to a gray and dismal sky that matched her mood. Turning down the covers to brave the frigid flagstone floor, Eowyn reached for the pitcher of warm water left by her handmaiden to wash her face. When she saw the greasy greenish smear on the handle, she threw the pitcher against the wall, bolted the door, and went back to bed. Only a written edict from the King--in a too-tidy scrawl she suspected was not his own--could force Eowyn from her room, and she ignored the Worm's imploring inquiries after her well-being. ' Interrogating me, ha! He knows more about me than I do, ' she mused morosely. Her refusal to engage him in any fashion seemed only to goad him to greater heights. Over the course of the following few weeks, Eowyn found a new letter each day, sometimes more than one in a single evening, all stashed in places only she ought to know of. All were destroyed without a second thought. The Worm's hands bore the evidence of his labors in a myriad of hues that, on another's palm, might have been a rainbow--but on his pallid skin, all the Princess saw was a muddy rut in a road, a rotting carcass, a trampled flower. He always, only , brought to mind horrific things. When she found a rather lengthy-looking folded sheaf of parchment under the thin dress she had laid out to wear to bed, Eowyn flung both letter and silken shift into the fire and slept naked, shivering despite the heat of the furs piled high over her head. She wrote him a note this time, short and sweet: Leave me be. Addressing the plea--' command, ' she thought fiercely-- to the one called 'Wormtongue' in slashing, slanting characters, the Princess dropped the creased page in the middle of the woven rug at the foot of her bed. ' Let him kneel down and fetch it, ' she grinned spitefully to herself. When her heart skipped a beat at the sight of her empty floor upon her return that evening, Eowyn refused to understand any implications behind the unruly muscle's behavior other than ' good riddance. ' And just like that, the notes stopped. ' Yet still his hands are dirty, ' the Princess sneered askance at him after the third letter-less night. ' What does he write, I wonder, when his goal is not to torment the innocent? ' Unbidden, Eowyn observed that her idle thoughts sounded much like those a woman spurned might have. A quick trip through the southern hall became much quicker when she heard the subtle sounds of careful footfalls in her wake. After that, all forays were an exercise in running-while-pretending-to-walk. She soon learned that shaded spots were to be avoided at all costs: cold stares and hot breath burned alike from within the protective cover of darkness. The days seemed to grow shorter, and the nights dragged on eternally. The moonlight cast illusions of unblinking eyes and grasping, tinted fingers at every turn. Sometimes it was just her imagination--and sometimes it was not. Eowyn awoke so early that the sun had not yet risen. Or maybe it had, but she could no longer see its light or feel its warmth… The thought was troubling in a way no one ought to experience. She could not see, and so her hearing sharpened--and zeroed in on his quiet breathing, regular and deep. She wished he would wheeze, or choke, or gargle, give some sign that he was unwell and would soon die and set herself, her uncle, her entire country, free. He sounded fit enough, damn him. Somehow she fell asleep once more, listening to the steady rhythm of him scenting the air for her--tasting her without touching her, on the tip of his serpent's tongue. The next time she was roused too soon, it was to the retreating echo of a rumbling by her left ear. What villainous slime he had been pouring into her sleeping brain, she had no way of knowing. After a time, his murmurings became tolerable; understandably so, as he was the only one who really spoke to her anymore. The clammy coolness of his palm, slick with what she would call longing for the unattainable and what he would call anticipation of victory, jarred her from her rest and seared the softness of her neck where her hair could not hide it from his reach. That morning Eowyn discovered a thumbprint on the tender hollow above her collarbone, a love-bite of ink made with neither lips nor love, a bruise that was healed only with much scrubbing. The Worm took the sight of her throat, red and raw, in stride. A rustling noise drew Eowyn's attention to her locked door, but in the dimness beyond the candle's light she could not see what had made the sound. Who was never in question. Darting over, she snatched up the object the had been slipped beneath the wooden barrier--a flat sheet of vellum--and leapt back onto her bed as though afraid a monster would rake at her legs from the darkness. She held the page up to the flickering flame and was met with an image of her own face. The likeness was not remarkable, and was obviously the work of a man whose talents as a word-smith did not translate into artistic ability, but