A/N: This sequel is the first of what I hope to be a series of one-shots and shorter stories following on from Heart of the Horselord. It's AU, EomerOC, and while you probably don't have to read that to follow this, I'm not sure how much sense some of this will make without the background of the earlier story. This details the wedding night, and picks up at the end of Horselord. Lisswyn, newly crowned queen of the Riddermark, slipped from their private sitting room into the bedchamber and closed the door. Leaning against it, she gave an unsteady laugh. The confused look on Eomer's face when she'd suddenly stood and told him to wait for her had been beyond price. But she'd known the passion between them was escalating, and that if she really intended Eomer to see the nightgown she'd made specifically for tonight, she needed to don it soon. Turning, and ignoring the huge bed claiming most of the space in the room, she walked over to the wardrobe, one of two in the chamber. This one had been empty until that morning, when her belongings had been placed in it. As she pulled out the nightgown, her humor faded to nervousness, and she slowly turned back, stared at the bed. She'd been too worried about the wedding to be nervous about the wedding night – at least until Eomer had steered her out of the great hall. The bed was so big. But then, it probably needed to be. Eomer was big and well built. She swallowed. Why, exactly, was she nervous? She trusted Eomer, wanted what was about to happen with all of her heart. It wasn't that she didn't know what to expect. Liffild and Ceolwyn had made certain of that, repeating things her mother and Maegwen had told her long ago – primarily, that she had nothing to fear from a man who loved her. Was it just that she didn't know what she was doing, then? Maybe, but her trust in Eomer lessened that aspect of things, as well. They'd been through too much to be impatient with each other in this. No, the nerves were simply an acknowledgement of how important their physical joining was – a final acknowledgement and declaration of the love they'd grown into, demonstrated in a willingness to share all that they were with each other. She looked again at the bed, imagined Eomer sprawled there, and the nerves faded, replaced by longing and desire. She quickly stripped out of her wedding gown, hung it carefully in the wardrobe before slipping the nightgown over her head. Shivering, as the fire in the room was banked and the gown, made of lightweight ivory silk, wasn't designed for warmth, she smoothed the material over her hips. A cross between a proper dress and a shift, the gown hung only to mid-calf, leaving her lower legs exposed. Although loose enough to slip over her head, the gown also opened down the front, secured by gold ribbons. Sleeveless, more ribbons secured the shoulders. She gently touched some of the embroidery that ran down its sides. She'd made the gown as a gift for Eomer, but now, looking at it, she wondered if he would understand its significance. He was a man, after all, and while he would probably realize that its design allowed easy access, it was doubtful he'd see the effort she'd gone to to make it. She took a deep breath, looked at the bed again. And smiled. She knew the gown to be a gift from her to him, even if he didn't. Turning, she walked back over to the door, and felt the nerves reappear as she opened it. It was one thing to look forward to giving herself physically to Eomer, one thing to design the nightgown for simple removal. It was an altogether different thing to present herself to him so exposed. The gown revealed far more than it covered. Peeking around the door, she saw him standing by the fire, his back to her. He turned, and some of the nerves faded, banished by the expression of love and longing she saw on his face. She took a deep breath, and stepped through the door, then simply stood there, waiting. Unsure. His gaze stayed locked on hers for a long moment before traveling down her body. She saw him tense, but when he once more met her eyes, the love there still overpowered the hunger visible on his face. "It's beautiful." Realizing he meant the gown, something inside her eased. He walked over to her, took her hand, brought it to his mouth. "And so are you." Lisswyn smiled, nerves completely banished, and reached for him. He lowered his head, met her kiss as he slipped his hands around her waist. So thin was the material, she could feel the rough texture of his calloused hands gently rubbing across her back, as well as the velvet of his tunic abrading her breasts. He lifted his head, moved her hair and nuzzled against her neck, and unexpected heat rushed through her body, despite her distance from the fire. In one smooth motion, Eomer scooped her into his arms and carried her back into the bedchamber and across the room to the bed. One of the household staff had turned the covers back, and he carefully laid her down and pulled them over her before turning to close the door and tend the fire. Lisswyn curled on her side and watched him. She wasn't sure she needed the covers. Just seeing him moving around the room left her body feeling heated and oversensitive. He returned to the bed, and in the shadows, kept his eyes on hers as he stripped out of his clothes and slipped into the bed. He'd bent over to pull off his leggings and boots, eclipsing the part of him she was most interested in seeing, and she thought about protesting. Then his bare legs brushed against hers as he rolled to face her, propped on one elbow, and she lost track of what she'd been ready to complain about. Beneath the covers, he was naked, and she was nearly so. The heat was back, and he wasn't even touching her. He corrected that, and brought his hand up to cup her cheek for a moment before sliding it down to rest against her throat. Leaning over, he brushed her lips with a kiss. "I would very much like to see the gift you've so carefully wrapped for me." Her mind was fogged, and it took a moment to understand what he meant, and she nodded, swallowing. He had fully understood the nightgown, after all. He pulled the covers back, and then slowly began to untie the ribbons. When he got to the one between her breasts, he rested his hand over her heart for a moment, apparently feeling the frantic beat. "Are you frightened?" His voice was hesitant, his expression troubled when he looked up, and she rushed to reassure him. Only it was so hard to get the words out. "No. No, not at all." He stared at her for a long moment, then slowly smiled. Taking her hand, he placed it over his heart, and she grinned back in response to the equally frantic beat coming from beneath the warm skin. Resuming untying the ribbons, he deliberately brushed the side of her breast, and Lisswyn shivered in reaction. Through the material, her nipples were visible as hard points, and it had nothing to do with the chill in the room. He pushed the covers further down, below her hips, though they remained draped at his waist, and finished undoing the rest of the ribbons before looking up, meeting her eyes again. He kept them focused on her as he moved the material apart and slowly slid his hand up her bare body – over her torso to between her breasts, where he once again left it resting against her heart. He was being so unhurried about everything. So slow. If not for her hand still resting against his chest, feeling his heart beating as fast as hers, she could almost have assumed he was relaxed. Almost. He was still on his side, propped on his elbow, and now that hand slipped under her to cup the back of her head as he leaned over to kiss her. Lisswyn took the opportunity to smooth her fingers across his chest, over the warm muscles and through the light sprinkling of hair. So engrossed was she in the pleasure of finally being able to explore his chest the way she'd long wanted that she was nearly distracted from his kiss. Nearly. She focused on one of his nipples, and he broke off the kiss and buried his face in her shoulder on a choked laugh. Pleased with his response, Lisswyn was about to resume her teasing when he eased back up, took her hand and firmly moved it away from him to rest at her waist. Before she could react, he nuzzled her cheek for a moment then turned to begin tracing her collarbones with his fingers. With light touches, he continued exploring, moving ever closer to her breasts. Then he stopped, so suddenly she looked at him in consternation. "Eomer?" Following his glance, she saw he was staring at one of the scars on her breasts. Hunlaf. Pushing away her frustration at the intrusion – had she not known Eomer would react to the scars? – she cupped his cheek, forced his eyes to meet hers. " You are all I remember of that night." At his frown of confusion, she continued, "What it felt like when I heard your voice behind us, and knew you were there. And later, when you came to me, and I knew it was over, and then when you told me you loved me. He doesn't have the power to hurt me because all I remember from that night is your love. Don't let him hurt you." Even in the dim light, she saw his eyes darken with emotion. "I hate that he scarred you." "It's only a surface scar, and means nothing in comparison to what you've given me." Reaching up, she touched the scar on his shoulder from the poisoned orc arrow. "I am not the only one he scarred." Turning, he took her hand, once more kissed her fingers. Then lowered his hand, gently cupped her breast, stroked the scar with his thumb. The warm, calloused touch sent the heat rushing through her again, and Lisswyn squirmed in spite of herself. Eomer almost seemed not to notice, as he sought out each of the scars, gently touched them. Then he lowered his head, kissed them, one by one. Love for how he was trying to undo the damage Hunlaf had inflicted, and desire from his touch stormed through her, and she groaned in frustration. Then, almost as if by accident, his hand brushed her nipple. Lisswyn arced off the bed. "Eomer!" He looked up, grinned, and she was relieved to see the anguish over her scars clearing from his eyes, replaced by what could only be mischief. Moving to cup her other breast, he deliberately tweaked the nipple, then rubbed his thumb over it, and she closed her eyes, allowed the feelings simply to move through her. Until she felt the warmth of his mouth cover her, begin tugging gently on the hardened flesh. Squirming against him, afraid he'd stop, afraid he'd never continue with whatever came next, she ran her hands up his arms, gently touched his chest, needing more of him, needing…him. Just him. He finally lifted his head, but before she could register the loss of attention from her breasts, she felt his hand, warm against the skin of her stomach and gradually, oh, so gradually, moving lower, until that warmth came to rest against the juncture of her