A/N: This is a sequel to my AU story, Heart of the Horselord. I'm not sure it will make much sense to anyone unfamiliar with that work. A/N2: My apologies that it's taken so long to post any sequels to Horselord. That had not been my intention when I finished it last spring, but then life interfered in a number of ways. This is primarily about Brynwyn and is a bit of fluff, but there's another installment nearly ready which will be along in a few weeks or so. This takes place four weeks or so after the end of Horselord. Never Alone "There." Lisswyn moved the little rocking chair over beneath the window, then stood back and looked around the room. "Won't it be nice to have so much more space to play when Jocosa comes to visit?" Brynwyn nodded and looked around the room. Accustomed to the small cottages of the village, the room had seemed large to her even before Hilde's few belongings had been removed. Now, despite the new chest and the rocking chair, it was simply enormous. "Liffild needs Hilde more than we do, right now." Her sister's voice was soft, and Brynwyn met her eyes, nodded again. The young widow had taken her infant son and moved into one of the little cottages belonging to Meduseld, and Hilde had gone with her to assist her. Brynwyn understood that. She also understood how privileged she was to be living in Meduseld, and to have such a big room, all to herself. But… "Did you thank Marshal Elfhelm for the chair?" Lisswyn asked. A little insulted by the question – of course she'd thanked him – Brynwyn simply nodded again, then went over to stroke the arm of the rocking chair. It was just her size, sanded so smooth it barely seemed made of wood, and he'd carved tiny flowers along the top. It was the loveliest thing anyone had ever given her, and she truly did love it. But it seemed lonely in the big room. Knowing what was expected of her, she sat down, started the chair rocking, and then looked up to smile at her sister. Lisswyn was busy enough, or distracted enough, that it must have been convincing, because she smiled in return. "Good. I'm going to check and see if Liffild and Hilde are getting settled. Would you like to come with me, or are you going to stay here? I thought perhaps Jocosa might be able to come up for a while this afternoon." "I'll wait for her." Though Brynwyn didn't know if Jocosa would come or not. Sometimes the other girl had chores she had to help her mother with, such as keeping an eye on her younger brothers. Someday – hopefully soon – Lisswyn would have a baby she'd need Brynwyn's help with. Her sister left, and Brynwyn sat back in the chair, but didn't rock it again. Her gaze shifted over to the bed, and she shivered. It was a big bed – had been big enough for her, Hilde and Lisswyn to sleep in when they'd first come to Meduseld. And now she'd be in it all by herself. Evening came, and she put off going to bed as long as possible. But finally, when Lisswyn had spoken sharply to her, she'd known she couldn't delay any longer. It was as bad as she'd thought it would be. Lisswyn had already been in to say goodnight – the king, who sometimes came as well, was in a late meeting – and the room was as dark as it usually was. But tonight, there was no hope of Hilde coming in to share that darkness with her, no promise of the elderly woman's soft snoring to drive away the shadows. She curled up in the very middle of the bed, her back to the wall, and stared out toward the room that looked so different than it did during the day. Instead of contributing any real light, the banked fire cast weird, scary shadows, and this was the wrong side of Meduseld to catch any moonlight. She screwed her eyes closed, and tried to sleep. The village was burning, burning, and she was running, not knowing where to go to escape. There were orcs after her. Where was Lisswyn? Why had she left her alone, when she'd promised to never go? It didn't matter. She was alone, and the sound of the steps – odd that she could hear them over the noise of flames and screams of women coming from somewhere in the darkness – were coming closer. They were going to catch her. She stumbled, fell, scrabbled desperately to get back up— Brynwyn sat up, stifled the scream that wanted to erupt so that it came out as a whimper. They must not hear her. Shaking her head, she forced the fear back, away. She wasn't lost in the burning village. Wasn't being chased by orcs – or by the wildmen who'd actually attacked the village. But she was alone. Swallowing, she slowly pulled the blankets tighter around her. She was alone. Wasn't she? Barely moving, she slid her gaze to the darkest corner of the room, felt fear ball in her stomach again. There was something in the corner. Something that shouldn't be there. An orc? Her heart beating a hard rhythm, she tried to calm herself. She was in Meduseld. There were guards out at the main doors. She was safe. The king was asleep across the big hall, in the room he shared with Lisswyn. Wasn't he? The shadow in the corner seemed to move, and the fear in her came alive. She scrambled out of the bed, across the room and out into the hall, then stood there, trying to stifle the sound of her harsh breathing. Reason returned. There wasn't an orc in her chamber – she could hear the soft words of the door guards. No orc had slipped by them. But not for all the horses in the Riddermark could she go back into that room of weird shadows. What, then? Shame ruled out knocking on Lisswyn and Eomer-King's door. He thought she was brave, had told her so, any number of times. He wouldn't think so if he knew she was afraid to sleep by herself. Then it came to her, and resolutely, she turned, slipped into one of the corridors that led to a side exit of the building. It was cold outside, with autumn far progressed into winter, but the thick nightgown and bed socks she wore would keep her warm until she got where she was going. And there, no nightmares would chase her. Lisswyn had gone to bed, and Eomer was preparing to follow her when the soft knock came at the door to their sitting room. Puzzled, because there'd been no other sounds from the hall to suggest an emergency, he opened it – and was even more surprised to see Breghelm, his stable master, standing there. The other man wore a concerned, but not alarmed, look. "Breghelm?" "Will you come with me? There is something in the stables I need your assistance with." "Of course." Glad he hadn't yet undressed, Eomer stepped through the door, pulled it closed behind him. Breghelm had already started back through the hall, and figuring it was easier to follow him and find out what was going on than ask more questions, Eomer moved quickly after him. It was colder outside than he'd anticipated, making him wish he'd grabbed his cloak. Winter really was upon them – they'd probably see snow soon. And then he was following Breghelm back into the warmth of the stables. It was dark, save for a single lantern burning at the other end of the long row, across from Firefoot's stall. Even knowing that Breghelm would have said so if something was wrong with his horse, Eomer quickened his stride, relieved to see Firefoot's head poking out above the door. But it wasn't with his customary manner. Usually, his mount would be greeting him by now – whuffling or nickering to show he was glad to see him. Instead, Eomer reached the stall door only to have Firefoot bare his teeth. At him. His rider! Startled by the response, Eomer took an involuntary step back, then looked at Breghelm, who grimaced, perhaps in sympathy, before nodding again at the stall. What in Middle Earth was wrong with his horse? "Easy, boy," he said softly. "What's the matter? No one's going to hurt you." Continuing to murmur, he stepped forward again, grateful that Firefoot seemed to be relaxing. His own tension, however, returned fivefold when he looked over the stall door, and saw the small figure curled up against the far wall. Brynwyn! Glancing at Breghelm, he motioned for the other man to open the gate while he stroked Firefoot's neck and tried to sound as reassuring as possible. Once the gate was open, though, they were confronted with a different problem. Firefoot refused to leave. And that was when Eomer realized the horse was guarding the little girl. It wasn't unheard of, of course, for horses to do such a thing, but it was rare for a warhorse to guard anyone other than his rider. Shaking his head in disbelief, Eomer stared at his mount. "Everything is fine. I'm not going to hurt her," he finally said softly, feeling foolish. Firefoot appeared to consider him for a long moment, then snorted before allowing Breghelm to lead him out of the stall. Relieved, Eomer stepped into the vacated pen, his heart still running at speed. What had caused Brynwyn to do such a thing? He knew she liked Firefoot – and the feeling was apparently mutual – but had she no idea of how dangerous it could have been? If she'd startled the horse, and he'd accidentally stepped on her…he shuddered, too well aware of the unintentional damage hooves could do. He'd have to make it clear to her that she wasn't to enter the stall by herself, for any reason. But first things first – why had she done so tonight? Bending over, he saw she was shivering in her sleep. Dressed only in her nightgown, she'd pulled some hay around her in an effort to get warm, but the stable was drafty. He scooped her up in his arms and turned, deciding to take her into the tack room. Breghelm used the area as an office as well, and there'd be a brazier in there providing more warmth, as well as some saddle blankets. Firefoot snorted again as Breghelm led him past them back into his stall, but Eomer couldn't tell if it was a pleased sound or not. Once in the tack room, he grabbed a blanket and settled in Breghelm's chair, Brynwyn on his lap. She was awake, but pretending not to be, her face burrowed into his chest. Even wrapped in the blanket, she was still trembling, but was it with cold, or fear? "Tell me." He kept his voice even, began a gentle rocking motion. There was a long pause, but he waited her out. "The village was on fire. I was alone and an orc was in my room." She muttered the words, still burrowed into him, but Eomer caught them, and felt some of his tension release. Ah. A bad dream, then. And not a surprising one for her to have, really. "I see." His voice was still soft, reassuring. "Why didn't you come to Lisswyn or me?" Another long pause. "You thought I was brave." This time, he could barely hear the words. When he realized what she said, heard the past tense term she'd used and the shame in her voice, he closed his eyes as his heart took a punch. He'd known how much she looked up to him, how much his opinion of her seemed to matter, but it hurt