Hello! Nice to meet you!(says with a huge smile and tries to look good, but fails) It's my first Harry Potter fanfiction, and I decided to write about LEJP. Rated T. JUST IN CASE. I'm afraid the first chapter won't be that much fun, it's more of a starting point for the story. But I promise, pinky-swear, that it'll get better. So give this poor story a chance, please? Disclaimer : I don't Harry Potter. It belongs to J.K. Rowling. Now on with the story! Chapter 1 : Returning to Hogwarts Her eyes opened with a flutter. She looked at the clock, which read 7:00am. Perfect. Lily Evans was not well-known for waking up early, but today was an exception. It was the day that she would return to her beloved Hogwarts. She took a second to embrace the warmth of her bed, then kicked her blanket off her. It fell to the ground and was quickly placed back on to the bed, neatly. She made her way to the bathroom and stepped into the shower. After splashing water on her face, she started washing her hair. When she was done, she dried her hair with swish flick of her wand. She looked at her reflection in the mirror and she smiled widely. Lily got out and was greeted by her sister. "Why'd you take so long." Petunia croaked, her grumpy morning mood adding to her dislike of Lily. She frowned at the redhead, but this particular redhead was in a very good mood. Lily smiled brightly at her sister and apologized. She flounced back to her room and dressed into some decent clothes. She raced down the stairs and said her good-mornings to her parents. Just then, a sweet smell wafted into her nostrils, which made Lily look around for the source of this delicious aroma. She noticed the pancakes stack high on a plate. She sat on her chair and dug into the syrupy heaven. It was the homemade-batch-kind, not the ones made with store-selling pancake batter. "Mmmmmmm." she moaned. This day was starting out nicely. She cleared her platter and thanked her mother for the breakfast. "It was great!" she added. She went upstairs to gather all her things and organize them in her multiple suitcases. When she finished with this, it was 30 minutes to eleven. She grabbed the handles of her bags and walked down the stairs, careful so she would not fall. She spotted her father in the downstairs bathroom humming as he brushed his teeth. "Hurry up!" she rushed her him, who was taking his sweet time. In Lily's opinion, at least. "Daddy, I can't be late! It would be so embarrassing if the Head Girl was late, no?" Her father chuckled and assured Lily that they would get there on time. While her father finished up brushing his teeth, Lily checked her appearance in the mirror. "Lily dear! Be careful, all right? I'm sorry I can't go to the train station with you, I've got tea with Mrs. Lauren." Her mother apologized from the kitchen. Lily yelled back that it was alright. It was okay, she told herself. She was in 7th year, she didn't need her mum to follow her to the train station. But a small part of her was disappointed. Soon, Lily and her father were in the car and they were driving to the train station. For the most part of the car ride, the two were silent. Lily was excited to return to Hogwarts, but it was her last year and it gave her heart a pang of sorrow. She dismissed it right away and pinned her Head Girl badge to her chest. "Do you know who the head boy is?" Her father asked, breaking the silence. To be honest, he didn't care as long as the boy did not bother Lily. He hoped it was not the boy Lily kept telling him about, James Potter. She had told him that he was an immature, stuck-up, toe-rag. "No, but I hope he is a nice, smart boy." Lily replied. As far as she knew, there were no nice, smart boys in Griffindor. There were only ignorant bastards, like James Potter, for instance. The car came to a stop and when Lily looked out the windows, she could see that they have arrived at their destination. She got out of the car and walked briskly to purchase her ticket, her father walking side-by-side with her. The people working at the ticket booth were witches, so Lily did not get stares from them for asking for a 9 3/4 platform ticket. She stepped over to the pillar between platform 9 and platform 10. As she was about to say goodbye to her father, someone tapped on her shoulders. Lily turned around and found a messy haired boy with glasses. "Hello Lily." The boy said with a quirky grin. Lily recognized him as the ignorant bastard she was thinking of, just a few minutes ago. She stared at him and noticed that he had grown taller over the summer. He was definitely in shape, too, judging by his wide shoulders. Not that she noticed it, or anything. James turned to Lily's father. "You must be Mr. Evans. I'm James Potter, one of Lily's many, many friends from Hogwarts." James introduced himself and he took his hand out of his pocket. Mr. Evans peered suspiciously at James, but shook his hand. Lily could not believe that James, James Potter was introducing himself to her father. Who did he think he was? Lily glared at him and continued inspecting him. His hair had gotten a bit shorter and if it was possible, more chaotic. He had his chest puffed out slightly and Lily's eyes came to a stop at the badge pinned to James's chest. "You're head boy?" Lily exclaimed. No, this was probably one of his tricks and she was not falling for it. But the look on her face said otherwise. James promptly nodded. Nope, she was not buying this absurd crap. "Now, if you didn't notice, the train is leaving soon, so we must hurry." James announced. Lily looked at her watch. It was 10:56. The train left at 11. They had 4 minutes left. "Dad, I've got to go! I'm sorry! See you in a few months!" Lily cried out. She gave her father a hasty hug and she ran into the pillar. James went in after her. Lily got to the other side and did not hesitate to board the train. As she entered through the door, panting for breath, Professor McGonagall placed a firm hand on her shoulder. "Why are you running, Miss Evans? Heavens, you look like a hooligan." Professor McGonagall addressed Lily. Some of the younger kids snickered. James got in as well and stood next to Lily. "As you might be aware of, you two are the head boy and girl." she continued. "Wait, he wasn't joking?!" Lily asked, bewildered. Professor McGonagall nodded. "Oh Merlin." Lily muttered. "You two will follow me, we have quite a bit to discuss." Professor McGonagall finished and she walked away. Lily could do nothing but follow the teacher and shoot James glares which he happily returned with a smile. "Looks like we'll be working together this year." James whispered to her, putting emphasis on the word 'together.' Lily frowned, but muttered nothing in return. She peered inside the compartments as she passed them. There were many familiar faces and some gave her a small wave. Soon, Professor McGonagall came to a halt in front of a vacant compartment labeled 'Professors Only.' She went in and the two students followed. Professor McGonagall sat down and started lecturing them on the importance of the Head students and what they would do this year. Lily and James sat on the seats across the professor. The lecture went on and on, and while Lily was listening carefully, processing everything the professor said, James picked his fingernails. "Wait, we share dorms?" Lily burst out, interrupting Professor McGonagall. James, who had obviously not been paying attention, looked up from his fingers and stared at the professor. James smirked at Lily, and Lily thought it was kind of attractive, she would never admit that, though. "Yes, Miss Evans and Mr. Potter? Please close your mouth, you'll attract flies ." Professor McGonagall answered, annoyed at Lily for cutting her off. This peculiar teacher was known for her sharp tongue. Lily's eyes opened wider at the professor's confirms. No, they could not be sharing dorms, they were different genders! As Lily was about to make a speech on the importance of privacy, Professor McGonagall stopped her. "Of course, there will be spells cast on the rooms. For example, Mr. Potter cannot come into Miss Evans's room, unless Miss Evans wishes for it. And there will be separate bathrooms for each of you." Lily sighed with relief. Even though she was not looking forward to sharing a dorm with Potter, it would be nice to sleep peacefully without the rather loud whispers from the other Griffindor girls. She looked at James for his reaction, and she could see that he was ecstatic. Professor McGonagall went on, until the train whistle could be heard, indicating that they have arrived. Lily and James both pulled out their school robes and put them on, on top of their clothes. Professor McGonagall did not see this as a sign to restrain from talking for a moment and continued. "Your first job is to lead the students into the castle by carriages, in which you two shall be riding in, too. And to lead the students, I strongly recommend riding in the first carriage." she declared. Then, she stepped out of the compartment and disapparated. Lily stared at the spot where the Professor was. She let out a sigh, and this time, it was not because of relief. James grinned cheekily at her and grabbed her hand. "You heard McGonagall, we have to escort the students to the castle. Thank goodness we aren't escorting the first years. They freak me out with their little height." James told Lily as he pulled her outside. Lily giggled and she immediately stopped. "Lily Evans does not giggle." she thought to herself. "Especially in front of Potter." Lily let herself be pulled for a few seconds, then she regained control over her body. She pulled her hand out of James's grip. "Merlin, he's strong." she thought. She shouted instructions to the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th years. But the excited chatter of the students made it impossible for her to be heard. "Listen up, you imbeciles!" James roared. Lily flinched at his loud voice, but recited the instructions to them once again. And this time, she was heard and they followed obediently. She muttered a thank you to him, and he responded with a grin. "Doesn't this guy stop smiling?" she thought, frowning at him. Lily caught the eye of her two best friends, Samantha and Alice, and she gestured them to come. James did the same with his friends, Sirius, Remus, and Peter. "So, as heads, we have to ride in the first carriage." Lily started. "And we want you guys to join us, eh?" James finished. Lily scowled at James for finishing her sentence. He honestly could not get more annoying. Lily went inside the carriage, hoping that there would not be enough room for the boys. It was bigger than she thought, and everyone else seemed to recognize it, too. They all followed, one by one. "Finishing sentences, are we?" Sirius taunted with a smirk, his eyebrows disappeared up his hair. He chose to sit across Lily. James came in and plopped down on the seat next to the fuming redhead. "Yes, we've gotten rather close. I guess you can say that she's my girlfriend." James played along. Samantha rolled her eyes, she was a smart enough to tell that this was