J K Rowling created Harry Potter, who has not appeared in any story I've written. And I lay no claim to owning World War I or the historical setting. My stories: Hogwarts 1835 , On Being Mrs Malfoy , and Hogwarts 1940 use a number of locations and the occasional younger version of canon characters. This story is set within the world Rowling created, but without any of her characters. "World Rowling created" requires a further note, which is explained in greater detail in my other stories. Rowling had Dumbledore declare that Tom Riddle's claims of long-standing hostility between muggles and the wizarding community, and the insistence on 'pure blood' were lies. Dumbledore was supposedly a hero. Riddle/Voldemort was clearly evil. But Rowling, with consistent inconsistency, presented what she had Dumbledore call lies as if they were true. I suspect it is part of that fine old tradition of British humor... Excuse me, humour, like cruelty towards orphans that the rest of the world finds utterly inexplicable. Reading about an abused orphan apparently causes the English to roll on the floor with uncontrollable fits of giggles. I treat Dumbledore's claim, that Riddle told his followers lies, as true. And as already mentioned, further explanation of the economic relationship I picture between the wizarding and muggle communities, and their growing apart as a result of the 19th century Industrial Revolution are explained elsewhere. Chapter titles from the short version of the nursery rhyme / game The Bells of London. There are multiple versions. Oranges and Lemons Say the Bells of Saint Clement's Like hundreds of thousands of other veterans of the Great War I'd found myself at loose ends since the Armistice. I was more fortunate than most in finding haven in the loving arms of my family. Exactly how long I could remain safely ensconced in the familial bosom wasn't clear. Younger sons will eventually wear out their welcome. But, for the nonce, the family manor served as my billet. I arose early, tenish, and headed downstairs for my morning repast. There was a chance I might find other members of the family at table when I had my egg and kippers. Heard some chap argue that if one begins one's day by eating a toad, nothing worse can happen to you that day. I am not certain why the thought popped into my head, but perhaps it would be wise not to share said thought with family. "Tiberius," mother exclaimed when I entered. "How lovely to have you join us for breakfast." My dear brother said nothing, the mental focus required to spread marmalade on toast currently occupying his mind. It was probably just as well. Edward, meanwhile had put two lumps of sugar in a cup and poured coffee for me. Young Edward is still years away from the level of performance his father managed, but he is still excellent. The Slopers know how to serve. "The usual, Sir?" "Yes. Thank you." "Oh, there was a phone call for you this morning." "Right-o, and subject matter of said jangle?" "A Mister Badger, Sir, reporting that a Mister Mucky might require your assistance." "Mister Badger?" Marcus grunted. "Mister Mucky?" The elder son and heir did his service in the War Office, never closer to the front than the commute from Belgrave to Whitehall and Horse Guards Avenue... I shouldn't be narrow minded. It is possible, albeit highly unlikely, that some unfortunate business connected with the war MIGHT have forced him to visit the East End. "There is a certain informality in the trenches," I informed him. "At least among the rank and file. And it would simply be Badger and Mucky. Rather like the fact I was simply TS at Hogwarts." "They didn't have a dreadful name for you, did they?" Mother asked in horror. "In the trenches, I mean." "No, it was always, Sir," I assured her. "My lads knew I was their CO." 'My lads' averaged a good ten years older than myself. But when they're under your command they become your lads. Not that it made any sense. I was drafted out of Hogwarts in seventh year on the premise that the son of a Lord was fit, by birth, to be an officer. There was little sense on either side in guiding the war. "Mucky?" "Short for mucilage. Things sort of 'stuck' to his hands." "Some sort of curse?" Marcus suggested. "Not literally stuck to his hands. He just picked things up. Couldn't seem to help it. In and out of gaol for petty theft before the war. Someone had to check him each night. He always claimed he didn't know how things got into his pockets." "Then he's probably back in gaol," Marcus snorted. "Don't waste your time on the muggle." "Badger wouldn't call unless it was something serious. I fear some of my lads thought I could work miracles." "You didn't use magic, did you?" mother asked in her frequent voice of horror. "I did whatever I could to stay alive, and keep my lads alive." Edward, who had been standing patiently to the side during the conversation, placed a plate down in front of me. "Should I inform Nigel you will be going to the city?" "Yes, have him pack my kit and... Oh, would you jangle March Hall and see if June needs to escape the asylum and flee with me to the city? Nigel can take a train." "I will inform Nigel of your plans and telephone the Marches." I devoted my attention to the egg. If there is anything to be gained from life on the front it is an appreciation for simple pleasures. Before the war I would have been unable to see the beauty of a soft-boiled egg. The very adjective, beauty, applied to the fruit of the hen would have struck me as utterly absurd. There were days in the trenches I would have killed for a soft-boiled egg. Which is not at all mad. I was being asked to kill for no reward at all. Edward had not opened it for me. He knew I enjoyed the simple task of opening it for myself. Edward had not seen the front. He served in the rear, but had been stationed in France. He'd met enough of the men in the trenches that he had a sensibility toward my feelings my parents and brother could never share. And with the sense of gratitude for a simple pleasure of a properly soft-boiled egg was a sense of gratitude that my parents would never have to understand the reality of the trenches. On Edward's return he informed me, "Miss March sends an assurance that a drive to the city would be most welcome. She did, however, place certain unusual stipulations on the ride." "Well, lay on MacDuff," I ordered. "You are to drive the Bentley, stop at the north end of the hall, and under no circumstances are you to turn off the engine or leave the vehicle. She will come out to join you." "Curious, but not unlike June." Mother complained, "I wish you'd stop seeing that muggle girl." "I'm hardly seeing her, Mumsy, I'm simply providing transportation to the city. She's a sister to me, and it's your fault." I'm not entirely clear if it was mother's fault or not, but it was convenient to blame her. When the Marches or the Malfoys had some lengthy or distant family event for which the younger children – at least those out-of-line for inheritance – were unwelcome June might be deposited here for days, or I placed under their care. "And you're leaving your valet to take the train," Marcus added, an obvious observation he uttered for no apparent reason other than a belief he should waste time in the conversation. "Given the choice of a pretty, and intelligent, young woman as a companion on a long drive, or a dull valet, I will choose the obvious." Nigel is a reasonably good valet. By a singular stroke of good fortune I'd acquired Nige as batman during the war. Having a squib for an attendant made my life much easier. When he joined the ranks of the unemployed after demob I was happy to hire him as valet. Nigel is not one of those genius valets who abound in fiction – with brains infinitely superior to those of their... Given my view of the typical representative of the gentry or peerage it would require very little in the way of gray matter for a valet to surpass his employer in intellect. I was vastly amused at a production of Iolanthe when the peers quailed at the threat of Strephon introducing a bill to open the peerage to competitive examination. I suspect my brother might not post marks sufficient to pass muster. I think father would keep his post, and I hope my belief is based on a realistic assessment of the old boy's ability and not simply filial loyalty. Edward coughed gently to indicate he was not through with his communication. "And she said you should arrive at ten minutes past eleven." I glanced at the clock on the sideboard. "Cutting it rather close, what?" "I neglected to inform her you were still in your pajamas. She may have assumed you were prepared to leave." "Must run," I warned Mum and Marcus, scalded my mouth quickly finishing the coffee, and pushed away from the table. "No idea how long I'll be gone. Give father my love." Great-grandmother Vivien would tell stories of riding to March Hall. I feel as certain she could not have believed the fact I reached March Hall twenty-eight minutes after leaving the breakfast as I am certain mother would not approve of the speed necessary to accomplish the feat. My marching orders had not included, 'Don't honk the horn', so I squeezed the bulb and it emitted the clarion call of an offended goose to alert June of my arrival. The audio announcement of my arrival had two results. One, as might be expected, was June coming around the corner carrying a small bag. "Idiot, I didn't say sound your horn." "You didn't tell me not to." I noticed the unexpected result of blowing my horn in the mirror as June's father emerged from the front door armed with a shotgun. June broke into a run, detouring to place herself between the paternal weapon and the Bentley. "Drive!" she commanded as she threw her bag behind the seat and dove headfirst into the passenger seat. One of the many things I appreciate about being out of the army is the fact I no longer need to follow commands. Still, compelling circumstances made it seem expeditious to put the Benley in gear and hit the accelerator. In the mirror I watched June's paternal unit waving the shotgun and suspected words were coming out of his mouth which were obscured by the sound of the motor and the tires on gravel. "Your father appeared to be carrying a shotgun," I commented dryly, while doing my best to stay on the road despite having various feminine arms and legs tangled with my own arms (and a rude encounter between her foot and my ribs). Gazing at silk encased legs represented a temptation which could only be avoided by a need to stay on the road. It is sometimes difficult to remember that my feelings to her are supposed to be limited to that of an indulgent brother toward a younger sister. My passenger finally managed to assume a position of top-side up and and brought her dress into something approaching a state of decency. "Well, Tibsy, there is a reason for that," she assured me. "And that reason was?" "He was carrying a shotgun. Is there a better reason it would appear he was carrying one?" "No, I suppose not. But one does wish to know the reason a country squire desires to perforate one's dermal layer." "He thinks