A/N: You guys might need tissues for either sad or happy tears. This has been beta'd by the amazing Astro2009 . Thanks! Happy Holidays! Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or its character Stephanie Meyers does, I'm just playing with them… Entry for Countdown to 2014 Rating: M Bella / Edward DazzlinSparkle05 Heart I was nine years old when Edward Cullen came into my life. It was a week after my birthday and I sat on the front porch steps after school, waiting for my dad to get home. My mom had left the month before, so my dad was trying to figure things out schedule-wise. I read Lord of the Flies as I waited. The librarian almost didn't let me check it out because she thought it wasn't appropriate for me. "Aren't you a bit young to be reading that?" a voice asked from in front of me. I glared as I raised my head to look. The guy in front of me was tall and I remembered his family had moved into Mrs. Cope's house a few days ago. "I can read anything I want; the possibilities are endless," I mumbled. "What grade are you in?" he asked with a smile. I noticed his neon green braces right away. His hair was kind of red and super messy. His shoes were like the boys who skateboarded and his pants were baggy. His t-shirt had blue and white stripes. "Fourth," I replied, with a shrug. "You're at the grade school and reading that? My brother's a sophomore and he just brought that home to read for class," he said, surprised. "I like to read. What grade are you in?" I asked. "Eighth," he said proudly. I rolled my eyes, going back to my book. "You don't act like a fourth grader," he said, tugging at my book. "My mom said I have an old soul," I explained. I carefully slid my bookmark in my book, closing it before placing it on the step beside me. It didn't seem like he was going anywhere anytime soon. He nodded before shaking his head and flopping his bangs to the side. I found the action to be annoying - it reminded me of the girls in school always flipping their hair. "Are you home alone?" was his next question. "My dad should be home soon… he's a cop," I said, trying to be impressive myself. Jessica Stanley always called me a narc. I wasn't sure what that meant, but I had a feeling it had to do with Daddy being a cop. "So your mom…" he trailed off. "I don't have a mom." "But you just said..." he stopped when I shot him a glare. He raised his hands up in defense. "Okay, obviously a touchy subject. I'm Edward by the way." "Isabella," I told him. I wasn't going to tell him Daddy called me Bella or Bells though. Only he called me that. Mom didn't like me not being called Isabella. She said she named me that for a reason. I don't think it mattered anymore though, since she left us. "Edward..." a lady called from across the street. She saw us sitting out the front of my house and crossed the street, walking over until she was in my yard. She smiled and I remembered seeing her at our back-to-school rally in the gym. Nurse Esme was her name. She was really pretty and had hair like Edward's; hers wasn't messy though. It was perfect. "Hello," she said in a quiet, gentle voice. "Hi," I waved. Edward then proceeded to tell her my name and that I was out here alone. I didn't like that - if my dad didn't think it was okay for me to be home, I would have been dropped off at the station. I showed Esme my key and told her I liked to read outside. She told Edward that maybe he should leave me alone, but she said it nicer. He didn't listen because everyday after that, he showed up at my house after school. Over the next few years, we built a deeply-bonded friendship. He'd run me into town during the summers, on his bike while I'd sit on the handlebars. A few times, Dad would be patrolling and pulled Edward over on the bike. He'd tell him I was clumsy enough as it was and he should know better than to let me sit up there. As we got older, Edward took what Charlie said to heart and quit letting me sit up there. After he turned sixteen, he offered to drive me around in the new SUV that his parents, Dr. Carlisle and Esme, had given him for his birthday. A lot of the girls in my grade tried to torment me because I was always with the Cullen boys. I didn't understand at the time that it was jealously. As we got older, or more so when he got into high school, I tried to make myself scarce. Girls started coming around the Cullen house more and more. I knew that with Emmett away at school, they weren't there for him. Tanya Newton had been the one that seemed to beat all of them out of a chance to spend their time with Edward. The past few weeks, she'd been across the street every day after school. I had quit going over there since then. Edward would come to my door and knock, but I refused to answer each time. Tanya didn't like me - I could tell from all of the sneers she sent my way. I frowned over at the Cullens' house as I looked out the window. "It's okay to have a crush, Bell-of-the-ball," Emmett sang at me one afternoon. He'd just come home for the Thanksgiving break and had been here since he pulled into his parents' driveway an hour ago. I was twelve and for some reason, whenever he was home, Emmett always drifted over to our house for sandwiches. He said my dad knew the proper ingredients for a manly sandwich. I think it was more because Esme didn't allow a lot of junk in their house. "That's gross! I'm just a kid," I told him. I could feel my face getting hotter. "You're a young lady," he corrected. "Charlie told Mom that Mr. Banner talked to him about moving you up to the high school early." "I don't want to be at the high school yet," I told him with a glare. "You should. You're smart. Ed's always going on about all the books you're reading," he said, rolling his eyes. "Edward should shut it," I muttered. I went back to looking out the kitchen window and saw Tanya walking out of the house across the street. Tanya's snow-white, blonde hair flowed behind her. She was tall like Edward, probably around the same height. Even though it was cold out, she had shorts on, which made her legs look even longer. I glanced down at my short legs. I was still the smallest girl in my grade. Another thing that made Tanya desirable to the boys of Forks were her boobs. Those things were huge. I sighed in defeat and didn't even bother looking down at mine. I wasn't even in a training bra yet. I was flat as a board. I hated her and puffed out some air at that hatred. Emmett was standing behind me and patted my head. "Mom doesn't like her," he told me. "Moms aren't supposed to like the girl their son brings home," I insisted with a shrug. Em snorted. "Touché, Swan!" Edward followed Tanya down his front stairs, but he kept glaring over in the direction of my house. When he noticed us in the window, Edward caught my stare. He opened the car door for Tanya and started to head over to my house once Tanya got in her car. He was frowning and I turned to duck under Emmett's arm. "He looks pissed," Emmett laughed. I took off running to the door before Emmett could hear. I knew why Edward looked mad. I stopped at the top of the porch steps, noticing Edward was panting and his lips looked off. The closer he got, the paler he looked. His face was freckled, but under those spots he was completely white. As he stood in front of me I noticed the sheen of sweat on his forehead. "You kissed Newton?" he panted. Mike Newton, Tanya's brother, had stolen my first kiss at Angela Weber's birthday party two weeks ago. I kneed him where it counted afterward. "That's none of your business," I hissed. The wind was whipping at my hair and I tried to shoo it out of my face. "Tanya was saying things about you, Bella. Things that weren't very... honorable. If she's running her mouth about you and her brother, I can only imagine what Newton is actually saying!" He coughed while he ranted, not letting me get a word in. "You're not that girl. I know that, but people in this town love to gossip. I… I can't –... believe youuu..." Edward slumped forward, gasping and clutching at his chest as he fell. His face just missed the bottom step. "Edward!" I said, rushing to him. "Stop playing around!" I frantically shook him. "Edward!" I yelled this time, but he wasn't moving. "Emmett," I screamed. The next few hours were spent with me sitting on Emmett's lap with my face in his neck. We had followed the ambulance to the hospital. Esme was inconsolable when she arrived and they had to pull Dr. Cullen out of surgery. Congestive Heart Failure. My kissing Newton did this. This was all my fault, and no matter what anyone said, I knew I was to blame for Edward being in the hospital. He'd come over yelling at me with a bad heart. When Edward woke up, he asked for me and I refused to go in. It was my dad that told me I'd regret it if I didn't see him. "Bells, I know how much Edward means to you," he murmured, running his fingers gently through my hair. "If something happens and you didn't get to speak with him, you'll regret it." "He's dying," I mumbled through my tears. "Dr. Cullen has a team that is devoted to making Edward better. We all need to have faith, kid." "If we have faith, he has a better chance at living?" I asked quietly. "If we have faith, it will give Edward the strength he need needs to fight," he said honestly. I wanted Edward to fight and for his heart to get better. "I think I want to see him now." Dad opened the door to Edward's room for me and I stared at my friend who looked like he'd had his life drained out of him. He was sitting up in the bed with wires hooked up to him and tubes up his nose so he could breathe better. His eyes were closed and I almost turned around until I felt the nudge of my dad's hand on my back. "Go," Dad whispered in my ear. I shuffled forward and carefully placed my hand around Edward's. I took in his face, noticing he wasn't as white as before, but his lips were still lightly tinted blue. There was a steady beep from the machine beside him and I felt relieved. Beeping meant he was alive. He was breathing. I watched as his eyes slowly opened and his hand weakly squeezed mine. I started crying at the gesture. "Shhh, Bella," he choked out. Once I calmed down, Edward told me he was sorry for yelling at me, and he didn't want boys like Newton preying on me. "I love you, Bella." When he said he loved me, I felt my stomach get excited. I knew he never said that to Tanya and for some reason it