Merry Holidays! Please be aware of in-canon character deaths, poorly written smut, questionable self-editing skills, and the author's first au attempt resulting in a general disgrace to the English language. (I'm working on the whole writing thing. Fingers crossed the third time will be a charm!) ... Katniss Everdeen was the sullenest person in the history of the world to ever wear a Santa hat. She did however have perfectly jolly flushed cheeks, thanks to an upper respiratory infection and mild fever. She coughed violently into her elbow, earning a disapproving glare from the woman in front of her clutching bags of holiday shopping. Katniss gave a tight smile—one she hoped read,"I've-been-on-antibiotics-for-24-hours-now-and-am-no-longer-contagious, just-gross." As she carefully folded cashmere cardigans into gift boxes and neatly lined the sparkly snowflake wrapping paper, Katniss bit her tongue to resist snapping something along the lines of "if-I-had-the-choice-I-wouldn't -to-be-here-either-don't-worry." She hates seasonal jobs. They may help build a small savings fund for the inevitable rainy days, but unlike her job at the bar they came without the option for sick days. She woke up Saturday unable to get out of bed, too weak to even force herself to the kitchen for water. But when there's no one to take care of you, your immune system learns to kick in and by Monday afternoon she was at the mall for her shift to gift wrap the True-Meaning-of-Christmas. The next few rounds of ribbons and novelty items and ugly crystal centerpieces and green-and-red plaid wrapping paper blur together, until she looks up to greet the next customer— And is instead met with the bluest eyes known to man. Familiar blue eyes that make her shiver with a strange mixture of dread and hopefulness. "Peeta!" she exclaims trying to quickly smooth over her surprise with "How are you?" all the while hating the congested tone of her voice. She observes his rumpled blond hair and broad muscular shoulders that even his heavy North Face jacket couldn't camouflage as he nods curtly in response and places a few bags in front of her. "Doing some holiday shopping I see," she says forcing a laugh. Ugh, what an insightful observation Katniss. She pulls things out of the shopping bags including a book, a few scarves, a pretty painted teapot, and a jewelry box. Peeta Mellark picked out some decent gifts. Including some decent gifts for a woman . No one ever accused Katniss of being a talker, but apparently today she couldn't shut up around Peeta Mellark. "Oh, who are these for?" she asks cordially trying to ease the odd tension in the air as she worked wrapping the gifts more efficiently than she ever had in her life. As soon as the words leave her, she fears there's too much of a judgmental tone in her voice. Like she was questioning who he possibly had left to buy presents for . She looks up in time to catch his disturbed expression. He looks so young and so lost. "For friends," he finally responds gruffly. (Being Peeta Mellark's friend was a distinction she was not able to claim for a long time, if ever.) "Well, I'm sure they'll love them," she manages to smile as she finishes curling the last ribbon. She can't help but feel her heart sinks as he walks away, the realization hitting her that even the kindest boy in Panem is no longer able to speak to her. … She was telling the truth at least. She had no doubt any gift he picked out would be well received. Because Peeta Mellark, being as considerate as he is, was always an exceptional gift-giver. Even at the age of 11. Who else could remember a Christmas treat for a newly father-less girl when even her own mother couldn't be bothered? When her father died the fall of sixth grade and her mother slipped into a deep depression, 11-year-old Katniss was left trying to scrape some semblance of normality for herself and her little sister. She had long given up hope of bringing any Christmas cheer home to Prim when their minimal savings were already stretched for the basics. But Peeta Mellark, of all people somehow remembered. Exceedingly popular already, he was never a friend but there he was shoving a large tin in her hand the last day before break—his blue eyes shining brightly behind a blooming black eye. He nodded kindly at her urging her to take it. She looked down in shock at the container wrapped in a bright red bow, but by the time she looked up he had already disappeared into the crowd. When she opened the box outside the school grounds, she almost gasped in awe. Inside were the most beautifully decorated Christmas cookies she'd ever seen. Christmas trees with individual ornaments she could make out, snowmen dressed in scarves and hats, reindeers wearing Santa hats. She pulled one out one of the snow-covered houses and delicately held it in the palm of her glove, fascinated by the icicles hanging from its shingles. She put the cookie back inside its box, secured the lid, and held the gift close to her as she ran home. That evening Katniss and Prim sat by the radiator covered in their Dad's old hunting jacket, eating cookies and watching Christmas specials on the television. Somehow it was a much more pleasant holiday than Katniss could have ever imagined. (She was never able to thank him however, the embarrassment too much.) And that memory of contentment bordering on joy was partially why Katniss couldn't seem to get the image of today's Peeta Mellark out of her head. His eyes so clouded by grief. Such a contrast to those striking bright ones that just sparked with life whenever they caught hers across the hallway years later. She remembered that day this past June so clearly, waiting to pay her respects at the Mellark's memorial service. She rocked back and forth on her heels wondering if it was best for her to just leave without approaching the youngest son who survived the bakery gas leak by being tucked away in his college campus a week before graduation. She didn't want to say something stupid like, I'm so grateful it wasn't you . He looked so lost, his beautiful blue eyes so devoid of any light that her heart ached. She wanted to move to hug him, wrap him in her arms and keep him safe. Run her hands through his hair and tell him he was going to be okay. Instead she clenched her fist even tighter her sides, nails digging into skin when she finally reached him. For a moment his eyes flashed in recognition, as if surprised to see her before a mechanical— "Thank you for coming, Katniss." And then he was on to the next person. … Fuck you, Martha Stewart. Katniss doesn't know what she's doing. (A sentiment applicable to most parts of her life, but especially baking.) They looked so simple in theory. Martha Stewart even had the audacity to claim they were easy . The Domestic Goddess, who by the way was totally imprisoned for insider trading or something so why was Katniss listening to her anyways, was being generous (or condescending) when she named them "Easy Bake" Christmas Cookies. There was nothing easy about these little fuckers. Katniss huffs at the mess in front of her that looked like the North Pole spilled over on her kitchen counter. Bags of red and green icing, gumdrops, and candy canes littered all over. It was most Christmas joy she ever allowed her tiny apartment. (Prim used to love cutting up those paper snowflakes with used paper and hanging them from every inch of their home, but Katniss was far too old and tired for that.) She just wanted to return the favor. And she just wanted him to feel a little less lonely. Peeta's vacant eyes terrified her and while she knew in the rational part her mind that someone with as many friends as him could hardly be alone this Christmas… she couldn't shake off how empty he looked. She needed to do this. (She doesn't really have too many people in her life. No one really to exchange Christmas gifts with since Gale moved to Chicago. She once bought her boss at the bar a sweater. It didn't go over exceptionally well with Haymitch.) But instead all she has to offer are the third batch of burnt broken cookies crumbled in front of her. Just presenting her with a messy on-the-nose metaphor for her entire life. But she tried to remain positive. II was the icing that really made the cookies, she reasons. Katniss picks the healthiest pieces, even crushing some of the crumbled ones together, before layering them with icing and pedestrian designs. They weren't beautiful, but as they laid to dry she felt a certain amount of satisfaction. So she layers them gently in the largest plastic container she owns and slides them into a gift bag. (Seriously more efficient than wrapping paper.) And twenty minutes later she finds herself outside the Mellark home, willing her hand to stop shaking before knocking— Only to be greeted by Delly Cartwright and her cheerful face and bouncy blond hair. "Katniss!" she exclaims as if they were reunited best friends, and not barely acquainted with one another. "What brings you here?" What brought Delly here a grumbling part of her that Katniss tried to quell wanted to know. Which was silly, Delly was one of Peeta's closest friends. And it's not like she knew what his relationship status was after six years, she realized remembering the gifts he had wrapped last week. "Hi Delly, I just wanted to drop something off… Are you back for the holidays or…" "Oh you know, doing that whole living-with-the-parents-post-graduation-unpaid-internship-fingers-crossed-it-leads-to-something-real thing," she laughs before continuing on about being back in Panem. She suddenly spots the bag Katniss was holding, "But oh, this is for Peeta? He's away right now, but I'll grab it from you… unless you want to give it to him yourself?" "Oh no, that's not necessary." Katniss shrugs in what she hopes was a nonchalant way before handing it off to her. "Awesome, I'll make sure he knows. But you could tell him yourself—this Friday at my Holiday Party. You have to be there, it'll be so much fun since so many of us are home this winter!" Katniss has an excuse on the tip of her tongue when Delly interrupts, "I remember back in school that Peeta said he had the best time with you. I'm sure it would mean a lot to him." And that's all it took. … He was the best group project partner possible. He was completely flexible, planning their meetings around her shifts at Sae's and evenings watching Prim despite his own demanding schedule of wrestling practices, debate club meetings, and hours at his family's bakery. He was smart and meticulous and made a semester long AP history research project almost fun. And he was funny . Katniss knew she wasn't the easiest person to get along with and she acknowledged that. She was okay with it even—she barely had time to begin with. Somehow despite their varied personalities she found there was a comfortable ease being around Peeta Mellark. At 16, Peeta had mastered the art of playful self-deprecation. He didn't take himself too seriously, which came in handy when it came to dancing with Prim in the Everdeen's tiny living room to Taylor Swift (something Katniss adamantly refused to participate in.) (He enthusiastically claimed, as Katniss rolled her eyes, that Taylor Swift was a star. Just wait and see, the girl was here to stay.) Katniss wasn't the most accommodating of people, but she found herself responding to his undeniable charm. Katniss even ignored the times she saw him doodling in his notebook—when he thought she wasn't looking—someone who looked remarkably like her . And she couldn't