Authors Note: I am in no way making money off of this. All noticeable characters, settings, events, etc. belong to the wonderful J. K. Rowling. I am just taking her characters and playing with them. Out of the Shadow Chapter 1 Muted creaking was heard throughout the library, as a student opened one of the doors. Madam Pince looked up from her desk, her hawk eyes taking in the bushy brown hair of the person walking in. A slight sigh escaped her, as she scanned over the rest of the tables she could see from her own desk, before looking back at the first year who unknown to anyone had touched her heart. Not even a month into the new school year, and already, this one particular first year had been in the library more than her own common room, when not in class. The bushy brown hair child closed the library door as softly as she could behind her, before turning and beginning her walk passed the front tables filled up upper classman. Hufflepuffs were first, eyes glancing up, and taking in the young girl who walked by them. Many let out soft sighs, a few shaking their heads. For the past week, many of the seventh years had seen this one lion cub come in, staying till close to her own curfew time. Ravenclaw was next, with no one looking up, and many not even realizing this girl had been seeing many of them since September 4th in the library, always sitting at the same tables. The lone Gryffindor table either didn't see her, or didn't care as she walked as far from them as she could. No need to make things worse , she thought to herself. Entering into Slytherin table territory, she didn't see the table containing two fourth years. One from Hufflepuff, and one from Gryffindor. Oliver's face frowned, while Cedric looked on. Together, they noticed her look back, and after a moment, slump down into herself. Stepping forward again, she began to limp towards a back table, hidden deep within the stacks of the library. "That is the fifth time I've seen her this week," Cedric stated, turning to look back at his friend. Despite being in different houses, and on the Quidditch teams, both Cedric and Oliver got along just fine. Both cared enough about their grades to be able to study together and their time growing up within the same circles saw them as allies and friends, off the field that is. "Do you ever see her in your common room?" "No," Oliver answered. "Even with how little I'm in there, I've only seen her come in close to her curfew time, and go straight to the girl's staircase. In the mornings, she is always down in the great hall before even the twins or I are up." A throat being cleared had the two fourth years looking up. Standing at the end of a bookshelf stood a fellow fourth year, of Slytherin house. Avery looked at his classmates, and fellow Quidditch players. "Wood, Digory," he acknowledged. "Avery," the two replied. Looking towards where the first year had walked, Avery let out a low sigh. A rare glance behind his Slytherin mask allowed the two other students to see just how much this was bothering him. "She was limping again," he finally whispered. "Do we have an idea as to who is doing this?" Cedric asked. "I have most of my house trying to keep an eye and ear out, but so far…we have nothing," Avery replied. "As much as I hate to say it," Oliver began, "I think my house is partly to blame." Avery looked away from the shelves to stare at Oliver. "Explain." "Besides me and the twins, everyone either ignores her or make fun of her. After the first day of classes, most of the first years came into the common room. I could hear them mocking someone. It wasn't until later that I realized it was her they were mocking. She has a brilliant mind, and a thirst for knowledge. Unfortunately, that makes her an outcast within my house." The other two fourth years sighed at that, before all looked back the way she had gone. Avery noticed movement out of the corner of his eye, and glanced towards it. A black cat, with silver paws and tail tip quietly walked through the stacks of books like it was nothing. Avery's eyes widened slightly, knowing exactly who that cat belonged to. Turning to his fellow fourth years, he simply stated "Follow me, and keep quiet," before tapping them with his wand to make them disappear. "Trust you to know the disillusionment charm," Cedric muttered under his breath. "Shhh," Avery replied. "We are in a library after all." His smirk was easily seen, even with his back turned to both of the other fourth years. "Make sure to silence your feet." Muttering under their breath, both Cedric and Oliver did as told, using silencio to muffle their sound as they made their way behind Avery into the territory of the Slytherin tables. The young bushy brown hair child sat with a small whimper into a chair at the furthest back table, hidden deep within the stacks of the library. For those to know at least a little of the sections, the table was located in an area most would never venture into. Hogwarts history, with books dating back to around a hundred years after the founding to now. The only students who ever came here were those with absolutely no clue as to how to find the book they were looking for, most of the time searching for a book on the goblin wars, which was located towards the front of the history section. Putting her bag on the other chair next to her, the girl laid her arms on the table, her head resting on top. After a few moments, her head came back up, and should anyone have been there to see, the tears on her face were easily spotted, until she whipped them away. Soon enough, parchment was before her, a quill in hand, ink off to the side at the top, and a book to her left. As the girl bent over the parchment, scratching her quill across, a light meow sounded from beside her. She finished her sentence, and then looked down at the black cat, who at that moment jumped up onto the table in front of her. "Hello Ara," the girl whispered, reaching her hand out towards the cat. Avery, Oliver, and Cedric watched as the girl continued to pet the cat, seemingly understanding it. "How was your day?" the girl asked the cat, even as she began to write some more on the parchment in front of her. "That's good." The cat sat in front of the book, tilting its head, before meowing softly. "Just finishing Professor Snape's essay," the girl answered. The three fourth years (had they been able to see each other) would have all been staring in shock at the reply the young first year was giving. Avery's face was puzzled, just how did this girl understand a cat who had a true familiar bond with someone else? "I know it's not due until next week, but," the girl sighed, "he doesn't seem to like when I go over the length he wants. I'm writing my own version, with information that is in depth. I'll write a condensed version later this weekend to turn in." A few silent moments passed, before her soft voice came again. "It's nothing Ara." A louder meow came, as the cat moved from her spot to right in front of Hermione. "Who could I tell? No one is ever around when he does something to me. Besides, it isn't like he could do worse than my 'family' anyway." Avery was suddenly stiff, his eyes hardened. Both Oliver and Cedric wondered why. Hermione's voice came to them, quieter than it had been, and filled with a deep seated emotion neither of the boys could name. Had they asked Avery, he could have told them. "I'm nothing but a mudblood freak." With that, quiet sniffling was heard. "Sometimes…I wonder…" The voice faded again slightly. "Would anyone notice…if I wasn't there?" Avery rushed forward, a loud cat meow sounded, and other Slytherin students rushed quietly over. Cedric and Oliver watched from their location, still hidden from sight, as Avery caught the young girl before she had the chance to fall to the ground. The other Slytherin's looked to him, questions easily seen on their faces. "Ara, please go get your master," Avery whispered to the cat, who quickly jumped from the table and ran off. "Parkinson, pack up her stuff. Nott, please help me with her." Therresa Nott stepped forward, carefully taking the young girl from Avery's arms, and holding her. Patrick Parkinson packed way the parchment, quill, ink, and book into the school bag that was already over flowing. The other Slytherin students turned and headed back to their own tables, quietly putting away their things. They all knew a house meeting was about to happen. Once Avery was ready, he took Hermione back from Therresa, their sixth year prefect. She nodded to him, headed back to her own table and his, getting their bags that were already packed. "Someone disillusion me and Hermione. We don't need anyone to see this," Avery whispered to the Slytherin upper classman. "Also, can someone send word to the twins? Tell them to come to the practice lab." "What about Digory and Wood?" Adrian Pucey asked, even as the first group of Slytherin's left casually, keeping the rest of the library from wondering what was going on. "Please, they are here already. Someone get their things from their table," Patrick Parkinson ordered, before tapping Avery on his head, and Hermione on hers. Getting out of the Library had been easy. What wasn't easy was trying to stay away from other students from other houses since it was a weekend. Thankfully, dinner was in another hour and many students were either in their common rooms, or outside on the grounds while the weather was nice. Once located, Oliver and Cedric were pushed into the middle of a group that left the library, along with Avery. Parkinson and Nott traveled with them, keeping a sharp eye out. Most of the others were taking the more known route towards the dungeons. This group however were headed away from the grand staircase, towards a lesser known path for most students. Coming to a stop near two suits of armor, Parkinson leaned close to the wall between them, and whispered, "Slytherin's stand together." The wall split in two, opening in to reveal a stone spiral staircase leading down and up. Once everyone was inside, Parkinson closed the door by tapping on the Slytherin symbol next to the opening. "Digory, Wood," Avery's voice said, once the opening was closed. "Yes," their voices replied. "Remember, we can stop your ability to use our practice lab," Avery muttered. They followed the stairs down, passed more entrances until they came to the final one. Parkinson pressed on the Slytherin symbol located on the wall, allowing the entrance to open. Once everyone was passed it, he turned around and said, "Together, Slytherin stands." The wall closed, covering up the secret staircase that until this point, only Slytherin students knew about. And even then, only third years and above. Together, the group walked towards another hidden area within the dungeons, one that very few outside of the house knew about. Passing by the potions classroom, and venturing pass Professor Snape's office, Nott lead the way to a blank wall. Tapping five bricks in a rough star like pattern with her wand, the wall shuddered, and fell away, revealing another hallway. Once the group was through, the wall re-appeared, showing no sign of where they had gone. The hallway itself