I'm back sort of after a very long hiatus... I've decided to update this story with better versions of the existing chapters, but the story line will be more or less the same. Hopefully I'll get back to Interception at some point. I just need to get this out of my system first! December 23rd, 1973 "STUDENTS IN THE LIBRARY! STUDENTS IN THE LIBRARY!" Peeves the Poltergeists' shriek was an interminable ear-piercing alarm, perfectly pitched to alert anybody within a hundred yards that some form of mischief was going on. Under normal circumstances, Florence Kim would have had her hands clapped over her head to protect herself from the horrendous noise, but as it so happened, these were decidedly not normal circumstances. In fact, were it not for Peeves' cackling cries, she probably would have still been quite unconscious indeed. As she gasped for air, winded from the impact of having been so unceremoniously thrust into the air and dropped onto the ancient floors of Hogwarts Library's Restricted Section, Florence vaguely wondered just who it was she had run into. The thought didn't stay long in her mind. Despite the fact that she couldn't see anything, the dark world around her still managed to seem like it was somehow spinning. Peeves' voice was like a distant shout, muffled compared to the ringing in her ears. Fighting the urge to vomit occupied most of her thoughts. A few feet away from Florence's own sprawled out body, a crumpled figure began to stir in the darkness. When books began to rain down upon them, courtesy of Peeves, a few choice swear words joined the cacophony of ringing, cackling, and thumping of books. Luckily - or unluckily - the madness came to a sudden halt when another voice (or roar, rather) joined the chorus of cries. "Ickle beastie's come to play!" Peeves howled in delight, breaking the sudden silence. "GET OUT OF HERE, YOU SONOFA - "Now, now, mustn't curse in front of the students, Beastie," Peeves tutted as an enormous shadow somehow made itself visible despite the darkness of the library. "GET. OUT. NOW!" Peeves laughed hysterically but he must have swooped off, for his voice faded off into the distance. Undoubtedly he'd gone off to cause chaos elsewhere for the Beast to deal with after he handled the present situation. Florence screwed her eyes shut as light suddenly flooded the library. "You and you," the Beast snarled, his voice terrifyingly quiet. It was a deep rumbling voice that echoed in the now silent library. "Get up," he barked. Florence gingerly opened her eyes to face the light and shakily stood onto her feet. She'd been crouched down to protect herself from the volley of books Peeves had been gleefully chucking away. The Beast stared down at her with his foggy, unfeeling blue eyes before shifting his gaze. His thin chapped lips were twisted into a sneer. "Accio! Accio!" Two wands shot into the air and landed in the Beast's open palm. He caught them with the practiced ease of a man who'd spend a lifetime chasing after errant schoolchildren - and punishing them. Florence looked away from him and her eyes fell upon her interloper for the first time that night. She grimaced in dismay. A pair of mocha-coloured eyes stared unflinchingly back at her. The boy's expression was both cold and furious, quite at odds with the warm shade of his eyes and the youthful tousle of his dark wavy hair. His name was Evan Rosier, a Slytherin in her year. "Well now," the Beast hissed maliciously. "Having a midnight rendezvous, were we? A bit young for that, aren't you?" He laughed sardonically at this while the children flushed in anger and embarrassment. "Madame Pince will have your hide to rebind some of these books when she gets back from the holidays, no doubt. But not until I've finished with you myself." Florence shuddered inwardly. The old caretaker had been nicknamed the Beast for a reason, aside from his hulking form. It was said that his paddle could bring even boys like Ross Baker to tears with a single stroke... a muggle-style beating was considered the most shameful form of discipline among old wizarding families. Only muggles and mudbloods turned to physical violence. A beating meant you weren't even worthy of a punishment by magic. Though the school governors had officially rescinded corporal punishment only a year ago, memory of the Beast's mythical paddle still lived strong throughout the student body and many an alumnus - it was practically a right of passage if one wanted to be considered "hard". It had taken Dumbledore himself years to get the awful punishment banned for good. "You can't to do anything, old man," said Rosier scornfully, though the effect was somewhat lost by the crack at the end of his statement. The Beast snickered, and Florence chanced a glance at the Slytherin, whose olive face now featured the faintest slash of pink, though his expression remained blank. His eyes, however, somehow grew colder and she could sense him daring her to laugh. "Better an old man than a boy whose balls haven't even dropped," the Beast retorted crudely in a mocking tone, squawking his voice at the end as Rosier's had. "How dare you - "Enough! Go back to your dorms immediately," the Beast snarled. "You brats have a nice long holiday of maid-work ahead of you. My office after breakfast tomorrow, and don't you dare be a second late. And you better hope none of these books are destroyed, or it'll be coming out of your pockets." "Give me my wand - "But I don't have - "GET. OUT. NOW!" Florence paled and immediately scurried past the Beast, who swore none too quietly as he began to examine the books on the floor. She only stopped jogging when the old man's voice could no longer be heard, but the silence didn't last long, for Rosier's acrimonious voice filled the air instead. "This is all your fucking fault," he hissed, fists clenched by his sides. His jaw was tight, and she was sure that if he had his wand on him, it would have been pointed in her direction. "My fault?" Florence exclaimed indignantly, turning on her heel to glare at the boy. "You're the one who threw a curse at me," she snapped, without bothering to modulate her tone. "What was I supposed to do, let it hit me?" His sneer indicated that this was exactly what he'd expected of her. She scoffed and pushed past him, determined to go back to Ravenclaw Tower before she they got into any worse trouble, but he stepped to the side, blocking her path. "If you so much as breathe a word of what the old cunt just said, I'll make you regret being born," he said coldly. "What, you mean about you not having any balls?" she sneered, doing her best imitation of his expressionless face. Florence knew she shouldn't bait him - Evan Rosier had significant social collateral because he was wealthy, handsome and didn't give a shit about anybody, which made his type of people want to ally themselves with him all the more. Even students from other houses gave him a sort of grudging respect, if only because he didn't engage in the usual inter-house antagonisms. He was apparently above all that. He could, however, effectively ruin what little peace she had in life with a few cruelly placed words. But alas, it was too late for remorse. His eyes flashed in anger and he raised one of his clenched fists with lightning speed. She flinched instinctively, ducking back sharply and raising her arm before her face to protect herself from a blow. He dropped his arm and stared, and she hated herself. A flush of humiliation washed over her face. Furious, she looked up at him defiantly. He was small for a third-year, not much taller than herself, she realized in surprise, feeling only a little mollified. "Go on," she said sharply, crazily. "Hit me." "I wasn't going to hit you!" he spluttered in outrage, and she could see that he meant it. "Do I look like a fucking muggle to you?" She'd insulted him, she realized, and shook her head in disbelief. But of course he was insulted. Physical violence was for the lowest of the low. The old name Rosier was synonymous with blood purity. How could she think he would hit her? "So then why'd you go and raise your fist for?" she demanded. "Forgot that I didn't have my wand, didn't I?" he retorted slowly and crisply in his posh accent as though she were a dunce. Florence blinked. She too had forgotten that rather irritating fact. Was the Beast going to wait until the end of the holidays to give them back? She remembered with dismay that he'd said they would be doing "maid-work" for the next while. She groaned inwardly, and then groaned for real when she heard heavy footsteps echoing towards them. "Shit," she mumbled as the Beast's voice suddenly filled the air for the second time that night. Without thinking, she shoved past Rosier and sprinted towards the direction of the library doors, and didn't stop running until she'd reached the Ravenclaw common room, exhausted but oddly excited. December 24, 1973 The next morning Florence awoke to the sounds of blissful nothingness. The dorm was empty, devoid of the chatter that she so dreaded throughout the rest of the year. The other girls had gone to the their respective homes for the holidays like ninety-five percent of the student body. For a second, she'd forgotten all about the odd events of the previous night, until she reached for her wand and realized with horror that it was not there. She bolted out of bed and wondered if she'd been possessed. She went over the details of the previous night as she changed into civvies, unable to comprehend how her little adventure had blown up in her face. Florence had wanted to visit the library's Restricted Section ever since she'd discovered there was such a thing way back during her first year tour of Hogwarts. Of course she'd wanted to. Every student wanted to visit the Restricted Section, even the self-avowed book-haters, if only because the word 'restricted' was involved. While most eventually gave up on attempting to cross the velvet rope that separated the Restricted Section from the rest of the library, Florence hadn't the patience to wait until fifth year to be granted official access to those hallowed grounds. Her patience dried up during the Christmas holidays of her first year. The thing about the holidays was that security was lax. Half the staff was absent, as was most of the student body. Given that there were no classes, everybody wandered about in a sort of lazy daze, and things like curfew became a hazy sort of rule that was only halfheartedly enforced. Sneaking down to the library during the holidays was therefore something of a joke. After the success of the first night, she did it every night for the rest of the holidays, and was greatly disappointed when term started up again after only a couple short weeks. She didn't dare try it again until the Easter holidays came rolling around. Three years later, she'd become better and braver about sneaking out. She no longer waited for the holidays to do so, but they were certainly the best times she had. There was little to no risk involved when one could prance in and out of the common room without getting caught by other students, the head of house, prefects or any number of other people. She'd looked forward to the first day of the holidays. And then the fiasco had happened. As Florence walked into the near-empty Great Hall, it occurred to her that she would have to sit with her new arch-nemesis. There were so few