DISCLAIMER: The following stories are based on situations and characters from the Harry Potter books which are created and owned by J. K. Rowling, and various other publishers, including, but not limited to Warner Bros., Inc., Bloomsbury Books, Scholastic Books, and Raincoat Books. No use other than entertainment is intended and no financial gain is being made. No trademark or copyright infringement is intended A/N: This is a HP/TR time travel story (Slash), which kicks off right after Tom's graduation from Hogwarts. For ABV readers. I have almost finished writing the next chapter. Will be up in a couple of days. As for this story: It will be a longer one and the usual applies. Harry and Tom will be treated as equals. Btw, I don't have a beta. Sorry. Hope you enjoy the ride. Chapter 1: Who are you? The battlefield resembled a graveyard, a last resting place for both sides in this senseles war. Not many had survived the onslaught of Grindelwald's army and those that somehow did, were left surrounded by the bodies of their fallen comrades. The sun still shone brightly and if it weren't for the obvious signs of destruction, nothing would've been memorable about this day. The body of a German Auror was the first thing Albus noticed upon arrival. Eyes stared up at him, devoid of life. It made him feel sick. But he had to move on, had to find his old friend and lover amongst the dead. Albus strode across the field, trying not to let the stench and utter devastation get to him. The field was coated in the scent of burnt flesh. Patches of grass were missing and smoke permeated the air where curses had met their targets. Gellert's 'Heer' had acted as efficient as rumors indicated, leaving nothing but lost souls behind. It shouldn't have ended like this. In the end, nothing had worked out the way it was supposed to. Once upon a time, he would've even stood by Gellert's side, would've watched and even participated in this kind of violent uprising, thinking he was on the right side of history. Even today, the thoughts and secret dreams of a distant past ashamed him, but it also served as a reminder that someone like him couldn't be trusted with power. And neither could a man like Gellert. Small groups of Aurors were still patrolling the perimeter, watching over the captured German insurgents while others cried openly at the loss of their friends or stood completely still, too shocked and traumatized at the sight. A young man, one of the English Aurors made his way over to him as soon as he saw Dumbledore. Albus recognized him instantly, well aware that a man in his position couldn't be allowed to break down like his fellow comrades. "Thomas, my boy. Is everything alright?" The Auror leader bowed and gave him a small smile, no doubt feeling relieved to see him. "As well as it can be under these circumstances," he said, his face resembling a blank page, a mask. "And Gellert Grindelwald? Did he-?" Albus asked again, feeling breathless for a moment. Gellert couldn't be dead. Thomas eyed him strangely, almost as if he could sense his deepest thoughts, his worries. Of course, that wasn't possible. But still... "We managed to capture him, but-" the Auror paused, collecting his thoughts. "We had help." Dumbledore stilled, adjusting his half moon glasses. Something was wrong. "Help? From the German Aurors?" he asked carefully. Obviously it would take more than just one group of people to subdue a Dark Lord. Thomas shook his head, gazing at the ground as if lost in his own thoughts. "No. It was quite unusual, Albus. There was a man who appeared out of nowhere," he began. "He didn't wear a standard combat robe or anything that made it possible for us to identify him. It's just - all we know was that he decided to fight against Grindelwald all by himself." "But surely you tried to stop him or at least take over?" Dumbledore said, his anxiety increasing with the newest revelation. As far as he knew, there was no wizard in Europe that could've singlehandedly defeated Gellert. The chance was there, of course, if one looked beyond European borders. But rarely did outsiders get involved in the mess of another country. The Auror's lips thinned in displeasure, but he continued nonetheless. "We couldn't. He just told us to stay out of it and then proceeded to challenge the Dark Lord. It was...quite spectacular. And frightening, to be honest. But maybe you should talk to the Dark Lord. He might even be able to tell you more than I can at this point," Thomas said and pointed at the crowd guarding a man. Dumbledore's heart stopped at the sight. Without hesitation he moved forward, his eyes never leaving the form of one of the most powerful wizards in this world. Thomas followed him at a distance, but Dumbledore was too focused on what appeared to be his friend. And with every step he took, the resemblance to a man of his past was replaced with the image of a new person. A man who looked beyond defeated, almost tired of living. This individual was no Gellert Grindelwald at the top of his established regime. No, his friend was gone. Never to appear again. But a spark of their bond must've been left behind; meaningless as it was, it still mattered to both of them. Gellert straightened his back, despite being bound and surrounded by a magical barrier. His eyes however refused to even look in Dumbledore's direction. He spoke, his voice raspy and low from the spells he must've been tortured with. "You came." Dumbledore remained silent, which seemed to bring some sort of reaction out of the wizard. "Funny, isn't it, Albus? I prepared myself to face you, and yet it still ended like this. It's worse than death," he said, his accent shining through. He huffed and then lowered his head again. "Who was that man?" Dumbledore barely managed to get the words out and he had to force himself not to cross the barrier. Thin lips formed a smile, but it was self-deprecating, so uncharacteristic of Gellert's typical arrogance. The Aurors surrounding them shifted uneasily. "I don't know. He was young. Which makes this whole affair even more aggravating, my friend," Gellert said. His statement raised more than a few eyebrows and Dumbledore was tempted to blush. Thousand ideas and suspicions took form inside his mind, but he had no clue where to start. The war was over and this mysterious individual had done the unexpected. But it didn't mean they were safe. Not with such an unknown individual going around and deciding to do what he did. "He has the wand, Albus." Gellert locked eyes with him for the first time and the seriousness of the situation suddenly came crashing down upon him. The Elder Wand . It was gone. The day he started to work for Caractacus Burke wasn't memorable, by any stretch of the imagination. Still, a nagging sense of doubt clung to him, a persistent, annoying itch that needed to be scratched. Tom put the heavy tome on blood wards back where it belonged; the dusty, wooden shelf in the backroom nobody ever paid attention to. As a general rule, he never let doubt overrule his actions. He evaluated, calculated all odds against him and then proceeded to take action, usually resulting in getting it right. Being a perfectionist wasn't easy, of course. But talent and self-confidence yielded perfect results. There was no room for doubt. Today he felt different, though. Or maybe he simply despised his new employer and regretted ever having taken this poor excuse of a job. Burke obviously possessed even less brain mass than Dippet, and that in itself was an achievement. Ruled by greed and obsessed with the Dark didn't make this man any smarter. Abraxas' parting words reminded him that Tom was essentially playing purchasing agent for Borgin and Burkes, an errant boy, nothing more. The Blonde's disappointment had been evident. Tom's lips twitched in amusement. What did this pretentious wizard know? Malfoy wouldn't even recognize ambition if it hit him in the face. Just like Burke, these people lined up for the title of useful instruments in a grander scheme he had in mind. Therefore it was only natural that the pure-blood held no opinions of value. After carefully rearranging the last orders and making sure his pristine, black robe was in perfect condition, Tom made his way back to the counter. Burke was currently trying to sell earrings made of fake ivory to an unsuspecting customer, a witch who looked less than impressed with the sum and quality she would get for it. "There's simply no way I can lower the price. You must understand that ivory these days is hard to acquire. We're dealing with rare, available retail, after all." The witch snorted, eyeing Burke in disgust. "Rare? I could buy a similar piece at Twilfitt and Tattings's jewelry section for ten galleons," she sneered, tilting her head a bit, her blonde curls framing her face in a somewhat childish manner. Seeing Burke's temporary loss of confidence, Tom decided to intervene. "Similar, but not quite the real one, madam," he said, stepping closer to inspect the item. Just as he thought. It was a piece of junk. Burke seemed to be relieved after noticing him, despite pretending to be in control. The sweat on his aged visage told another story. "And who might you be?" she asked, eyeing the newcomer in interest. Her beady, brown eyes took in Tom's immaculate appearance. He shifted on his feet a bit, leaning closer to her. In turn she offered her hand, catching on. "Tom Riddle, at your service." He bowed, lips briefly touching her knuckles and squeezing her palm in what was decidedly more intimate than proper. The blush appeared quickly; a predictable reaction. "Mrs. Lorring, this is my assistant, Tom Riddle," Burke introduced, but she hardly paid him any attention. She was too focused on the incredibly handsome youth who was now invading her personal space. "Lorring? Of the Love Potions business, I presume?" He smiled, watching as her eyes started to gleam in appreciation. People loved it when others recognized their measly business affairs right off the bat. Tom deliberately infused his voice with respect. Which he didn't feel. It was funny, though. The Lorring family consisted of pure-bloods who made money off of human trafficking, simply using love potions trade as a cover. All members were as dumb as rocks, from what he'd heard. "Mathilda Lorring, it's a pleasure," she drawled, batting her eyelashes. Even better. Her husband had been involved in a major cheating scandal with a member of the Nott family branch, resulting in a legal battle over money and an 'accidental' death. She was rich and in full control of all financial affairs. Unusual for women in these times. "Mrs. Lorring, I believe you'll find no substitute for the earrings, since they were procured by using mammoth ivory from Siberia," he explained, giving Burke a pointed look. "Mr. Burke and his partner had a hard time tracking down the creator." It was a bunch of lies, but thankfully his employer was smart enough to keep his mouth shut. The witch looked skeptical. "How can I believe this item isn't simply a cheap copy?" At that, Tom retrieved the earrings from the glass case. Burke handed him a magnifying glass, which the Slytherin heir used to spout off his next lie. "See these markings on top?" A long, elegant finger pointed at the enamel crown. Tiny veins broke its surface, giving the ivory a rough appearance. "They usually indicate high, magical infusion, which means the animal in question came in contact with nature's magic during the prehistoric period. It's unusual precisely because we're dealing with material before the