Hi guys, so this is a new fanfiction written by clato-borntodie! The fresh breeze contrasted with the hot radiation coming from the flaming, orange sun. Inside the blue van, Foxface sang along with the pop singer, whose song was annoying as hell to Clove. But she stood quiet, staring at the view from the window of the van and trying to ignore her cousin's off of tune voice by watching the flashes of lights passing by them as the van moved faster on the road. Every second passed reminded her that they were leaving their town, school, houses and families behind for a few months. "Why are you so quiet?" Foxface asked her and lowered the music's noise a little bit. "I'm always quiet, why is it weird for you?" Clove answered her question and turned the music off. "I'm just… I don't like leaving this town, it has been our home since we're young and now…We're leaving" she said and sighed. Foxface raised her eyebrows and looked at the road. "You knew this was going to happen Clove…" Clove nodded and chewed her lower lip. They were designated to move out from that town since they were young. Either of them knew why but it sure affected them in some way. Miles away from that desert road, in a luxurious apartment next to the beach, a tall, blonde boy rested on his towel, with the sun light caressing his skin. Protecting his blue eyes with dark sun glasses, Cato watched his brother, Peeta, and his girlfriend having fun in the poll, making ridiculous figures and acting like children. He rolled his eyes and sighed. It would be so much better if his parents understood that he needed to be with his friends and having fun like any teenager his age should. But no, his parents, who he barely saw him during that whole year, decided that he should find new friends and structure his priorities. Because, in their view, studying was more important than having fun. Not that they know much about fun and friends , Cato thought. His thoughts were interrupted by Katniss's voice calling him to join them in the pool. Cato refused with a scowl and closed his eyes. Sleeping was definitely better than spending time with anyone in that house. On the other hand, Foxface and Clove finally arrived to the place they were supposed to arrive. "Let's meet with her" Foxface said and tried to cheer Clove up. "Ugh. Fine…" Clove rolled her eyes and opened the door of the van. She narrowed her eyes when the sunlight hit her skin. "Damn" She groaned and putted his sunglasses on. "We got a beach!" Foxface screamed happily and ran to the sand jumping on it and rolling over but screaming when a crab pinched her thigh. Clove laughed and ran to her, helping her to get the little animal from her skin. "That's what happens if you love the beach so much, the animals from the sea love you back and want to give you little kisses" She smiled and put the crab on the ground. "Go away, buddy" She kicked it softly along with some sand. "This the house where Katniss said she was going to be" Foxface pointed to a mansion that was near the beach and knocked on the door. "Clove! Foxface!" Katniss screamed and jumped out of the pool, helped by Peeta. She ran to the door from the backyard and opened it. "You're here, girls" She hugged them tightly. Cato looked at Peeta and sighed. "More girls? I bet they are as childish as your girlfriend" He rolled his eyes. Peeta rested his chin on the edge of the pool and smirked. "Knowing you…you will get advantage of one of them or maybe both." Cato smirked and nodded. Clove's eyes widened as she walked in the garden where the pool was. Foxface was as surprised as her cousin, and both looked like two people coming from a whole life in the desert and finding a beach for the first time. "This is huge!" the brunette said under her breath. It was obvious that the owners of that house were really, really rich, or else it would be impossible to keep the garden so beautiful and the flowers so fresh and alive during one of the hottest days of summer. A small smile spread on Clove´s lip and she took her sandals off, putting next to a chair. "Hey, lover boy!" she waved at Peeta, who waved back with a grin. "Girls," Peeta started, after leaving the poll and walking towards them. He pulled an arm around his girlfriend and pointed at Cato, still laying down and pretending he was alone "this is my brother." The girls said a "Hi," and Cato pulled his sun glasses over his head, narrowing his eyes to look quickly at the girls. "Cato, this is Foxface," his brother's hand pointed to the smiling ginger "and Clove." Peeta knew, in the moment his brother´s eyes run over Clove's body, that he wasn't so bored anymore. Cato stood up from his seat and stretched his arms above his head, just as a show-off for them to see his muscles. "Ladies" Cato said and smirked at them. He walked to Foxface and pecked her cheek. "Nice to meet you" he then turned to Clove and placed his hand on her waist, kissing the corner of her lips. "Nice to meet you more" He smirked and pulled away from her. Clove didn't really pay attention to him, she just frowned and nodded. "Yes, nice to meet you" She wasn't going to deny the fact that this guy was hot but he was a player for sure. "Want to join the pool?" Cato asked them and Foxface nodded. "I'm going to use the bathroom first" She looked at Katniss and she walked in the house. Clove followed them close behind. Cato's eyes fell right on Clove's backside and he smirked. Damn . Clove followed Foxface and Katniss to the bathroom. Katniss said she would go get a drink in the kitchen and would be right back. The redhead had already been there last summer, although it was only for a week and Cato was and his parents were out. After passing by a couple of doors with double the size of Clove, the girls reached the bathroom. Foxface put her beach bag on their counter and picked her blue bikini. "I didn't know Peeta had a brother," Clove commented, pulling her t-shirt over her head and putting it inside her own bag. She had her green bikini on already, so she just had to take the t-shirt and black shorts. "I had only heard about him," her cousin said, turning around to put her bikini on. Clove looked at her own reflection on the mirror. She looked pale and tired, much because of the trip "Peeta says he barely sleeps at home during the Holidays. And his reputation is not the best. Although," the smirk on Fox face's lips, when she turned to meet Clove's eyes, told the brunette what her cousin would say even before she could pronounce the words "he is pretty hot." Clove adjusted her bikini and then turned to look at Fox and answer her question. "Well…" She smirked and shook her head. "I'm not going to deny it, but about the reputation…He is a player, isn't he?" Clove asked Katniss, who had entered the bathroom seconds before, and she nodded. "He is. I'm not going to say anything about him because I'm dating his brother, but… "Katniss smirked and slapped Clove's butt "I can tell that he saw something in you…Be careful, Clover, because if you're not, you will end up on his bed, I'm sure" Clove rolled her eyes and sighed. Foxface hugged Clove and looked at her. "Look. You have to forget about him. We're in a new town. A new beginning, you better be forgetting about Ethan, Clove" She threated her cousin and Clove just nodded. "Will try to…" They headed to the door and opened it to walk back outdoors. When they reached the backyard Cato's eyes widened and his jaw dropped slightly. "Fuck" He mumbled under his breath and looked down at his crotch, just to make sure it wasn't that noticeable. "Peeta, I'm back!" Katniss shouted and ran to the garden, jumping to her boyfriend's arm. Peeta chuckled and hugged Katniss before jumping with her into the poll. The water splashed all over Clove and Foxface, who quickly decided to join their friend´s and jumped in. Clove twirled her body under the water, opening her eyes and smiling widely as the hot seemed to leave her body. That was what a good summer day should be spending on, swimming and getting some relief from all that haunting hot. She came to the surface and gasped for air, rubbing her eyes in the next movement. "Your house is amazing, lover boy," she complimented, swimming next to the blonde and Katniss. Foxface was still under water, trying to break her record of minutes without breathing. It wasn´t a reason for Clove to get worried, she was already used to watch her cousin do that and she knew the redhead would emerge as soon as her lungs started aching. "Thanks, Clover," Peeta smirked "You should come here more often. I mean, it´s not like there is not space enough here for you and Fox." "There is a lot of space for you here, beautiful" Cato added and smirked at her. Peeta laughed and swam to Clove. "He is always like that, don't feel weirder out" Clove nodded, already knowing that Cato wanted to mess with her and he just wanted something. Sex. He wasn't going to get it with her though. She swam out of the pool and walked toward him, raising her eyebrows. "There's space for me here, handsome? Where" She wrapped one of her arms around Cato's neck and smirked. Foxface's eyes widened and her jaw dropped slightly. What was exactly happening? "In my bedroom" Cato smirked and Clove placed her hand on his chest. He got her. She was his, he knew it. To Cato's surprise, the girl pushed him away as hard she could. The boy fell on the chair behind him with a grunt and Clove shot him a disgusted glare. "I would rather sleep in the street than ever going to your bedroom," with that, the girl turned around and walked back to the house. She had no idea where the corridors would lead her to, but she couldn´t look at Cato for now. He reminded her of her e-boyfriend and she had sworn to never fall in love again. Love had blinded her in a way that she didn't notice she was in trouble until it was too late. Clove wouldn´t risk getting through the same again, so she would use drastic methods. And one of them was running away from guys like Cato. Peeta, Foxface and Katniss laughed when the boy fell from on chair. Cato groaned and rubbed his head. "That bitch," he grumbled and stood up. He ran into the house, following her as quickly as he could "Are you lost, beautiful?" He asked her, catching Clove's attention that was looking for somewhere to hide. "No, I'm not." Cato folded his arms and nodded. "Then tell me where you are going," He closed the door behind him and walked up to her "Why did you do that out there, huh?" He smirked at her. Clove stepped back from him just to find her body against the wall "I'm not going to hurt you" He murmured and came closer to her, placing his finger on her chin and making her look at him. "Why are you so mad…I was just playing" He asked her with a gentle tone. "That is the problem," she crossed her arms over her chest, to where she had