Wait, Peetas WTF?! The final chapters. Author's note: Couldn't take it any more, had to finish it up. Referring to Megan's work on the same subject. Peeta's POV Kyle and I sat at the table in the cafeteria, dutifully eating our meal. I watched him when he wasn't looking, thinking to myself: how much longer could I keep it up? We sat this way for a while, occasionally making small talk, but mostly just eating. When we are finished eating Kyle announces he has to go to command, and I wish him a good bye. He stands, busses his tray, and is gone. I sit alone, with baby, and am lost in a world of thought. "Hi, Peeta," Katniss says. Jolted out of my inner world I straighten up and bid her to sit next to me. Setting her tray down, she does. Her braid brushes against my shoulder and I feel hot all over. "Oh-hello, Katniss," I say back, all smiles. Katniss is more reserved, though; something clouds her face and I can feel a tension between us. She looks as if she wants to speak, and I am silent, giving her the opportunity. She opens her mouth, I wait expectantly, but all her words are consumed by the ungodly blaring of the District 13 alarm system. Katniss looks shocked; I stand and grab her arm, ready to tear down to the bunker, but it is too late - we are both knocked to the ground as a missile tears down into the earth and at our bunker. This room is still in tact, but I hear people screaming, scrambling for the exit, for safety. The lights have dimmed, but are still on, and I make my way over to Katniss on my hands and knees. "We can still make it under ground!" she screams, "my mother - Prim -!" Just then, to verify the audio system is still working, President Coin's voice comes through the speakers. "Remain calm, citizens - that was a localized attack and the airspace is cleared. Those in need of medical treatment report to the hospital, all others will gather in the auditorium for a debriefing. Thank you." "Katniss, are you hurt?" I ask, looking her up and down. "No, no," she says and looks at me, "are you?" "I'm fine - we're fine," I say with a wry smile, "but we should make our way to the auditorium as Coin says." "I have a better idea," Katniss says and takes my hand, pulling me up and away from the other shocked people in the cafeteria. I am taken to a supply closet, one of Katniss' many hiding places. We go in and she pulls me back down to the floor, curling in a little ball with her head in my lap. While I feel slightly obligated to be present in the auditorium, being surrounded by hysterical people doesn't sound like it would be good for my already frazzled nerves. Katniss' next question throws me for a grim loop. "Do you like being pregnant?" she asks, avoiding my gaze. I shrug, a vague gesture that doesn't cover up all the hostility in my voice, "no, not really. This is a rape baby - I'm not happy to be carrying and growing something so hostilely transplanted into my body." Katniss is silent as she absorbs this answer. After a moment she asks another question, clearly beyond the point of wondering whether she is crossing any boundaries, "Do you like being a girl?" I exhale a big puff of air, thinking: Where do I start with this one? I stroke her hair, comforting myself as much as her. "I must say, I like being a girl now; I've always just felt like myself, my body was a little irrelevant to me. I don't think I'll ever asked to be changed back into a boy." Katniss seems to stir a bit, perhaps out of agitation? Disgust? I couldn't be sure. "Do you know why your parents had a sex transplant performed on you?" Her voice is barely audible. "No," I answer. The same question had been nagging at me for months and I still had no answer. "Haymich told me," Katniss continues, "he said the Capitol was looking for subjects to do an experimental surgery on and your parents basically sold you to them. I thought you might like to know." I laugh ruefully, "I'd just like to know how much money they made." "Enough to buy the bakery back from the creditors," Katniss says. She is sitting up at this point, looking at me square in the eye. "Well..." I say, thinking she is looking for me to comment further on the situation, "I'm glad I was good for something -." "Peeta, did you ever wonder why there was a wall built up between us when it came to our romance?" Katniss' words tumble out fast. "Gayle," I say dissuasively. "It wasn't Gayle I had a crush on," she continues. I can't speak, only look at her questioningly. "My first crush was actually...Madge." The name comes out as a whisper. "Madge?" I repeat, louder. "I could never successfully fake our romance because - while I do love you, Peeta, like a friend - like a soul mate - I never thought of you as a...lover...because you were a boy." This does throw me - Katniss - a...lesbian? Alarms go off in my head. "But now you have Kyle, and for the first time I find myself so...attracted to you...I can't sleep at night because now not only do I want you by my side I want you...inside..." "Katniss, I only started dating Kyle because I had given up...I thought you'd never like me back...and my new body scared me, I thought that because I was a girl I had to date a boy...but the flame burning inside my heart, it never died." "Peeta," Katniss says slowly, her gray eyes trained on mine, "it is totally okay for two girls to be in love..." she takes my hand, "and make love." Suddenly she is in my arms and I am kissing her. The thing she had felt before wells up inside her now, stronger than before, evident in the way she whimpers and bends at the touch of my hands. There is something in her earnest yearning that sets my own loins ablaze; the girl who was on fire was making me incredibly wet. Something beautiful and naughty may have happened if Gayle had not yanked open the door at that moment, exposing us. I thought he might be shocked, ashen, or even angry; he just looks grim. "The missile struck a command unit out in the field. Kyle is dead." END CHAPTER Sadness grips my heart - Kyle was a decent fellow, slow and one-dimensional, but he never really wanted to hurt anyone. His death was tragic because the loss of human life is tragic, and I feel guilty for the relief I feel. I feel Katniss looking at me expectantly, and I meet her eyes; she is probably gauging my reaction. Her cheeks are flush; she is truly beautiful. "He didn't have to die, I would have just broken up with him," I say dryly. Katniss bites her lip then wraps her arms around my midsection, holding me tight, most likely for her own benefit. "And you two - are you both going to come out of the closet now?" Gayle says, an edge of humor to his otherwise flat voice. I look surprised - was that a gay joke? From Gayle? "Relax, Peeta bread," Gayle says, ushering for us to come out of the actual closet, "I've known Katniss was gay for a long time. It confused me, and I had a very hard time accepting that she wasn't attracted to me. Its still hard," he says, the humorous edge gone as he stared into Katniss' back, "but no amount of me being creepy, willful, pushy or stalkerish is going to change her mind. Let bygones be bygones, right?" "Right..." I say, still on the floor of the supply closet with Katniss, ignoring his commands. "I was sent to find you - you're wanted in the hospital wing. Coin said she wants an update on the baby, in case something happened to it during the missile strike," Gayle continues. "Oh, Peeta," Katniss says, looking down at my stomach, "I suppose we should go." "Peeta should go," Gayle says to Katniss, "your mother wants to lay eyes on you, to make sure you're okay." Katniss looks at me, unsure. "Go," I say, and smile at her, "I will see you at dinner tonight." I tilt her face up and kiss her; her eyes close for a moment, I can feel her breath on my lips. "Okay," she says, and opens her eyes, "but I want to hear what happens when you return." "Yes," I say as we move into a standing position, "you will have all the details, my Katniss." I give her a tight squeeze as Gayle pulls her away, her eyes stay glued to mine. I wave and walk the opposite way, towards the hospital wing. My mind is swirling from the events of the past hour and I hardly notice the pain in my stomach at first. I am still thinking of Katniss, her smile, her voice; I am perfectly distracted until the pain rips so surely through my entire body that I fall to the floor and writhe, an agonized version of Katniss's pleasured state. I call out for help, but no one comes - they must either be in the auditorium or holed up in their compartments, retiring early, exhausted from the strike. I make myself crawl, teeth gritted, down the empty hall. The tile is cold under my hands and knees, but then I feel something warm and sticky, between my legs. I look down, straining to see over my extended belly, and finally spot the pool of blood forming between my legs. I crawl faster, whimpering now, tears threatening to pop from my eyes; not now, not when I finally have Katniss, this can't be. I'll make it to the hospital, I think, they'll cut this baby out of me and I'll live, forever. The pain is worse than ever; I am openly bawling now, my vision blurred, the vaguest outlines of the walls guiding me towards the hospital wing. I make it ten more agonizing yards, turn a corner, and a hallway - fifty feet at best - seems an impossible task, and I break, curling into a little bloody ball and sobbing on the hallway floor. END CHAPTER Katniss P.O.V. It is a few hours later; I reunited with my mother and my sister, who were very happy to see me - and I to see them, really - and it wasn't long after that Gayle again ushered me away. On his communicuff an order had been issued for us to report to weapons facility, which I did with reluctance and Gayle did with relish. It was there, in the weapons facility, that I was armed with my bow and arrows and taking turns with Gayle at shooting the lifelike human targets. Beetee is by the bank of computers, face lit up blue by the monitors, when I hear a crackling come from one of their speakers. I turn from my task and listen as Coin's voice comes over a secret intercom. The crackling makes it difficult to hear, but I can make out most of the message; "Peeta...in hospital...danger...keep Katniss...away." I don't wait for Beetee to try and stop me, I don't wait for Gayle's approval, I simply start running, bow in hand, to the elevator. My military training had really pumped me up; I could hear footsteps behind me, heavy and male so they must be Gayle's, but I don't stop and I don't turn to look. I skid into the elevator and press