Disclaimer: This is the second part of a trilogy. If you have not read the first part, please go back and read "Secrets of the Court". I have two versions of this fic. The first version was posted before this twilight version (as I have also explained in Secrets of the Court). I did not wish to remove the first version since some people were reading it so I kept it, for them. I try to be as historically accurate as possible, so if you see any faults, please PM me. Since the country of Angloa is a made up country with its own history and culture, it may differ from other European countries at the time. Rated M to be safe, some mature themes. I would also like to point out that Reading author's notes can be important at times. I know people tend to skip them at times. But I want to be clear to some anonymous reviewers out there: I have stated again and again that "Secrets of the Court" was only the first fic in a series. If you do not read the information that is so clearly given to you, I cannot be held responsible for your disappointment. I always appreciate constructive criticism, but not blatant bashing. Lastly, for those new here, English is not my first language. I still learn as I write, so if you find any grammatical faults, please make them known to me, I would really appreciate it. THE BROKEN THRONE Chapter 1 September 5th, 1453 The sun shone brightly in the late summer sky, its rays penetrating through the thick, leafy forest roof of Raven's Grove. There was a pleasant stillness in the desolate forest, animals grazing kept alert for any possible intruders. Suddenly, a rabbit perked its long ears at the whoosh of an arrow, gliding through the trunks. The steel tip embedded itself a few centimeters next to the animal. The creature did not have to think twice as it ran for its life through the foliage, moss, and bushes of the forest floor. It gained speed as yet another arrow whooshed past it; closer this time. The vibrations of hooves awakened more creatures in the woods as two riders rushed to catch the animal. One rider strung his last arrow, letting go of his reins mid-canter. His seating was secure as he held onto the eager stallion with strong thighs. He took a deep breath, the keen eyes looking at the back of the rabbit as he aimed the weapon. The arrow released with his breath, sliding forward in an elegant arch as it caught its prey. The rabbit was dead as soon as the metal head had burrowed into its skin and flesh, tearing through its innards. The horses took both riders to the dead animal. One man got down and put it in a bag, proud of his achievement. "Did you see that shot, Magnus?" he exclaimed gleeful, pointing to the bow he held in his hand. The other man—much younger—scoffed but could not help a grin spread on his lips as he saw the proud look in his older brother's eyes. "What I saw, Philip, was you recklessly letting go of your horse to catch a mere rabbit," he teased. The dark eyes gleamed mischievously as he watched his brother sigh at him while he got back on the horse. "Cocky now, are we? I guess you will continue giving me snarky comments until I take down a deer as well today?" Philip defended as he mounted. His blue orbs could not uphold his serious countenance as he arrogantly raised an eyebrow, something that had turned into a trademark gesture for the king. "A deer or a hog, at least," Magnus continued. "But I fear your dumb horse has scared them all away with his insistent neighing." As if on key, the black stallion stretched his neck and let out a roaring neigh, pleased when his master patted his side. Philip's eyes wandered from the horse to Magnus for a few moments before he let out a roaring laughter. The midnight black locks fell into his eyes and gave him a roguish air. "I think Hannibal disagrees with being called dumb, Magnus," he chuckled while urging the stallion forward. They continued their quipping as they searched the forest for more animals. Somewhere in the distance, hounds had been released to help the other noblemen in the area locate prey as well. But they never made any effort to shoot the larger animals they found. Instead, they would send a servant to inform the king so he would be the one to take the animal down. But no matter how many servants they sent, Philip never came. He preferred finding and killing his own prey. As the day progressed and the gentle winds stirred the forest roof more, the woodland creatures picked up the scent of the humans who had invaded the green woods. After having taken down a pheasant, Philip decided that it was enough for one day. The young monarch longed to return to Adelton Hall. They exited the thick foliage of the forest with the train of noblemen, hounds, and servants that had accompanied the two royals. All the way to the gleaming white castle raised high on its cliff, Philip and Magnus kept talking and joking with each other. Philip Fell looked at Adelton Hall and took in its beauty. The fairy tale castle was outlined against the Durun Mountains—where in a few months snow would paint the tops. Green forests surrounded it except for the front where an emerald green meadow with soft grass and white flowers rolled; with one narrow road that led to the town of Hayes. The yellow and orange rays of the now setting sun bathed the castle in their colors, making it take on a golden sheen. "I can never get over how beautiful it is here," Magnus breathed as he took in the surreal landscape. Philip looked at the scene in front of him. This was a wonderful world to live in. Angloa was a free country, she was blossoming like a flower in May. Slowly but surely she grew to be her own, to distance herself from once being a colony of the English. "This place is like nothing I've ever known before. The mountains, the forest, the hills—everything has a power over me that I cannot explain. Whenever I am here I feel at peace," he said as he turned to his brother, at least 15 years his junior. Philip had, with carefully worded words explained just what Magnus felt. "To think you were crowned King four years ago, my brother. Time passes quickly when in such a place." "Time passes quickly when one is happy," Philip mused. His lips parted a silver, his face contorted into a mischievous look that soon dominated his handsome features. Philip stared at the castle in the distance. A dangerous gleam shone in his eye as he turned to his brother. "I will race you to the gatehouse!" Philip yelled, not giving Magnus time to react as he spurred Hannibal into a wild gallop. Magnus was soon behind, yelling curse words at his brother as the other laughed loudly. February 23rd, 1520 The foul stench of fish and waste would not go away as her tired body laid sprawled on the messy bed. Isabella found that she had no energy to move away from it. The dirty sheets surrounded her like a suffocating blanket and she stared emptily at the dark wall of the ship. Her head was dull by now. She had spent too much time crying, and she found the tears had dried up. She only found a wrecking emptiness inside her as the waves of the Mediterranean rocked the galleon like a mother would rock the cradle of her child. Braun locked her door these days. He had assured her several times that no harm would come to her as he had rushed her and his men to the docks. But Isabella had never believed him, especially not when she had watched him shoot Mrs. Rochester. She had tried in vain to take the men down as they set to rape the younger maids in their townhouse. When she closed her eyes, she could hear their raw cries claw the walls of her mind as several of Braun's men took turns with the maids. Braun himself went over the best way to flee the city. Isabella had not believed Braun's reassuring words as they bribed the merchant to take them to Cadiz. The merchant had sealed his own doom when Braun's men took over the ship, killing most on board. However, the more seasoned sailors were allowed to join the ranks of the disgraced duke. Isabella had finally damned him when one of his men found her the first night, hidden in the small chamber provided for her. Braun had gotten to her in time before any real damage could be done. Even so, she really wondered if he had not damaged her, just a little. Yet another piece of her wounded soul seemed to fall away, fading away in the darkness of her being. The man was killed, of course. But what he had done to her could never be changed. Braun had even professed his deepest apologies, but they mattered not to her. He had put a lock on her door and promised such a thing would never happen again. The first hours after having been touched by that disgusting man Isabella had cried, horrified at what had been done to her body. She could feel the filthy hands running over her, tearing the gown and pinning her down on the floor. She could feel the splinters of the floor ride into her back as he mounted her, fumbling with his dirty hoses. It hurt. Not just in her body, but in her soul as rough hands forced her limbs still. Isabella had cried harder after, feeling dirty, soiled and broken. He had never managed to rape her, but he had been close enough for it to feel real. She had never known much about making love, only that it was a necessary process to conceive children. But now that she saw a glimpse of what it might entail, she abhorred it. After a few days of constant crying, she found herself to be exhausted. There were no more tears; only that emptiness within her. She still wore the torn dress and her back was still scraped and ridden with thick and painful splinters. That was how Braun had found her. She cared little for modesty as he walked in, not even bothering to cover up her bare legs or naked back as he closed the door behind him. Braun could not ignore the twinge of guilt that ran through his mind at the sight of her. It was first when he neared her bed that she made any movement to get away from him. Isabella's wide eyes looked at him. Pain and despair filled them, but the frown and hatred soon penetrated. Braun put up his hands as a gesture of well-meaning. "I will not touch you, nor will I hurt you. I swear it on my life," he said as truthfully as he could. It caused Isabella to sneer. She pushed the dirty locks away from her face. "Your words mean little to me," she growled, her voice still shaking. She ignored the pain in her back. The splinters were causing some slight inflammation and Braun eyed them with concern. "As does your word of honor. I would never trust a traitor," she laced every word with venom, biting back the pain coursing through her back. Braun disregarded her words and caught view of her inflamed back. "At least let me have someone tend to your wounds before they get worse," he said as he saw she was in