"Hey are those cakes for the Fisks cooled yet?" Peeta asked, tying on his apron as he crossed the kitchen. "Yeah," I nodded toward the countertop behind me. The chocolate cakes were one of the most wastefully expensive things we could make; nothing but Michael Fisk taking an opportunity to swing his dick around just by showing what he could afford for his bitchy kids. "Thanks for covering for me," Peet lowered his voice, glancing toward the door to the storefront. "You fuckin' owe me," I muttered. I'd been covering for every track meet he'd been wasting his time on since the school year started. Mom wasn't happy about any of it, but he didn't need to be told that. Her displeasure was more than apparent in the bruises we both sported. Phyl was lucky he got out when he did. "Yeah, yeah," he chuckled under his breath, nudging me out of the way to open the cabinets under the worktable. "Don't worry about it. I'm not trying to do my own job or anything." I backed away from the table, a pie crust still in my hands, and kicked him in the thigh as he crouched to pull out one of the cake stands. "Isn't that, uh-" "The shitty one," he cut me off before he even stood up. "Yeah. I used it last week, though, it'll be fine. Trying to balance a big cake on that stupid little one is a nightmare." "Alright," I said, raising an eyebrow as he screwed the base on a little tighter before setting it down on the counter. I turned my attention back to the pies, the last of the baking that needed to be finished before the rush rolled in. Peeta would be occupied with the cake for hours, and the sooner I got the damn things in the oven the sooner I could get to the prep and cleanup and be done for the night. "Fuck," Peeta muttered. I close the oven door and turned to see him crumpling the empty powdered cocoa package and tossing it onto the counter. "Did you have enough?" "Barely," he tipped the bowl of frosting to look into it, pursing his lips to one side. "It's not exactly going to be the best frosting I've ever made." "Like they'll even fucking notice," I chuckled. "I'm pretty sure no one outside this family knows what that's actually supposed to taste like." "True," Peeta chuckled. We worked in silence for a few minutes, listening for customers to distract Mom enough to cover our conversation. Without them, she would just come down on both of us. As the evening rush picked up, so did our talking. "I had been planning on visiting Delly tonight, y'know," I said, glancing over my shoulder at him. "Why the hell would you even try to make plans to sneak off knowing I'd be stuck with this cake all night," Peeta asked. He didn't even look up as he smoothed a layer of frosting over the cake. "Because I enjoy getting laid," I shot back. "And having a life outside of this bakery. You should look into it. I know you wanna nail that Everdeen chick; get on it already." "Yeah, that's not happening," he chuckled. "I dunno, she spends an awful lot of time with Hawthorne," I said, looking over my shoulder to watch his reaction. "Alone. In the woods. I know he's got his child bride or whatever but it'd be the first time that stopped him." "Will you stop?" he gave me a look, turning away from the counter with a frosting-covered spatula in one hand and the pastry bag in the other. "Sorry, sorry," I said, turning back to the sink and trying to hold back a grin. "I wouldn't be interested in Hawthorne's sloppy seconds, either." Peeta sent an empty measuring cup sailing across the kitchen that hit the back of my head. I laughed, turning around to retaliate, on to end up turning face first into the rag he'd thrown after it. "You're an asshole," he snapped, though I could hear the smirk in his voice. I threw the rag right back at him. " Hey ," Mom snapped, storming into the kitchen from the storefront. "Shouldn't you two be working ?" "Sorry," the two of us muttered in unison. "I don't want to hear another word out of either of you," she snapped. "I want that cake done and I want to be able to check it before I go to bed. And get this fucking place clean . Stop wasting time." I sighed, sharing a look with Peeta as she whirled away to go back into the storefront. With the mood effectively murdered, we returned to working in silence. Mom stared me down as I brought the last of the baking to the cases out front. I did my best to avoid eye contact, returning to the kitchen to finish cleaning. Peeta's sharp, hissing intake of breath was louder than the dull thud of the cake hitting the floor. As he turned away from the counter he swept the bowl of frosting to the floor along with it, upending the damn thing on top of the smashed mess of chocolate that covered just about every last fucking inch of space between the counter and the worktable. Peet still had the piping bag in his hand, the color rapidly draining from his face. "Oh, fuck," I muttered, staring down at the mess. Peeta's expression grew desperate and pleading and I had nothing to offer. That was the last of the cocoa, the next supply shipment from the Capitol wouldn't be in for two weeks, and the wedding was in less than twenty four hours. We could make another cake, but not what the Fisks had ordered. The bell in the storefront rang and my heart jumped into my throat as Mom stomped into the kitchen. "What the hell is going on back he-" she stopped short, staring down at the floor. I watched her hands ball into fists at her sides, trembling against the fabric of her skirts. "Mom," Peet said, his voice tight and shaky. "Mom, please. I'm-" "You're what ," she cut him off. I held my breath, moving around the opposite side of the worktable, looking between her and Peet and trying to predict her next move. I realized too late that I'd left the rolling pin sitting on the table. "Are you sorry ? Is that the bullshit that was about to come out of your mouth, boy?" Peeta caught my eye as she reached for the rolling pin. We'd worked out a system. How to help each other. Without a word we could ask for help or keep each other from stepping in when she started in on us. More often than not it was better to just let her get it out of her system. A slap and a string of humiliating put downs wasn't that hard to get through, and it saved us both from an actual beating later on. That's not what she was gearing up for. Not by a long shot. "Please," Peeta shrank against the ovens, his voice barely audible. "Do you know how much that just cost us?" Mom shrieked, advancing on him and shifting her grip on the rolling pin. "What a fuck-up like this does to our reputation? Do you ?" I took a step closer as she slapped him. "What am I going to say to Michael Fisk when he shows up here tomorrow morning looking for that fucking cake? Do you think we can afford refunding that kind of order? What about the fucking cancellations we're going to get when word gets out my god damn cake decorator is an incompetent waste of space ?" I looked back toward the stairs, hoping Dad would hear her and wake up. "Mom! Please!" Peeta's voice cracked and I turned around to see him curl in on himself, see the rolling pin come down on his head, and hear the sharp smack of his head hitting the floor. "Mom! Stop! STOP IT !" I threw myself across the room, barely conscious of what was pouring out of my mouth, and hooked my arm around her waist. I snatched the rolling pin out of her hand and swung her behind me, letting her fall to the ground as I dove for Peeta. "Peet? Peeta !" His eyes were closed, blood pouring from the back of his skull. I took his head in my hands, turning his face towards me. He looked peaceful. He looked dead . I looked back towards Mom, my voice completely foreign to me when I spoke. "What the fuck did you do?" "I didn't—I don't-" she scrambled back against the cabinets, covering her mouth with her hand and staring down at Peeta. I got up and ran for the stairs, calling for Dad as I went. When I pushed open his bedroom door he was sitting up in bed and trying to shake himself out of sleep. "What?" he asked, rubbing his hand over his eyes. "Dad-" my voice caught in my throat. What the fuck was I supposed to say? He took one look at my blood-covered hands, the rolling pin still clutched in one of them, and was out of bed and past me before I could get a coherent thought together. I followed him down the stairs to the bakery kitchen, my heart pounding in my ears, and nearly crashed into him at the bottom of the steps. "Go get Dr. Lawrence," he said, his voice cold and low and even. I couldn't move. He turned and grabbed the rolling pin from my hands. " Now ." "Okay," I nodded, squeezing past him and looking towards Mom. She had moved towards Peeta and sat cradling his head in her lap, tears streaming down her face and blood soaking the front of her dress. The sight of it made me want to vomit, and I had to push the impulse down as I ran for the doctor's office, silently pleading with whatever higher power there was to keep Peet from dying. Or bring him back to life. Not my brother. Not like this. I threw myself against the door to Dr. Lawrence's office, jamming my shoulder against it before I remembered to turn the knob. It was locked. Of course it was, it was after sundown on a Friday, why the hell would he still have office hours? I ran to the back of the building and up the steps to the second floor entrance to the apartment he shared with his wife. They knew us. Too well. Late night house calls were too regular. I pounded my fist against the door, calling for him and craning to see past the curtains that hung across the window in the door. His wife moved them aside to peer out at me before opening it. "Rye? What-" she cut herself off when she saw the blood on my hands, taking a breath before turning to call out over her shoulder, " Trent !" She opened the door wider, stepping back to let me in. I couldn't move, and I didn't know what to say, so I just watched her open the closet door on the left and pull out the heavy black bag Dr. Lawrence used for house calls. He appeared a moment later, his shoulders sagging at the sight of me, and took the bag from her hands before following me down the stairs. "What happened?" he asked, trailing a few steps behind me as we crossed the square. I wanted to run. I hated his pace. Too slow; always too slow. "She hit him—I couldn't really see. His head I think," I stammered, too shaky to get a coherent thought together. I kept hearing that smack over and over. "It was a rolling pin—he hit the floor. Fuck,