Disclaimer: the characters and all recognizable situations belong to Stephanie Meyer - Last I looked I wasn't her... this story is a work of fan fiction, except or course for the legends and histories of the Quileute Nation that, of course, belong to them. Beta'ed by the incredible Mrstrentreznor. Pre-read by the amazing SparklingFae. This story contains character death Out of Reach "Daddy… Daddy… lookit." I turned and watched the energetic five year old that was barreling toward me. I squatted down, and gathered the small body of the little girl up into my arms and then swung her high in the air. Her squeal of laughter was a balm to my soul. It was what I lived for. "Whatcha got, sweet pea?" I tucked her against my side and started walking toward the house. She held out her tiny hand and uncurled her fingers. There was a slightly crumpled and wilted looking four leaf clover. "Auntie 'Chel said it would be good luck." "That's right. A four leaf clover is supposed to bring good luck to the person that finds it. Do you want me to hold it so it doesn't get lost?" She nodded and handed it to me. She watched solemnly while I tucked it into my shirt pocket. I tapped my hand on the top of the pocket, smiled and then said, "There you go… all safe and sound." "I gonna keep it forever." "You are?" "Yep…" she replied. "If it's good luck then maybe it will bring Mommy home." I inhaled sharply and closed my eyes for just a second. "No sweet pea, I don't think it will bring Mommy back to us." I had met Bella, years before when she had spent the summers with her father. We had been buddies, climbing trees, chasing puppies and making mud pies together. I hadn't known then that she would grow up to become my best friend, and mother to this precious angel in my arms. Anna was Bella's daughter by birth, but she became my daughter by choice. It was a situation that was beyond my control and one that I didn't expect. But it was a position that I loved. Almost without meaning to, my mind went back to the terrible day, just a little over a year ago, when I had received the phone call that had changed my world. It started out just like any other day. I had gotten out of bed, drank my coffee, ran three miles on the trail and then showered and headed for work. I grabbed breakfast on the way, stopping in at the canteen where Sue already had my usual packed up and ready to go. The bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on whole wheat bread was gone by the time I made it to the barn. I was instantly bombarded with questions. "Hey Jake, Mr. Wilson wants to know if he can come look at that gelding this afternoon." I nodded my head at Quil and kept walking. "Hey man, think you can give me a hand over here?" Embry shouted. "Sure, give me a minute and I'll be right there." I replied. From the look of things he was shoeing a horse, or maybe the horse was trying to shoe him. I shook my head at the comical sight and kept moving. "They've screwed up your order, Jake," Paul said as I entered the office. "What did they do this time?" "They sent your feed to Seattle and the saddles you ordered to Billings. Your tires are on back order but the good news is that the hay will be here on time. They say it's going to be another two days before they can get everything else delivered, longer for the tires." I plopped down in the seat behind the desk and rested my head in my hands. "The hay will be here in time," I repeated. "That's just because it's coming from the Stanley farm on the other side of town." I sighed, "Okay then, send Quil to Port Angeles to the tack shop. Have him buy us an extra saddle and bridle. That should get us by until the ones I special ordered get here. The tires on the truck should be alright until the new ones come in," Paul nodded and turned to leave the room. "And then tell whoever it is on the phone that I expect a discount, I need something to make up for the inconvenience," I shouted as he walked away. I barely saw his head nod before he started talking into the phone once again. I followed him out of the room and went to help Embry. After that the time went by quickly. It was filled with cleaning, working the horses and barn repairs, both the minor and the major. In fact, you could almost say it went by in a blur, until it didn't. I'll never forget that moment. The moment that changed my life, forever. "Jake, dude, phone." "I can't let go right now, take a message." In the background I could hear the soft murmur of Embry's voice. And then suddenly, he was there beside me handing me the phone. "I think you need to take this one, it sounds important." I got off the horse I was working and reached for the handset. "This is Black." "Jacob Black?" "That's me." I absently replied, reaching for the lead rope a few feet away. "Jake, this is Rosalie McCarty, Bella's friend." "Oh, hey Rose, what can I do you for?" "Look, there's no easy way to say it so I'll just come out and say it. There's been an accident. Anna's fine, she's here with me and Emmett, but Bella… well… it's not looking good." I stood up straight and my eyes focused on the horizon that stretched out in front of me. The voice toiled on but I didn't hear a word she said. My mind stopped on accident and Bella. "What's wrong with Bella? What happened?" "It was a teenager; she was texting and ran a red light. They had to cut Bella out of the car. Right now they have her stabilized, but they're not sure she's going to make it. You need to come." I started walking toward fence and the barn that loomed in the distance. I could feel the eyes of my friends boring into my back. "Tell 'em…" my voice cracked. "Just do whatever you need to do to save her. I'm on my way." I let the phone drop onto the floor and shouted over my shoulder. "Take care of things around here. Paul, you and Rachel check on Dad. I'm not sure how long I'll be gone." I pumped the pedal on my bike and gunned the engine as it took off down the road. My back tire spun in the gravel but I didn't let that slow me down. Within minutes the little red house came into view and I left the engine running while I ran inside. The door slammed behind me and I took off down the hall, my legs eating up the distance. "Jake, where's the fire?" "No fire, it's Bella. She's been in a wreck." I paused and caught my dad's eyes. I knew he could see the fear and uncertainty in mine. "It's not good. They don't think she's going to make it." I pushed the panic down and forced myself to focus on the task at hand. If I didn't I wouldn't make it. I turned and headed into my room. I picked up the first things that I saw, luckily some freshly laundered clothes still waiting to be put up, and stuffed them into a backpack. Seconds later I was in the bathroom grabbing my toothbrush and deodorant. I strode back through the house, in and out in less than five minutes. "Be careful, son." "I always am." "Jacob, I mean it. What will happen to Bella, or Anna, if you get yourself killed on the way there?" I shrugged and kept walking. "Do you have any money?" He shouted from the doorway. "No, but I have my debit card. It will do." Dad nodded. "Call me when you know something." I swung my leg over the seat of the bike and shouted, "I will. Love you, Old Man." "I love you, too." I couldn't hear his words, but I could read his lips. I took off for the highway, determined to make the six hour journey much shorter. The road was familiar. It was a trip that I had taken on many occasions. Bella was, after all, my best friend. She was the person that knew me better than anyone else. It had been that way since we had met. " Jacob, come here. You have company." I tore through the house from my bedroom, leaving my hot wheels cars scattered all over the floor. It didn't matter. I knew my friends and whichever one it was that came to play with me would want to play auto shop too. Usually we played outside, but that was out of the question today, it had been raining nonstop for several hours. " Who's here, Mom?" " She's sitting on the couch. Go and make her feel comfortable." She? I walked through the doorway and saw a tiny slip of a thing huddled into the corner of the sofa. She looked scared. I frowned, my forehead creasing between my eyes. She shouldn't be scared. I decided right then that I needed to make her smile; I walked right up to the girl that was sitting in my living room. "Who are you?" " Bella," her voice was barely more than a whisper. I looked around the room. Nothing was out of place. It was the same TV on a low table and the same worn out, comfortable furniture. "How'd ya get here?" " My Daddy brought me." " Hummph… who's that?" " Charlie… Charlie Swan." I nodded my head. I knew Charlie. He was over at my house a lot. " I'm Jake. Wanna watch cartoons?" " Sure…" " Here, you pick first." I showed her the movies that we had. " That one." I looked down surprised when she pointed to The Lion King. I had been certain that she was going to chose Cinderella or Snow White. We spent the day, first watching Simba defeat Scar and then we watched Tarzan. When the rain finally let up, we went outside and I pretended to be the "Lord of the Jungle" and she was my Jane. And then, when we got tired of that¸ we played bigfoot, first covering ourselves in mud from one end to the other and then rolling around in the grass so that we were "furry." I smiled at the memory. In fact, I still had the pictures somewhere. There used to be one on Charlie's mantle. I wonder what Bella did with that one? I sighed, knowing her it was probably in an album somewhere. That summer had sealed our friendship. Bella spent a lot of time hanging out with me on the reservation. She stayed with us while Charlie worked and she stayed with us when he joined my dad and Harry Clearwater for their weekly fishing trips. Bella was fun to be around, even if she was just a girl. She didn't care if she got dirty and she would do almost anything that she was dared to, even eat a worm. By the time that summer was over and Bella had to go home, we were best buds. We exchanged addresses, phone numbers and emails, and we talked with each other, in some form or fashion, almost every day. Charlie, just the thought of him made me smile. I missed him and I knew that Bella did to. He was my second father and the only constant parent that she'd had in her life. By the time Bella