Disclaimer: the characters and all recognizable situations belong to Stephanie Meyer - Last I looked I wasn't her... this story is a work of fan fiction, except for the legends and histories of the Quileute Nation which, of course, belong to them. Beta'ed by the incredible Mrstrentreznor. Pre-read by the fantastic iamtwilightobsessed-MP and the amazing SparklingFae. Banner by the spectacular GoldenGirl at Printing Paws. Chapter 1 The Swan hooked her leg up on the silver column that ran from the ceiling to the floor and leaned back, spinning around. Her hair flew out behind her and she thrust her chest up, arching her spine. The cowboy hat that was part of her costume, fell backward and hung down her back. Her arm rose, snagging the tie and pulling it over her head. She dangled it off her finger and then she tossed it to the side. She rose up and twirled around, with her back to the audience, keeping one hand on the pole and the other on her hip. The arm stayed vertical until after she stopped and dropped down into a backbend. Long blonde hair swept the floor and she moved her head from left to right, swinging her hair around. The beat of the music changed, and just like it had been choreographed, The Swan lifted herself up and whirled around again, this time reversing direction and moving forward. She closed her eyes and let the low thrum of the music move through her body. It seemed as if her hips moved all by themselves. Her body rocked from side to side and then she undulated, her hips circling around and around. She picked herself up, both feet leaving the ground and swirled, her arm and leg wrapped around the silver post. The Swan twisted both legs around the pole and then lifted her torso into the air and spun. One arm lifted her hair and then dropped it, letting it cascade down her back. Hand over hand, she climbed up and then sat back and extended her legs in front of her. She pulsed her pelvis in time to the beat, the pole firmly in place between her thighs as she rocked on it. First one leg and then the other kicked out, before she straightened them both into a V, keeping the metal rod even with the crack of her ass. The Swan pumped her hips, pulled her legs down even with her body and wrapped her ankles one over the other. And then she let go of the post with her hands altogether. Long arms extended above her head and she drifted downward, until they touched the floor. She kicked back with her legs and tumbled, feet over head and then into an upright position. The dancer dropped down into the splits, and leaned forward, bringing her head down on the floor between her legs. This was the time that she always tried to engage the audience. She wanted every man there to feel as if it were a private dance, just for them. She skimmed over the yelling mass that pressed up against the stage. First, she made eye contact with your average blonde hair, blue eyed, boy next door. The Swan stared at him and bit her lower lip. He waved a wad of cash around and tried to get her to come closer. She glanced to his left and slightly behind him. She licked her lips when she met the gaze of a red headed, Howdie Dowdie type. The woman danced over to where they were pushing up against the stage and turned her back to them, shaking her ass hard. She heard their cat calls and moans and she grinned a sultry little smile. She squatted down in front of them and looked over her shoulder. She was rewarded with bills being shoved into the elastic of her underwear. The Swan stood and looked around the area again. Her chest moved up and down with the thump of the beat and she kept my eyes in almost constant motion. There was the group of middle aged men that were out for a night without the wives. There were the typical frat boys and jocks, even a few groups that were on their bachelorette parties, and then the ones that were just there to chill. Mixed in with all of them, were the ones that came for an easy score, someone that they could fuck, someone that wouldn't ask questions. She dropped to the floor and lay down on her stomach and stretched her legs out behind. Her ass gleamed with sweat. She pumped it up into the air, then back down and them up again. It seemed to move almost of its own accord. She rolled over and pushed back into a standing position, danced her way to the pole and then twisted around it, keeping one hand on the metal column at a time. She turned so that her back was leaning against the steel post and did squats, slithering up and down with the pole centered in her back. She shifted position, spread her legs and then bent over and dropped her head between her spread thighs. The Swan twisted again so that she was facing the metal beam and swirled her body around it. She lifted her legs and the momentum carried her around. One leg was out straight and the other was bent back, the post between her thigh and calf. She slowed down until she was almost on the floor, and then she straightened both legs out and landed in the splits. The dancer moved, one leg at a time, always staying in a splits position, lifting her body only enough to swing a leg forward, basically walking into the next spot. The edge of the stage was right in front of her when she twisted around and pushed up. Her ass briefly hung over the men that were sitting there. She thrust it up and down a couple of times and then stood, reached long arms above her head and stretched. She knew that if she were to glance over her shoulder just then, she would see hands moving toward her, trying to touch. Of course that wasn't allowed, not unless you paid for a private dance and this dancer tended to avoid those. She swayed from side to side, pushing her hips in different directions, and then she kicked off, her hands hit the floor and legs swinging over my head. She didn't lift up right away; instead, she extended her legs, one at a time perpendicular with her body. She kept my toes pointed while she bent and then straightened her knees. She took a deep breath in and with a slow, controlled movement; lowered her legs in an upside down splits, and then shifted her body until she was balanced on her hands. Her body came to rest on the floor, rocked back into a flip and then she stood, facing the audience. Once again, she was up against the cold metal post. She breathed deep, knowing that the hardest part of the routine was coming up next. The Swan grabbed the cold rod and lifted her body, extended her legs on either side and then pulled them up and over her head. She was hanging upside down on the column on the stage. One at a time she bent and then extended her legs over and over until she reached the point in the song, where she could lift her torso and hug the pole. Her legs slid down until both feet were on the floor. For a few seconds, she was granted a short respite. It didn't last long enough. With muscles screaming, she grabbed the post with both hands above her head, lifted again and for the second time, her legs rose until they were above her head. They twisted around the post and she let go with her hands, stretching out so that they would touch the floor first, and she let herself slide down. The tips of her fingers touched, followed quickly by her palms. She used her arms to walk outward, until she was lying on the floor with the post between my legs. The dancer rolled so that she was on her back, stretching one leg out while she moved around the post. When she was flat on the stage, her chest lifted and at the same time she brought one leg up straight until her forehead touched her knee. She did this same move with the opposite leg and then lowered it down to the stage. The Swan leaned back, pushed her chest up and her head tilted backward. Right as the music ended, she pushed her body off the stage and held the position. The crowd went wild. Her chest heaved and she tried to catch her breath. Seconds later, the lights dimmed and she slowly sank to the floor. Then she quickly got up and ran behind the curtain to change clothes. It was scary as fuck to dance on a pole in nothing but a bra, and a matching pair of boy shorts. Back in the dressing room she had a fringe covered vest that she would put on. She even had a badge that pinned onto the front of the outfit. She snorted, she was supposed to be the new sheriff in town. She wasn't sure what it was about that particular look that the men liked but... oh well, it gave her some extra cash. How on earth they ever agreed to let her fill in, she didn't know, but she loved it. It was empowering. The woman loved knowing that at this very minute, there was a room full of men all shifting in their seats, trying to ease their cocks into a more comfortable position. What made it even better was that this was a part time gig, one that she was doing just to help her roommate out. Angela had been her best friend since sixth grade. When her dad had suffered a heart attack, Bella had offered to fill in for her at the club so that Angela wouldn't lose her job. No one here would ever connect the stripper, The Swan, with the prim and proper Isabella Swan, English major. It was like living a double life, one where she could experiment with her exhibitionist nature. And damn but it paid; well at least it did most of the time. She plucked the ones, fives and tens from her thong and hid them in the secret compartment of her lipstick case. Just from the dance alone she had almost $300.00. And the night was still young. She ripped off the mask that she wore and adjusted the blonde wig that was used as a disguise. The Swan had made it a condition of her employment. She slipped on the cowboy boots and vest that went with her outfit. She added a wide belt that sat low on her hips, a pair of holsters and two cap guns. The entire ensemble looked like something you might find in the role playing section of any adult toy store. She wasn't sure what men found sexy about a cowgirl, maybe it was the image they got of being ridden? She would remember that snarky little thought. She might could put a twist on it later on, it might help her get more in tips. Bella ran the brush through her fake hair, coated her lips with a fresh coat of lipstick and grabbed the tray. Before the next act was over, the dancer was headed out the door, ready to hit the floor and earn some more money. oOoOoOoOoOoOoOo In the back of the room, up against the bar, three men stood and watched the show. "So what do you think? I told you she was amazing, didn't I?" Embry smirked. "Yeah man, you really did.