Chapter 1- Switched Marie's POV Maybe getting Diana to drive wasn't the greatest idea. Her driving isn't bad; in fact she is a much better driver than Ella (which is saying something). While Diana is driving she explains how she is beginning to remembers some simple information about herself. Apparently Diana had to listen to Highland music when driving in the past. She couldn't talk to her passengers before she was this good. I wouldn't want to be the person to teach her. The problem with Diana driving is that as soon as we drive into her neighborhood, sentries see her and sound the alarm. Diana doesn't notice the red eyes glaring from the windows, or the fact that her so-called neighbors are nowhere to be seen. I look back to see if anyone else has noticed, only to find that everyone else except Aelix is asleep. Diana's boyfriend has my boyfriend using him as a pillow. I never realized how similar they look; their hair, black and curly; pale complexion; their structure- Nathan is more chiseled. Their differences are more apparent. Where Nathan is totally relaxed and confident, Aelix is worrisome and doubtful. Aelix has a certain intensity about him that's unhealthy for a relationship. I would know, being an Aphrodite kid. I turn and lean towards him. "I'm not liking these red eyed neighbors," I comment. Aelix nods. "Red eyes means Ares's has control over them," Aelix points out. "Thank you Captain obvious," I deadpan. Diana, apparently able to hear us over her alternative rock music, looks back at us through the mirror. "Don't worry about it. It's completely normal," Diana says. After saying those words, the car lurches to a stop, as if it hit something. Diana instantly starts to unbuckle her seatbelt. "No! That's what they want!" Aelix exclaims, grabbing Diana's arm "They want to lure you out!" Diana huffs. "There's going to be a point where I face them. Why not now?" Diana reasons. She jerks away from Aelix and jumps out of the car before we can say another word. Aelix swears. He sets Nathan down, grabs his weapon- a crossbow- out and on his arm. I grab my throwing knife bag. Our movements cause Sky, Justin, and Reilly to stir and wake up. "What the hell?" Reilly groggily moans. "Why are we stopped?" Justin asks. "The whole neighborhood is full of Ares' lackies," I report "We think they stopped the car. Diana ran out and Aelix followed." The three of them leave the car, their weapons drawn, despite all of my protests. A minute passes by. "Aw hell," I mutter. I leave the car. Reilly, Justin, and Aelix are protecting the van while Diana and Sky fight off red eyed attackers. I join the two girls. "Reilly! wake up Cole to fix the van!" I holler back to our second line of defense while taking out three oncoming goons. Cole crawls under the car. I take on two girls and a guy. The first girl comes at me with a sword. I roll away to my right to get away from her measly attempt to slice me in half. From the ground, I slice her at the patella causing her to collapse to the ground in pain right beside me. I knock the butt of my knife against her head, knocking her out cold. The second girl tries to straight-on jump me but I sink a throwing knife into her shoulder. She screams in pain, collapsing to the ground, where I knock her guy launches his spear at me. I duck and grab it before jumping to a standing position, launch it back, it sails awkwardly, spinning and then hitting him in the head. Since no other attackers are present, I decide to check on the others. Cole struggles to fix the van. Justin and Aelix battle five people at the same time. Diana and Sky are on the other side of the van. When I reach a place I can see them, I am frozen in shock. Diana is kneeling on the ground next to Sky, who has an arrow protruding from her chest and stomach. All of the sentries are encased in a purple light, statue-still. Purple light also glows from Diana's hands, which are on Sky's stomach. Sky is breathing heavily. I approach cautiously. "I... I... I... I can't," Diana sobs. The purple glow grows in intensity. I place a hand on Diana's shoulder. "Concentrate," I confidently order. I turn around to give her room. I am met by a wall of muscle.A six foot tall, 250 pound soldier tackles me to the ground. Another grabs Diana, while a third gags and blindfolds her. The guy who has me pinned positions us in such a way that I can watch my friend being captured and Sky's life fading until it, and Diana, are gone. I feel his hot breath on my ear. The guy tightens his grip. "Wanna know what we are going to do?" I whimper as he puts more weight on my legs. "We are going to take your precious, innocent friend and destroy the person she is. She's going to kill her friends and do very bad things to innocent people," he slithers. "No Diana will not. She knows deep down who the real enemy is, and will not succumb to your tortures. She is stronger than you think," I spit at him. I think back to the undercover training I did with Ares, trying to remember what his plan actually is, however I can't seem to recall any of it. A cracking noise draws my attention away from my thoughts. I realize that my attacker has been removed by Nathan hitting him over the head. Nathan stands above me, offering a hand. I take it; Nathan pulls me up into a grizzly bear hug. "Where's Diana? What happened to Sky?" Nathan asks. We part and my boyfriend looks me in the eyes, his navy blue orbs calming me down instantly. "They... They took her!" I exclaim, fighting back tears " And Sky... I watched her die." I can't hold back the tsunami. I hear two sets of footsteps. "Hey! Oh..." Cole says "Ugh, the cars fixed so we are going to get the hell out of here and regroup." "So sorry to sound like a heartless dick, but you can cry in the car." Reilly finishes. Nathan helps me to the van. I am too distraught to do anything but stare at the back of Justin's head. Reilly drives out of the neighborhood to a path in the woods for campers and trailers, only a few blocks away from Diana's house. Everyone is awake now and asking what happened. Reilly explains how the van was attacked, Diana left to defend us, got captured, how Cole fixed the car whilst Aelix, Sky and I defended it, and how Diana was with Sky when she died. The scene replays in my head; how helpless Diana looked at me. She definitely cares about life; of other people and her own. However I know she will put other people's lives before her own if need be. I remember her trying to heal the fatal wound; what she didn't know was that the arrow had punctured Sky's stomach and the acids were eating her alive. She had a small chance of living. Diana's magic could have healed Sky, given she had the time to. Nathan squeezing my shoulder pulls me back to the present. "Marie? If you don't want to do this, you don't have to," Mark, Martin's boyfriend, tells me. I forgot he was here with us. "Do what?" I ask whilst sitting up straighter. "Diana thought-" Aelix's voice cracks. He clears his throat, swallowing his sadness. "She thought you and Nathan could pretend to be under the mind control. She magic'd up some colored contacts. While you were sneaking in, Diana was going to create a distraction. Ammon was then going to storm in with Mark, Justin and Reilly to rescue all captives. Ajax, Cole and myself were going to wait here. I guess Cole could create the distraction while you wait here and I go with Nathan?" "No. I will go" I firmly state. Aelix throws back two sets of contacts. "If you say so." Joselyn's POV In my time of being a demigod at Camp Halfblood, I've faced a lot of monsters. Eva and I once went up against a hydra and a chimera with only chopsticks for a weapon (weirdest Chinese food restaurant ever). I was in the infirmary due to breaking a tailbone. I faced an ogre during a shopping trip; made it out with some wicked bruises and scratches. One of my ex's turned out to be an emposai; had to get stitches and a poison flush. Not to mention when I got a concussion recently. None of it compares to the pain I feel right now. The second thing I notice after regaining consciousness is the gut wrenching stench; blood, tears, and sweat. I am facing a brick stone wall lined with Diana's brothers. Each one has a number marked on their forehead with one through five missing. And IV drip is close in my sight however too far to reach; I am tied to a chair. An annoying beep comes from the machine attached to the IV which is followed by some of the teal liquid flowing into me, sending out a wave of pain. It feels as if every atom in my body is simultaneously breaking away from each other and then rejoining. I hear a few groans from behind me. "Joselyn? Eva? Sandra?" I hear Kacey groan. "Right beside you," Eva groans "Anyone know what the painful substance is?" Another wave of pain comes. "It's a poison," Sandra struggles to say. "It's the venom of a basilisk mixed with extasy. It isn't lethal but the reaction to our blood is what causes the pain and feeling of your atoms splitting and rejoining." Sandra screams in pain as she is given a bigger dose. "Very good," a creepy voice comes from the shadows. Ugene steps out from a dark corner in my peripheral vision. His image flickers. "What the f-" "Funny," he interrupts me "I thought you would try a measly attempt to escape. "Ugene," I snarl. He makes three clicking noises with his mouth, shaking his head and pacing slowly. "See, funny thing is, you don't really know me. You don't know my name, who I really am." His image flickers and Chris Nealson appears. But it's not exactly Chris... "You were pretending to be Ugene!" Eva exclaims. "If you girls look in that cage, next to the torture devices-" A pang of pain hits me. It can only mean one thing: someone nearby is going to die. "-you can see Martin, the real Ugene, and Wendy Summers," Eva finishes. The guy looks at Eva with a new interest. "Evaline Malone... To what do I have the pleasure?" Chris-but-not-Chris dramatically asks with crisp sarcasm. "Last time I saw you, it was about ten years ago... When you had my twin locked up!" "Twin?!" Sandra, Kacey and I exclaim in unison. "I thought Ares killed you," Eva darkly says. "Bad habits die hard, amirite?" he smirks "I think I should give you all a prize for being so clever!" He skips over to the wall of tortures with an evil and sadistic gleam in his eye. Another wave of pain causes black spots to dance in my vision, blinding me for a solid ten seconds. I hear the sounds of my friend's pain, of metal scraping against metal, and a whimper. My vision snaps to see Chris' twin holding a very drugged Derrek in front of me. "Joselyn Hunt... Daughter of Hades," The twin coos. I jerk my body to try and get free, but it's no use. "You probably already know what's coming," he laughs. He readies the ax in