Nico stood in the pavilion with the rest of camp. Chiron was going over a few announcements and rules due to a recent influx of new campers. Like he usually would, Nico zoned out and played with his skull ring, twisting it around his finger. Blah blah, remember not to go out at night because of the harpies. Blah blah no sleeping in a cabin which isn't your parents. Blah blah no inappropriate displays of affection in public. Nico smirked. He broke all of those rules yesterday with Will. He was the Ghost King and the harpies should fear HIM. Chiron continued babbling on. Nico wondered why the whole camp had to be here for the rules portion. They all knew the rules of camp. I'd have to know the rules to know how to break them , Nico smugly thought. Chiron droned on for what seemed like forever. Nico was honestly about to fall asleep when something caught his ear. Chiron had just mentioned something about tomorrow. Nico decided that this might be important. "... just a reminder to everyone that tomorrow is St. Patrick's Day. Even though some of you may be the legal drinking age, or have a means to get alcoholic drink, know that drinking tomorrow-" Chiron glared at where the Dionysus cabin typically congregated "- is strictly prohibited and will be highly punished. Every single person will be punished." Oh right, St Patrick's day…. Nico thought. Nico was Italian, but that didn't stop him from appreciating an excuse to celebrate anything. He remembered one year ago when the Dionysus Head counselor was selling booze to everyone and Chiron made them clean the pegasi stables for a month. He shivered at the thought of that. "To those who would consider drinking tomorrow in order to numb any sort of sadness-" Nico swore that Percy and Jason gave him a worried glance to him. He HAD been through literal Tartarus, and he HAD gotten drunk before to numb the pain, but all that was behind him. He learned pretty quickly that getting your boyfriend to pump out your stomach is not a great way to celebrate Christmas. "-there are better ways to deal with that. We have demigods here who can help counsel you through it" Jason slid over closer to Nico. "Hey man, you, ugh, doing anything tomorrow?" Jason not-so smoothly asked. Nico could tell he was worried about him. "I'll be fine, Grace." Jason eyed him warily. "Are you sure? You said that at Christmas before-" "I know. Christmas was hell. At least, the parts I remember…" Percy slid up next to Jason. "So Nico, don't drink too much. I know how much of a light weight you are…" Nico scoffed at them. "Guys, I'm not drinking." Nico told them to pay attention to Chiron. The boys obeyed. Chiron went on with the effects of alcoholism, blood poisoning, and sparring under the influence. He also talked about how we would become a danger to our friends since some of us are very powerful. Once Chiron was finished, he dismissed the camp. The rest of the seven immediately approached the three boys. "So, I heard that the Dionysus cabin is going to be selling stuff, but it will be through the Hermes cabin. Anyone planning on drinking?" Piper informed them, making sure Chiron wasn't anywhere near by. They all looked at Nico. "Guys, I am honestly not drinking," the Ghost King said defensively. "Whatever you say Nico…" Piper said. "If anything, I will make sure YOU don't make too much of a fool of yourself," Nico teased back. Piper gave him an incredulous look. "Oh, Pipes you know how much of a light weight you are," Jason chuckled. Piper playfully smacked her boyfriend on the shoulder. "I know I for one am going to stay sober," Annabeth said. She planted a kiss on Percy's cheek. "Someone has to keep this Seaweed brain from accidentally causing a tsunami." The group all chuckled as Percy blushed a little but did not deny it. The group went on to talk about where at Camp Halfblood they could drink. Hazel suggested the Hades cabin- a notion Nico did not agree with- and Percy suggested his cabin since he was alone in there. Everyone agreed that Jason's cabin was too risky, being Zeus' cabin and all. No one else really had a cabin to themself. Nico was asked if Will would be joining; the Ghost king replied honestly that he did not know Will's plans. He assumed Will would be in the infirmary all day, just in case any stomachs had to be pumped or people got into alcohol-related accidents. Will was too busy to meet Nico today due to an influx of new campers needing to get physical examinations, and a few needing actual medical treatment. If Will does join them tomorrow, he won't be drinking. Nico knew his boyfriend wasn't into getting intoxicated. The group headed towards the arena to spar. They all decided to do that until supper, which was in three hours. Nico decided to stray from the group and go check up on his boyfriend. Nico always thought Will in his doctor uniform was sexy. Nico didn't typically liked doctors or nurses, however Will made him comfortable; whether it was his boyfriend healing him, or if he was there for emotional support. Nico had found this out when he spent three days straight in the infirmary after defeating Gaea. Nico signed in with the chick at the 'front desk', entered the infirmary, and waited for his boyfriend to finish up bandaging a new camper's leg. Apparently the patient was attacked outside the border, along with a few friends. Will grabbed some crutches, a bottle that Nico knew had Nectar in it, and returned to the patient. They thanked Will numbly, the shock of being half god still in them. Will turned to wear Nico was standing, gesturing the way to escape to the newcomer, and smiled upon seeing Nico. Don't get Nico started on how Will smiling at the sight of him gave the Ghost King life. Nico swore that Will's smile could cure any disease or illness. Will approached Nico; on his way he informed one of his siblings that he was going on break. Will embraced Nico in a loving embrace, dipped him and kissed him. In front of most of the infirmary. Will and Nico typically kept Public Displays of Affection to a minimum in public, so Will must have been really stressed at work. Even so, Nico melted into his boyfriend's arms, fiercely returning the kiss and pulling him close. They separated, remembering that the infirmary was not the best place to do that sort of activity. "How are you doing?" Nico breathlessly asked. Will sighed, laughing a little, which just about gave Nico his answer. "Busy busy day. Any specific reason you came?" Will replied. He stepped back, inspected Nico's body for any sign of injury. "I'm fine, I just came to see you," Nico diffused his boyfriend's worry. "Have any plans tomorrow?" Will asked. He put his hands in his scrub pockets, an air of concern in his words. "Yes. Watching my friends get shitfaced while staying sober. We were thinking either Hades cabin or Poseidon's cabin," Nico told Will. "Let's hope Poseidon cabin, that way we can have the Hades cabin all to ourselves…" Will winked. Nico blushed. "Well, Hazel is here so not exactly," Nico said. Will shrugged. "I don't think she will mind us watching Netflix on the other side of room." Nico chuckled. He gave Will another peck on the lips. Nico asked if he could help out in the infirmary in any way. Will thought about what task Nico could do. Will swept his eyes over the infirmary, his eyes caught onto something. He smiled mischievously at Nico. Will led Nico over to the far end of the infirmary, near an empty hospital bed. Nico look at Will, confused. Will presented him with a large basket. Two hours later, Nico brought up the clean sheets and hospital gowns with regret on his face. Will chuckled as he helped Nico start to fold them and put them in the appropriate cabinets. "Some of these stank like a hellhound's fart," Nico drearily told Will. Will almost busted a gut laughing at Nico's commentary. "Hey, you asked how you could help!" Will replied amidst laughs. "I'm getting payback for that, Solace," Nico playfully threatened, half serious. Will pouted playfully at the son of Hades. Nico chuckled. "So," Nico said, back to being serious, "When's supper?" "As soon as we are done folding." Will replied. "Fortunately, I am off for supper." Nico picked up the long johns he had been folding. He placed them into the empty cabinet. "When was the last time you cleaned these?" Nico questioned. Will shrugged. "We do not use any dirty cloths, and we have a lot of hospital wear. Also we don't always need people to wear those," Will answered. He grabbed a pile of linens and placed them in a separate cabinet. The two boys returned to the mountain of clean clothes and bedspreads. Nico made a comment of how this beast has yet to be tamed; Will chuckled. The two boys conquered the beast together. "Where have you two been the past few hours?" Jason asked the two boys while in line for food. The son of Zeus/Jupiter looked them up and down. He took note that both boys were tired but not sweating. He figured they probably were not engaging in any couple activities. They also did not do anything physically demanding. Just as Jason was about to try and guess, Will gave him an answer. "Nico helped around the infirmary. We just finished folding laundry," the son of Apollo answered. They all received their spaghetti and moved on to the toppings station. Nico piled on a lot of fresh vegetables- which Will was glad to see, since Nico had been known for eating the bare minimum that was socially acceptable- as well as the meat sauce. Will did the same, sprinkling parmesan on his own plate. Jason, on the other hand, piled on meat mostly. They all went to their respective tables, Will to the Apollo table, and Jason and Nico to the Big Three table. Percy was already there, happily vacuuming his plate off. Jason told him to slow down, or the Ghost King would have to bring him back from the dead. "I'm not going to choke," Percy said through a mouthful of pasta. "If anything kills me in the next twenty-four hours, it will be alcohol poisoning." Jason and Percy looked warily at Nico, recounting what happened at Christmas. Nico knew they were thinking about it. "Just make sure we have enough water to heal him. And if that doesn't work, we could always send him to his father," Nico joked. Percy playfully, lightly, punched him. Hazel sat down; Nico hadn't noticed her coming. "You guys quiet down about tomorrow. Chiron might hear you," she said quietly. "He knows people are going to be drinking, he just wanted to scare the new people," Nico dryly commented. Nico realized he forgot to ask Will what exactly his plans were tomorrow. He eyed Will. Nico assumed Will would be in the infirmary, since Chiron is extra paranoid about people possibly getting alcohol poisoning. Hazel eyed her brother warily. "Nico?" Nico brought his head back to reality. He looked at his sister in response. Hazel looks concerned. "Nico isn't drinking. Or if he does, I will stop him," Jason proclaimed. Nico muttered about how Jason can't stop him if the son of Jupiter is trashed. Jason smiled sheepishly. Nico finished his plate. He decided to just head back to his room for the night to read. Reading was one way Nico helped cope with Tartarus memories; it was one of his healthy distractions. He got up from the table,