Disclaimer: The characters of Twilight are owned by Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. Impact's plot and original characterizations are the intellectual property of Nise7465. ~* Impact! *~ Chapter One ~Bella~ June 2008 How do you handle the most devastating experience of your life when it has lead you to the person you love more than life itself? How do you reconcile the two when your best and worst collide? The most heartbreaking thing I've ever been through has brought me to the person who has become my life. Today, I began a journey with the man who I had thought was my greatest enemy. My name is Bella Swan. I am a person with a disability. While Edward Cullen was never my doctor, he was instrumental in assessing my condition and confirming my diagnosis. Even though it was his uncle who delivered the shattering blow that devastated my life, it was Edward's expertise and knowledge that made it my truth. My first experience meeting the love of my life was overwhelming, as well as tremendously embarrassing. I met Edward a few days after Christmas, eighteen months ago. While he tried to encourage me that my life was not in fact destroyed, his words did not negate the fact that my life had been irrevocably changed. Edward Cullen didn't make me sick. It was my own body that had turned traitor on me. But, it was hard to ignore the irony of the situation; it was as if fate was laughing at me, when she sent a messenger in a wheelchair to welcome me to his world. He tried to explain his scientific basis for my diagnosis, but life as I had known it was spiraling out of control, and his words swirled around my head in a confusing vortex, while I tried desperately to make sense of the life-altering situation. His uncle had tried, in his gentle way, to soften the blow. But when Edward identified himself, my body locked down in defense. I knew what was coming and there was nothing that could have made hearing it any easier. If someone had told me that day, that I'd be making life plans with this fine specimen of a man in the near future, I'd have told them to get their head examined. People like Edward Cullen didn't fall for ordinary girls like me. Yes, meeting him had altered my life radically; I just never imagined that we would come full circle like we have. The Christmas after my 27th birthday was by far the most memorable in my life. While we learned so much about loss that holiday, it never occurred to me that in losing… I'd gain so much more. While my first meeting with Edward was an embarrassment I'd love to forget, it was a blessing in disguise that he rolled into my life that day. Christmas 2006 I was at home, baking cookies and decorating my new apartment. I'd already bought a few gifts for Charlie and Renee, as well as all the food needed to make a nice Christmas dinner. It was the first Christmas Charlie and Renee had spent together since I was a baby. Renee met a guy who was a semi-pro baseball player. They'd been seeing each other for a few months and she wanted him to come to Seattle with her. He refused, stating simply that he wasn't ready to meet Charlie or me yet. Mom had already promised to come visit before she and Phil met, and she told him she refused to change her plans. Dad seemed unsure about staying with mom and me, but the ride from Forks to Seattle was a long one and after no small amount of coercion, he agreed to stay at my place with us. We had only ever spent one or two Christmases together, the three of us, and I was excited. Charlie had booked a room at the Marriott on the waterfront, but it was only for one night and I persuaded him to sleep on my couch while Mom and I shared my bed. Charlie couldn't leave Forks until his shift at the Forks Police Department ended; Mom's flight arrived at Sea-Tac early on Christmas Eve day. We spent the afternoon drinking Christmas slush and putting together some of the dishes for Christmas dinner, because my oven was really only big enough to hold the roaster with the ham in it. Mom and I eventually went to separate rooms and wrapped a few last minute items for the next morning. Christmas Eve was going to be a simple dinner. I made Charlie's favorite- chicken enchiladas, as well as a cheese sauce and heated salsa for nachos. Renee and I were still drinking the slush when Charlie arrived. His eyes lit up in a way I'd never seen before when my mother came out of my bedroom. For a while, things were awkward, but by the time dinner was over and Charlie had also partaken of a few glasses of my slush, the conversation was flowing freely. Renee was smiling. All seemed right with the world. We spent a few hours playing Christmas music and decorating my tiny tree. We also put in the film 'It's a Wonderful Life' and watched it before turning in for the night. It was the most carefree, happy Christmas Eve I'd ever had. Then I woke up. I felt the bed move as Renee got up. I heard her walk down the hall, and in a few minutes, the toilet flushed and I heard her in the kitchen. As much as I wanted to lie in bed all day, there were so many things to do. I compromised with my conscience and decided I'd lie there just a few minutes more… As the fog lifted and I became truly awake, panic set in. I tried to rub my left eye, but my arm wouldn't budge. In my mind, I kept telling it what to do, but nothing happened. There was a strange tingling feeling as I continued to try and move it. It almost felt like I had slept with it under me. Don't panic, Bella. When I attempted to roll on my side and curl up, I found that I couldn't pull up my left leg. It had only been a few seconds since I'd awakened; just a few seconds more and complete panic set in. Something was terribly wrong. I couldn't move my left arm or leg, yet my right arm and leg seemed to be fine. It was like someone had drawn an invisible line down the center of my body. The right side of the line was alive, and the left side of the line was dead. Oh my God! What was wrong with me? I did the only thing I thought to do. I screamed. Charlie was the first to get to my room, pistol in hand as he looked around for some unknown intruder. He had no idea the assailant was my own body. The panic took my breath away. "Daddy, I can't move!" A million scenarios ran through my mind. Why can I only move one side of my body? Why is this happening to me? He tried, but failed to calm me down as the sobs took over my body. I felt like I couldn't catch my breath, almost as if I'd just finished running a marathon. A minute later, my mom ran in, reeking of cigarette smoke. She stood like a bystander gawking at an accident scene. Charlie acted calm and cool as he went into cop mode, his limited medical training kicking in. He asked me some questions, shaking his head in frustration as nothing seemed to add up. "I'm calling 911, Bells." Renee looked shocked. "But it's Christmas, Charlie!" Charlie turned beet red as he screamed at my mother, a look of disbelief on his face. "Renee, she's paralyzed! Who cares what day it is?" My dad answered the questions the dispatcher fired at him rapidly. He was pacing; failing miserably at not appearing too emotional, I could tell he was on the verge of freaking out. "Has this ever happened before?" "Um…no? I think I would remember if it had." He hung up the phone and came back to sit on my bed. "Bells, how much did you drink yesterday? I wonder if that has anything to do with this." I'd never experienced anything like this from drinking. It angered me that he questioned my abuse of alcohol; he'd been here last night. He knew I hadn't overdone it. "The slush doesn't have that much alcohol in it." I heard the sirens wailing in the distance. Charlie stood up and looked at my mom, who was sitting to my left, still clutching my limp hand. "You stay with her. I'll let them in." My dad was still acting strictly professional; it was the role he automatically slipped into when something happened beyond the grasp of his control. He'd behaved like this when Grandma Swan had her heart attack. To be honest, it scared me. It made me wonder how serious this could be. What happened overnight that had rendered my body useless? When the EMTs came in and assessed the situation, they returned with what the one referred to as a wheelchair stretcher. They said a regular stretcher wouldn't make it down the hallway and into my room; the halls were too narrow- the turns too sharp. When they got me to the living room, a regular stretcher was waiting for me. The older EMT talked in hushed tones, trying to keep me calm. He started an IV and I was glad to be lying down, my head spinning as he stuck me. When Charlie introduced himself as the chief of police in a local community, they offered to let him ride in the front of the ambulance, but he refused, saying he needed to drive Mom. The EMT who had been working on me introduced himself as Jasper, and the entire way to the hospital he kept me engaged in conversation. I felt bad that he was here, taking care of me, when it was Christmas. Christmas. I began sobbing again. The holiday was ruined, Renee said so. Jasper rubbed and squeezed my shoulder as he continued to talk to me, gently prodding me with questions as we rode through traffic. I felt fairly composed by the time we arrived at the emergency room. Jasper had a very calming effect on me; what a beneficial asset for an EMT to possess. Jasper and his partner, who I later learned was named Spencer, checked me into the emergency room. Jasper stayed in my cubicle until the nurse came in and took information from him, entering it into a small laptop computer. Jasper bid me good luck, and said he'd talk to my parents, explaining that the nurses would let them know when they could come back with me. As Jasper was pulling the curtain back to leave, a tall, lean blonde gentleman walked up to him and clapped him on the shoulder. "A merry Christmas to you, Jasper. Are you coming by this evening? We're having a small get together in the doctor's lounge up on Edward's floor." "Wouldn't miss it, Carlisle. How's he doing?" "He's battling a kidney infection right now. I suspect it is MRSA, as it's not responding to anything they've given him. The infectious disease doctor is consulting with him tomorrow." "Tell him we'll be by. Alice wouldn't miss it for the world. We'll see you and Esme later." The man, whom I assumed was my doctor, smiled and shook his head as he headed over to the tiny computer next to my bed. "So, Miss Swan…" "Bella, please," I interrupted. "Bella." He cleared his throat. "I'm Dr. Cullen. I want to do a few simple tests." I swallowed hard at the words, but in a very