A/N: Hi everyone. I know many of you are no doubt out for my blood for my long delay in posting on my other story. Well, this is part of the reason why. I started working on this about 3 years ago and only just got done writing this today. I should tell you that I have never written a story of this nature before and I'm treating this as a bit of an experiment. You will determine its success or failure. WARNING: several references and words are relatively obscure pieces of Middle Earth literature. Casual Tolkien fans may find trouble understanding certain parts. There is a word key at the bottom of this chapter to clarify the key words that must be understood in order to make sense of the story. Before the Elder King I could see nothing but swirling mist. Gray, insubstantial vapors drifted around me in a perfect circle. I shakily stood up, still unsure as to what had just happened. The surface on which I had laid upon just moments before was no longer a substantial substance as it would be generally defined. Once I'd risen, I found that I could not feel any floor beneath my feet, yet I did not have the sensation of falling. It simply felt as if I was simply floating within a perfect sphere of clear air within a sea of mist; a sphere in which gravity did not seem to exist. As I slowly revolved, trying to pierce the obscuring fog and discern what lay beyond, a voice echoed, not only through the air, but also filling my mind. The sensation of the voice was more overwhelming than anything I had ever experienced. It felt as if I was not hearing a single voice, but rather a cacophony of voices speaking in perfect harmony. Moreover, I felt an alien presence within my mind. A vast far-reaching consciousness that felt like it was permeating every corner of my mind with its power. Each separate voice rang with commanding authority and power, while the presence simply swelled within my mind in correspondence to the voice. Their combined power and might completely overwhelmed me and drove me to my knees as I cradled my throbbing head. " Welcome, Outsider," said the presence. "Your arrival is not unexpected." Fear, wonder, confusion, and doubt of my personal sanity chased each other around the small portion of my mind that was still my own to command. The Presence seemed to sense my emotions, for it seemed to become softer and less overwhelming as it gently said. "Fear not. You are in no danger." After an undetermined length of time, I finally found my voice. "You-you've been expecting me?" " Indeed," came the reply. "All the parallel worlds within the multiverse are overseen by a power. We are always aware of each other, and occasionally converse. Very rarely, we even make alliances and exchange information and or aid between the worlds. We made a contribution to your domain several generations ago, and now the return has been collected." "Exchanges?" I asked. " Usually this is in the form of information becoming available to the mortal residents of the worlds in question. Very occasionally a representative is sent to the allied world in exchange of equal value for the information given. You are an example of this." Adopting my best neutral expression and embracing my formal, diplomatic side, I responded. "Why are these individuals taken to strange alien worlds that they may or may not wish to be a part of?" I asked. As the presence discerned my change in demeanor, and the reasons behind it, a flicker of amusement embellished the Presence's reply. "You are proceeding under the assumption that the individuals are taken against their will." This short reply was slightly surprising, not because I didn't expect the answer, but because the response was almost exactly as I myself would have posed the response; short, to the point, and thought-provoking. It was as if the Presence was adopting my own personality. "So," I said slowly, "How can you be sure that the transference of people is assured the consent of all parties involved?" " We only accept very specific individuals. Only those who have a very close emotional attachment to the corresponding world are ever considered." Frustration clouded my senses. The Presence was being infuriatingly vague, forcing me to ask even more questions, and answering with statements that invoked even more questions. With a pang, I realized that this was exactly the kind of word games I liked to play. This did not improve my mood. I took a minute to compose myself and to regulate my voice, conscious all the while of the growing amusement of the Presence. Finally I said, as calmly as I could "I would very much appreciate more direct answers to my questions. Where am I? Who are you? And, possibly most importantly, why ME?" " We can answer all of those questions, but first, we would like to give you the opportunity to attempt to answer them yourself." "We?" I asked. As I spoke, the voices split, separating from each other to become their own individual sensations which I could discern. "I'd be happy to play this game, if you would give me more to go on than several disembodied voices in a sea of mist," I replied. " Very well," said the voice that still resonated the loudest. "See, deduct, and interpret what you will." With only the slightest whisper of wind, the mist cleared, the air solidified beneath my feet and turned smoothly into stone, and shapes materialized before me. Momentarily blinded by the bright sunlight, I squinted and tried to make sense of the surroundings. I had a confused impression of sky, mountains and woods. Then, as my eyes adjusted, I took in the scene in more detail. I was standing in the center of a great circle, at least 50 feet in diameter. The circle was made of white marble, interlaced with a bright silver substance that I couldn't identify which formed intricate patterns across the stony surface. Surrounding the circle, were what seemed at first to be small towers of varying substances. As I looked upon them, however, I realized that they were not towers, but thrones . Colossal thrones, each one slightly different, but each possessing a certain innate majesty. And as I continued to stare at the thrones, I realized with a jolt that almost sent me to my knees again, that majesty was not the only thing they possessed. There were a pair of legs in front of each of the thrones, each one as wide as my entire body. Slowly, I raised my eyes higher and finally perceived fully what it was I was seeing. There were figures sitting in a circle around me, each one around 20 feet in height. A casual observer would say they were human, but it was obvious to me that there was something… unearthly about them. Their faces were too angular, and their bodies were too smooth. Devoid of any blemishes that would appear without conscious effort on a normal human. I recognized these features and a number of possibilities flashed through my mind. Numbly, I did a head count. Fourteen. "Welcome," said the being furthest from me, and who seemed to lead the group. He had a soft voice which sounded like a breath of air, yet held the potential of a growing storm. "As I said before, interpret what you will." "Well, I'll shelve the possibility that I am having a very weird dream," I answered, to scattered chuckles. "Tell me the clues again?" The being smiled in an amused fashion. "You are in a world separate from your own, yet a world that you know." "Well, that clears it up," I replied somewhat sarcastically, as I tried to analyze my surroundings. I looked around at the stone bowl, and the fourteen thrones, and my first thought was that I had entered into the citadel of Mount Olympus. As soon as that thought came to me, I knew it was incorrect. Mount Olympus traditionally housed twelve gods, not fourteen. It seemed that the beings could still read my thoughts, even if they were no longer within my head, for the being to the left of the leader spoke; "You are on the right course of thought, young one, but pantheons of that nature still belong to your world." His voice was deep and dark, as if welling up from a deep ocean, very similar to the god Poseidon. I took a better look at my surroundings, at the grassy hills, at the shining white city in the distance to what seemed to be the north, and at the range of mountains to the east. As I scanned the mountains I noticed a gap that I hadn't seen before in the impassable wall of rock. A gorge directly east of the circle barred by a great gate of the same silvery substance that laced the stone under my feet. As I continued to watch, conscious of the beings continued observance of my thoughts, I raised my eyes to the mountain tops. They seemed relatively gentle slopes, and yet they stretched up to an unimaginable height. The tallest of them, reached up above the clouds high above me. And, atop that topmost peak, there shone the reflective walls of a shining white tower. At the sight of that tower, a thought struck me. A thought so overpowering, yet so fitting, that it buckled my knees and sent me once more to the floor. I slowly turned to stare at the beings in the thrones, once more counting. The numbers matched, but the concept of my thought was too outrageous to imagine. Stuff like this only happened in fanfiction stories I used to read online. "And why does the fact that your culture writes about us for entertainment mean we don't exist?" asked what looked like the oldest of the beings. "Because its impossible!" I protested weakly, fighting the evidence of all my senses. "You are among those of your world who believe in the theory of multiple universes?" he asked. "Yes, but…" I broke off, seeing where they were going. If the Multiverse Theory of Infinite Universes and Realities in which life existed in any and all imaginable shapes was correct, than the relevance of the source of the knowledge was dissolved. The realization of the truth of their words slowly seeped into me, and with each drop of comprehension, I became increasingly emotionally overwhelmed. "Is this… Valinor ?" They said nothing, but their silence was the silent confirmation I had not dared to hope for. From out of a deep well, it seemed, my mind slowly ground back into motion, and I remembered my manners. Slowly, as if in a trance, I walked toward the closest of the thrones and looked up into the face of the closest of the ancient ones. She looked down at me with a smile upon her face. She had jet black hair, and a simple brown dress embellished with a cloak the color of evergreen trees. It took a while for me to recall a name to match the description, but, upon doing so, I bowed before her and looked up into her face. "Lady Nessa, the Dancer," I said. "She who takes joy in racing the beasts of Endor, but most revels in dancing upon the grassy slopes of Valinor." The woman's smile widened, and she inclined her head. I bowed again and shifted my attention to the next throne. This one held a man. He wore elaborate golden armor, made after the ancient Noldorian fashion, which almost masked his blond hair. His body was incredibly muscular, and he looked to be in an exceptionally good mood. It took me far less time than before to identify him. "Lord Tulkas, the Valiant. The ever gay