a/n; BEEN A WHILE. Rated M for overall theme, a few rounds of nasty language, and most importantly, sex. It's not explicit, don't get too excited. Near plot-less. This is also super cheesy. Please consume Dulcolax before/after reading. | winter chill | Anyone who lives in District Twelve will tell you three out of four seasons in a year are boring, drab, and predictable. Spring blooms like it should, and it rains like it should, off and on, crisp and warm for hardy crops to be harvested - dandelions, dill weed and masses of brush, hidden with rich, strong herbs. Chewy grasses sprout a deep green over the graves of the other, once beautiful fields. Summer comes around in mid-to-late May, every day burning just a little brighter. Speckles of purple and yellow flowers peep up between grasses and brush, but you only see those if you dare to step in the forest. The sun drips from yellow to golden the further the year gets into the months, heating to a peak, then decreasing in speed. The leaves transition to Autumn, into browns and reds and oranges, wind picking up enough to pluck the leaves off of branches, slowly undressing them to their bones. The sky goes from blue to a light gray, clouds arriving and refusing to leave. Those seasons are all predictable - the same. Routines never have to change. Life in them always plows on with a sullen, sluggish perseverance, the sun falling because it has to, the moon reluctantly taking its designated throne in the murky blue depths of night. But when winter comes, things change. Frozen dew makes the yellowing grass stand on end, like the hair on a dog's back, hyperaware and unprepared. The clouds flatten and scream white one day, then thicken and fluff and turn smoky the next. Will it snow or will it rain? It might hail, it may sleet. Wind will erode the sides of houses and branches, then it will still, as if the earth stops breathing. A giant pause holds every living thing in its palm, waiting for the signal to begin again. Winter does not persevere. It watches, it bates your heart with ice, it stays for as long as it wants. It rains only to freeze the water to skin, frosts trees to take the place of leaves. It kills all the vegetation to paint the ground in the white it creates, ruling over the land. It's visceral and it's raw, cutting deep into the flesh of the people to watch veins constrict and cheeks pink, for lips to crack and eyes to glaze. Because winter likes what it can do, what it can make, what it can suffocate and what it can bring to life. In the midst of the chill, it ignores the predictable. It lingers for the change. It started when Katniss was fifteen. She remembers because it was two years after Katniss met Gale in the forest. But more than that, it was because Gale was very... well... She couldn't pinpoint the right word. He'd always been a tomcat, following and leaving tittering, blushing girls in his wake. The ones she saw were pretty. Pretty enough from the pool of District Twelve girls. It wasn't as if there was an eclectic selection. She didn't care enough to take the time to size them up. In fact, most of the year, she didn't care much about anything except hunting and taking care of Prim. Gale and her were companions, possibly even friends if she was bold enough to admit that. But what she could admit was that he was reliable in the sport of surviving. They used each other to get what they needed, and their companionship grew from only that. She wondered, sometimes, if the hunt - the survival - ever gave out, if they'd still keep a routine with each other. If Snow's tyranny ever ended, would they acknowledge each other from a distance? Katniss didn't think so. She didn't consider them open with one another. Would she tell him her secrets, if she had any? Her heart inclined more toward the no than the yes. Perhaps the word she was trying to find was - inconsistent. Ever changing. Gale would smile at her one day, briefly, then they wouldn't speak a word to each other for a week. They would talk about small things, a few sentences at a time. Then he wouldn't be around to hunt with her the next days. He was aloof in the way his actions ranged. She wasn't an expert with things like emotional depth, but that , she could tell. She didn't spend much time thinking about it. It was just the way it was. And things like that, she got used to. When winter came that year, it didn't seem like it would be a bad one. The wind was calm for the first few weeks, and the air still had some moisture. That was a good sign. It meant no one had to worry about an unexpected snowfall, even if the sky was cloudy. If it was dry, and still, and quiet, Katniss would worry. But she should have known better than to dismiss the weather so quickly. A few days later, a light snow started to fall. Flurries that were a nuisance when she went out to the forest, sticking her her lashes. She had to keep wiping her eyes with her worn-out sweater, white melting into the lines of the stitches. It made her cold, canceling out the protection from her sweater. Her hands had a hard time closing, her bow's wood close to freezing her fingers through her old, knitted gloves. Her other arm didn't have enough blood flow to pull the string and give her enough power to kill any deer. Maybe not even a rabbit. She hated it. She hated when it snowed. It usually meant no stew to curl up with. Not unless Gale's traps worked (and they usually did) but she hadn't seen him since the last of autumn, and if it was to continue like it had been between them, she probably wouldn't see him around for a few more days. At most, it'd be another week. So, obviously, she expected to see him in a week. Instead, she saw him in three days. That was the thing about winter. It changed the normal things. "That's a shitty sweater," he said, words tumbling into her ear from behind. He made her jump and spin around, elbow just missing his jaw. "Damn it, Gale!" she said back, the cold making her extra irritable. "I'm tracking my deer." He smiled at her, then looked around. It'd been a long time since she'd seen that expression on him. "Better hurry, then. The snow's gonna cover it." He was right, of course. The flurries from days before had gone from skinny to fat. They now almost made the shape of actual snowflakes. The lip of her boot was a finger deep in snow, today. It was very frustrating. If it kept snowing like this, she wouldn't be able to hunt in a few days' time. She glared at him, tempted to ask how much meat he'd collected, eyes defiantly avoiding his belt. Instead, she huffed and trudged away. He followed her. She tried to ignore him. A few minutes later, he said, "Aren't you freezing?" "No," she snapped. He took no heed of her direct anger. His steps remained light, close to silent even through the snow. "You look freezing." She turned on him. "I need to hunt." Then she tried to lose him. He easily stayed up with her. "I have plenty of food." "Isn't that great. " "If you want some, all you have to do is ask." Her fogged breath came out rapidly. "I haven't seen you in weeks, and you expect me to believe that you'll share your food? In winter?" He looked at her funny. "Why not? We've split food before." "Never in winter." She heard him slow behind her, though she continued her pace. "So? I'll split what I have right now." That made her stop. She turned to him, eyes still glaring and skeptical. She'll never know why she asked this, but she said, "Why?" Because he'd been so all over the place, she should have just agreed. It was against her nature to accept things, and pride was an issue she denied rather than dealt with. But he had this look on him, as he gestured to his animal-infested belt full of what looked like frozen rabbits and squirrels. "' Why' ?" he asked, though not with much surprise. "You need it. I've got more than enough." It would be so easy to just take it... so she told him off. "I don't need your catch of the day. I can get my own fine by myself." His gray eyes darkened like an oncoming storm. He crossed his arms, and she finally noticed the thick jacket he wore. As if she couldn't get any more envious or furious. "You're going to freeze out there," he said, voice a deep, threatening rumble. But she ignored him, whole-heartedly, and left. Stupidly. The snow became worse. More and more flakes fell, slow to rapid over the time she tried and failed to catch something. The white got blinding, collecting on her sleeves and pants like magnets. She soon gave up on trying to hunt, placing all of her efforts to find the right direction back to Twelve. But all the trees looked the same, dressed up in frigid white fluff. Nothing looked familiar. It was a different world. Her hands were the first to go numb. Or maybe it was her nose. Possibly her ears. Then most of her face, then her feet. She was able to keep her panicking at a minimum, but only in cycles. She'd walk a while in one direction, tell herself she'd see something familiar soon. When she didn't, she panicked. Then she talked herself down again. Then it repeated. It was a vicious cycle. After a while, the cold seeped into her skin, down to her core. It started to numb her emotions, too. She began to run on a mix of hopelessness and apathy. She couldn't talk herself into anything positive. What did it matter if she didn't make it home? Her family would be fine. Sad for a while, but fine. What would she miss out on that she hasn't already experienced here? In fact, she'd miss out on the next Reaping. What are the chances of dying before getting Reaped? She remembers laughing at that. Then laughing at a strange shape of snow beneath her boot. Then laughing at nothing at all. And before she could really cherish the moments, Gale decided to appear, like some wannabe savior, right out of the thin, dry air. He was almost like an apparition, a dark figure surrounded by all the white. He told her something, but she was far from coherent hearing. He curled his arm around her, leading her through the blaring, sickening white tree-filled maze into a low, small alcove underneath a hollowed out rock. It created enough shielding against the blizzard for her eyes to finally relax, the snow not as harsh from the angle. The rock wall kept out most of the snow, though some rebelled and entered the small cave. Gale set her down against the back, curved wall of the rock, and her arms wrapped around her upraised knees, face pressing into her legs. Her teeth clattered like an earthquake, and she could feel every single piece of her creaking from an acquired stiffness from staying out in the storm too long. "Told you that was a shitty sweater," he said as he sat beside her, going to peel his own jacket off. He laid it on the dirt floor, leaning over to reach her. She felt his hands try