a/n; don't be fooled by the genre. i can't write funny. but i wanted to try, because i like happy gale/katniss, even though happy is not my forte. and i miss writing ultra long pieces of them. so, happy reading!~ ..:::there's this thing. Fact: Gale likes Madge. No, that's not right. Katniss erases the thought, then she narrows her eyes, looking out to the sunrise. Fact: Gale wants to take Madge to the slag heap. She winces at the image and shakes her head. The thought is so outlandish that she has to backtrack and erase the thought again. Okay, so maybe she should start at the beginning: Gale is suddenly not as rude to Madge as he used to be. And this is something quite pivotal. Gale doesn't change his mind with simple persuasion. He needs evidence and proof and a forceful change of heart. He didn't start trusting Katniss until months and months and months after they first met. He's hated Madge since the dawn of time. There's never been a moment where he's gone out of his way to be civil toward her. He doesn't like her blonde curls or her rosy cheeks or doll like appearance. He just doesn't. And now he does. Suddenly. Out of the blue. Wham, bam, thank you ma'am, and he gives Madge a smile. On her doorstep. As if he's done it a million times before. It was June twenty-third when that happened. They were on their weekly trade route, making their round to their usual fare. Katniss remembers this day because they gave Madge a whole basket full of fresh, plump, gorgeous strawberries. The season was perfect for them, and they found a dozen bushes ripe and fat with them all over. Madge's father paid a pretty penny for them. She doesn't remember this day just because Madge gave a cursory glance to Gale. Or that Gale gave her a less-than-disdainful look. Or that he smiled at her—astonishingly not as forced or as strained as it usually is to everyone else in the district. But if she's honest, Katniss doesn't really care about those things. She and Gale respect each other enough to give each other the very important friend-space. He can do what he wants, as long as it doesn't interfere with being able to provide for their families, and vice versa for her. It's never been a question between them. It's never been an arguable thing between them. Besides, she remembers that day because the money from those strawberries turned out to stock their whole kitchen cabinet. The only thing that bothers her is that she hadn't noticed the change as it happened. It must have been gradual. Gale doesn't start things or quit things cold turkey. When he gets an idea, he doesn't let it go. He holds onto it. It's just the same when he doesn't like something. He decides he isn't fond of it, and it takes a ridiculous amount of energy to even put a doubt in his mind that he might like it. So she wonders how she could have missed this. They've become almost attached at the hip. When they aren't in school, they're almost always together except for the occasional day where Katniss has to do chores around the house or when she spends valuable time with Prim. Was that enough time to miss out on Gale's changing feelings? Not that they're considerably open when it comes to those touchy-feely feelings. Katniss doesn't have many of those. Gale might—she suddenly wonders if he does, and why they've never truly broached the topic if they're such good friends—but he's hasn't shown her any of those feelings. He doesn't touch her unless he's chasing her up a tree or nudges her with his shoulder after a joke or two, and he keeps a locked quiet about what he does intimately on his own time. And sure, Katniss knows Gale's reputation. There are a few other guys like Gale, and everyone knows about it. Almost the whole school girl population, littered with raging hormones, wants to do something with them. The older female population looks at him differently, too, but both Gale and Katniss always use that to their advantage. Selling to them is like guaranteeing enough money to buy something special for Gale's siblings and Prim. Katniss doesn't need to mention to anyone that her hormones don't rage. They've always been slightly dormant. Gale certainly didn't hold any sort of appeal to persuade her into wanting to jump on him and do whatever those girls did with him at the slag heap. And by whatever , Katniss has a pretty detailed idea. Not that she's imagined it more than necessary, but she is kind of curious. They don't talk about what he does like all the girls in school do. And Katniss doesn't have any real girlfriends—not including Madge, who is as close to a friend that Katniss might ever have as a friend of the same gender—to talk to about boys and feelings and other vapid, unimportant things. Why talk about them when they won't last, anyway? District life has a deeper, darker tone about life than wondering if she'll get to make out with Joe Schmo tomorrow or next week or before the Reaping. Still, that outlook on life is the reason why she can't make any friends. "Hey, Catnip." She jumps at his voice, glancing up to him. He stands beside her, looking amused and crossing his arms. "You'd think it's been long enough to get used to me sneaking up on you," he says, taking a seat by her. Oh, right, she thinks sarcastically. Maybe when I'm not thinking about you and Madge and slag heaps and hormones . She gives him a shrug, scuffing her boot against the grass. It's early morning, just past dawn, and the dew on the blades of grass stain the rim of her ragged cargo pants. "You're here early." She shrugs again. She has to admit she hasn't beaten him in punctuality in the forest since who knows how long. She always blamed it on the fact that she lived further away from their meet up spot than he did. But she doesn't want to dwell on the fact that she couldn't sleep well because she was distracted by feelings. And curiosity. And confusion. After a day or two, they'll surely be gone. Surely. "Couldn't sleep," she allows, not daring to speak about any if her thoughts—which is an admitted first. She always tells him what's on her mind, if it bothers her enough. But she's definitely not going to let this bother her to the point where she has to talk about it. Because as close as she is to Gale, it would be a desperately awkward conversation. "Something bothering you?" "Of course not," she answers quickly. Then she stands and commands that they start their morning hunt, before he's able to look at her too closely. It takes a few days before Katniss realizes that she's unconsciously examining Madge every chance she gets. At first, the thoughts are innocent enough. Madge is kind of pretty. She has really, really green eyes. How did she possibly make an A on that last test? Maybe because she's the Mayor's daughter. Maybe she's smart. Does Gale like his girls smart? Does he like taking smart girls to the slag heap? As soon as that last thought broke into her brain, she flinched, made a face at herself for wondering—and for not knowing—and for caring that she didn't know—and told herself to stop being stupid. But then another day passes, and another, and it becomes harder and harder to keep her stupid thoughts at bay. They ravage all of her logical senses, and they become an itch that gets worse and worse and worse. She swears she contracts hives. Madge's hair looks like spun gold today. Her clothes are all pressed and clean. Where does she get shoes like that? Is that makeup? Are her eyebrows naturally like that? When Katniss starts to feel self-conscious about her appearance (going to the bathroom and checking herself out in the mirror is not something she does, on principle), she stops on her way back to her classroom, and she stands in the hallway, eyes widening. This is not happening. She isn't becoming like all those other town girls. These aren't hormones. This isn't jealousy. This isn't anger. Then what the hell is it? All she knows is that it's something that makes her care, and she really, truly doesn't want to care. Nothing makes Katniss Everdeen care about what she looks like. Nothing. ...except for when something does make her care. On the morning of one of their hunting days, Katniss can't help herself. Really. She can't. She lets her braid hang loosely, let's some of her shorter hair frame her face. She picks out her freshest hunting clothes. And as much as she fights her motions and tells herself that she's going to get sweaty and dirty and gross anyway, just like every time they go hunting, she can't seem to make herself stop wanting to look a little bit...nicer. "You sure took your time this morning," Gale says to her when she finally makes her way to their spot. She feels an unwelcome heat flare up on her neck. She glares. "I didn't take that long." "Catnip, dawn was at least an hour ago." It comes out like an accusation. She lifts her chin at him. "If you wanted to start hunting so badly, why did you wait for me in the first place?" He frowns at her anger. "I never start without you." "Well maybe you should start!" she shouts, throwing up her hands and probably scaring away a few rabbits. "Since I take so long." Gale gives her a funny look, before he crosses his arms at her. "What's wrong with you this morning?" She almost tells him it's not what's wrong with her, but what's better about her. Either way, under his hard stare, it doesn't seem like he sees any of the extra work she put into her appearance this morning, and she inwardly sighs. It's not like she knows how to fix her hair besides putting it in a braid, and she doesn't have that makeup stuff to fix her face, and she can't afford to wear nice clothes when she's worried about starving. So she says, "Nothing. I woke up late." He doesn't look like he believes her, but he drops it, saying they should get started on their hunt. Not once does he tell her that she looks nice, though she hates herself for hoping that he will. Why should he anyway? It's just another normal day out of all their others. Expecting him to suddenly voice that he thinks she's pretty is outlandish and...oddly upsetting. And irrational and hugely silly. She blames it on the fact that his sudden interest in Madge was just that. Sudden. And irrational. And, if she's honest, completely against his values of society. But whatever. She'll get over it. Katniss knows Madge isn't like all the other town girls. Even with being the Mayor's daughter, she doesn't squeal or squawk or make deliberate eyes at every boy that passes. She doesn't bullshit anyone, and she almost speaks less than Katniss. She even sits by her during the lunch hour, at times, even though not much is said between them—and if there is, it's Madge that starts the short conversations. It's a week after the failed forest attempt when Madge sits with her again, at lunch, and it's half way over when she starts with a surprising topic. "Do you know Peeta?" she asks her, tearing at the crust if her sandwich. At the mention, Katniss' eyes automatically find Peeta's blond head, sitting at a bench with a few other kids, facing away from her. "I know who he is." Madge shifts a