a/n; I think I have another story I'm supposed to be writing... in the meantime, here's this! Didn't mean to leave out Gale's POV as much as I did, but that's what happened. Short story?! I tried. I realized that I got their ages wrong nearly a third of the way into this, so I was like, MAYBE NO ONE WILL NOTICE. .::time's arrow—; The school created a time system where different ages never converse or interact with one another. Because of that rule, there are staggered intervals for when each class lets out to go home. Rory, being five years Gale's junior, usually arrives home at least an hour before Gale gets out of class, diligently scribbling out answers onto his homework. The first time Rory isn't home before Gale, Gale doesn't think much of it. Rory is growing, after all. Gale was slightly reckless at his age. The second time Rory isn't home, it makes Gale uneasy. Hazelle doesn't seem too worried, and it's the only thing that keeps him in the house. But by the third time, Gale walks around the Seam, then the Hob, then comes back around to the Seam, peeking into all the places he'd sneak over to when he was younger. He makes it down near Katniss' house when he finally sees Rory—and to his immense bafflement, Prim—sitting on a hollow, half-eaten log near the fence. Gale pauses, then steps back into the shadows between houses, watching for a moment as Rory makes her laugh, Prim's braid falling behind her shoulders. Then too soon, Rory goes to stand while Prim follows. He walks her near her house's steps, and they say goodbye. Prim enters her house, and Rory turns his head to watch her as she leaves. Gale half-smiles. Guess it runs in the family. "Rory's been walking Prim home," Katniss tells him on a crisp, October morning. Fall's hit the District swiftly, browns and auburns and oranges collectively standing stark against the incumbent clouds. Gale hasn't let on that he knows of Rory's distraction. He's only done the mandatory teases: What's been taking you so long to get home this past week? Got your eyes on a girl, Rory? To which Rory flushed deeply and stuttered out the forceful negative. Gale laughed and ruffled his hair. "I know," Gale answers, busy trying to tie a snare to a high-reaching branch. He's been taking too long of a time with it. He has to stretch his arms to finish the knot, and he can't quite connect the two ends. "I've seen them together a few times." "Oh," she says, pressing against the tree next to him. "Why didn't you say anything?" He shrugs, losing a grip on one end of the thread. He curses, then replies, "I didn't think it was a big deal." "I can climb to that branch if you need help," she says, watching him struggle and going to the nearest branch of the tree, already beginning to climb. "No, Katniss stop, I got it." "Doesn't look like it." "You're gonna get up there, and I'll be finished with it." "I doubt that." "If you'd just give me a second—" She shimmies onto the branch, legs dangling off either side. She swipes the ends away from him, entangling them together in a rough mess. She doesn't hold much finesse in knot-making. "I gave you enough seconds." She frowns, lopsided and off center. He never looks up to her when they talk, and she's nearly a queen with her height. "Prim didn't tell me anything about it, either. And she tells me everything." Gale's not exactly sure what answer she wants to hear. "It's natural to keep some privacy to yourself. You don't tell her everything you do." "She knows enough." Katniss shakes her head. "She only just turned twelve this year, and I guess I'm…" she struggles with her wording, but her posture gives it away. They've never experienced a Reaping with another family member, and this next one holds more to dread. Worry, horrification, nausea—Gale knew he felt them all, and as hard as Katniss tries to hide it, her face betrays her each time she tries. "That's natural, too," Gale says, stepping back to give her room to jump. "Don't let her not telling you something bother you so much." She turns and pushes off, the crackle of leaves softening her landing. "I know, I know," she says, brushing herself off. "It's just…she's Prim." "Yeah. And he's Rory." "I…" she purses her lips. "Never mind." Gale can't keep the amusement out of his voice. "Prim can make friends if she wants to. We're already like a big family, anyway. I'm kind of surprised it didn't happen sooner." "Yeah," she says eventually. "You're right. Now let's go hunt. We lost a lot of time from your snare." "What? No, we didn't. That only took a few extra minutes." "Sure," she says, rolling her eyes. "Come on." Katniss has a bad feeling the first time she sees Prim and Rory on their porch, knees touching and sitting beside each other. It's instinctual—a sisterly flare that lights up in her stomach. She knows Prim. Prim is sweet and kind and everyone loves her. She has a larger spectrum of affection than Katniss, and being so open also meant she'd be more prone to emotion, of any kind. Prim's never had attention from a boy before. Not so directly, or from one her age. And Katniss knew full well what could happen. Anyone with an ounce of heart could fall under Prim's completely unintentional spell, her age aside. Prim's eyes are old, besides, and Rory's grown up into a very mature teen. But if Rory is anything like his brother… well... She isn't sure how she feels about it. Prim brushes off Katniss' inquiries and subtle questions, with too deliberate a flair, which slowly prove Katniss' feelings to be valid. A few years' time will tell the story. For now, Katniss will remain peering suspiciously at them, while Prim's eyes stay wide and innocent and stubbornly taciturn. And then it happens. …just, not in the way Katniss would have guessed. It's about a month after Prim's first Reaping, and Katniss' nerves are the lightest they've been in a while. She's helping cook dinner (a first, if she's honest) when Prim bursts through the front door, stomping over to the dining table and taking a seat with a dramatic huff. Katniss shares a look with her mom, then makes her way over to the seat across from Prim. "Prim?" she asks, trying to catch her eye. "Is everything okay?" Prim crosses her arms, staring defiantly toward the wall. It lasts for a long five seconds. "No. Everything is not okay," she says, almost a shout, voice heated—which is…very unlike Prim. So unlike Prim, in fact, that Katniss flinches. "What happened?" Her anger pinches her face into a frown. She glares. "Rory tried to kiss me." Katniss blinks. She has to reign back her amusement quickly before Prim notices. She clears her throat. "Oh, how...awful," she tries. "It is awful!" Prim fumes. "He can't just...do that. It'll ruin our friendship. It'll ruin everything. I don't even like him that way." Katniss attempts to give her a consoling look. Never had she seen Prim so tangled up about something. "Did you tell him that?" "Yes! Well, I tried," she says, placing her cheek in her palm. It makes her left eye crinkle. "He's too persistent." Rory, persistent? Last time Katniss checked, Rory was kind of shy, but ultimately very kind. He didn't come off as aggressive, but Katniss can't say she knows him as well as Prim. "You mean, he won't leave it alone?" "No. The first time I told him, he was really sad about it. But then the last few times—" "Wait, you mean you've told him off before?" Katniss splutters. Prim shrugs lightly. "Yeah. But he didn't try to kiss me, then." "When?" Prim's eyes finally find Katniss, before slowly deciding to tell her. "Right before the first Reaping. And then afterward. Then today." Katniss' face quirks. Three times? Rory was bold, if he's already tried that many times. Or maybe his head was just a little too thick. Or... Gale better not have had anything to do with this. "Don't do anything, Katniss," Prim speaks up, looking imploringly at her. "I know that look. And I can handle this myself. I just needed to tell someone." Look? Katniss had a look? She frowns. She wasn't going to do anything, exactly. Just...ask a few questions, here and there. "Alright, Prim," she relents before reaching over and touching her arm. "But if you need anything..." She smiles a little. "I know." She goes to stand, before she stops herself and turns back to Katniss. "Katniss...has Gale ever done anything like that?" At this, Katniss raises an amused eyebrow. Gale and her did not travel anywhere near that hemisphere, though they were close enough to where it didn't matter. "Never." Prim looks thoughtful. "Do you ever think he will?" "I hope not." Prim keeps glancing at her for a moment, before she sees something she's satisfied with. She nods, then sighs, and heads outside to groom Lady. As soon as she can, Katniss slips out of the house before dinner and marches over to the Hawthorne's house. Hazelle answers her knocks with a smile and an immediate invitation to dinner, but Katniss politely declines and asks for Gale. "Hey, Catnip," he greets her, slipping outside with her. He closes the door behind him. "Is something wrong?" "What did you tell him?" she hisses, crossing her arms. His eyebrows shoot up. "What?" "Rory," she prods out in a huff. "What did you tell him?" "Tell him?" Gale looks at her confusedly. "What are you talking about?" "Prim!" she shouts, before lowering her voice. "Prim told me Rory tried to kiss her." Gale starts to grin before it snags. "Tried?" "Prim said no," Katniss says, a tinge of pride coloring her tone. Not that she means it to, but she has to give Prim some kind of recognition. She didn't think Prim would stand up for herself so boldly. Gale's amusement fades. "Really?" "Yes." Katniss' nose twitches. "So what'd you tell him?" "Who said I told him anything?" Katniss aggressively stares at him. Gale holds up on his end. And then he sighs. "I might have said a few things." "What did you say?" "What does that matter?" "Because," she says, lowering her voice into a sharp whisper and leaning forward, as if Rory could hear them from inside. "He's tried three times." Gale raises a brow. "Three?" "Yes!" Gale stands up a little straighter, lightly smiling. "C'mon, give the kid credit. That takes guts." "Yeah," Katniss says sarcastically. "Or stupidity." He glares at her. "Be nice. You don't know what crushes are like." "Because you have so much experience with those," she scoffs. His shoulders buckle back. "There's no point in telling you about them when you act the way you do." Katniss blinks at him. "Crushes are pointless. Which is exactly why I don't care about them." Gale opens his mouth, but he says nothing. Instead, he opts for looking extremely frustrated. "So what did you tell him?" "You want to know because you care?" "It's Prim ." Katniss' fists clench. "You know what? I take it back. It doesn't matter what you told him - just make sure you say something to make him stop. Prim isn't interested in him that way. She says it'll ruin their friendship, and I know that's incredibly important to her. I don't want either of them to lose it just because he keeps believing she'll change her mind." A wistfulness comes over his features. "You don't know if she'll change her mind." Katniss frowns at him, shaking her head. "If there's anything alike between me and Prim, its stubbornness. Don't keep his hopes up, alright?" "I can't