a/n; LOL Gale's a vampire in this. What was I thinking? Honestly. I used some basic vampire traits, though I either cut down on the intensity of some or boosted others. I may have also made some up by accident. This is mostly because I'm bad with already fit guidelines, but also because of the planned conclusion of the storyline. Also, this isn't a story I wrote ahead of time, so there will be longer waits. Madge/Gale undertones because I'm a sucker. Sweet Heart: One: Bloodletting Gale wakes up in the forest one morning. Dawn is struggling to break over the line of the far away hills, orange, dull light cutting through the haze of dew. Something's wrong with the way it looks. It tingles his skin, it hurts his eyes. His back is wet from the early morning, droplets seeping through his clothes. He's so uncomfortable, hungry. His stomach bends with nausea, urging against the tissue of his abdomen, desperately seeking a food he can't define. His fingers close into fists, and he clumsily stands. The light gives him a fast headache, his already dry eyes becoming drier. He's sluggish, slow in his movements. His legs shake as he walks. He breathes hard against the daylight. He itches everywhere. He can't admit that he doesn't know why he's here, nor can he admit he's lost. He's known this forest ever since he was small. He's got it all mapped out in his head, he knows he does, but it's like it's hiding from him. He searches his mind for it, but it feels blank and he sees black. He sees no outlining of trees, no patterns of rock and moss. All the grasses have no differential markings like they used to, no prominent landmarks he can pick out. As the sun rises higher, the frailer his bones feel. His shoulders creak in the silent air, knees cracking to bend forward. He'd panic if he wasn't so hungry. When he hears the snaps on the forest floor, he immediately smells the rabbit. He can hear its fluttering heart, ripe with red, healthy blood. He sees the ears peeking above few blades of grass, fifteen, maybe twenty feet away. He sees the eyes darting around, dark brown fur twitching with the movement of its skin. Its nose flickers and flickers with smelling the crisp, cleaned air. It's suddenly in Gale's hand. He can't remember moving toward it, can't remember reaching for it. But it's tucked in his palm, its stomach and back clutched in his fist. It struggles, eyes bulging and darting frantically, forearms and hind legs kicking against his arm, so fast the thing is almost vibrating. It squeaks in wrenching horror. But what he notices is the spike in the heartbeat. How the tissue pushes the blood through the veins, the building pressure in the arteries. His eyes can almost see the paths they make, running through his head and legs. He can't stop himself—he's so hungry, hungrier than he's ever been—and he never knew a hunger could become so demanding. Here in District Twelve, he thought he knew what it was like to starve and crave and want. But what he's feeling now is so acute and powerful, it changes his thoughts and his worry about what he's doing into simplistic demands: Find food, get food, eat, eat, eat. His teeth sink into the delicate flesh of the rabbit's neck, tasting the delicious life from those veins, fresh from the heart. It fills his mouth like the juice of fruit, cleansing his tongue. It slips down his throat in thick rivulets, warm in its several lines. He can feel when it hits his stomach, his arms, the joints of his knees. The rabbit falls to the ground when he's done, deflated and lifeless. Gale's eyes are heavy when he blinks, but he isn't satisfied. He wants more of it. More blood, more soul, more something. He still isn't sure, but the bloodless rabbit at his feet doesn't appall him like it should. Instead, he looks down at it like he's been doing this all his life. He wants to be frightened - but he's not. He's not sure why he craves blood and iron when he should only want meat and flesh and nuts and fruits. He looks at the palms of his hands, closes them and opens them again. He touches his teeth, wondering with odd fascination how sharp they are. His fingertips wipe away with residue from the rabbit. He wants to want to throw up. He wants more . He's so torn that all he can do is stand there. Stand there and wait, for anything. Another animal moves through the grasses. His new, freakish, impossible desires flare up within him, and he can't ignore them. Not as much as he wants to. He flashes through the forest without knowing he's running, catching up with whatever other animal he smells. He eats. And eats and eats. Then the sun gets too high, and he itches all over. He wants to shed the skin that's vulnerable and hide in the shadows. He's able to fight the impulse, if only through force of will. Looking around, the map of the forest pieces back together slowly. Things are clearer than before—much clearer. He still stumbles a few times, getting tangled in the long grass stalks, pot holes made from groundhogs, but he's able to find the fence. It's a palpable relief when he sees it, hears the silence it gives off, absent of currents that are supposed to run along the metal. He pushes himself under it like it's a sudden freedom. He can't understand why he feels this way. So happy. So sure. Not when he just—sucked dry—what might have been half the population of the forest without even thinking about bringing them back home with him. He almost doubles back at the thought, feeling the stupidity, the shame that crawls into him, wondering how he could do that, to not even think about his family—when he—when he smells something. Hears something. Wants something. Suddenly, he doesn't care about the animals of the forest. All that fills his mind is the new prospect of food. Humans. The first one is a mistake. All of it was a mistake, when he thinks about it. Humans are animals, except they aren't animals. Except they are. Except they aren't. He can't think that way, because it might make doing this natural, and this can never be natural, not with how life is now, not ever. His body was smart, at least. He didn't kill the boy in front of the morning crowd of the Hob. His cravings were sedated enough from the animals before to keep him from running rampant on impulse. He waited behind one of the dilapidated buildings of the Hob, sensing the movements of the boy, almost seeing the future of his footsteps, and how he'd turn behind the building. Why he'd come behind here, Gale didn't know. Nor did he care. When the boy arrived, he looked surprised to see Gale, leaning against the back of the building's boards. He was close to starting a greeting before Gale pounced, teeth finding the jugular automatically. The boy was in too much shock to scream, drained too fast to fight. He probably couldn't have fought, anyway. He was a town kid. Not many of them knew how to defend themselves. They mostly knew how to make things, man a business—very different work from the Seam. Gale tried to stop himself before the boy keeled over, but his attempts were too late. The veins turned gritty and dry, the rush dwindling. The boy's body fell into Gale's chest, and all Gale could do was hold him, feel the limpness of the boy's shell. He had brown hair. Couldn't be older than sixteen. More emotion filled him than he could ever remember. A run of apathy and hate and confusion darted past his eyes, before regret and remorse came to finish the job. His arms shook, pain flashed behind his eyes. He didn't know what was wrong with him, didn't know what to do. He jammed the body in the large, old and rusted trash can before he sped off, away from the Hob and hearts as fast as he could. He's in the forest again, having darted there faster than he thought he'd ever be able, pressing his body against a tree. He can't go back to his family—not if they're walking targets, begging him to suck them dry like the boy. How could he live with himself if he slaughtered them? If he even tried to slaughter them? He can't hear a heartbeat inside him. Underneath his skin is a long, dark echo of silence. But his breath comes out hard and fast, and isn't that some kind of contradiction? He doesn't like to think about it. He has to stay here. He has to live like an animal, because isn't that what he is now? Higher than humans on the food chain, leashed by his new, dark desires. He's controlled by what he is now, whatever he is, and he must stay here. He falls to the ground, back against the thick birch. The bark snags his coat, loose threads breaking to freedom. Everything is crystal, through his eyes. They can almost read the rhythm of the wind, lines playing across his eyes. Blades of grass are sharpened knives, glinting like razors against the sun. His skin prickles like he's being infested with insects, like mosquitoes are gnawing hungrily at his flesh when he moves in the sunlight. He becomes incrementally more active as the day passes, which doesn't make much sense - but he's too mentally drained to think of what might, truly, make sense anymore. The blue of the sky is bluer, cerulean and graceful, more than anything he can compare it to, colors stark and standalone beside each other. The greens and the yellows and the browns and grays. They are no longer colors. They are souls by themselves, thrumming with a singular, definite link. Gale roves his deadened fingers against the new life and colors, stinging with remorse when he touches them. He is no longer worthy of this curiosity—he knows it, subconsciously, as he sits and wonders about them. He's changed, and so have they. He may be a king with what he preys on, but this forest is untouchable with its trees and stalks and moss. The animals he can kill, but nothing else. It's like intuition. His mind strays to Katniss, eventually. His picture of her is vivid, a blurry snapshot finally in focus. She's a beautiful thing there, behind his eyes. It makes him wonder what she would look like now, standing in front of him. She'll wander into the forest soon enough. Too soon. He's not safe to be around like this. How will he explain to her what he can barely explain to himself? He won't be able to stop himself from biting her, mind thinking about her sedated pulse, how rich her blood must taste... He can't let himself see her. She's the only one that can tell his family, he argues. His emotions are a mess. Something is off about them. He feels like they've been magnified, sadness pulling at his tear ducts, the love that consumes him when he thinks about his mother and Posy and his brothers filling him to an uncomfortable tautness. Every other thing that he's ever felt is like a pressure point. Almost like being crippled by feeling. It's a tangible weakness, already exhausting him. It's never been a terrible problem before. It's going to take a while to get used to, after years and years of it subdued. Gale wipes the sweat off his forehead, pressing his teeth back against a groan. He isn't sure what to do. He takes a breath, and he automatically takes a piece of