The fur abruptly flies out with a flick of my wrist, and I clutch the letter to my heart. Below is another sheet of paper, much older and—admittedly—more intriguing than either of the note parchments. I slip it out of the box; it feels as though it will crumble at my touch. I open it cautiously, and I almost can't read the ink inside. It's Elvish. Common tongue laces the top, a description of what appears to be an incantation. " Blessing of the Galadriel – Desire through Dreams". I can't read anything beyond that; it's all Elvish syllables. I silently curse myself for never being more studious in Middle Earth. I flip the document over, and it's another scribbled note from Gandalf. My eyes widen. " This is the spell I used to bring you here. You may experience lightheadedness, illness, perhaps death, if you choose to attempt. It will have results regardless of circumstance if you repeat the syllables correctly, but I suggest utilizing the spell five or six times before even trying to search for Frodo, assuming you find yourself dying or incapacitated the first time. He is convinced you will do something else, but I know you; you'll come looking for him." Following that was a rather detailed description of Frodo's dwelling in Valinor, as well as the pronunciation on the front; apparently it was such a complex and old form of Elvish that even the Elves of the Undying Lands didn't recognize it. He concluded his long explanation with this: "He is not happy here. I've done what I can, even made him the height of the Elves in the hopes of finding him a companion that way, but I'm afraid you've influenced him too much. To be honest with you, Minah, you did more for him than any hobbit lass Bilbo or I could have found. Keep him safe. All due respect, Gandalf." I sink into my couch, staring at the note. I wonder if I should take Frodo back to Bag End, live there like we always wanted to, until I realize it's my spell: we'll have to come back here. I hope he'll be all right. In the spell's instructions, Gandalf expressed that the incantation could be repeated at any time; for me, the spell would be no dream. It would be Frodo's. But he did mention practice, and to be honest, I would do anything to get Frodo back. I step into my bedroom, stare at the spell until I could bore holes through the words. I mutter occasional syllables to myself to prevent from being sucked in before I'm ready. I swallow and pace; I'm so nervous. I know what I'll do with Frodo the moment he's here, but I don't know if he'll be any different, if he wants anything different. Well, he'd tried to marry me back in the Shire, so I only assumed he would want to do it now. My palms grow slick at the thought. I can't wait another minute, but I can't possibly face that branch of the future. So I gather I ought to practice now, so that when the time coems that I can accept the future I'll be able to do it when I feel it. So I recite the incantation, one of my eyes squeezed shut. He did mention I could die, although that didn't sound likely . . . or so I try to assure myself. The world sucks out of my vision through a tunnel, and I fall. I try to cry out, but something sucks my breath away. I quickly clamp my mouth shut, and after a few seconds I can breathe again. I've been gently lowered from darkness into a white field, not substantial by any means, but on a different plane entirely. Bubbles float around me, bubbles of places I know. I nearly reach out to touch them—as Alaska, Italy, France, England, New York City, and others float by—but I decide that's not a good idea. I might go there, and then I wouldn't know how to get myself back out. Finally I stop to think about what Gandalf told me, finding Frodo and Valinor. I start remembering details, although I'm a little dizzy, and constructing what his home might look like. A bubble appears before me, swelling from the size of my fingernail to the size of the others, a little larger than my head while I figure out what it looks like. The colors are off of what I imagined them, far more stark than any I've seen in Middle Earth. It appears to be overlooking a grand, flesh beach, on a small cliffside, probably the most ideal location the Elves could come up with for him. I concentrate on the front door, and I step inside. My feet virtually glide across the floor until I solidify in place. I didn't realize how tall the door was for a hobbit until I look back and realize Frodo would be half the size of that space. Odd , I think, until I turn back the other way and see Frodo, inches taller than I, leaning over a stone-guarded fireplace. My eyes widen, and I'm confused. Then I remember: Gandalf made Frodo the height of the Elves in the hopes that he could make him happy. I ease up close to him. I shake, trying to blame my nausea on my travel, but it's not true and I know it. I wonder if I simply wasn't magical enough to be affected by the spell, or just too normal to experience anything. I reach up to touch his shoulder, trembling with every shift. "Frodo?" I whisper. He doesn't respond. My fingers fall right through him, and I scramble back. But Gandalf had told me this would work; now I'm immensely confused. Perhaps I missed part of it? I unfold the parchment from where I'd placed it in my pocket, but I see nothing. I repeated everything. I think about what had happened when Gandalf came to bring me to the Council of Elrond: I hadn't seen him pop out of the woodwork. I'd been asleep. I rub the ridge of my nose; how could I have forgotten? Looking outside, I still have a few hours before night sets in. I suppose I could just stay, be with him without actually being there. Theoretically sleep should bring him to where I can touch him, take him home with me. Assuming that's what he truly wants. But based on that note Gandalf sent me from him, he probably wants to come with me. I sit down at a marble table some five feet to his left to wait. Doubts fade from my mind as I watch him. He looks so forlorn . . . older. His eyes tiredly flicker with the fire; he never moves, not as the sun crosses the sky over the course of three hours and blazes through the western window. It illuminates his whole face; he's so pale, but I can't imagine he's skipped eating for too long: he still looks—I cough to myself—very nice. Wishing I could touch him, hold him as I've always done, I stand from the table and sit on the stone hearth before the fire. I reach up, trying to finger away the folds of his shirt and find the Morgul stab. But I can't get to it. I can apparently touch inanimate objects, as I'm able to sit down, so I persist harder, and finally the shirt gives a little to my effort; it appears as though I have the touch capacity of a breeze. Before I can touch his Morgul stab as habit drives me to do, Frodo shudders and folds his arms around himself. He sits down almost on top of me, right before the fire. I sidle up close to him, almost able to fall right through. His head leans back to rest on the stone alcove above the fire, and he starts singing. He sounds mournful, his voice low and soft. Within minutes—as a consequence of the magic, I'm sure, as I wouldn't understand any other way—his Elvish fades into the common tongue. I bite my lip. He's singing about how paradise has become blackness. He's blaming himself for his trouble, as though his difficulties with the Ring or the Nazgul were his own to control; his ability to hold against that blame only lasts so long. Soon his voice cracks, and he stops to stare at the floor. His eyes ease shut. "Minah, come back," he whispers. He rubs his fingertips over his black wound. "I'm here!" I insist. "I'm right here, right in front of you!" I know he can't hear me, but it's almost like that touch; I feel like if I'm loud enough he can pick up something. I wrap my arms around him, unable to squeeze and caress like I want. Pain of distance again sweeps over me. "Frodo, I'm here for you. I never wanted to go." He shudders harder and pulls into himself. I'm only making him colder. I reach up and brush his curls back. To my surprise, they move, and he responds. His head lifts, and he looks around, probably for an open window at all this touching I've been doing. I'm undoubtedly just making him colder. "I'll let you alone," I say at last. He looks around, completely perplexed and calculating. I shake my head; I shouldn't have even tried after that first attempt. I lean in and touch my mouth to his cheek, but of course I cannot feel it, and neither can he. I turn back to the marble table. An hour after sunset, Frodo shoots to his feet. I turn to the back door as Gandalf marches in. "Did you send it?" Frodo asks. My mind does a flip of uncertainty: they're around the same height now, Gandalf only eight inches taller than Frodo. I decide that's actually a huge gap, but it's significantly smaller than it used to be. Gandalf nods, exhausted. "Perhaps you would not wish her back if you went to the trouble I did to get that through." "Gandalf, I would do anything," Frodo challenges. "Is there any chance she'll come back?" "Soon enough," Gandalf says. "It will probably take her a few weeks to master the spell I sent, if she does indeed manage to find it; it is under everything else." Frodo nods and sits beside the fire again. The wizard's shoulders slump, and he takes the place by Frodo. The hobbit doesn't look at him. "Frodo, I know how hurt you are," Gandalf says. I bark a sour laugh when he—unlike me—manages to finger aside Frodo's shirt and expose the black skin. Gandalf's head shoots up, but he quickly relaxes. "How cold you are, even here. But you cannot let the past consume you; there is another path of healing." "We have already tried." Frodo shakes his head. "The Elves' medicine does nothing; I told you, I took the dosage they required, and then I doubled it. For a month. I had few results. Nothing is like real touch and affection, Gandalf." "There is always the option of having the skin removed," Gandalf says. "You have decisions." "I'm aware. But if she's received your note, I should at least give her some time," Frodo insists. He and Gandalf stare at each other for a long moment before the wizard finally nods and steps out. I gaze after the wizard, and as though he can feel my gaze he turns around. His eye catches mine, and he squints. I breathe harder, as though that will make me more obvious. It doesn't help, but after a minute of squinting a smile creeps over his face that he quickly sweeps away. He looks to Frodo. "It is late, Frodo Baggins," he says. "You should get to bed." Then he gives me another glance. "This is goodbye for