This is the story of Sevanaan Gamgee, just kind of an explanation of what she went through from birth to post-quest. I guess it's kind of important to read this before you read Frodo, My Precious . . . XD I didn't think of how informational it is, but it really does have a lot in it for a one-chapter. The Old Took bore home a lovely, crimson dragon egg laced in golden threads one fine summer day in the Shire. No one knew where he'd gotten it from. Bilbo saw it only once, and he told his nephew Frodo stories about it. There were rumors that a great king had given it to the Shire as a gift for the great deeds of the Old Took, or that he'd found it lost in the cave of a troll, but the dragons knew better. The Great Dragon Malachthar, a duke of dragons by our mortal telling, had been robbed of his eldest egg during illness by the pride of the Old Took, in the hobbit's younger days during an unrewarding adventure. Malachthar and the remaining dragons fled Middle Earth to Valinor following the tragedy, for they knew it had been taken by a simple hobbit; they felt powerless and relatively unrespected. And, as is the case with all dragons, any hatchling prior to birth will adapt the characteristics of its surroundings, usually its parents and older siblings, as it grows. His heir would become half hobbit, and he rejected it from the moment he realized it was gone. They called it the Theft of Chaaempier, or Theft of the Lost Heir. But he did not let it go. He released a terrible winter storm during the time of the egg's hatching. The Old Took had passed on, and the crimson egg sat in the parlor of his burrow above the fireplace. Bilbo had returned from his encounter with Smaug the dragon and lived like a rather flustered king in Bag End, all alone. All his female cousins descending from the Old Took, including the deeply pregnant Primula Brandybuck (or Baggins, as she was called when addressed as one with her husband), were gathered in the parlor while the wind roared ceaselessly outside. For a September evening in the peaceful Shire, the night was already highly unusual. "Would you wonder at the snow, how driven it is?" one remarked fearfully. A quite murmur of agreement rose. Primula remained silent, sitting in the corner under the mantle. She could only have the heart to read. Drogo was out with Bilbo for the hobbit's 78th birthday, and she feared the nearness of her labor. While the other lasses showed adequate concern for her, Primula did not desire their attention. She wanted naught but her husband in that moment. Oh, how she pined for him. Then a gust of wind blew right down the chimney, and with a great sweep the fire blew itself out. A chorus of screams arose, and Primula lost her book in clamping her hands over her ears. The snowstorm produced a crack of lightning, a sign of particular queerness. The crimson egg rattled on its shelf as the women frantically assembled a new fire. Finally, when everyone seemed to calm a little bit, the egg took its cue. The hatchling inside shoved against the shell, and it rattled until it crashed to the ground. Another scream arose (and persisted), and Primula backed away from the egg. Only the bottom had smashed; despite its now furious tossing, the creature inside could not get out. Finally a bright red horn crushed a hole in the top of the eggshell. A little, slimy dragon, covered in membranes, shattered the rest of the beautiful egg and squelched onto the floor. It might have been beautiful were it a full dragon, but the moment it stepped out it began to morph. It soon gained human features, swelling to the size of a child in seconds. Women sobbed, stepped back, covered their faces with their aprons as best they could, while the egg liquid dripped from the little creature's body. Soon all was human flesh color but a pair of sticky, red wings, a trail of horns from the top of its head to the tip of its spine, and scales and claws from elbow to fingertip and knee to toes. The creature whined when it looked around, frightened and uncertain at all of this pain that should have been replaced with a mother's comfort and nourishment. At the rate it was growing, Primula quickly realized it might soon take on more human feature than before. Its face began to mold differently than a dragon's. She leaped forward as best she could around her swollen stomach, wrapping a towel around the creature. It grew insanely fast, as dragons do. Minutes later a young woman sat there, wrapped in the towel and shivering. Her draconic remnants stayed the same, but otherwise she looked completely hobbit. Crimson curls, the color of her blood-red wings, wrapped around her torso. She surveyed Primula with grateful, reptilian eyes. Her voice came out crackling between a hypnotizing dragon's hiss and a hobbit voice, trying to learn what exactly she was. "Shelaacthey . . . this place . . . volctahk . . . mahorilthe . . . where am I . . . yetoraii?!" The dragon-girl exhaled a plume of smoke in frustration, and Primula gasped at the sharp teeth and forked tongue inside the creature's mouth. She stared up at Primula, then down at the towel surrounding her. Tears pricked her eyes. "Ghosho-negh." Then she shook her head, thinking how to translate from the Dragonese she initially felt to the common tongue she'd heard every day from within her egg since being stolen. "Thank you, so very much," she managed. Then she pondered some more. "Vistareyaa . . . lost . . . I . . . would have be . . . been . . . lost without you," she finished. "Embarrassed? Ishokohn—exposed." Primula paused. The dragon-girl cocked her head. "I speak right? Correctly?" she amended. Primula nodded hurriedly, finally managing to get over her shock. The dragon-girl stared at her expectantly. "Eparatroe? Your name?" "Oh!" Primula thought for a moment. "Mrs. Primula Baggins." She nodded. "I have none," she managed apologetically. "Uoshnatho. I mean to say, I have just been hatched." She glanced around the parlor at all the staring women, then shrank back towards Primula. Her voice dropped to a pleading, frightening whisper. "Skathgorae, toro jishnia forosei!" Primula glanced down. "Pardon?" The girl's snake-like eyes stared up at Primula, flooding with tears. "They mean to hurt me. And I have no mother, or so I find." The girl sniffled, and a soft whimper—not very hobbit-like in its sound—escaped from her throat. Primula collapsed from maternal pressure and dragged the girl up close to her. "Oh, sweet one . . ." she purred softly. The dragon-girl began to sob a little as the other hobbits eyed them with terrified disgust. She burrowed deeper against Primula, and felt the presence of a younger something deep within the hobbit. New life, ready to come any minute, pulsed deep down. "My mother would give me a name," she whispered as Primula swayed her back and forth. Primula paused. "Do you have any special words in your language?" Then she paused. No hobbit would recognize a Dragonese term, she knew. "What is your word for everything light and happy about the world?" The dragon-girl blinked, processing. "Therrasollarae." While this made no sense to Primula, she nodded sweetly. "Then that shall be your name. Can I call you Therra?" Therra nodded slowly. She began to flicker with pain; her dragon blood fought her growing hobbit instincts, for dragons were not meant to be mortal. She did not feel light or happy, much less anything about it. She burrowed against Primula further before realizing what she was doing: she ought to be grateful to this woman for helping her when she was obviously not desirable, looking at the way the other hobbits all reacted to her. "I thank you again," Therra said softly, backing away from Primula. She very carefully slipped her right claw over Primula's large stomach, and the hobbitess gasped. She moved to back away, but Sherra held up her other claw. "I mean not to do him harm!" she insisted. "I want to bless him, to thank you." Primula paused. "Him?" Therra nodded with a smile. "It is a he. You will have a little boy, Mrs. Primula Baggins." The hobbitess stared at her in shock for a moment before nodding hesitantly. Therra leaned down and pressed her ear to Primula's stomach, causing the latter to strain initially against the wall. Everything in her instincts scrambled to push the predator away from her baby, but she slowly and tensely convinced herself that Therra meant no harm. Therra smiled wistfully, and her expression strained with longing. It was a beautiful little boy; his eyes would not open yet, but she wanted to be there when they did. They had to be so bright. "Therrasolla," she murmured, "acnith vurue kalan, sopriskuu, vallenca, Drackeneskaa. Son of Baggins." She backed away, waving her long claws over the little one. Primula glanced up. "What did you do?" Therra grinned, her gaze still distantly staring at the miraculous little body. "I called him the blessed one, singular of the name you gave me in my language. I gave him the beauty of the Elves, the wisdom of the ages, the innocence of youth, and the strength of my kind, of the Dragons, to guide him through his burdens." Her expression grew solemn as she watched his pain. She could not see his face in future days, but she could feel his fear, his struggle against the collective darkness of this world. She winced at the sight. "He will need it, for he is destined to change the world." Later that night Therra, now dressed somewhat awkwardly in one of Primula's dresses that her wings and horns had to rip through, assisted the other women as best she could in bringing the little blessed one into the world. Therra had wanted to call him something from her language, but knowing that she now bore the name she would have given him she backed away. As soon as Primula recovered, she named him Frodo, for the wisdom of the ages. She'd remembered reading that name somewhere, or getting it from the Old Took's stories; she could not recall exactly where she had learned it from. She told this to Therra, and the girl agreed wholeheartedly to the name. Therra wrapped him in a blanket and held him while Primula rested, the latter still sweaty and breathing hard from the effort of giving birth. Therra held the little boy close, feeling a sudden connection to him. She had, after all, given him her first dragon's blessing, usually bestowed on a close family member or great friend . . . oftentimes the future mate of a dragon, but she threw away that last thought. Her connection was stronger for the fact that he was the son of the one who had saved her. While she still had to struggle her way through growth, given the sudden development of dragons as well as the slow development of mortals, Primula had given her the catalyst to move on. She kissed the top of his soft head and stroked it with her scaly fingers. His eyes eased open; they were crystal blue. She cocked her head, staring into them fondly. Her blessing shone in his eyes—oh, how great his burden would be. The moment the storm ended, Therra left to find food, or perhaps milk, and never came back. Drogo returned to meet Frodo, and he took Primula and his son back home. Therra watched them go, followed them so she could keep an eye on Primula as well as Frodo while he grew.