Your user name: Bizerkokittykin Team: Place Title: Fires at Midnight Rating: R Warnings: explicit language (Sirius' foul mouth), violence, canon character death; first person POV, present tense. Disjointed thoughts, ramblings. Deliberate sentence fragments and misuse of capitalization. Genres: Angst, Adventure, AU Word Count: 6,108 Summary: What if Sirius got to James and Lily's before Hagrid? What if Remus went with him that night after Pettigrew? What if it all could have been different? Notes: Honestly? I forgot Sirius iwasn't/i the first one at James at Lily's that night, or the one to get Harry. Don't know why. Still, I hope this all plays out well. Also, thank you to my lovely coworker who betaread this piece; you were a lifesaver. Prompt: 8) "Fires at Midnight" by Blackmore's Night Ao3 Tags - Relationships: Sirius/Remus, James/Lily Characters: Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, Harry Potter, James Potter, Lily Potter nee Evans, Rubeus Hagrid, Alastor Moody, Albus Dumbledore Additional Tags: Angst, Adventure, AU Fic/Art Below: I stood out here once before With my head held in my hands, For all that I had known of this place I could never understand. On the hills the fires burned at midnight, Superstition plagued the air, Sparks fly as the fires burn at midnight, the stars are out and magic is here… I wished on the seven sisters, Bring to me wisdom of age, All that's locked within the book of secrets, I longed for the knowledge of the sage… I'm driving on, but all that I can think is, There's fire. Because there is, there must be a fire burning over by Godrick's Hollow. I can see red reflected on the sky, and I can smell smoke and see smoke, and...are those sparks? I had come down rather too harshly onto the pavement on the far side of the square by the post office and now I'm skidding the bike around corners and through rows of tidy homes towards the reddening horizon. As I round the last corner to James and Lily's house,- Why can I remember which one is theirs? - my breath catches in my throat and I find myself choking. I skid the bike to a stop and nearly throw it aside. I stumble to stand and stop to gawk. James and Lily's cottage! James and Lily's precious little cottage. Most of it's standing fine, still with the neat flowerbeds and trimmed hedge, but the roof! The house only seems to Have half a roof, the right side of it blown clear off and, well, there's the fire. The edges around the hole in the roof are still smoking, sending tendrils up to mix with the red hues and the mocking, laughing tinkling of the stars. I hobble my way past the gate and through the open front door. I can't stop thinking, I have to find them. I gag and duck back out the door. Well, you found one of them, says some cruel, very haughty and Black-ish corner of my brain. The rest of me's too in shock. I look back in. I keep thinking, This has to be a joke. Before I realize, I find myself on my knees at his side. James is laying on the floorboards and I'm bawling. I'm not even making much noise; I'm crying too hard. Nothing's coming but short little gasps and chokes. James is laying on the ground halfway in the entryway to the cottage, between the door and the stairs. Hazel eyes are staring blankly up at the ceiling and his glasses are crooked. Pale arms are splayed, but he doesn't have his wand out. There isn't a mark on him. Avada Kedavra , then. My hands are shaking, but I reach out and close his eyes. I straighten his glasses. I push a few unruly curls back from his face. Daft bastard, I think, because now I know it's not a prank, not a joke, and a slow rage is starting to build up under the layers of tears and numbness. I stand and make my way up the stairs. I glance around, holding my wand in a hand that is now more steady, training having kicked in. I'm sad, numb, cold and angry. Really fucking angry. I scan the hallway, keeping my guard up. Harry's room. Most of the other doors aren't open, but I see a light shining out through a gap in Harry's door. Wait- Shit! Because Harry's room, Gods, that's about where the roof was missing, isn't it? I make my way to it and cautiously push the door open more. I meet an odd resistance and my stomach swims again when I see tendrils of red slipping under the door where the resistance is coming from. Gods, I mean, damn, I mean, fuck. Red. I duck around the door. And there she is. There's Red. There's Mrs Hoity-Toity Lily Potter nee Evans. I miss her already. I can feel my jaw open and have to make myself blink. Fuck. She's just laying there, paler than ever under the light of stars and fire. I choke back another sob. Gods, I'm sorry, Red. This is all my fault. I'm sorry, Jamie. I don't understand, I don't get it and I just don't know how this could have happened. How could it? And I am so, so, so fucking sorry Har- Harry? I hear sniffling and movement from where I'm leaning on the door frame. My head snaps up- I end up getting a mouthful of my own hair- and there he is. Big green eyes look up at me, filled with tears. He's standing in his crib, holding anxiously onto the bars. "Pafoo'?" he asks me. I let go of a breath I didn't even know I was holding. I put my wand away and make my way around Lily- Fuck!- and go to pick him up. He holds tight to my neck with clammy little hands. His head is cocked down at Lily on the floor. "Pafoo'? Mumma." I stop Harry as soon as he starts that. I bounce him on my hip and move his head into the crook of my neck. "Harry, Harry, Harry," I say as a mantra. "Harry, Uncle Padfoot is so glad to see you, baby. Harry, I thought-" I choke, stop myself off. I shake my head and start rubbing his back instead. I bounce him again and look around. I can't tell what happened here. There's the obvious hole in the roof and one corner of the room under it, by Harry's crib, is covered in a layer of black. What happened here? Death Eaters, obviously. Or maybe Old Bloody Eyes, himself. I look up at the hole in the roof. What could have...? I shake my head and brush a hand over Harry's curls, brushing them back off the sticky forehead. My hand comes back red. "Harry!" I shift him and look down at his face. How hadn't I seen it before? There, on his bared forehead, is a small cut, bleeding steadily. Harry squirms in my arm, starts to fuss. "Pafoo'! Mumma!" Harry starts to cry, and I push him back into my neck and use both arms to hold him still. I can only think, I need to get out of here. I make my way back to the door and look down at Lily again. Her eyes are closed, but her face has a pinched look. Her hair is a large, red halo fanning out around her face. In that moment, I burn everything in the room into my mind. I couldn't forget, anyway. From Lily's hair, to the fire, to Harry's Magical Alphabet poster, I'll remember it all. I make myself leave Harry's room and make my way down the hall and to the staircase. There's where they framed the photo we all took by the lake seventh year. There's where Prongs "signed" a photo of himself with a big inky hoofprint. There's that godawful wallpaper in their upstairs bath and the litterbox—where the hell is Lily's cat anyway? Did it go out the front door? Harry has stilled a little and I grab the railing on the way down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, I can turn and see the edge of the large rug in their sitting room and the end of their loveseat. And there's that ugly lamp with the beaded trim. And there's the door to the kitchen with all of Lily's china and the cookie jar that Lily was always yelling at James about. I turn my head and make myself head to the front door. I determinedly Do Not look down when I hear and feel Harry yelling, "Dadaa!" I end up sitting on the front step of James and Lily's cottage. I sit Harry in my lap and stare at the sidewalk, gutted. I don't know how long I'm sitting there, but eventually I look up, feeling more than seeing or hearing what's changed. Remus is pushing his way past the front gate. He looks panicky and sickly pale and out of breath. He gasps a breath and looks at me. "Sirius?" I nod and he walks up to me. He reaches out one scarred hand tentatively and doesn't quite touch Harry's forehead while the questions form in his eyes. "Sirius, what happened...?" I can only sigh and shake my head. I can only think, see, feel and James is on the floorboards and Lily's hair is a halo of red and Harry's sticky forehead and my hand comes back red... I snap back and Remus is in front of me with worry in his eyes and Harry is squirming and fussing. Was he shaking me? Fuck if I know. "Sirius? Sirius! What is it? Are you okay?" "'M fine," I mutter, low and hoarse. I can barely see the man's face in front of me by the red-orange light from the fire, the moon, and those damned laughing stars. I glance up at where I know the Orion constellation would be, at Bellatrix. I bet you're fucking happy now, aren't you? "Sirius? You are not fine," Remus says with a scowl, calling me out on my lie. "I'm not fine," I admit. I hear my voice, his voice, Harry as if it is all coming from very far away. I focus my eyes back on Remus. I can see the bunched place between his eyebrows, furrowed. It was always a kind of cute look on him, when we were back in school. And later, when I would lean in and kiss the furrow away from his brow. Funny how long ago that all seems now, a war ago, a lifetime ago. He quirks his mouth and looks a little lost. We haven't talked for a while now. There was that fight, and then he walked out, moving back into his da's old place. We haven't really talked since then, with the stress and the suspicion. He seems at a loss as to how to do it now, and seems awkward. I probably would feel awkward now too, if I could feel much of anything at all. I blink and shift Harry. "Er, Sirius." I feel his eyes and he waits until I look at him. "You need to tell me: what happened?" He looks up at the smoking hole in James and Lily's roof. James is on the floorboards. I shake my head and hold Harry close. Remus sighs and stands up, he goes around me and reaches for the doorknob. I twist violently and grab his hand. "Remus, no!" He turns and looks at me, looks at my hand on his arm. I don't let go, but rather pull him away. "Remus, don't go in there." I can't see the look on my face, but I can imagine how bad it must look, based on the way he's staring at me. He swallows. "Why?" "Because...James...James, he's..." on the floorboards, and his eyes are