A/N: Rated E for Language and General Smuttiness. This is my very first attempt at smut so please let me know if you like it. I don't think I can really call this a drabble because it's pretty long. All I can say is sorry and grab a glass of wine! I have to say a huge-huge-huge THANK YOU to papofglencoe who volunteered to Beta for me. I'm so honored that you thought my project might be worth your time and amazing talent. You're encouragement and kind words went a long way in assuring that this story didn't get trashed within minutes of writing it. I absolutely adore you and those Oxford Commas of yours! Oh, some of those sexy suggestions weren't too bad either. Sweet Child of Mine Four months, eighteen days, and four hours. That is how long our sweet little Lilly has been a part of our family. She is out-and-out baby perfection wrapped up in the plush green giraffe blanket I bought within hours of learning of her impending arrival. Mom had even been excited to learn that she was going to have a granddaughter; I wish she could've lived long enough to meet her. I look down at Lilly asleep in her carrier and caress the dark tresses that wisp across her forehead. She has the most beautiful black hair. Prim hopes it will lighten to a shade of brown closer to my own, but I know different. She has her Daddy's thick raven-colored hair, but it's not as coarse as her Dad's. Her tiny waves still feel like spun silk whenever you touch them. Lilly sighs softly in her sleep, and I can't resist pulling her out of the carrier so I can snuggle her close to my chest. She stretches her body, arching her little back as I lift her. Oh , I love it when you do that, it's so precious ! I press my nose into her little neck and inhale her scent; she still has that new baby smell. My heart is so full of love for this little ladybug. Who knew I could love someone so completely before I even got to meet them. I never thought I could be capable of this kind of love. Protective love, yes…that screams Katniss, but gentle and consistent was never my forte. Yet here I am, head over heels in love with Lilly Amelia Hawthorne. A car door shuts outside that starts the dog barking, scaring Lilly awake. Her body jerks, her arms splaying out in alarm, but her eyes don't open; she squeezes her eyes shut and juts her little baby lip out in a pout. Her forehead wrinkles and her chest heaves. The crying is about to commence. "Hey, shhhhh…I've got the sweet baby, yes I do," I coo as I bounce Lilly in a futile attempt to comfort her. She's not having it, and there's only one thing that I know will settle her, so I lower my head to her face and sing softly. You're my honeybunch, sugar plum Pumpy-umpy-umpkin You're my sweetie pie You're my cuppycake, gumdrop Snoogums, boogums, you're The apple of my eye And I love you so And I want you to know That I'll always be right here And I want to sing Sweet songs to you Because you are so dear... "You look so beautiful holding her." I'm startled to see Peeta standing just outside the screen door with an expression I can't quite read. The evening sun serves as a backdrop and casts an orange glow behind him, highlighting the blonde curls that form over his ears whenever he lets his hair get too long. Blonde waves fall across his forehead, hovering dangerously close to eyes so deep and blue, they pin me in place, filling my heart with a feeling that resembles regret and longing. "I could hear you singing from outside, I just had to stop and listen for a minute..." Peeta's voice trails off as he glances over his shoulder, taking in the burdened form of Lilly's Dad as he makes his way towards the front porch. He stops briefly to readjust the load of baby paraphernalia he's pulled from the trunk of the car. "Damn," Peeta says. "Who knew such a little girl would need so much stuff." He turns on his heel, bringing his hand up to shield his eyes from the setting sun. "Come on, Hawthorne, put your back into it." The absence of his stare and Lily's stirrings snap me out of my reverie. She's still snuggled into my chest but I take a moment to readjust and cradle her in my arms. Peeta opens the door just in time for Lilly's Dad to stumble across the threshold, dropping his cargo, in a heap, in the middle of the foyer. "Thought you said you were coming to help, Mellark?" Peeta quietly shuts the screen door behind him and toes at the mound of pink and purple that has accumulated near the front door. "Sorry, Rory, I got a little sidetracked up here," he says with a sheepish smile, his eyes finding mine again. "I heard." Rory makes his way over to me but addresses Lilly in his playful Daddy voice. "Your Uncle Peeta is such a slacker, yes he is. I don't know what Mommy and I were thinking letting you stay here with Auntie Katniss and her good-for-nothing husband." Rory straightens and gives Peeta a playful shove. "Hey, I got the door, didn't I?" Peeta says, shoving Rory back. At the word Mommy, Lilly's eyes open, and Prim's eyes stare back at me. "There's our beautiful girl," I tut back. "I was wondering when I'd get to see those beautiful blue eyes today… so much like your Mommy's… yes they are." The playful shoves stop between Rory and Peeta as they move closer to gaze down at Lilly. I turn my attention back to the men. "Speaking of Mommy... where is Prim?" "Still looking for Rabbit," Rory chortles. "She insists that she put the damn thing in the car." Just then Prim bounds into the house holding said Rabbit in her hand. "Found him!" "Prim," I say, "I'm sure Lilly would've survived a few days without him." "Maybe, but I've never been away from my sweet little snugglebug, and I want to make sure she has all her favorite things." Prim smiles down at her daughter, reaching out to caress her soft head. "Besides, you'll be happy to have him around if she gets fussy." "Well, I guess we ought to get going. Prim?" Rory regards his wife pleadingly. This weekend is their third wedding anniversary, and they are going away for some much needed rest and alone time. Rory has been anticipating this trip for several weeks, but Prim is having a harder time leaving her daughter behind. I can't say that I blame her. "She's going to be fine," I reassure Prim as best as I can. "Peeta and I are so excited to have her for a whole weekend." I look over at Peeta, who is grinning from ear to ear. I know he's just dying to get his hands on Lilly, but he's letting me get my fill of her first. "Okay, sweet girl, Mommy's gonna go." Prim walks over to take Lilly in her arms and smother her with more Mommy-love kisses before heading to the front door. Rory follows suit, and after a few more tearful hugs from Prim, Lilly is passed back to me and they are out the door. "So, are you on baby brigade or dinner duty?" Peeta asks as he shuts the door behind them. "You get first choice tonight." "Hmmmm," I mock serious contemplation. "If I choose baby brigade, what are you planning for dinner?" "Eggplant Parmesan?" "Oh god, yes please. I call baby brigade!" "Good. That means you get to sort through Mount Babies "R" Us in the foyer and get Lilly all settled in." Peeta leans in to steal a kiss. "I'll get dinner started." I wrinkle my nose as he pulls away and turn my attention back to the snugglebug. "Lilly! Do you hear your Uncle Peeta? Being all sneaky…he thinks he's so funny, doesn't he?" Lilly smiles and purses her lips into a small little o . Her hands wiggle and her feet kick and she scrunches up her nose as if she might actually try to respond to my question. "Come on, sweet girl, let's get you settled." A few hours later Lilly is fed and bathed, and now it's my turn. I'm covered in dried up splattering's of baby cereal from Lilly sneezing just as I spooned the banana-flavored mixture in her mouth, and there's a trail of spit-up that has dried on my back. "Peeta, I'm hopping in the shower," I call out from our bedroom before disappearing into the ensuite bathroom. My tired muscles ache and I talk myself into a soak in the tub instead. I settle into the warm water, prop a towel behind my head, and fall asleep within minutes. I have no idea how much time has gone by, but when I wake the water is tepid, so I know I've been in here a while. I'm just thinking about rousing myself when I hear his deep baritone voice. Buh-duh Buh-duh I open one eye and see that the bathroom door is ajar. Buh-duh Buh-duh Yep, it's the theme from Jaws. "Peeta, what are you doing?" I laugh and strain my neck to get a better look. Just then the door is toed open and I see Lilly being dangled in the doorway with what appears to be a cardboard shark fin tied to her head. Buh-duh Buh-duh "Peeta," I chuckle. "Get that off her head!" "There's nobody here but us sharks," Peeta calls back in his singsong voice. "We're here to eat you all up." Peeta comes rushing into the bathroom with Lilly, serenading me with the theme song from Jaws. He lifts her up swooping her down over me a few times before plopping down on the floor next to the tub, setting Lilly in his lap. "We thought you might be getting lonely in here." Peeta's hand settles in the water, his fingers skittering along my thigh. I know the look Peeta's giving me, and I'm reminded why we tore out the original tub that came with the house, and had a garden tub installed instead. "Oh no! You take Lilly and go play nicely. I'll be out in just a few minutes." Peeta tosses me a forlorn look before making his way out of the bathroom, giving the door a little push so it nearly closes. With Peeta safely in the other room, I climb out of the tub, dry off, and change into some sleeping shorts and a comfy tank top. I'm towel drying my hair after brushing my teeth when I catch sight of Peeta in the reflection of the mirror. His back is to me, and I can only see through the crack of the door, so I turn to get a better look. I have to bite back my laughter when I see Peeta holding a broom like it's a makeshift guitar, rocking back and forth singing to Lilly as she lies on the bed. Her coos and laughter fill the room every time Peeta's raspy and slightly out-of-tune voice pauses. I turn off the bathroom vent fan and push the door open a little more so I can listen to the two of them. He has no idea that I'm standing here listening to him sing. She's got a smile it seems to me Reminds me of childhood memories Where everything Was as fresh as the bright blue sky Now and then when I see her face She takes me away to that special place And if I'd stare too long I'd probably break down and cry Oh, oh, oh Sweet