A/N: This story was originally my very first story. I started writing it in the 6th grade with two girls who were my best friends at the time. Now, after deleting it and its companions, I have decided to rewrite it the way I wanted it to be from the start. I hope you like this version of the story! My Brother's Keeper The rain drizzled on as normal, the weather adding on to the already monotonous day. Even though it was early in the morning, school wasn't due to take in for at least another hour and a half, I felt as though something was meant to happen today. I sighed as I went to place my sisters' breakfast on the bar in the kitchen. That was when it happened. I was pulled into a vision of the future, of today. I was in school, in my English class, writing down the day's homework when the door opened and he walked in. He was blonde, tall, and obviously (to me) a vampire. His nose twitched, his head turned towards me, and his eyes met mine. His eyes were not red like those of my older siblings, but gold. He saw me, blinked a few times, and smiled. Then, it was over. I panicked. I felt my heart rate increase, and I knew I needed to calm down. Unfortunately, instead of calming down, I dropped the plates. Food went everywhere on my kitchen floor, and I felt a tear slip down my face. All of a sudden, the mess was being cleaned up, and a pair of strong arms pulled me into the family room. I inhaled the scent of my step-brother as he hugged me and told me everything would be okay. Sure, he smelled slightly like a wet dog, but he had a secondary scent that nearly masked the wet dog smell. Embry smelled of fresh pine from how much time he spent in the woods; pine was one of my favorite scents. "Do you wanna tell me what happened, Evie?", he asked, and I nodded as I looked up at him slowly. "Em, do you know of any vampires with gold eyes?", I asked him, and he chuckled. "Evie, do you remember my friend Jacob?", he asked me in reply, and I nodded. "Do you remember me telling you about Jacob's wife, Renesme Cullen?", he asked another question, to which I nodded. "What about Jake and Ness?", I asked him, thinking about my hybrid friend and my brother's Alpha. "Nessie's parents are vampires with gold eyes. They don't hunt humans; they hunt animals. Nessie became a full vampire after the twins were born, and they're whole coven is moving back here. Did you have a vision about one of them?", Embry asked me, and I nodded. "I saw a male vampire. He was tall and blonde. His facial features were sort of sprite-like and happy. Do you know his name?", I asked my brother. "Yeah, with that description, you saw Mason. He actually has a rather odd story, but I'm not the one to tell it. Now, what do you say we change your vision?", he responded, and I giggled at his childish expression. "We have to get the other two ready for school first.", I said as I playfully swatted at his shoulder. "Okay, but I call Sammy!", he said as he ran up the staircase. "You always give me the hard jobs!", I called after him as I went into the kitchen to find my older sister's boyfriend sweeping up the glass from the shattered plates. "I've got this, you go deal with Del. Jane will kill me if I make you late for school or something. Just go and get Elsa ready for school, and we'll all go get breakfast.", Seth told me with a smile, and I smiled back before hurrying up the back staircase. "The cold never bothered me anyway!", I sung as I skipped up the stairs to wake up my "ice queen" of a middle sister. I entered my younger sister's room quietly, skipping lightly over to the window. Light poured in as I opened the blinds and reached over to press play on my sister's iPhone. Music burst forth and my sister fell out of her bed. I laughed as she hit the floor, and then I ducked as a pillow came flying at my head. "You missed me again, Delia. Get up, get dressed, and meet us downstairs as soon as you can. Em and Seth are here, and we're going with them over to a friend's house before school. Hurry up.", I said, and she bolted out of bed faster than I could get out of the room. "What are you hiding?", Delia asked, and I smiled innocently. "Nothing. Just get dressed.", and I flounced out of the room before she could say anything else. Fifteen minutes later, I found myself standing on the back deck of my house with my sisters. Odelia, or Delia, had surprised me by being ready to go on time; and Samantha, or Sam/Sammy, had been waiting on me when I got downstairs after waking Delia up. Embry and Seth had gone off into the woods to shift into their wolf forms. Yes, they have wolf forms. The two happen to be part of the second of two shape-shifter packs in the Quileute Native American tribe. Embry's friend Jacob was the Alpha of the second pack, and Embry and Seth had joined Jacob when he decided to leave the first pack. It all gets rather confusing, so I try not to think too much about it. Instead, I chose to focus on the two giant wolves walking up to the three of us. "Let me guess," I asked my brother. "you want to race?" The wolf with gray fur and black spots gave me a happy nod, and I turned to my sisters. "Should we?", I asked them, and they both nodded. "Tell us what scent to track, and we're game.", Sam said, and I thought about whose scent they would know. "Do you guys remember Jacob Black, Em's Alpha?", I asked, and both of them nodded. "We'll track his scent to get to the finish line.", Delia said, and we readied ourselves. I counted down from five, and as soon as I said one, the five of us took off into the woods. Even in my high heeled boots, I was still faster than Embry and Odelia. Samantha was gaining on me, and Seth was five feet in front of me. I knew it would be better for Seth to reach the Cullens' first, but I really wanted to win. I pushed on harder, and I had almost overtaken Seth when it happened again. I stopped dead in my tracks, a vision pulling me in. The Cullens were scrambling to hide Renesme and her children as Alec entered their house. His normally red eyes were pale, and, if at all possible, he was paler too. I immediately walked over to him with Seth. I heard a few of the Cullens growl. "Al, what happened? Where's Sissy?", I asked him, and he shook his head. "She's at the house, but she's weak. We've been running from Aro for nearly a week, and neither of us have been able to feed. She said she'd raid you mini-fridge, and I guess I should as well.", Alec replied calmly, but I just raised my eyebrow. "Why are you running from Aro?", I asked. "He found out about you three and Jane's relationship with Seth. It was okay at first, but when Jane refused to leave Seth for one of the new members of the guard, he snapped. I heard him plotting with Caius due to his eagerness to wipe out the wolves anyway, and they were going to send Felix and the new guard member, Dominic, to kill Seth. With him gone, Jane would have nothing attaching her to anyone outside the Volturi.", Alec's words were the last I heard before the vision ended. When I could see the real world again, Seth was in front of me in human form, his eyes filled with worry. "Did you get me to speak during the vision?", I asked him, and he nodded. "So, Felix is coming to kill me with the new guy. I sent Embry ahead with Sammy and Delia, so we should probably get going.", Seth told me slowly, and I felt my eyes widen. "Seth, run to the Cullen's house, now! If Alec sets foot inside that house with only Embry to protect him, he'll be killed!", I shrieked before taking off, Seth right beside me, still in human form and just as fast as I was. The two of us skidded to a stop in the Cullens' driveway. I could see fifteen people with my two younger sisters and Embry. They were all spread out around the house, but they were all visible through the walls of windows. Seth and I entered together, and I found myself swept into a hug from a familiar vampire. "Hey, Nessie!", I chirped as she let go of me. "Hey, Evie! It's been a while, hasn't it?", she asked, her smile reaching her now gold eyes. "It has, but I understand why. Embry explained some things to me this morning after a vision I had. We decided to change the future a bit.", I replied with a smile of my own, and the two of us giggled. Before another word could be said, I found myself swept off my feet and into a hug totally worthy of the word "bone-crushing." "Hey, Jake!", I let out in a giggle as Embry's Alpha twirled me around. "Hey, Teensy!", he replied as he set me down, proving why he called me "Teensy." Jacob Black stood at 6'7" tall, and I stood at 5'2" short! Except for one of the Cullens, I was the shortest person I knew. After my father's last visit, even Jane was taller than I was. "If she's teensy, then what am I?", the aforementioned Cullen asked. "You're tiny, Alice.", Jake answered, and I turned to look at the Cullen who spoke. She was shorter than me, her hair was short and spiky, and her face was kind and sprightly. She seemed sweet, and I felt that I could get along with her. She skipped forward and held out her hand. "Hi, I'm Alice. You must be Evelyn; your sisters are upstairs with Embry, having breakfast.", she said, and I nodded and smiled politely as I shook her hand. I had already "eaten" before I made Delia and Sam's breakfast and dropped it. I needed to stay downstairs in order to wait on Alec. I had to help my siblings, but I also had to keep my thoughts extremely guarded. As if he'd heard my thoughts, Alec walked in, and the Cullens all zipped into the room as soon as they had caught his scent. Instead of waiting on him to speak, I ran into his arms and held on tight. I had missed Alec more than I missed my own father; he was my protector, my best friend, and, most importantly, my big brother. "She'll be okay, Al. Seth just went to make sure she drinks. Go to the house and get something for yourself. I have to stay here and explain things to them. I promise I'll come straight home after school, if I ever make it there.", I said, after hearing the door I had entered close behind Seth, before placing a kiss on Alec's cheek. He nodded, kissed the top of my head, and ran out of the house before any of the Olympic Coven could say a word. "So you and Witch Twin are a thing?", Jacob asked. "Don't call either of them that, and no, we're not!", I snapped as Embry walked over to me and grabbed a hold of