Another plot was bugging me and I knew I had to get it written down to make it go away. And I couldn't resist another Carlisle and Jasper oneshot. I still don't think there is enough of them. I hope you enjoy this fic. D Just like my other stories, the vampires in my story do bleed because they drink blood so it's gonna be in there system, right? For those waiting for an update on 'silent boy', I'm so sorry for taking so long. I promise that I will begin writing the next chapter now this is finally uploaded. This has taken me a week to type up. Disclaimer: I do not own twilight. Carlisle's POV It was dark out and most of my family were home. Edward and Emmett were playing video games in the gaming room whilst Esme and I relaxed in the lounge, watching TV. Rosalie was messing around with one of the cars in the garage whereas my other two children, Alice and Jasper, were out in the forest. For some reason, this is how they spent most nights but they weren't out hunting. The only thing that I was aware of was that this was Jasper's doing and Alice was just there to keep him company. When I questioned Edward about it, he simply told me 'it's just one of Jasper's many habits that he has to do to keep himself sane'. That had only made me want to ask more questions but I didn't. I knew how private my newest son was and it had been hard enough to gain his trust when he first joined us and after all he's been through, I didn't want to break that. My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of Emmett's cheer as he 'beat' Edward at another game. Emmett tends to crush the Xbox controller if he loses too many games which is why Edward has been forced to let him win whenever he begins to 'hear' frustration from him. At least that way, we won't have to buy a new controller every few days. I hear another sound, this time it was the sound of my phone ringing. I take it out of my pocket to find Alice's name on my screen. "Hello?" "Carlisle, you have to come quick!" Alice demanded in a panicky tone. I rose from my seat quickly as my wife gave me a concerned gaze. "What is it?" I asked. "It's Jasper. He's gone...he's ...he just ran off" I could hear Alice struggling for words. "Where are you?" I asked her. "Half way through the forest. Right by the treaty line. Please hurry. I think Jazz is in trouble" Alice answered in a rush. What was she doing so close to the wolves territory? They were both aware of the danger and I could already sense trouble. "I'll be right there" I stated. I hung up my phone and called out for the rest of my children. I had a bad feeling about this and I wasn't going to take any chances. Emmett and Edward were in the living room in an instant and Rosalie entered just a little later. "What is it?" Emmett questioned. "Alice needs us" Edward answered automatically. "Well then what are we waiting for?" Rose asked. We were out of the house and into the forest within seconds, heading toward the area Alice claimed to be. Edward had sped up once he had heard her mind and he went off ahead of us. By the time we reached the two of them, Edward was comforting Alice who looked panicked half to death. "Jasper chased a nomad off into the quiluette's side of the forest. He told Alice not to follow" Edward informed us. He looked rather strained and I couldn't tell if it was because he was hearing anxious thoughts or because he was hiding something. "Edward?" At my encouragement, he continued. "We need to get him out of there. He's in trouble, Carlisle. Alice heard growls and howls but it all got quiet as they ran further away" he finished. This wasn't good. If Jasper was on their land, they would kill him without hesitation. What on earth had he been thinking? He knew the danger he would be in. It was pointless to be mad at him now. It would do know good as every second we spent standing around was another second Jasper was in danger. "I'm going in there" I muttered. "On your own?" Emmett questioned. "Carlisle, you'll get yourself killed" Esme argued, the worry evident in her voice. "Look, if I confront them on my own, I may not pose as a threat. It was only a few weeks ago that I healed Jacob and they wont forget that" I knew that I wasn't as much of a threat to them than the rest of my family were and there must have been the smallest amount of trust that allowed them to let me pass onto their territory to help Jacob. I just pray that the trust is still there. Unfortunately this wasn't just about that tiny bit of trust they had with me because Jasper was a whole different story. I knew the wolves saw Jasper as a threat with his odd animalistic and skittish behavior; in fact, I wouldn't be surprised if my son was the first to attack. He was always on edge with people he was around everyday so being in a dangerous animals territory, those of whom are considered enemies, would only increase the chances of a trigger for his aggression. It was common to here the words 'Jasper' and 'aggression' in the same sentence and although we have managed to calm him down over the years, we haven't managed to fully tame him. Just a scent of a vampire outside of our family would cause him to go absolutely crazy. I've seen it happen many times before. An example would be when Jasper came across his first nomad after a few weeks of joining the family which was when he was at his most dangerous. He had freaked out and although the nomad hadn't given any impression that he was an enemy, Jasper had ran out and attacked him and it had taken all of my and Emmett's strength to pull him off and keep him restrained. It had all been about protecting Alice and coming to think of it, a similar incident is happening now. Jasper senses an unfamiliar scent, he runs after the nomad and decides that crossing the quiluette's territory to destroy the threat is better than letting him get away. Jasper always had a problem with unfamiliar vampires and it was just another thing that his past had caused him. "At least let me go with you" Edward begged. I debated on letting him. He was a familiar face but because of the Bella situation, that only caused him to be more of an enemy. But then again, his mind reading could be used as an advantage. "Then it's settled" Edward stated. I turned to the rest of my family, seeing the worried expression my wife was wearing, and the way Emmett was trying to look calm although I knew that Jasper was his favorite brother and he was worried about him. Rosalie, who usually seemed cold, was clearly concerned about the situation and why wouldn't she be? She knew that these wolves were dangerous and given the choice, they would probably kill Jasper and she had a tight bond with him; one that was difficult to explain. And Alice? If possible, she looked like she was going to burst into tears at any given moment and the one person who had the power to calm her down was the same person we were all worried about. "Stick around this area but do not enter the quiluette's side of the forest. I don't want anybody else in danger" I told them. I heard a loud yelp in the distance followed by a feral growl. I saw Edward wince at the sound, indicating that this wasn't good. We needed to get there and fast. I wasn't going to waste anymore time so with a nod to my family, I took off into the other half of the forest and heard Edward follow behind me. Despite being faster than me, Edward knew that it was safer to let me take the lead. I didn't want another one of my children hurt. I followed the sounds of whines and growls while Edward listened out for thoughts. I slowed down once the animal noises got louder as it was a dangerous move to just run out in the middle of a fight. As much as I wanted to get Jasper somewhere safe, rushing in could just get him killed. "Carlisle!" Edwards yelled. I suddenly found a light brown wolf stand in my way but considering the circumstances, he didn't look too dangerous. "Seth" I whispered. He watched us warily. Actually, those cautious eyes remind me of Jasper and the many times his eyes tended to watch me as if he was waiting for me to hurt him. After 50 years in the family, that look was still there. "He says Jasper's hurt. They smelt a vampire, the nomad that Jasper was chasing. The wolves were running after the nomad but they brought Jasper down too. That aggravated him but it was four against one. What the hell was Jasper thinking?" Edward questioned as he turned to me. Seth turned around and ran in the same direction that we had been heading towards and I assumed that he was leading us to Jasper. Edward nodded to confirm my thoughts and ran with Seth. When I got close enough, I saw Jasper laying still on the ground. I was about to run towards him when a larger wolf stepped in my way. A black one this time with his teeth bare. Sam. "Please...let me get him out of here" I quietly begged. Sam turned his head around to look at Jasper and only then did I notice another body scattered further from Jasper. I assume that this was the nomad that Jasper was so determined to attack. "This is our land. You shouldn't be here. You're lucky we didn't kill him" Edward repeated Sam's thoughts. I silently thanked him for translating. "Please, he was just chasing the nomad away. He meant no harm. The sooner you let me by, the sooner I can get him out of here. You know we have no intention of hurting anybody" I tried to convince him. The black wolf continued to stand in front of me, debating on what to do. I'm usually a very patient person but the moment I heard Jasper whimper in pain, I knew I couldn't wait much longer and it took everything in me to stop myself from pushing the alpha wolf out of my way. I knew it would be a bad move. "We would help if the tables were turned. You know that" I tried again. Sam turned his head back to Jasper, who tried to lift his head but failed. Sam made the decision to move aside, allowing me access to my injured son. I rushed over to him as Edward kept a close watch on the nearby wolves. Jasper tensed as he heard me approach and it was understandable. He had just been attacked and it weakened him, meaning that he was unable to defend himself. I don't even think he really saw me, his eyes were pitch black and unfocused. I moved my hand nearer to his nose, making it easy for him to smell my scent which I knew would comfort him. Not the kind of comfort that Alice gave him, or Esme or Rosalie but at least he was aware that he wasn't just surrounded by a pack of wolves. Jasper's eyes moved, like he was trying to focus