"The glories of our blood and state Are shadows, not substantial things; There is no armour against Fate; Death lays his icy hand on kings: Sceptre and Crown Must tumble down, And in the dust be equal made With the poor crookèd scythe and spade. " -James Shirley Prologue Horns echoed upon the sultry morning air, mingling with the clamor of hearty shouts and stampeding hooves. Waves of silver, black, and green flooded across the river shallows, steel and banners blazing in the early sun. They trampled across the abandoned enemy barricades, chasing the remaining combatants from the shore. When their western forces had crossed, drums billowed from the nearby hills. Countless figures swarmed over the horizon ahead. The escorts at the front of the Gondorian and Rohirrim forces halted, redirecting their men. Torrents of arrows rained upon the encroaching Haradrim, before the troops surged against the invaders. The Rohirrim cavalry crashed into the towering Oliphaunts, deploying ropes and arrows to bring down the animals. As the caravans finally dwindled, the western infantry went forth. The Haradrim broke through the front lines, cutting down everything in their path. The Gondorian and Rohirrim forces split, exposing their core. The enemy surrounded two leaders of the Rohirrim army. The officers fought alongside their men in the thick of battle. One fell from his white steed, a spear lodged in his chest. "Brother!" The second officer was thrown from his horse, the animal's legs destroyed by hacking steel. A Haradrim champion struck at him, then toppled harmlessly to the ground. Another soldier helped the surviving prince to his feet and returned his weapon. "My lord, we must break through. Your vanguard is nearly obliterated." "I agree, Captain." Their comrades went ahead, seeking to clear a path, but fell one by one. Haradrim encircled them and raised their bows, showering them with arrows. The Captain seized his shield and knocked his commander to the ground, seconds too late. An arrow pierced the prince's neck, killing him instantly. The Captain huddled under his shield, desperately checking for a pulse. His knuckles whitened as he gripped the hilt of his sword. He whispered offerings to the Valar, preparing himself to die. He cast the shield aside and vaulted into the enemy horde, slashing at random vulnerable flesh. Every moment passed in agony, his body screaming with anger and loss. The enemy swords grew tighter around him, circling to kill. Suddenly half of the surrounding enemy fell dead, the unit of his most loyal men swooping upon them. They roared together against the Haradrim, advancing the center of Rohan's forces to those of Gondor. Reunited, they obliterated the rest of the invaders, driving the remains from the Crossings. The Captain and his men returned to the site of the fallen princes, bearing their bodies onto horses. The Gondorians and Rohirrim gathered at the western end of the ford, surrounding protectively around the victorious Steward Túrin and his son Turgon. The Rohirrim Captain and his men dutifully marched towards the gathering, leading the horses one by one. The dead princes were balanced delicately upon the saddles, covered with banners in reverence. At the border of the encampment, they were accosted by soldiers of Gondor. Without explanation, their unit's weapons were confiscated. They were led to the center of camp, where the tents of the military leaders stood. Several dozen armed Gondorians called their commanders and enclosed the Rohirrim unit, watching them suspiciously Captain Turgon arrived immediately and entered the ring of men. He circled the arrivals inquisitively, urging the Rohirrim Captain forward. "These are the bodies of Prince Folcred and Fastred of Rohan. Why do you bear them?" "Our lords died surrounded by Haradrim in the midst of battle. We request leave to build a barrow at the foot of the river crossing for them." "Liars! You defile these honorable men by covering them with banners of the Harad. I'll bet you slaughtered them yourselves. Remove your helmets, all of you!" Turgon ripped the grey banners with black stars from the horses, stomping them into the ground with his boots. The unit soldiers slid off their gear, revealing blond hair on all except the leader. The dark haired Captain gazed at Turgon, grimacing. "My lord, there is no reason to insult my house or my men with this nonsense." "You are clearly not Rohirrim, yet you call yourself an officer among them. These are the markings of the royal house of the Harad." The man grit his teeth and picked up the banner gently, brushing the dirt off. "Their banners carry four pointed stars in black, not eight. It was taken in mockery of my house." The Gondorian stared at him and raised his hand in dismissal. "A likely story—" "Stand down Captain Turgon, before you make a bigger fool of yourself," interrupted a deep voice. Startled, he bowed and retreated into the men surrounding the Rohirrim unit. They stepped respectfully aside for the Steward of Gondor, his stern form towering over them. Rich fabric and heavy mail draped over his aging frame, and the White Tree stood upon the center of his chest. Lord Túrin picked up the second damaged banner, examining it closely. He surveyed the foreign Captain with his piercing stare. "You are Dúnedain, no doubt. I see it in your face. Who are you?" The man bowed in acquiescence. "Elored, of the house Indûrion." "You claim descent from a house exiled before the end of the Kings? None are left in Gondor with that name." "I do not deceive you Lord Steward." "Who bore you?" "Nóruiel of Haranór in East Anórien," he said slowly. "Then you belong to Gondor. Why do you serve King Folcwine of Rohan?" asked Túrin scathingly. "My father sent me there for foster after the White Tree died." The Steward handed the banner back, his brow furrowing. "You are no longer in his service. You will enter into my guard, submitting to my rule. The blood of Númenor will remain in Gondor." "Lord—" Túrin turned, motioning to his men. "Bury the Princes of Rohan with honor." Elored narrowed his eyes and whipped towards his men, fury raging in his heart. They worked upon a barrow without sleeping, and carried the princes there at dawn. The Rohirrim forces lined along the river edge, and hailed the procession with solemn voices. Sweat and tears rolled down their faces, all fixated on the two biers. Captain Elored stood silently, the death hymns echoing distantly in his ears. There was a heavy sigh next to him as a shorter man with red hair stepped close. Elored bowed in acknowledgment and murmured, "Marshal Déor." When the last stone was placed on the barrow, the leaders turned to each other. "I am ashamed I couldn't protect them. My failure hastened their deaths." "Lord Marshal, the forces were halved in two. I nearly joined them in death," said Elored. Déor studied the barrow, his hair falling protectively across his face. "It is better to be dead beside my kin. This is an unpayable debt to their father." He continued, "I am now in command of our deployed force. Steward Túrin questioned me, and discovered my kinship to his son's wife. He used the connection to compel our troops to stay here. He declared it is our duty ." "Isn't there some other way—" Déor shook his head, tightening his grip on the sword sheathed upon his side. "You and I…our roots run in deep in soil far away. Nonetheless, the dignity and power of the Dúnedain is not to be violated. King Folcwine will bow to the demand, for a time." "Ridiculous," murmured Elored. "Even one year is too long. Many of our men may choose to settle here. Perhaps the population of Gondor will slowly swell with more soldiers," replied Deor. "My father once said we are all one people, strayed in our paths from another," said Elored. "This Steward does not ally men together. He twists their hopes to stay his fear and manipulates them to increase control. This is not the kind of man I wish to serve." The main gathering departed around them, leaving the site in stillness. He gazed at the rising sun, burned brightly over the top of the freshly turned soil. Abruptly loud shouts rent the air, and three fellow soldiers appeared behind them. The Marshal seized one by the arm, clenching tightly. "Why do you disturb the peace of our Princes?" "We bear them a gift my lord," stuttered the man. His comrade stepped forward, unwrapping cloth from a large object. "The head of the Harad leader who assaulted them!" The grisly war painted face of the enemy was planted atop a wooden stake, his features caked in blood. Both Rohirrim leaders froze, their mouths opening blankly. "You call yourselves Men of Rohan? Bury that man immediately!" commanded Déor. "Sir?" "There is no honor in this desecration," said Elored quietly. "We will not walk in the darkness with the enemy." They urged the other soldiers away, and stood closer together. "We may have stopped this army's invasion, but the Shadow has already fallen on the West." "We must journey into this night with swords drawn," said Captain Elored. "All those follow after us will be swallowed up." Battle of the Crossings of Poros, Gondor. Third Age, in the year 2885. Chapter One: Prodigal "Every parent is at some time the father of the unreturned prodigal, with nothing to do but keep his house open to hope." -John Ciardi Arcúnalin, Anórien, Gondor. 27th of Nénimë 3003, Third Age. Fear. Piercing wails and frenzied steps. The noises broke the solid stillness enshrining her body. A firm hand yanked her upward and attempted to shield her face. She struggled and kicked her tiny feet hard, loosening her mother's grip. Her head lolled sideways, allowing her to see the trampled man on the ground. Blood pooled beneath his mangled body, and his familiar eyes were devoid of emotion. Her three years of life were too few to know his true name, but she had called him "mellon". This man was a bringer of toys, playmates, and bright smiles. He did not smile now, he could not smile again. She fought her mother's restraining hands and tried to scream, her voice strangled by tears. The distress of those minutes clung to the farthest reaches of her memory. They engulfed every dream of this place, not allowing her to forget. Memories of her happier youth in distant hills were fading into colorless dreams of better days. She had felt the burdened shroud of this land descend upon her when she'd returned. Her ancestors watched expectantly in every corner of Haemuin, in graves and immortalizing portraits. She cursed extensively at the hefty yoke they'd thrust onto her, dragging her out of the only home she wanted, or knew. Her muffled voice broke the silence, returning her from tangled and disturbing thoughts. Her dim hiding spot suddenly flooded with light. The table cloth pulled upward from view, replaced by a boy's face. "Hallas, I found Aira!" he shouted. The volume of his voice penetrated deep, rattling her eardrums. She jumped in reaction, hitting her head against the table's underside. The wooden scrollwork dug into her scalp, the pain making her eyes water. Struggling for balance, she dropped forward onto her palms and growled at the boy. He jumped backward, nearly slipping on the shining floor tiles. The main door of the dining hall swung open, stirring the tapestries on nearby walls. A well-built young man with chestnut hair and grey eyes appeared, dressed in training gear. He visually swept the room and strode towards the noisy children. He grasped the shoulder of Aira's riding coat, forcing her to stand before she could gain her feet. "You are too old for hiding under tables, sister. I hoped womanhood would stop these foolish games." "I'm only thirteen," Aira grumbled. The boy smiled nervously, dashing away before Hallas could release