I just came to say the spelling mistakes that are made can be a little unsettling, the sheer amounts of it can be sickening too. To stop that i'm CONSTANTLY checking and rechecking, and rechecking these kind of things, the story might be different than the last time you read it, i am sorry for that. A Little inconvenient i know, but it stops you all from cringing at my weird spelling mistakes. i'm stopping author's notes, you all don't need to hear my rambling, if i go somewhere and might not post a while, i won't post a while. Period. You're here for the story not my life. I'm working on keeping my mouth shut. But if you leave a review, and it's a question you want answered, i will answer it on my next update, where the normal author's note should be. Last but not least thank you everyone who has already followed or favorited me, and for those who might sometime in the future, i appreciate it, even if i don't say it where the author note should be. I am not joking or being sincere about this, i have made 7 fanfics and 5 have been deleted because of very little follows, favorites and reviews. When i say thank you i mean thank you. This will be my only words through the first book of my version of Harry Potter. I hope you enjoy, and please please please leave a review! The characters do not belong to me, but the plot and thinking does, DON'T COPY AND OR STEAL THIS STORY! This chapter is the only chapter that has been written, i will rewrite chapter 2 tomorrow, goodnight. Prologue:The Past "Congratulation, it's a boy," exclaimed the happy Medi-witch as she handed the baby to an elastic Lily Potter. Smiling, she watched as the happy mother hugged her baby boy with pride. She just loved those moments, when mother and baby bonded. It was an added bonus to her surprisingly easy job. The best part was that she also got to bond with the babies everyday. Another bonus was probably the fact that there was a slim but likely chance you were holding the next most powerful wizard to exist. Lisa would always envy the lucky Med-Witch that managed to hold Merlin as a baby. Or even Albus Dumbledore, or Lockhart, that man is a doll. Lisa let out a girly giggle somewhere in the back of her mind. He-who-must-never-be named, she could pass, maybe the Med-Witch that cared for him dropped on the ground one to many times, it would explain a lot. Slowly heading back towards the main office for the nursery, she couldn't help but hum a soft tune that she always heard her mom sing when she was young. "Morning Lisa, happy as ever I can see," A soft voice told her as she walked into the her office next to the nursery. "Morning," was her only reply as she bent over lots of papers to get to Lily's file. "Don't you think it is a little early to release them?" the voice questioned challengingly. "They have been here for almost two weeks, I think it is time," Lisa answered honestly. All she got was a hesitant smile in response. Only having known Lily for a week, she already picked up the fact that she was a very strong woman. She expected great things from that family, great things indeed. She quietly got back to work, filling out more release papers to some more families that honestly looked like they needed it. With You-Know-Who ruling, there was no reassurance that this small section of St. Mungo would not be overrun by Death Eaters. Honestly, when will that man just die? Shaking her head, she got up and slowly headed back to the Potter's room, hoping to clean it up for the next patient that would come later in the day. It was late afternoon when Lisa finished, just as she was about to leave though, she heard voices. Strange voices indeed. "Wipe em out, leave no one alive," came a confident voice. Eyes widening, she slowly backed away, sitting heavily on the hospital bed. There was silence for a few moments before crying was heard in the distant. Screams soon joined them as she stared in horror at the door. She could hear thundering footsteps running through the halls. Fear slowly consumed her as she heard the screaming of some petrified mothers and doors slamming open noisily. The babies, they were killing defenseless, can't even think for themselves right now babies! Anger and fear slowly consumed her. Lisa's sandy blond hair, looked more dirty blond then it ever did in a long time. Her once bright blue eyes were dulled and ablaze with fear and anger. Silently, she brought out her wand and ran to the door. Cracking it open a bit, she looked around the wide hallways, which were in fact full of color. Death Eaters ran about killing any baby seen, Parents wacking lots of random people, good or bad in the head, babies in pink and blue screaming and crying like banshees, in other words, there was chaos everywhere. But the worse part was, the Death Eaters were winning. Babies and parents alike were dropping dead like flies, Now Lisa was no Slytherin, nor did the Sorting Hat even consider putting her in Ravenclaw, but she knew she needed a plan quickly if she was going to make it out of this alive. Either stay in the room under a spell to keep people from noticing her, or slip into the crowd and hope to make it out without any major injuries. Lisa took one look at this frantic mother with a long chain purse swinging it on anyone even ten feet from her, despite the fact she was surround by other mothers instead of Death Eaters, and chose to stay in the room. In fact, to this very day, Lisa would always hate the Hufflepuff in her for not going back into the room immediately. Just as her room door was about to close a scream of pure agony rang throughout the halls. Straight from the Longbottom's room. Curse Gryffindor bravery, something she didn't even know she had, but before Lisa was even conscious of what her two legs were doing she had yanked the door open to reveal a gleaming woman her eyes as black as night, a hunger gleam in her eyes like moonlight. That was not good. The woman smiled and released the spell on Mrs. Longbottom, but by then it was already too late. Mrs. Longbottom had been driven to insanity. Twitching on the floor next to her dead baby boy on the other head looked perfectly terrified. Perfect but terrified. Terrifyingly perfect. Whatever you want to call it. "How nice," the woman purred breaking Lisa's train of thoughts. "Another subject to test one of my new curses on," The woman continued, showing off her gleaming teeth. Did everything about her gleam? Lisa thought silently to herself. At the face of death, you silently drive yourself insane with pointless remarks. How nice, Lisa thought, but obviously Lisa wasn't giving the gleaming dark woman enough attention. After all, you can't just stand there all intimidating and glorious, while the person you're intimidating is too busy thinking and spacing out. A quick and silent hex was sent Lisa's way in which she quickly dodged. She stared right at the still strangely silent baby before taking out her wand. Concluding that someone must have but a Silencio on the poor thing, Lisa quickly muttered a disillusion charm on the baby, deliberately looking like she was aiming for the dark woman and missed. The dark woman snarled and Lisa quickly lost her triumph look and ran out of the room followed closely by a fuming Bellatrix Lestrange. Hush little baby don't say a word You are everyone's only hope And if you don't save us soon The Dark Lord will kick us out to die Mrs. Longbottom sang joyfully while rocking and twitching next to her husband, but her eyes were set knowingly on a now visible Neville who still remained quiet. After all even while insane Alice Longbottom was smart, for a insane person that is. It wasn't common information, but when you cast a spell, it will feed on your magic to maintain that spell, and if the spell just failed completely then that meant there was no source for the magic to come from, unless of course said spells were wards, but that is different. And if Neville was visible again. Mrs. Longbottom bowed her head, she resang the song in a softer tune, saluting all who died, to see the light shine through again. Neville on the other hand had his eyes wide open, looking at the world through the wrong way. All he saw that day was darkness, darkness before light, darkness before a chance. That was all he saw and that was all he became willing to believe, there was always darkness, even in the brightest places. "Is this really necessary?" James questioned his wife softly as she brought her wand out to tickle their only son's nose. Said son only giggled softly as he went cross eyed trying to keep an eye on her wand. "My son will be protected at all cost against that mad man. Nothing you can or will do will stop me from doing this," snapped Lily, a cold look in her eyes. She picked up her son and proceeded to head up the stairs to Harry's room. "Look, Lily...Honey, I'm just worried. This is our only son, he is one and you're taking runes that are meant for protection, but have never before been put together on our son, and i'm just scared okay. What if they have a side effect on him or something?" James confessed, as he fell in step with his wife. Looking at her, he saw a determined look in her eyes. She gave him a reassuring smile though. Harry, on the other hand, was too busy playing with his mother's wand to note the conversation going on around him. Or so they thought. "Okay, honey, I need you to sit right here and look at Daddy while I work," Lily told her son softly as she set him down in his crib. The room they were currently in was emerald green curtsy to James and his love for the color. Painted on the walls were broom sticks, also James. The crib was in the middle of the room, with a closet to the right and the bathroom on the left. A Slytherin themed bed was sitting innocently in the corner. That was not part of James plan. Smiling softly, Harry half heartedly watched his dad make different impressions of different people. Laughing when he got to Snape. But soon it was clearly obvious he was more interested in the shapes his mother was drawing in the air. The way they glowed eerie green before fading into the air. Once she was done, Harry smiled and started hopping in his crib. "Broom! Broom!" he chanted happily as his parents laughed. "Happy Birthday sweetie," Lily murmured softly to Harry as she watched her husband enthusiastically run for the room, to get him a toy broom for his birthday. Lily smiled as Harry's emerald eyes shone bright with excitement. "Swoosh!" Harry exclaimed happily as he rode his favorite toy broom around the living room. James Potter just laughed as he looked at his son with pride. His wife on the other hand was currently busy making dinner. Those two had a mother and son kind of bond, though it may look like Harry liked his father more. "Boys! Dinner's almost ready. I honestly don't know about you, but if you don't come, you don't eat," Lily shouted at the two. "Aww, but you wouldn't starve