Disclaimer – All recognisable characters belong to their original owners. I do not make a profit from writing this; I simply do it for my own amusement. No copyright infringement intended. Chapter One It had been about three years since vampires came 'out of the coffin'. Since the development of synthetic blood, they had no need to hide anymore – humans were safe, they no longer needed to feed on us. Tru Blood they called it. How it tasted I don't know, and how much vampires like it I had no idea; but I did know this – I wanted to serve a bottle of it someone. A vampire to be specific. Some humans come in and order it, but it's not the same. They never finish the bottle. I don't think we have a vampire in Forks, or at least not a one who visits Black's Bar and Grill - that's the place I work in. Jacob was nice enough to give me the job when I turned eighteen, and for the past five years I've been working here. Sure, it's not a fancy job, but it pays the bills and allows me as much time with my Grandpa as possible – who is one of the most important people to me in the world. The other being my cousin… and my best friend, Rose. Rosalie Hale's her full name, and I love her to pieces. Grandpa raised us both after my parents were killed and Rose's abandoned her. They left her because, well to use Grandpa's term, because we're 'special'. He says we've been given a gift that we should cherish and use. Both of us can read minds. It's something that we both hate at times, because sometimes all you can hear is people's thoughts – and they aren't the nicest at the best of times. We've gotten better at shutting it out though. Rose is able to do it whenever, but I can only do it when I really concentrate. That's one of the reasons I like Forks – there aren't that many people, so I don't have to deal with all the noise in my head. It's better than the larger towns and cities that surround us. "Are you day dreaming again?" A loud voice interrupts my thoughts. I turn and see Jacob Black looking at me as he dries a glass before putting it under the bar. Jacob has been my best friend since we were five years old. He knows everything there is to know about me – including the mind reading. "Isn't that what she always does?" Rosalie says as she walks behind the bar and places the tray down that she had. She throws me a cheeky grin, and I smile at her. This was what we did – torment and tease each other. I shook my head at both of them before I stuck my tongue out. "Just because my thoughts are more interesting than you two, doesn't mean you should get jealous." They both laughed at me before the dinnertime rush began, and we became swamped with orders. "Bella baby, you want to get me another beer?" Mike asked as he came in with the construction crew he worked with. "No thanks," I replied, his thoughts flooding my head. I wish she would let me between her legs, I'd show her a good time. Teach her how to suck cock well. The details became more graphic so I took a deep breath, calmed my mind, and put my mental shield up. My own thoughts flooded back into my mind, and I smiled at the peacefulness I got. "Aw come on sweet cheeks. A cold beer for daddy?" He smiled at me, and I just smiled meekly back before going round the bar to get him his order. "And a couple more for my boys!" he shouted loudly, gesturing to the group of people who now stood around him. They all cheered at the prospect of free alcohol. "Why do you serve him?" Rosalie asked me as she came up behind me and began to serve the people now crowding round the bar. "Because he's a paying customer," Jacob said before I could respond. Rosalie rolled her eyes at him. They had always had a love/hate relationship. He was either defending her from drunk guys trying to get into her pants, or he was making dumb blonde jokes to her face. She often complained about how he smelt like a dog – a joke I never got – or they would be laughing and joking together. I gave Jacob 'the look' and he just gave me a cheeky grin, the whiteness of his teeth a stark contrast to the his skin. "I serve him because he gives great tips," I told them. "And because he's just joking around." I pulled the lids of the glass bottles and began to put them on a tray. "Bella, come on, you know as well as I do all the lewd things he wants to do to you," Rosalie said as she slid a glass across to a customer. "You can't deny that his thoughts are creepy and that if he didn't come in here, you wouldn't miss him." She shot me a pointed look and I knew this was an argument I had lost. Mike was harmless in the bigger scheme of things, and if he didn't walk back into this bar ever again, I know I wouldn't mind. His thoughts were rude and made me feel uncomfortable with the amount of detail he'd put into them. Don't get me wrong, I am by no means a virgin – that train left the station when I was seventeen years old to a boy I thought I was in love with. It was three minutes of awkwardness and made me realise just how unprepared I was for it. I, of course, have had sexual relationships since then, but none that have made me want to scream or have even been exciting or adventurous. After mulling over my sexual encounters with the various men through the years, I walk over to Mike's table and serve him and his 'crew' some beers before I walk back over the bar and fall into my day dream. This time it's finding out there are more people like me and Rose; that we're not alone and seen as 'freaks' or outcasts. My thoughts run wild, and I dream up a whole world where life is made easier and we fit in. This is my central thought as I go around the tables taking orders and trying to block out the noise from others people's heads. I'm drawn out of this though a few hours later by the chime above the door ringing, letting us know a new customer has entered. I turn to look to see who it is, expecting to see one of the regulars. Instead, I am met with a very pale man, with copper hair and green eyes looking around the bar. He sits down in a booth in the corner, and my eyes never leave him. I'm too intrigued. I don't like reading other's minds as it can be seen as an invasion of privacy, but for some reason I am drawn to his. I focus on his profile and try to link with him, try to create a bridge into which I can hear his every thought. I don't hear anything. I struggle and look around wondering what's happening, before he looks over at me, and I flush bright red at being caught staring. I fumble with my pen and paper and go to take his order. "Hello sir, what can I get for you?" I ask, willing the redness in my face to disappear. He smiles up at me and for the first time in my life, I find myself wanting to call him beautiful. His pale skin is so perfect, there is not one blemish and his eyes are as green as the rainforest. His lips look smooth and soft whilst his jaw looks definitive. I have an urge to kiss it and trace the outline. I bite my lip to try and stop my thoughts, but when he gaze darkens I know I'm done for. His face will be the one I see when I feel lonely and need something to relieve the tension. His hands will be the ones I feel when I daydream about being taken away to a remote island. His eyes will be the ones I see when I close mine. "Do you sell Tru Blood?" He asks nervously, and I look at him, shocked that this is actually happening. "Uh, yeah, yeah we do…" There was a pause where neither of us spoke "Can I have…" he began to ask just as I said, "Do you want…" We both laughed nervously, and I tried to calm my rapidly beating heart. "Ladies first," he tells me, gesturing towards my body with one hand as the other rubbed his jaw. "I was just going to ask what type you wanted," I told him as I nervously began to chew on the end of the pen. After a few seconds, I remembered what I was doing and stopped. It's not a very attractive feature to eat your pen when there's a handsome man sat watching you. "AB positive… Warmed up?" He asked me, phrasing it as a question. I nodded and turned round, trying my best not to trip over my own feet as I went to go and get it from the cooler. The cooler was round the back of the bar so I rounded the corner and saw Rosalie leant over and getting some bottles out of it. I ran over with a little squeal and gripped her sides hard. I was so excited it was hard to contain! "What's gotten into you?" she asked as she spun round, and I took hold of her hands, a large smile spreading over my face. "There's a vampire here!" I said to her in excitement. Giving a few jumps for good measure. "Seriously?" Rosalie asked as I nodded before she smiled back at me. "He asked for some Tru Blood?" I nodded, and she moved out of the way to allow me access to the cooler. "Which one is he?" She asked, moving towards the front of the bar. "Maybe I can read his mind?" "That's the thing," I began. "I tried to read his mind, and I couldn't hear anything." Rosalie looked at me. "Has that ever happened to you?" I asked her, curious to know if she had ever come across anything like this. "No, never. I mean even babies have thoughts… well… more like images or feelings. I always get something when I read a person's mind." I nodded. I was strange, but that doesn't mean it wasn't a welcome relief not to have to work to block someone out. I grabbed the bottle he requested and took the top off. I then brought it up to my nose to smell it – see if it smelt like real blood. It didn't. It didn't really have a smell. "Did you really just do that?" Rose asked me, a shocked look across her face. I nodded and blushed. She shook her head and laughed as she moved back to the main part of the bar to take people's orders. I placed the bottle on a tray and took it round to the front of the bar. I opened the microwave and placed it inside, setting the timer for two minutes… I didn't really know how long to warm it for, so two minutes seem the best bet. I spied him sitting by himself, and I felt myself involuntarily smiling. I studied him, tracing his facial features with my eyes. I probably would have stayed that way if the pinging from the microwave hadn't of drawn me out