Hello, guys! This is the first fic my sis and i have ever done together. We both write a little different, but we hope to get your interest in the first chapter so that you'll wana come back. Any comment you have to give us will be treated with respect. We hope you enjoy it. P.S. any questions you have, feel free to ask us. Of course we own nothing except for Saphin, Fox, etc. All lotr credit goes to tolkien. Thanks! Enjoy! This chapter is written by the both of us. Blood red Rose King Théoden sat up in his throne when a chestnut haired male servant entered his anteroom; Éowyn, Eomer, and Théodred stood beside him, along with Grima Wormtongue. Théoden knew that the servant bore some kind of news. He narrowed his eyes in anticipation and signaled for the man to speak. Before uttering a word, the servant bowed formally before his King and nervously gazed at his surroundings. Large pillars flanked the anteroom and reached upward to the high ceiling; various paintings of priceless value covered every wall. The servant swallowed before speaking. "My lord, a Ranger has come to see you on behalf of Lord Saphin—do you wish to see him?" A smile creased Théoden's face; Lord Saphin had a way of sending a messenger before he made his triumphant return to Edoras. Saphin had voluntarily set out with his Rangers and some of Rohan's own soldiers, to the Gap of Rohan to fight off a large number of orcs. He had been gone for about a month and Théoden's trust in Saphin's fighting abilities had weakened considerably. "Yes; I wish to see him. Send him in this very instant." Éowyn, who stood at her uncle's left hand side, was not so surprised. Lord Saphin had made it no secret that he was attracted to her, and so before he left he had sworn to her that he would return. Éowyn had never done anything to bait the man or lead him on, but every time his eyes bored into her, she felt as though he was looking right through her soul. When Saphin's Ranger was ushered in, the man bowed accordingly, yet he still drew a few scowls from those present—because he was a Haradrim. Saphin was not fully Rohirric; it just happened that his father was a Haradrim Count and Saphin never fully let go of his Haradric heritage. The Ranger—Xiomar had jet black hair that hung just past his shoulders, tanned skin, and large brown eyes; he paid no attention to the foul looks, instead he focused his gaze on the King. "What tidings do you bring ranger of the South?" Théoden asked, already expecting a certain answer. "I bring good tidings, my lord; Lord Saphin is on his way here as I speak; not a single orc was left standing!" "Ah, so he proves himself again!" Théoden chortled uncharacteristically; for it was not common for him to rejoice in such a manner in front of a lowly guest. Realizing his error, Théoden cleared his throat. "You may leave now," he said to the Ranger. Minas Tirith The gate guardian bowed low and unlocked the creaking iron door for the Captain. Faramir strode down the dark, narrow hall that echoed his footsteps five times over. It was early that morning; very early. It was before the crack of dawn and the gate guardian pondered to his self as he watched the tense Commander disappear around the corner bend. Captain Faramir never came to the Dungeon so early a time. The gate Guardian leaned back against the cold stone wall in a thoughtful manner. Faramir walked the long two miles of the hall. It seemed to be the longest walk of his life. He approached the last and farthest cell on his left and stopped. A skinny form was tightly secured in a rough dark green blanket. Bony, dirty feet peaked out from the cloth in a crossed manner. Long thin hands, which were shaking, were pale and keeping the blanket from loosening. The face was haggard; no one could tell that it had only lived twenty and two years. A pair of brown eyes opened; barely revealed by the matted mass of dark curls that were strewn in their way. A smile slowly crept along the narrow face. "I thought that I had seen the last of you five days ago," the hoarse voice remarked coolly. "So you have come to bid me farewell, I suppose?" Faramir recalled the rather repugnant incident five days ago. He cleared his throat and folded his arms. A pang of pity, the same pang that had drawn him to this young man from the moment they had met, struck him there at that moment. "I can still save you," Faramir said, "But you must help me. Why will you not tell me anything about you? Why do you keep your name a secret from me? I would think that I had gained your trust by now. This is not the time to be tenacious. In a few hours your life will be…." Faramir looked away. A chuckle escaped the prisoner's lips. "I told you that you can address me by Fox. Besides, Faramir, why do you care about me so much? You've heard the charges against me! You have seen and heard the evidence. I have admitted to being the one who set the fire rope in motion. I was going to destroy your army camp. How can you think…?" "I know you did not act alone! Your fellows abandoned you when they saw my brother's men coming and they left you in the lurch! Give me their names, Fox, and I'll get them! Why are you doing this! They have left you to die and yet you still defend them!" Faramir had clenched his fists and his voice had risen. He cleared his throat and ran a hand through his hair. Fox, although he did not express it, felt a sense of gratitude that this gondorian was so concerned about his upcoming fate! And, he was a haradrim. "Captain, you think you've got it all right, but you haven't…" "Then tell me what happened." "I think I shall sleep for the last three hours of my life. I'd rather not waste them by…" "This is why I stormed out on you five days ago. You frustrated me then and you frustrate me now. I am telling you that I can save your life if you give me something; anything!" "You may not understand this, Faramir, but in Harad, we hold a great bond of loyalty for one another. I am a villain to Gondor, yes. You should have a clear conscience when my time is up this morning. Just because I got caught does mean I should drag my fellows down with me. To set me free, you do not know that I wouldn't try it again someday." Faramir shook his head, confused and angry. "I tried to give you life, Fox, but you have thrown it away. Maybe you do deserve the rope around your neck after all." Faramir turned on his heel and stormed out of the dungeon in a hurry and distraught. It was chilly that morning, but the sun was out despite it all. Boromir and Faramir stood poised as the gates were opened and the prisoner was lead out in a rough manner by two masculine guards. The prisoner was chained at the ankles and his arms were clasped by the two soldiers. The prisoner was bare footed and the marks of faded red blisters were obvious on his feet from when he was tortured for information. Nevertheless, Fox wore a smile as though he was being freed. He kept his head high and held a haunting gaze with Faramir that rattled the Captain's bones. Prisoner's deaths in Gondor were done in a secluded area outside the dungeon with no audience except for a few soldiers and the Captains. Boromir narrowed his eyes. He abhorred this tenacious prisoner who had refused despite numerous tortures, to reveal his accomplices. Boromir was relieved to have this stressful ordeal over, yet, it unnerved him that Fox showed no sign of weakness or fear. Boromir was pale and nervous, yet he didn't know why. He stole a glance at his brother, who was as rigid as a pole and motionless. Boromir knew how Faramir had felt about this man, yet, he had opposed him and had the authority because he was the head captain. He had told Faramir on numerous occasions that whatever he had thought, Fox was a criminal, abandoned or not, and he would face Gondorian justice. Fox was led up the platform slowly. He dismissed the opportunity to speak freely and with a last smile, embraced death with no struggle. Edoras The rider rode swiftly across the plains of Edoras—he had chosen to ride this way alone. He knew that King Théoden was anticipating his return, he had also sworn to a certain Lady the he would return in one piece, it was not like him to be so tardy on a mission like this, but the blame went to the Rohirrim spies who had poorly counted the orcs numbers, they had to kill double the number of orcs reported! Saphin had ridden his horse at a hard gallop for so many miles that it began to froth at the mouth, but when they finally were within trotting distance of the Golden Hall; he slowed the horse to a canter. In a few moments a guard approached him and took the horse, Denrolth, to stables. As Saphin approached Meduseld, he removed his helmet, revealing his dark brown hair. It was kept in a clasp fit only for one of high ranking, and his keen brown eyes were set on the Golden Hall, which were only a few feet away from him. As he neared it, a smile of sincere pride crossed his chiseled face; and being out in the wild had caused him to grow a light beard which suited him perfectly. As he approached the double doors a guard opened them for him. "The King has been expecting you, my lord," the guard said. "You may go to him." Saphin walked boldly through the large, richly decorated doors and stood before the King and bowed fully. His eyes quickly scanned the faces of Eomer, Théodred, Grima, who was hovering over the king, and Éowyn, whose pale blue eyes had been fixated on him the moment he had graced them with his presence. Théoden smiled warmly and motioned for Éowyn to come to his ear. Saphin watched as her face overcame with great disappointment, and with a mere murmur to Saphin, he hurried past him faster then the wind. Saphin watched her leave and turned his attention back to the King and the skeptical expressions of his company. "Greetings, My Lord,' he said calmly, "a thousand apologies for my very long absence, but I must say in my defense that the number of orcs greatly exceeded my anticipation. However, I am proud to bring you good news: only one Orc was left on his two legs. I can assure you. I took with me a hundred men and I only lost seven, although, of course, any casualty is a great one. We have kept them far from bay for a while I suppose. Their slaughter was such a great one; I don't believe we shall see the likes of them for a good while." Théoden was too pleased to utter a word. Théodred eyed the confident Captain carefully. It was hard to pick a fault with the brilliance of Saphin, but he was half Haradric and Théodred was always fully on guard with him. "What is the purpose of leaving one Orc?" he challenged, cupping his fist under his chin. "I do not see the humor in that." Théoden chuckled. Saphin,