Aquila Black: Year One, By Lara Vann Aquila Loved living in Ireland. She loved living on her Grandparents farm. Her Grandpa and Grandma Mc. Gregory owned 40 acres of land. Aquila's mother Katy Mc. Gregory, her brother Leo and herself have lived here since Aquila was three years old, (Leo was born there) before that they lived in Landon. Aquila though only remembers life on the farm. "Aquila" Called Katy "Post is here. There is an owl for you" Aquila came running down the stairs into the kitchen where their where two owls sitting on the owl post. "Can you get the Daily Prophet for me, I see you changed your hair color again?" said Katy as she made breakfast. Aquila untied the prophet from the brown barn owls leg " You know I can't control it mum" . She Payed the owl and it flew off out of the open kitchen window. Next Aquila took the letter from the grey owl. " Thank you" Aquila looked at the letter. It was addressed to her. Aquila C. Mc. Gregory Mc. Gregory Farm County Cork Ireland She opened the letter. "It's my acceptance letter from Hogwarts!" she called out in excitement. "Oh good. It's about time that came." Said Katy with a wave of her wand the table was set and food was all set out ready to serve up. "We shale celebrate tonight Leo came down the stairs "Oh good I'm starved" he said as he jumped into a seat and started dishing up a plate. "Leo, your sister got her acceptance letter. "Katy said. "oh goodie. Does that mean we are going to Diagonally?" he asked between mouthfuls. Katy laughed. "Yes, I believe so. "she replied with a smile. Aquila spent her days helping her grandparents on the farm or studying. Katy taught her children Muggle things like math, history, reading and writing. As well as Potions and spells. They were not allowed to do magic until they were of age so Aquila and Leo used sticks instead of wands and just practice the Wand waving and incitation's. "I bet I will be ahead of everyone in my year at Hogwarts by the time I get to go." Said Leo as they made a calming draught. After Leo and Aquila both go to bed, Katy would go up to the attic. She opens up a chest full of old photographs and letters. She would look through the pictures and shed one tear, always just one tear. She took out some parchment, quill and ink. Wrote a letter and threw it in the chest locked it up and left. Locking up the attic door and going off to bed herself. Aquila would often catch her mother either going up to the Attic or coming out of it. It was off limits for the children only Katy was allowed in there. That never did stop her from wondering what was up there, what was her mother doing up there? Aquila has asked many times, but Katy always answers "One day I will tell you, but not today." As the Summer Katy had made arrangements to go to Landon. They would stay the night at the Leaky Cauldron, Visit Diagonally while there, then take Aquila to Kings cross for the train to Hogwarts. On the last evening home they had a family dinner. Grandma and Katy cooked up a shepherd's pie. They ate it outside under the marvelous August sunset. " One more thing Aquila, Darling before you go." Said Grandpa. "Go into the barn there…" He said pointing to an old barn. Aquila and Leo walked into the barn and looked around. " Look" Shouted Leo. Pointing towards a litter of kittens. " You may pick one out" said Grandpa from behind them. " Oh Grandpa! Thank you." Aquila gave him a big hug then ran over to where the kittens where playing. Aquila watched the kittens for a while. She saw a grey one with stipes. A orange one , a Calico and white kitten that looked like its mother. The littlest one was all black. " This one" said Aquila picking up the black one. Her hair turning Bubble gum Pink from the excitement. " Hand it here" said grandpa, taking the kitten. He looked under it. " It's a Girl cat." He said as he handed the cat back over. " Your mum got a cat when she went to school. Miss. May here." He patted the mother cat. " now you get yours Remember now she is you're responsibility. You feed her and Clean up after her. IF she dies you bury her. Understand." George looked down at his granddaughter. " Yes Grandpa I promise I will take care of her." Replied Aquila with a smile. Grandpa George was a Medium height, bolding man. with a bit of a belly. His blue eyes shining behind his spectacles. Aquila has always loved and helped take care of the many cats that where on the MC. Gregory farm. There where at least a dozen cats here and a dozen dogs. They had about 7 horses and 20 sheep. Grandpa Mc. Greogory was a well of man and well respectable in the area. George and Mary where both Muggles, so Where their first three children but Katy their youngest was born a witch. Muggle born as they called her in the Magical world. Aquila's father she has no memories of, but according to her mother he was a muggle but he had died in a car accident. Katy didn't know until a few days later that she was excepting Leo. " What are you going to call her?" Leo asked. " Now you know lad," Said grandpa. " that you can't give a name to an animal without getting to know e'm first." Aquila taught for a moment. " I will write to you as soon as I know her name." Leo looked at the cat for a little while. " I don't want a cat when Its my turn. I want an Owl." He said. Grandpa George looked at him and walked away. " That was rude Leo, Grandpa is nice to give us a cat. When he could sell them instead. You know how popular Mc. Gregory Manx cats are." She said. "yes, Yes, but still how cool would it be to have an owl." Leo replied. "Well you still have two more years anyways." Said Aquila. The next day Aquila was all packed up. The kitty was in her basket, With the curtains closed so she could sleep in peace. Her hair bright pink once more " All ready?" asked Katy after breakfast. They where gathered around the fireplace. Aquila said goodbye to her grandparents last night after dinner. Katy got out a small box, Aquila took a pinch of the powder and stepped into the fireplace. " Diagon Ally" she said clearly. There was a flash of green fire and Aqilla was gone. She steped out of the fireplace of the Leaky Cauldron. A few moments Leo stepped out and the Katy. " you both ok?" she asked. " Yes mum all is good." They replied. Katy talked to Tom the owner of the Leaky cauldron. He showed them to there room. After they got settled in they had lunch down stairs. " Are you ready to do some shopping?" Katy asked them. " Yes." They replied in excitement. Katy led them to the back alleyway. She taped her wand on the brick wall. IT opened up into an arch that led to Diaggon Ally. " Finally." Said Leo. Aquila remembered the story's that Katy told them about Diagon Ally. Ever since she was Three years old. She has wanted to go there. Aquila couldn't wait to visit Gringotts Bank and see the goblins. Or to visit the Joke shop. " First we will visit Gringotts. " Said Katy " now when we go in there. It is best not to ask any questions. Stay close to me. " " yes mam" replied Aquilla and Leo. Wen they entered the bank they saw the goblins hurrying around at there work. Katy approached one of them at a desk at the far end of the big hall. " I would like to make a withdraw please," Katy handed over a small key. " from this Vault. She handed a small bit of parchment over to the goblin. He read it, " Very well then" he said " Griphook will take you to your vault. " Fallow me please," said a second goblin as he approached them. They fallowed him to some double doors down the hall a little ways. The goblin named Griphook whistled and a cart rolled up to them. " Children in back please." He said. Aquilla and Leo got into the back and Katy front with the Goblin. " keep inside the cart at all times please." Said the goblin and they started off. Deeper down they went until the cart came to a stop. " Vault nine hundred and ten." Announced Griphook. " Stay here." Katy told Aquilla and Leo. The goblin unlocked the vault with the little key. Katy filled a purse full of coins. They rode the cart back up to the double doors and left the bank. " Well, I think Madam Malkin's Robe shop is the first place to go" So they headed that way. A plump with came out " Good morning." Said the witch. " Hogwarts?" " Yes." Replied Katy. " up here dear" Said Madam Malkin pointing to a stool. Aquilla jumped up and Madam Malkin began measuring her. Ten minutes later they left the robe shop. How about an Ice cream at Florean Fortescue's Ice cream Parlor?" Aske Katy as they walked by there. Inside there where many different flavor ice-cream's. There where chocolate, Vanilla, Strawberry… But also some that Aquilla never heard of. Blood, Raw meat, Firewisky, Butter bear, Pumpkin juice… Aquilla stuck with her favorent Butter Peacon, Leo chocolate chip mint, Katy Firewisky. After they finished there ice creams they headed over to florish and blots to get Aquillas books. They finished up the rest of the shopping and went to lunch at the leaky cauldron. " Where would you like to go next Leo." Katy asked. " The quiditch shop." He replied. So they headed to Quality quidditch. Where Katy bought Leo a golden snitch. They walked out of the store with Leo letting the Snitch go and catching it right away out of the air. " you are quite good at that." Said Katy They went to the joke shop next where Aquilla got a bag of jokes. They spent the rest of the day exploring Diagon Ally. Had dinner and went to sleep. The next morning after Breakfast Katy had ordered a cab to take them to kings Cross. Once they got there Aquila and Leo leaned against the barrier between plat form nine and ten. Katy stood in front of them so they would not be seen by the Muggles as they disappeared. Moments later Katy appeared threw with the trolley. " remember to write once a week. Said Katy as she hugged and kissed Aquila. " I will mother I promise." Replied Aquila. She gave Leo and hug good bye and jumped on the Hogwarts express. She walked along the corridor untile she found a compartment. There was an older girl who also had pink hair sitting in there. " Mind if I join you?" asked Aquila " Of curse." Replied the girl. " Im Tonks." " Aquila Mc. Gregory." As the train started to pull out of the station a boy with dark hair asked to join them, who's named turned out to be Cedric Diggory. " If I knew you where suppose to have pink hair when you came to Hogwarts. I would of colored mine as well." Said cedric. Aquila and Tonks looked at each