Title: Heal My Wounds Written by: Half Okami Half Kitsune Summary: As a child, when Pippin would fall: Merry would be there to dry his tears and bandage his wounds. But when Pippin discovers a horrible secret about Merry that threatens Merry's life, can he help his friend through? Genre: Angst, Romance, Rated: R Warnings: Violence, slash, language, and sadness Spoilers: none Pairings: Merry And Pippin (IF YOU DON'T LIKE DON'T READ!!!) Disclaimer: I do not own LOTR Dedicated to: Chapter: 1. Fall, and I will help you. Notes: I know nothing about Merry's father in the book or anywhere, and if anyone knows about his personality or whatever…I'm sorry he so OOC…(I guess) A fourteen-year-old Pippin skipped down the hill home from his cousin Frodo's house, still as hyper as when he showed up. Twenty-two-year-old Merry was still talking to his cousin Frodo as they walked out behind the exited Hobbit, whom was now jumping up and down with excitement. "I gotta get home Merry, mom don't know that I went to Mr. Frodo's house." "Pip, the correct title is 'Uncle Bilbo's house'" Merry laughed, but said this only in front of Frodo because he knew that his laid-back cousin didn't mind any, and wasn't offended in any way. Merry heard Pip begin to protest, but Merry just rolled his eyes at Frodo, this always happened with this argument. Merry said that the land was rightfully owned by Mr. Bilbo, so it was technically 'Uncle Bilbo's house'; Pippin always disagreed on the issue, that it was 'Frodo's House', though he didn't have a logical argument to back it up. Merry always let Pip win, just so he could watch Pippin's show-off victory dance; it was so cute. Pippin would smile so big that Merry suspected that he would break his jaw. "Alright, alright Pip. Calm down, that's enough, you win." Merry smiled, as he picked a xanthic colored flower and sniffed it gently. "I'd watch picking the flowers in uncle Bilbo's garden if I were you…Sam might come and smack your hands." Frodo smiled, "speaking of which, help me get my bags, will you? I'm staying at Sam's tonight while Uncle Bilbo is busy writing his book. He needs tranquility." Merry and Pippin each picked up a bag, "How hard could it possibly be to write a book?" Pippin laughed, "hey Merry, I'll race you down the hill!!" "Nah…let's just help Frodo get his bags…" "Aw, come on!! Quit being scared Merry!!" Pippin smiled as he tugged on Merry's tunic, when Merry didn't respond, Pippin began to run down the hill, beginning with a bounce in his heels. "I'll meet you at Sam's place, slowpokes!!" Merry just shrugged and began down the hill slowly, Frodo following behind. Pippin's laugh echoed through Bag Shot row, as he shot ahead of everyone else. Suddenly, he tripped over a rusty pipe sticking out of the ground, he slit his kneecaps and busted his left knee on it violently as a giant cracking noise rang out. He let out a scream as he hit the ground and slid down the hill, cutting his legs on scattered and broken glass. His screams died as he looked down at his legs, his face turned pale and he passed out, falling to the ground and causing dust to rise. Merry looked away from chatting with Frodo vividly as he seen Pippin lying on the ground. He let out a yell and ran as fast as his feet could carry him down the hill, to Pippin's side. "Pippin! Oh my god!! Pippin!!" he fell to his knees by Pippin's side and lifted Pippin's head from the ground. "Come on Pip…please open your eyes-get up-say something!!" He looked back at Frodo desperately and looked back down at Pippin. "I gotcha Pip." He mumbled as he lifted the hobbit from the ground, putting his hand gently on the back of his head and making sure his head didn't fall, he began to make his way towards the nearest river that ran through Hobbiton. Frodo trotted cautiously behind Merry, "What can I do to help?" Merry stopped, his eyes scanning his thoughts. "Do you have any hot water?" Frodo nervously looked at Pippin's wounds, he was a bit squeamish, and he had to force himself to snap out of his trance. "Uh…not right away I'm afraid-" Merry cursed under his breath, and then looked down to Pippin once more. "Go get some." He growled under his breath at Frodo, absent-mindedly brushing a strand of curl from Pippin's sweat caked face. "Almost to a boil…" Frodo nodded almost in a solider type manner as he turned without looking back to the house, obviously bent on getting the water as fast as possible. Merry instantly turned his attention to the river. Stopping at the river's edge, Merry fell to his knees, and lying Pippin down on the edge, he used his hands to cup water out of the river. He let the cool water run out of his fingers slowly and onto Pippin's face, trying to hold back his already suppressed tears. Pippin stirred and opened his eyes after a prolonged moment, much to Merry's relief. Pippin instantly began to feel the pain just as Merry was about to sigh. Pippin sat up, and winced as he reached for his own legs on instinctive motion to stop the pain; Merry grabbed his hands gently but sternly and put them back at Pippin's side again. "It hurts so much-" Pippin began to cry as Merry began to very consciously pull the glass from his knees. "I know, I know…" Merry shoved away the thought of Pippin's pain and went back to pulling the glass out. He stopped as his face turned white, "Pip, it may be infected, we may have to get Bilbo or the Gaffer to help us this time…" "No Merry, don't do that-" Pippin said through prolonged breathes, "mom don't know I'm here…she'll find out about…us, Merry…" he grimaced as he tried to move his legs. "I don't want that Merry…god she'd-" "Settle down Pip…" Merry put his hands on Pippin's chest and pushed him back enough that he didn't try to move his legs. He began to use water from the river to clean the blood and get an idea of the severity of the wounds. "Besides, your mom's not too unreasonable…she'd except you after about a fortnight. It'd take no longer than that for a sweet lady like aunty Eglantine to become accustomed to the idea." "I suppose you're right…" At that, he tried to clam down, exhaling deeply and staring at the sky, biting his lower lip and closing his eyes tightly, trying not to cry. Frodo returned with the water, almost dropping both buckets of steaming water, he set them down beside Merry. After catching his breath, he looked back down at Merry. "What's that for anyway? What good's it going to do?" Merry didn't answer, he stared at his reflection with hesitation in his eyes, and he bit his bottom lip in nervousness. He rested his fingers on the side of the bucket as he closed his eyes lightly, "I thought it may come to this if you didn't want to get Bilbo…" Merry mumbled to himself as he looked down at Pippin. He gripped the side of the bucket more tightly, as he shut his eyes tightly, "for you Pip…" he whispered hoarsely as he shot both his hands into the nearly boiled water; letting out a mournful cry all in one motion. Frodo winced in sympathy for Merry, as he himself knew how hot the water was, and now realizing what it was for, he began to envy Pippin and Merry's friendship. Merry removed his red hands from the bucket, opening his eyes and using the sleeves of his shirt to wipe the tears from his eyes. His hands had been shaking from the pain as he breathed heavily; he looked down at Pippin in love as he saw the emerald-eyed boy stare back at him in worry. Merry smiled a pained smile at Pippin, "At least you won't get an infection…" he said as if trying to justify his pain in the eyes of someone who cared for him more than he valued his own life. "You shouldn't have done that…" Pippin beamed sternly, though he was in no position to act like Merry should fear his consequence if he were to disobey. Though, in retrospect, the only punishment that Pippin could serve on Merry was to tell him was 'I'm not going to kiss you ever again' but, before one day could pass without lip-lock, Merry apologized and no body had any regrets. Frodo just looked on as if he were seeing a play, admiring the hero, and feeling sympathy for the victim. He snapped out of his trance when Merry looked up to him, "You may go to Sam's now, cousin Frodo." "But Meriadoc…" Frodo looked back and fourth from Sam's house, then down to Pippin. "What about you and-" "Me and Pip will be just fine. Now, the sun is setting and poor Sam's still a waiting for you to come running up that hill." Frodo began to protest against this, but then realized he had nothing. "Me and Pippin shall be just fine." "But how will you two precede on home?" Merry shook his head solemnly, and after much hesitation, he looked down at Pippin. "We probably won't be making it home…" and like the single beat of a large drum in Merry's ears, reality hit him like a hurricane. What if- his father, his mother, -oh, no, - Pippin's father, and Pippin's mother-what if they found out?! If Merry and Pippin didn't come home, they would surely know that they had left Brandy hall. And there had been rumors before. But this, this, would be clarifying their suspicions. With a smitten purpose, Merry had come to get Pippin today to take him to Brandy Hall, aunty Eglantine had already been hesitant, but now, now, she would be tearing her hair out. And Merry's father…god, he had threatened Merry many times over that if those goddamn rumors were true-…he never finished. He would never finish the threat; but Merry didn't doubt it even in the slightest. He had no problem believing that Saradoc would carry out a punishment that is of such anguish that it is at a lack of words in itself. No, Merry was neither blind nor ignorant; Merry knew his father well. But a small hope dwindled in Pippin's eyes, making Merry feel better instantly. But not too much where it was to the point of ignorant bliss-just a calming effect. Merry still felt the knot well up inside his stomach when he thought of returning home the next morning. Him returning Pippin to the thain's home, and uncle Paladin knowing of their late night absence, then seeing the wounds on Pippin-god… Why would he rape Pippin?! I mean…even if they did do something major-which of course they didn't…why the hell would he rape his boy?! He didn't need to rape Pippin anyway. If they both really wanted to-then Pippin would be willing. And of course, Merry would be a courteous lover. He always was. Even when he used to bed the girls of Buckland to please his father and mother. And of course, those relationships didn't matter a bit to him. They were over before they even began. Frodo was now completely turned the other way, looking towards Sam's house. He looked back at him and Pippin in reluctance, and then slowly began to trot his way up the hill. He looked back, looking desperate. "Take care of Pippin. Ere I have to tell Sam that he can wait all night…" "I will…don't worry about that." Merry sighed, and smiled down at Pippin as they both watched Frodo hike his way to Sam's smiling face in the distance. Merry sighed, his heartbeat slowly returning