Hello everyone! This is my first time writing a Harry Potter fan fiction. I would like to thank my beta reader, Teenage Mouse, for really pushing me to just come out from behind my lurking corner and write this bad boy. I based this fic off of a story from another fandom I really enjoy. I will let you read and see if you can figure out what that other fandom is. Also this fic contains Scorbus so if you're into that, like I obviously am, I hope you enjoy the story. With that said, please enjoy. … Chapter 1 Lily Potter sat alone in a compartment on the Hogwarts Express. She watched the scenery dash by with a half-dazed gaze through a partially fogged window. It looked very cold outside, despite being warm in her compartment. At the moment the sun was barely peeking through the dark gray clouds as they gathered in the sky. She knew a storm was on it's way and would probably beat her to Hogwarts. For the first time ever, she was the only passenger on the old train. The Trolly Witch only came by once offering her a pumpkin pasty, which she declined. Her older brother and his best friend had alerted her to what the Trolly Witch's pumpkin pasties really were, and despite her intrigue she decided she didn't want to find out if her brother had been telling the truth. It was the last week of October now. Normally, students would head to Hogwarts at the beginning of September, but Lily had spent half her summer vacation and the first few weeks of term studying abroad in Africa at their most prestigious wizarding school, Uagadou. Lily had discovered she had a talent for spell casting and transfiguration, so Professor McGonagall recommended she spend some time at Uagadou to try her hand at wandless magic. Though her mother and father had been reluctant at first, she had worked her only daughter/youngest child magic on Daddy and next thing she knew she was on her way to Africa. She had been surprised to find that wandless magic came easily to her. At first it had been odd to cast spells without a wand but it felt almost natural now. It had been very difficult for her to leave Uagadou. She had just begun to make friends and found great joy in learning about other cultures. She had even considered staying at Uagadou for the rest of the year, but Lily also could not shake Hogwarts from her mind. It was her true home after all, and She had a close-kit group of friends waiting for her. She could travel to Africa again someday but she only had a few more years left at Hogwarts and then she would have to leave it. Lily let loose a calm sigh as her mind went from Uagadou to Hogwarts. She wondered how her friends were doing. Were they as excited to see her as she was to see them? She then thought of her brother, Albus, and his best friend, Scorpius, who were now in the 6th year. She was very excited to see them. Over the past year and a half,she had become close to both of them. Due to a series of crazy events, she had almost lost her brother in her 2nd year. It had really opened her eyes to the value of her family and she had made it a point to spend more time with her aloof older brother. At the time, she was unsure about the younger Malfoy, who was, and probably still is, attached to Albus at the hip. She had come to find that Scorpius was a little strange, but very funny and easier to get along with than Albus. Scorpius had saved her several times from failing multiple exams, and he always had a funny pun up his sleeve, ready at any moment to use them. He and Lily had even started to keep a small notebook of their favorite puns. At the beginning of her 3rd year, she and Scorpius had even come up with a silly handshake. They always greeted each other with the handshake, mostly to get a reaction out of Albus, who pretended to not like it. Albus, on the other hand, had been reluctant to indulge her neediness at first, but never really pushed Lily away. She knew Albus had his own issues with Dad and James, but he never really had much of a problem with her. As kids they generally got along, and so connecting again with her middle brother had not been too hard. Albus was always more patient with her than James had been, and always made her feel welcome to hang around, even if she and Scorpius made bad puns. Any time she had a falling out with a friend or issue in school, she knew she could always rely on Albus to be there for her. He was very protective and caring, even if he tried with every last fiber of his being to hide it. Lily's eyelids became heavy as she daydreamed about seeing her friends and brother once more. As the cozy compartment rattled back and forth, Lily drifted off to a sweet, peaceful sleep. ….. Lily was unsure how much time had passed when the train arrived at its destination. Hagrid had been the one sent to pick her up and escort her the rest of the way to Hogwarts. He had found her asleep in the compartment and it took several tries to wake her up. Now she sat across from Hagrid in the thestral-drawn carriage. The old family friend talked on and on about his latest magical pet. The man barely fit in the carriage, and whenever they hit a bump his head made contact with the ceiling. Despite the heavy rain and crisp breeze, the carriage was toasty and comfortable inside. With the sound of Hagrid's gruff, comforting voice and the rocking back and forth of the carriage, it took everything in Lily not to doze off yet again. Before she knew it, the two had arrived at school. To her delight, her three closest friends were waiting and ready to greet her at the school's entrance. "Lily!" cheered her Hufflepuff friend, Norma. The bubbly girl charged Lily and tackled her with a large hug. "It's so good to see you again," added Sandra, a tall, dark-haired Ravenclaw. She strode over with less enthusiasm, but still happy to see Lily. "I hope this rain wasn't too much of a problem," came the soft shy voice of Lily's third and shortest friend, Mary. Mary was dressed in green Slytherin robes. The group had all become close in their 2nd year and had decided to be the spokes-girls for house unity, showing that all four houses could get along. "Girls!" Lily cheered. The group of four shared a warm hug. Seeing her three friends confirmed to Lily that coming back to Hogwarts was the right choice in the end. "The storm was no trouble at all," she added. She looked around to find that her brother was nowhere to be seen. Her smile fell slightly. "Is something wrong, Lily?" Norma asked. "Where's my brother. Dad said he would be here to greet me," Lily mumbled in reply. Her four friends exchanged looks of confusion. "I saw him this morning in the Slytherin common room with Scorpius. They seemed busy," Mary said in a soft voice. "Yeah, now that I think about it I haven't really seen them around during free hours," Sandra added. "N-Not that I am looking around for your brother or anything," she said, as a light pink blush graced her cheeks. "Well, they are probably just busy with preparations for the big celebration at the end of the month. I heard they had agreed to help prepare the event," Norma chimed in. "Oh right, my dad told me about that," Lily said. "There is some sort of ball thing at the end of the month or something, right? Strangely enough, my Dad said I should talk with Albus of all people if I wanted to help out." "Yeah, it's to celebrate Harry Potter Day. The day your father first stopped Lord Voldemort as a baby," Norma said dramatically. "And you're telling me that Albus is helping out with this?" Lily said disbelievingly. Helping out with a school event was not Albus. "I guess I will ask him more about it later… Once I find him, that is," Lily shrugged. The four friends marched off towards the Great Hall. Lily temporarily wiped her brother from her mind and focused fully on telling her friends all the great things she did and saw in Africa. Lily went to bed that day without seeing Albus or Scorpius even once. ….. Lily woke the next morning with a mission to find her brother. As she got ready, she looked out the window to find that the rain had stopped over night and the sun was trying its best to break apart the clouds. She ran down to the Great Hall and joined her three friends at the Ravenclaw table. The four talked about their plans for the day. They had all agreed to help Lily seek out Albus. After breakfast, Lily and Norma scouted around the grounds in hopes to find Scorpius and Albus lounging around the lake. They had come up empty handed. Next, Lily checked the classrooms with Sandra to see if maybe they were catching up on work, but they were nowhere to be seen. After checking every last classroom, Lily waited outside the Slytherin common room as Mary looked around for them. "It seems they haven't been back since this morning," Mary said with an apologetic shrug. Lily had finally decided to camp out for her brother in the library. She knew Scorpius would eventually drag Albus this way. Lily could not help but feel a little upset that her brother would not come and see her after she had been gone for so long. She had been certain that Albus enjoyed her company. Perhaps she was wrong. Lily sat in the library for what felt like decades before giving up. Her friends had come by a few times, telling her they had not seen her brother or Scorpius anywhere besides the Slytherin common room in the morning. It was now almost sunset. She had wasted her whole Sunday for nothing. It astounded her that they had not shown up. Scorpius went to the library at least twice a day. Where could they possibly be? In an annoyed huff, Lily marched out of the the library. Blinded by frustration, she was caught off guard as she rounded the corner and ran head first into someone. Lily stepped back as she ricocheted off of the other person. "Sorry," Lily mumbled. "Watch where you're going!" snapped a familiar voice. Lily looked up at the individual to find none other than Scorpius glaring right at her. Behind him was Albus, looking a bit spaced out. "Scorpius?" Lily questioned in disbelief. She had never seen such a snobby, angry expression on the boy's face. She imagined this was what Scorpius's father must have looked like as a child Scorpius glared at her for a moment before seeming to catch himself. He looked away, almost flustered, and when he looked back at Lily his expression was much softer. Perhaps Lily was just seeing things. "Oh… Um… Sorry," Scorpius said apologetically. He was now looking a little too submissive. Lily brushed off the odd feeling and turned her attention to her brother. "Albus Severus Potter! I have been looking for you all day long!" Lily snapped with a fire similar to her grandmother's. Albus looked utterly surprised by this. Like he had not expected Lily to address him at all. All that came out of his mouth was a lame 'Ummmm'. Lily watched in utter