Disclaimer: I do not own the twilight Saga or any of its other royalties. They belong to Stephanie Meyer, that why she's rich and I have too many college loans. ;] Summary: I know I have been gone a while but I'm back with something new and fresh. Now I have heard many Bella's a vampire stories most of which included her dating one of the other Cullen's either as their mate or their long lost daughter or sister which I thought while an interesting concept they just seemed like they would be really awkward and uncomfortable. Something that just kept nagging at me was the idea that Bella is already a vampire but hasn't met the Cullen's yet. She is however good friends with the Denali family and while the Cullen's are visiting them they all cross paths with each other. And shenanigans ensue with lots of misunderstandings. Switches POV's. Enjoy! P.S. I know that they're some serious Jacob fans out there, if you are, I am warning you now so you won't be disappointed. I will mention some of the wolf pack, and they may or may not have a run in with them in the story, but there won't be any major Bella/Jacob scenes in here I am sorry. When the story came to me it just didn't include them, I admit I'm biased toward Edward. I haven't decided if I will find a way to include Renesmee, I'll figure that as I go but due to the nature of the story I'm not sure if I will be able to, without it being weird. I might just mention Jacob being the new pack leader with a wolf mate named Renesmee. Don't know yet, we shall see. Twilight- Lost in translation Chapter 1: Surprises! Edwards POV: We finally decided that we would visit the Denali's for Christmas, our extended vampire family. Yes, vampire, my family and I are vampires. Not in the traditional sense of the word (meaning stakes, sleeping in coffins, and burning in the sunlight). We sparkle in the sunlight (no pun intended, It wasn't our choice), we can't sleep at all, and we don't have fangs (they are ridiculous). We are faster than a speeding car, stronger than a bulldozer, and our eyes change color. If you drink human blood, your eyes are red and when you get hungry they turn black. If you are like our family (there aren't very many) and are vegetarian ( meaning we don't drink from humans) then a year after your change your eyes turn from red to gold; though our eyes still fade to black as we grow more hungry. We can go weeks after hunting without blood. Some members of my family and other vampires as well also have special gifts. My sister Alice can see the future according to your decisions, as you change your mind so do her visions, and my brother Jasper can feel and manipulate moods; he can make you feel angry, happy, sad, mad, you get the point. My "father" for all intents and purposes, Carlisle, believes that we brought these things over from our human lives. I can read minds, he believes I must have been very perceptive to people thoughts when I was human and it was intensified when I changed into a vampire. Carlisle changed most of us, there are seven in our "family" (we prefer family over coven), he changed his wife Esme, she was dying after she tried to jump off of a cliff, she had just lost a child (all she's ever wanted was children, as a vampire we can't have them we are frozen the way we are, we do our best to be her surrogate children), she went on to become his mate. He saved me first however, I was dying of the Spanish influenza, and my mother, he figured, must have known what he was for she begged him to do all "He" could do to save my life. He changed me in 1901 in Chicago, IL ( that might have been when he was born, again, I apologize if I got this detail wrong ) when I was only seventeen. Next was Esme, then Rosalie, Rosalie was raped by her drunk fiancé' and his idiot friends, and left in the street dying, Carlisle changed her to be a mate for me and to save her life (mates, meaning soul mate to a vampire the only one a vampire will love for all of eternity) she never became my mate, we didn't feel that way for each other. In fact at first she resented us highly, she, like Esme, wanted children desperately and if she couldn't have them she didn't want to have been saved at all. That is, until she found Emmett, he had been mauled by a bear in the woods, it took all her will power to drag him back to the house and pleaded for Carlisle to change him (she couldn't do it herself because when you bite someone, it's like being a shark, one taste and it starts a frenzy. You want to keep drinking, in order to change someone you have to stop and since we have venom like snakes you have to let it spread. All the while the victim feels a burning sensation through his body, for three days, until the process is complete and they awaken a vampire. It's very hard to do, and only Carlisle can), he was a bubbly happy carefree personality; we instantly loved him though he drives us all crazy. Jasper and Alice came to us. Alice is still a mystery, even she doesn't know how she was changed all she knows is that she woke up a vampire and had a vision of meeting Jasper. Jasper was born in the south and became a soldier, during the war he was evacuating people when a woman named Maria found him, as he tried to help her she bit him and made him a vampire she wanted to take over the area so she made an army of vampires to do it. She made Jasper think she was his mate and that they were a team for his gift was of great use to her, she could control the newborns(new vampires not actual newborn babies) better with him. But as time wore on even though they were successful Maria didn't let the newborns live longer than a year (they were stronger in the first year, after that their strength wanes to a normal vampires strength), the emotions of the newborns and the agony and fear they felt when he had to kill them wore on Jaspers heart; he helped one of his friends escape Maria and then left himself. Alice found him in a diner a little while later and they came to find us as she had a vision of us all together. The two of them have been mates ever since. Even though Jasper is new to this life and still struggling with the diet of animal instead of human, he is working hard and we love both him and Alice. Carlisle is the best of us all he is the oldest of all of us and a preachers son, he was helping his father to hunt vampires when he was captured himself; thankfully, the vampire was interrupted (it's been a while since I read the first book but I believe that's what they said happened. If I've gotten this wrong I don't mind anyone messaging me politely with the correct version), and he was able to hide away he kept himself quiet and hidden knowing that his father would kill him if he found him. He tried to kill himself many times, even tried to starve himself, but nothing would work when he was finally too weak to not feed he found a heard of deer and ate from them when he found his strength returning and his hunger mostly quenched he knew he had found a new way to survive this life. He traveled the world and even met the vampire royalty, the ones who made the only two laws we have to abide by, no killing conspicuously, and no exposing who we are to humans. Though they were too vicious for him stay with, he learned a lot, and kept his aversion to human blood. He even became a doctor and now helps save lives with his elevated senses. He gave us all a second chance and even though there are parts about this life we all don't enjoy we have made the most of it; accumulating great wealth and education over the many, many years. Now we live in Forks, Washington about four hours north of Seattle, it was the only one of the only states in North America with only 2-3 days of sunlight a year. We are currently in the car, visiting our friends. We did this mostly on the insistence of Alice. I personally would have preferred to just stay home; I wasn't in a very festive mood anyway. Besides Tanya would be there. Tanya has been like family to us, but I know she's wanted to be more than family with me. Her family and ours met decades ago and they became our surrogate cousins of sorts. Their family is made up of Carmen and Eleazar who are mates and Tanya, Kate, and Irina who are sisters. Kate just recently found her mate in an old friend of the Emmett's named Garrett; he's even taken to vegetarianism with them. Eleazar used to be a part of the vampire royal family, the Volturi, but he, like Carlisle, saw the dark side of the volturi, and also found his mate so he made his exit. Tanya, Kate, and Irina lost their mother to the volturi over a century ago; their mother committed the crime of making an immortal child or a vampire baby, but as they could never mature or come into their right minds they devastated many villages and risked exposure so the volturi killed the babies and their mother for creating them, it was a terrible heart breaking loss. Carmen is also their sister; she met up with them again after she found Eleazar and their mother died. They have all been together ever since. We all met up many decades age and have remained very close visiting each other whenever we get the chance. Now as we are on our way to see them I can't help thinking of the dreaded encounter I will have to deal with, in terms of Tanya. As lovely and beautiful as she is I've just never felt that kind of connection with her; it's not her fault, I haven't felt that connection with anyone. Esme has always worried that something was missing from my essential make-up; that maybe I was too young when Carlisle changed. I do not know whether that was true or not, but it wasn't like I didn't want one. I've been in a family full of perfectly matched soul mates for over a hundred years. It begins to wane on you when you're the only one left out alone, but I have learned many things to fill my time. I have learned more languages, a part from Carlisle of course, read the most books, gotten the most degrees. I had to find something to do to drown out the late night "sounds" if you know what I mean. Especially when it comes to Rosalie and Emmett. When mates first meet each other, at first, they are not sure, but there are signs (like enjoying each other's sent, electricity shooting through your body when you touch, and not being able to be apart for long periods of time or long distances apart), and when you finally figure it out new mates are very, physical, for lack of a more appropriate word. It took over a decade for any of us