A/N- I do not own the Lord of the Rings. Warning- this may or may not be the biggest Mary-Sue story ever. It will include not just one OC but five! I have in fact given them real personalities that differ from person to person. But the chance is still there, so please forgive me if they are. Warning No.2- I haven't read the books. Plain and simple. I haven't seen the Fellowship in over a year and the only reason I got the muse to write this is because I just saw the Hobbit. Then I decided to read a fanfiction because I haven't got a copy of the book. Hopefully I don't fail miserably or insult every LOTR fan. But either way, I have given thought to my OC's so hopefully they aren't that bad. -Enjoy Running a hand through my hair, I try to tidy my unmanageable knots of auburn hair. But to my frustration I see my reflection staring back with obvious roughness. My freckled plump cheeks are rosy red. My strawberry stained lips wet from biting my lip anxiously. My hazelnut brown eyes shine frantically. With my dark and thick eyebrows scrunched together. While my bigger than average nose flares with frustration as I breathe deeply. I am once again late. I pat down my scratchy grey skirt and straighten my ruffled white blouse. Before stepping an inch closer to the automatic sliding doors and sweeping inside the room. Instantly eyes gather on me and I blush crimson in my embarrassment. The people of the bank look down upon me. Their eyes glare over their upturned noses. Their shoulders and neck rise higher. Arrogantly. Proudly. Rudely. It's all the same to me. I sharpen my eyes and glare back. My own pride bubbles in anger. But before I can mutter a snide comment or two, delicate and soft hands grasp my shoulders. They squeeze softly and tug on my motionless body. Without turning my head from the grumpy bank employees I let myself be pulled away. Several short steps later I'm pushed into an empty room. The door closes behind me with a loud 'thump' and I sheepishly look up from the floorboards. My closest and longest friend Leah stands in front of me. With her hands on her hips and her lips in a thin line, I begin feeling terrible. I look into her deep green eyes. A stray strand of midnight black hair falls from her tight bun and into her eyes. She reaches a pale hand towards it and brushes it away. Before she rubs her brow and sighs loudly. Even with a frown on her face, Leah looks beautiful. Her skin is fair and creamy white. Her lushes black hair pulled elegantly into a bun. Her cheekbones are high with a sweet blush upon her skin. Her stance tall while her thin body still manages to look strong. Her forest green dress hugs tightly to her body and brings-out her kind green eyes. But even in Leah's kind eyes I spot disappointment. "Aderyn," she says softly in a quiet tone "I thought we talked about this." She gives me a pointed stare before continuing and I shrink further into myself; in shame. "You would be dressed smartly. You would be on time. You would be friendly and you would certainly not mention any books!" she says loudly. Her cool demeanor disappeared and she flailed her arms in frustration. "I'm sorry." I whisper meekly while watching Leah with a hopeful face. "Don't even try the puppy dog eyes!" she says coolly. I droop my shoulders over in defeat. I wait to be reprimanded; so that I can leave and return to my lonely flat. I didn't even want the job. But I do need the cash. Leah was kind enough to get me an interview. My only job was getting ready on time. I can obviously fail at even the simplest tasks. "Honestly," she cried "You act like a child sometimes." My smile felt goofy as I said; "I like to call it my Tween years!" I replied. Leah laughed softly. "See, there you go again. My dear Ryn, don't you see you've gotten yourself wrapped up in a world of fiction." I turn away from my friend. Over tired and slightly embarrassed I'm certainly not in the mood for a long-winded conversation. "You're barely any different. Acting Elf-like all the time, don't think I don't notice because I do." I replied curtly, a small smile tugging at my lips. Leah stands in front of me. Her eyes locked onto my own. She gazes with a pointed stare and I clenched my jaw in frustration. "I'm hardly as bad as you, Ryn. You're obsessed. You need a break." "Whatever." I mumble softly but didn't shake off her soothing hand as she rested it upon my shoulder. "I may not be able to salvage this interview but there are other jobs out there, Aderyn." She told me but I'm not listening. I hold no interest in working in a bank or an office. I want to be free to do as I please. I want to write epic novels that will be celebrated in years to come. I want the novel I wrote two years ago back under my name and I want my rightful payment. Not a broken heart and empty pockets. I sigh softly and look back to my friend. My thoughts run over my small apartment. Like how much money I have hidden in books and under pot-plants. I wonder where my favorite notebook is and my working pens. But mostly I question how long it would take me to pack up and get out of the city. "I'm going to get out of town for a while, Leah." I tell her. My voice is strong and filled with so much conviction, that I have recently been lacking I know she won't argue. But I watch her eyes anyway; daring her to say otherwise. "I'm glad to hear that, Ryn. You should stay with your cousins, Lottie and Regan. I've got the weekend off, I might join you." Humming softly, I feel much better than I did when I woke this morning. I smile softly at Leah. My past annoyance ebbs away into nothingness. "I'd like that," I say "Besides who else would drive?" I laugh joyfully with Leah as we both relax and begin laughing at the state I'm in. We can never stay annoyed at each other for long. When Saturday morning arrives, I'm both packed and ready to go. I enter my kitchen in the early hours of the morning and prepare breakfast for two. By the time I've cooked fresh eggs and bacon (along with several fake bacon strips for Leah) I hear the familiar sound of keys jingle. Leah calls out merrily, announcing her arrival and quickly makes her way to the kitchen. "Hey," I say in greeting as I flip the eggs over. "Morning," she says "have you got any orange juice?" she asks; already rummaging through my fridge. "Of course I do." I tell her "third shelf, towards the left and behind the butter." "I see it." This is our usual routine. Almost every Saturday Leah arrives early in the morning. We eat eggs, bacon and 'facon' (fake bacon) with a large glass of orange juice. I pay for breakfast and she gives me lifts around town in her car. After we have breakfast we usually go to the local gym. Then we go back to her place and watch a movie from her massive collection. Today we're simply having breakfast and then driving out to the country where my cousins own a farm. After we have eaten our fair share, I run around the house in search of anything useful. But I packed rather well and the only thing I find is my wallet. Filled only with my little amount of money and ID I slip it into my back pocket. I turn off all of my lights and electric equipment. I leave my house with Leah on my tail. Without looking back I jump into Leah's run-down red car. "What should we listen too?" I ask, while flipping through her large collection of music. Leah doesn't turn to look at me. Her eyes watching the road as she weaves in and out of the traffic. But she hums softly for moment, looking thoughtful. "Well, I recently got the latest McFly album." She says I sort through her discs until I find the mentioned album. Not even an hour later we're both singing loudly. Leah sounding like an angel while I manage to croak like a dying cat. Mcfly's songs have never been quite right for my deeper voice. When their latest song (Love is easy) begins to play, I laugh out loud. Leah spares a moment to send me a strange look before quickly returning her attention to the road. "What's so funny?" she asks. I giggle some more before answering "Oh, nothing really." I tell her "but Tom Fletcher, he covered his own song. He's got a YouTube channel and mentioned how people had already begun to create covers. So he made one himself." Leah doesn't laugh. But I'm not put off. She had never gotten into YouTube like I had. Soon enough we're leaving the city behind us. The dismal cityscape begins to mould into grassland. I had grown up by the country and the sea. A small town full of farmers that sat beside a lovely row of beaches. But I had moved away after I finished school. Although I love the land it reminds me of my parents; who had died when I was young. Instead I grew up with Lottie and Regan; my dear little cousins and a set identical twin. I had met Leah through university. At first I didn't like her. She had looked far too proud; a beauty queen that knew just how pretty she was. But I had been terribly wrong. Leah's a dancer and had grown up with a straight back with her chin held high. It's only natural for her. But Leah's really just an extremely pretty nerd. Sometimes I envy her but I like to think she's an elf and I'm a hobbit. It's only normal for Leah to be gorgeous. When the old car finally rolls up the driveway of my family farm, I'm bubbling with excitement. The furry sheepdog's bark alerts our arrival. I look upon the house in fondness. The two story, white paneled house sits neatly in a flatten field. Blue pillars and a fence line the porch. A deep blue roof sits smartly on top. Wide windows situated at random points on the wall makes the house look homely-disorganized. A fly-screen door in the middle of the porch is opened as the twin's barrel out. As soon as the car has stopped, I'm out of the door. With a flash of brunette hair I'm pulled into a tight embrace. Knowing exactly how to distinguish between the identical set of twins, I search for a small birthmark. Quickly finding a round-shaped mole on the base of the neck, I smile widely. I pull away from the hug, enough to allow myself to look into sea blue eyes. "Hello Regan," I say just as I'm pulled aside and into another hug. I laugh loudly and return the hug warmly. "I've missed you both." I tell them. "Oh Ryn," Lottie cries "You've missed so much!" "I bet I have." I say "but firstly, can Leah and I unpack?" I ask as I look over my shoulder and to Leah. Who is also in a tight embrace from Regan. "Of course, you can." Lottie tells us. Without needing to be told twice I walk towards the car's boot. Grabbing my two bags, I throw one to Lottie to carry and Leah's towards her and Regan. We walk upstairs