I was curled up on the side of my favorite arm chair, surrounded on all sides by teenage girls. My oldest niece, Alexa, was behind me, braiding my hair in more and more intricate styles as she watched videos on youtube and attempted them in between watching snatches of the movie. "Who do you think is hotter, Aunt Madison?" One of the girls asked. I looked up from the book I was reading on my Kindle to see the girls were looking at me in between one of them switching out Twilight to Twilight: New Moon. "Yeah, are you team Edward or Team Jacob?" Molly asked, from her sleeping bag on the floor. She was curled over, painting her toenails. I grinned at them. "Oh, definitely Team Jacob." I laughed at some of the outraged gasps. "Hear me out, though!" I said, and continued, "I always felt like the whole Renesme thing was kind of an after-thought. Just a way to tie everything up with a nice, neat bow. Meyer brought Jacob in as a love interest for Bella, even got the girl to admit that she loved him in her own way and then passed him on to her daughter and felt like that was okay? I don't know, I just felt like Jacob was special enough that he should have had an imprint his own age or close to it. Not have to wait so long for his mate after having gone through so much with Bella." A couple of the girls nodded, but Molly just laughed. "I still think Edward's hotter," she said. "And you're entitle to your opinion," I teased. I looked up at the clock above the television. "This is the last one tonight, girls. You can finish the series tomorrow. As for me, I've got to be up early to take Annie to the vet. So, movie will be over around 3:30. Bedtime then, okay?" They nodded in agreement. That gave them a chance for a few bathroom or snack breaks. I wandered around the room giving kisses and hugs. "Goodnight, my girls," I said as I walked back towards my bedroom. "Goodnight!" they called after me. "Woof!" barked my silver-and-black German Shepherd, Annie. Knowing I had to be up early, I decided to forgo a shower tonight and just pulled on a comfortable long nightgown and crawled under the covers, thankful for an electric blanket that had already started warming the sheets and quilt underneath of it. I listened as the girls still talked and watched the movie, and smiled as I heard them all whoop at the point where Jacob took his shirt off. I laughed and closed my eyes and turned over, falling asleep quickly. As I dreamed I heard a strange voice. I opened my eyes to find a place of blank whiteness. There were no shadows, no darkness, only a blinding white light. "Greetings, Madison," came a voice from everywhere. I gasped and looked around me, seeking the source of it. "I am nowhere and everywhere, my dear." the voice asked again. All of a sudden there was a figure in front of me and it was beautiful. A woman with long golden hair in perfect ringlets. Her eyes were a deep blue and she was robed in a gown of paler blue. Her smile was exhilarating and made my knees weak, and I wasn't even into women! She reached out and placed a gentle hand upon the top of my head. "I am so happy see you again. Though you have no memory of it in this life, in this world. I have visited you in another world, another life and you did such an excellent job, I have decided you are the one I have been waiting for, the one I will bless with the gift of world travels." I gasped, as she continued, "I have a gift for you, child. Well, several gifts, truly. But the first gift that I will bestow upon you again is the gift of adventure. You will enter the worlds you have wished so often to join. You will have your chance to save all of my Lost ones. They need someone like you. Your love, your compassion, your heart and your bravery." "The other gifts you will see as they come. Now, it is time I must say goodbye." And with that, she gave me a soft kiss upon the forehead. I closed my eyes and was enveloped in darkness. I felt strange, sound was muffled, but I could hear a heartbeat. No, two heartbeats besides my own. "Twins? Why is it always twins?" I thought. And got an answer. Because it is easier to bring you into a new world as connected to another instead of having to create a whole new construct. "Oh, that makes sense," I thought. Suddenly there was tremendous pressure, and light, and cold. I screamed in confusion only to have it come out in a loud squall. I opened my eyes but everything was fuzzy. I was being held by giants! I tried to hear what they were saying, but there was another voice besides mine crying. I finally heard, "It's another girl!" as it was called out by a deep voice. I knew that voice. It was Charlie Swan, Bella's-well, I guess, our- Dad. This was going to be so weird. I was wrapped in a warm blanket and it calmed me; I stopped screaming, trying to figure out what was going on. The other voice was still squalling, so I started cooing, trying to soothe my sister. It worked, apparently, because she went quiet and I just looked around. Then I was placed in a pair of warm arms and I looked up into a pair of warm blue eyes surrounded by soft brown hair, "Renee", I thought. Another face beside it, Charlie's with his deep brown eyes and dark brown mustache. "What are you going to name them?" Charlie asked. "Isabella Marie and Madison Mikayla," Renee decided. And so apparently, once again, I began a second life. I hated being an infant. There was so much annoyance, but I couldn't tell them what was wrong. Ugh. I was wet. I was hungry. I was cold. I was tired. I was frustrated was what I was! And then I was heartbroken when Renee decided to take Bella and I away from Charlie. I can still remember the look on his face when he kissed us goodbye for the last time under his own roof. Renee moved us around a bit, but finally settled in Phoenix. Though it certainly wasn't all as cut and dried as Bella made it sound in the books. Renee really did love Charlie and it took her a long time to get over him. During that time, we grew up. Renee put us in all kinds of lessons. Both Bella and I despised the ballet lessons. She hated them because she was so clumsy. I hated them for that, not being so light-footed myself, and because of the other girls who were mean to Bella because she was so clumsy. I really excelled at any class involving music. And while Renee's teaching Bella piano barely stuck, I loved it and practiced constantly. I also loved the acoustic guitar and violin. For my birthday last year, Charlie and Renee had gone in together and bought me a beautiful acoustic. Renee also found a teacher to give me guitar lessons, his name was Robbie. Bella and I would be leaving to move in with Charlie in a week; I was going to miss Robbie and his fun lessons, but I would remember all he'd taught me. As in the books, Bella had refused to go to Forks after a while for summer vacations. I would have been perfectly happy to go, but I was terrified to leave her alone. With my luck, she'd somehow trip off the edge of a pier or something and drown. So we both stayed away from Forks for years, even though I had no problem with the cool and the rain. Everything in Phoenix seemed sun-baked and colorless after a while. And so we slowly came closer and closer to our Destiny, Bella's with Edward's, mine with Jacob. I knew this was going to be difficult, but I was determined to be as helpful to bringing Edward and Bella closer much quicker and more safely than it had happened in the books. I had some ideas as to how, but I wasn't quite sure as to how for all of it, but I'd still try. When the day finally arrived, I woke early, excited and nervous to see Charlie again. I got dressed in jeans and a warm shirt, remembering Bella saying in the book how cold it was when she arrived. I was not going to be caught off guard by the chill like she had been. I would also be carrying on my parka, laptop and guitar. There was no way I was trusting my baby to the handling of the barbarians in the loading bay. I'd even saved enough money to buy another seat just for my guitar. Yes, I know that sounds extreme, but so be it. Lucky Bella slept through most of the trip. I however, did not. Stupid fear of heights and flying. I had taken Dramamine to try and help me relax. It did nothing. I began to wish I had my Xanax from my life before. When we finally landed, I seriously considered kissing the ground, but Bella jerked me up as I started to kneel down, looking incredibly embarrassed. Charlie spotted Bella first, as I was busy talking to the incredibly nice older lady who I'd spent most of the flight talking with. Now, have I mentioned yet that Bella and I are not identical twins? Oops, sorry. While Bella has a heart shaped face, mine is more rounded. Her eyes are chocolate brown, mine are a strange shade of almost an olive-like green. Her hair is brown, mine has more red to it, with gold and copper highlights in the sun. We are, however, both incredibly pale. Like...freakishly pale. Dad hugged Bella first, but grinned when I threw myself into his arms. "Hi Dad!" I exclaimed happily. He kissed the top of my head. "Hey, short stuff. How are you?" "Better now that I'm on solid ground," I reply. He smiled, well aware of my hatred of heights. We walked to his cruiser and I happily climbed into the back and laid across the back seat, sleepy now that I was finally on the ground and the Dramamine was still depressing my system. I knew that Bella and Charlie would grab my suitcase, and I'd already stowed my guitar into the trunk of the car. I half-listened to the stilted conversation between Dad and Bella and dozed on the way home. When we arrived, Dad woke me up and helped me up to my room. The one main difference from the book and here and now was that the house was a three bedroom instead of two, Bella and I each had our own room. Hers was painted purple, mine was a jungle green with little glow in the dark stars on the cerulean blue ceiling. Each room contained a bed, desk and dresser, though my bed was a full size because I was constantly falling out of the old twin bed that had been in here years ago. My desk was dark wood and the chair was a funky orange-colored plastic on silver wheels. My dresser was painted white, with crystal-blue glass star-shaped handles. As mis-matched as the furniture was, I loved it and felt that it suited my personality: fun and different. Another change from the book: I was determined to have fast internet, so Bella and I agreed to go in together and pay for half of a faster internet package from