A/N: Well, HELLO! It has been an AWFULLY long time since I have posted anything. I am terribly sorry to anyone who thinks this is an update for The Hunt. Or Forgive Me, Please. Or any of my other WIP's that I should be diligently working on. This is simply another one-shot I became completely engrossed in and decided to go for after yet another long and much overdue hiatus. For those who HAVE read my other story Captive of a Bartender, THIS IS Edward's POV of Captive. PLEASE UNDERSTAND THAT. If this story seems at all familiar, that is why. Someone recently rec'd CoaB on a board somewhere, and Bartenderward seemed like a helluva good idea, so I went with it. This is CoaB from Edward's POV. This A/N is ages long, and I apologize. I just want to also thank my beta ladies, as always. Claire Bloom, love you tons. Thanks for everything you do. To Kyndall (celesticbliss), and to Tiffany (readingmama), for also giving this a once over and offering tips and suggestions, love you both! Enjoy! P.S: Please watch the rating on this story! Rated MA for very mature. "I'm so encaptured, got me wrapped up in your touch Feel so enamoured, hold me tight within your clutch How do you do it, you got me losing every breath What did you give me, to make my heart bleed out my chest" — Disclosure ft. Sam Smith: Latch e.p.o.v "Edward!" James yelled over the thump of the music, "Do me a favour? Four shots of tequila and two bottles of Corona." I filled the order and passed it to him, just in time for him to yell back, "Three more shots of tequila." "Fuck me!" I groaned as Jasper passed me with a tray of drinks, "Do we even have enough of this shit?" James cracked a smile and retorted, "We could keep the tropics afloat with how much tequila we serve in this bar." I laughed. "Yeah, I guess." We were busy tonight, not that we weren't every night. We were the busiest bar on the resort, tucked into just the right spot on the beach where people could come and go as they pleased. We also happened to be at the base of one of the largest hotels on the resort; profit was great, and the tips were even greater. And since Puerto Plata was one of the most popular destinations for Spring Break, it also meant something else... I loved my fucking job. I glanced up, catching the eye of a hot blonde on the other side of the bar as I poured a cocktail. She weaved her way through the crowd, clad in the tiniest bathing suit I'd ever seen. I shook my head and refocused my attention, making sure I didn't spill any of the drink I was serving. All. Day. Long. Hot girls in bikinis. Small ones. Hot drunk girls in bikinis. I could go on, but I digress. It was crippling sometimes. Most days I could do it...others it was tough. Spring Break was the worst. I was glad for the bar that separated me from the fairer sex, but sometimes the boundaries dropped. Lines crossed. I served and worked hard, often observing from behind the bar, but late at night, things happened. Might have been unconventional — unethical, even — but our establishment allowed the girls to hop up on the bar and do body shots. And it killed me. All of us. To watch a girl drink something off another girl's stomach? There aren't words for it, that's for damn sure. And to try to work after it? Hell, I was lucky I could function properly half the time. A perky redhead, already stumbling adorably, leaned against the bar, hiccuping while she ordered a cocktail. I laughed as I grabbed a shaker and filled it with ice. This was going to be one interesting night. . . A few hours later, sweaty and a little agitated from the heat, I undid a few buttons of my shirt, rolling the sleeves to my elbows. Jasper passed me again with a tray of a drinks, muttering, "Ten o'clock, dude, that blonde chick again." I glanced down to the end of the bar, seeing the flash of blonde hair before I heard her laugh. It was loud, and to be quite honest, a little obnoxious. I moved through my coworkers, spying her tiny bikini. I took another small step, and saw a petite brunette standing beside her, leaning up over the bar waiting to order a drink. Long, dark hair, golden brown skin; perky breasts clad in a turquoise bikini I couldn't seem to tear my gaze away from. "Fuck," I said under my breath. I moved closer, practically gaping at her. James served her; he smiled, she smiled. She was gorgeous. She took her drinks, turned to her friend, and stood near the bar, moving languidly to the music. I served a couple more customers, darting my eyes to the end of the bar every so often, watching her, the way she moved. She brushed her hair over her shoulder every now and then, tilting her head from side to side, likely from the heat. I kept hearing her blonde friend's laugh, but nothing from her. And then she took a long pull from her drink, her lips closing around the straw she was using, and I swallowed uneasily. Jasper could have the blonde; I wanted her. I had to switch sections. I jogged down to James, nudging him in the side. "Hey, switch with me for a bit?" I asked. He turned, raising a brow. "Found something you liked?" he asked knowingly. "Behind me," I replied, "brunette. Smoke show. Standing with a hot blonde. Give me a few hours and then I'm off the floor. All yours." He chuckled. "Aren't you a cocky son of a bitch? A few hours?" I rolled my eyes. "I'll kidnap her if I have to. Take her captive. I don't care. Just switch? Let me serve her." He gave me the old salute and went to my section instead, trading off; I turned and started to work on his customers. The brunette was so much closer now, just on the other side of the bar. She wore the bikini top but not the bottoms, opting for shorts instead — a pair which covered the parts that mattered but still gave a great shot of her ass. I took a deep breath and looked away, right into the eyes of her blonde friend. "Hey there," she said, "can I get another one of these?" She waved her glass at me, and I smiled. "Sure, what are you drinking?" She giggled, then shrugged. "I have no idea, but it's got tequila in it...I think?" She turned to the brunette, yelling over the music, "Hey, Bella, what's in this?" Bella. I leaned against the bar, waiting for her to show up; turquoise goddess in her perfect bikini. She bounded to her friend's side, and fortheloveofallthatsholy I couldn't stop looking at her tits. Smooth, Edward. I stared at her as she spoke to her friend, and when she finally glanced at me, she quieted. Her lips were parted only slightly, and her chest rose and fell with uneven breaths; her eyes were dark, a sexy blend of brown and green. "Tequila sunrise," she said after a moment. "Coming right up," I replied easily. I poured the drinks with precision and put them in front of the brunette — Bella — and she set a twenty down on the bar. I waved the bill away, leaning closer. "On the house." She raised a delicate brow, nodding in thanks. "Much appreciated." "Anytime," I told her over the music, "I'm here all night." Her laugh was throaty and sweet, and so sexy I could have jumped across the bar. I gripped onto the edge of it with my hand instead, ignoring the insistence of a drunken man leaning close to Bella, slurring and asking for another shot of 'tequiler'. "Then I'm definitely coming back for more," she promised. And she was gone. . . The next hour was torture. Bella making eyes at me, lingering nearby to wait for drinks, smiling cutely across the bar. Every time she ordered a drink, she made sure she grazed my hand; every time she made eye contact, it was for a few seconds longer than necessary. She couldn't have possibly been conscious of it, but sweat rolled down her body as she danced, curling the ends of her hair and dampening her bikini top, making it harder for me to do my job than it already was. I couldn't for the life of me stop staring at her. It was impossible. "I'm going to go insane!" I yelled at James. "This girl is fucking killing me. If I don't get outta here soon I'm going to lose it, man." He barked out a laugh, retorting, "First off the floor, Cullen, I told you. It's dying off slowly. Cool your jets." I rolled my shoulders, serving a couple more customers before Bella's blonde friend stumbled up to the bar. "Hey! So...I hear about these nifty things you guys do," she started. Her words were slurred, and her bright, green eyes were excited. "Yeah, beautiful, what's that?" I asked. "Body shots?" she replied. My jaw tightened, and my cock twitched with her words. Ah, fuck. Bella appeared from behind her, stepping up on her toes to get closer to me. "Hey you, we wanna do a body shot." She smelled like sweetness and tequila, and I wanted her tongue in my mouth. "Is that okay?" I nodded stupidly, replying, "Hell yeah." She grinned. "Which one of you is taking the shot?" Bella raised her hand, and I pointed to her friend, saying, "Alright, so she's up on the bar?" When Bella nodded, I did the same. I cleared the bar as best I could, wiping it down with a cloth. I called to James that I had a body shot in my section, and within the next two minutes, both he and Jasper each had one as well; typically they were a pretty fun show to watch. The next second, James killed the music. Once we were ready, I went around to the other side to help Bella's friend. "Ready, sweetheart?" I asked her. She nodded eagerly, and in one swift movement I grabbed her by the waist, hoisting her onto the bar. She giggled anxiously, laughing with Bella. "Holy hell!" "Now lie down," I told her, going back around to the other side of the bar. She fanned her hair out behind her and did as I said, straightening her legs in front of her. A group of people had gathered around Bella and her friend, waiting eagerly to see the show. Bella stood close, anticipating what was next. I grabbed the tequila, salt, and lime, placing them each on the bar. "Alright, now...lick the space just above her collarbone," I said to Bella. The corner of her mouth pulled up into a sexy grin. She made eye contact with me as she did it, being sure to get every last part of her friend; every inch of her tongue reaching every last sweaty inch of glistening skin. I swallowed past the sudden dryness in my mouth, passing Bella the salt so she could dab it on her friend. Next, I handed her the lime. "Put it in her mouth," I instructed, "rind down." She did what I said, and once that was done, I told her friend to hold still while I poured the shot. I steadied my hand on the blonde's hip while I tipped the tequila into her belly button. She jumped a little at the contrast in temperature, and a tiny bit spilled down her stomach, rolling over the side. "Good to go," I told Bella. I stood back