FAGE 9: The Last Ride Title: The Afflictions of Dating Written for: Tiffany Vee Written by: AcrossTheSkyInStars Rating: M Summary/prompt used: Geek online dating If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/FAGE-9-The-Last-Ride/93625/ A/N: I have to just jump right in and say how happy I was to be apart of this final FAGE. I was there when the first began, and although I haven't participated in all, I'm here for the last. Inspiration - or motivation to write - hasn't come easy lately for me, for whatever reason...call it life. But I'm glad I got in and decided to write. Especially because my recipient is someone I adore and admire greatly. A fantastic writer herself. Enjoy, Tiffany. BPOV January 1st, 2017 "And…so now what do I do?" I furrowed my brows and asked. Alice rolled her eyes, snatching my phone from my hand. She began to scroll through photo after photo, catching my attention when she passed dark hair and handsome eyes. "You browse," she said simply, "peruse." She tilted the phone toward me, laughing quietly. "You know…kind of like online shopping, but for a date, I guess." "Okay," I said slowly, "I just…scroll?" She huffed, sitting back into the cushions. Her eyes were on her own phone, fingers moving at lightning speed, and then there was me; I barely knew how to use the damn thing. "Yes, Mom," Alice replied, "you scroll, and then when you see a guy you like, give him one of those big check marks and shoot him a message." I stared intently at my phone, scrolling slowly through a few photos. Most of the guys were quite attractive, I'd give them that. Good looking smiles, handsome faces, and for the ones who had decided to really take a photo, extremely good looking bodies. I found that degree of exposure a little too much, but they were still putting themselves out there; just like I was. Except…I really, truly had no idea what I was doing. Or what to even say. "What do I say?" I asked aloud, finding the handsome brunette again as I continued to scroll. "Oh, him!" I pointed to my phone, looking to Alice for guidance. "He's hot, don't you think?" Alice sat up, glancing over to check and see. "He really is," she agreed, "he's also only twenty-eight, Mom." She pursed her lips in a sad smile. "I mean, up to you, but that's a quite a bit of an age difference." I did quick math in my head. "I suppose so," I said with a nod. I looked back at my phone, sighing. "Sorry, Jake, maybe in another life." "You don't have to find the one Mom, or even talk to anyone tonight," Alice assured me. "Just…keep it in mind you have this as an option, and if you're feeling lonely or if you're ready for something, someone else might be too." She stood up, leaning over to kiss the top of my head before she whispered, "I love you, Ma. I just want you to be happy." "I love you too, baby. Thanks for the help." She smiled, straightening out her shirt. "I'm going out for a bit, is that okay?" I nodded, glancing back down to my phone. "Of course. Tell Jasper I said hello." "Will do," she replied. The door opened and closed behind her, and she was gone. I sat for the better part of an hour tucked into the same spot on the couch, doing just as Alice had said; perusing, scrolling, giving men of various faces and ages check marks. Whatever that meant. I still wasn't sure what the hell I was doing either way, whether or not to reach out to the first man I found attractive, or to hold off and really figure out what I was looking for. Was it long term, a few dates, maybe even marriage material? I shook my head at the idea of…well, any of them, really. It sounded just shy of ridiculous. Even though I was hesitant of the whole concept of basically 'online shopping' for a boyfriend, I swiped my finger across the screen of my phone anyway. I tilted my head back before I could glance at the new face, feeling the kinks in my neck. I had been staring at my phone for so long my joints were stiff. I set my phone down on the coffee table, stretching out my arms, arching my back. I stood up, glancing at my phone, the screen now dark. For the best, anyway. Maybe another day. . . December 20th, 2015 "What?!" Edward's piercing voice screeched through the phone. "He broke up with you? You? What the hell is wrong with him?" I exhaled something between a sigh and a laugh, frowning at the cup of coffee in front of me. "Considering I'm now single, I'm going to go with yeah," I replied, "and who knows what's wrong with him. I thought he was…" "Crude? Shallow? A Princess!" Edward interrupted smoothly. I chuckled. "A Princess? No, that's you, honey." Edward laughed back. "Touché. He was a bit of a pretentious dick, though." I furrowed my brows. "He wasn't that bad." "Yes, Bella, he was," he said levelly. "You - and you know I'm not one to skate around the truth - are a hot piece of ass. You're one of my best friends. You deserve all the happiness in the world, with an amazing man. Mike? He wasn't even close to being good enough for you. Nice to look at, sure, but kind of a jerk." I smiled, folding a napkin absently between my fingers. "I suppose in retrospect he was kind of an asshole at times." "More than a little, I'd say," Edward countered. "And don't worry, with that beautiful face, sunshine, you'll find a true catch one day soon. Don't beat yourself up. Get back out there and find that lucky guy!" "Easy for you to say!" I laughed, shaking my head. I took a small sip of coffee, glancing around the cafe. "You've already found your…knight in shining armour, as it were. Dating sucks, if you don't remember." Edward made the smallest sound; I could practically see his smirk through the phone. "Absolutely it does. I was fortunate enough to find my person early in life, though. Your Emmett will come around sooner rather than later." "Dear lord I hope so," I agreed. "Unless you mean my big, burly, sexy gay guy will come around soon, and in that case, I'll order mine tall and straight with extra sexy on the side. I don't think I'd do well batting for my own team." "But switching sides is so much fun," Edward teased, "although Emmett and I do have a line of men we know just waiting to be set up with a beauty like you. I don't think you'd do well as a lesbian, either." I tipped my head back against the booth I was sitting in, rolling my eyes at the ceiling. "Noted, Edward," I said dryly. With a glance at my watch, I realized I had places to be. "Anyway thanks for the chat, babe. I really appreciate it. But I have to head out to this work thing. I'll talk to you later." "Anytime," Edward said sincerely, "have fun!" I tossed my phone onto the table, took another sip of my tepid coffee, then frowned at the bundle of bags beside me. Christmas gifts. Some for Alice and her boyfriend, some for Edward and Emmett, and some for Mike. I knew Edward was right, that I was most likely better off without him, that he wasn't the one for me, but it still hurt. The sting of rejection still persisted. Single…five days before Christmas. After already buying a few very expensive gifts. I took one last sip of coffee and stood, managing the mass of gifts in my hands as I left. I replayed Edward's words in my head, telling myself he was right. I just needed to find my person in life. . . January 3rd, 2017 I shifted gears and pulled into the crowded lot, searching for a spot. An empty space opened up at the back of the restaurant, and I parked, heading into the bustling bar. The ambiance of the place was rustic, yet modern - dark, polished wooden tables, sleek marble bar top, leather bar stools - and contemporary music pumped through the sound system. It was a little loud, but not so much that I couldn't hear the hostess greet me as I entered. "Oh, just meeting a few friends, actually," I told her, "thank you." She smiled sweetly as I passed, and I quickly scanned the restaurant. It was incredibly busy on a Friday night, full of families, business men and women done with work for the day, and people on dates. I lingered a little too long on an intimate couple sharing a bottle of wine in a cozy booth, all smiles and light touches. It reminded me of that feeling , when you first met someone and started getting to know them. How everything was exciting, curious and unfamiliar, but amazing. The reminiscence made me feel almost…homesick. If that made any sense. Homesick for something I wanted to feel again. I took another step and kept searching, finding Emmett's broad frame almost immediately. Edward was beside him in a booth on the other side of the restaurant, chatting animatedly with a man sitting across from him. I made my way over, stopping just short when Edward and Emmett made eye contact. It was supposed to be just us three. "Ah, there she is," Edward announced my arrival, "Bella. Finally! Come, come." He waved his hand, ushering me closer. The man across from him turned; blond hair, blue eyes, and a handsome smile. "This is our friend, James. James, this is Bella." I took another awkward step toward the booth, exchanging pleasantries with James as I did, smiling and nodding at him. He slipped across the booth to make room for me, patting the space beside him. "Jump in," he invited, "we were just talking about you." "Oh?" I replied, the question loaded, brow raised, as I glanced across the table. "Were you now? How convenient, Edward." Edward's smile was gleaming; self-satisfied and proud. Emmett sat beside him, arm draped on the booth behind Edward, grinning back at me just as wide. Pricks. "Mighty convenient, actually," Edward admitted. "You are quite the conversation piece, sunshine. James gladly accepted my invitation to dinner when he heard he wouldn't be the third wheel. I only figured you would be pleased as well." I pursed my lips, nodding; half-agreement, half-annoyance. I didn't want to be set up, or forced into anything, and Edward and Emmett knew that. I did appreciate the effort, but I wasn't sure what they expected. I was a forty year old divorcee trying to get out into the dating world again. What did I expect? I still had no clue. I ordered a drink from the server when she approached, needing one desperately after realizing Edward and Emmett's 'fun night out' was only another painful attempt at getting me laid…a date…a boyfriend…whatever it was they were trying to do. I should have expected it by now considering it was the third time they'd lured me into dinner under these pretences. Apart from a couple of awkward minutes at the beginning, small exchanges to test the waters, the night went rather well. For the better part of two hours, the four of us talked, reminiscing over old stories, discussing interests and hobbies, getting heated over current events. We shared wine and whiskey, ate to our heart's content, and ultimately laughed when Emmett - clumsy as all hell - spilled