The save my rear disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any characters mentioned in this fic, all credit to the lovely J.K who lets us play in her universe. I don't even take credit for my ship because I am sure somewhere one of you has thought of something like this before and if anyone wants to play with my ships, I don't really give a fig. You can just say you found a new idea from my story and I will squeal with happiness and be grateful if you send people back my way. I MAKE NO MONEY OFF MY FANFICTION. Cheers. Authors Note: As of right now, this is a one shot. I am rating it M because my muse is rather addicted to this plot and if it goes on you know I will have lemons. Heads up, no lemons yet. But...please read. I want your opinion if this should be a multi-chapter fic. Thank you as aways for the support. This story is for Lola, she made me post this and I thank her. Lola is otherwise known as Crazy4Wood. If my muse (Odessa by the way) is missing she is off making trouble with Lola. Probably pissed, terrible, I know. P.S Sorry if I make you cry... Cjean Music is as always my muse: Song: Better Love; Hozier (PUT IT ON!) Lyrics: Like fire weeping from a Cedar tree. Know that my love would burn with me. Three years post-war: Hermione and Hannah have a cafe/bookstore in Diagon Alley, where our story begins. Bonded By Fate "Come on Granger, it's been years, shouldn't you at least try to forgive me?" Hermione sighed and turned around facing the stunningly attractive wizard smirking at her with his blue almost gray eyes and too white teeth. Every day he showed up at her little cafe and bookshop with basically the same line. Not saying anything she pulled out his favorite muffin and went to make his latte. He would then go and sit at the table in the corner hidden from the window and read the Prophet before he left and returned at four to have tea and whatever cake was on special and then read a book. Usually, the book he had bought from her small book store that week. "Just because I forgive you does not mean I have forgotten, Malfoy." She said softly with a polite smile as she handed him his latte and took his gold. She hid her small shiver and hoped he didn't see, touching him gave her the chills and not bad chills. No knicker melting chills and she would be mortified if he ever knew. She both hated and loved that he kept coming back every day. Lately, she was dreaming all kind of naughty things about this particular wizard. Draco gave a resigned and rather dramatic sigh and moved off to his table. Hermione turned to raise an eyebrow at Hannah Abbot who was responsible for all the cakes, muffins, bagels, and croissants. Hannah hid her smirk and ducked away, she had already told Hermione, frequently, that she should cut the handsome wizard a break and just give him a hint so he could ask her out. Hermione was sure that Hannah knew that Hermione secretly had a crush on him, although where her friend got off thinking Draco would ever ask her out stumped her. Admittedly she wouldn't mind dating a wizard like him, he had turned himself into an amazing man after the , still, he was Draco Malfoy. It was hard to forget that. No matter how good looking he was or how fantastic he was now. He was the boy who had taunted her mercilessly her entire childhood, it was hard to forget that, as petty as that made her feel when she admitted it to herself. But, still, he was Draco Malfoy. It was hard to forget that. No matter how good looking he was or how fantastic he was now. He was the boy who had taunted her mercilessly her entire childhood, it was hard to forget that, as petty as that made her feel when she admitted it to herself. Hermione rolled her eyes and turned to wipe down the display counter, she looked over at Draco Malfoy with a slight frown. He was dressed in an impeccable three-piece suit of the quality cloth. He never wore robes in her shop, in fact, she never saw him in robes around Diagon Alley. She knew that he had taken over the Malfoy families business interests, specifically their apothecary, but she had a feeling he was up to something more than just running the family business. The books he bought were always on healing, and she sometimes caught him reading what looked like textbooks. She wondered if he was studying for a Mastery privately? She gave a mental shrug, it was all speculation really, all she knew was what was printed in the papers and magazines. And she hardly felt that Rita Skitter or Witch Weekly were good sources for factual information. After all most of what they printed about her was utter rubbish. Look at what they still printed about her, no, she had no trust in the wizarding press. None at all. OooOOooooOOOOoooOOOoooOOOoo She was lost in thought when the bell rang again over the shop door and she looked up with her practiced smile only to freeze in shock. The wizard was tall and wearing dark robes with messy hair and dark brown eyes he looked up and his smile was wide. Hermione rushed from behind the counter and over to the wizard her face flushed and her smile genuine. "Viktor! What are you doing here? I thought you were in Germany?" Viktor Krum smiled down at her and touched her face gently. "I sought a transfer," he said in his accented English which had much improved since all those years ago at Hogwarts. "What does that mean?" She asked grabbing his hand still shocked to see him. Viktor and she had been exchanging letters since her fifth year of school after she had gone to the Yule ball with him in her fourth year. Their friendship had often skirted the line of something more but Quidditch always got in the way. He was, after all, the best seeker of his generation. Then there had been the war and more Quidditch. But they had always kept in touch, and that line had always been flirted with. "It means, my English rose, that I will live here now." Hermione's eyes went wide and she threw herself into his arms in excitement. "Here? As in London?" He laughed and picked her up hugging her to him and turning with her in his arms. "Yes, my Mila, I will be in London now and only away for games." Hermione laughed happily feeling tears well up in her eyes as she pushed away her hands on his muscled shoulders smiling into his handsome face. "How long have you known about this?" He smirked and put her down taking a careful step back. "How long would be too long and earn your temper, my rose?" Hermione snorted and grabbed his hand pulling him forward. "You will probably find my temper is tempered by the fact that my one of my very best friend just walked in my door. Where will you stay? Have you got a flat?" Viktor chuckled and allowed her to push him into a chair at a table near the counter where she rushed to pour him some strong black coffee and handed him one of the carrot muffins that she knew he liked. He always stopped in at their shop when he was in London, the publicity when they had first opened had been wonderful and she had known with a fluttering stomach that he had done that on purpose because since that time reporters never found him there unless he was only in town for a day. He liked privacy as much as she did and it was sweet of him to use his celebrity to help her and Hannah get in the papers with their little business. He smiled at her and picked up the large mug. "I do not know where I will live, my rose. I just arrived by port key and finished checking in with my new coach." He sipped his coffee and grinned. "Do you still have the free bedroom for rent?" Hermione sank down and laughed helping herself to some of his muffin. "Yes, I do. But are you sure you want to room with me? I can't imagine that is what they will expect of a world-class Quidditch player. Aren't you supposed to live in a penthouse with fan witches all over the place?" She teased. Viktor snorted and glared at her. "That is never funny." She stood up and smiled widely. "I always think it is. Well, you are welcome to the room. Finish your muffin and let me tell Hannah and I will take you up and switch the wards." She forgot about her other customer as she rushed back into the kitchen, so she didn't see the rather shocked and crestfallen look on the Draco Malfoy's face before he went rigid with rage and left the store. Hermione wanted to tell Hannah and catch up with Viktor so she ran into the kitchen causing Hannah to look up in surprise "What has put that smile on your face? Did you finally give in and let Draco ask you out?" Hannah asked waving her wand so that a bowl continued to mix itself. Hermione took a deep breath and then said in a rush. "Viktor is here! He has been transferred to a local team." She totally ignored the Draco Malfoy dig, it was normal from Hannah anymore. Hannah went wide eyed. "Really? Which team?" Hermione paused and then laughed. "I don't actually know. I forgot to ask him." Hannah laughed back at her friend and wiped her hands on her apron. "That is so typical of you Hermione Granger." Hermione flushed. "Well, he is going to rent my extra room." Hannah looked rather shocked but recovered quickly. "I can watch the front until Toby gets here why don't you take the day off and show him around?" Hermine hugged her friend, Toby was a squib who worked for them in the afternoons. "You are an angel, thank you." When she rushed back out it was to find the store empty except for Viktor who was smiling at her, for a moment she paused frowning at the table Draco usually occupied for an hour each morning. But then she looked back at Viktor and her heart skipped in excitement. "Come on you Bulgarian bon-bon, let's go home." Viktor stood up his eyes flashing and swept her into his side giving a thankful smile at Hannah as he left with his witch on his arm. OoooOOOOoooOOOOooOOOOoooOOOo Five years later... Hannah looked up as Hermione rushed in her face flushed from the cold and her hat askew. "Well, there she is." Hermione groaned and smiled at her friend her face tired and her hand on her slight bump. "I know, I am so sorry but it took me forever to drag myself out of bed this morning." Hannah nodded her face kind. "It's okay 'Mione you have had a year of rather big changes." Hermione laughed and then nodded ticking them off on her hand. "Marriage, Viktor retiring to become an Auror, a baby." Hannah snorted. "And expanding our little cafe and bookshop." Hermione looked around happily taking off her coat. "Yes, well that is still no excuse to leave all the early mornings to you." Hannah laughed. "I am the morning person remember? But come on back and keep me company if you wish, I got bored while the muffins baked and stocked the shelves for you." Hermione smiled at her