He could not believe the pain he was in right now. Every inch of his body hurt like hell. But he was also not unfamiliar with this. He had accustomed to pain ever since he was old enough to walk and form words in his mouth. He now considered pain as an organ in his body. Lying in the wet cave of Merlin knows where, he grunted as pushed himself to sit. The apparition had only made his injuries worse. He was never good with magical transport. Even the Knight Bus created difficulties for him. Taking out his scathed wand he waved it over his knees where he could literally see the bones popping out. Knowing whatever temporary healing spells he could remember he seethed in pain as those spells barely allowed some coverage to the wounds. But that would do for the moment. First he needed to know where he was and where was his enemy. It had been years after the start of the second war. He had lost count how many years they'd been fighting the evil of their world. When that man had returned no one had believed him and by the time they all did it was already too late. The man had grown stronger in number, his loyal followers already by his side. The light side didn't even saw the first attack come in as they were never given a chance to prepare for the war that now behold over their world. Their politics and delusional views had made them weak and vulnerable and the man had taken advantage of that, attacking at the very core of their defense and strategy. But now the times were different. That man had gone weak. He was wounded and he knew that and whenever the two of them fought the winner was mostly the young one. But that didn't mean that the man was weak in his prowess. No. he had also grown a lot stronger and skilled. It was his physical body that had started to defy him. The other guy wouldn't be surprised as the man's soul was barely holding on its own. Lord Voldemort had nothing but the last part of his soul remaining and Harry had no idea where it was. They had all made a mistake destroying the horcruxes as they found them. Though it was safer this way but that had allowed Voldemort to know that his anchors were being destroyed. So when the last of the anchors remained Voldemort had made sure that his enemy won't be able to get to it and now Harry was at lost. He already had his scar healed and so he could no longer look into Voldemort's mind either. And he hated to admit it but he missed that skill at the moment. After hiding his only remaining anchor Voldemort had gone in on a rampage, killing everyone in his path. It didn't matter to him whether it the band of his loyal followers or others. Well, he never wore any sympathy for good and innocent people but when he had killed his followers like Bellatrix and Lucius Harry knew from that moment that things had taken a south turn. This was more dangerous, a Voldemort with no control of his raging emotion which only meant death and destruction of his world. And he was right. Not only did the magical world suffered from it but the muggle world, too. The population of the entire planet had now come to two, well, one if Voldemort was not considered human. No one had seen anything like this when the skies had been torn revealing black dimensions when Voldemort came in with his army after he had been somehow pushed away from the castle during his first official attack after his return. He had not taken that lose in a peaceful manner and had crossed all limits of saneness and magic and had called inter-dimensional beings. What had surprised Harry was how these beings had come to take orders from Tom. These beings looked more like dementors but only not boney in their physique. They were like hunky people taking over a dementor's cloak, face and their ability to freeze everything whenever they decided to visit. Unfortunately if someone's patronus wasn't corporeal it didn't work on them. This Harry had learned the hard way when he had failed to save a young man while he was on the run. Running seemed to be the only thing he could do after Voldemort had wiped out the entire population. With the demonic army behind Voldemort, waiting for his command, Harry could not cost himself to them, not until he had destroyed Voldemort. And to do that he needed to find the last horcrux. He didn't know where or what it was and since he had destroyed the one inside himself he could no longer hear or feel them either. Fortunately his parseltongue remained but he hardly recognized its importance at the moment. It was like hide and seek, what he and Voldemort did. They both were looking for each other and it had been years. Harry's magical skill and prowess had increased and developed tenfold and so did his experience. When you have a maniacal half dead wizard after you, you tend to learn things rather quickly. He had leant many new spells, ward construction and breaching, dark arts while he was on the run. The libraries of the many magical families that had fallen proved to be very helpful. He now wondered why Hermione always told him to pay more attention on the books. His emotions quavered for a moment when he recalled that name in his mind as he sat inside this wet cave. He had seen her fall when one of those dementor things had blocked her path. She was too terrified to react and cast her patronus and by the time he could come for her aid the monster had done its job. Unlike normal dementors, these dementors not only suck out a person's soul but also physically suck out every life force from them, leaving behind a mummified corpse. She was unrecognizable. There were two hollow holes looking back at his face when he looked at her fallen figure. Even in this state the fear clearly expressed itself on her face. She was the last one to fall and that had completely broken him. He was so angry that his emotional barrier broke and the raw magic that had been shot out of his body had directly hit the large dementor, killing it in a flash. He didn't know what had happened after that as he had gone unconscious. When he woke up a skull piercing headache tortured him. Hermione's body still lay there and had almost been submerged in the puddle that was now there due to the heavy rain. The rain mixed up with his tears and Harry lifted her in his arms and carried her to some shelter he had found under ruins of the many buildings that now covered the land. The next day he had buried her properly. She deserved at least this much. If it wasn't for her he would've been long dead. They were in their early sixties when this happened. Pushing himself up Harry came out of the cave. It was all green and wet as heavy rain washed down the leaves of the tall trees. He was in some sort of rain forest and it was already night. Seeing his condition he knew he was in no position to get out of here. Not that it mattered. There was only Voldemort out there. After he had somehow learned to harness that raw magic that had killed the large dementor Harry had struck Voldemort like anything. The loss of his friends and the people he cared about, all of it fueled his magic and Voldemort could only watch as his most powerful followers were all killed without any mercy. The death eaters, giants and other dark magical creatures weren't hard for Harry to kill then. He had long since dropped the value of morale. He knew it would only hinder in his goal to defeat Voldemort. Had they all done this earlier things would've been different right now. But Dumbledore was all about giving second chances. He thought that even Tom could become good if given another chance but thankfully the old man had died before he could make it all happen. Harry knew Dumbledore's intentions were not bad but the way he made others do the right thing was not at all acceptable to Harry. Well, not now. He was too young then and hardly anybody heed him. It was all Dumbledore and Dumbledore only and when he had fallen, they had all turned to him as if he was some leader of half the magical population. He was sixteen then and hardly knew any spells outside his course books. How could he have leaded them? But even if he tried, there were many who tried to oppose him saying it will be too dangerous. What did they expect? They were fighting a bloody war and because of their fear of using 'dark spells' as an offensive they were all dead with hardly any casualties on Voldemort's side. This had come to bite them rather quickly and Harry was not surprised. They were all too coward. And now they had all paid their prices. He had long ago left his feelings at bay, knowing it made him weak and vulnerable. They were all gone, the people he cared for, his friends. They were not coming back. It was now him and Voldemort and Harry knew exactly what he had to do once he had defeated that snake-headed bastard. He had no desire to live any longer. What would he do? There was no one else alive. This only gave him more strength. He had nothing to lose now. And that had terrified Voldemort as over the years his anchored soul had grown weak and weak. This had lead Harry to know one thing that whatever it was that Voldemort had used to anchor his soul was something very ordinary and not charmed like the historical artifacts or the hallow or his precious snake. Also it was not drawing energy from anywhere and as the object was naturally rotting the soul inside it rotted too. This had caused Voldemort to grow weak physically. But his magic didn't get affected at all. Rather it had grown more powerful. Bringing in the firewood was a hard task with many broken bones and wounds but somehow Harry had made it. A quick drying charm and an 'incendio' spell brought warmth and light in the dark cave. He would spend his night here and would think about everything tomorrow. As he prepared to sleep he checked his inventory. His potions' stock was running low. There wasn't much except for a few pepper-up potions and some scale-grow. He could use the later one right now but that would mean much less for future use where anything could go wrong. Besides, his broken bones would heal within a weak. He just had to prevent himself from doing some physically active tasks. He rather slipped in a portion of pepper-up potion to make himself feel a bit better so he could at least sleep a bit peacefully. He knew how to brew few potions but with everything destroyed it wasn't as easy to find the ingredients. Warding his shelter thoroughly he supported his back to the cave's wall. It was cold and damp but it didn't bother him. He had spent his nights in far worse places. Though a bed would've been nice but the streets weren't safe and there wasn't any telling when Voldemort would attack next. He could no longer feel the man and that was a problem. The morning didn't see a sunny day. The rain hadn't stopped and