A/N: I am very sympathetic to District One for multiple reasons. They're given the shortest shrift out of any of the districts in the books, save for possibly D2, which makes me rage a little. So yeah. That's what's going on here. "You look like hell." Cashmere wipes her mouth roughly. "Does it look like I just puked between two trash cans in an alley?" she asks her brother, scrubbing her hands off on her dress. "Why not just aim for one of the two?" Gloss says, bemused. He plucks at the ends of her glossy curls and brushes off her shoulders. "Doesn't seem very productive." "Had to keep my face hidden," Cashmere says darkly. "Cameras everywhere. You know." She gestures to the streetlights above them. It's early evening, but the Capitol streets are light up as brightly as midday. "Don't want to show up on Velda Vittlesworth's bullshit show as the latest District One female to OD in an alley." "You'd never hear the end of it," Gloss agrees. "Ever since Amberlynn died, they've been on all of us." Cashmere rolls her eyes as they turn and head the opposite direction down the street, her ankles weak in her strappy heels. "And you know Johanna would never shut up about it. She thinks she's got it so much worse than we do. 'Oh, boo hoo, everyone I love is dead!' Yeah, try getting banged by fifteen politicians in twelve hours and then cry about it." "God, you are a mean drunk," Gloss observes. "Are you sure you don't want a coffee or something before you go in there? Some toast? I'm sure we can find a place that makes toast." She shakes her head. "I'm fine," she lies, although she's definitely still very drunk and the idea of coffee and toast sounds amazing at that moment. "Well, your breath smells like shit," her brother says, "and you're swaying all over the place, so yes, you're getting coffee. If the Gamemakers see you like this, that hurts both of us. Public image and whatever. We're supposed to be setting a good example for the youths." Cashmere lets out a loud guffaw at that, and Gloss glances around the street protectively before putting an arm around her shoulder and leading her into a nearby coffee bar. It's dim inside, thankfully, and Gloss leaves her at a table before joining the line to order. Left alone with only her thoughts, she twists her hair around two fingers in a sort of figure-eight motion and wills herself to sober up in time for her mandatory bargaining meeting with the Gamemakers. She could swear she's halfway there when Gloss returns, holding two cappuccinos and a plateful of strange, neon-colored cookies. "Eat these," he says shortly, putting the plate in front of her. She rolls her eyes. "I'm okay now. I'm feeling better." "Just eat them." "I can't. Sugar, remember?" She gives him a pointed look. "I can't just go to the gym and turn all my sugar and carbs into muscle." "Well, I don't remember the last time I saw you eat solid food, so I don't really think that matters right now. Come on, Merie." He passes her a napkin. "Just eat two of them, and drink your coffee, and we'll go and you'll be on time." Cashmere rolls her eyes again, this time at his invoking her childhood nickname – he's always treating her like a child when she's drunk and he's not – but she takes a small bite of one of the cookies and it isn't terrible. She takes a sip of cappuccino, without bothering to wait for it to cool, and follows it up with another nibble on the cookie. It's some sort of cherry-vanilla-almond confection, and if she were the type of person who liked dessert she'd probably want to eat these all the time, but in the Academy there was aversion training for girls who took to sweets, and she still can't eat chocolate or marshmallows without retching. But these aren't bad, so she finishes the one and takes another. Across the table, Gloss looks preoccupied. "I still can't believe they conned you into mentoring," he says. "They haven't even made me do it yet." "That's because you're still so popular," Cashmere says acidly from behind her tiny cup of espresso. "Besides, we all know I'm the brains of this operation. ." Gloss ignores the dig and continues. "How is Dexter, as a mentor? I've never heard anything bad about him…" "But you've never heard anything good about him either. I know." She shrugs. "I mean, he's fine. I think they just stuck him with this kid because they're so much alike. First alternate made tribute, not too good-looking, kind of a smart-ass. Probably not going to win, honestly, but who knows. It's a weird fucking year." "You don't say," Gloss says. They fall silent, and Cashmere grinds her teeth a little as she thinks about the whole thing. She's not naïve, she knows that the girl she's got as tribute is better off dying in the arena, preferably in as gory a way as possible – but the whole process just feels strange. She still feels too young to be mentoring. The mentors, when she was training, were all ageless but definitely much older than she was (or at least they felt that way as a teenager). She stuffs another cookie into her mouth as she contemplates the idea of being that Victor of Indeterminate Age (not so indeterminate, only 24) that holds the key to another teenager's life or death. "Yeah," she mutters at last. "By the way, did Twelve get a new stylist or something? The fuck's up with that? They couldn't have given them to us?" "And get rid of Maedwe? Never." Gloss clicks his tongue disapprovingly. "She's a legend." "Well, she's senile, and also tacky," Cashmere says as she drains her coffee cup. "You try standing up there wearing strategically placed sequins – don't give me that look, it's different for the girls – and see what I mean." "Don't stress out over it," Gloss says knowingly as they rise and head for the door. "Whoever Twelve has dressing them just put a big target on their backs. They're the center of attention now, which means that everyone's waiting for them to fuck up and show their weaknesses. At which point –" "Two's kids can come in and win the whole thing," she says. "Come on. It's not our year." It's fair enough, as One's been on an intermittent winning streak for the past few years (save for the last, which went to some surprise kid from Seven), but that Academy-bred inferiority complex still runs hot in her veins. "Never say never." Gloss looks up, rubbing the back of his neck, as if he's searching the invisible constellations for some sort of sign. "Can you take it from here? I have an appointment that I really can't be late for– " Cashmere waves him off. "Go," she says, her fingers fluttering. "It's like three blocks. I'll be fine." He wraps her in a brief hug and kisses her temple, and then turns, bobbing and weaving down the crowded street. The pre-Games furor and late summer heat has filled the streets with revelers, and for a moment, she's nearly anonymous. The shiny chrome elevator doors open on a ding, and in front of them is Dexter, his arms folded and dark brows furrowed in an irritated expression. "Nice of you to show up," he hisses at Cashmere, who rolls her eyes and stalks out of the elevator car. He trails behind her, keeping up a running patter: "Seriously, you're basically late, which means everyone else is going to be running late, which means they're all going to hate us even more. And by the way, you smell like a distillery. It's coming out of your pores. Would it literally kill you to spend one week sober here? And by the way– " "Ugh, give it a rest," she snaps. "I just came from a sponsor party. They like your kid, Wonder, Sparkle, whatever the fuck his name is." "Marvel. It's Marvel ," Dexter moans. "Please tell me you weren't drunk the entire time. We don't need that on us, especially going into a Quell prelim year, you know that's just going to stack up against us. We need an Arena that's going to favor us next year, especially since we've never won a Quell before, and literally everything we do this year is going to reflect back on the entire district, so please, Cash, don't fuck up in there." She whirls around at this, eyes flashing and face contorted into her least-flattering warrior expression, and for a moment it's like they're back at the Academy, two years apart but paired together in sparring practice for reasons neither of them ever understood. "You know, if you don't like my mentoring, maybe you and I should trade places so I can get a little extra practice ," she growls, leaning on the last two words meaningfully. Dexter's jaw tightens and his shoulders twitch, and for a split second she thinks he's about to try to hit her, but the moment passes and he relaxes, shaking his head tightly. "Just don't fuck up," he says again in a pleading tone. "Do you have your kid's file?" "Fuck," she mumbles. She does not. Dexter rolls his eyes at this, but hands her a folder from the two he has clenched under one arm. "At least I brought a duplicate." "Thank Snow for your management skills," she says dryly, but accepts it all the same. The sliding doors open and her name is called, and she squares her jaw as she walks into the Gamemakers' chamber. God. She remembers Seneca Crane from her first year on the circuit – all slicked-back black hair and piercing eyes and very particular tastes in men and women. He was a young up-and-comer then, just garnering attention for his flair for mutts and natural disasters in the arena. She remembers him very well, in fact, because he was the one who caused the avalanche that took out two remaining members of the Career pack but managed to spare Gloss. He licks his lips as she sits down across the table and opens her file. "Cashmere," he says in a low, slimy tone. "What a pleasant surprise." She takes a breath before answering. "The pleasure's all mine, believe me," she smiles, tearing into the consonants and knowing that it doesn't come out like her usual public-facing simper. If there's ever a time to drop the façade and play for real, it's now, so whatever. "What do you have for me?" Seneca shrugs. "Dexter gave us a convincing show," he says. "But I managed to take a peek at his kid's file from your Academy – Marvel, is it? He was a second choice. We know having a runner-up in the Career pack can make the Games rather interesting, but…" "But you want to know what Glimmer can do for you." Cashmere finishes. "Not for me specifically, but for the audience." Seneca licks his lips again. "And perhaps for me." Cashmere wants to rip his eyeballs out with her pointy, filed fingernails, but she holds it back. "Well, she's less of a wild card, but what she lacks in unreliability she makes up for in training." She opens the folder and fans out a few photos. "Top marks in image training and hand-to-hand combat, good with swords and spears, a little more shaky with ranged weapons but when her head's in the game, she's as solid as anyone else in there." "Interesting." Seneca nods thoughtfully. "She's a pretty girl." She grinds her teeth again and envisions his guts sprayed across the wall behind them. "Very." "Any requests?" This is where Cashmere's brain catches up with herself. Because she has two choices now. She's read