Hey all my fellow readers! So, I would like to say this is the second day of my winter spree! I am going to write a Christmas one-shot tomorrow and boy did I dedicate a lot of my time to writing these one shots. Once again, I had also made another one-shot called Under the Mistletoe, so go check that out because the tale has an unexpected twist to it! ;) Also, I am currently writing a Fanfiction story (once again Percabeth) called It's Her, Why Her?. If you hadn't checked it out, please do! The summaries and all that good information is at my profile so go check that out! Okay...this was a story that I fairly enjoyed writing. I do hope you like this chapter! Please review and tell me what YOU think personally! Also, I would like to thank all of my supporters and you viewers for even clicking on the story. Anyway, without further ado, enjoy and review and lastly, read on! :) -December 24: Christmas Eve- Annabeth POV: I will tell you the truth. Percy Jackson disappeared. It is true. It had already been a year. A year since he left to serve the army. A year since I suffered from heart ache. A year since I had doubts of his death though no mail had come. Is he fine? Is he happy? Did he somehow find a new girlfriend to replace me? I bit my lip, cuddling in my gingerbread themed blanket. Staring at the T.V. that was showing a romance movie, I breathed. If Percy was here at this day, then he would probably envelop me with so much kisses and snuggle with me. And when I would be falling asleep, he would whisper how much he loved me in my ear. And after that, he would probably sleep and snuggle with me, on the couch where the next morning I would probably pepper him with so much kisses... I shook away the depressing thoughts. Besides...he wouldn't come. I should stop thinking of him. But...don't you love him so much? Shut up Annabeth. Yanking the blankets to envelop me with warmth, I munched on the popcorn that I had made. Okay, make fun of me. I am just spending my whole Christmas Eve sulking on the couch watching random romance movies (or the best parts are the architecture tour channels), and just feasting on unhealthy good. I get it. But today somehow made me feel so depressed. I felt like I really had no purpose in living. Every day, since Percy had gone, I had became unhappier as days passed. Even the love of architecture kind of died down. Sure, I could be exploding with ideas and sketching in my notebook, but I really could not help but think of Percy. I love him so much. And every day without his kisses or his laughter on my lamest jokes... I wasn't perfect. I wasn't popular. I just...I was a loner at high school. Percy was there for me though...he stuck with a nerd... I shook my head, wiping the sudden tears that trickled down my cheeks. Foolish me. I am stupidly coping my problems by junk food and T.V. I had done really nothing effective. Unless it was sparkling the whole house with Christmas decorations, decorating my wall with Christmas assesorries...and lastly...sketching a picture of Percy and I on my bedroom wall...yeah...not much. Wait... Then thinking about it, I hadn't just been sulking. But why was I feeling like my day had no purpose? Well Annabeth, maybe if Percy was here to decorate WITH you, you might've thought you've done more work than you ever expected. Really Annabeth, shut up. I groaned, feeling a head ache form. Wow. Right before Christmas, I was already feeling depressed. I grasped the remote and turned off the T.V. Who cares about those romance films? All they do is make me miss Percy more. I set the untouched popcorn to the side, and decided to go to bed. Besides...it is one hour before midnight. It is natural to just stay in bed. Who cares if the popcorn will get soggy and disgusting in the morning? Who cares about the whole house getting dirty (though I probably will regret this thought the next morning)? All I ever wanted was to rest and stop thinking about Percy. Let him disappear out of my brain Santa. Not out of my heart though. Just out of my brain. I don't know how long my eyes were open but I felt absolutely miserable. It was midnight, and the cozy Christmas tree that lit up in my room to calm me down was making me anticipate more for Percy. I groaned, getting out of bed and decided to throw away the popcorn. I guess my germaphobic and OCD is acting up right now. I groaned, stepping out of my room and lighting up the whole apartment lights up. The cozy interior didn't even comfort me at this state. I grabbed the popcorn and threw it in the trash. Then, I rinsed the bowl and placed it inside the pantry. I wiped my hands on a kitchen towel and stared out of the window. The New York night sparkled beautifully, and I couldn't help but feel tears well up in my eyes. I guess it was too beautiful...right? Nothing personal...right? I crouched down, crying. I couldn't help but admit my aching heart. I miss you Percy. I miss being at this particular spot where you would pepper me with kisses and we'd fall asleep right here. Right here on the window ledge. I wiped the foolish tears, but nothing could help my lovesick state. I love you Percy. I really do. So just...come back. Please. I couldn't help it. Okay, I am a lovesick puppy. Okay? I grabbed a Christmas stationary, and wrote: Dear Santa, I just want one wish in Christmas. It isn't an object. Instead, it is my boyfriend, Percy Jackson. If you do not recognize that name in particular, it is Perseus Jackson. Well...my boyfriend is off in the war and is in the army. No news or letters had ever been sent. We completely lost connection. I don't know what happened, but no mails or any sort was sent. I miss him like crazy. I need him here with me. Santa, I really just want him for Christmas. I want him to be by my side. And if he is here, I want to restrict him from the army. And if he is dead...since no news had ever came out...let his ghost appear here. Please. Santa, it is cruel that I am foolishly coping over him. I need time of happiness. I am slowly becoming depressed. I don't want this to happen. I had lost 67 pounds the past year. Work is very stressful because...well...I had met many co-workers who depend on me. And Percy's childhood friend, Rachel Dare, chooses to make my life a living hell. I cannot stand the pain Santa. I know my childish wishes are coming, but if you could let Percy Jackson (or Perseus Jackson) here, I would love it. I love him deeply, and I just...am I in the naughty list? If I am, does that mean I don't deserve it? I just want him here...gosh, I plead you Santa! Please let him appear! For me Santa. This is Annabeth Chase, Percy's girlfriend. Just let him freakn' appear! I am impatient; I waited for a year, and absolutely no news had ever been sent. The army is so cruel to me. Or did he somehow write the wrong address? I am coping again in frustration. So Santa...please. I love him...my heart depends so much on him. I miss so much moments. I miss him...I miss him... I miss him. So please let him appear before me. Love, Annabeth Chase (Wise Girl) Dingaling! I groaned. Shut up alarm. But instead, I groggily sat up. But when I stared at the window, the sky was dark blue. Huh. I slowly sat up, knowing that definite sound. Is there a criminal? A robber? Well whoever you are, you came into the wrong destination. I slowly walked out of the door, feeling panic rise against my chest. Let's just say I wasn't wearing the most compatible outfit. I was wearing Percy's loose grey t-shirt with a peppermint themed pajama pants. I groaned, knowing that if someone ever harmed Percy's shirt, I will shred them to pieces. I still knew that a criminal or robber is first priority. I opened the door slowly, and heard a creak on the floor. Okay, someone is definitely here. Clenching my hands into fists, I witnessed my knuckles turn an unhealthy white. I slowly walked down the hallway until I faced a black shilloute in the back. "You. Back. Off," I yelled, but the figure didn't move. "I see you! Stand still or else," okay, I had to use this tactic. I rummaged through the vase and pointed my gun (don't worry...you'll see when it explodes...it's bubbles...ahem...) towards the figure. "Freeze or else you will instead find a bullet stuck in your thick skull." "Still using that tactic Annabeth?" the husky voice asked in an amused tone. I felt my heart race faster as I clutched the gun. Did this man know me? Wait...is he a stalker? I closed my eyes shut before readying the gun. "You really don't want to only experience the bullet on your skull." "You are so funny," a hoarse laughter filled the room and I felt instantly mocked. "Excuse me?!" I yelled. "Who are you to laugh at me?!" I stammered in embarrassment. I already felt my cheeks burn in embarrassment, and inferred that they were blushing. Wow cheeks. Way to totally make my feisty demeanor totally match my threatening words. "W-W-W-W-What did you steal?" I slowly walked closer with my "gun" right up front. He chuckled. "You don't need to point the gun at me. Besides, you are the most person that would regret shooting me with those bubbles," he laughed. "How do you know me?" I glared. "Are you a stalker? Or...wait...are you my father? Dad, get out of my face. You are not going to let my life a living hell anymore-" "Annabeth, lower the gun. Now," the deep, low voice muttered and somehow I dropped it. Wait...why? What was this man doing to me? "Who are you?" I yelled and he chuckled once more. "Annabeth, you have to close your eyes before I tell you." "You can harm me by me just closing my eyes," I threatened. "And I swear, if you hurt me I will make sure to search for my boyfriend all the way from his army camp and make sure he kicks your butt all the way to Kansas." "Oh, my dear Annabeth, your boyfriend doesn't need to do that," he chuckled again. Gosh, I hated his mocking laughs. "Drop your items. I dropped my gun, you drop your items." "But what if I have no items with me?" the voice questioned, and I bit my lip. "Well...reveal yourself." "No. You have to come here." "Excuse me?" "Come here." "NO!" "Come. Here." "No. I. Won't." "Then I guess you won't see my identity," the voice sighed. Somehow sadness was tinted with it and I blinked a couple of times. What was this man? I groaned, feeling something pound fast in my chest. Probably my heart. Groaning, I mumbled, "If you are...busy...then I have proposition. We will enter together. I will take a step towards the tree, and you walk here to the tree. We will reveal ourselves at this moment and then...you tell me who you are. I won't reveal you out in jail if you reveal yourself. And after that, I will check if you have any money or any thing that you stole from me, and I will kick you afterwards. How does that sound?" A groan escaped the