Hey all my fantastic readers! So, today I planned to write a one shot and this is my first one shot story so...yay! Anyways, it is going to be fairly long so stay tuned! Anyways, please enjoy as well as review! Thank you! :D :D :D Annabeth POV: "OPEN THE DOOR ALREADY!" Percy yelled in an exasperated tone. I didn't reply, just sipping coffee while reading The One by Kiera Cass. "Please! Annabeth, if you open the-," "EEW!" I heard a girl scream. "A man is in the girl's dormitory hallway!" I giggled silently, but stopped when I imagined Percy's flushed face. Gosh, I was being cruel. Should I open the door? I heard more banging on the door, and I lost my patience. I walked towards the door, opening it. "Annabeth-," "What?" I shouted when I opened the door. His face was red as a tomato. "Let me in," he squeaked. "Make it quick," I said, and he walked inside. I plopped down on the couch as Percy stood in front of me. I grabbed my book, beginning to read until I saw Percy's fingers grip tightly on the book. He yanked it away from my hands and put it down on the coffee table. Then I looked up at him, who was staring directly at me with frustration in his eyes. "Listen," Percy said. "Why do you keep avoiding me?" "What are you-," "Stop lying," Percy's cheeks got red. "Why do you keep avoiding me? When I sit by at your table in lunch, you'd make all sorts of excuses whether to go to the restroom or you forgot something in your dormitory and go away until lunch hours are over. You keep the conversations very short when I want to talk to you. And when I asked you to partner up on English, you go away and partner up with Luke. What's your problem?" "Look," I said, glaring at him. "If you're trying to talk about this with me, the first thing that pops up in my head is your stupidity." "Annabeth-," "Percy, can't you just leave me alone?" I asked, irritated. "Just tell me," Percy said. "Why do you keep ignoring me?" "Because," I said. Should I tell him the truth? Should I tell him that I am avoiding him because I like him, and I want to get over him because he is the Mr. Popular in college and I am out of his league? Should I really just spat that in his face? No...I shouldn't. That would be embarrassing. Make a lie...make a lie... "Tell me!" Percy shouted, his sea-green eyes staring at mine. I gulped. "Because..." I said. "You're annoying! You always cling on to me, as if I am your magnet or something! It's annoying! I want space Percy! And clearly you don't understand that. All you do is ask me to tutor you and help you ace classes, but life isn't that way! Learn yourself, or just ask Rachel! She seems to like you...clearly! And besides, why are you asking me these questions? Do you like me? Why can't you just leave me alone? I have a life, and so do you Percy. Don't waste it on asking me dumb questions and embarrassing yourself to just come here at the girl's dormitory. Gosh, just leave me alone Percy. You're seriously annoying. I hate you. So just go." Percy's eyes flashed hurt, and I immediately regretted my words. But I couldn't just go apologize again. I guess my words are sealed, and there is no going back. I like Percy Jackson. But it is the time for me to get over him. I stared at Percy, and his face turned red. "You know what Annabeth?" Percy said. "I used to like you. I used to think you were really nice. And I used to think you weren't some type of girl that would just act and say these words to someone who came just to talk to you. I wasn't being rude at all Annabeth. You greeted me rudely, you were reading when I entered, and right when I was going to ask the reason, you didn't even word it nicely. You just said it harshly. You know Annabeth, I thought you as a really kind, shy, and smart person. I never knew your dark side was this bad. You're so rude, and thinking about you right now angers me. I may regret my words in the future, but so far, I don't. Actually...I'll never think my words as a mistake. Because don't you deserve it?" Ouch. "Well Percy? I don't really care what you think. All I want to say to you is that I don't like you, that's all. And call me rude. But seriously, I could decline you rudely if I want," I spat. "Of course," Percy said, his eyes looking angry. "Isn't it because you can't interpret human emotions? Isn't that why you're being this rude? Or is it that you are naturally rude? Yeah...that's probably the reason..." Ooh...that stung. "Percy? Just get out of here!" I shouted, throwing a pillow at him which he immediately caught. Screw his fast reflexes. "I will. And Annabeth?" I stared at him. "I am really disappointed that I liked a person like you. So as you wanted, I will respect your decisions." "Percy..." I said. "Just. Get. Out." "I will your majesty," Percy said, and stormed out of my dormitory and closed the door. Once he was gone, I cried, holding the pillow that was beside me. Our relationship is so hard. But hey...I need to get over him. Those words were not only meant for Percy. They were also meant for me. But... He liked me. And I threw that away. I have to go away from him I can't possibly like him. He's a jerk. And I guess I can never really love him anymore. Weeks passed and Percy avoided me. I didn't even stare at him back. But at the same time, I felt a tensed feeling when he would walk past me, laughing with Grover, Jason, Frank, and Leo. They were all having fun. I decided to have fun with Hazel, Calypso, and Piper. I decided that one boy can't stop me from living a normal life. The poison can't go that far. Until now. I've made a hard situation. The weeks that passed by were torture. I tried to focus on my notes at class, but I couldn't help stare at Percy who was listening carefully to Mr. Brunner. Percy only focused to Mr. Brunner, and my heart sank. If I could talk to him... But then I would be a hypocrite. I told him to go away and I don't back off. I can't possibly like Percy Jackson after he went away. Shouldn't I be glad that he's gone? But those words he told me struck me like a bullet, and I couldn't help but scream mentally. Not in class of course...but in my head. Everything is so frustrating. No...love is frustrating. Every thing about college is so stupid. I thought I could learn and have fun exactly how Mom said. But everything is twisting and turning into something I never expected. It became harder, and since love overpowered me, I am in love with Percy. And once I discovered that feeling, I was so afraid of love that I threw it away. And now, I am empty except I am breaking inside. My heart is like a heart shaped glass that is so fragile and is getting splattered with black ink. And if anything pushes me, the heart will break. "Annabeth Chase, are you listening?" Mr. Brunner asked. A few snickered and I blushed. "Yes..." I said, and Percy only stared at me. My heart quickened its pace as Mr. Brunner looked back at the board. "So the Greeks..." But Percy and my eyes were locked together until he turned away, fully ignoring me. I shifted back into listening to Mr. Brunner, knowing that one guy can't stop me from having a great college year... Right? "Frank...I have a huge favor," I said, and Frank smiled. "Anything Annabeth...anyways...I have a favor too after you say yours..." Frank said, blushing. "You can start first..." I said. "So about Hazel..." "Yeah?" "I want to secretly meet her at your dormitory to sing my song I made for her...I want to ask her out and..." "Keep on going..." "And she's your roommate...and I just wondered if you could like go out for a few hours and come back. I'll be done by then. Please?" "I was just going to ask if I could visit your dormitory..." "For what reason?" Frank said. "Percy..." "Annabeth..." Frank said, his eyes staring at me with caring eyes. "I understand you might've said harsh words to Percy, but I don't think he ever wants to see you again." "But-," "I'm sorry. I want to help you so bad but...Percy really needs some time to think about this whole matter. He's pretty upset you know..." "Please Frank. Just let me talk to him. Please..." "Annabeth...Percy is really mad. If he sees you at the dorm, he's going to scream. He hates you..." "I understand," I said, a flash of hurt piercing through my heart. My heart is soon going to burst if I hear anymore of what Frank is going to say. "Thanks though. You're a good friend. Just...take care of Percy..." "Okay..." Frank said, and his eyes looked down. "I'm really sorry Annabeth. I want to help you but Percy...I want to respect my friend's decision." "Alright," I said, and walked off. I finally reached my dormitory when I saw Piper and Jason laughing. I hid in a corner of the wall, and saw Piper and Jason kiss each other and laugh. I wished I could go to Percy. Tears welled up in my eyes as I tried to hide them. Don't cry. Don't even dare. If you do... They didn't even consider my threat. The tears slipped out of my eyes as I wiped them. How could love be this cruel to me? How can- "Annabeth?" Jason asked. Piper stared at me, and when she saw my tears she rushed towards me. "You alright?" Piper asked. "I'm fine..." I said. "How are you guys doing?" "He's...Annabeth, I don't want to tell unless you tell me what's wrong." "I...look...I am really fine..." "Jason...this is something private..." "Is it about Percy?" Jason asked and I froze. "No...it's not-," "I could see through that Annabeth," Jason said, and his eyes softened up. "You know...Percy misses you..." "What?" "Percy misses you..." Jason said. "He really likes you. Still. I could see through that. Of course Percy acts tough but he likes you..." "Frank said-," "Frank is respecting Percy's decisions. But he really doesn't see the real Percy. He is crying, wanting to talk to you again. He's trying to forget you Annabeth. And sadly, he's failing a little bit every single day. I know what you said was really wrong. It was really rude..." Piper backed up. "Hey," she said. "Annabeth-," "It was rude Beauty Queen," Jason said to Piper. "Sparky, you have to-," "I don't want to let you guys fight because of me," I said quickly and Piper hugged Jason. "Annabeth...we're talking about this later." "Annabeth," Jason said. "Do you want to meet Percy?" I nodded. "If you want to, sneak towards his dormitory. Floor five, room eight. Make him happy, okay?" "Jason, Frank told me-," "I ship you guys," Jason said, and smiled. "I hate seeing his distressed. Just apologize, okay?" "Okay..." "Now Beauty Queen...let me buy you some coffee at the café," he said and Piper laughed. As they walked away, I knew I had to make things right. I like Percy Jackson. And he's hurt. And I need to mend things quickly as possible. I wore black skinny jeans and a grey shirt. I wore a black hoodie over that,