Hey everybody! I am theartnerd333, a story writer of It's Her, Why Her? Anyway, this is a three day spree for me where I upload cute Christmas one shots. The next stories will be uploaded on December 24th and December 25th, as separate. So please go check them out the next day and so on so forth! Also, I would like to thank all of you guys who are reading this for just clicking on it. I hope you like it! Now, without further ado, please enjoy this story I present! Oh, and don't forget to review and tell me what YOU think! :) -December 23- Annabeth POV: "Percy, stop flirting in class," I muttered, writing the reaction that just occurred to the mixture. Percy sighed, staring at me. "Well I guess the only real person I have to flirt for is you," he whispered in my ear and I couldn't believe my own heart. My cheeks were flaming red and I couldn't help but roll my eyes. "Shut up Percy. You know I hate you-" "You mean I know that you love me," he whispered again and I pulled away, glaring at him. "Are you even going to help me with the reactions? I want to test the reactions now. I don't want you to keep bothering me constantly." "Fine, fine, fine," he muttered, rolling his eyes as I wrote the next reaction when I placed iodine in the tube. A strand of hair covered my face and I pulled it back. I really wished I could have a rubber band but I didn't have any. It was annoying. I seriously checked everywhere; in the house, in my backpack, everywhere. But I could not face one of them and that was the frustrating part. I groaned, tucking in the same strand that had covered me from my studying. Arg. "Need help?" Percy asked and I looked up. He was holding a rubber band. "Give me that-" "Here. Let me tie it for you," Percy had swiftly taken a strand of hair and tied it up for me. "There. You look way better like that...although I do think your hair down makes you look more sexier." I shot him my death glare. "Okay, okay, I'll stop," he put his hands up in defeat. I sighed, tapping my pencil as I waited for another reaction. "Thanks though," I muttered. "No problem." "Lab partner, are you seriously going to ignore me? This is a project and-" "Stop ruining the fun of winter break," I muttered under my breath. He scoffed, "What do you mean I am ruining the fun of winter break? You're the one that is trapping me in this room to finish the biology homework!" "I am an overachiever you idiot! I don't want you to ruin my scholarship award! This scholarship award is for me. This scholarship means so much to me, and I have to be in this school to-" His face was so close to mine. I gulped, trying to stop myself from the unknown fast pace of my heart. I bit my lip, somehow looking deeply at Percy's sea-green orbs. They were beautiful. His raven black hair made him look adorable, and his eyes somehow averted to mine. I felt like I was under a spell. A spell that I could not turn away from. This was a spell that was meant for me, a spell that I struggled to break. A spell that slowly lured me in a trap. I could see him staring at my lips, just staring at them as if he wanted to kiss them. Something inside of me felt a huge spark in my heart, and I felt like a bomb had been launched in me. And boy, did it explode. Sparks and tingles had traveled up my spine and downwards, to my neck or arms. I could not help but look at his eyes, whose direction was again, still on my lips. I wanted to kiss him. The urge to just pull him into one was ever so tempting. I wanted to show him how much I had a feeling for him, a feeling that I had discovered but cannot admit. A feeling that my mind keeps telling me to stop, but my heart tells other wise. A feeling of liking the bad boy. Once that struck me, I realized our position. He was weirdly hovering over me, and his arms trapped me. I could not help but hear sirens telling me to back off. This wasn't right. This really wasn't. This wasn't- I pushed him aside. Percy tumbled back a bit, and stared at me. I bit my lip, staring at the floor in embarrassment. What was I thinking? If he was going to kiss me...would it have any meaning? He is a player, after all. And also...if he wasn't...was he just playing around with my feelings? I turned away and Percy shifted to the side. "Forget...forget that happened!" I mumbled and he turned around to the door. "Of course." And when he walked out the door so abruptly, I could not function except thinking; what was that for? "Piper! I am coming; give me a sec," I ate the frosting on my fingers before wiping the spit on my fingers on a towel. Running towards the door, I immediately said, "So, I had baked gingerbread cookies and..." my voice trailed off only to see Percy biting his lip. "Hey...Annabeth..." he blushed. So weird. Is this a dream? Why on earth is he blushing in front of me? "Hey Percy, are you alright?" I abruptly touched his cheeks and a gasp escaped my mouth. His cheeks were flaming hot...but not only that but...his eyes widened with my gesture. I jerked my hands away from his cheek. "Sorry...it was just that you were blushing and it was strange...just like...you know...a sort of friendly reaction?" I asked and he laughed. "Wow Annabeth. What, are we now friends?" he smirked and gosh, I just wanted to wipe that smirk out of his face. "Well...if you want..." I blushed and he smiled. I stared up at him shyly and his grin was beautiful. His perfect lips seemed kissable, and his hair was not combed into perfection. Instead, it was wavy and messy, which made his bad boy style an upgrade. His sea-green eyes sparkled with amusement, and I couldn't help but bite my lip. "You know Annabeth, it is okay if you are a lovesick about me," he winked with a smirk plastered afterwards. "I seriously don't blame you." I playfully slapped his shoulder and he laughed. "So..." I muttered, realizing my friendly attitude that I wanted to not show. "Why are you here?" "I am actually here to invite you to my party," he laughed and I glared at him. "What, is this really a way to humiliate me further?" I questioned him with a suspicious look. "Not really...though I had considered that," Percy joked. My face instantly drained its healthy color and Percy sighed. "It's a joke Annabeth, a joke. Calm down," he muttered and I rolled my eyes. "Deal with my serious disposition," I muttered and he smiled. "I dealt with it from the start," he replied. "Right," I blushed and his face cracked a smile. "So...are you coming?" he asked, with hope that filled across his face. How could I decline with such hope sparkled his eyes. "Coming. Is it today?" I asked and he cracked a smile. "Yeah. Here's the address," he immediately gave me a crinkled paper. Typical Percy. "Thanks," I blushed and he smiled. "See you there." "You don't need to state." And I closed my door, breathing heavily. Wait...why? It was strange but I couldn't help but feel so much sparks inside me. Annabeth, you got to calm down. I stared at the gingerbread cookies and the sudden urge to give them to Percy struck my mind. Running and grabbing the tray of cookies, I ran out of the dorm only to find Percy walk towards the elevator. "PERCY!" I yelled. "Huh?" he swerved around only for me to pant. "Cookies...gingerbread cookies...for party..." I muttered, a shy smile creeping against my lips. "Thanks," he winked, grabbing the cookies and finally said, "See you at the party." And when the elevator door closed, I felt like my legs were plain jelly. Wait. No. I hate him. Hate him. I hate Percy Jackson. Right? "It's a simple party, right?" I mumbled, staring at the olive green cardigan waiting at my wardrobe. "Not exactly. Lots and lots of people are going to be there," Piper replied. "ARG!" I yelled in frustration. "He told me that it was a small party." "You have to know that his definition of small is this," Piper laughed. "He's filthy rich. He is a player. He is care free and-" "I get it, okay?" I mumbled and she cracked a smile. "Don't stress about it Annabeth. We know you like the cocky bad boy but-" "NO!" I yelled and she chuckled harder. "Don't try to lie to the love sensor," she smirked and I turned away. "Do you think this is good enough?" I mumbled, biting my lip while blushing. "It isn't Percy's ideal outfit that he is rather attracted of but it is safe for parties," Piper muttered. "Okay..." my voice trailed off as I stared at my reflection in the mirror. My blonde curls were tied in a messy bun; I had worn a white V-neck and black skinny jeans only to be followed by black combat boots. With a olive green cardigan hunched over, I added just a bit of a strawberry pink lip stick followed by a very small coating of mascara. There. I looked...bearable? I sighed, staring at Piper who was grinning. "Why are you staring at me weirdly?" I asked, feeling slightly uncomfortable. "It's just that you look nice...that's all," she grinned and turned around. "Now, do you want to go?" Biting my lip, I slowly walked out of the dorm room with Piper. Ding dong! Piper gave me a warm smile before Jason opened the door. "Hey Annabeth!" he smiled at me until looking at Piper. His eyes that was first sparkling with happiness changed when watching Piper. And seriously, I couldn't blame him. Piper was wearing a dark purple dress with a black cardigan after. Her dress was elegant, and it fit her curves beautifully. She was wearing black heels that were actually very stylish. Her hair was styled in a beautiful braid and her make up made her face stand out from the rest. Her kaleidoscope eyes looked defined with the heavy mascara she put on herself. With red lipstick, she smiled brightly at Jason. "Merry Christmas," she exclaimed. "M-M-Merry Christmas Piper," he stammered. "Why, are you dazed by my beauty?" Piper joked and Jason scratched his neck. "Maybe," he whispered and that was when Piper's eyes widened. Before any other awkwardness came in hand, I jumped right in saying, "Why don't we all go in and you know...maybe eat some punch or something?" "Yeah," Piper exclaimed. "Come on Jason!" And practically, they ditched me at that spot. I sighed, entering the house shyly. Percy's house was absolutely big. His father was one of the three principals in Jupiter University. I know, this might be confusing but frankly speaking...it was nothing strange. Percy was the son of the unique school's principal, Poseidon. That is why instead of renting a dorm, he could just party along at his house. That jerk. But that wasn't his fault. He was that spoiled boy that I know. There was nothing much to change from him. I walked down to the dance floor where so much people were dancing. I was pushed and shoved aside, only to be followed by glares. Not a safe place. I retreated out of the dance floor. Standing at the corner, I just watched everyone dancing like their lives depended on it. Feeling a