Author's Notes: In this Alternate Universe, Voldemort took over the magical world during the First War, and Harry grows up under his regime. There is no Boy-Who-Lived and no prophecy in this version, but Harry will be special in other ways. Also, this is a very dark story. AND YES, THERE WILL BE HARRY/DRACO SLASH AND PRE-SLASH. Heaps of it. Mountains of it. Don't say I didn't warn you... Now that we've gotten all that out of the way, thanks for reading! PROLOGUE HIS WORLD o A hundred newspapers have been hastily tacked onto the walls, all of them yellowed and smudged after years of neglect. But that doesn't matter. They show exactly what they need to. January 3rd, 1979. THE DARK LORD, CAPABLE OF ABSORBING MAGIC? Beneath the headline is a picture of a dozen Muggle-borns trembling and sobbing, freshly turned into Squibs. June 10th, 1980. HANGINGS IN HOGSMEADE. Two men named Remus Lupin and James Potter swing from the rafters, their expressions of defeat and exhaustion clearly visible in the image, burned on their faces even in death. July 31st, 1980. There is no headline for this picture of a red-faced and bawling newborn. Tacked next to it is the birth certificate of a boy named Harry James Potter. It does nothing to brighten the room. September 2nd, 1980. BATTLE OF HOGWARTS LOST. The castle burns bright with flames. A triumphant skull and serpent hovers in the sky, washing the bodies littering the ground with eerie green light. September 10th, 1980. DUMBLEDORE'S FUNERAL DRAWS THOUSANDS OF MOURNERS. A white casket sinks into the ground. Countless figures in black robes stand around it, their heads bowed. April 1st, 1981. THE MINISTRY HAS FALLEN. The highlight of this picture is a statue made of black stone, a statue of a witch and wizard sitting on an intricate throne of naked Muggles. Engraved at the statue's feet are the words MAGIC IS MIGHT. The Ministry in which the statue sits has been rebuilt from the ground up. The old Ministry currently lies crushed beneath a thousand feet of dirt. April 2nd, 1981. BRITAIN SURRENDERS. There is no picture for this particular headline. There is no need for one. After April 1981, the images and words blur together, and the new Daily Prophet makes it clear where it stands. Its articles all convey the same message now. MUDBLOODS TO APPEAR BEFORE COURT. THE DARK LORD TO REDEFINE EDUCATION, APPOINTS NEW HOGWARTS PROFESSORS. BLOOD DOMINION ESTABLISHED. The countless pictures tell a bleak story, and no recent pages have been tacked onto the wall, as if the person putting them up no longer sees any point. The story of the most powerful Dark wizard of all time has already been told to death, after all. There is nothing left to tell. In fact, there is nothing left at all. This is Voldemort's world now. CHAPTER ONE THE BOY WITH NO SCAR o THE DARK LORD CONQUERS FRANCE was the headline ten years later. Beneath it was a picture of the former Eiffel Tower, cleaved clean in half and surrounded by dancing flames. Eleven-year-old Harry Potter traced the edges of the photo with his finger, his breath catching. Serpents and chimaeras rose from the fire, dwarfing the Eiffel Tower in size and might. Fiendfyre? Harry had read about it, in one of the books Snape had given him— His mother dropped the plate she was holding, and Harry winced at the sound of shattering glass. Putting the paper away, he turned to face her. Lily stood frozen in the middle of the kitchen among shards of porcelain. Her blank eyes stared off into the distance, focusing on nothing in particular. Then she raised her spidery hands to tear at her own face. Dread pulsed sluggishly through Harry's veins. "Mum?" he tried, hopping off his stool and approaching her like he would a sleeping dragon. "Mum, let's go. Stop that— stop!" He clasped her hands in his to prevent her from ripping her skin off and led her away from the dangerous shards. She bent her head down and went with him obediently, letting out gasps as jagged as the pieces of plate on the ground. Her hair was lank and greasy, gray-streaked. Harry supposed she must have been pretty a long time ago. He had seen the pictures of his parents—his father had died a month before Harry was born—and they had both been glorious in their prime. After depositing his mother in one of the chairs, he went back to the broken plate, trying to determine the best way to get rid of the mess. He snuck a look at his mother, biting his lip. She seemed preoccupied. Her little choked gasps had turned into full-fledged sobs by now, but he would go to comfort her in a second. First, he had to clean up a bit. She wouldn't notice. Probably. If she did, he was dead. Harry closed his eyes and concentrated. Magic rushed through him like wind through a tube, sending sparks flying across his skin and heating up the air around him. He flicked his wrist, and every single piece of the plate disappeared. He took a deep breath, allowing himself a small smile. Using his magic exhilarated him. He could use it all day and never get tired. But Lily had noticed. In a split second she was upon him, scrabbling at his arms with her ragged nails. "Don't you dare, Harry! Don't you dare use that unnatural, obscene magic in my house. It's magic like the Dark Lord's, and I can't breathe when you use it. But you won't stop doing it, no matter how many times I beg you to stop!" Harry stumbled backwards, covering his face and trying to escape her outstretched claws. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I just—I didn't want to cut myself cleaning it up—" Lily grabbed him by the hair, and he stopped talking. He knew what was coming. He'd gone through it a hundred times, every time he had dared to use his wandless magic in front of her. She slapped him—hard. He tore himself away from her, and Lily collapsed to the floor, sobbing harder than ever, as if the slap had hurt her more than it had hurt him. Playing the victim, is she? screamed a voice in Harry's head. "Oh, Harry, I'm so sorry. Please, please don't use that magic. Oh, it smells so awful in here when you do that. Please believe me. Harry, I don't want to hurt you. Don't do it. Please don't do it. It's not natural. It's wrong, wrong, wrong, it's exactly like his…" Lily rocked back and forth, cradling her head in her arms. Harry dabbed at his smarting cheek, shaking violently, more with rage than fear. His magic didn't stink. He had never smelled anything. He turned his head away so she couldn't see the hard expression on his face. He knew his mother's instability was the effect of countless horrifying memories and Dark curses and years of torture from the First War. He knew it wasn't her fault. But it didn't change how much he hated her. He so desperately wanted to leave this house and never see Lily again. He'd been counting down the days until he could go to Hogwarts, no matter what Lily said about it being the most hellish place on earth after the Dark Lord took it over. Any place, even Hogwarts, would be better than being here, with his mother, having to clean up her messes and then getting yelled at for it. Harry took a moment to dream of going to Diagon Alley to get his school supplies, then soured. Snape was supposed to visit today and take them there, but of course Lily was in no state to go right now. "What will people at Hogwarts say, if they see you using your magic?" said Lily unexpectedly, jolting Harry out of his thoughts. He stared at her, and she held his gaze. "The professors there are the eyes and ears of the Dark Lord. They'll watch you, and when they find out about how you can use wandless magic so unnaturally, so filthily , they'll think you're a threat. They'll come for you at night, Harry, so you'd better keep it a secret." She started laughing, and it was a wild, brittle sort of laugh. "They'll come for you, like they came for your father and Remus, and strip you of your flesh, and keep you alive while they do it, just like they did to them—" At that moment, green flames burst to life in the fireplace. Snape stepped out of it, his black robes swirling behind him. His eyes lingered on Harry's red cheek and Lily's tear-stained face. "Go upstairs, boy," said Snape curtly, not wasting a minute. It wasn't the first time he'd walked into Lily and Harry fighting, and everyone was quite used to the routine by now. "Your presence only aggravates her further. Why can you not do what she asks? Is your mother's well-being worth less than showing off your magic?" "You know she has no reason to hate my magic," Harry spat out, stung by Snape's tone. He wasn't sure why he was so hurt in the first place. He'd hoped for years that Snape would take Harry's side over Lily's, but the world was more likely to end. Snape looked at Lily like she was the sun, and looked at Harry like he was something on the bottom of a shoe. "She is your mother," Snape said, helping Lily to her feet while Harry retreated to the bottom of the stairs. "And you will listen to her orders, no matter what her reasons for those orders are." He turned his back on Harry, his full attention on Lily now. He murmured soothing words to her as he led her into the parlor, the harsh lines of his face softening. Lily rested her head on his shoulder, taking deep breaths. Harry watched their entwined figures for a moment, not sure what the expression on his own face was, then climbed up to the stairs as quietly as he could. Snape had never liked him, Harry knew that much. But unlike Lily, Snape had never hurt him, and he was the only one who could calm Lily down during one of her episodes, which was why he visited the little hut in Godric's Hollow at least once a week. And even though he was a Death Eater, he had been the one who had convinced the Dark Lord to leave both Harry and Lily alone after the war was won. Snape even brought Harry books sometimes, books on the Dark Arts that were filled with information on fascinating curses, little presents that made it clear he acknowledged Harry's existence. Then again, he hadn't ever been the sort of father figure that Harry had always fantasized about, and he would never become that figure. He tolerated Harry only because of Lily, something Harry had painfully realized after years of failed attempts to earn Snape's affection. Harry stumbled into his room and slammed the door shut behind him. He caught a glimpse of his reflection—and his glowing red cheek—in the vanity mirror and felt his rage stutter back to life, more potent than ever. He hadn't ever used his wandless magic against his mother. Sometimes he wanted to, especially on days like today. He could hurt her back, avenge all the slaps, the hair-pulling, the screaming. But she was so fragile, so broken, that Harry could not raise a hand against her. Hurting her would've been like kicking a yapping, biting little dog. He would have been pleased with himself for about five seconds, and then he would have felt like a monster. And perhaps he still held onto that little sliver of hope that her sanity would return and she would finally be a real mother to him. She