Author's Notes: THIS IS A SEQUEL! The first book in this series is "The Shadow Lord." You will probably need to read that one to understand anything. ALSO, OBLIGATORY DRARRY SLASH WARNING/ENTICEMENT. And before you ask, the magic history/magic system stuff in this story is NOT canon, though I tried to make it somewhat plausible. This is a full alternate universe, not just a canon divergence. I made most of this stuff up. I'm sorry. Don't attempt to connect it to canon. Anyway, without further ado… welcome to Year 2. There is a lot of information at the start, but the action starts soon, I promise. CHAPTER ONE A SUMMER OF SYNESIS o A couple days into the summer holidays, Harry could be found lying awake in bed long past midnight, talking to a book. A book that also happened to talk back. " I am not a book," insisted The Lost Artes of Summoning, sounding extremely put out. Harry had heard it speak several times by now, but he still couldn't figure out if the book was conversing with him inside his head or actually saying words out loud. Harry suspected he was the only one who could hear it, in any case. The book had tried to talk to Harry at Hogwarts during the last week of school, perhaps in an attempt to help him, and had kept up a constant, annoying stream of chatter. Because he hadn't had much privacy to respond to it in either the library or in his dorm, he'd asked it to shut up. The book had been sulking since then, and Harry suspected it was hiding some, if not most, of its information from him in revenge for his rudeness. "If you're not a book, then what are you?" he asked, stroking the book's tattered black cover like he would stroke a cat. The book quivered in what was probably indignant fury. "I? I am Synesis, a Sapience demon of the highest rank. The man who wrote this book summoned me and trapped me within its pages, wanting to preserve knowledge on something more lasting than paper." There was a pause. "Does this mean you're talking to me now?" "Yes. What exactly is a Sapience demon?" asked Harry, who was only mildly surprised by this newest revelation. What else could a talking book be, if not a demon? Of course, there were definitely some talking books in the Hogwarts library, and in other ancient archives, but none were as sentient as this one. Harry flipped to one of the pages he had bookmarked. He had seen the word Sapience—written the demon language, of course—embedded in various descriptions. From context clues, he had determined that it was a type of demon, but the book did not clarify. Whenever he opened the book, its telltale helix-shaped letters—it had taken a while, but Harry had finally found the closest English word to describe the look of the strange, inhuman language—rose off the page, glowing and pulsing. Harry could maneuver the floating, colorful letters with his fingers, and could scroll down to reveal more. "Sapience," Harry muttered under his breath, seizing a group of green letters and shoving them aside. They spun rapidly in the air like tops for a moment, then disappeared, and the book slammed itself shut. " No touching!" Harry stared at the book, taken aback. Had he done something wrong? Failed to follow some secret demon etiquette? He'd been manhandling the letters for more than a week now, and the book had never thrown a tantrum like this. " Let me talk!" said the book—or Synesis, Harry supposed he should call it. "You've been reading me for a while now, but nothing will make sense without me to explain it to you. Will you listen to me? Nobody ever listens to me, and they shove me in a bookshelf for hundreds of years, and then nobody picks me up until Abraxas Malfoy, but he can't even hear me speak!" Synesis trembled again, pausing its rant, and Harry wondered if it was on the verge of tears. "And then another boy that looks like him picks me up, and then I find you, and you can hear me, but you don't listen to me and don't talk to me, and you tell me to shut up for weeks—" "Okay, okay, I'll listen now. I'll listen well," said Harry, stroking the book's spine and trying to calm it down. This particular demon reminded him of a petulant child. It was nothing like the truly demonic Hunger he had faced in the Forbidden Forest last year. He wondered how dangerous Synesis was, and decided not to invoke its fury any more than he already had, just in case. " Good." Synesis wriggled in Harry's arms, making itself comfortable. Then it opened up again, and this time, the words hovering above its pages explained exactly what Harry needed them to. " All Sapience demons," said Synesis importantly, as Harry read the words in the air, "are born with a vast collection of knowledge. Because I am a Rank Seven Sapience, I am one of the most intelligent beings alive." In his studies, Harry had spotted the words "Rank" and "Mark" scattered over the book as well, often accompanied by a number. 'Rank' appeared to refer to a demon—and Harry supposed that Rank Seven was the highest, while Rank One was the lowest—while 'Mark' referred to the complexity of a particular summoning circle. The easiest circles to make were all Mark One circles. "Sapience, Astral, Sisyphean, Pestilence, Templar, Psyche, and Leviathan," said Harry, reading the glowing words and mumbling to himself. "These are the seven races of demons. Each race has seven ranks, then?" " Yes!" said Synesis. "You want to learn how to summon, don't you? I could teach how to do it, and show you everything in my book. But I don't like you, because you told me to shut up. I won't teach you if you don't talk to me every single day. Why didn't you talk to me before?" "It would have looked weird," Harry said through gritted teeth, unable to believe the audacity of this stupid book…demon… thing, "if people saw me talking to a book. There are a ton of people in my dormitory. It's only been about two weeks since I found you, anyway, and I always meant to speak to you. We have the entire summer alone now, for me to talk to you and for you to teach me." " I am not a talking book," said Synesis in a pompous voice. "I am a Rank Seven Sapience." Harry resisted the urge to chuck the book into the wall. "Will you teach me? Please? I'm sorry." Synesis hesitated, and Harry could almost feel the sadistic glee emanating from it. "Maybe. But why should I? I don't like humans very much. I haven't met many. But one of them trapped me in a book, the rest of them couldn't even hear me, and you ignored me. If I want to, I can just close this book forever, and you'd never, EVER learn anything from me." Harry took a deep breath, praying for patience. Synesis might not be dangerous, but it could sure hold a grudge. Harry had never met anyone as infuriating as this book in his life, except perhaps Theodore Nott, whose face Harry regularly imagined punching. Speaking of Nott, the boy had been exceptionally annoying the last month of term, always touching and talking to Draco and giving Harry smug looks over his shoulder in class. Harry had devised about twenty different ways to kill him, all of which involved ingenious torture methods that would make Dolohov beam with pride. " Are you even listening to me?" said Synesis, jolting Harry out of his thoughts. "I said, what will you do for me in return, if I let you use my book and show you how to summon?" A chill ran down Harry's spine. Give and take. The rule demons lived by. Each gift had a price. Harry had learned that firsthand when the Hunger had sucked out his magic. "What—what do you want?" said Harry in a halting voice. Synesis's pages fluttered in a breeze that wasn't there, and Harry shivered. "I want you to free me, and send me back home—to my realm. I'll teach you how to release me, and I'll teach you anything else you want me to, and I'll let you use my book. As long as you promise you'll let me go." Harry wavered, staring at the innocent-looking book. He didn't trust it, not at all. It was most likely harmless when it was trapped in a book, but Harry had no idea what it would do once it was freed. What did demons even look like in their natural form? Did they drift around like ghosts? The Hunger had appeared to Harry as Draco last year, though Harry still wasn't sure if that was an illusion or the actual Hunger in human form—he suspected it was the former. In any case, he had surmised from his reading that very few of them could survive for long on Earth without an attachment to a living creature or object. Oxygen was toxic to them. " If I say yes, when do you want me to free you?" Harry asked, making it clear that he wasn't agreeing to anything yet. Synesis was quiet for a while, and Harry supposed it was sulking again. "Free me on the summer solstice, Litha, next year. June 21 st , 1993." Harry was sure the room's temperature had plunged. His hands were clammy all of a sudden. The date felt ominous, foreboding, inexplicably wrong to him. "That's not the way we're doing it," Harry said at once, and Synesis writhed in his hands, screeching like an angry cat. Harry held it tightly, not letting it intimidate him. He was going to haggle with the damn demon until it gave him exactly what he wanted. He had been burned enough by the Hunger, and Synesis wasn't going to get a hit in too. "I don't even care about summoning that much, not really. How do I even know it'll be useful to me? What if, by the time next year comes around, you haven't taught me anything good? What do you have to offer me? Without me, you're trapped in this book forever, with nobody to talk to and nobody to release you, so I'll be the one asking for things." Synesis stilled, and for one horrible second Harry was certain it was going to start screaming again. But it didn't. " I'll tell you how useful I can be. I am the smartest demon, and demon magic is much more powerful than wizard magic. If you listen to me, and if you talk to me, I can teach you how to be the most powerful wizard in the world. So, listen." Harry listened. When our realm was first created, it was empty of everything but two eternally warring gods: Control and Chaos. For countless years, these gods battled, laying waste to the land. Finally, each dealt the other a killing blow, and both gods shattered. The wind scattered the gods' remains through the skies, like plants scatter seeds, and on the day we call the Anthesis, or the Blossoming, our kind was born. We demons bloomed from the shards of Chaos, and the incredible magic that we wield arose from the shards of Control. We worship Chaos because it is what we are made of, and Control submits only to us. We are not anything like humans—we do not have bodies, nor do we exist as mist. We are constantly in a state of motion and change, never staying in one form long enough to truly be anything. Our realm is far less than solid than yours, but it is beautiful. You humans don't see color and