Genre: Romance. Paring: Katniss/Peeta. Rating: M. Disclaimer: HG is not mine. Summary: The first note frolics in semi-circles to the floor. … Written … … … … … The first note frolics in semi-circles to the floor. Katniss eyes the piece of paper warily, squints at the blue-lined note folded in neat halves. She releases the cold metal of her locker door and bends down, picks the note off the floor with two fingers. She sees now that one half has ragged edges, as if someone tore the paper off in haste. Curiously she tugs it open, reads the wavy lines and stops just seconds at the curls of the 'a's', something similar of a slant. I really love your legs She nearly chokes on her own saliva, turns about on her feet so fast her right shoulder hits the locker door with a smack, the sound ringing across the almost forsaken hallways. No. Fucking. Way . Someone did not just write her this—this… This . What is this supposed to even be? She must be out of her ever loving mind, but her sight shifts from her inspection of whoever could have had the nerve to play hide-and-seek, to her bare legs in the stupid gym shorts she hardly ever wears. Coach Boggs wanted an afternoon track run for P.E. and it's got to be somewhere around the hundred degrees out there, no fucking way was she going to die of a heatstroke. She catches a frail trail of hair she must have missed during her morning quick shave at the side of her calve, a blue, purple bruise mantling her knee from two days ago when she stepped on her shoelaces and fell trying to catch the bus. And never mind the pale scar at the side of her left thigh, an inch in its length from that time she went hiking in the woods and got cut open by a branch. Never wearing shorts in the woods again, she can tell you that. Whatever this joke is about, she wants no part of it. Katniss crumples the piece of paper in her hand and throws it into a nearby trashcan on her way to lunch. … I love it when you scowl. You pucker your lips and they start to look like ripe cherries. Do you taste like cherry, Everdeen? She clamps the new note inside her hands, staring wide eyed into her locker. The second time in one day? She slowly inches her head up, looks beyond the locker door obscuring her sight of the much busier hallway and scans the faces of her peers. It could have been anyone of them. Anyone of those assholes could be harassing her right at this moment, because that's what it is. It's harassment. But Katniss flushes anyway, despite herself, because she's scowling right now and whoever thinks it's funny to shove little notes into her locker might be watching the pout on her lips. … The third note comes one week later when Katniss almost, almost manages to forget about the first two. She had spent an extraordinary amount of time in the span of two days watching her peers with hawk-eye in the hopes of figuring out who was depositing the notes in the first place, but no one was acting out of ordinary. Students weren't looking at her and laughing as if sharing a personal joke in which she was the center of. Everyone's been treating her like they've always done. Katniss is neither here or there in their books and that's never been a problem. But now it is; it's most nerve-wracking. One of those students may be nurturing a personal vendetta and she's has no clue who she may have offended. This note shimmies out of her chemistry book when she rises to leave for her next class. Her classmates are already vacating the room and she takes extra care to watch them in case one of them slips; peaks at her reaction. But no one does and they all quickly leave the room to waste as much of their thirty minute break as possible. Katniss kneels to the floor, snatches the offending paper. She feels her cheeks flame as her eyes skim through, and the slight skip of her heart fails to explain whether its reaction is one of mortification or… something else. I wrapped my hand around my cock thinking about you this week, Cherry-lips Who came close enough to reach into her chemistry book without her noticing in the first place, anyway? … It's an incongruous person, the note writer. … She doesn't like the way Cato Hemming stares at her. He tends to cast his eyes, every now and then, towards her in the cafeteria and one of his elbows nudges the air-headed jock mate, all brawn no brain, at his side. The one Cato always seems to be competing against. The air-headed jock turns his head from his slice of bread, manages to divide his attention even more between the multitudes of eyes following his wake, shifts in his perch on top of the table and follows Cato's stare. Katniss quickly looks down at her book, scowling. She doesn't like the way that boy looks at her either with his morning sky blue eyes and their scattered stars—and how is that even possible? Stars only come out at night. Madge pricks her fork into Katniss's shoulder, making her jerk up with a yelp. ''What,'' she squawks offended. Her best friend narrows her eyes. ''Were you even listening?'' ''Sorta,'' she mumbles, rubbing her shoulder. ''I was a little distracted with this book and all…'' She winces at how… lame that sounded and tentatively tries to fall back on the subject of Madge's interests. ''You were talking about Gale, right?'' Her friend scrutinizes Katniss for a while and must have decided whatever's going through her head isn't worth the over-analyzing, because Madge tells her a bit tardy, ''He asked me out. I just can't decide what to wear.'' ''Go for that blue strapless dress. Always suited you.'' But then again, everything suits Madge. She's the post work of the front cover of a Glamour magazine with her corkscrew curls and glossy lips. Madge shakes her head, cascading her hair down the back of her shoulders. ''He already saw me in that one,'' and then she sighs. ''I need something new. Will you go to the mall with me?'' She scrunches up her nose, scoffing. ''Has he seen you in all of your clothes?'' ''I want to impress him, like really. Blow his mind out of his skull, literally drooling. None of what I own at the moment will do that.'' ''If you want him drooling so badly how about going commando—extract all your clothes, that is.'' ''Katniss!'' Madge admonishes, her cheeks flushing. ''Come on, please .'' She rolls her eyes. ''Whatever,'' she murmurs, which is, in all truth, just her giving in. It's probably better this way. She might keep her mind of the notes for a while. … But it's the note-writer who can't keep his mind off her. … After the afternoon at the mall which hadn't been all that dreadful, she supposes, it may have been sort of fun watching Madge freak out over a date Katniss was quite sure hadn't left the tall, brooding Gale a night without sleep. They walked back to Katniss's car, bags slung over arms because shopping with Madge for one dress never meant one dress. If there weren't any shoes included and at least one set of earrings Madge wouldn't consider it a successful day. Katniss slings the car door open, aiming the newly purchased articles for the backseat and missing; the bags falling with a thud on the floor. Madge screeches her name and runs for the back doors to straighten her purchases. ''Just a couple of fabrics, Madge,'' she says with a roll of her eyes though she can't hide the smile inching its way across her face. She's about to step into the driver seat when she sees it, stops halfway dead in her track with one foot off the pavement. It's a green paper now; hard, but a few essences away from cardboard and it's lying in her goddamned car—for fuck's sake. It scares her a little how tentatively she picks up the small paper, weighing it in her hand. She hears Madge grumble from the back seat, something about crazy brunets as best friends. Katniss may very well be crazy, because the paper is still in her hand and there might be a stalker in the other and she's not sure she wants to throw any of that away. This prankster is digging way too deep into her senses, he'll snap something if he isn't careful. The paper isn't folded and the slants of the note writer's letters are dancing across the middle of the paper, bold with a black marker. That green dress would look good on you Her eyes flutter to her window screen, her nails digging into the paper. He was here and watched her eye that green dress she could never afford with its slender straps and its skirt short and wavy. Touch the fabric with gentle fingertips and allow its soft silk to drag out of her hand and sigh, shake her head like she was completely dense to even think about it—because she was, and walk away. It's not like she would need a dress to begin with. Where would Katniss go to wear something so nice? She doesn't have dates lining up to fit into her admirable busy school, work and family schedule. But it's nice to be acknowledged like that, even if it is by a stranger who qualifies for a restraining order. She turns the paper around between fingers, curious to find if the only scriptures are the ones she has read, and they aren't. The back has tiny scribbles written with a pencil, almost like it was a foregone thought the note writer wasn't sure he wanted to share. She bites her bottom lip as she skims through the words. It would look even better on my bedroom floor By the time Madge has taken her seat, Katniss has forcefully wrinkled the green note while trying to stash it hastily into her dashboard compartment. … Sometimes she'll wring the notes from the cupboard in her room and read them again. The point of the green paper will push into her bottom lip and her mind will wander off to hands she can never clearly picture, writing words she's not sure what to make off. They're nice words though. Very nice. … The notes arrive every day, most of the time two a day. Sometimes the note writer outdoes himself and hides at least four. The notes fall out of her locker, hide in her textbooks, twice she's found a note tugged into the zipper of her backpack, waving the evidence of intangible fingertips into the air. And they're getting dangerous, too. He talks about her like he's been invested with her for far too long to be just a prankster. It's not simply the moments he writes about the freckles dusting her nose, or her lips he wants to taste in order to figure out if they're ripe cherries or sweet berries. It's not just her legs he wants wrapped around his waist or his cock he wants to bury deep into her pulsing heat so he won't be able to tell where he ends and she begins. It's not just her braid he wants to wrap his fist around or his lips he wants to skim over the swells of her breasts. He's not just after the heat of her mouth or the taste of her pussy . The note writer wants to kiss her lips, just because, and watch the wrench of her eyebrows crumple when he makes her smile and he wants to hear