FAGE 007 Title : The Canteen Written for : Rebadams7 Written By : TwiliteAddict Rating: M Summary : The Second World War. It directly affected more than thirty countries around the world. America threw its entire economic, industrial and scientific capabilities behind the war effort, blurring the lines between civilian and military resources. When Bella, a young volunteer at the local United Service Organization (USO), meets a handsome young man in basic training, they find fear and hope can coexist when shared. Prompt(s) used : Military-ward and Period Piece Disclaimer : Twilight and its characters belong to Stephenie Meyer, but I am "re-gifting" her work Fine print: If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange, visit the Facebook group - Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox at www . fanfiction community/FAGE-007/93625/ April 10, 1944 Bella took her chewing gum out of her mouth and pressed it securely behind her ear before walking into the Canteen. The cheery sign over the door welcomed every soldier, sailor, and marine. The USO Canteen was designed to provide enjoyment away from home to lift the spirits of men and women serving their country, but for Bella, it was a shame the place was even needed. She'd prefer each one of the men she had ever danced with be home dancing with their real sweetheart, not holding a stand-in. The whole nation had been called upon to help the cause, and Bella's contribution was becoming a Junior Hostess at the local USO serving the military men of Fort Custer. Though the war was half a world away, everyday it was on the front page of the Kalamazoo newspapers and blaring all day long on her parents' radio – making the war something she lived day in and day out. It made her feel much older than her nineteen years. "Got your dancing shoes on, Bella?" Rosalie bounced up to her, still reeking of cigarette smoke. "Rose," Bella hissed, pulling her into the backroom reserved for volunteers only, "you want to lose your Junior Hostess ID card? You've got to stop smoking in the ladies room!" Bella gestured to the rules displayed plainly on the wall. Junior Hostesses are NOT allowed to: -date servicemen met during their tenure as Junior Hostess (grounds for dismissal) -smoke on the dance floor, in the Canteen or at the front desk -drink intoxicants -dance with another female when there are servicemen present -refuse to dance with anyone unless they are being un-gentlemanly -indulge in conspicuous dancing -chew gum -wear pants Junior Hostesses WILL -volunteer a minimum of two hours per week -be over the age 16 -offer a friendly diversion to the military personnel's home away from home -complete at least one class included information about the function, program & philosophy of the USO, charm & etiquette, health, cosmetics & clothes, citizenship & loyalty, and how to handle inappropriate behavior from military personnel -remember we provide a service to the men who serve our country! You are expected to be a lady at all times. "Look yourself," Rosalie said, pointing a finger at the rules as well. "It says nothing about smoking in the ladies room." "It's implied ," Bella responded with exasperation. "You know how strict the Senior Hostess is." Bella linked her arm around Rosalie's. "Besides, I need my best friend here." Rose stepped back to smooth her hairdo and then her pencil skirt. Her hourglass curves made all the other girls look like shapeless tomboys. "They wouldn't ban me. I keep those GIs happy." Bella shook her head. "No doubt it's that personality of yours." "Of course." The two girls lapsed into a fit of giggles just as the Senior Hostess, Mrs. Thompson, burst in. "Girls!" she called, clapping her hands together to get Bella and Rosalie's silent attention. "We will be opening the dance hall in fifteen minutes. Are you looking your best? Bella, you could use some freshening of your lipstick." "Yes, ma'am." She spun on her matronly heels and left. Another round of giggles ensued. As Fort Custer had become the recruit reception center for all Michigan inductees into the U.S. Army, and the dance hall was teeming with young, eager men in olive drab. With their cropped hair, Bella thought they looked so much alike. "Hello, boys!" Rosalie sang out over the din of lonely men chatting up girls as she strutted into the room. Her timing was impeccable, and as if it was their cue, the small band of local musicians began to play. Immediately, men and women began to pair up; however, men outnumbered available female partners, so the unlucky, shy, and unattractive usually were forced to sit out the first round. Despite the rules, the handsome men always got more dances… "Excuse me." Bella spun to find a tall, handsome man behind her holding two cups of punch. He looked out on the dance floor and his face fell. "I was bringing this to that young lady over there." He motioned with one cup-laden hand to Jessica, who was dancing with a GI on the dance floor, her perky blonde ponytail swaying with each step. "It appears she is no longer thirsty." Bella smiled. The guy looked so disappointed – not to mention young, barely eighteen would be her guess. "I'm thirsty," she offered, to let him off the hook. He held the cup out to her. "I'm Bella Swan." "Pleased to meet you." He held a hand out. "I'm Edward Masen." "Pleased to meet your acquaintance." Bella shook his hand. "First time away from home?" "Is it that obvious?" She looked up at Edward Masen. The green of his eyes matched his uniform. He had the expression of so many she had seen before: not quiet ready to be the warrior the army was asking him to be. Proud to serve, but not ready to see first hand the terrors of war. And certainly not ready to die. "Would you like to dance, Mr. Masen?" His face lit up. "I would." Such a small gesture seemed to make a world of difference to these men. It made her proud to be a Junior Hostess. To her surprise, Edward was a wonderful dancer. He led her around the dance floor with ease, which was always a nice treat considering Army-issued footwear tended to injure her toes quite severely. Besides his dancing, Edward excelled at honesty. She wasn't used to that. It seemed the more anxious the men were about their situation, the more they compensated. Bella had grown accustomed to several types of servicemen: the over-confident, the braggart, the tough-guy, and the womanizer. But Edward had the heart of a poet. To be exact, the heart of a musician. He admitted to having a love for playing classical piano and planned to pursue his aspirations to become a music teacher. He also worried endlessly about his mother and sisters in his absence; his father had died two years ago, leaving him to head the family. Something about Edward touched her deeply, and though it was against the rules – and Bella always followed the rules – she managed to find a way to reserve her dance card for only him that night. When closing time arrived, she even secreted him out the back door of the Canteen to a bench the girls used to sneak a smoke. They sat in the darkness with just the glow of their lit cigarettes. "One week down, thirteen more to go," Edward commented on his basic training, breaking a moment of silence. "And then we will ship off to where the need is greatest." Bella knew the men liked to talk about the war, if only to seek reassurance. Following her training, Bella offered kind words, "They say the war should come to end soon." He shook his head. "What do you do when you've just started living and you have to face that everything might be over soon?" "You don't know what the future will hold, Edward. Don't count yourself out just yet." Bella squirmed on the bench. He wore his heart on his sleeve and she so much wished she could protect such an exposed, kind heart. "I've never even had a proper girlfriend." "There's plenty of time for that." She reached out and took his hand and gave it a squeeze. "You'll be back home before you know it." He looked in her eyes. Deeply. Searching. "Do you believe that?" Bella felt her bottom lip quiver. So many…so many never returned. Everyone knew someone who had died in this awful world war or came back fragments of who they were before they left. Her eyes began to swim in unshed tears. "I don't believe it either," he said almost bitterly, squashing his cigarette butt under his boot. Partly out of discomfort and partly to give Edward some flicker of optimism, Bella scooted closer to him. "What I do believe is I would very much like to dance with you again tomorrow." She leaned in and kissed him gently on the cheek. He smiled. "I would very much like that as well, Miss Swan." He stood, took her hand, and kissed it lightly before walking away. ~~~~*.*~~~~ The next night, Edward was at the Canteen early. He and Bella danced, talked on their bench, and danced some more. The next night they did the same. The day after that, Bella adjusted her schedule at the Canteen, increasing her hours from two days a week to three. Unfortunately, it didn't take long before the Senior Hostess to put two and two together. The following week, Bella was confronted. "Bella, while your time and dedication is admirable, it has come to my attention that you have been saving your dances and attention for one certain serviceman. Need I remind you that we serve all our military men – and dating is against the rules?" "No, ma'am. And Ed -– the gentleman you are referring to … we are not dating. I only see him when he visits the Canteen. He just seems more lost and concerned about his fate than the others. I thought I would be doing more of a service helping to support him." Mrs. Thompson eyed her critically, and then sighed heavily. "Bella – just be careful." Bella hustled out of the Hostess's office as soon as she was dismissed. "Edward and I aren't dating," she muttered to herself, her fists balled up at her sides as she strode quickly away from the matron's office with no particular destination. The familiar feel of tears prickling behind her eyes finally stopped her in her tracks. "We're not dating. We're falling in love." ~~~~*.*~~~~ Each week that passed held a combination of anticipation and dread for both Edward and Bella. They looked forward to the time they could spend together at the Canteen, sneaking out back whenever possible and stealing a kiss or two when no one was around, yet with each passing day, they knew it would all come to a halt all too soon. As a result, they became more desperate and protective of their time, spending more of it out of the sight of others instead of on the dance floor. On one particularly crowded evening celebrating a US battle victory during week eleven of Edward's training, the young couple found themselves resorting to Bella's father's car to get their "alone time." In the dark with only the distant streetlamps to light their surroundings, Bella couldn't help but notice the change in Edward's profile. Basic training had bulked up his lean physique, and his jaw had a different set about it. No longer did he talk about his fears. He had become more self-assured. It was like she had watched him grow up before her eyes. She reached out to run her hand down his arm feeling the taut