All Twilight characters are the property of Stephenie Meyer. DreamCatcher Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together - Eugene Ionesco "Shouldn't you have a couch in here?" Bella concealed a grin by faking a cough as she sat across from the fidgeting young man. "No. Modern psychology doesn't take place in couches or with the client in the supine position." She smiled warmly at the student, who continued to look baffled as well as uncomfortable. "Is this your first time participating in a psychology experiment at the university?" "Supine?" he asked, wrinkling his nose. Bella jotted down "possible attention issues" in her notebook before replying, "I'm sorry. Technical jargon. It means lying down." He shrugged. "I'd like to start by thanking you for your willingness to be interviewed about your dreams. As you know from reading the consent form, you will be anonymous. Though our sessions will be voice recorded, a number has been assigned to this session and you will be represented in all documentation as…" Bella glanced down at her notebook, "as Client 023. At no time will any information be shared that could reveal your true identity." Although she had giving him the number 23, he was, in fact, her very first client; best not to let him know that. She was already fighting her nerves and her fingers clutched her leather-bound notebook, a recent gift from her father. It didn't help that the freshman psychology student sitting across from her was distractingly good-looking. For him, participating in a graduate research study was a mandatory part of receiving a passing grade, but for Bella, this session marked the beginning of her long planned-out thesis on dreams and their underlying purpose. Many scholars in modern psychology proposed that dreams served no purpose, simply the brain's regurgitation of random thoughts and images it had taken in during the waking hours. Bella, however, planned to support another theory. Her hypothesis stated that dreams served to open our minds to ideas or behaviors our waking minds dismissed as too radical or too socially or culturally unacceptable. In dreams, she believed, humans were free to experiment and try behaviors they may-or may not-transfer to real life. In other words, dreams were our testing ground. So many years of dedication, discipline and sacrifice had led up to this moment. And now it was here. The big push to the finish of her graduate degree. "I don't think I've properly introduced myself." She extended her hand across to her client. "I'm Isabella Swan. I'm here to listen to you without judgment." The handsome man smiled in return and took her hand, giving it two polite pumps. "I'm Rich, er, client 0-2-3. And, I've never been to a shrink before." "Then good news … you still haven't. And your head will not be reduced in size, I promise." Rich was kind enough to laugh at her shaky attempt at psychology humor. "I'm not a psychologist yet, but I do have the qualifications and background to counsel clients. Besides, think of this more as a safe sharing place than a place of analysis." And to break the ice, she added, "And since your needs are most important, you are welcome to lie on my floor if you have any desire to be supine ." Rich nodded, but as the silence lengthened, he looked down and began to fiddle with the drawstrings on his oversized green and gold University of Alaska hoodie. Bella sensed he wanted to share something, but was considering if what he had to say would be accepted. Was he was weighing the risks versus the benefits? "It's okay. You can begin whenever you are ready, Rich," Bella added reassuringly, noting his coyness only added to attractiveness. "I have had this reoccurring dream," he began confidently, though the vasodilatation in his face suggested embarrassment was lurking just under the surface. "Perfect," Bella said excitedly, then regretted her obvious enthusiasm. She reminded herself to put the needs of the client first. She relaxed her posture. Rich mimicked her action, but continued to look downward. "It starts out with me going on a date with a hot girl, you know. Perfectly normal, right?" He glanced up at Bella, no doubt seeking approval, she thought. She kept her expression neutral, but nodded her head to encourage him to continue. "But somehow it always ends with me, um, unclothed, tied to a piece of furniture while my former English teacher, um, how shall I say … disciplines me, um, with a ruler." Composure blown, Bella dropped her notebook. Later that day, Bella curled up exhausted on her bed holding her cell phone tight to her ear. "Well, how did it go?" her father, Charlie, asked. "Did you cure any of the crazies? It sure would make my job a lot easier." Bella's mind briefly replayed the wide variety of dreams recanted by her subjects. She pushed away the inappropriate images brought on by Rich's disclosure. She thought it best, and more ethical, to not discuss any of that with Charlie. Her father had a tendency to overreact, anyway, and would probably insist Rich was using her to get "his jollies" through sharing his explicit fantasies. Besides, Bella had in part already suspected it. Rich had become increasing detailed about his dreams involving older women in dominate positions the more she seemed to listen without passing judgment. She felt like he was scrutinizing her reactions as much as she was scrutinizing his. "You know I'm only conducting research for my thesis. And, I sure hope you know 'crazy' is so politically incorrect." "Bells, we booked a guy today for trying to put a horse saddle on a wild moose. The beast damn near killed him. Tell me he wasn't crazy." "Well… There are ten times more mentally ill Americans in prisons and jails than in state psychiatric hospitals," Bella conceded. "I'm not surprised Anchorage PD has to deal with its share." "Exactly. You know, we could make a great team. Make a difference in the treatment of the crazies, er, the mental health challenged. As chief, I can probably make a strong case for hiring a psychologist to work with the department…." Bella grinned broadly. Charlie had always referred to her as "his buddy" and since she had moved away from home into a small campus-area apartment six months ago, she could tell he'd been missing her companionship. "Maybe. Let me get the special letters behind my name and we'll go from there." "Sounds like a deal. Listen, I'm gonna let you go. It's late." "Yeah." Bella yawned. "More sessions tomorrow. Night, Dad." "Oh, one more thing…," he added quickly. "What?" "Keep some pepper spray near by. I don't want any sex-crazed underclassmen taking advantage of … your listening skills. If you know what mean." How did he always know ? "Got it, dad. Good night." Already in her pajamas, Bella pulled back the covers of her twin bed. Just before switching off her bedside lamp, she readied her dream log which contained four years of carefully documented dream details and insights. Her journal had actually made sleep something Bella cherished. Not only did she find it easy to quickly fall into REM sleep, after years of recalling the minutiae of her dreams, she had actually become quite skilled at it. Each night she entered sleep filled with anticipation of what her dreams might reveal about her inner psyche. As her clocked flashed midnight, Bella's eyes began sweeping back and forth under her fair lids… " Tell me what you want?" she commanded as a cracking sound echoed in the dimly lit counseling room. " I want you to punish me," Rich responded, his naked body trembling with illicit pleasure. " That's right. You've been very bad. Never leave a participle dangling," she barked and delivered another whack of a ruler across his reddening behind. " Thank you, Mistress," he quaked. A subtle hint of movement caught the attention of her peripheral vision. Something – or someone—was lingering in the shadows in the corner of the room observing their behavior. No longer interested in the young man cowering on his hands and knees before her, Bella called out, "Who's there?" The figure seated in a chair leaned forward. Faint lighting from behind outlined him, but the details of his features remained concealed. His legs were crossed and he appeared to be holding a notebook. "I see you are taking client-centered counseling to a whole different level." Everything around her blended shapelessly into the dimness. Bella stood alone, across the room from her faceless accuser. Embarrassment replacing pleasure. " At the very least," he continued in his low, neutral tone, "I observe a very serious infraction of boundaries. At the most, a violation of ethics." Bella crossed her arms. "Thank you, Jiminy Cricket, for pointing out the error of my ways. You do realize this is a dream, non-reality. Your admonishments have no place here." The stranger chuckled low and deep. For some reason, it reminded her of a fathomless abyss. Her spine tingled. " I get it. You think I am your conscience?" the stranger mocked. " Of course you are. What other explanation can there be to your presence?" Bella reasoned, though her anger was growing. Even as a student of psychology, she didn't like head games. He sat back. Unperturbed, he resumed scribbling in his large notebook. This tipped Bella's anger into stunned outrage. He raised his head and examined her as if appraising a piece of artwork. "Judging from your behavior and attitude toward my presence, I surmise you are in need of a sexual outlet, even if the act involved some degree of deviant behavior. You just can't admit it to yourself." " You're deluded!" Bella shot back. " Am I?" he challenged. "Or are you? Remember, you just accused me of being a part of you," he tsked. "You are a veritable fountain of defense mechanisms. Are you familiar with denial? The lady doth protest too much." Before Bella could object, he rose suddenly from the chair. His abrupt, fluid advance surprised her and she recoiled in fear. That is, until she saw him fully illuminated. He was pale and tall with an athletic build – an Adonis of chiseled marble. His disheveled bronze hair was in stark contrast to his impeccable professional attire. He was beautiful in an ethereal way; the stuff of dreams and nightmares alike. Though he moved toward her, he stopped short of reaching her and tossed his notebook at her feet. Caught between alarm and curiosity, Bella glanced at the notebook. She quickly realized it was a sketchbook. He had been drawing, not taking notes. Relief was quickly replaced with a flood of emotions. The open pages were filled with detailed pencil sketching two people. They were both naked and contorted in a variety of sexual positions; the woman's face was twisted in various expressions of pleasure and pain. In a sudden clarity that only happens in dreams, she saw the woman was her. Her lover and the artist were one in the same person. Her eyes rose slowly to meet his and she was certain her face was flushed. " Have you anything to deny now?" He smiled crookedly as if knowing her deepest desires. "I thought not." Bella bolted upright. Alone in her room, arousal prickled throughout her body as if her skin was charged by an electrical current. Grabbing her pad and pen, she began to write furiously. It was a dream unlike any other. The vividness of the dream and the accompanying burst of endorphins triggered by the bold, sexy stranger had her mind and body charged with energy. So much so, sleep eluded her for the rest of the night, and by the time her alarm went off, Bella had barely caught a wink. Although the day was busy with a round of new student clients and debriefing with her professor, her