A/N: Hi everyone! This is a very, very smutty one-shot that was never intended to be this long but hey, things happen. It's absolutely rated M and I hope you like it! There are pros and cons to Ron's bedroom being on the top floor, the main positive point being that the landing outside his door doesn't get a lot of foot traffic. Unless Harry's turning in for the night or Molly's dropping off fresh laundry, Hermione can pretty much expect that they'll be left alone. The negative, of course, is that heat rises, and even as the temperatures lag in mid-May, it seems all of the humidity in Britain has focused itself on one small, untidy, bright orange room. Or maybe, Hermione reasons, it's because anytime she's in here, it's with Ron, alone, and there's a magnetism between them that makes beads of sweat pop up along her sternum and her hair frizz out to epic proportions. If she isn't touching him in some way - rather, if she isn't touching as much of him as possible - the moment feels wasted. And the cracked-open window above his bed does so little to alleviate the situation. Ron's mum had sent them up here to tidy up his room, citing the upcoming visit of the Minister of Magic as grounds to deep-clean the entire house. A year ago, Ron would have (and had) whined that nobody would be seeing his room, but this time around he nodded, politely agreed with his mum, and casually led Hermione up the zigzagging staircase into his room. Where they proceeded to tumble onto his bed, lips fused together, hands rubbing over sweaty skin. Before Hermione realizes it, she's pulling his t-shirt over his head and sliding her hands over his chest, over the ridges of his ribcage. They're both still far too skinny, even after a month with Bill and Fleur and two weeks at the Burrow. He kisses over her cheek and down her neck, taking time to lick away drops of sweat, making her heart race. She knew from the start that he had more experience than she did, but she's stunned herself with how comfortable she is with the progress in the physical side of their relationship. Before they left Hogwarts for the Burrow, she had broken into Professor Slughorn's ingredient cupboard and procured everything necessary for a contraceptive potion, which she had then brewed for herself and Ginny. She's been taking it daily, not knowing which day will be the day but wanting, as always, to be prepared. Admittedly, there have been a few hiccups. They're Ron and Hermione, so of course nothing is ever perfect. The first time she felt him digging into her leg, firm and insistent through his jeans, she had to make up an excuse to dash to the loo and compose herself. After all, it's not like she doesn't know what he has down there and she's hoping one day soon to utilize it to its full potential, but to actually feel it had overwhelmed her for a moment. She's not used to feeling this strongly for anybody. As it turned out, everything she felt for him before their first kiss had really just been the tip of the iceberg. "Hermione," he pants into her neck, his hand on her waist beneath her shirt. "I want to, erm…" She catches just a glimpse of his bright red face as he presses his lips hungrily to hers. "To what?" Hermione kisses him again, offering reassurance. His last idea, from a few nights ago when Harry had gone on a late-night fly with Ginny, had resulted in his hands under her knickers, his fingers delving inside of her, making her moan and fist up the bedclothes. Lately, she quite likes his bouts of inspiration. "Well, I just…" He kisses her long and slow, humming against her mouth. "I thought… is it okay if…" Another kiss. "IfIgodownonyou?" The words tumble so hurriedly from his lips that Hermione isn't sure at first that she's heard him correctly. "What?" "Feel free to tell me to fuck off," Ron says anxiously, "I just, y'know, thought maybe you'd like it? Since you liked the other day when-" "Okay," Hermione agrees. If she's going to have sex with him someday (and soon), she wants to be as comfortable with him as possible. This is a step forward on that road. "Can…" Ron tugs on the waistband of her shorts. "Can I take these off, then?" "I don't see how you'll do it if you don't," Hermione quips back, making Ron smile and smack a kiss on her lips. Hands trembling a bit, he unbuttons her shorts and shimmies them down her legs, taking a second to admire her hips, clad in simple cotton knickers, before pulling those away as well. Ron's kneeling between her legs, a hand on each thigh, when she becomes acutely aware that it's two in the afternoon on a Wednesday and most of his family is home. Innocuous snogging is one thing, nakedness from the waist down decidedly another. Ron seems to have the same thought, because he fires a locking spell at the door - it will at least give them fair warning should anyone try to enter - and drops his wand onto the bed beside them. He situates himself on his stomach, face between her thighs, and presses his lips to her slit. The gasp it evokes from her throat is so sudden and sharp that Ron looks up, eyes wide. "Are you okay?" he asks, half-panicked. "Fine," she nods. "It's just - well - no one's ever kissed me there before." "Right." He's also thinking thank Merlin for that but opting not to voice it. "Okay." This time when his mouth lands on her, she's ready for it. He starts slow, gradually adding in his tongue, rhythmically caressing her folds, using one hand on her hip to hold her in place. It's half-strange and half-wonderful, even though he's just slightly off the mark from where she thinks his efforts might be most effective. Her breathing grows shallow, ragged, as she tries to angle herself toward him. "Does it feel good?" he asks, the vibrations from his voice thrumming through her center. "Yeah," she breathes. "Go higher." It takes a second to click together in his brain but then he shifts his mouth upwards, his tongue just glancing over her bundle of nerves and making her whimper. He's a quick learner, focusing his attention there as a thin sheen of sweat forms over her bare skin. It's almost suffocating in the room but Hermione can't be fussed over that at the moment, not when he's making her feel this good. "Use your fingers," she instructs, and he does, dipping two of them into her and rubbing her inner walls in such a way that she has to work not to clamp her thighs around his head. "That's good?" "Ye-es," she groans, her head tossed back as his ministrations grow faster and faster. He's moaning into her now and she's not sure if it's because she's inadvertently suffocating him or if he's deriving just as much pleasure from this as she is. She doesn't have much time to consider it, anyway, because her legs have begun to shake and her back is arching up and then she collapses, sweaty and sated. "So I take it you liked that," Ron grins, kissing her protruding hipbone. Hermione sighs and nods, her eyes still closed, as he rests his chin on her thigh. "Did it…" She hates to voice her insecurity, but then again, this is Ron. She doesn't want anything to go unsaid. "Did it taste okay?" She can feel him nodding. "I like how you taste." Ron's face is brick red as he kisses up her stomach, moving her shirt out of the way until it's bunched under her ribcage and she decides to just strip it off; it's soaked in sweat anyway. Her bra is plain white lace, little scallops along the cups, and Ron smooths a hand over her breast as he leans in to kiss her. She can taste herself, a bit, but it doesn't bother her like she thought it might. She also realizes, as his chest settles on hers, that she has never been remotely this bare in front of him. Her bra barely counts as clothing and she starts to wonder what it might be like if his shorts leave the equation and she's able to really feel him… "Ron," she whispers, pulling her mouth from his. "Let me, erm, return the favor." "Oh." His blue eyes are so wide. "R-really? You would?" "Yes," she confirms. That's all it takes to get him to roll onto his back and shed his shorts and pants. It's more difficult than she expects: he's rather big, she decides (not that she has a frame of reference), and heavy in her mouth and she keeps worrying that she's scraping him with her teeth, but the sounds erupting from his lips tell her that she's doing just fine. Experimentally she cups her hand underneath him, and that's all it takes for him to lose control, spurts of hot liquid hitting the back of her throat. She can do nothing else but swallow and lick his tip clean as he tries to bring his heart rate back to normal. "That... was fucking brilliant," he says, coming back to himself enough to roll toward her and claim her lips. "I hoped it would be." There's nothing between them now except her bra, which keeps slipping off her shoulders, and the ache at her center has returned with a vengeance. Ron kisses her slowly, deeply, his tongue plundering her mouth, one hand toying with her nipple through her bra. They really shouldn't be doing this, she thinks absently. It doesn't take long to organize a room this small, especially with the aid of magic, but she doesn't want to break the moment. Her lust-ridden mind begins to rationalize: they are eighteen; they just survived a war; they should be allowed to do this , but his conservative parents probably have a different stance. He's tugging on the side of her bra, the movements of his lips all but halted as he furrows his brow. "How does this…" "Here, I'll do it." Smiling, Hermione sits up just enough to reach behind her back and undo the clasp. Ron peels her bra away with an expression of reverential disbelief, blinking rapidly as though to try and process that she's actually naked in his bed. Hermione sort of can't believe it either, even when he lowers his mouth to her breast and places a kiss on the soft, sensitive skin. The pulsing between her legs grows stronger, more undeniable, as he takes it in turns to suck on her nipples, the thick, solid length of him pressing into her thigh. Ron kisses a sticky path up her chest and neck, catching her lips again; he's trying to be gentle and careful and treat her like she's made of glass, but she really isn't. "I love you," says Hermione between kisses, feeling him smile against her lips. "I love you too." She cards her fingers through his sweat-damp hair, savoring his weight pushing her into the mattress, her pointed nipples grazing along his chest. Almost of their own volition, her legs spread just enough for his hips to settle between them and as he adjusts the angle of their kiss, his tip bumps ever so slightly against the folds between her legs. Ron freezes. "Sorry," he says hastily, "I didn't mean to-" "It's okay." She wants him. She has wanted him for years, and now they're here, happy and safe and completely naked in his bed, and sure, it doesn't take this long to clean a room that basically just contains a bed and an old fish tank, but she's never felt closer to