Gale Comforts Annie after she finds out Finnick has died. (Annie's POV) Somebody's knocking on my door, but I don't want to get up and open it. I hear another person walk up and they speak in muffled voices and a pair of footsteps walks away from my room as the door opens. "I didn't let you in" I say coldly as I look up to see who it is. "I don't need your permission to come into here, I was sent here." Retorts Gale wrinkling his nose as there was quite a smell of vomit in my room. "This is technically a break -" I get cut off as a gurgling sound comes from my throat and I start to throw up again. Luckily, Gale has a quick hand and he was soon sitting next to me by my bed with a bucket under my nose, nearly gagging himself. " I'm sorry, I think I have some sort of illness, I've been like this for a few days" I say awkwardly as Gale tries to clean up the mess. I was actually really thankful for him being there, but I was never going to admit that! "A few days? Maybe you should be taken to the hospital? It could be something serious." Says Gale seriously, although I don't think he really cared, but was just trying to make me feel better after throwing up. "No, I think I'll be fine. But I need to change my clothes and clean up, I look a mess." Finnick's death has affected and even changed me a lot. I have become horrible to everyone, blaming everyone I see for his death. I haven't gotten out of bed for days, and I don't eat fir days straight sometimes. I don't let anyone help me, and don't get personal with anyone because I'm scared of loosing them too. I lost my family, friends, and my wonderful Finnick, I don't want to lose anyone else, I don't want to care about anyone. I get up and without thinking, open Finnick's clothes closet and quickly close it, hoping that Gale hadn't noticed, unfortunately he did. "Is that all of Finnick's old things?" He asks shyly. I feel a silent tear roll down my cheek as I nod slightly and answer "Yes". I start moving to the bathroom to avoid anymore awkward conversation, however, gain, Gale wants to be nosy. "Do you mind if I take a look?" He says with his stronger voice. I stand in place for a couple of seconds before I turn around and look him in the eye and snap "Why? You were never close to him, you didn't feel any pain did you?" I glare at him and then realise what I've said, and I start crying and manage to croak "Go ahead" before running into the bathroom in tears. I don't know how long I stayed in the bathroom for, or if Gale did ever look in Finnick's things, but by the time I come out, the room is empty and there is a plate with a breakfast served on my bedside table. I dive for it straight away, as I had not eaten or gotten out of bed for days. It felt good to finally eat, and be clean and fresh (I had just had a shower) but it didn't make the pain go away. I still did everything miserable: walked slouched; didn't speak to people and I mostly spent my time in my room looking at photo albums of Finnick and I, occasionally getting up to throw up. It was one day, when I was lying in bed after about a week of throwing up, when I threw up again that it hit me. "I'm pregnant" I thought. Thats when I screamed, and I don't remember anything apart from Gale running in. I wake up and smell coffee and turn to the side to throw up because the smell is revolting, but then it goes away. I look around the room, and see Gale and Haymitch sitting in a chair. By the looks of it, Haymitch had been holding coffee, and Gale had the sense to take it out of the room before I could gag. "How long have I been asleep for?" I ask quietly. The guys look at each other uncertainly and then Haymitch speaks up "Three days" "We thought we lost you" Adds Gale quietly. "Why would you care?" I say eyeing him suspiciously. I didn't understand why I was here, or Gale. Or Haymitch for that fact. Maybe they were here to tell me I had to leave? Or maybe Finnick was still alive! "You've been acting different lately, you used to be the sweetest, most innocent person anyone could find in here. But now you're cold to everyone, and you don't come out of your room or eat often. You needed help, so I thought I'd help you." Says Gale quietly. I noticed that he still hadn't answered my question, but he was being really nice, so I softened my tone. "I still don't understand why you're here though, you haven't answered my question". "He's here, because every since everything happened, he feels like every death is his fault, even though people have told him countless times he couldn't do anything about Finnick's, Johanna's, or Prims death. But he won't take no for an answer, he needs to make it up somehow, so the only way he can do so is to try and make you and all the other people feel better. However it is not his place, he doesn't need to if he doesn't want to but he is doing so wether you like it or not, so don't try saying no, because he'll just keep coming back." Says Haymitch, and Gale looks down and shuffles in his chair. "But I don't need help! I'm fine! What are you on about?" I say quickly, although I've never been a good liar. "Pfftt, please Annie, you're the worst one here, so Gale has come to you last. He's tried to make the others feel better and he has mildly succeeded. so don't think you can get out of this, because it's not your choice." I sigh and lie back on the bed in the hospital. "So whats wrong with me? Am I crazy? Or, well crazier than I was before?" "Well not exactly, if anything you're more sane than you were, Finnick's death brought you back to reality, but properly. There is only one way I can tell you this and it's just the truth through and through. You have a serious case of depression that you really need help with. You will be staying in the hospital for a couple of -" Gale says "WHAT? No! Leave me alone!" I try to protest. "It's not your choice, because thats not the only thing. You're also pregnant, which is why you have been throwing up so much, and the doctor has made some tests, and he says that it's Finnicks (not that anyone was doubting that!" Finishes Gale. I am seriously taken by surprise, before I would never have called myself depressed, but now I think about it, it all makes sense, especially the pregnancy. But as the news sink in, I realise this baby will not have a father, it will be raised by a single, hopeless mother, who is depressed. "I want an abortion" I blurt out. Haymitch and Gale were both taken by shock, but after a couple of minutes of silence I ask them to leave so that I could 'sleep' but obviously, that was not what I was going to do. After a couple of hours when I was sure everyone was asleep, I snuck out of my room and started walking into the direction of the exit door. However, as soon as I turned the first corner, I bumped into someone and he yelped and jumped back. "Annie?" Says the voice. It was Gale. "Shhh" I say instinctively, and I take him by the arm back into my room so that we could talk normally. It was so upsetting how I couldn't even get out of a building without having to bump into someone, and of all people it had to be Gale. We walk into my room and I get back into my bed and wait for the awkward conversation to come, but it never does. I look up at Gale and see him staring at me, and he blushes as we make eye contact. "Why do you want an abortion?" "Isn't it obvious? The baby will have no dad and a crazy mum, I don't want that." I say sadly. "What if by then, you will already have gotten better, what if you will be happy, what if you find someone who helps you get over Finnick and you love him, and he loves you just as much?" Asks Gale, seemingly hopeful. "Well that won't happen, because I've made a promise to myself; don't let anyone in. I can't let myself get hurt like that again, even if won't ever happen I'd rather not risk it at all." I say. "why not? If you shut yourself out from everyone you won't want to live anymore. Whats the point of life, when life is created by the people in your life, the people who help you through your ups and downs. But an abortion is definitely not what you need! You're basically killing your own child, Put it that way. If you don't want a child, you can always give it up for abortion." Says Gale meaningfully. I sigh and keep silent, thinking that maybe this was a mistake, maybe I should keep the baby, maybe I will find another person who's not Finnick. Oh Finnick what have I done! This is not what you would have wanted for me, you would have wanted me to be happy wouldn't you? You would want me to keep the baby, not kill it! "I'm a horrible person! I just had the thought of killing my baby. Mine and Finnick's baby, what kind of mother will I be? Oh god, what have I done? Where's Finnick?" I start shouting "WHERE'S FINNICK? WHERE IS HE? SOMEBODY FIND HIM" This is when I start to jump out bed and pound on the walls. " I NEED HIM, WHERE IS HE, NOOO! FINNICK! I CAN HEAR HIM! HE'S CLOSE! WHERE IS HE! FINNICK I'M HE-" Somebody stabs an vaccine into me and I slump on the floor. I wake up in a different room, and this time I'm alone. This is when I realise that I'm not passing out for days, the want me to pass out for days. There's something in those injections they give me. I don't do anything for hours, whenever someone comes in I pretend to be asleep. I don't want to speak to anyone, and I'm so confused. I want to speak to someone, but I won't. There is no way I can make myself vulnerable again, I knew I shouldn't have. I let someone in and I went crazy. In the end I didn't do anything until I fall asleep. When I'm awake again, I am not so fortunate to be alone again, Gale is here, So is Haymitch and a couple of doctors. I try to move my arms but I am pinned down. "Let me go, you have no right to do this to me!" I say aggressively. But by the looks on their faces, I know theirs no way in hell, that they're going to let me go. I wonder why everyone has gathered here, and as if reading my mind, Haymitch says " Annie, we want to help you. But if we can't do that with you being calm, you're going to have to be kept down. I'm pretty sure Katniss told you how I threatened to insert food through a tube