A/N: So this is the story that snareplayingpiccolo and niley4eva2012 comes into play. We will update slowly, but soon will have a master story on our hands. Anything to suggest you are welcome to say. Or if you just want to say "Great story!" That is always welcome. Please read on to enjoy the lives of Shayla (niley4eva2012) and Elendawen (snareplayingpiccolo). :) Chapter One- The Beginning Shayla's POV: "Shayla! The King wishes to see you! Up up!" cried my maid of the castle. I groaned rolling over in my sleep, last night was pretty great. There had been a huge party as it was King Théoden's niece Eowyn's birthday. I should probably tell you who I am as I get dressed into the days' clothes. I am Shayla of Rohan although I wasn't born in this country. I really come from a northeast city of Mirkwood near the Mirkwood Mountains. From a city which is probably a ghost town by now. When I was only six years old, it was overrun with goblins and orcs. Elrond of Rivendell was who saved me. For a strange reason I am mostly human but I have the ears and eyes of an elf. My specialty is in my bow which I never leave from my side. The bow was given to me from Elrond when I was just six years of age. It has silver designs etched into white bamboo tree as the base. Now I am twenty-seven, but I feel like a mere teenager. In an elf's eyes, I am, for since I had an elf as by my mother, my age doesn't naught a difference in Rohan, and I can live longer than the humans. My secret is with me, King Théoden, and most elves like Elrond. He was the only one that volunteered to take me in after my parents were murdered. I had traveled as far as Dol Guldur with the Wood Elves of Elrond's and then met Legolas who took me as far as the Southern border of Fangorn Forest and as an eight year old by that time I had traveled cross country to finally come upon Edoras, starving and hungry by that time I reached King Théoden and told him of my story. Shortly after her received a letter from Elrond confirming the truth of all of it. My appearance in most man's way of thinking was beautiful. I have dark ashe blonde hair as long as eighteen inches, and there are braids that go across the top of both sides of my head above my ears and flows back and along down the front of my shoulders. But my ears are still covered thank goodness because this is the only style I can use for fear of being found out I'm part elfish in a land of men. My nose or lips weren't elfish either, they were human, and good too. Lastly, comes my eyes. They are unnatural and shaped exactly like of elves, but the people in Edoras know not to question them, even if most of the people here have green or brown eyes. Mine were an unnatural dark shade of cobalt blue, and they are the eyes of my born mother. My father had come from Rohan from many years previous to my birth and he had always loved a good adventure. That was how he had sought out my mother. Luckily too because most people here had either golden brown or blonde hair here, which is similar to my hair, so no questions were asked there either. Once dressed, I walked down the stairs to the hallway of many rooms. I was lucky enough to get a towered room. Yes, I live in the Great Hall of Edoras, since Théoden basically adopted me, and so I was raised as part of a King's life. I mostly just enjoyed time outside the palace when I could help it. But my assistance of something important was apparently needed. I walked into the grand room of the King and I came upon him. He looked challenged like something was not to his liking. He wasn't smiling, that was for sure. Eowyn and Eomer, my cousins, were there as well, both with distressed faces. Eomer was Eowyn's brother. I looked upon him and asked, "What is wrong father? What has happened since last night that I do not know about?" He gave me a grave look, "Shayla, the time has come for you to marry." "Marry?! But father I have no love, I have nobody to love, I prefer not to love." "Shayla, Theodred is gone..." I started blankly at my King, not believing it to be real. I had known Eomer had brought back Theodred three nights past and he was sicker than a dog coming home from a hunt he went on to destroy some orc camp, but I didn't think it was this serious. "Father?" I quickly glanced at Eomer and Eowyn. Eomer had a shocked look on his face and Eowyn was crying silently. "So I know longer have an heir to the throne, you would be next in line...If you were to marry." "But father I could not. My—condition of my background doesn't allow me to." I was referring to my Elvin background. Théoden glanced at Eomer and Eowyn, "Shayla, they know, and they have agreed that even though you are part elfish, you would rule with grace after my passing when the time comes. Please Shayla, you can choose any man. I have already sent messengers out to the cities claiming that there will be an offering of your hand to your choosing when they show their faces here in days hence." I looked down at my feet. A marriage? I couldn't love, I have never been in love...and now Eomer and Eowyn knew my elf past and agreed to it?! At least they would be full humans to rule, why Théoden couldn't choose them! But he chose me. Me. To rule the lands of Rohan until I bare a son, more expectancies. Not only would I have to marry someone I don't love, I would have to bear children until I bore a son and heir. He was asking a lot from me. "Father, Please I'll do anything but all of you ask of me. It's too much to bear!" And without a response or a word from him I left the room and flew outside to the stables. I know I was being a mere child, but technically still was in my heritage. I was only a teenager even though in human years I was twenty-seven. It just wasn't fair! Why did my brother have to die! I reached the stables and went immediately to my horse. My horse was a bay horse with dark black hair like the night in his tail and mane. He had dark black legs from the knees on down until his hooves showed a definite white. He had a small white diamond upon his head and he was one of the most beautiful and strongest horses of Rohan. Théoden had given him to me just two years ago for my birthday. I had fallen in love with him automatically and because of my elfish tongue language I knew and kept secret I was able to talk and relate to the horse within just two days of training. And now he was my long companion, I had named him Shawn. I know it was a human name, but Shawn was as much a human as he was my best friend. I opened the gate to his stable and then jumped on him bareback and grabbed my bow and quiver of arrows off the hook next to the stall and then talked softly saying to get out of here in elfish. Soon we were galloping away from the stables and down the giant mountainside to get out of the city. I felt like riding away from here for a couple of hours. I needed to get away. When I was close to the gate I yelled out to the watchers to open the giant gates. Soon I felt free. My bow and arrows on my back and I was leaving Edoras. Feeling the wind at my back I knew I was denying my father already. He always hated it when I left the city, the dangers of evil were out here in the countryside, but I knew better about myself than him. Eomer took better care of these lands than any person before him did as a Captain. I was not going to worry too much. I looked into the giant blue sky above me. I saw birds chasing us but flew in opposite directions when they came upon us. We flew through the lands until we reached a wood just north of the giant mountains separating Gondor and Rohan. When we reached a familiar part of the wood I stopped Shawn and bounced off lightly. I loved riding bareback; at least Théoden didn't criticize me for that. Of course he knew I was an elf, so I and Shawn rode better when there was no separation of say, a saddle. Only in battle do I carry a saddle just so I can hide my identity of being an elf. Yes I go to battle, for the most part Théoden doesn't know, but Eomer does, he's the party I go with to take care of orc camps and raid them. I thank the Lord my cousin doesn't care about my safety as much as my father does. I hate having him for a father, but I bear with it. I just miss my born natural parents most of all and I would think about what my parents would say about me and my sense to go into danger. They would be proud. They were warriors and even at the age of six I knew that that was the path that they wanted me to take. To go into danger and help defeat all and every enemy. They had many hopeful goals for me to fulfill by the time I reached twenty. But that was when they were living and before the ambush had happened. By this time I had climbed a tree as I let my horse wander. I never tied him up, he always knew where I was and besides, he never strayed too far. He was a very well trained and good horse. I pulled out my journal and began to write: June 30: Third Age: 3018 My father has now decided that I should marry! I can't believe my luck, and to think that my life was going to be great! I had just achieved a small victory of defeating a large orc camp with cousin Eomer just two days past, and now my father is deciding my life for me! Sad news is my brother passed away last night hence the arranged marriage. And then he'll expect me to have children. I don't even know if I want children when I do decide upon it! Ugh, I wish I could just live life the way I want to. I guess I can't do that. At least I still have Shawn. (Just then my horse looked up to me and gave me a stare; he knew I was writing about him, I chuckled to myself. He always knew). Now to enjoy the rest of the day before I go back to my father. I put my journal back in my sack that I always have kept on Shawn and pulled out an apple too much on that, it was near noon and I was starving, I just realized that I hadn't eaten anything since my maid woke me up close to eight. Jumping from the tree I landed just like an elf would soft and not noticeable, well Shawn heard me and he came trudging over. "Hey boy, you are