A/N : Inspired after watching the extras from The Fellowship of the Ring again. Eliza sighed as she walked out of the school gates, the past week had been hell, teaching a group of kids art was no easy task. Luckily she had the next week all to herself, she would spend the first few days camping in the woods not far from her house, the rest of the time she would just chill at home and try to not have a nervous break down about having to come back here. As she slumped into her bed that night after getting everything ready to leave in the morning she relished the softness of her bed, knowing that she would miss it the next few nights. But the happiness she would get from being in the woods would rule that out, the woods always relaxed her and gave her a chance to gather her thoughts. It didn't take her long to get to sleep after she had calmed her racing mind, she try to push all thoughts of work and children from her mind, the next week was purely for her and she was determined to go back well rested. Early morning sunshine streamed through her window where she hadn't closed the curtains the pervious night. It was actually quite a pleasant way to wake up, to feel the warm sun on your face silently telling you it was going to be a nice day. Cracking her eyes open she gazed out of her window, seeing her small garden, looking further to the lake beyond. Cloud anyone ask for a more pleasant sight to see first thing in the morning, if there was she didn't know it. Taking herself off the bed to have her last hot shower for a few days and pulling on her clothes to begin the trek into the woods. Strolling through the woods she took in all she could see and hear. The trees held bright green leaves in a thick canopy that held back the bright sunshine of the day. The gentle breeze rustled the leaves and she could hear the faint sound of a waterfall that she knew was not far ahead. That would be where she would settle for lunch and maybe do some sketches as she knew from past experience how beautiful the water fall was. She could sketch it now then maybe paint it up later in the week. After having lunch and spent several hours sketching she decided to walk a little further before stopping to make her camp for the night. By about 7 o'clock the light was just starting to fade through the trees and she would have to make camp while she could still see what she was doing. Finding a little clearing not to far ahead, it was the perfect spot to make her camp, just enough room for her tent and cooking utensils without it being big enough to create any wind. After preparing and eating a small dinner she retired to her tent and began to read until she fell asleep. A few hours later a noise woke her but thinking nothing of it she turned over to try and get back to sleep on the slightly lumpy ground. That piqued her awareness, she was sure she had fallen asleep on a flat bit of ground, what she was not laying on felt like tree routes. As she was trying to figure this out the noise appeared again, it sounded like growling and heavy footsteps. At first she thought it might be some kind of bear with the growling, but the foot steps didn't sound like any animal she knew of. As her eyes opened and adjusted to the dark of night she realised she was no longer in her tent, she was open in the forest. There was something different about these trees, they were different to the ones in the forest she was in, or was meant to be in. She could exactly pin point what was different they just were, they would have been out of place had you put them in the woods she was in. But once again the sounds brought her back to the present, the were slightly louder, but this time with added sound on clanging metal. She could see dark bulky figures trudging – the gait they were taking could only being trudging – along the edge of the tree line to what ever wood this was. Turning to look into the ominous wood weighing her options, did she stay hear risking being caught by those what ever they were, try to head past the tree line to see if there was any sign of where she was which could also lead to her being caught by those things or did she head for the wood away from those things and risk the darkness. After hearing another growl she made her choice and head for deeper into the wood moving slowly giving her eyes a chance to adjust to the darker woods. But walking and the lack of sleep soon caught up with her and she could feel herself start to weaken. She finally gave in to the tired feeling running rampage through her body and settled at the base of a wide, tall tree settling against the protruding roots. Sleep came relatively quickly considering her circumstances. Once again warm sunlight but she knew she wasn't in her bed now, not with tree roots sticking in her back. After rising and brushing off the leaves and dirt from her clothes she continued to walking further in to the woods, not wanting to risk bumping into those things she saw last night. Now she could see everything in daylight she was beginning to believe more and more that she was in a completely different wood, she had never seen anything like this anywhere before. If was difficult to try and describe, it was as if the trees themselves were calming her and almost whispering soothing words in her head, which of course was silly as trees couldn't talk. But everything seemed so elegant and ethereal. After walking probably half the day she could see a small wooden cabin not to far in the distance, it didn't look like much but maybe someone lived there and the could help her. Seeing this small glimmer of hope her pace quickened carrying her close and closer to what she hoped would be her salvation. As she neared she could see everything in more detail. There were a several small stable holding beautiful horses with shimmering coats, there saddlery lay on the ground outside each stable ready to be placed on if needed. As she nears the cabin she can see crates and baskets filled with food, bread, fruit, cold meat, vegetables and small square objects that look like some sort of cake packed down. Quietly she raps on the door of the cabin but with no rely, she tentatively opens the door and casts a quick glance inside, seeing it empty, the occupants must be out somewhere. Closing the door she turns back to the woods and immediately freezes on the spot where several swords and arrows are pointed at her, some at her head and some at her torso. This was not a good situation to be in. She can hear them talking amongst themselves in a language she cannot understand and she has done a fair amount of travelling hearing most of the languages this world has to offer. Once again all eyes are on her. These people were probably the owners of this house and wondered why she was trespassing, but the cabin seemed very small for all of them to live in. One of them stepped forward, he had honey blonde hair and bright blue eyes, he was also one of the three that held the nicest swords in the group. As he addressed her he spoke that same language that she could not figure out, for all she knew he could be warning he that she was about to be executed. She gave him the sincerest look she could muster whilst giving a little shrug of her shoulders and shake of her head, desperately trying to relay that she couldn't understand them. He obviously understood as her threw a few words over his shoulder at his companion before brining his attention back to her. When he next spoke she could understand him thankfully but from the way he was talking he obviously didn't speak this language much, his voice did flow like it did when he spoke to his companions. "Explain your purpose here?" Although his voice was a bit stunted it was still very lyrical as if the very wind itself was carrying the words to your ears, caressing them at the same time. Her voice showed her verves and insecurity about not knowing where she was. "I am lost. I was out camping and woke up here. Pray tell me, where am I?" The look on his face did not alter from the perfect mask that stood in place disguising any emotion he was feeling. "You are in Rivendell. Where are you meant to be? And how did you come about being here?" Her voice was become more panicked, she had never heard of a place called Rivendell. At least not anywhere near her, how did she get hear from the woods she was in and without her noticing. "I do not know. I woke up near the boarder of the woods hearing growling and heavy footfalls, upon opening my eyes I saw big black figures along the tree line. Deciding this was the safer option I headed further into the woods, although now I am thinking maybe I would have been safer going the other way," looking at the swords and arrows pointed at her. His attention went back to his companions and with a quick flick of his head 3 of the people pointing sharp things at her ran off into the woods the directions he had come from. She had a vague idea of what was going on but she didn't know for sure if they were going after those big black things. Her attention was draw back as the leader turned back to her. "You will follow us, it is not safe out here for the time being and I am sure Lord Elrond would like to see you." With that he turned on his heal heading further into the forest and she hesitantly followed him. As they began to walk she looked round at the other men, the two either side of her looked almost identical, unless you looked closely you could mistake them for each other but she could she the slight differences. They both bad long dark brown hair and bright grey eyes, she also got a feeling from these like they caused trouble and mischief. They reminded her of two naught little school kids, always getting into trouble and trying to blame it on someone else. She discretely looked at the other men, they were all tall, had dark hair and a variety of eyes colour, from bright green through to dark brown. The one in front was the only one with blond hair. Would he be the only one with blond hair or would there be more? Where exactly were they taking her, where and what was Rivendell? Was it a city of some sort? All these and a million other questions were buzzing round her head. "Put your mind at ease little one," Spoke the man on her left with the grey eyes. "Your thoughts are so loud me and my brother can hear them," was said with a cheeky grin in place. Looking to the man on her right, the other one with the grey eyes she saw the same cheeky grin, which also brought a smile to her face and lifted