Chapter 1 \\ New Year's Eve \\ WICELA Disclaimer : I do not own the Harry Potter series nor everything that comes with it. The rights go to J.K. Rowling. The only thing I own are the holes in her stories that I filled with my fantasies. A/N : This first chapter was firstly meant to be an OS. This means that there is a lot happening in this chapter. The next chapters will be more quiet. Also, if you don't want to read the whole story, you can read the first chapter as OS. Beta : Codename Jellybean (ff) Last edited : June 16 (2015) "Morning Weasley! Nice to see you in such a chippy mood!" Scorpius Malfoy was walking into her office. "Bugger off, Malfoy. I thought Albus said he would come?" Rose Weasley was sitting behind her deks and hoped that Al would appear behind Malfoy's back, saying: 'HA, you totally bought it, didn't you?' But none of that. "He has taken the day off. Boy drama," Scorpius answered and Rose groaned. She already hated this day without Malfoy being around. "Again?" she muttered quietly. She moved some papers on her desk to the left when Scorpius decided that he didn't want to be ignored. "So, and who are you going to kiss on New Year's Eve?" He gave her his famous 'I'm Scorpius Malfoy'-smirk, but Rose just rolled her eyes. "Shut your mouth and let me do my job, Malfoy. Your job will be a lot easier too if you do so," she said, hoping that he would get the hint. "I'm just making the best of it!" He protested, but after that he kept his mouth shut. Rose had given him a look and he certainly didn't want to see what would happen if he didn't do it. Since Rose became one of the best wizard lawyers of the time, and therefor had to defend the new generation of Death Eaters, she wasn't able to live safely. According to the law, everyone deserved a voice in the courtyard, and thereby a lawyer, but according to the people, Rose was a traitor. They thought that if she was dead, this new Death Eater group wouldn't be able to defend themselves, and would straight go to Azkaban. Some other people took that as a challenge. "Sooooo I just have to sit here and wait for some people to attack me?" Scorpius asked, when he decided it would be safe to talk. "Grab a book if you like," was all Rose answered, concentrating on her case again. It wasn't Rose's fault that she had to defend them, so the Ministry decided they would find an Auror to protect her. Rose was very angry at this at first. She didn't need a babysitter! She had been in the top three in her DADA class — defeated by Albus and Scorpius. In spite of that, she decided to make the best of it. When Auror Potter, better known as Al, walked into her living room, Rose couldn't be happier. They hadn't spent much time together since they both left Hogwarts, and now they would have the chance to catch up. "Well, I must say Weasley, you look better than all those years back in Hogwarts." Scorpius closed his book and winked at her. "And you're still the same pain in the ass, shamefully," Rose replied, turning a page. She quickly grabbed her pencil to underline the words she was reading. That name, that phrase, she needed her. "I try to be nice, you know, for Al's sake," he tapped with his finger on the book. Rose knew that he was asking for her attention, but she didn't want to give him the satisfaction. "Just keep your mouth shut!" she said for the second time. It wasn't only because he was a pain in the ass, but also because she needed to concentrate. This piece...this was important. Mary Dolohov (halfblood) - bastard daughter of Antonin Dolohov (wizard, pureblood) and Jenn Daisy (muggle) - is the leader of the Knights of Walpurgis. Rose underlined Antonin Dolohov and decided it would be time to talk to her father about this guy. "Ey, Weasley, where is your boyfriend?" Scorpius sounded…almost nice, but Rose didn't buy it. Concentrate Rose , she said to herself. "I said: SHUT YOUR MOUTH!" The truth was that Nick Finch-Fletchley had broken up with her. Rose wasn't that sad about it - he had been very clingy. He totally agreed with the Ministry that she needed an Auror to protect her, but when he heard that Albus's back-up was Scorpius Malfoy, he decided that that wasn't going to happen. Rose didnt mind at the time - she didn't like the thought of Malfoy around her either - but later on she realized why exactly Nick had hated this idea. At the time it was very complicated, but in short, Nick had been so afraid of her cheating on him that he cheated on her. And that brought her here. Very single and no Nick if Albus wouldn't show up. Which was why Malfoy was here. Rose realized too, that she should've seen it coming. She should've known that Albus wouldn't come. The day before the two of them had been talking about his boyfriend-drama and Albus wasn't very happy that they were broken up again. They kept breaking up, because Albus was afraid to tell his parents his sexuality - although they're already suspecting it. Rose hoped that she finally got through him, because all this drama wasn't good for him - and her. :: :: :: While reading her case, Rose realized that the names that were written down wouldn't be new for Scorpius. Antonin Dolohov, Thorfinn Rowle, Walden Macnair. His father and grandfather had been...working with those men. And now all those men had bastard children everywhere. All of them turned out to be half-bloods. Half-bloods who wanted to finish what their fathers - and so Voldemort - had started. It wasn't exactly written down like that - that would cause an one-way ticket to Azkaban - but everyone knew that it actually was exactly like that and Rose Weasley was defending them. "A bit ironic this is, isn't it?" Rose said all over sudden. She stood up and walked with her mug out of her office. "What exactly?" he asked, following her. He closed his book and Rose saw that he'd really been reding in the book she gave him. A soft smile appeared on her face as she walked into the kitchen. "Coffee?" she suggested, knowing that he knew this particularly muggle-treat. "Yes, please," He answered and she grabbed a mug for him out of her cupboard. "Milk, sugar?" She asked, while she set coffee with the device her Granny Granger had given her. "No thanks," Scorpius said, still curious of what she had to say. Rose pushed a button and the device made a sound. She turned around when she began to speak. "Well, I'm in this case, where I'm defending the new generation of Death Eaters. I defend them, while I'm the daughter of the people, who fought against Voldemort, and you protect me, as the son of an ex-Death Eater." She gave him his mug when the device was done, and walked back into her office. "I'm simply doing my job, Weasley. Like you do. Like our parents did," Scorpius answered, but he wasn't that nice anymore. What she'd done, she didn't know, but she nodded, and sat down behind her desk. "How late am I going to be done?" He asked annoyed. Rose saw he was halfway through her book. He was a quick-reader. She knew that already, she realized. At Hogwarts, he'd been quick too. Perhaps she could just send him home when he was done reading her book. "Soon, I hope. My parents invited me at six and I can probably be there at five and they wouldn't mind. So four more hours, I think," she answered therefore. "Who are you going to kiss at New Year's Eve?" Scorpius asked, being his annoying-self again. "Perhaps that question would be as interesting as who aren't you going to kiss at New Year's Eve?" Rose striked back. "Well that would be easy. You," he smirked and she almost slapped him. The thought why she felt offended, really made her stop from doing it. Why did she felt offended anyways? She should've been happy he didn't want to kiss her. "I told you before: shut your mouth Malfoy. Otherwise you won't kiss anyone at New Year's Eve," she answered, instead of the slap. Not really the calm remark she wanted to make, but with the discussion going on in her head, she couldn't handle herself. "Ouch, Weasley. After you gave me coffee, I thought we were beginning to become friends." He didn't mean it, Rose knew, because he still felt offended by her remark. "You and I can never be friends, Malfoy. Way to complicated." With that, Scorpius stole her Daily Prophet , and Rose continued researching her case. :: :: :: "Five o'clock. Malfoy, time to bugger off," Rose decided. She was done with his remarks on everything in the Daily Prophet and hated the fact that she slowly began to like the fact he wasn't one-of-a-kind — like Nick. "I got the instructions, to bring you to a place where you would be safe and with other people, so you just have to wait for a few more minutes," Scorpius answered. Rose grumbled and walked into her bedroom. "DON'T YOU DARE TO COME IN!" she shouted, while closing the door. After she put her dress on and opened her curtains, she was shocked. "DAMN MERLIN!" she shouted again, but this time not because of Scorpius. "AM I ALLOWED TO COME IN NOW?" he shouted back. Well, perhaps he was doing his job. "NO. I'M COMING ALREADY!" Rose opened her door and walked to her living room, dragging Malfoy along. "Look at that !" She pointed at the white area outside. "That, Weasley, is called snow," Scorpius answered dryly. "Yes of course it is, but we can't floo here, apparating is too dangerous for me, and I can't walk out of my house, because I'm snowed in." It wasn't the first time Rose cursed herself for not having a fireplace. "So now you don't have a New Year's party, what a pity," Scorpius answered, clearly not realizing what this really meant. "Well, you haven't got one too, because you're not allowed to leave either." Scorpius swore when he realized she was right, and breathed in and out. "I need coffee," he said, and Rose rolled her eyes. She made some hot chocolate for herself, as they sat there on her couch. "I must say, I didn't expect to ever sit here on your couch," Scorpius grinned. "How funny you are. I'm going to send my family a patrones, so they won't have to worry." Rose stood up and thought about how she was going to survive this. "I'll send one, much safer," Scorpius interrupted her and walked away. After a few seconds he was back and sat there again. On her couch. With her hot chocolate. "Nice house you have," he said emotionless. "I'm not going to be nice to you," Rose said stubbornly. "C'mon, we're going to celebrate New Year's Eve together! Be a bit nice, Rose!" It was the first time she heard him saying 'Rose' when she was around. According to Albus, he sometimes called her Rose, too, when they were talking about her – Rose was especially curious, why they were talking about her, until she realized, he was Malfoy and not the time thinking about worthy. "Shut your mouth," she answered. "Please tell me, you got at least some food?" he begged. "No! I would celebrate it at home, why should I?" Rose actually didn't know if she had some food, but if she had, he would