You probably think I'm dead, but guess what, that aint true! I meant to post this on Valentine's Day because I love you guys, but well, that didnt happen. So anyway, if you're here hoping to read the most unique and never-heard-of HP/SS story of your life, boy will you be disappointed. But if - like many of us - those cliche fics are your weak points, you're simply looking for some entertainment for a boring afternoon, would like to meet a Pureblood Prince, or watch Severus tackle many dilemmas of a courtship, and meet a butler (yes, there is a butler, and that alone should make you want to read this story) by all means, settle into a comfortable position, may it be on a seat on a bus, on your bed, on those awful chairs at school, in the lecture hall at uni, by your worktable, or really just a bench out there in the park, and let us begin. The Mystery of Suitor No. 5 o.O.o Chapter One: The Pureblood Prince "I expect your paper on my desk by tomorrow morning, and mark my words, Potter, if you fail to do so again, Merlin help me, I will make sure you won't do anything else next month, just arrest muggle prankster." "C'mon, Snape, I was late once! Once ! And it was only five minutes! Kerouac got stuck in that damn toilet, not me." "Tell your excuses to the portraits, I am sure they are more willing to listen. Go now, or I will put Kerouac on your cases." "But-!" "Kerouac!" Severus called for the previously mentioned man and a second later, a young freckled, blond haired boy peaked in the office. "Yes, sir?" "Get out, Cody," Potter barked at the young man. Kerouac gave an uncertain glance at Severus, who just nodded. As the boy left, Potter looked at him again. His green eyes shined with hatred. Severus smirked. "You're doing it again. There's something else. I know there is. You don't punish me for being five minutes late with a report that was about a case we had closed in about five damn minutes. This is about something else. What is it, Snape?" It was about something else, Potter was right. Severus kept the smirk on his lips and did not answer. The green eyes darkened even more. "What is it? Did I mess up your precious paperwork? Did I miss a step in your ' pursue-arrest-interrogate ' method? Did I forget a deadline? Your birthday? What the hell was it?" "It is insulting that you still think you can lie to me," Severus said as the smirk slowly turned into a sneer. "I have known you since you were eleven , Potter. What on earth gives you the idea that you can fool me, of all people?" Potter's ears turned red. Severus huffed and turned his attention back to the reports his Aurors had filed in yesterday. On his part, the conversation was over. "I didn't lie." Severus stopped writing, his quill leaving a black blotch on the paper. He placed it gently on the desk and pushing his chair back, he stood up. Potter was leaning onto his desk and now, right into his face as well. He didn't pull back even when Severus drew his most menacing glare. "You must have misheard me, because you know better than any of my other Aurors that I do not repeat myself. I said, you lied to me. That is a fact, Potter, I need neither your excuses, nor your explanations regarding it." "I heard you perfectly, Snape," hissed Potter. "And I repeat myself, because you seem to be having some troubles hearing me: I did not lie to you." "Miss Blake would say otherwise." Potter reddened immediately. The blush was ugly on his skin. This wasn't the one he got when someone complimented him. This was the one he had after hours and hours of combat training. "I'm glad you finally agree, Potter." "I did not lie," he said again. Severus sighed, this was getting tedious. "Keep repeating it, Potter and you might convince yourself." "Cody did get stuck in the toilet that morning and he did hold me up, that wasn't a lie." "And then, knowing that I was expecting your report, that I came in earlier, just because you asked me to, you made me wait, because apparently you and Miss Blake had an important chat about china ." "Are you angry at me because I spoke with one of my co-workers?" "I'm angry at you because you made me wait. I'm angry at you, because you lied to me about the reason and I'm angry at you because you still have not learned your damn lesson: You. Do not. Lie. To me!" An owl swished in the open window. It landed on the desk between them. Severus reached for the letter, examining the fancy envelope. It was light peach coloured quality paper, thick, but smooth to the touch. There was no name, only an emblem, he did not recognize right away: a prancing black griffin in the middle of a yellow and silver crest. Below the symbol words were written on a ribbon: Aeternam Castitate et Honorem . Eternal Purity and Honour, Severus huffed, the words raising a red flag in his mind. He showed the emblem to Potter. "Have you seen this sign before?" "No," Potter shook his head, "but that sounds Death Eater-y." Severus rolled his eyes at the young man then turned his attention back at his letter. Carefully, he tore it open. Nothing dangerous fell out, only a parchment, same quality paper. He read through the letter, eyes getting wider and wider, heartbeat picking up after every impossible word. By the time he finished reading, his fingers covered his lips and his hand holding the letter was slightly shaking. "Is everything alright?" He looked up, suddenly realizing he wasn't alone. He gave Potter a nasty look as he asked, "Can you hear that, Potter?" "Hear what?" "That's your precious time ticking by. I would hurry if I were you. Kerouac is an ambitious young man." Potter gave an irritated huff but went to the door and wrenched it open. "Not Death Eaters, it take it?" He looked back, something like worry lifting from his eyes. Severus sighed, "Something much worse, I'm afraid." o.O.o The estate took away his breath. Ancient looking trees, as tall as Hogwarts stood proud surrounding the rock-strewn road. Far away they stood thicker and even more to the east they already formed a forest. Severus could see the edge of a lake, natural looking without the slightest artificial changes. Brown reeds like spears stuck into the ground lined the verge, but over them fully bloomed water lilies could be seen bathing in the sunlight. Then they moved out from behind the trees and there it stood the most beautiful sight Severus had ever seen since taking the first glimpse at Hogwarts all those years ago. On higher ground behind the lake, looking over the beautiful green hills of the estate stood Griffinstone, home of Cora Prince, mother to Eileen Snape. The house was a large stone building with numerous windows on all the three storeys. In the centre, a slightly protruding gateway signalled their final destination. The arched doorway had columns on each side. Above the gateway two figures, Severus could not yet make out what exactly, held a pediment with the Prince crest carved into it, he was sure. The classic Rolls-Royce was humming quietly, the chauffeur silent, ignoring Severus' gasps that he simply could not hold back. They drove around the lake, Severus' eyes not moving from the breathtakingly beautiful sight, but his mind wondering. He had lived for forty-one years without ever seeing his grandmother, ever even hearing a word about the Prince side of his family and now suddenly, he had been summoned. Though Severus had never had a connection with the family, he of course, knew about them. He had researched his own family line back when he created the Half-Blood Prince, but there wasn't much information about them. He knew their blood status was Pureblood and that his grandfather had died long before Severus was born, but other than that, he barely discovered anything. However looking at the estate now, he learnt something that made him smile with something close to pride. Even if he was dead to the family and the family to him, he came from a bloodline nobler and wealthier than even the Malfoys. The car stopped and before Severus could reach for the handle, the chauffer was out and on his side, opening the door. Severus thanked him then climbed out, looking up at the building that seemed now a bit more menacing with its grand height and adorned columns. He was standing at the bottom of the staircase which was guarded by two griffins on each side. Now he saw that the same griffins held the crest too, high above, beautifully crafted out of white marble with the attention to even the slightest detail. Severus wondered if they weren't in fact petrified beasts. "Master Snape," called a voice and Severus turned to the black clad, fancy looking man who was waiting for him a few steps away. He seemed a little bit older than Severus, with black hair, balding already. He was lean and stiff, holding his chin high, looking stern and polite, just like the house itself. Severus took a liking to him immediately. "Good afternoon," Severus welcomed him. "Mrs. Prince is expecting me." " Lady Prince, My Lord, and please follow me." The man pointed towards the gateway. "My name is Benjamin Carlson, I am the butler here in Griffinstone." "She might be a Lady, but I am no one's lord," Severus remarked quietly. "Do you know why I've been summoned here, Mr. Carlson?" "That is, I'm afraid, not for me to say, My Lord." Severus shook his head at the title, but followed the butler up the white stairs and through the gateway. The door was opened for him and Severus stepped through, this time expecting the grandiose sight yet nothing made him prepared for this . Vast entrance hall lined with columns, perfectly symmetrical, showed a huge staircase that lead upstairs. The stairs were covered with red carpet but beneath Severus's feet was old stone, burnished shiny from the century long use. Carlson was striding through the Entrance Hall, so Severus only had a glimpse at the statues and paintings, or the stucco ceiling. Then they were rushing upstairs and Severus was lead to one of the many doors. Carlson went through first and announced him and Severus heard a quiet, "Thank you, Carlson," before he found himself in a brightly lit room facing his own grandmother. They watched each other for a couple of minutes, silently, neither of them even trying to hide their curiosity. Lady Prince was old and strict looking with short white hair, piercing, almost yellow eyes and lips thin as razor. Though she was sitting, Severus suspected if she were standing they would be almost the same height. She was wearing silver robes, made out of satin. Her arms, crossed on her lap, were covered in black lace. She wasn't smiling, but then, neither was Severus. "Thank you, Carlson, you can leave now." "Yes, My Lady," came the response and Severus heard the door close. Then a house elf appeared, carrying a tray preparing tea for Lady Prince. Severus waved her away, feeling his hands shaking just a bit too much to hold a cup in this state. "Welcome Severus," Lady Prince said finally, watching him with hawk eyes over the brim of her cup. "Lady Prince," Severus nodded. "Ah," a fleeting smile crossed her lips and she held out a hand, "I am your grandmother, Severus, there is no need for such formalities. Cora will do." Severus stood and with a little