Prologue May 12, 1960 Susanna di Orcus sat silently in the home of Albus Dumbledore with a small sleeping baby girl in her arms. The child's name was Arella Deirdre d'Athane and she was both the daughter of an old friend of Susanna's as well as her goddaughter. The child descended from an ancient race of people whom the modern witch and wizard descended from. Commonly they were called Guardians but their true name is unknown. They were the children of gods blessed with the purest magic. However, as time passed on their race separated into two classes. The first and highest class was the Lucianes; they were those with the purest and strongest blood. The Nocturne was the second class and while they were called Guardians they were those whose ancestors were made Guardians by the Luciane. Tonight, however, Susanna, a Luciane herself, held in her arms the last descendant of the House of d'Athane, one of the most powerful of the remaining Luciane families. On this night the child's father died at the hands of another Guardian, a Nocturne, whom was following a mysterious and yet powerful wizard. "Albus I need your help," Susanna said her voice soft. "She has to go into hiding." "Understandable, as a Luciane the other Guardians will try to use her to their advantage. Not to mention that she may have been the target of the attack," Albus said as he poured tea for himself and Susanna. "I intend to place her with a Muggle family. However, I wish to have her sent to Hogwarts when she is old enough," Susanna explained as she looked at the child. "Her mother was a witch so she'll no doubt inherit the ability to use a witch's magic." "Do you think it truly wise to place her with Muggles?" Albus asked. "Yes…she'll be safest there. I'll place a small binding spell on her that will slow the growth of her Guardian powers," Susanna answered. "This child will be very powerful. She is Phoenix blessed although not the Phoenix's Chosen. She will still be powerful. You can see it Albus, Fawkes has been watching her intently since we arrived." "Yes I have noticed that," Albus said as he stole a glance at his friend and indeed the magnificent bird was intently and almost protectively watching the small child. "And according to you he is the legendary bird Endsong, one of the two heralds of the Phoenix." "Fawkes is most certainly Endsong. I told you that when you befriended the bird," Susanna smiled as she too gazed at the bird. "I will make sure that Arella attends Hogwarts, although I'm sure her wizarding blood has assured that already," Albus said firmly. "I will also ask Fawkes to watch over her as she grows up." "Something I'm sure the bird will do anyway, right Fawkes?" Susanna said as she turned her gaze back to the baby. Fawkes let out a soft cry in reply. Arella yawned and began to wake at the sound of the bird. The bird lifted itself into the air and then quickly landed near the child. He gave out soft notes in song that made the child open her eyes and giggle as she reached for the bird. The next morning Susanna took the four month old child to live with two Muggle parents, Edward and Charlotte Danvers. Chapter One: My friend the Werewolf July 12, 1966 Years had passed and the once four month old child became a kind hearted six year old child. She had medium brown hair that had faint natural red highlights in it and dark sapphire blue eyes. Her skin was naturally pale and in the summer sun became faintly freckled around her nose. At six years old her adoptive family had just recently moved and the young girl was exploring her new neighborhood. As she walked down the street she saw a large red bird flying overhead. In past years she had seen this bird before but always from afar. Quickly Arella ran after the bird hoping that she might actually get to see the bird up close. The bird led her to the small playground in the neighborhood before disappearing entirely. "Wait!" Arella called out as she lost sight of the bird. "Please come back!" "Who are you talking to?" a new soft spoken asked. Arella gasped and turned around to see a boy her age looking at her curiously. He was roughly the same height as Arella and had light brown hair and curious hazel eyes. "The red bird that I followed here," Arella replied as she looked at the boy. "Oh…" the boy said softly before he started to walk away. "Wait! What's your name?" Arella asked as she stopped the boy. He was the first actual person she had met since moving here. "Um…Remus, Remus Lupin," he replied clearly not use to other children talking to him. "I'm Arella Danvers I just moved here," Arella said brightly as she smiled at Remus. "Would you like to be friends with me? I don't have any." "You want to be friends with me?" Remus asked as if she were a little insane. "Yeah…is there something wrong with that?" Arella asked a little confused. Remus shook his head slowly and said quietly "I guess not…" "Do you not want to be friends with me?" Arella asked in a small voice and her eyebrows scrunched down in a bit of confusion. "Friends," Remus said with a happy smile as he held out his hand. Arella took his hand and echoed the word friends. And friends they were. The two became very close and soon, by accident of course, Arella discovered her friend's condition. She discovered it when she noticed a large cut on Remus's arm. The cut itself looked as though a claw of some kind had cut him. At first he was evasive but under Arella's constant questioning the young boy finally blew up and yelled "I'm a Werewolf!" at her. Afraid that she would abandon him the young boy instead ran home and away from her. Arella left Remus alone for a grand total of twenty-four hours before she went over to his home and asked to see him. She was greeted by Mr. Lupin who told her that Remus wasn't feeling well and couldn't have visitors. "Yes sir," Arella said softly as she looked at Mr. Lupin sadly. "Could you please give this to him for me? My mother made extra and told me to bring Remus some since he loves fudge so much." Arella handed Mr. Lupin a small hand wrapped box. "Of course Arella," Mr. Lupin said with a smile as he took the gift from Arella. "Good bye Mr. Lupin and please tell Remus I said to feel better," Arella said as she began to leave. "I will Arella and good-bye," Mr. Lupin said before he closed the door of the house. Mr. Lupin looked at the box happy to see his son have at least one friend. He went to the boy's room and knocked on the door. "Remus, your friend Arella was here to see you, she left you a present," he said as he opened the door. Remus lay on his bed with a book in his hands. He looked up at his father curiously. Mr. Lupin placed the box on the dresser and said "I'll leave it here for you. Are you feeling any better?" "A little," Remus replied softly. Mr. Lupin nodded, thinking that maybe he and Arella had gotten into a fight and that was why his son was faking illness. "I'll leave you to rest then," he said before he left the bedroom, closing the door behind him. Once his father was gone Remus got off his bed and went over to his dresser to retrieve the box. Opening it Remus found the fudge and a handwritten note from Arella. Dear Remus, I'm sorry I was bothering you. I want you to know that you are my friend no matter what. I don't care that you are a warewolf (I think that is how its spelled). That doesn't change who you are to me. Your my best friend Remus and nothing will ever change that. I'm not really sure how your being a warewolf changes anything cause your my friend. Please be my friend forever Arella Danvers Remus smiled as he re-read the letter as he munched on the fudge she had also given him. Afterwards every month Arella would bring over fudge for Remus to have after the full moon. June 1971 Susanna di Orcus and Professor Albus Dumbledore approached the Lupin home with news that young Remus Lupin would be permitted to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Mr. Lupin answered the door shocked and afraid at the sight of the Headmaster. "Professor Dumbledore," Mr. Lupin said as he opened the door further to allow the two guests entrance into his home. "I take it Remus will not be permitted to attend Hogwarts." "Quite the contrary Mr. Lupin, I have with me his acceptance letter," Albus said with a kind smile. "Perhaps we could discuss the reason for our visit with Remus as well." Mr. Lupin nodded and called for his son to join them in the living room. Remus walked into the living room curious as to why his father wanted him. "Yeah Dad?" Remus asked. "Remus this is Professor Albus Dumbledore the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry," Mr. Lupin explained. "Hello Remus," Albus said kindly to the eleven year old boy. "This is Professor Susanna di Orcus a teacher at Hogwarts." "Hello Remus," Susanna said in her soft voice. "Why are you here?" Remus asked, having the same fears as his father. "I believe this belongs to you," Albus said as he handed Remus his letter. Silently Remus opened up the letter and silently read it to himself. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Lupin, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclose a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins September 1. We await your owl no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Remus looked up from the letter shock written all about his face. "What about…" Mr. Lupin began. "I am taking precautions to have Remus taken to a secure place for his transformations each full moon. With these precautions in place I believe it is only fair to have Remus attend school," Albus interrupted. "However there is a favor I have to ask of the two of you." "And that would be?" Mr. Lupin asked. "You're friends with Miss Arella Danvers am I correct?" Susanna asked, although it sounded more like a statement. "Yes, she's my best friend," Remus replied. "Miss Danvers is a witch herself, however she has no knowledge of this," Albus explained. "We would like the two of you to come with us to help explain Hogwarts to her. I believe she will take all of it better knowing that her best friend will also be with her." Mr. Lupin and Remus agreed to go to the Danvers home to inform the Muggle family that their daughter would be attending Hogwarts. Edward Danvers was currently mowing his lawn when he saw his daughter's best friend, his father, and older man, and the woman who had given Edward and Charlotte their daughter. Edward turned off the lawn mower as the small group approached the lawn. "Mr. Lupin a pleasure to see you," Edward said as he greeted Mr. Lupin. "Remus, how are you?" "I'm fine Mr. Danvers," Remus said quietly. "Susanna, never thought I'd have the pleasure of seeing you again," Edward said as he turned his gaze to Susanna. Susanna was