A/N: Hello! So, I really really hope you like this story because it really tugs at my heart :3 Legolas at first is called Kidhuzel because Gimli doesn't know much about Elves and their culture, so he names him that unknowingly. I will try to explain how Legolas develops through the story :) Review please, hope you enjoy! Gimli felt lonely. He knew how to play alone, with only his toys as his company, but he enjoyed playing with other kids just as much. His cousins, even older than him as they were, gave little Gimli complete evenings of fun and adventures. But even on those days, the sun went down, and with it, Gimli's cousins left, but at least Fili and Kili had each other to play with when they went home, and even Ori, whose medium brother was much older than him, left whatever he was doing to play with his baby brother. But Gimli, he had no one but his parents, and they both had work to do, his father in the smiths and his mother in the market. So he stayed with Aunt Dis, or Uncles Dori and Nori, but most days on his own, and sadness would come on those days, sometimes making him just not play at all, and lie on his bed imagining how it would be to have a brother, one he could play with, and prank their cousins with, and sneak cookies into their room with, blinking innocently at their mother later. His parents would find him flat on his bed, eyes set on the ceiling, and some times they didn't even ask what he was doing, for they knew, and they knew what the conversation would be after their son's answer: "Ma, Da, why don't I have a little brother like Kili and Ori?" his big dark eyes in his small face staring intensely at his parent's. His father would go mute every time, and his mother had to fight back tears and bite back sobs. "My star, I-we have told you. I can't give you a little brother. It is very dangerous, I am not strong enough to have a baby." said Geira, her eyes set on Gimli's face, taking in the beauty and health of her only son so that she didn't lose her self to pain. Gimli only stared at them both for another moment and then went back to lying on his bed. Glóin and Geira kissed him and walked out from his room to do their normal chores and just leave the topic be. One evening, after Geira left Gimli's lunch in a paper bag and she went running to the family's stall in the market, Gimli went to his room and took out the Dwarven Soldier wood figurines Uncle Bofur had given him for his birthday and the Orc steel figurines Uncle Bifur made for him, forming a very elaborate strategy of war. While placing the soldiers of both parties, he figured he needed another player who moved the Orcs, because he obviously wanted to be the Dwarves, and there were many figurines to move all by himself. He kept seeing himself making the Dwarves charge against the Orcs while he finished placing the Dwarven Army, and starting with the enemy lines automatically, not really paying attention to what he was doing in favor of picturing his fellow player making the dying noises of the Orcs. When he placed the last Orc, a small voice spoke behind him, making him spin so quickly he scattered all his army across his room. "Can I play with you?" the small voice belonged to a slim small figure, with yellow hair that reached his shoulders. "Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to scare you" Gimli forgot his surprise and frowned "You did not scare me! I'm a Dwarf, I do not get scared!" The boy at his bedroom's door smiled and nodded "You are very brave then, if nothing scares you, I didn't know Dwarves were like that!" "That is why I told you we are. Who are you?" asked Gimli with curiosity. What was this stranger doing in his house? How had he come in? Gimli's ma had closed the door, and Gimli knew he didn't have to open the door to anyone. The boy smile solemnly at him and said "I'm Kidhuzel, your friend! Can I play with you then?" One of Gimli's brow shot up "You are not my friend, I don't know who you are." Kidhuzel's pale face fell with hurt, and Gimli hurried to say "We can be friends, but first we have to know in-intorduf ourselves! My name is -" "Gimli, I know that" Kidhuzel said before Gimli could finish, smiling broadly, and Gimli frowned again. "How did you know my name?" "I don't know, I just know it." said Kidhuzel shrugging, walking into the room and kneeling in front of Gimli. Something about Kidhuzel's face seemed familiar to the Dwarfling, though he didn't know what. "Gimli? May I play then?" Kidhuzel asked again when Gimli stared at him trying to remember where he had seen him before. "Ummm, yes, I suppose you can. Ma and Da say I have to learn how to share my toys, but I don't like sharing with Kili because he always throws my toys and I can't find them" said Gimli sullenly. "Who is Kili?" asked Kidhuzel curiously, now helping Gimli accommodate the armies again. "He's my cousin, why don't you know him? He is the son of the Princess, everybody knows him and his brother Fili." "I don't know, I have never seen him, only you" "Only me?" Kidhuzel nodded, placing carefully the Dwarves side to side. Gimli frowned once more. This boy was weird, and not only because he only knew Gimli, but because of how he looked. Now that he was nearer, Gimli wondered at the shinny grey of Kidhuzel's eyes, and of his body that though small was larger even than Fili's. He was very slim, nothing at all like any Dwarfling. And his ears, they were pointed. Gimli had only seen ears like those once, in a book in the house of Uncle Balin; he liked to keep books of the History of Middle-earth and he taught the smaller ones their History lessons. The book he remembered was about the war of the Last Alliance of Men and Elves, and the Elven warriors looked very much like Kidhuzel, pointy ears, long silky hair, though some had dark locks instead of yellow, and their faces pretty, though he thought Kidhuzel had a prettier face than the Elves in the books. Gimli flushed at the thought and continued arranging the battlefield. "Are you an Elf?" he asked, not looking at Kidhuzel. "I don't know, do you think I am an Elf?" "You don't know what you are?" asked Gimli almost shouting and looking at Kidhuzel straight in the eyes, what was it with this boy? "You are very strange!" "I suppose I am. But, do you think I am an Elf?" he said looking back at Gimli. "Well, I once read a book with Elves in it, and you look a lot like them, with your long ears." "The I am an Elf." stated Kidhuzel as it that settled the matter. "Yes you are." "You don't like Elves" "Ma and Da say Elves are bad." All the pieces were ready, and Kidhuzel looked oddly at Gimli. "We are not bad." "You didn't even know you are an Elf, how do you know you are not bad?" "Do you think I'm bad Gimli?" Gimli considered the answer for a moment. He didn't know Kidhuzel, and the closer he looked, the stranger the Elf seemed. But he didn't think he was bad, in fact, Gimli thought he looked very gentle and polite, unlike Fili and Kili, who weren't Elves. "No, I don't think you are bad" Kidhuzel's face broke into a very goofy smile that made Gimli giggle. "Let's play, you will be the Orcs, and I will be the Dwarves!" the smaller boy was ready to argue why he deserved to be the Dwarves as the host of the game place, when Kidhuzel beamed at him and took an Orc captain happily. "Prepare to die, Dwarf!" Gimli stared at him wide eyed "You are not gonna fight with me?" "Should I fight you? I don't want to do that, why don't we just make the toys fight?" asked Kidhuzel with certain sadness in his voice. "Kili always fights me when I tell him he has to be the Orcs! He hates being the Orcs!" "I don't mind. I'm not really and Orc, I will only pretend to be one so we can play and have fun" At a loss of words, Gimli nodded and their game started. The light that came through Gimli's stone windows from the lamps outside his house, shifted on the floor as the Dwarf guards changed the illumination of the streets in the mountain, and Kidhuzel amd Gimli took their game to the living room, making the Orcs hide from the rage of the Dwarves, and a little later they took the bread and honey from the bag Geira had left for lunch, but only Gimli munched in. "I don't need to eat, I'm not hungry, but thank you." said Kidhuzel, watching Gimli lick honey from his fingers. Then they wen into Gimli's room again and the Dwarfling told Kidhuzel all about his ma and da. "Da always says he knew he had been born to be happy when he met ma." "I want to know I was born to be happy" said Kidhuzel. "You are just a boy, boys don't get married, old people get married" said Gimli as if it was the most obvious thing. "It's alright, I can wait until I grow up." Gimli thought about when Kidhuzel grew up. Would he still be Gimli's friend when that happened? He had just met him, but he felt as if they were supposed to be together always, though, would they? Balin said that Elves dwelt in the forests together, and that seeing one outside of them was very strange indeed. Was Kidhuzel lost? "Where is your house?" Kidhuzel looked at Gimli for a long moment before answering "In the forest" "Why did you go out of the forest and came into our mountain?" "I don't know, I wanted to explore I think." Gimli nodded and got lost in thought again. Kidhuzel lied down on his bed next to him looking at the ceiling. The front door of his house creaked after a few minutes and Gimli jumped off his bed excitedly. "Ma and Da are here! Come Kidhuzel, I want you to meet them and tell them you are my friend!" Gimli was at the door of his room, Kidhuzel jumping gracefully down the bed and walking towards his Dwarf friend. Glóin and Geira heard the shouts of their son and ran to his room, but Gimli beat them and met at the small hall that separated their living room from the bedrooms. "Gimli, son what is-" "Da come! Come see my friend, he is an Elf Da! And he has long ears and his hair is yellow like Fili's!" Gimli was pulling Glóin towards his room excitedly as the older Dwarf exchanged a puzzled look with his wife. "An Elf, in a mountain?" asked Geira with doubt. "Yes ma he's in my room! He came to play with me and we had a lot of fun! Come ma!" The eagerness in Gimli's voice was such that his parents believed for a moment that and Elven child was in their son's room, which made them walk faster after Gimli, Glóin frowning. Bloody Elves, would they really let a child of theirs wander this far? "Kidhuzel! This is my ma and da!" The small Elf smiled towards his friend. Glóin and Geira entered the room to find it empty