The Poor Writer's Travel Diary Summary: "Travel the world with me, Bella. Let me show you what it has to offer." Some search for love. Some search for a story. Some search for a love story. • Chapter 1: Fiddling with a plastic hotel card, heavy in my hand, I wonder how on earth I have gotten to this point in my life: 23, single, four novels out, no bestsellers (though I must admit, two of them have acquired quite a cult following), and victim of the writer's block to end all writer's blocks. I sink back into the plush sofa chair in the middle of the lobby of the Savelli. Even in the morning, it's busy with rich business men and women. A quick glance around me at my lavish surroundings makes me hum in contentment. I can't focus on that, though. I haven't written a word in the past month. No, that's a lie. I've written a lot of words, but they've all been deleted, erased, scratched out, or otherwise disposed of. Most of them are on crumpled-up pieces of paper lying around my bed back home, and getting out of bed without a nasty paper-cut is like an early morning game of hopscotch. And when writing is your career and the only thing that funds your shoe obsession, words can't wait a month to be written. …which is why I'd decided that a vacation from sunny, peaceful Pasadena was exactly what I needed. I'd considered a lot of places in looking for inspiration - Chicago, Seattle, Austin… All I'd known was that I needed a big city (my pitiful attempt at getting inspired). I thought that the fast-pace life of the people around me would push me to get my ass into gear and start writing. When one of my best friends and old college roommates suggested that I come visit her in New York City after New Years, I figured…why not? Alice had moved out here a year ago to pursue her realtor dreams and was now pretty successful, knocking down 'For Sale' signs for penthouses left and right. She now lives in a penthouse herself, along with her fiancé of two years. I sigh heavily and glance at my watch which reads 11:47. Alice is late. Deciding to wait for her at the restaurant, I grab my bag and get up, running straight into someone in my hurry. New York is already rubbing off on me. " Shit, " I hiss as I stumble, nearly tumbling to the ground. My bag falls heavily to the ground, my phone slipping out of it and onto the marble floor. Hands grab my hips and steady me by holding me close to a hard chest. "Are you alright?" The voice is smooth and low, and has me looking up curiously. Deep green eyes meet my gaze. They're set against defined cheekbones and a sharp jaw, surrounded by a mane of perfectly coiffed dark brown hair. Broad shoulders draped in a crisp suit taper into long arms and large hands which are still burning holes through my jacket and jeans into my skin. I take a deep breath and step back. "Yes." I hold my voice firm. "I'm sorry about that." One corner of his lips quirk upwards in a half smile. "No worries." He cocks his head slightly to the right and studies me. His gaze is…burning. It's sort of like staring straight into the sun. Suddenly he breaks contact with me and reaches down to grab my bag and phone. His fingers linger on my hand as he hands them both over to me and I fight the sudden urge to shiver. "Thanks." I smile briefly, turning my phone over in my hands. "It's not broken, is it?" A glance up at him finds him nodding at my phone. "Oh, no, it's fine. It's nothing this phone hasn't been through before." I chuckle wryly. His lips pull up in a half-smile and his eyes take me in quickly from top to bottom. "Well take care. I wouldn't want you…or your phone getting hurt." He steps aside to let me pass. For a moment I simply stare at him, a little stunned that he would make a statement like that to a stranger. It's pretty obvious to me that he's flirting, but it throws me off guard to hear him do it so casually. I wonder vaguely how arrogant one has to be to do something like that. His half-smile widens into a smirk when I keep staring at him, and it's just as good-looking as the rest of him. I shake my head at his blatant arrogance and chuckle before striding past him. Readjusting my bag on my shoulder, I walk away from him as confidently as possible towards the hotel restaurant at the other end of the lobby. I slow as I near the host's booth, furrowing my brows. I glance back at where we'd just been standing, but the man is nowhere to be seen. I can't lie, I'm attracted to him. He interests me. "Bella, over here! On your right! Bella !" Heads turn to look at the woman screaming my name. Wearing a chic trench coat and a wide grin, Alice squeals and envelopes me in a big hug when I walk over to her. I smile into her shoulder and hug her back tightly. She can embarrass the hell out of me, but she's like a sister. Her eyes are bright when she lets me go. "Let's go get our table and you can tell me all about how you need a writer's block to come and visit your best friend." • "Tell me again why you never use your real name for your books." Alice dabs at her lips with her napkin. "Novels," I correct pretentiously. "And I want them to be successful on their own. I don't want my name to influence how they do." She rolls her eyes. "You really think that anyone's going to tie you to your mom?" I grimace. "I'm not taking that chance. I don't care that she's an heiress. I do care that she's an awful parent who ran out on her family at the first chance she got." "Fair enough." Alice knows better than to push me on that subject. "Another drink before dessert?" I hesitate. "I shouldn't. It's not even two." I have no idea where this responsibility came from all of a sudden. She just shushes me and waves a waiter over. "Two more glasses, please." She lightly taps her glass of chardonnay as an indication. "Certainly ma'am." I stare at her, walking a thin line between amusement and exasperation. Her blue eyes widen in innocence and she tucks a lock of pitch black hair behind her ear. "What? Don't act like you don't want it. Besides, we have to celebrate you finally being in New York." I groan as she picks up her newly-topped glass and motions for me to do the same. "To your first time in the east coast and a much needed break from the constant stress you put on yourself." We clink and drink deeply. Our desserts arrive a minute later and we're both momentarily distracted. "You do realize that this isn't a vacation for me, right? I mean, I'm doing this to get myself inspired to write. I can't be here just to have fun." I pluck up my dessert spoon. "Oh calm down, Debbie Downer, it's not all that bad. At least you're doing it, you know? You're really writing. A writer is all you ever wanted to be and, well…here you are." I hum around a spoon of panna cotta and shrug. "I guess. Something about it doesn't feel right, though, like I've just completely missed the ball." Alice studies me. "What's that supposed to mean?" I sigh. "Well, I'm writing, but…I'm not. I'm not writing about anything significant. It's just page after page of what my editor thinks will sell." "I hate your editor," she groans. "James is such an asshole and he never lets you write what you want. Not to mention, he's kind of a perv." I snort, not disagreeing. My spoon circles the edges of my cup, making sure to gather the last of the vanilla goodness. "What about you? Last I heard, you were selling houses to the stars." "Now you know I can't mention any names." Her grin is wicked. "Oh come on, I'm your best friend!" I laugh. "Well, let's just say that he isn't an officer, but I have proof that he is a gentleman." "Stop." She just smirks. The waiter comes over with the bill and I quickly pay it before she can protest. We make our way back to the lobby, where Alice pauses and reaches into her bag. "Now, don't get mad, but…I bought you a late Christmas present." "Alice…" "Oh, calm down. It's not even that big." She hands me a beautifully-wrapped rectangular box. I take it and shoot her a grateful, curious smile. "What is it?" I shake it lightly. "Telling you what it is would defeat the purpose of wrapping it, wouldn't it?" She rolled her eyes playfully. "Open it back in your room." I grin and place it carefully in my bag. She grabs me and pulls me into another warm hug. "I'm really happy that you're here, Bella. I know that you're here to get a job done, but don't forget to have fun." She pulls back to look at me. "Remember that short story you wrote for me when we got drunk right before finals in freshman year?" I snort. "How could I forget?" "You edited it the next morning and it was the first story you ever really wrote." She shoots me a meaningful look. "Do you see what I'm saying?" "I think I do." "Good." "You want me to get drunk and pump out a New York Times bestseller." "Ha." She grins at me and shakes her head. "You're such a dork." "Gee, thanks." "But I love 'ya. Which is why we're going out for drinks tomorrow night. No excuses." She interrupts the protests at the tip of my tongue. "So take it easy today and get prettied up for that." She waves and before I know it she's strutting off towards the doors. "Bye." I pause. "Wait - you think I need a day and a half to get pretty?" She just blows me a kiss and hands the valet her ticket. • The room I'd picked was just a standard single, but it feels like a suite. The bed is large and lying down on it makes me feel like I'm sinking into a cloud. The bathroom is luxurious, with a large bath and a shower room - just the way I like it. Not to mention the warm lighting throughout the room makes me want to just lie back with a glass of rosé and a good book. No time for that though. I set up my laptop on the desk with a blank word document. "Let's do this," I mutter, rubbing my hands together as I sit down. I take a deep breath and rest my hands on the keyboard. Inspire me, New York. Ten minutes later, I sit back and stare woefully at the blinking cursor - the only sign of life on the page. Meanwhile, my phone has been going crazy with beeps and rings from WhatsApp and Facebook (probably from friends back home wanting to know how New York has been so far) on the other side of the desk. My fingers itch for it. "Oh, screw it." I snatch up the phone and after a few minutes of reassuring people that I'm still alive, and pretending to have more fun than I actually am, I set the phone done. My gaze returns to my computer screen and that damn blinking cursor. A few more minutes of