(' Hi everyone! So this is the result of me challenging myself to write something short. I always end up writing like 100 chapters but I just wanted to write something short this time lol. Also, I have been wanting to write Slutty!Draco for a while now, as well as Free!Draco so I worked that into it too. Enjoy the smuttyness lol) Draco bit his lip and smirked to himself. Who blessed him with such good looks? His hair, platinum blonde, his face sharp and his eyes a perfect grey. His body, slim, slightly wide hips, thin, dainty hands, long, smooth legs. No wonder every single man in the world wanted him. That night didn't start very different from the others. Draco had his mind set on getting laid that night. He was feeling extremely horny, and he just wanted a really good time with a really hot man. And he didn't feel ashamed about that. There was really no reason to be embarrassed. He wanted some dick, and he knew he could get anyone he wanted if he just put himself out there. Therefore he dressed in white, tight fitting jeans, and a thin, very expensive, navy blue shirt. People would know exactly what he wanted, but they would also know he damn well wasn't cheap and didn't settle for anything less than the best. He considered the high heels for a moment but decided against it. He always ended up attracting people who wanted him to wear them in bed. And even tho they were pretty, they sure as hell got uncomfortable after a while. So Draco went out to his favourite gay- club. It was called moonlight, and its main purpose was to help people hook up. Wizards only, of course. When Draco stepped inside he instinctively picked out a blue glow-in-the-dark bracelet from the counter. Blue was for bottoms, red for tops, and purple was for those who could go either way. He put it on, and sat down at the bar and ordered his favourite drink. Amortentia. Of course, that was just the name, not the real thing, but it tasted bloody amazing, and it was quite strong. He sipped it as he looked out over the many dancing bodies on the dark dance-floor. It was hard to tell if there was any person of interest yet. All that could be seen was dark figures and glow-in-the-dark bracelets. Within ten minutes he had already turned down three people. Draco loved turning people down. It gave him a confidence boost. It let him know that he was too good for them. Only the best was good enough. He downed his drink and rested his chin in his hand as he tried to make out any specific people in the crowd. But it was impossible from this distance. He got another drink, turned down some more people, had to explain that he was not part veelah a couple of times, and got another drink. Twenty minutes passed by and no person of interest had shown up to talk to him yet. Most often all he needed to do was sit around and wait for a shagable person to come up to him, but he was just too horny to sit around at the moment. He downed his fourth ( fifth? He couldn't remember) drink and got out on the dance floor. He loved knowing that people were looking at him as he walked by. People stared at his ass as he walked past. He loved it. He unbuttoned the top button of his shirt and danced. He danced and just let himself go for a few minutes. No goal in mind, no musts, no has to's, just fucking dancing and being slightly drunk. And then.. Big, warm hands found their way onto his hips, following along with his movements. Draco looked down and saw a bracelet glowing red. he grinned. The hands were nice, his skin was slightly darker than Draco's, and they were so warm. And quite respectful actually. They didn't have a grope, they just danced with him. Draco grinned up against the ceiling and backed up against the warm stranger. He lifted his arms up and the hands travelled up his sides, feeling his curves and sending tingles up Draco's spine. The hands travelled up Draco's arms, took his hands and brought them down, holding them as he pressed their bodies together. Draco closed his eyes and let the stranger lead their dance. He could tell this man wasn't an amateur in the slightest. And he definitely wasn't shy. Respectful, yes. But not shy. He pressed his crotch against Draco's ass and Draco happily wiggled back against him. Either this man was hard, or huge. Possibly a little bit of both. Could he blame him? He was dancing with the hottest boy in the bar. The hands gripped his thighs and guided him sideways. Draco grinned. He knew this move. He grinded on the stranger's thigh and the stranger held his hips and thrust against him. It felt incredibly erotic. Draco half-gasped and leaned his head back on the man's shoulder, eyes closed, and felt soft, wet lips on his neck. He shuddered. God that man could kiss. He opened his eyes just a bit and noticed that the man's shirt was Gucci. Perfect. Good at dancing, rich, and good style. Draco felt himself get needier and needier for every move they made together and grabbed the stranger's wrists and guided his hands to his inner thighs. He gasped when the hands squeezed and rubbed them, moving closer and closer to his bulging crotch. Draco's body was growing desperate and tried to grind against the hands. Very undignified, and he couldn't care less. To his relief, a hand cupped his crotch and allowed his some relief as he rubbed himself against the warmth. It felt good. Insanely good. He moaned, but not many people could have heard it over the loud music. The hand squeezed again, and Draco whispered a silent " please ". the hand didn't move away as those wet lips whispered in his ear. " Do I buy you a drink or can I take you home immediately? " The voice was deep with arousal and almost purring. Almost familiar somehow. Draco shuddered again and grinned. He reached back and put his arms around the Strangers neck. " Take me home if you think you can please me. " He teased and left the stranger's crotch dig into his arse. Of course, he had already proven he knew a thing or two about pleasing a man. Draco giggled as the stranger lead him into a dark corner and turned him around. He knew what this meant. It was way too dark and with almost no lights, it was impossible to see much. That just make it more exciting as the man pressed him up against the wall and grinded their erections together. Draco moaned, aware that the stranger could probably hear him now. His warm, strong hands tangled into Draco's hair and kissed him passionately. Oh. Merlin. His lips were so soft, his tongue so skilled, his hands so gentle, his body so hot. Draco could barely think. His kisses sent tingles straight down to his crotch and he moaned a little more than he probably should. In less than a minute they were grinding against each other in a very undignified way. " You think I can please you? " The voice said, and a hand gripped his arse tightly, making Draco gasp and lean his head back. Such a grip... " Y-yeah. " Draco panted, pressing into the stranger's hand. " Think I'm good enough to give you a good night? " The voice purred and a hand slid into his pants, in between his arse cheeks. Draco rolled his eyes back and moaned as the finger teased his entrance. He couldn't believe a dance, a few kisses and a few gropes had made him desperate enough to allow himself to get molested right here on the dance floor. How had become this undone? " Merlin, yes~ " It was a moan just as much as it was an answer to his question. " I'll apparate you home to my flat, yeah? " " Yeah. " Draco whispered and gripped onto the stranger's shirt. And with a pop, they were gone. Draco found himself in a bedroom. A nice, big bedroom with a big bed and the curtains pulled closed so it was very dark. He didn't care about what else he could find in the room because he was being kissed again. Those heavenly lips on his, making him unreasonably weak. He felt the stranger's hands unbutton his pants and he leaned his head back and grinned. Finally. He unbuttoned the stranger's shirt as well as he could with his shaky hands and was soon pushed down on the incredibly soft bed. He looked up at the man. He had messy, dark hair, a gorgeous jawline and glasses, but he couldn't make out much more. He watched the man take a drink of a bottle placed on the nightstand. " Whats that?" Draco asked. " Firewhiskey. Want some? " " Fuck yeah. " He took the bottle and down three whole mouthfuls. He was going for a fourth when the man pulled his pants off and he coughed in surprise, spilling some on the bed. " Shit, shit, sorry… " He mumbled and put the bottle back on the nightstand. " Don't worry about it, let me just.. " The stranger turned on a lamp and their eyes met. Draco's heart threatened to stop. The warm hands, the messy hair, the hard crotch and the wet lips belonged to none other than Harry bloody Potter, who looked just as shocked to see who he had laying in his bed. Draco blinked, and none of them spoke. " Malfoy?" The voice was no longer confident and purring. " Potter? " He responded carefully. They looked into each other's eyes for a long moment, thinking about what on earth they should do now. Do they continue and possibly have the best night of their life, or do they call if off because of their history together? Draco swallowed and tried to think rationally thru all the alcohol. Then he saw something deep in Harry's eyes. It was almost like a fire. Something hot, something determined, and Draco grinned. " To hell with it? " " Fuck yes. " Harry's lips were back on his, and now, it somehow it felt even better. It felt so dirty. He knew he probably shouldn't do this, and that was a kick in and of itself. He moaned into Harry's mouth and they grinned together. " You look amazing without those pants on. " He said next to his ear, the purring tone was back in his voice. " Take yours off too. " Draco panted and took his short of and Harry removed his pants and both their shoes and socks. Only in their boxers now, Harry carefully took Draco's bracelet off and tossed it down on the floor. Draco had been doing this long enough to know that was a dominance thing. He grinned and didn't protest at all as Harry removed his boxers. His amazing lips kissed his neck before moving down~ down. Over his chest, stopping by his nipples for a while before going down to his stomach and kissing along the base of his hard cock. Draco felt Harry nuzzle into his pubes and hum, sending amazing vibrations thru his body. And then came the wetness. Harry's mouth wrapped around the head of his cock and Draco let out a strangled cry. His tongue was truly talented, even in other places. It swirled, rubbed hard in his slit, licked and sucked on the wings of his tip while he bobbed his head quickly over the whole thing. Draco curled