Note: This was written as a gift for thebluelake as part of AO3's Hunger Games Spring Fling Fic Exchange. The first sight that always caught Peeta's eye when he looked out his back window and into Haymitch Abernathy's yard was the swimming pool. Their houses were on opposite sides of the block so their backyards met in the middle, separated only by the rickety wooden fence that surrounded Haymitch's house. His own yard was nothing special, just grass maintained to a level of perfection that gave it an almost artificial quality. And he really wasn't much for horticulture. There weren't any flowerbeds or shrubs or a garden lined with crisp vegetables and fragrant herbs. Nothing he could plant would be as interesting to look at as the wild expanse behind Haymitch's place, anyway. In the two years Peeta had been his neighbor, he'd never seen Haymitch attempt to mow his yard. For that matter, he wasn't entirely sure Haymitch even owned a mower. The few times Peeta offered to help, Haymitch would hurl empty bottles and epithets at him until Peeta finally gave up. So beyond the fence, instead of fit-for-a-golf-course perfection, were thick blades of crab grass dotted yellow with dandelions each Spring, noxious weeds that climbed the exterior of the house, and wildflowers that lasted until the first frost of the season. In the middle of it all, nearly swallowed up by the tall grasses and brush around it, sat a rusted metal structure that had once been a child's swingset, now a haven for wasps that nested in every available crevice. The pool was next to it, the faded azure plastic cracked and filthy, dry as dust. A thicket of berries crawled up the ladder that no feet had touched in years. Inside were two thin maple saplings that must have sprung up through cracks in the bottom, with spindly branches that peaked out over the top, making the whole thing look like a gigantic, neglected potted plant. Peeta wasn't sure he had ever seen anything more heartbreaking. Or more beautiful. That morning, though, something else managed to divert his attention. For once the curtains covering Haymitch's sliding glass back door were open, giving him an inadvertent peak inside the kitchen. A girl who looked to be in her early twenties set a plate of food in front of him. He started yelling but the sound was muffled and Peeta couldn't tell exactly what Haymitch was yelling. The girl yelled back, though no words were discernible. Just noise. He wondered who she was. Haymitch rarely had visitors. It was hard to get a good look at her. She kept moving in and out of sight. From what he could tell, she was petite with a lean, athletic body, with coal-colored hair tied back into a braid that fell just below her ribcage. Peeta watched as Haymitch flung a forkful of what looked like eggs toward her, and she slid open the door and stepped outside. "If you wanted someone to be nice to you all the time, you would've asked Prim to live here instead," he heard her shout. "If the kid weren't still in high school I would have, sweetheart ." That last word was tinged with too much hostility to be a term of endearment. The girl slammed the door shut and turned around, and her eyes unexpectedly caught his. She scowled at him. He moved away from the window. It was his day off from the bakery and because of that, he had a full day of nothing to look forward to. He had a lot of days off lately. Business had been slow ever since the new Walmart opened down the street. Among its many amenities, like the Starbucks and the free Wi-Fi, was an in-store bakery. With low, low prices. Where customers could buy their bread and cakes and pastries and pick up toilet paper or a quart of motor oil all in the same convenient location. His own bakery, squeezed between a consignment shop and a vacant building that used to house a bookstore, was a much emptier place than it had been just a year ago. He knew the economical thing to do would be to lay people off and do most of the work himself, but jobs were hard to come by, and so he made sure to give his employees as many hours as he could afford. The economy would eventually turn around, he told himself. Because if there was one thing Peeta Mellark was good at, it was clinging to the hope that things would eventually get better, though more and more often he was struck with the likelihood that he'd be waiting forever. He awoke to the sound of singing in the distance. He'd been dreaming when he heard it, the sound just floating there in the background, then, as he made the fuzzy transition into wakefulness, realized it hadn't stopped. It was a female voice, low and throaty. He wouldn't call it angelic or birdlike or any of the standard clichés to describe a beautiful voice. It had a raw, sultry quality to it. Definitely not an angel. Whoever it belonged to had feet planted firmly on Earth. He threw on a pair of pants but no shirt, and followed the sound until he stared out his kitchen window. That girl who lived at Haymitch's house was on her bare knees, in a burgundy tank top and khaki shorts and no shoes, plucking weeds from the cracks in the patio. An orange fishing hat shielded her face from the unrelenting August sun. He was pretty sure he recognized her song, an old standard his father had liked years ago. When Peeta opened the window for a better listen, the screen popped out and landed with a plop on his own cement patio. The girl abruptly stopped. Their eyes locked for a moment, even through the window. She dropped the handful of leaves and stems crushed in her fist and retreated back into the house. Peeta wouldn't be able to stop thinking about that voice, about the girl who possessed it. Even days later, it continued to haunt him. The girl's name was Katniss. He knew this because he heard Haymitch shouting it followed by the sound of shattering glass while Peeta mowed his lawn one morning. They were always shouting at one another, Peeta noticed. He never knew what about. Katniss, as she had almost every morning in the two weeks she'd been there, slammed the back door behind her as she trudged her way through the backyard. He'd never seen her without a glass barrier before. His heart sped up against his will. The force of the door's impact caused a piece of siding to pop out of place above her. She strained on her tiptoes to reach it and push it back where it belonged, making her tank top – the same one she wore the day he caught her singing – ride up, exposing a strip of smooth, olive skin. The garment appeared well-worn, fraying at the bottom. A loose thread dangled below and swayed like a pendulum with each movement she made. He found himself fascinated with it, squinting in the sunlight for a better look. Foolishly envious of it because of its proximity to her bare skin. He had to pry his eyes away so she wouldn't catch him staring again as he continued to push his lawn mower forward. That night as he lay in bed, he thought of that loose thread hanging from Katniss' red tank top. He imagined tugging on it, lightly, of unraveling every inch of fabric until there was nothing left covering her. He thought of her pert breasts that probably fit perfectly in his palms. His hand traveled below his sheets and slipped beneath the waistband of his shorts. He was already hard. As he stroked himself, he speculated on the color of her nipples. Of what they might taste like. Emboldened, he allowed himself to whimper her name when he felt himself getting close. He tried not to think about the fact that he was jacking off to a neighbor he'd never spoken to. Who was probably just a little over half his age. But those thoughts were pushed aside when he remembered the way she sang, and imagined the kinds of noises she might make if he fucked her. It was the hardest he'd come in recent memory, but he was so ashamed he wouldn't even let himself enjoy it. The irony struck him, as he stood there with his phone cradled to his ear, that there was once a time in those last strained years of his marriage when he wanted desperately for Clove to communicate with him more. "You're a real piece of shit, Peeta, you know that?" She was legally required to inform him when she wanted to take their five year-old son Max out of the state. For some reason, it was very important to Clove that she take him to DisneyWorld the week before school started. "This is my weekend with him," he repeated firmly, but Clove cut him off before he could say more. "Cato and I both have the week off. You'll be right there when we come back. It's not like you ever go anywhere anyway." He wanted to retort that Cato had every week off. The man was unemployed. For someone so promising with an Ivy League education, Cato Fuller had a difficult time keeping a job thanks to his volatile temper. Peeta's thirteen year marriage to Clove soured approximately a nanosecond after the honeymoon. He would say that they had become strangers living in the same house, but looking back, they were never anything more than strangers who occasionally sat across from one another at restaurants or next to each other in darkened theaters, and moved together between their sheets. They never really talked about anything important. When Clove did speak to him, it was usually to complain, or go into great detail about an item she wanted to purchase, or go on about work. Soon, even that talk ceased. Except when it came to Cato, her then-coworker and former childhood nemesis. He and Clove had attended the same private school together. They hadn't been friends. Clove had been adamant about that. They were rivals, always competing for the top grades, awards, scholarships. They barely tolerated each other, or so she said. Peeta had always been aware of the rumors, and in that last year, Clove didn't try very hard to hide it. The infidelity had merely been the final straw, of course. The truth was, he had more unhappy memories of his marriage than happy ones. They stayed together out of convenience, mostly. And maybe, if he was truly being honest with himself, part of why he'd stayed for so long was to prove some sort of point. To himself. To his family. To everyone. When Peeta brought Clove home the first time, on Spring Break during their sophomore year of college, his mother had laughed, looking him in the eye and telling him he could never keep a "quality girl like her" interested for long. His response was to stand ramrod straight, look her directly in the eye with equal intensity, and to simply tell her she was wrong. Conversely, when he met Clove's parents, her father took an instant dislike to him. No one was good enough for his little girl. That only fueled her attraction. Peeta would eventually win the man over, but by then it didn't matter much anymore. The only good thing to come out of his marriage was Max. Clove had never wanted kids, and they were always very careful, so it came as a shock when Clove became pregnant. But Peeta had been elated. Because of his own childhood, he'd always questioned, somewhere in the back of his mind, whether parenting was something that