A/N: If this chapter looks familiar, it's because it was submitted for the final round of Prompts in Panem on Tumblr (and it's on Ao3). I should have stayed home. I've been repeating it like a mantra all morning. I said it just after dawn in the woods when a thorny blackberry bush snagged my shirt, leaving angry pink trails up my arm. I said it again when some late-season wildflowers – ones I'd been meaning to take home to my mother and Prim to dry and turn into medicine – had been destroyed by the year's first frost. Whenever I looked up at the colorless sky that's persistently threatened to open up and pelt me with rain, I said it then, too. It was even worse in the Hob, today being what it is. Some, who'd seen me with Gale over the years, offered me congratulations. They probably wondered what I was doing there with dirty hair and clothes, game bag slung over my shoulder, instead of at the Justice Building where he was, in his best trousers and the shirt he'd worn to his last two reapings. Most others, who knew better, just looked at me with eyes full of pity. I honestly don't know which bothered me more. It's not like I'm losing anything today, I tell myself. Whatever it was that Gale and I were has been lost for some time. Still, I should have stayed home. When I think back on everything that went wrong between us, my mind always seems to drift back to a little over three years ago, on Reaping Day when I was sixteen. That morning we sat in our place on the rock ledge facing the valley, feasting on berries and soft bakery bread and Prim's goat cheese. Remembering the puzzling comments he made, I should have known deep down what he wanted, while I thought I'd made it perfectly clear what I didn't want. It isn't uncommon in District Twelve for young couples to get married soon after their final reaping. And though there was nothing romantic between us, it seemed that was exactly what Gale had in mind. It's what everyone else expected, too. The seamstress, like the mayor, loves strawberries, and one time when I was at her shop to trade she told me no less than three times how much it would cost to rent a white dress. Darius, who'd tug at my braid and joke about trading game for kisses, lamented that he'd have to stop teasing me once Gale made an honest woman out of me. Gale, too, started making these cryptic little remarks like, Someday when we get our own place... or Don't you think autumn's the best season to have a toasting? But what really set me off was the time he came across the tiny bow my father had made me when I was young and made some offhanded comment about one day teaching his son or daughter to hunt. Then he slipped and referred to the child as ours . It launched the worst argument we'd ever had. I told him I was never going to have kids, and how could he , knowing what kind of a world he'd be bringing them into? To face sickness, starvation, the reaping. When he spoke of escaping to the woods, I told him he was being naïve. We'd get caught, for starters. If it were just the two of us, it would be hard enough to pull off, but our families are too large, especially his. And how could we even think of leaving them? I'd never be able to live without Prim. Besides, I had better things to do than become another Hawthorne baby machine. As soon as those words left my mouth I knew it sounded like a dig at Hazelle. I suppose it sort of was. In Gale's steely eyes I could see that familiar fire that usually ignited whenever he ranted and raved about the Capitol. Only this time it was directed toward me. We screamed at each other until we grew hoarse, scaring off all the game within a mile radius. When we were done, Gale dumped half the contents of his bag at my feet and then stalked off toward home. It would be months before we'd speak again. With Gale working full-time in the mines, I made sure to go to the woods during the week when I knew he wouldn't be there. Gale started teaching his brothers to hunt on his only day off. So on Sundays I stayed home with Prim. I mostly helped her tend to Lady. Milking. Making cheese. Fixing up the wooden house we built to shield her from the elements. It's what I'd be doing right now were it any other Sunday. But today I could go out freely. Rory was nice enough to drop by last night and let me know that Gale wouldn't be hunting this morning in case I wanted to venture out there. Of course, that isn't the real reason he came over. Everyone knows he has a crush on Prim. Greasy Sae likes to joke that it's the worst kept secret in the district. I can't help but feel a little bad for him, though. In the last year or so my sister has developed a strong interest in boys, but she has a very specific type. And Rory, with his dark hair and gray Seam eyes, isn't it. I hesitate when I reach the back door of the bakery. I could always count on the baker to give me a few rolls for one of my squirrels, provided his wife wasn't around, but he's been dead over a year. He lived just long enough to watch all three of his sons age out of the reaping before dropping dead from a brain aneurysm a month later. I've traded with his oldest son a few times since. He's about as talkative as his father was, though not nearly as friendly. He doesn't live there anymore. I hear he got married a few weeks ago. There seems to be a lot of that going around lately. There's no yelling, the tell-tale sign that the baker's widow is around, so I knock. When the door opens, I recognize the man who answers. The middle Mellark son. "Squirrels, right?" he asks. I nod. He starts to head back inside. When I make no move to follow, he adds, "I'm supposed to be watching a pot. Just come in. We can haggle from there." I'm still frozen in my spot as he regards me carefully. "If it's my mother you don't want to see, don't worry about it. She's at the Cartwrights' playing cards. Does it every Sunday, so this would be a good day to come trade, for future reference." "I don't usually come out on Sundays," I say. By next week it will be business as usual for Gale. Sure, he'll be living in his new house. With his new wife. He'll still need to eat, though. And I still plan to avoid him. "Any other day's good too," he tells me. "Even when she's home she doesn't come downstairs much anymore." He peers back inside. "Look, if I don't get back in there I might end up burning the place down." This time when he turns around, I do follow. I've never actually been inside before. I could never afford to buy anything, and all my trading has occurred outside the back door. When I cross the threshold I'm immediately assaulted by warm, sugary bakery air. The scent hangs heavy around us, and I can't imagine how anyone can live here and not be near-mad with hunger all the time. The middle Mellark – I can't remember his name – heads to a stovetop against the rear wall of the kitchen and starts halfheartedly stirring something that's simmering in a giant metal pot. That's when I see him. The only Mellark whose name I've bothered to learn. Peeta doesn't see me. He's standing at the counter in the center of the room only a few feet away, his eyes fixed on the cake he's decorating. And now I know I should have stayed home. Because even though people from the Seam can rarely, if ever, afford cake, or bread for that matter, I can't shake the idea that it's for Gale. It seems I can't escape this day no matter where I go. The cake in question is small, about the size of an acorn squash, and frosted in a shade of green that reminds me of spring leaves. I watch as Peeta pipes brightly-colored flowers around the perimeter, similar to the wildflowers that grow along the edge of the Meadow. Orange tiger lilies and blue chicory blossoms and sunny yellow dandelions. For just a moment he looks up and his eyes latch onto mine. I wonder if the dandelions spark the same memory for him. Is that why he's looking at me? Because he expects me to acknowledge it? I know I should say something, but I'm not sure what. I had no intention of coming here to talk about anything not relating to squirrels. Before I can even try to work up the nerve, I'm aware of a voice in the distance. It must be directed toward me, because Peeta's gaze goes back to the cake in front of him. His brother watches me expectantly. "What?" I ask. "I said I've never eaten squirrel before," the-Mellark-who-isn't-Peeta says. "They any good?" I don't know how to answer. I've never had the luxury of choosing my meals based on how they taste. During the leanest winters Greasy Sae makes a vile stew using the meat from caught mice, chopped up pine bark, and maybe some pig entrails taken from the back of the butcher shop, and I'll devour a bowlful of the stuff. I'll eat just about anything that won't kill me. But I am trying to sell these. "They're good," I tell him, trying to sound as convincing as possible. He raises an eyebrow and then gives me a look as if studying me. "It's funny, you coming in today," he says. "We were just talking about you, weren't we, Peeta?" Peeta doesn't acknowledge his brother's question, but for some reason his cheeks and the tips of his ears turn pink. His brother continues, nodding toward the cake. "When the order came in we thought you were the bride." So it is for Gale. Suddenly the promise of bakery bread is a lot less appealing than it was a moment ago. "Well, you thought wrong." It's only after I say it that I realize my teeth are clenched. "I recognized the name," he goes on. He runs his spoon limply through the pale yellow custard bubbling in the pot and then turns his back to it so he's facing me. "Gale Hawthorne. We were in the same year in school. Saw you and him together a lot. And then it was the mayor's daughter who came in to place the order. Peeta here says you were friends or something, so we both kind of figured…" I feel my face grow warmer, and I know it's not from the heat of the ovens. The idea of them discussing me unsettles me even more than the gossip at the Hob. Frankly, I'm surprised the baker's youngest sons even know who I am. All I know is that I'm done talking about Gale and weddings and cakes. If the bakery floor could somehow open up and swallow me whole, I think I'd welcome it right about now. "Rye," Peeta speaks for the first time since I arrived, and points toward the bubbling pot. "Watch what you're doing." His face is flushed. He looks agitated. I wonder if he's not used to outsiders standing in his kitchen while he's trying to work. I guess I would be bothered