A/N: So - welcome to our new Remus/Regulus fanfic! Another collaboration between M3535 and Zayhad. Againg the raw material is the result of a long RP between the two of us. It will be processed and edited as we go along. So although the RP is already written, it will take quite a while rewriting it to fit the fanfiction style. We will publish every Thursday as usual. Hope to see some of you old readers again and welcome new ones :) Zayhad will make an illustration for every chapter. To see it, go to deviantart dot com and look up Zayhad . She has a folder in her gallery with the story's name on it. And if you would like to leave a comment on the art but don't have a deviantart acount, you're welcome to write it in a review here. Zayhad will be most pleased. Disclaimer: Characters belong to the awesome J. K. Rowling Chapter 1 – Welcome to Hogwarts The car rolled up to the curb next to the large castle-like building, its walls made of solid granite stone, stretching towards the skies. Large rhododendrons in pink, purple and white decorated the green lawns, and in the middle of the courtyard stood a giant old willow. Remus looked out the window and hid a cough behind his hand, hoping his mother wouldn't hear it. She always worried too much about him, and having been bedridden for almost a month Remus was not keen on being sent back to bed. He picked up his bag and got out of the car. "Thanks for driving me." "Of course, baby. Now, you take good care of yourself. Are you sure you don't want me to see you in?" Remus bent down and looked into the car. "I'm eighteen, Mum. I'll give you a ring later to let you know how my first day went, yeah?" The hallways were full of students and Remus had to be careful not to bump into anyone as he steered for the secretaries' office where had been told to check in once he arrived. He spotted a young woman sitting by the foremost desk chatting with a boy with round glasses and very messy hair. "Er... excuse me?" said Remus. They both looked up. "Oh," said the boy. "Are you Remus Lupin? The new bloke?" "Yes," nodded Remus. A wide grin spread across the messy-haired boy's face. He shook Remus' hand enthusiastically. "Welcome to Hogwarts! I'm James Potter. Prefect. I have been given the distinct honour of showing you around." "Nice to meet you," smiled Remus. James looked Remus up and down. Remus suddenly felt self-conscious about his second-hand uniform. "Well, I see you got the right uniform and all," James smiled and straighten his own crooked tie. "So you got in on a scholarship?" he asked as they set out on the tour. Remus nodded. "I got in on my English and Art skills." "Brilliant!" beamed James. "Well, you'll get the best teachers here. It's a great school, but half the students aren't that bright, really. They're only here because of their parents' money. Remus studied James for a moment and then dared to flash him a grin. He had been very worried about how he would be received by the other students, who were all rich kids except for the few, like Remus, who were there on a scholarship. "How come you weren't here the first couple of weeks?" asked James when he had shown Remus the impressive library. "I... I was ill," said Remus. He knew he still looked quite pale and his mother had not been keen on letting him start at school already, but Remus really wanted to go. He was tired of lying around at home with nothing to do but read. "Right. You sure you're all well? You look sort of peaky," said James, studying Remus. "I'm fine," assured Remus. "I feel much better than I did yesterday." They continued the tour, James showing Remus every part of the school and talking avidly all the time. James was obviously very popular; many students greeted him as they moved around and he introduced Remus to everyone who stopped to talk. "Jamie!" called a voice behind them and Remus turned to see an extremely handsome boy coming down the hall. When he reached them he swung and arm around James' shoulder. Who's your new boyfriend?" he grinned and looked Remus up and down. "That's Remus Lupin, our new student. Nice bloke. And Remus, this is my tosser of a friend, Sirius Black." Remus gulped and gave Sirius a friendly nod, trying not to stare. "Nice to meet you," said Sirius. Then he turned to James. "Who are you calling a tosser?" "I always call a spade for a spade." "What a way to introduced me to the new bloke. What won't he think of me now?" The very handsome boy winked at Remus. "Oh, I-I'm sure you're a nice bloke," said Remus. The bell rang and all the students started milling down the hall in both directions. "You better be off to History," said James, giving Sirius a push in the right direction. "Although old Binns probably wouldn't even notice you coming in late. I'll see you when I'm done showing Remus around." "Fine, fine," said Sirius and swaggered down the hallway. Several girls turned their heads to look at him and giggled as he passed. Remus himself couldn't help but look as well but quickly turned his head back to James. "Nice guy," he said and smiled nervously. "The best. He can a right twat sometimes, but he's the best and most loyal friend anyone could ever want. We've been tight since pre-school. You got your schedule, right? What's your first lesson?" Remus looked down at the schedule. "Math," he sighed. He was good at many subjects but Math was not one of them. "I was supposed to report to the school nurse with some papers from my doctor. Could you maybe take me there before I go to my lesson?" "Of course. I'll wait outside while you talk to her." James knocked on the door to the nurse's office. "Madam Pomfrey?" "Yes, come in," sounded a voice. "Sit down, Mr. Lupin," said the nurse when she had greeted Remus and closed the door. "You have some papers for me?" "Yes," said Remus and opened his bag, pulling out the papers and handing them to her. "They should all be there." She looked through the papers. "You have a defective immune system disorder? Tell me about it." "Well," started Remus. "I get ill easily and I get very ill. I've often ended up in the hospital just from a simple flu, so I have to be careful around sources of contamination." "Right," said madam Pomfrey, looking serious. "I will inform your teachers and ask you to come see me if there is anything. My door is always open." "Thank you," smiled Remus and got up from his seat, shaking her hand. He found James waiting for him outside. "Thank you for bringing me. I'm sure I would have walked around for hours trying to find it on my own." James eyed him curiously, probably debating with himself whether to ask why Remus had to see the nurse. "There's only half an hour left of you first lesson, so it isn't really worth disrupting the whole thing in the middle of it. Professor Vector is quite strict. What's your next lesson?" James studied Remus' schedule and smiled. "Brilliant! We have the same lesson - English. Then you can meet my next-best friend." Remus nodded, hoisting his rucksack over his shoulder. "Which teacher do we have in English? Is that a strict one too?" "No, no. Flitwick is brilliant. You'll like him." James took another look at Remus' schedule. "We have most of the same lessons - that's brilliant! McGonagall is very strict too. But fair. She's Physics teacher and Deputy Headmistress. Slughorn, Chemistry teacher, and Sprout, Biology, are both very friendly. Oh, and you take Philosophy, I see. Professor Trelawney is a right nutter. No idea how she got the job. And Sinistra for Art. I don't take Art so I don't really know her." When the lesson was over, Sirius found Remus and James. "This is Peter," he said, introducing a short, blond boy. "Peter - this is Remus, James' new boyfriend." Peter looked very surprised for a moment but then seemed to get that it was a joke. "Let's go sit in the canteen for a bit," suggested James. "We have ten minutes until next lesson." Sirius left them for a moment and returned carrying a very large cup of coffee. "Can you even finish that before next lesson?" asked Remus. "Easily. I'm a speed drinker," grinned Sirius and took a large gulp of the steaming hot drink, making Remus feel pain in his throat just by watching. "Oh, look who's here," said Sirius and nodded in the direction of a red-haired girl who had just entered the canteen. "Your girlfriend, James. Or at least you wish." The girl spotted Remus and recognition appeared on her face. "Remus!" she beamed and ran over to hug him. "So you're finally well enough to start?" James' mouth fell open as he stared at them. "How do you know Remus?" "He can thank me for being here," said the girl, Lily. "I was the one who gave him the idea to apply for a scholarship." "But how do you know each other?" demanded James. "I met Remus in Ollivander's book store. He works there once in a while." "I see," said Sirius and elbowed James. "Remus knows Lily outside of school." Remus nodded but noticed how sour James suddenly seemed and he quickly removed his arm from Lily's waist. Lily also noticed James' face and snapped, "Oh, stop it. You don't own me, Potter!" Then she gave Remus a kiss on the cheek. "See you later, Remus." James gawked as she walked away and then they all turned to look at Remus. Remus gulped nervously. "So what's up with you and Evans?" grinned Sirius. "Nothing," said Remus, feeling the blood drain from his face as he got more and more nervous. "We're just friends." "Right," said James stiffly and got up. "We better get to our next lesson." Sirius trailed a little behind James and Peter with Remus. "Hey, don't mind him. He's just a bit jealous. He's been fancying her for years, but she won't go out with him." "Well... there's really no reason to be jealous of me and Lily. As I said, we're just friends and it will never be more than that." Sirius raised an eyebrow. "She isn't interested in you? She certainly seemed friendly enough." "It's more me who's not interested." James spun around, having obviously heard what Remus had said. "What? You don't fancy a goddess like her? What's wrong with you, mate?" Remus stared at him with wide eyes. "I... I didn't mean that she isn't a nice girl and pretty and everything. It's just that..." He gulped, feeling very uncomfortable under James' burning gaze. James was clearly waiting for a very good explanation. "Well... I'm... I'm gay," continued Remus in a low voice James looked taken aback but then a grin spread across his face. "That's wicked, mate!" he said, swinging an arm around Remus' shoulder, as if they were old friends, as they started walking again. "Don't look so nervous. We have no problem with that, do we, lads?" "Of course not," said Sirius and put an arm around Remus from the opposite side so they took up most of the space in the hallway with Peter walking beside James. Remus smiled and felt relief fill him. "I'm glad," he said and took a deep relaxing breath. "I was a little nervous about telling. You never know how people react to it." They entered the classroom and sat down in a