Let's get this out of the way – Stephenie Meyer owns all characters in this story! A/N: This is my first story, so I really hope you like it. Your reviews will be like chocolate to me. I have a... thing for chocolate. Review! Chapter 1 - Edward Cullen BPOV I couldn't get his hair or his eyes right. His bronze hair was in his face as he looked down at his lunch. He was hunched over with his hands balled up in his lap. He didn't move to eat or drink anything. It's been a week since he came here, and no one has seen him eat. Everyone whispers and murmurs that he's anorexic. I didn't just want to believe it right away, but I was starting to believe it now as I watched him as discreetly as I could. I looked back down at my sketch and smiled softly. I got everything else perfectly. I just needed his pretty bronze hair and beautiful dark green eyes. I've tried so many times. I've erased so many times. I wanted to try again, but I didn't want to have to erase again. The paper was starting to wear out, and the pencil marks that I did erase were starting to not disappear too well. I sighed and looked up at the clock that hung on the wall above the cafeteria doors. There was only five minutes left. I stared down at my sketch of him, but slowly looked up through my lashes at the real thing. He still stared down at his lunch with a blank expression. His green eyes looked over his items, but he still didn't make a move to eat any of it. His skin was pale and he had dark bruises under his eyes. He still looked handsome, though. Exhausted and handsome all at the same time. He didn't look anorexic... I guess he just doesn't like the food here. No one really does. I didn't know I was chewing on the end of my pencil until the bell rang loudly. I jumped out of my daze and looked around. Most people were already out of the cafeteria. I looked back down at my sketchbook with frustration. I wanted to finish it. I took another bite out of my apple before packing up my things and stuffing them into my bag on the back of my chair. I threw away my apple and the empty water bottle on my way out so I could make it to Biology. The same class he had. The class where he sat beside me. Also the class where he doesn't say anything. Doesn't make a sound. I looked to my left from the corner of my eyes. He stared straight ahead at the teacher. His penny colored hair was pushed back out of his face. His green eyes looked lighter with the sunshine shining on them. For Forks, the sun was rare, but welcomed with open arms. No one complained. My hand itched to reach down by my feet to grab my sketchbook from my bag. I wanted to viciously start sketching his eyes as he looked at the board with little interest. His face was always blank. He never looked interested in anything. I quickly looked away as he shifted in his seat. I looked back slowly as he picked up his pencil. He looked down at his notebook and started to write something down. I wanted to lean in closer and see what he was printing. I could see that his writing was very neat. I think neater than mine... "Isabella!" I snapped my eyes over to Mr. Banner as he called my name. He was at the whiteboard, tapping the marked surface with his index finger. He had red and black notes all over the used to be shiny white. I swallowed thickly and felt my cheeks warm with embarrassment. I could feel eyes on me from almost all angles. I took and deep breath before breathing out an apology. My eyes flickered to him before I looked down at my own open notebook. He wasn't looking at me. He only let his gorgeous eyes flicker to the board before going back to his page. Thank God. I think I would have gotten light-headed if he had been looking at me. He's never looked at me before, though. He doesn't look at anybody. When the teacher asks him a question, he'll usually stare out the window or something like that. My hot face cooled as I read the first part of the notes and copied them down into my notebook. I didn't dare look over at him again. I didn't want the trouble or embarrassment again today. I know it'll happen again some day, though. I stood at my truck with my bag thrown over my shoulder. He faced away from me as he leaned against his silver Volvo. I knew he was waiting for his brother and sister. Jasper and Rosalie. They weren't with Edward at lunch. I guessed that they had just gone to do something else like every other time. I've only seen them sit together at lunch once, and that was their first day a week ago. His hands were in his jacket pockets. His hair was starting to darken to a dark brown as the spitting rain hit his perfect hair. Seeing Rosalie and Jasper walk down the stairs from the school made my pulse quicken. Just looking at them made me nervous; especially Rosalie. Her face and Jasper's were both blank. Their skin pale. She had eyes almost the color of violets. Jasper's eyes were a dark blue. His hair was honey blonde and slightly curly around his face. Rosalie's was a pale blonde, straight, and quite long. If you saw all three Cullen siblings walking together somewhere, you would get out of their way without a second thought. I almost chuckled as a group of girls walked by and looked Rosalie up and down with wide, jealous eyes. Rosalie also had the body of a supermodel. Most girls wanted to be her, and all guys wanted to have her. I just wanted to stay away from her. I was grateful that I had no classes with her or Jasper. They got into the back of the Volvo swiftly and gracefully. I got into my big red truck as soon as he opened his door and got into the driver's seat. He started his car. I started my truck and cringed at how obnoxiously noisy it was. I did love my truck, but it so just so noisy, rusty, and big. Ugly. I held my breath and hoped none of them would look over. They didn't. I should have expected it. They never do. I looked down as he drove out of the parking lot. Once they were gone, I looked back up and blushed when I noticed other people watching me with raised eyebrows. Some were sneering as my truck sputtered and grumbled. I hurried out of the parking lot and got home as fast as I could. I knocked on Emmett's door after hearing the retching sounds coming from his room. He had been sick all of last night as well. He had been out with some guys from La Push. He got drunk and Charlie had gone out there to get him. At 19, I'm not surprised that he was drinking. Emmett is just like that. He was made for the party scene. Lauren Mallory had bothered me today, asking where he was because he wasn't over at her place instead last night. When Emmett had told me that he was dating Lauren three weeks ago, I had slapped him in the back of the head. I knew he went for the blondes, but he could do so much better. He later went on to explain that it's all the sex. He'll get over her soon enough. I shook my head and waited for him to answer me. "Yeah?" He croaked from the other side of the door. I opened the door and poked my head in. He was only in his boxers, the blanket tangled around his ankles, and flopped on his stomach. He was leaning over the side of the bed, gripping the bucket beside his bed until his knuckles turned white from how tightly he gripped. A sheen of sweat covered his entire body. I did feel bad, but he also did it to himself. "Why'd you do it if you knew this was going to happen?" I held my breath and picked up the bucket to go and rinse out in the tub so he didn't have to get sick into even more vomit. I left his door wide open so I could hear his answer from in the bathroom that was just beside his room. If Charlie was here, he would tell me to not do this for Emmett. But like I said. He did this to himself, but I still felt bad, and because he's taken care of me when I've been sick. Helping someone was just something I did without thinking about it. I walked back into his room when I was done and set it back down beside his bed. I raised my eyebrow at him, urging him silently to give me an answer. He looked up at me with his light gray eyes and groaned, letting his face fall into his pillow. "It was hard not to with everyone else drinking. Sam handed me a beer and told me to enjoy myself... so I did." His deep voice was muffled by the pillow as he explained it to me. My fingers curled until my hands were fists. Sam Uley. He was 22, and drank with his buddies all the time. By the time Charlie got there last night, they had already left Emmett there leaning up against a tree. Charlie had told me the entire thing while shaking his head and rubbing his face. Sam and his crew were nothing but trouble. Everyone knew it. "Stay away from them. Do you want Dad to arrest you one of these days? Sam and his gang will get you behind bars in no time," I chastised as he kept his face pressed into the pillow. "Do you understand? Are you even listening to me?" I gripped his sticky shoulders and grunted as I rolled him over onto his back. He was pure muscle. His eyes were closed and his mouth was hanging open. Snores escaped from his throat as his head lolled to the side. So much for lecturing him. I just shook my head at him before walking out and closing the door gently behind me. I didn't know what to do as I looked around the quiet hallway. I suppose I could wash some dishes and do some laundry. I put my hair up into a ponytail before making my way back downstairs to scrub some dishes. Emmett just snored louder when I went into his room to grab his dirty clothes. I rolled my eyes at him and left him in peace once again. I grabbed Wuthering Heights before flopping down on the couch and opening the book to my saved page. I got caught up in the book in seconds. The sun went down as I read page after page. The timer went off for the washing machine. I switched the wet clothes into the dryer before getting back into my own world. I jumped in surprise and dropped my book in my lap as the door opened and Charlie's heavy boots clomped against the floor. It was a moment of panic when I thought the book closed, but it was still on my page as I picked it up from my lap. I've read it so many times, but I didn't want to waste my time trying to find the page again. "Bells? Em?" "I'm in