DISCLAIMER: I don't own Harry Potter. Only the plot is my own. A/N : Some of the supernatural elements in this story are inspired by The Wait written by pelespen, who writes brilliant Sirius/Hermione stories. That's where the similarities end though. [I was - still probably am - clueless about Celtic folklore, and this idea would not have happened if I hadn't read that story. Although it's on temporary, hiatus, do check it out. :)]T his is primarily going to be a Marauder's Era story. Some things may not make sense initially, because there is a time for everything. On an another note, I have major laptop problems so I'm mostly writing this longhand, which means updates will be slow. I didn't want to post this story at all until I'd written 10 chapters at least, but I've written only some of it. However, it's all a bit disorganized at the moment, and I'm procrastinating, so I decided that I will start posting now, if only to hold myself accountable. I will try to post every fortnight at least, but if I don't... well, life is hectic, and I'd rather not compromise on the plot so bear with me till I update! Happy reading! ^_^ PROLOGUE PART I - SIRIUS James and Lily were laughing as he let Harry ride on his back as Padfoot. Suddenly, their laughter twisted and turned into rage unlike any he had ever seen on either of their faces. " You killed us!" James yelled. He choked and fell on his knees. "I- I didn't know… Please… Prongs!" " It's too late now" Lily said coldly. Two bolts of green light hit them both in the chest one after the other. Cold. Dark. Alone. Sirius woke up in a cold sweat. Eerie silence greeted him. The darkness threatened to swallow him; the shadows seemed to mock him. He was alone. He was lonely. But he wouldn't cry, no matter how much he wanted to. He didn't deserve that release. He made his way to the kitchen and opened the last bottle of Ogden's finest on the shelf. ' Must ask Moony to buy some more.' He settled himself on the table with nothing but the dim fire and his whiskey for company. This had become a nightly ritual. He had accepted his sleeplessness. It was his punishment. "Sirius" Remus greeted as he stepped out of the Floo. He paused upon seeing the slumped figure on the kitchen table. "Couldn't sleep?" he asked gently. Sirius grunted. "Sirius…" Concern. "You know that you can talk to me" Concern that he didn't deserve. He felt the hand on his shoulder and it took all his power not to jump into his friend's embrace and allow him say it wasn't his fault. But he couldn't. It was his fault. He couldn't talk to Remus about it. Couldn't let it be okay. It wasn't okay. Not from Remus. Remus who was his best friend other than James. Moony who was his brother, a fellow marauder. Moony… whom he had not trusted. Moony, whom he had chosen Peter over. But if not Moony then who? No one. He was resigned to his loneliness. He deserved it. "I came to tell you that Hermione will be coming a week earlier than the Weasleys. Her parents are going overseas for a conference." He grunted again in acknowledgment. "Hello Hermione." "Hello Sirius." "The Weasleys will be here only next week. I'm afraid you're not going to have any company until then." If she noticed that he had not volunteered himself as company, she didn't comment. Instead she smiled brightly and followed him to the room she was to share with Ginny, one floor above his own. He gave her free reign of the library, which he assumed was enough to make up for any lack of company. He was mostly right. She spent all her time in the library and in her room, and he cooped himself up in his room, only coming out for meals and to tend to Buckbeak. They spoke only during meals. They respected each others' space. It worked. He saw James and Lily's accusing faces again. This time, Harry was there too. He looked at him with hate and disgust. " You're the reason my parents are dead! You're the reason I grew up abused by the Dursleys! You deserve to be in Azkaban." " No! Wait – Harry!" He reached out but found himself unable to move as Harry turned and walked away. The darkness closed in on him from all sides. He curled into himself and whimpered. Just when he thought he could no longer breathe, a sudden calm washed over him, pulling him away from the darkness. He felt a soft hand gently stroke his hair back rhythmically, while another wiped his brow with a warm cloth. "Shh… You're safe now. Go back to sleep." It must be a faery, he decided as he listened to a soft tune being hummed and was lulled back to sleep. He didn't dream again that night. When he woke up, he was sure it had been a dream . A dream . That, in itself, was a change from his regular nightmares. Nevertheless, he felt lighter than he had in days as he went down to breakfast. He was still lost in his thoughts when Hermione interrupted him. "Could you pass me the salt, please?" He froze. Her voice sounded almost like… 'Nah… I was completely hammered last night after all.' He chuckled as he passed her the salt. She raised an eyebrow in confusion. He shrugged it off. ' There's no way.' The rat. He escaped. But he couldn't go after him. He needed to distract Moony. He fought with the wolf, but his weakened state was no match. He whimpered as the wolf slashed him and casually threw him aside. He tried to get up and felt himself falling down into an endless abyss. Dementors. All around him. Cold. Dark. Alone. He couldn't breathe. He couldn't move. He saw Harry trying to make him get up, but he couldn't even speak. He resigned himself to his fate. He felt the dementor in his face as something came undone from the very core of his being. He screamed. He could no longer hold on. "SIRIUS!" He jolted awake, panting; gasping for breath. He hardly noticed his shivers until a warm blanket was wrapped snugly around his shoulders, making him jump at the contact. She rubbed his shoulders, trying to bring some heat back. It worked. He found himself leaving the coldness of his mind and welcoming the warm, human contact. His exhaustion almost put him to sleep as he lay back down and turned his back to her. He missed the contact already. "Thank you. You can go now." He said, without looking at her. He was afraid to look at her; afraid to look into her eyes and find pity there. He felt her linger for a few more minutes before the soft click of the door announced her exit. He was alone again. Only the shadows in the dark kept him company. He avoided her the next day. He didn't even show up for meals; he had Kreacher bring them to his room instead. He made sure to be in a different part of the house than her at all times. But the day waned, the night came, and along with it, his nightmares. " You were supposed to protect him Padfoot." James accused. " We trusted you."Lily added. " You left me all alone Padfoot" Moony shook his head in despair as he faded away from him. It was the same dream – nightmare – every night. James and Lily accused him; sometimes the older Harry joined them. He would then be made to watch as they died, without being able to do anything to help. He would see Moony accuse him of leaving him alone; of not trusting him. And then the dementors came. Cold. Dark. Alone. ' It's enough', he decided, willing himself to be consumed the darkness this time. Instead, he felt himself being pulled into a warm embrace as a gentle voice shushed him. His sleep was gone and, with it, his release. This time, he already knew it was her. He pushed her aside roughly and swung his legs down the other side of the bed. He had his head in his hands and his back to her. There was silence. He thought she had left, until he felt her hand press down on his shoulder. He shrugged it off and looked at her with the darkest glare he could muster. " Leave me alone! I don't need your help!" he shouted. She flinched but remained standing. She looked at him with an unreadable expression. How could he tell her? How could he tell her the real reason he didn't want her help? That there was a selfish part of him he hated to acknowledge that wanted his daily nightmares to continue? He wanted the nightmares to continue because no matter how painful they were, he got to see his best mate again. He would accept James and Lily's accusations and hate a million times over, if only he could take it all back. If only he could see them one more time. Pathetic. How could he tell her that? "Sirius… let me help you." She said, quietly; firmly. "Didn't you hear what I just said?!" he yelled, standing up and towering over her. "I don't need your help and I don't want your sodding pity! " She looked taken aback. But it was his turn to get startled as her previously unreadable expression clouded into one of anger. "You think I pity you?!" she asked incredulously. "Well, flash news! The world doesn't revolve around you Sirius! Yes, you've had an awful life – more horrible than most, I admit – but that does not give you the right to behave as if the rest of us have been living on rainbows all this time! Think about Harry – abused by the Dursleys before coming to the magical world, only to bloody fight Voldemort year after year! Think about Remus – he couldn't keep a single job for more than a month because this prejudiced society won't give him the same rights as another human being!" He flinched at the examples she used and angrily interrupted, " Yes! I know it's my fault! It's completely my fault! I should have been there for Harry and Remus instead of running off after Pettigrew for revenge. Or better yet, I should have trusted Remus." He sat back down on the bed, pulling his hair. "I should have trusted Remus." He repeated in a broken whisper. She kneeled down and gently pried his fingers away, holding his hand between hers. "I'm not blaming you. None of it is your fault and you didn't deserve any of the bad things that happened to you." She pressed her fingers to his mouth before he could interrupt. "The point is, Sirius, most of us have not had easy lives. But do you see anybody else complaining or drowning themselves in self-loathe? It's nobody's fault but You-Know-Who's! If you feel responsible, fix it. Help us win this war. Help us finish him once and for all. Harry needs you Sirius." "Harry needs you." She repeated cupping his face with her hands. " Harry needs you Padfoot." "You're his family." " You're his Godfather." "If anything happens to you, he'll have no family left." " If anything happens to us, you'll be the only family he has left." How could he have forgotten? Those words spoken so long ago now forced him to face reality. His vision blurred as he tried to focus back on Hermione's face. "Let me help you." Warm tears streaked down his cheeks. Soon, the tears changed into gut-wrenching sobs that had him convulsing