-Meg's pov- I stared down the aisle at the pharmacy store; the aisle I peered down had a abundance of fertilization protection. I walked down the aisle until a took a shaky breath grabbing a pregnancy test. Quite ironic that they have a aisle full of protection and then there is just pregnancy test in the back. It was like it was mocking you. I could almost hear it laughing while saying forgot protection. Well guess what, you're probably pregnant; enjoy the hormones but I think I am just going crazy. I stared at the test for a few moments. It really does feel like doom when you're thinking that you have accidentally got pregnant. I held onto it, my head held low as I walked to the cashier. I placed it on the table, hiding my hands from public. Because I knew that if I didn't have a ring, then people would assume I'm some teenager that made a mistake. Which most of it is true, but I am 22 no teenager; but I sure looked like one sometimes. "One seventy-five" the cashier said. I rummaged though my bag before finding a five dollar bill; I placed it on the counter and said nothing. I received the test in a box and my change back and started to walk out. The sky was painted with pink and orange. Sunset. I held the test in my hand; which was shaking. I glanced down at the test and cussed. I was pregnant. Normally, I should be happy. Instead I almost shrieked. I felt many emotions flood in at once. Fear, anger, helplessness, and...joy? maybe I could feel a little happy. But that won't last long. I know it would bring more problems. Having a baby would cost a lot of money. I wasn't the most financially steady. But I didn't have the heart to get rid of it. I couldn't get rid of a child. Even if it did happen by mistake. But I don't even remember who the father was. I could only remember it being a one night stand. His face was a blur in my memory. I remember, hair, he had blonde hair—I think. But hey, cut me some slack. It was my birthday. I got drunk and it just happened. I guess I couldn't control myself. I hated myself at the moment. I slipped up, now I had to deal with the consequences. I threw out the test. That's when it finally hit me; I was going to be a mother. And I wasn't ready. Not yet. I washed my hands and walked into my bedroom where I slipped onto my bed and rested my head. I sucked in the air and shivered. I kept reminding myself that it may be inaccurate. It was inaccurate I may not be pregnant. That would be good. But knowing my luck I was pregnant. After a few minutes of lying in silence I grabbed the phone and made a appointment for a sonogram. I twisted and turned on my bed. I couldn't get to sleep and it was 9:57 PM. Then I heard a knock at my door. What the hell? I got up groggily and headed to the front door, opening it hesitantly. And then he appeared. What was he doing here at this our? "Apollo?" I questioned. He smiled "hey Meg" Apollo said leaning against my doorframe. I frowned "what are you doing here at this hour?!" I asked irritatedly. He shrugged "I was bored" was his reply. "Such a poet" I muttered. I was about to shut the door on him when he invited himself in and sat down on my gray couch. I walked up and sat on the other end of the couch with my legs tucked in. I smiled despite the events of before I was glad to see Apollo. After making amends with Apollo and defeating Nero he visited me weekly; or on a special occasion. Like my birthday... Then I muttered a cussed. That's when everything came back to me. Apollo was the blurred face. "Meg, what's wrong?" Apollo asked. I wasn't sure if this child was actually real so I didn't mention anything about it "nothing" I said. He nodded and just brushed it off. "So...How have you been. You had a pretty bad hangover" Apollo claimed. I shrugged "i'm fine, don't worry" I said quietly "hangover is obviously gone. So I am fine" Apollo nodded "yeah. I got some hangover. Who would've thought" Apollo smirked, he was obviously leaving out the part that he remembered everything. I could see it in his eyes. But he's the god of prophecy, how didn't he see this coming? because I know if he did, we'd both not be in this situation by now. I guess maybe he can choose what to see or not, is that how it works? I don't know I never asked him when his godly-ship returned to him. Or maybe he did remember, but that was almost two and a half months ago, maybe he forgot. But I wouldn't find out, not until I tell him. Which I wouldn't tell not unil I started showing, mainly because I can't hide being pregnant forever. If I am. But maybe I can hide the fact it's a child of Apollo. "Meg?" I heard Apollo say. I shook my head slightly. I must've been lost in thought "seriously what's wrong, you're normally so energetic" Apollo commented. Now he was irritating me. Can't he understand I don't want to talk. "Do I really have to spell it out for you? Aren't you the god of foresight and prophecy? Shouldn't you know what's wrong already?" I snapped. But maybe I shouldn't have. He sighed "foresight isn't operating well at the moment. I can't see anything, it's been like this for three months" Apollo explained. Wait, really, did he seriously not tell anyone "you idiot" I muttered "why the hell don't you go tell someone" I offered it. "I already did, I told you" Apollo grinned. I hit him in the arm "before I throw a got damn peach at you, go tell someone who can help". He shook his arm as if he was hurt and put one mocked sad voice "back to being twelve again I see". "Seriously Apollo, what do you expect me to do?" I asked. Apollo shrugged "I don't know, but the last thing I saw before I lost my foresight was Nero, I believe he has something to do with it" Apollo told me. I folded my legs against my stomach and hugged them "but we killed him" Meg said quietly. Apollo sighed "that's what we thought—but he's back. But I think I know how to take him down" Apollo smiled. I looked up to him while fixing my glasses that were put askew. "How?" I asked "he'll still trust you. He doesn't know you help 'kill' him. You can go back to his side, at least that's what he'll think. Get in on his plan and come back to me" Apollo said. I nodded "seems like something I could pull off" I told him. "Good" Apollo said "so let's leave now–" "no, in a few days. I have some important things to do" I told him "like what?" Apollo asked "it's personal" I told him, sinking deeper into my couch. He frowned "fine" he said "when are you doing this thing?" "tomorrow, 4:30 PM" I replied. He nodded "then we can get going after that I suppose" Apollo told me. "Maybe" I said quietly. Apollo frowned again "why maybe, don't you understand this is important" Apollo said, anger dripping from his voice. I nodded "I know that it's important, but I have important things to—and it's your fault" I said muttering the last part. "What?" Apollo said "what's more important than my foresight?" Apollo asked. I rolled my eyes. He was self-centered again, still he did made a good friend. "In time you'll know" I told him. A growl escaped the back of his throat "of corse" I was getting ready for my appointment. I was brushing my hair when I felt heat behind me and saw a golden flash from my mirror, when Apollo appeared "hey Meg" he said "Apollo, get out" I told him "why?" he asked "i'm getting ready to leave for something" I said. Apollo grinned "can I come?" he asked. "No" I said harsher than I meant to. He seemed taken back. But he was really annoying me. "You do know that I can just follow you" Apollo said"but you wont, or else" I threatened. "Or what?" Apollo asked while he walked his fingers up my arm. I shook him off. Ever since my birthday, I didn't like him touching me, whether it was just on my arm or not I hated it. "Or else I—" I thought for a moment "or else I will talk about her " I said with a somewhat evil grin Apollo looked a little angry and scared "don't you dare talk about her you know how it makes me feel" Apollo told me "and if I did?" I asked placing down my hairbrush and looking at him with my arms crossed "you do know I am a god, I could vaporize you in a second" Apollo said, almost in a gloating tone "you wouldn't, not in my condition" I said, then bit my lip. I wasn't meant to say that. Apollo's eyes narrowed "and what condition would that be?" Apollo asked "let's see" I said "I'm helping you with your little problem for starters" Apollo shrugged "I could get any demigod to help me" Apollo claimed I shook my head "no you can't; remember I'm his stepdaughter" I told Apollo "now leave. I'm going to be late" I said as I walked out of the bathroom. Apollo frowned. He followed me as I grabbed my bag and keys and started to walk out the door "are you sure I can't come?" Apollo asked me I frowned "no. And why do you want to follow me so badly? Go chat with your kids" Meg said. Apollo sighed "I can't" he admitted "and why is that?" I asked "Will and Nico just broken up so Will doesn't want to be bothered with anyone, Kayla is getting ready for her wedding, so I can't go and have chit-chat with her. I don't want to talk about makeup and crap. And Austin, you know what happened to Austin" Apollo said. I nodded "yes I do" my voice became soft. Apollo sighed "and you're my only mortal friend, and the gods are out busy doing whatever they please—oh yeah, if you drop by Camp-Half-Blood, expect there to be A new child of Zeus—Zeus really can't keep anything in his pants" Apollo explained. I giggled, just like I did when I was twelve "no, no he really can't" I agreed "now get lost. You can come back later. Now stop bothering me" I said with a childish laugh. He huffed "fine" Apollo said, he crossed his arms and disappeared. "Thank's Apollo, now I'm going to be late" I muttered as I got into the car My curses have been answered. I had just gotten the results from a cheery Doctor ("congratulations Miss. Mccaffrey!") I was indeed (and unfortunately) pregnant. I was handed a picture of the ultrasound. The child was so tiny. But you could slightly make out some main facial features like ears and the tinniest nose. As much as I didn't want to, I was already falling in love with this little mistake. And then I was handed the bill (way to ruin the moment). I payed and quietly left still holding out the picture as I walked to me car. I felt heat on my back and quickly placed down the picture as I knew exactly who appeared behind me "Apollo, you can't just randomly teleport here, we're in the