Bella groaned when she walked in the lecture hall door and saw the sea of faces. Why on earth she had to take Research Methods again she had no idea. Somehow the "A" from her other college didn't transfer. She hated large classes. Too many people, too many distracting emotions. Normally she was able to tune them out, but this morning began with a broken umbrella in the pouring rain, and went downhill from there. What a way to start her first day of grad school. Trudging up the polished concrete steps of the lecture hall, Bella scanned idly for a seat. She preferred to be in a central row, close to a wall. There she could remain anonymous, neither in the front nor in the back. Ah, there's a good spot , she thought. No one too close by . Unfortunately, she was so focused on her goal that she failed to notice the straps of the black backpack protruding into the aisle. Her booted foot tangled in them and she stumbled, her own backpack swinging forward and clouting one of her fellow students in the head. Some of the hot coffee in her hand splashed onto the ground. At least it didn't land on someone , she thought gratefully. "Sorry. Are you OK?" Bella could feel her face flushing in embarrassment. Really, could this morning get any worse? Don't ask, Bella . "Watch where you're going," the irate head-clout victim growled. Indignation burned away all sympathetic thoughts for the blond, pony-tailed guy. If he hadn't had his stupid backpack in the aisle in the first place…the jerk needed a good smack in the head. Bella kept her irritable thoughts to herself. To her surprise, she heard a faint chuckle somewhere from a few tiers below her. Great, now someone was laughing at her. She gratefully took the napkin that another student offered, sopped up the coffee, and made her way to her seat. Taking deep breaths to calm herself, Bella pulled her notebook and pen from her own navy backpack, flipped down the pseudowood half desk, and settled back into the ubiquitous lecture hall gray padded chair. Forty minutes into the lecture, Bella's attention wandered. Most of the other students were busy scribbling or typing notes, but for her this was all old material. Perhaps I can convince the professor to let me take the final exam now , she mused. In the back of her mind she perused the emotions around her. Nothing new. Some bored, some confused, the majority intent on following the problem being presented on the board. Pony-tail guy wasn't even paying attention – he was busy texting. My hypothesis is that, within a confidence interval of ninety-five percent, Pony-tailed Jerk will fail the class . A jolt of amusement shot through Bella. What was that? That wasn't me. Normally other people's emotions were somewhat blurry to her, but this was so clear and strong. Now Bella sensed confusion, then curiosity. Who was that? The woman two seats from her? Bella focused her attention on her. No, she's not the one . Besides that, her instincts told her that those strangely clear emotions came from a man. She hoped it wasn't Pony-tailed Jerk. Now the curiosity became tinged with wariness. It was almost as if the man reacted to what she thought. Not to her emotions, but to her mind. This was crazy. People couldn't actually read minds. But then, she was sensitive to others' emotions, so who was she to judge? Startled. She'd startled him? Ah, the wariness was back in force now. "Close your books and computers. My teaching assistant will hand out the quiz. There are five problems on it. You have the next twenty minutes to complete the quiz. When you are finished, you may bring it down to the front and leave." Did he say a quiz? Bella was so focused on the man that she missed the last ten minutes of the lecture. Amidst the rustling of paper and resigned bag-zipping, she gazed cautiously around the two-story classroom. No one appeared to be looking at her. A flurry of muted admiration drew Bella's focus to the front of the room. The TA, it appeared, was garnering more than his fair share for feminine attention. Tall, wild reddish-brown hair, athletic build, defined jawline and cheekbones, black jeans, gray long-sleeved tee with the sleeves pushed up…yup, the whole package. There are probably quite a few students who would love to unwrap that package , she thought sardonically. Most likely the poor guy is inundated with women requesting tutoring. Bella noticed the corner of his mouth twitch up into a small wry smile as he handed a stack of quizzes to a wide-eyed blonde at the end of Row 12. No doubt he knew exactly the effect he had. Focusing again on the still strangely clear emotional signal, Bella detected a combination of exasperation and curiosity. Perhaps he was watching the TA's progress as well? Now the tone became more concentrated, as if the man were seeking something. She hoped he wasn't trying to find her. Oh shit, a touch of determination. He was trying to find her. In spite of her curiosity, Bella wasn't so sure she wanted to be found. From what her father told her, many telepaths evidenced a strong megalomaniac streak which, in combination with their talent, made them exceptionally untrustworthy and dangerous. Belatedly, she made an effort to mentally hide herself by focusing on the equations on the board. I wish the TA would hurry up with that damn quiz . She was pleased to note, however, that he kicked Pony-tailed Jerk's backpack under his seat. Finally the TA reached her row, and Bella turned her head to look at him. Wow, those eyes! Beautiful piercing gray-green under thick, straight brows. The next thing that registered was a sharp wave of victory. He'd found her. It's you? thought Bella. His slight nod, in combination with that intense greenish gaze, triggered her flight instinct. I need to get away from him , she thought with sudden panic. I can't let anyone know … Her father's warning to never reveal her talent galloped back into her head. Oh God, what had she done? She should have left as soon as she realized what was happening. The TA had already moved on, but Bella felt calm emanating from him. Was he trying to tell her to calm down? Or perhaps he was attempting to calm himself down. She had the impression that she was right on both counts. Alright, the sense of approval she picked up just confirmed it. Maybe it would be OK. Maybe he was just curious. Well, she was curious too. In all her twenty-three years Bella had never encountered another individual with any form of psy – parapsychological ability. Alright Bella , her inner self rallied her. Finish your quiz and get out of here. Within five minutes she was gathering her stuff together and quietly treading down the concrete steps. Risking a glance at the TA in the front row, she saw that he was watching her with a mix of amazement and frustration. However, he gave no indication of wanting her to wait, so Bella hurried out. Walking rapidly down the sidewalk toward her apartment, one clear thought existed in her spinning brain. She struggled with a pocket in her backpack, finally extracting her cell phone. It was time to call Dad. "Charlie Swan." "Hey Dad." "What's wrong, Bells?" What? How did he know? "Why do you think something is wrong? Can't a girl call her father just to say, 'Hi'?" "I'm a cop, Bells, and you're my daughter. You never call me 'Dad' unless something's wrong. What happened?" Charlie listened patiently to the entire tale of his daughter's first Research Methods class, asking a few pertinent questions here and there. "What should I do, Dad?" He huffed thoughtfully into the phone. "Did you get any dangerous vibes from him?" Bella carefully replayed the emotional events of the morning. Curiosity, frustration, wariness…no anger or malice. With her father being the Chief of Police in Forks, Washington, she'd felt the emotions of violent criminals before. They were either empty or erratic. The TA's were neither. "No," she finally responded. "I guess I just panicked." Bella could almost hear her father thoughtfully stroking his dark mustache. "First, I suggest trying to get out of that class. Then you won't be in a situation where you're forced to be around him. I'll run him through the national database. What's his name?" Oops. "I don't know. I'm sure it's on the online syllabus, though. I can let you know when I get back to my apartment." "OK Bells. Oh jeez, I have a call coming in." "I'll talk with you later then. Love you, Dad." "Love you too, Bells." As soon as Bella hung up, she became aware of a strong, clear sense of caution…and it wasn't coming from her. In fact, it came from around the corner that she just turned. She probably should have been nervous, but at the moment exasperation held the front spot in her emotions. "If you want to talk to me, just say so," she commented dryly. She retraced her steps, meeting him head-on as he rounded the corner. "Hi," the TA greeted her sheepishly. The charm of that crooked smile wasn't lost on her. "You know that following someone is creepy, right?" He shrugged. "I could tell what you were doing back there in class, and I had to know more about you." Catching her nervous thoughts, he quickly added, "I'm sorry. I won't do anything to harm you, I promise. I'm Edward Cullen, by the way." "Bella Swan," she acknowledged, shaking the large, slim hand he held out. He looked startled as she seemed to feel every detail of his hand, right down to temperature variation and slightly calloused palms. She suspected he felt the same. It was a strangely pleasant sensation. They each dropped the other's hand immediately. "Is that supposed to happen with people like us?" blurted Bella. Way to make things more awkward. Next time think before you talk, Bella. "Between clairvoyants?" He was equally puzzled. "I don't think so. I really didn't mean to make you nervous. At first I thought you may have been sent to find me, from the Institute, but then it was obvious that you were just as surprised as I was." Bella frowned. "The Institute?" The heavy sky had been threatening all morning, and now a few drops began falling on them. They both glanced up at the clouds before looking at each other questioningly. Bella didn't want to end their conversation yet. Edward looked around the street quickly, then gestured toward a nearby Starbucks. "Join me for coffee?" When Bella hesitated, he added, "That's OK. I'm buying." Bella couldn't help smiling at the hopeful note in his velvety voice. Jogging across the street together, she thought deliberately , A good-looking guy invites me for coffee? Who am I to refuse? "You can always refuse," he smiled wryly as he held the door open for her. She didn't miss the uplifted emotions coming from him, though. The coffee shop immediately wrapped them in warmth, the fire in the little fireplace and the barely-noticeable jazz music adding to the cozy ambience. The pair made small-talk while they waited in line. Bella cast an experienced eye over the menu above the cashier's head, deciding on a simple cup of brewed coffee. She didn't want to take advantage of Edward's kindness – or his wallet. A flash of exasperation drew her eyes back to her companion. "Just get what you want, Bella. I'm having a grande latte." He bent a little closer to her and pointed at the bakery display case. "I also would like that fudge brownie over there, but it's too big. Split it with me?" "You're just saying that because