A/N: Okay, so I have Soulies, Blackians, SYWLGers, Allers, and how many more? I really did not expect or think I would start up another WIP, but this one...I saw a little prompt on a Dramione fanfic rec group of Facebook and thought I would write one similar to it. Dramione, of course. But our characters have a strange way of making themselves known. Pansy being the attention loving little chit that she is, demanded the story be about her. So, I complied. Now, this isn't the first Hansy, or Pots and Pans, whichever you prefer, that I have had in the works. I did a short one for Slytherinmomma88 to put in her fic, The Misadventures into Debauchery, which she needs to get back to work on. I also have one in the works based on an Ed Sheeran song, which will be a part of a trilogy focusing on three of my HP OTP's. But this is the first one that has completely and utterly captured my entire attention and burrowed itself into my mind, heart, soul and will not let go. That being said, I am proud of myself for this chapter, as well as the next, which is already written as both put this fic over 15K already. I really hope that you enjoy this. Let me know what you think. Fair warning, there are lemons in this prologue. Disclaimer: I own nothing. J.K. owns all. It's her world, I just play in it. XoXo, Elle. Prologue May 2001 Pansy walked into the run-down pub, looking around at the evening crowd, shaking her head. These people were like cattle, following the herd. She had never understood that mentality. She was always the type to follow her own lead, do things her own way - not that she didn't have her own followers when she was in Hogwarts. But that was just how those girls' brains worked - she couldn't help that. She supposed that the people in here did have a reason to celebrate, though. It was the third anniversary of Potter and gang defeating old snake face. It was Pansy's own damn fault for coming into The Leaky Cauldron anyway. But she needed to get into Diagon Alley and go to Twilfitt and Tattings. There was a stupid damn Ministry Gala tonight honoring the Golden Trio for winning, and naturally the families of the Sacred Twenty-eight were expected to be in attendance. Or at least the ones who had been cleared of their crimes. Pansy worked her way through the crowd, grumbling again about stupid cattle. Her foot got caught around someone else's and she stumbled into someone. "Woah there! You alright?" Hazel eyes met brilliant green and Pansy had to stop herself from rolling them. She pushed herself into a standing position, straightening her clothes. "I'm fine, Potter." She flipped a strand of hair over her shoulder and lifted her nose into the air. "These idiots can't keep their feet where they belong. On the floor. Later, Potter." Pansy continued her previous course through the crowd, now more carefully. She could feel those green eyes watching her as she left, but she didn't give the Boy Who Lived Twice a second glance. The same couldn't be said for her thoughts, though. She finally made it into the small clearing behind the pub, pulling her wand from her purse and tapping the red bricks in front of her, their fronts worn from the years and years of use. Pansy couldn't help but recall the way those green eyes had bore into hers. Like they were seeing past her haughty and proud exterior, past her carefully constructed walls. It was a little unnerving. The only other person who had ever been able to do that was that evil monster, Voldemort, the first and only time she had met him. Pansy shuddered in the May heat as a rush of goosebumps lifted her flesh, causing her hair to raise from her scalp. She tried to shake it off as she stepped through the archway into Diagon Alley en route to her destination. She really hoped that Twilfitt and Tattings had what she needed. Muggle London had had many options, but nothing like what she had been looking for. As she walked by the shops, most of them already closed for the evening, she slid her hands into the pockets of the Muggle jeans she was wearing. Pansy had taken to buying most of her clothes from the Muggle world - they just fit her style better than anything she could find in wizarding fashion. Again those damn vibrant green eyes floated through her mind and she cursed under her breath, stopping under a lamp. Her fingers closed around a pack of cigarettes and a lighter, slipping them from her pocket. Pansy pulled one of the white cigarettes from the plastic package and placed it between her lips, slipping the pack back into her pocket before bringing the lighter to the tip and flicking the flint wheel. She cupped her hand around it to block any slight breeze that may be blowing and watched as the small flame flared to life. Sure, it would be easier and more efficient to use her wand. But she liked the little Muggle lighter. As she took the first drag on the cigarette, she held the breath in for as long as she could. Pansy had laced the cigarettes with a wizarding relaxant and she was letting that absorb into her lungs. Slowly, the tension left Pansy's shoulders and she released the breath, the smoke leaving her lips in a white stream. "Pull yourself together, Parkinson." She hated being on edge, truly she did. But it was a leftover side effect from the war she supposed. While she knew that Potter was not a malicious person, nor was he a skilled Legilimens, it had still felt that way when their eyes had connected. That had made her reach for her cigarettes, which she only used in times of stress. Pansy pushed off from the street lamp and began walking down the pavement once again, the cigarette never leaving her lips for long. By the time she got to the dress shop, she was down to the butt of the white stick and she put it out on the pavement. The mistress of the shop opened the door for her with a wide smile, "Welcome, Miss Parkinson." XxX Ron had asked Harry to meet him at the Leaky after work. Normally Harry would have declined, but today was different. Today was a day they always needed a drink and company. Three years had passed. Three incredibly long, yet short years since he had defeated Voldemort. In those years, Hogwarts had been rebuilt, renovated and reimagined. Kingsley Shacklebolt had been elected Minister and had taken the reigns, flipping the Ministry on its head. It had been completely overhauled, the old regime and way of doing things had been thrown out. Creating a new pathway for equality among wizardkind, no matter blood status. Harry was dreading yet another Ministry Gala in his and his best friends' honor. He was actually planning out the conversation he was going to have with Kingsley tonight. He had been standing at one of the tall tables so that he could see when Ron came in when a body slammed into him. All he saw was black hair in carefully constructed barrel curls. "Woah there! You alright?" he asked. When those hazel eyes met his, he was taken aback. He was staring down at Pansy Parkinson. The last time he'd seen her was at Hogwarts, before everything went to shite. Well, no, that wasn't quite right. Harry had seen her at the first two of the Ministry's events, but just glimpses of her. Harry was so lost in taking in her appearance that he didn't hear a word she said. Then she was moving away, back through the crowd, heading for the entrance to Diagon Alley. He was watching her intently when a hand landed on his shoulder, "Hey mate, sorry I'm late." "Ron!" Harry nearly shouted as he turned around. His eyes blinked rapidly, his heart beating the same. "Don't sneak up on me like that." Ron held up his hands in surrender. "Sorry, but in my defense, I did call your name first. What were you looking at anyway?" "Just had a run in with a blast from our past," Harry said, knocking back the remainder of the firewhiskey he'd been nursing. Ron's eyes followed where Harry had been looking. "Malfoy?" Harry shook his head, his eyes on the empty tumbler in front of him. "Pansy Parkinson." Wide and shocked blue eyes turned to greet Harry. "No way. She's been kind of reclusive since her family's trial." A waitress interrupted them, asking for Ron's drink order and Harry ordered another Firewhiskey for himself. "I know, but hell, both her parents were sent to Azkaban for a very long time. I'd want to stay out of the public eye, too. I just don't understand why her mother's sentence was so long, Mrs. Parkinson wasn't a Death Eater." Harry wondered out loud, his mind already back at the office, thinking about just where the Parkinson's file was located. He'd have to look into that, something didn't seem right about that. Surely Pansy's mother was less involved than Narcissa Malfoy had been. The waitress returned, placing their drinks in front of them. She lingered, her eyes trailing over both Harry and Ron, assessing them. Most people did. Most women fawned over them. They were the guys of the "Golden Trio" as they had been dubbed. Ron adored the attention, soaked it in, took numerous chits back to his room all the time. But Harry hated it. The interest in him had become even more intense since the news of his and Ginny's break up had hit the Prophet last week. He and Ginny had tried to make their relationship work, they truly had, but in the end, the war had just changed them both too much. They both still loved each other, but more in a friendly, platonic way than the romantic kind that they had before the war. She even still lived at Grimmauld Place with Harry, Ron and Hermione, and they talked every day. Suddenly those deep hazel eyes floated by in his thoughts again and he remembered what she she had been wearing. A worn and faded black shirt with an AC/DC logo on the front, tight black Muggle jeans with rips all along the legs and fishnet stockings underneath. If their encounter had been longer, he'd probably have gotten over his surprised shock and asked her about her choice in clothing, but she had been gone before he could recover from his momentary speechlessness. "You ready for tonight, mate?" Ron asked him, bringing Harry back to the present. Harry grimaced, taking a sip of his drink and shaking his head. "No, not at all. I hate these damn galas. I'm going to talk to Kingsley tonight about doing them maybe every five years. Give the world time to heal without poking at a fresh wound every damn year." He glanced at his watch and sighed, "Come on, we'd better go and get ready." XxX Pansy was looking between two mirrors that were replaying the image of her in two different dresses. Both were a deep maroon, but not that horrid color that Gryffindors wore - instead they were a gorgeous deep color that reminded her of her favorite knit blanket on long winter nights. Nights she loved to spend curled up next to the fire with a steaming mug of coffee and a nice long novel. Both were crop top dresses. The one on the left was all lace short sleeves with the chest, shoulders, and sleeves all made of lace. The skirt was see through from mid-thigh down, the lace providing just enough mystery. It was