Caius and Leah love story =) ~Leah~ Rosalie, Alice, Esme, and Bella were sitting with me in the snow in the meadow where we will be meeting the Volturi. Everyone was talking as Rosalie held my hand "is everything okay, Leah?" I looked at her and gave a soft smile and looked back to see where I would be standing tomorrow. My mind racing with a million thoughts I can possibly think of. Am I going to die? the thought didn't scare me like it would with normal people I just only felt sad. I will be able to imprint, graduate from college, have children see my brother imprint it all came crashing down. The realization that I will never be normal…nor have a normal life. I know everyone was looking at me as the boys came and with every other vampire who had decided to join the fight had came and sat with us. Edward looked at me I knew he was I could see it from the corner of my eyes Leah he spoke to me in my mind but I did not answer. "What is with the blank expression? are you scared wolf girl.?" one of the Dracula boys asked with a smirk as I realized jasper had shared my emotions with everyone, I guess he knew I would not talk for I was lost in my mind. The Dracula's smirks faded as they looked at me. Everyone could tell that I wasn't scared, that I knew this would come and I could not avoid it. They understood that I was ripped and shredded and my decision was final to stay and fight alongside the Cullen's. I had no regret in making this choice it was what I wanted a way to help the ones who were kind to me and to thank Jake for giving me the chance to be in his pack with him and Seth and to be away from the pain I have been dealing every day, being in the mind of my ex fiancé. I can see sadness on their faces as they realized I died already and that the things I wish I could have done will never happen because I had already died as preparation for tomorrow. Leah Edward tried to talk to me as Seth and Jacob looked at me. my thoughts trailed to people I knew as everyone still feel my emotions through them as my mind traced on realizing no one would give a damn about my death not even Jake and my brother and I was okay with that. "Leah." Jacob said but I did not answer. I looked like a frozen person as jasper stopped making everyone feel the way I did, Rosalie squeezed my hand but I was still frozen in concentration. I looked up the moon it was a full moon tonight I smiled this will be my last full moon I got up and phased in front of everyone and quickly began running. "Don't follow." I heard Edward say "she just wants to bask in the moon one last time to herself." ~Edward~ "How does she make it through the day?" Zafrina asked as everyone stayed quiet "she even accepts her fate in her own turmoil." I smiled at her words I even had to ask myself that at times but I always found the answer in her head. "She pushes through." everyone looked at me as I read minds of how sorry they felt for her "don't feel sorry for her, she hates it. She sees weakness to be a waste of time when she is injured she doesn't cry out she tries to get up and push herself. She yells at herself at times she can't afford to be weak or vulnerable. So she uses arrogance and anger, even when she reaches to breaking point she finds a way to push farther. She doesn't know it but I admire her for that." I smiled "never have I seen such strength and stubbornness in a women as I see in her. She is very rare too independent for herself at times. She may be quite but she is full of surprises. Even though I can hear her scream inside her will kill herself before she breaks." Zafrina snapped her head back in surprise at my words. "She is just like a vampire." Vladimir responded. "I feel bad." Bella said as nessie rest in her arms as I pull them towards me. I look at Rosalie as I can tell she wants to go after her and try to comfort even Seth wanted to leave but Charlie made them stay put. "Just leave her be, she knows no one will give a damn about her life..." before I could finish Seth interrupted. "That is not true." I look Seth. "Relax Seth I drilled it in her that we do give a damn but she keeps dismissing it. Only us do but for sue and everyone else in La Push I don't know." Seth kept quiet he knew I was right he couldn't avoid the truth about it. "What is it?" Zafrina asked me and I looked at her giving a soft smile. "The reason Leah stays alive as long as she can is for her brother." everyone looked at death jasper didn't because he already knew. "What do you mean as long as she can?" nessie asked in confusion and worry, I looked at her and sighed as I kissed her forehead. "Leah Clearwater died three years ago, her innocence is gone and she continues to die slowly." "Slowly." Seth looked at me as Jacob tried to not cry but he couldn't hold it anymore his silent cries filled out nose. "When a wolf is in so much turmoil and pain they do push through yes they are pretty good at it and they find happiness again but for a female shifter it's more complicated she is dying and she knows she is without a doubt she tries but she just can't beat it. Hopefully we all stay alive tomorrow it will be a miracle. But if Leah does not imprint soon. her wolf and her humanity dies. Leah needs her imprint to live that is the curse of a female shifter." Seth looked at me in horror and in shock. Reading his thoughts he remembered the crying pain she did a few nights ago and jasper, Carlisle and I tried to help her she came through luckily but for how long that always crosses my mind. "that can't be true." Jacob looked at him. "Seth it is no one else knows but us. not Sam not sue not even the council." Seth looked as if he wanted to phase but jasper calmed him down. "that explains her vomiting of blood last night." Garrett implied as Carlisle looked at him in shock and then looked at me I got up and left to go after Leah and Jacob followed as Seth tagged along. before I was too far to hear anyone I heard Carlisle implied. "she must me dying in a faster rate than I thought she would." ~Leah~ laying on the snow the pain had came back again, my chest burning and banging shots of pain. I started to panic no I cant die not yet not until tomorrow. tomorrow I will die I want to die then not now. please let me go out with a bang don't let me die here. please keep fighting just hold on just a few more hours and it can all be over. I'm sorry please just fight a little bit longer then we can go. I was talking to my wolf pleading I knew in my heart that it already mustered up as much strength she could even I could since we are one. I don't want to die not now I mustn't it isn't time. a few more hours we can do it. tomorrow we can say goodbye tomorrow we will have our last battle and then we can go. the wolf inside agreed and pushed its last straw and I was up again naked in the middle of the snow as it begins to snow again thank you and I ran back to the camp but I bumped into Edward as everyone else. they were quite as Seth hugged me holding me like he never wanted to let me go. "I love you sis." he said. those words made me want to cry but I refuse to do so and I just hold him back. "we were worried you might have ran off." I smiled at Jacob at his words "bitch please, I don't run." he laughed as all four of us headed back to camp as Rosalie ran and got up and hugged me. I guess my pain that jasper made everyone feel was sorrowful as everyone hugged me in a circle, I didn't argue as a smiled cross my face. I felt this is kind of like family and I thought to myself this last hug will I cherish. everyone sat back down as I joined laughing and making jokes for everyone to laugh as to lighten the mood as we sang drunk songs and danced a little around the fire. I listened to stories of all the other vampires including the stories about the Volturi who they had lost who their lovers were and I even heard about the civil war from garret and all the other wars he was in. this made me felt like I had family again I cherish this moment and I will cherish it through my death. The sun finally came up as everyone prepared themselves and got ready as we walked into the middle of the meadow waiting. Seth, Jacob and I already phased as the other wolves from La Push came into join this fight. I saw Sam and new members I have never seen before but that is what you see when a whole bunch of vampires have entered into forks it awakens the genes of the wolf so more have become shifters. I looked forward waiting as Edward said that they are here and will be here in two minutes, I took a deep breath. "Leah if this is the last time we get to spend together as sisters I want to tell you I grateful I am to have you in my life." I looked at rose as I gave her a smiled and nudged her a little telling her me too. and then they were here. Fucking shit there were so many and they even brought witnesses this is crazy but I sigh and keep my head to the ground I felt like I wanted to fall right now but I couldn't I pushed myself up and I became weaker but all the wolves looked at me in astonishment at how I stood up like I was an alpha my eyes were closed and I felt Rosalie touch my side and then I open in pain I was ready to fall please do not yet Edward looked at me in fear "no." he said as everyone looked at me I stood my ground as I noticed everyone stared at me and I looked at him then I looked at the Marcus he looked old and bored with his life but he looked astonishingly handsome and then I looked at the one with the golden blond hair. I realized it was Caius and then I felt free like everything had been cut and I lost all ties only to be tied in a thicker strap. I finally imprinted but I imprinted on a vampire a Volturi rose tagger softly on my fur and then it happened my wolf gave in, I finally gave in. I realized the imprint was too late. Too late to save me as I was about to collapse Seth was already at my side