Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Beta: tayjayfan - THE most amazing, wonderful, honest, caring, considerate, genuine (and the list goes on and on and on) person EVER! She makes me think all kinds of naughty things, and I love her for it! So full of awesomeness - SHE ROCKS! "My boyfriend's back, he's gonna save my reputation…" - The Angels Rebel, Young Oh, my gosh! He's here. Looking out the window during English Lit., Bella Swan's gaze lands on the only boy who's ever made her heart skip a beat... but just once… well, twice... okay, three times. Lounging, resting against his solid black motorcycle, all 'devil may care' oozing out of his pores; tall and strong with bronzed skin and slicked back hair the color of midnight oil; boot clad feet crossed, black jeans slung low on hips, tight white t-shirt, black leather jacket, unlit cigarette dangling from his full lips - soft lips that know exactly what to do to take her breath away, plump lips that make her want to bite (well, nibble… no... bite), supple lips that cause her insides to quiver and twist into knots... Oh, my! He is digging in his front jean pocket for matches; she is innocently twirling a single curl from her high-and-tight ponytail around her index finger. He plucks a lone match from the pack with strong, nimble fingers; she imagines… no... she gulps. He locks eyes with her and lets a sinister smirk play across his lips ( ah, those lips... ) while he strikes the match, and as the little stick bursts into flames, he quirks his brow suggestively; she squeaks. Shoot! Ice runs up her spine as she immediately slaps her hands over her traitorous mouth. With eyes as wide as saucers and a bright blush coloring her cheeks, she turns to Mr. Dooley in chagrin. "Ms. Swan," he reprimands with pursed lips and a stern stare that's boring a hole straight through her brain. "Is there something you would like to share with the class?" Oh, no! They're all looking at her now! "No, Mr. Dooley," Bella quickly responds as she drops her embarrassed gaze to her lap and starts anxiously picking at nonexistent lint on her pink, poodle skirt. "Then I'm sure the class would appreciate it if you keep your squealing to yourself for the rest of the period." "Yes, Sir," she mumbles, still looking down, still picking at imaginary lint. Only after Mr. Dooley clears his throat to regain the class's attention, and only after she no longer feels the stare of every single person in the room blazing through her, she decides that it is a perfectly acceptable time to roll her eyes; so, out of annoyance, she does, (still looking down, mind you). Blowing a puff of air up from her bottom lip that causes her bangs to flutter off her face, she reminds herself that she is a senior now and will soon be finished with all this ridiculous schooling. Then , she can get married and have babies just like Rosalie. Eddie Cullen's older sister graduated three years ago and married Emmett, her high school sweetheart and a total dreamboat. They have a little boy, Jasper, who just turned two, and Rosalie's pregnant again. Ever since Bella was a little girl, she's dreamt of settling down with her own high school sweetheart (who just happens to be Eddie) and having four children (all boys, mind you). That way, she can look after her boys and cook, cook, cook, all day long; it is her favorite pastime after all. Really, what more could a girl ask for? Unless… She slowly lifts her head from her lap and turns to look back out the window... again. Now he's staring off into the woods next to the school, but apparently, while she was dealing with Mr. Dooley's scolding and her own utter humiliation, he had taken his jacket off and laid it across the handlebars, exposing his white t-shirt; his tight, white t-shirt. His biceps are bulging under the short sleeves, and the shirt is hugging his broad shoulders, molded to his muscular chest, sculpted against his... (gulp!) Oh, my! Somebody should have warned her that abs can look like that! Shaking her head to clear the spellbound haze from her mind, she brings her focus back to Mr. Dooley's droning speech. Ugh! This is the first day of a long year to come, but at least it's the end of the first day. The school bell rings, signaling freedom, as all the kids jump up in one big whoosh. A flurry of sounds and colors and scents whiz by her as everyone rushes toward the door in an attempt to be the first to escape the classroom prison. A small, bouncing figure with short, dark hair is jumping up and down in the hallway, frantically waving her arms and trying to get Bella's attention. She scoops up her books and starts to head out of the room, smiling at Eddie's excitable younger sister on her way toward the hall, and lifting a hand to let her know she's been seen. "Bella! I missed you sooo much!" Nearly knocking her down, Alice lunges at her with open arms, giving an affectionate hug to Bella, books and all. "Hey, Alice! Me, too. When did everyone get back? I thought you weren't coming home until next week?" "Yeah, well Rose decided that we were too much of a distraction to Jasper's routine, so she kicked us out last Friday - can you believe that?!. But, yeah, not until after we were there practically all summer. And, I think that she just wanted to get everything ready for the new baby - you know she's due in like two months, right? Well, anyway, Eddie …" Oh, shoot! If Alice is back, then that means… Oh, boy, she didn't know if she was ready for this. Sure, they'd called and written to each other over the last three months, and yes, she still had his letterman jacket, so they were 'technically' still going steady, but… Leather jacket... motorcycle... summer nights… Jacob Black. Crap! "Bella? Bella? Earth to Bella? Hey! Are you alright? You had your eyes closed. You can't walk down the hall with your eyes closed, Silly." "Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. Sorry, it's just… (sigh). It was a busy day, Alice; I'm just tired is all." Shrugging a shoulder up to her ear, Bella mentally crosses her fingers and hopes that the little, bouncing girl will buy her story. Apparently, she does. "Okay, well look. Eddie wants you to meet him in the gym. He's gonna drive you home, so you don't have to walk. Then he's gonna come back for after-school practice." Double crap! "Umm… okay. Thanks, Alice." "Yeah, no problem. I gotta go. I'm gonna catch up with Jess. Apparently her and Mike are a thing now!" Alice squeals as she does a little bunny hop in shared excitement of her friend's news. As she takes off running down the emptying hall, she yells over her shoulder, "Bye, Bella!" just before rounding the corner. Wowzer! Bella leans her back against the wall, lightly thumps her head into the cement cinder blocks, hugging her books a little too tight, and actually groans. Her boyfriend's back from his summer vacation, but she's still not back down to earth from the high of her summer fling. The fling who, right now, just happens to be leaning against his motorcycle in the front parking lot of the school. Her school! Eddie's school! Indignation flares and tempts Bella to walk right up to Mr. Smug-as-Heck-Jacob-Black and push him into his dumb, old motorcycle. Hopefully, both the boy and his toy would go tumbling down. What is he doing here anyway? He knew what this summer was. They had just been hanging on the Reservation because their fathers were childhood friends and wanted to go fishing every chance they got. Jake and Bella just developed a friendship is all. Except that one time… well, twice… okay, three times. Oof! And with that, Bella stamps her foot; she literally stamps her foot right in the middle of the senior hall of Forks High while her boyfriend waits for her in the gym, and sweet, tantalizing trouble waits for her in the parking lot. Unable to hold up the wall for the rest of her life, she decides to take her chances and run out to Jake to beg him to leave before Eddie sees him. But just as she turns to make her way to the front exit of the school, she hears the gym doors crash open behind her, and the loud, rambunctious camaraderie of the basketball team… of Eddie's team, comes barreling out. Triple crap! "Bella," Eddie croons as he comes running up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist and lifting her off her feet. He swings her around in a circle, her legs flailing like a ragdoll, as he laughs against her ear. Putting her back down and turning her around by her shoulders, he looks into her eyes and kisses her right in the middle of her forehead. Pulling his lips back with a smack, eyes all bright and shiny, he grins the biggest she's ever seen, and admits, "I've missed you, Baby." And with that, her heart breaks a little. "Oh! Yeah, me too, Eddie." While regarding her momentarily, and obviously expecting a more enthusiastic greeting, Bella notices the slight sting of rejection that flashes through his eyes. "Well, aren't ya' glad to see me?" "No… I mean, yeah, yeah, Eddie. I'm just…" searching for something, anything , to grab onto, Bella reaches, "I wasn't expecting you so early is all! You just surprised me!" Mentally rolling her eyes at her too eager ending, she ducks her head, looks up at him through a veil of lashes, plasters on the most innocent and sincere smile she can muster, and she hopes that, just like Alice, he buys it. Apparently, he does. "Ah, shucks, Bella, I know how you girls get all worked up over stuff, but just don't wig out, 'kay?" Whew! "So, where were you going anyway? Didn't Alice tell you I was waitin' for ya'?" "Uhh…" searching , "I was coming to meet you, but…" grabbing , "yeah, I just thought I left something in English class." "Well, let's go get it then." "Nah, it's okay, Eddie. I actually have everything I need." Fake smile quickly jumps to her lips and firmly plants itself, but unfortunately, fake smiles don't reach the eyes. Pleeeeaase drop it… Lifting a single brow and looking at her like she's gone bonkers, Eddie decides to just let this one pass; no doubt chalking it up to female foolishness. Gosh, sometimes it's great to be a girl. "Oooookaaay. Well, let's get you home; you are obviously tired." He plops a heavy arm over her shoulders and turns his head back to his team as he starts to guide her down the hall, "I'll be back in a bit, Fellas. Gotta take this one home." From the snickers Bella hears behind her back, Eddie has obviously shown off to the boys at her expense, and as she puffs air up her face to flutter her bangs, indignation flames inside of her... again. But this time, it is directed straight at Mr. Girls-are-Silly-Edward-Cullen. Sure, her boyfriend is super popular and super cute with his mess of copper hair, angular features, and green eyes; and yes, she is the envy of all the girls in school; but sometimes, he can just be so incorrigible! As they push through the front doors of the school, some of the kids