He rounds the corner to the Transfiguration corridor and immediately spots a familiar head of red hair. His heart hammers in his chest and he just knows that there is an awful, hopeful look on his face that surely would only serve to have his friends -if you can call them that- hex him if they spotted it, for there is Lily Evans sitting on the hard, cold floor, her legs stretched out in front of her. She is frowning as she reads a piece of parchment she is clutching in her hands. He is curious to know what it is that has her looking so unhappy. At one point in time, he would have been the first person she told; she would have sought him out and thrust the parchment in his face before launching into a long and heated diatribe about whatever is written there. He knows better than to expect that now, though, for it has been nearly two years since Lily has considered him a friend. The most he gets from her these days is a cool politeness that begins and ends with acknowledging his existence when they pass each other in the hallways. Ever since she took up with Potter and his friends — no, that's not true. Lily did not align herself with those four great oafs until after she had severed ties with him, all over a stupid word that he did not mean to say to or about her. If he thought it would help his case even slightly, he would walk over to her and apologize. But an apology would do nothing; he has tried countless times to apologize to her, but proud, brave, unthinkably strong Lily Evans wants nothing to do with him now. If only he could make her hear him out, because obviously she hasn't been listening to him if she has yet to accept his apologies. All he needs is for her to sit silently for a moment, for her not to interrupt him or walk away from him. Before he has even thought anything through, he feels the strong, reassuring weight of his wand in his hand. Through magic, he can make anything happen. But she is Lily Evans, and aside from the fact that she is Head Girl and one of the most proficient witches in the castle, she was once his best friend. Can he really turn his wand on her the way he once turned his words on her? He stands frozen for a moment, watching as she spreads the parchment out over her half-bared – ever since she started dating Potter, Severus has watched her skirts grow shorter and shorter – outstretched thighs and smooths it out with restless fingers, her neck angled to stare down at it. She clearly needs someone to talk to and he is just the person for her. Besides, once she properly hears him out, there is no way she won't forgive him. Before long, they will surely be right back where they once were: best friends. He raises his wand, a paralyzing jinx of his own creation on his tongue. Professor McGonagall can wait a bit longer for his belated essay on human transfiguration. A door to his left opens and closes loudly and Lily looks up immediately, her gaze turning in his direction. A relieved, sweet smile graces her lips and for a moment Severus thinks she has spotted him and is glad for it, but he realizes that is quite unlikely as the slamming of the door had him diving out of the way and he is now standing mostly hidden behind a suit of armor and she is looking at whoever exited the room. "Hey! What are you doing here?" A loud, sickeningly familiar voice calls out from where the person is standing just out of Severus's eyesight on the other side of the suit of armor. "Waiting for you," Lily says, turning the parchment over in her lap would-be-casually as Potter walks towards her. Severus's hand clenches tightly around his wand, now dropped to his side. "You weren't waiting long, I hope." If Severus didn't know any better, he might think that Potter sounds genuinely concerned that he has inconvenienced her. Lily shakes her head, her neck craned at an unnatural angle to look up at Potter, who has reached her and, towering over her when both are standing, now dwarfs her. Potter holds down a hand to help her up, but Lily does not take it, instead dropping her gaze to the parchment she is now wrinkling in her hands. "Can we just sit here for a little while?" she asks so quietly Severus almost doesn't hear her. For a moment, Potter just stands there and Severus thinks he is going to insist that they go elsewhere - no doubt he has made plans to meet his delinquent friends somewhere soon – but after a moment during which Potter seemingly does nothing but stare at Lily, he lifts one shoulder in a careless gesture and then sits down next to Lily, leaving not even a hint of space between them. Severus expects Lily to grow annoyed that Potter has turned this into an opportunity to get close to her - she is clearly upset and needs to talk, not have her personal space invaded - but she immediately moves ever closer to him, sliding under the arm that Potter lifts arrogantly and resting her head on his shoulder as his arm settles over her. Potter leans his head against hers and reaches for one of her hands. They are silent for a moment and Severus is overcome with such a swift and sudden course of envious rage that his wand is in the air before he has even made the conscious decision to raise it. Stupid, conceited, arrogant, bullying, strutting, prattish Potter. Rich Potter. Tall Potter. Potter who has everything he has always ever wanted as well as everything that Severus has ever wanted. Pathetic, simpering, mudblood Lily Evans. Beautiful Lily Evans. Kind Lily Evans. Brilliant Lily Evans who somehow cannot see that Potter is not the hero everyone lauds him as. Lily Evans who is everything that Potter and Severus both have ever wanted. Lily Evans who wants nothing to do with Severus. Lily Evans who has taken to looking at Potter with those soft, affectionate, loving eyes that she never quite had for Severus. His lip curls in distaste when Potter turns his head slightly and presses his lips to Lily's hair. They make him sick, with their private moments in public places. But he cannot curse them, not here, not now. If he curses Potter now, he will have to deal with Lily's wrath, and everyone knows that Lily Evans, despite being Muggleborn, is a formidable opponent with a wand in her hand. He could manage to get the jump on both of them, he knows, because they are cuddling in the hallway, their wands not even out, probably stowed away in their rucksacks. He could do it, but as much as he would love to do away with Potter, he really does not want to harm Lily, jilted as he may be by her. Momentarily paralyzing her so that he may explain himself to her is one thing, but dueling her is not something that Severus wants to do. "Are you ready," Potter says quietly, disrupting Severus's contemplation, "to tell me what the letter says?" Lily mumbles something in response. She is so quiet and so unclear that Severus is only able to make out something about McGonagall. Frowning, Severus performs a charm to improve his hearing. Potter's sigh sounds as though Severus is sitting right alongside them it is so clear in his ear. "She only wanted to talk to me about my essay." "The one you submitted to the Auror Office along with your application?" Lily lifts her head to look at Potter, cautiously excited at the news. "Yeah." Potter's nod is loose and casual, but he frowns and rolls his eyes. "Apparently it was a very good essay, but displayed more my scholarly prowess than my practical ability." "It was an essay!" Lily protests quickly, clearly incredibly outraged at the idea that someone might think Potter less than perfect. Hidden behind his suit of armor, Severus scowls at her. "How the bloody hell are you supposed to display practical application of magical theory in an essay?" "That's what I said!" Potter exclaims, tossing his hands up in the air. "McGonagall agrees, and said as much to her friend in the Auror Office, but regardless, they think I'm better suited to a more research-based office." Potter's expression is one of utmost disgust. "Me? Working a desk-job? Can you imagine?" Lily is silent for a while, gazing at Potter with sympathy. She takes up one of his hands gently and begins running her fingers along his wrist. "You know," she begins softly. "I imagine an Auror has to do quite a lot of desk-work on top of the fieldwork. All the paperwork and such." "Probably." Potter sighs. "I just can't see how the Ministry can possibly be in a position where they're able to turn away prospective Aurors! Not these days." "You think it might be… because of me?" Lily asks hesitantly. Potter looks blindsided by this suggestion. "How could it possibly be because of you?" Potter frowns at her. "Because you're with me." She seems unwilling to meet his eyes, focusing instead on their joined hands. "And I'm a mudblood." "Don't say that." Severus is actually surprised at the tired sound in Potter's voice. Going off past experience, he had expected a more vehement and forceful reaction. He wonders how many times they have had this conversation. "It doesn't bother me anymore, I've told you," Lily says, finally meeting Potter's eyes again proudly. "Merlin knows I've heard it enough this year. It's just a stupid word. It doesn't mean anything." "It does! It means that there are people out there, a lot of people out there, who hate you for something you can't control," Potter tells her. "Maybe it doesn't bother you anymore, but apparently you're stronger than me because it bothers me." There is a soft look on Lily's face that makes Severus uneasy and he dreads the next words out of her mouth. But whatever is on her mind never makes it past her lips because Potter presses his unworthy mouth to hers for the longest fleeting moment Severus has ever witnessed. "McGonagall thinks it's because no one is sure, anymore," Potter says, straightening back up as Lily resumes her position with her head on his shoulder. "How it's all going to end up, I mean. With Voldemort. If he gains control, takes over the Ministry, the entire Auror Office will be purged if there are people there who have only ever worked to stop him, so they won't take on anyone who is known to disagree with him. On the other hand, if Voldemort is defeated, the Ministry will look terrible if there are a load of Aurors who were followers of his, so they won't be hiring any prospective Death Eaters either." "So, what? They'll only take on neutral parties from now on?" Lily asks, distaste plain in her tone. Potter shrugs casually, but Severus suspects from the furrow of his brow that Potter is far more concerned than he is letting on. Potter sighs. "It's what McGonagall thinks." "But how can anyone really maintain a neutral position on the issue? Either you are for the murdering of countless innocent people or you are against it. There can't really be a middle ground!" Privately, Severus disagrees with her. He doesn't think this particular issue is nearly as black and white as Lily does. There are people out there who don't necessarily agree with the murders that are happening or those that are imminent, but still align themselves with the Dark Lord