How would you feel if I told you I loved you? "Never above you. Never below you. Always beside you." - Walter Winchell Lily Evans came from an ordinary family, with a mother, father, and sister who lived in an ordinary house in an ordinary neighborhood. There had been nothing strange or unusual in her upbringing and still, she was a most unordinary girl as her sister never tired of reminding her. Freak , Petunia liked to call her, pointed nose upturned, beady blue eyes narrowed in disgust and what Lily liked to think was envy rather than hatred. See, Lily was a witch and her family were what was known as Muggles, non-magic folk. Five years her senior, Petunia seemed determined to be as ordinary as possible to make up for her sister's freakish uniqueness. Their parents were far less judgmental about it all, but they still didn't really understand exactly why Lily was so enthusiastic about school, and her friends, and her magic. They didn't see the point of the cauldron she set up in her bedroom whenever she was home, or the unusual ingredients that were often delivered to their window via delivery owl and then sliced, chopped, and brewed into a potion the purpose of which they never understood even when she explained it again and again. They had met a few of her friends on trips to Diagon Alley - the magical shopping alley in London which they were always eager to visit and gawk about - and on Platform 9 3/4, but they were always a bit too shocked at their attire and cultural differences and the conversations too short for them to have any chance to actually get to know and like any of her magical friends. However, for the first time ever today, they would hopefully be spending an extended amount of time with someone who had grown up in the magical world, someone who knew as little about the Muggle world as her parents did about the magical world. Of course, this would be taking place at Petunia's very traditional, very Muggle, distinctly un- freaky wedding, so Lily wasn't sure exactly how much free time her parents were going to have. Up until a couple of months ago, Lily hadn't been planning on bringing anyone to the wedding, not because she didn't have any options, but because she had assumed that she was going to be in the wedding as opposed to at the wedding. As the sister of the bride, Lily had thought she would be too busy with her bridesmaid duties to spend any time with a date who wouldn't know anyone or have anything ordinary to share with a bunch of Muggles. When she had been home for Christmas break, however, she had quickly realized that wasn't going to be the case. Petunia had no interest in including her sister in her wedding. In fact, if Petunia had gotten her way, Lily wouldn't even have been able to attend the wedding. It was, after all, scheduled not during break, but in the middle of her final term of school and Petunia knew that Lily had never been able to leave school for a weekend before. But Lily was Head Girl now, and that meant that, while she had more responsibilities at school, she also had more pull with her teachers and the headmaster, and had been able to convince Professor Dumbledore to allow her to come home for the weekend. Her date, on the other hand, had no such permission. He likely could have gotten permission had he asked - he was well-liked by Professor Dumbledore and most of their professors, after all - but he was a trouble-maker through and through and he knew how to get out of the school without the headmaster's express permission. He could have gotten Lily out as well, had she not been granted permission to leave, but it would have been tricky, coming up with a believable story as to why no one had seen the Head Girl in days. Petunia's face when Lily had arrived at the rehearsal dinner with their parents the previous night had stung, but she was mostly used to it, that sneering, disapproving, glaring down the bridge of the nose, unadulterated disappointment. She had sat quietly, which was something Lily was unaccustomed to doing, while speeches were made and food was consumed and champagne was sipped. When Petunia had been forced to hug her at the end of the evening, her fingernails had been sharp and almost pierced Lily's arm with the force with which she had gripped her. Her voice had been low and harsh in Lily's ear. " Don't embarrass me tomorrow ." Lily frowned and dug her feet into the grass in her parent's front garden. She was sick of it all; sick of being Petunia's freak sister, sick of being the mudblood Head Girl, sick of not fitting in wherever she went. Usually, it didn't bother her. She had friends, really good friends who didn't care about her blood status. She had a boy who had proclaimed his preference for her over the cultural preoccupation with blood purity, who had knowingly and willingly subjected himself to torment and judgment and danger just to be with her. She had parents who loved her despite their differences, even if they didn't really understand her. She had the respect of all of her teachers, who saw her as a bright girl, a clever girl, a talented girl. She had the respect of herself, for not bowing under the pressure to disappear, to push away those who wanted to stand by her, to run from the words and the accusations and the hate and even the love. Sometimes, though, it really got to her that no matter how hard she tried to mend bridges, there would always be people on the other side just waiting to tear those bridges right back down. Her sister, her best-friend-turned-traitor, the single most powerful dark wizard to ever exist and his ever-growing mass of followers. It was just too much, at times. "You haven't been Petrified, have you, Evans?" The voice - and the completely unordinary wording of the question - mere inches from her ear had Lily breaking into a bright, relieved smile. "Only, I've been sitting here with you for a couple minutes and you haven't reacted or moved at all." "Hello, James." Lily turned her head so he could see her smile and feel how glad she was to have him there. "Oh, good, you're all right. Had me concerned for a moment there." James cocked his head curiously, his eyebrows all but knitting together even as he smiled while studying her. "What's got your attention?" "Nothing important. I was just brooding a bit." She slid her hand into his, resting their hands on her thigh and wishing that they didn't have to leave for her sister's wedding in a moment. "Yeah, I could tell. You had the Sirius look about you." "No matter. Now all my attention is on you." She winked, then frowned when she finally took in his appearance. "Oh, no, this won't do at all." "What?" He looked down, patted his neat tie, smoothed non-existent wrinkles from his pressed shirt. "Isn't this appropriate Muggle attire? I went to a Muggle shop. Brought Mary along and everything. I thought it looked ridiculous, but she assured me that this was what I should wear." Muggleborn Mary MacDonald, Peter Pettigrew's new girlfriend and a longtime friend of Lily's, had not steered him wrong. Her choice of a pair of plaid, wide-legged trousers and a green suit jacket over a fitted off-white button-up was entirely fitting attire for a Muggle wedding guest. Still, Lily had never been more disappointed than when she stared at him. Down to the brand new brown dress shoes, he was completely ordinary. "What have you done?" She stared, aghast, at the flat mass of black on top of his head. "You've even tamed your hair! You look completely normal." "I'm afraid you've lost me. Are you upset because I look too Muggle?" He laughed when she nodded, sad eyes and bottom lip sticking out and all. "I thought you wanted your family to like me." "I do , but this isn't you. This is… this is… Steve McQueen!" "I'm not…" James stopped in the middle of his indignant protest to cock his head. "Who is Steve McQueen?" "He's a very fit, well-dressed, tame-haired, ordinary, rich Muggle celebrity! Well, he's a bit old now, but he's still pretty fit!" "Well, we have two things in common on a regular basis. I am, after all, very fit and very rich." "I don't want Steve McQueen! I want messy hair, rumpled clothes, ink-stained fingers, crooked half-done ties, wand-twirling, Snitch-obsessed, nervous energy…" James cut her off, rather abruptly covering her mouth with his. When he pulled away just a few seconds later, he didn't seem to notice the hunger he had awakened in her. He smiled and cupped the back of her neck in his free hand as he rested his forehead against hers. "Hey, just because I properly tied my tie for once and got Sirius to charm my hair to lie flat for a couple hours, doesn't change the fact that I'm still that idiot prat who doesn't know how to tuck in his shirt all the way around or sit still for longer than five minutes on a good day." "All the same." Lily laughed and slid her hand into his hair, thoroughly mussing it and undoing all of Sirius Black's undoubtedly hard work. "I'd like for you to at least resemble yourself when you meet my parents." "Oh, shall I go slip into something more comfortable, eh?" James joked as she slipped her hand from his to fidget with his tie, loosening it a bit and undoing the first button on his shirt. "Perhaps a lovely pair of dress robes? Or maybe nothing at all?" Lily's heart started hammering at the mere suggestion. He was clearly joking, but she had no doubt that if she told him that yes, she would like for him to follow her into the house and shuck every last stitch of clothing on his body and have his way with her, he would not hesitate to comply. They hadn't yet reached that stage in their relationship, but he had made enough offhand jokes for Lily to catch on that they weren't really all that offhand at all. It wasn't that she wasn't interested, it was that they never seemed to have the time or opportunity to explore that side of their relationship. The furthest they had managed to get before one of them had to run off to some prior engagement or one of his roommates had come traipsing back into their dormitory was ripping the shirts off each other. And here they were sitting in front of her conveniently empty childhood home with somewhere they had to be in less than ten minutes. "There," she said brusquely and stood to admire her handiwork. "Much more like yourself, but still thoroughly Muggle." "Will your family approve, then?" He stood there on the stoop, did a little twirl for her, and then leapt the short distance down to her level. "Petunia won't, but she wouldn't like the prince of England if he was dating me." Lily smiled when James looked momentarily affronted, and slipped her hands into his. "My mum will be mad for you, and I think my dad will like you." "You think ?" "You're my first boyfriend I've ever brought home. I don't know how he'll act." Lily shrugged. "If you were shorter and uglier, but with the same personality, I would think he'd love you." "So the only reason your dad might not be warm and welcoming to me is that I'm too attractive?" James frowned, then grinned and nodded. "I can deal with