A/N: Post-series. In the peace, Katniss lets her hair grow long, and begins to learn how to live again. It isn't easy. She's unused to its steady rhythm, to its slow, clodding pace. Not like the rush of survival, all blood in the throat and the fast pulse of blood beneath the skin. She busies herself with the spring planting, with hunting again, with learning how to move and breathe and live in her own skin. She lets her hair grow long and does not touch it, does not plait it or braid it, barely allowing herself to tie it back when summer sets in, thick and humid, when she can't stand the feel of the strands sticking to the back of her neck. Peeta moves next door and she can hear the creak of his flooring, the strange echoes that stir in his house and pass to hers, the ghosts they both share. He calls out in his nightmares and she slips into his bed, pinning his body with hers. It doesn't take another thought. She clings to his back, her leg tucked around him, and waits for the tremor of his body to still. This is what they do. This is what they have always done. In war or peace, this is what they have always done. Her hair grows long, and Peeta becomes enamored with the way it feels to skim his fingers along the ends. It seems too delicate for the both of them. And he says, "It's different." Katniss's lips quirk at the corners, and he can already sense the retort lingering on the tip of her tongue. Instead, she walks to the counter, a slight sashay in her hips, and reaches for the bag of wet katniss roots, barely covered by burlap. The knife edge is sharp, gliding easily through a root in her palm and she turns, handing him a half to peel. "Better?" He squints at her, evening sun streaming through the window; her hair's turned a different shade in the light, drawing her softer. The shadow along her jaw more muted. In the book, he'd run the pad of his thumb along the paper there to soften the lines, smudge all the charcoal into an ashy shadow. He reaches for a small knife on the counter, turning the katniss root in his hand, the blade running lightly across the skin. Thin strips of peel fall in bits to the wooden countertop. "Do you like it?" "Do you ?" Peeta brushes at his mouth with the butt of his hand, and the katniss peel falls to the floor quietly. "It suits you." "Better than before?" "It suits you now. But a year ago, or five...?" He pauses and she halves another katniss root in her palm; they have never really thought to talk about the past. They lived through it, and it's enough to keep on living. He cuts a piece of katniss from the end and pops it in his mouth. She smiles at him, a sly curve, and the root crunches bitter in his mouth, cold and starchy. "Good?" she teases, with a soft laugh, and he sets the knife aside, reaching for her hips. It's a small moment of not knowing how to move; her hips press back against his hands and then, a few stumbles closer. Her lips brush the bridge of his nose, and this is worth it, he thinks, coming back to District 12, and the ashes of where the bakery once stood, and the shadows left in the stones and the fields, and the memories, and the curve of her mouth. Thinking he could forget this, maybe that's impossible. She hums, a soft giggle lingering just behind it, and he kisses her. They sit at the dining table, the sack of katniss on the table between them, her feet bare against the floor, and his hands still dusted with flour by the wrists. There's always something left behind. She pauses from her peeling to look towards the window; there's something about sunsets that still manages to stun her into silence, even now, with everything they've seen. She slides her feet into his lap then, and he watches her wait for the moonrise. (Peeta keeps his hands against the arch of her foot, and she thinks of the moon, swaying, perhaps a little drunk in the sky above the cave, and the weight of the bags against her shoulder and the lightness of the arrows in the quiver and the rattle of Peeta's breathing in sickness. His thumb brushes the jut of her ankle, and she looks away from the sky.) He feeds her a piece of raw katniss and she grins, crunching it between her teeth. "Good?" he says, and she moves to his side of the table, laying her legs across his lap. She presses a kiss to the corner of his mouth. "Thanks for the help," she says. He runs his fingers along her back. It isn't a question of good days or bad days, good hours or bad hours – this is what the others in the District don't understand; there aren't moments when he's Peeta, and other moments when he's no longer Peeta. It's all him, lucid or mad, whole or splintered – everything still belongs to him and his back hasn't yet broken under the weight; this, Katniss understands, and she leaves him to it. Sometimes, in his episodes, he shuts himself inside his house and she can hear the sound of breaking dishes, his heavy footfalls when he paces; the worst ones are when she can't hear anything but silence, when he has retreated so far into the past that she can only sing softly to him, ask him to come back to her. Tethered to each other with twine, the both of them. Nothing but an unspooled thread that she hopes will never sever. (But when he looks up at her mid-song, and echoes the last refrain in his low voice, she will remember the shade of his eyes, and the size of his pupils and the slightness of his wrists, and everything else will no longer matter.) He plants trees and vegetables outside his house – fostering a small garden – and she finds herself watching him when he works, his hands in the earth, muscles rippling with each movement. (Peeta catches her once, flashing a smile, and she goes hunting for the rest of the day.) The first batch of tomato plants don't blossom; the apple trees bear small, sour fruit, but he tries to make the best of it. They start to cook in her kitchen. Nothing complicated, not like the dishes they had in the Capitol, but the sorts of things she'd make at home. He cooks the apples down with sugar and spices until they're slightly bittersweet, but palatable. Neither of them are for sweets, anyway. The pots and pans are dirtied – she burns one of the smaller pots – and they leave the cleaning until the morning. After dinner, she leads him upstairs and they lie in bed together, too full to do anything but sleep. His hair grows long, past his ears, and she's struck by how much he resembles one of the smaller stray pups that used to run around the Hob. She trims his hair with kitchen shears on the steps outside her house. His hair is thicker than she expects, lighter on the ends, and she runs her hands through his hair a few times when she's finished to check her own work. "I'm sure you did fine," he says. "It's your head." He laughs then, his hand touching hers. Letters from her mother come sometimes. Infrequently. She can never bring herself to open them, lets them collect on the corner of a kitchen counter until they begin to yellow. She writes letters to Prim. It's so easy to forget that she's gone, not just living with her mother in a better district. She forgets sometimes, halfway into a sentence about Buttercup and Peeta's failed attempts at growing pumpkins, his inability to understand climate and crops, and the ink bleeds and smudges across the pad of a finger, and everything will feel fresh, a wound re-opened. Prim is gone, yes, and can't ever return, or be reached. Her sweet smile, the way she forgot to tuck her shirt in, her half-finished thoughts and excited chattering in the mornings, the way she would crush Buttercup to her chest as a child – these things that can't make up a person, and it's all that Katniss can remember of her sister. Prim , she writes, I still think about you every day. When the pain finally goes away, Prim will mean less in some way, and Katniss – it isn't something she can allow herself to do. (But the same lesson, learned by rote: life goes on. Steadily. Unchangingly. The sun continues to rise and set; the seasons continue to cycle; and leaves will fall from the trees each year, and she feels change in her bones with each growing year, with each year passed, and Prim remains a fixture, unchanging, unchanged, and Katniss cannot bridge that distance.) Peeta writes her a short note, and sticks it beneath a green tomato on her front stoop. You were the only girl I ever loved. She slices the tomato open and eats slowly, the flesh still tart and firm on her tongue. Later: his house, the instinct that accompanies Hunger Games victors at the rustle of branches in the wind. The trees are never trees; ghouls still know how to reach for hearts inside ribcages. It's a cool night, the wind strong, and he pads downstairs with a knife in hand. (The longer it goes, the more foreign it feels; there was once a time when the weight of a knife in his hand felt more comfortable, meant safety, meant something besides fear. And he's forgotten how much it slows him, the nervous energy rending his muscles taut. He can't recall if there was always this much to pay attention to, or if he was better at it when he was younger. A few years could make a difference, couldn't it?) Katniss has a nearly empty white liquor bottle in her hand, feet bare, dressed only in a nightshirt, the wind whipping her hair around her face. "Katniss?" She hands him the bottle and the scrap of his note, the paper wrinkled and well-worn. "Loved?" she asks. He wraps an arm around her shoulder and she buries her head into the crook of his shoulder and they are children again, or have they always been children playing at being adults, playing at being real adults or adults playing at being warriors or warriors playing at being weak; he forgets the order and he forgets which goes first and which comes later, but he can feel the heat of her breath through his shirt and they are children, they were children, they are children, and have they ever been anything else? Her voice is high; he forgot that about her. He wraps his arms around her and she presses a wet kiss to his neck, and oh, his mistakes, his sins, their sins. Everything adds up, and the longer they live, the more they mar. She knocks her forehead against his shoulder, wiping at her eyes, and he doesn't remember what he's supposed to say. "I love you," he says, and she kisses him, open-mouthed and wet, and he says it again, and she knocks her heel against his calf, and she stands on the balls of her feet and kisses him, and kisses him, and tugs at his hair with her hand, and pushes him backwards into his house, and kisses him. "I love you," he says, and that's an admission, isn't it, guilt and a war crime and anger and guilt and, "I love you." It's important to take responsibility