Saving her Thranduil: The King of the Woodland Realm Anariel: The Queen. Legolas: Oldest son of King Thranduil, crown prince and heir to the throne, captain of the elite team of Greenwood (Born TA 87) Lucien: Son of King Thranduil, warrior in training (Born TA 201) Gilmarkar: Youngest son of king Thranduil (Born TA 263) Legolas' two bodyguards: Rozarko (also minder) and Girion. Legolas' elite team: Anglond, Mirthral, Rogon, Logon, Tristan, Falael, Cyan, Kaleth, Galdor, Gilthron. First chapter: Imladris Third Age 604 Legolas looked down from the branch he was sitting on, he heard voices talking from underneath him. He saw Glorfindel walking with Erestor, he had his sword at his side. "They are absolutely impossible" Glorfindel complained, "and now I have to spent the entire afternoon with them". "It's going to be fine" Erestor breathed resentful. Legolas soundlessly jumped from tree to tree after them, towards the training grounds. "They actually replaced my shampoo with…" Glorfindel complained again, "well I don't know what it was, but it was sticky". Legolas had to stiffen a laugh, pressing his hand tight against his mouth. "And yesterday they filled all my drawers with feathers! And the day before that…". "I get the point" Erestor exclaimed, waving up his hands. Glorfindel glared hotly at him. They reached the training grounds where Elladan and Elrohir already were ready. Glorfindel used some time to explain something to them that Legolas did not listen after, he looked too intrigued at his two friends faces. They had difficulty taking Glorfindel serious. Glorfindel became even more red in his face. "You two fatheaded, incompetent…" Glorfindel growled, losing his temper. "Easy there, Glor" Elladan piped in, "there are young ears present", he nodded towards the branch where Legolas sat. "What?" Glorfindel whirled around, and saw the blond Sindar elf sitting on the branch of the tree near the training ground. "Young ears?" Legolas said mock affronted. "You are younger than us" Elladan pointed out. Legolas just glared at him. "Valar" Glorfindel breathed, running a hand over his face, "you two" he then turned and pointed at Elladan and Elrohir, "get into position". Both twin nodded and moved to stand before each other, lifting their training swords. Glorfindel gave them some instructions before he nodded. "Begin" he ordered. The twins started to spear, and Glorfindel barked out commands, instructions and guidelines. After some time like that, Glorfindel stopped them, straightened them up before ordering them to continue. Legolas could see that the two twins were indeed improving. It had been some years since he had been in Imladris, and the two twins had never been in Greenwood before. A while later the elite team of Legolas came to the grounds, going there to train too. They stopped shortly to look at the two twins, before walking off to train for themselves. Legolas fallowed his team. "Was our captain not supposed to meet us?" Tristan asked. "He's already here" Rozarko answered, seeing Legolas jump from a tree and walk calmly towards them. They all turned to see Legolas standing right behind them, smiling calmly. "So" Legolas said, "let's get started then". Glorfindel ended the training with the twins, having been doing it for some time now. He looked to the training ground some distance away from them, seeing the Woodelves train. "Come" he ordered to the twins and waved them with him, "you could learn something from this". Elladan and Elrohir both almost gaped when they saw the Woodelves train. They had never seen them train before, not like this. They used their real weapons, not practice ones, and moved so fast you had to concentrate hard to fallow their movements. "See, this is precision" Glorfindel said, grinning at the two younger elves. Then they saw Legolas, spearing with Rozarko. Legolas used his beautiful, but deadly, white mithril twin knifes. Rozarko used two knifes as well. They moved fast, jumping, turning, ducking, striking and blocking. It was almost beautiful to see them, almost looking like a deadly dance. "Damn" Elrohir breathed, "he really is getting better than us". "He should" Glorfindel said, "being captain of the elite team of Greenwood, he has to be one of the best". Legolas managed to throw Rozarko to the ground, one knee on his chest, one knife to Rozarko's neck, the other to his side. "Do you yield?" Legolas said with a smirk. "Do I have a choice, my prince?" Rozarko grinned. Legolas got off Rozarko and gave him a hand, pulling him up again. "So" Legolas said, turning to Elladan and Elrohir, "it has been a while since we crossed blades, care to find out the progress in our training?". Glorfindel smiled, and pushed both twins forth. "Who do you want?" Glorfindel asked. Legolas just grinned, "give me both of them". Elladan and Elrohir both looked a bit surprised, but then gave each other a nod. They would wipe what stupid grin of the Woodland prince's face. Both of them attack simultaneously. Legolas easily blocked both their attacks, swung around fast and took a strike to both of them. They just managed to block, and Legolas then attacked again, and again, and again. Both of the twins just keeping up with blocking the attacks. "You are" Legolas said while attacking, "being", he turned and attacked again, "too" another attack, "slow". He knocked Elrohir to the ground, kicking his sword away. Then Elladan attacked, Legolas blocked. Elrohir tried to get up, but Legolas kicked him in the chest, not hard, but hard enough to send him back down. Then he went for Elladan, attacking in a jump, knocking the other twin to the ground as well. Legolas then knelled between them, placing the tip of his knife to their chests. "Do you yield?" Legolas asked, grinning. "Never" Elladan yelled. "Well" Legolas grinned, "then I just have to finish you, don't I?". "No!" Elrohir exclaimed when Legolas moved raised his blades. Legolas ached an eyebrow. "So" Legolas teased, "I could take you as prisoners instead". "That is an excellent idea" Elladan piped in. "But you are terrible prisoners" Legolas then stated. "Ehm" Elrohir stammered, looking to his brother. "So I think I am actually better of just finish you up". "We promise we will behave" Elrohir exclaimed, "we will be the best prisoners, do everything you say". "Make your bed" Elladan said. "Wash your clothes" Elrohir said. "Even wash your hair" Elladan said. Legolas bark out laughing, when he was done, he moved to stand up, giving both twins a hand to pull them up as well. "Well, penneth" came Elrond's amused voice, "I now see how to get those two to submit". Elladan and Elrohir turned to give their father a hot glare. "I did not think that was possible" Glorfindel remarked. "Oh, when it's my son, almost everything is possible" came the fair and gentle voice of Anariel, the queen of Greenwood, and Legolas' mother. "Well, I seemed to forget that, my lady" Glorfindel said, bowing his head. Anariel walked elegantly over the grass, her light green dress flowing around her feet. Her light blonde hair curled around her slim shoulders. "You are getting better, my son" she smiled gently. "I still have a lot to learn" Legolas smiled shyly, bowing his head. "We never stop learn" she said. Elrond smiled gently at the queen of Greenwood, she was remarkable, and wise beyond her age. Elrond walked silently through the halls of his home. It was late in the evening, his wife, Celebrían had already gone to sleep, the same as her good friend, Anariel. They had sat up to late talking, and Elrond had withdrawn from them. The same had his children and Legolas. His sons he had heard retrieving to their rooms, and his daughter had gone to sleep. But the young prince of Greenwood he had not seen all evening, and he started to wonder where he was. Outside he found Legolas. The prince was shining light in the darkness of the night. Legolas squatted near the water of a stream, letting his fingers run through the water. "You seem restless this evening, penneth" Elrond said kindly. Legolas rose and turned to look at him. Legolas did not answer, for he did not know what to say to the wise lord of Imladris. "You cannot sleep?" Elrond then asked. "No" Legolas answered quietly. "Walk with me" Elrond insisted, and they walked together through the gardens of the valley. For a long time, they did not say anything to each other. Elrond regarded the young prince next to him, he cared deeply for him. Legolas was in many ways so like his father, and so different in the same time. He was stubborn, and knew what he wanted, he was not one to give up on something or someone. His temperament was a good mixed of both his mother and father, he was gentle as his mother, but could be fierce and strongwilled as father. Thranduil and Anariel knew how to raise their children, and had raised them all to incredible young elves. They all still had a lot to learn, but the fact that Legolas already, in an age of only 517 years, was captain of the elite team of Greenwood, said something about his capabilities. "I would actually like to ask you something, my lord" Legolas said gently. Elrond nodded, giving the prince a gentle smile. "I would like to return next year, and study the language of the Noldor". Elrond smile warmly, almost proudly, "of cause" he said, "I would be honored to teach you myself". Legolas looked surprised, "I do not wish to take away your time". "Nonsense" Elrond waved a hand, "I would be delighted. You know you are always welcome, and I would like to teach you all what I can". "Thank you" Legolas smiled gently. Elladan and Elrohir ran out of the house and into the gardens, in their hands a bucket of paint and paintbrushes. "ELLADAN! ELROHIR!" came the shouting voice of Glorfindel. The twins stumbled into the crownprince of Greenwood. "What?" Legolas exclaimed surprised before both twins handed the paintbrushes into his arms. When Legolas looked up, he saw Glorfindel emerge from the house, his clothes striped with yellow paint. "You!" he growled and pointed a finger at Legolas. Legolas looked at the paintbrushes in his hands, they were stained with yellow paint. Those twins! He exclaimed inside before he dropped the brushes and ran as fast as he could after Elladan and Elrohir. "Wait until I get the hands on you!" Glorfindel yelled, "I will kick you so hard you will fly all the way to Greenwood! And not be able to sit down for three weeks". Legolas, being very agile and athletic, jumped into the nearest tree, and leapt from tree to tree. Glorfindel soon gave up the pursue. Legolas had located the twins near the river. He sneaked near them, still in the trees. When he was right above them, he jumped down, landing inches from their faces. "Valar, Legolas!" they both exclaimed chocked and jump back. "And cannot believe you pulled me into your prank like that" Legolas growled lowly at them, making both of them flinch. "Well it worked" Elrohir grinned nervously, "we got Glorfindel of our back". "For now" Legolas said, still angry, "just until he sees you two again. And now I am on the black list too, for something I had no part in". "Well" Elladan said. "No" Legolas cut him off, "next time you plan on dragging me into something like this, give me a heads up beforehand. Something like: Hey Legolas, we are going to paint Glorfindel all yellow, and plan on giving you the blame, just so you know". "Actually" Elrohir grinned, "it was not a part of our plan, you just happened to be in the right place at the right time". "For you maybe!" Legolas yelled. "Oh Legolas calm down" Elladan said clasping his shoulder, "when did you become so