White Light Thranduil: King of the Woodland Realm Anariel: Queen of the Woodland Realm (deceased) Legolas: Oldest son of King Thranduil, heir to the throne, and captain of the first/elite team (born TA 87) Lucien: Son of King Thranduil, worrier in the fourth team (born TA 201) Gilmarkar: Youngest son of King Thranduil (born TA 263) Rozarko: Legolas first bodyguard and minder Girion: Legolas second bodyguard The elite team of Legolas: Anglond, Mirthral, Rogon, Logon, Tristan, Falael, Cyan, Kaleth, Galdor, Gilthron Chapter 1: Cleared for active duty Third age 646 – Winter Sunbeams hit his face and he struggled to turn away from them, not quite ready to get up get. The exercise the day before, or days, had been very straining, even for a well-trained woodelf. With a sigh, he stumbled out of bed, cursing as his entirely body arched. Three days in the forest, at the pike of winter, was not something he was fond of. Even though the snow was still to come, the frost had bitten into the forest, making it all white and frosty. He got out of bed and ready for the day, dragged himself out of his champers and down the corridors to the Royal wing. He tiredly knocked on the door and waited only a second before entering. "You're late" came a teasingly voice from the bedroom. "It was on purpose" he answered tiredly. Legolas stock his head out for a short moment grinning all too much for Rozarko's liking, and then, Legolas was gone again doing Valar knows what. Well, at least he was in a high spirit this morning, Rozarko just wondered why, and the more he wondered, the more he dared to find out. Usually, when Legolas was in this high a spirit, somehow Rozarko always got drag into something awful. He sighed and walked into the bedroom to see what Legolas was up to, but when he got inside, Legolas was nowhere to be seen. "Where did you go?" Rozarko sighed irritated, waving his arms into the air. "In here" Legolas said all to matter-of-factly. Rozarko groaned and walked back into the living room, wondering how Legolas had gotten in there without him seeing. "I thought only mortals used glasses" Legolas teased while going through a pile of papers on his desk, "is there something you haven't told me?" he added and barely held back a chuckle. Rozarko strode over faster than Legolas could react and smacked him in the back of his head. Legolas just laughed and opened the top drawer of his desk, taking out a pile of papers and looking through them. Rozarko crossed his arms and tilted his head to the side. "What are you looking for?" he asked a bit irritated. "I had an idea last night" Legolas said while going opening the next drawer, "I wrote it down, but now I can't find the paper". "What kind of idea?" Rozarko asked with apprehension, he dreaded the answer. "For our next exercise" Legolas said seriously while opening the third drawer. "No more exercises for the next four weeks at least!" Rozarko exclaimed. This made Legolas look at him, and a huge grin appeared on his face. "Getting too old now, hmm?" he teased with that glint in his eyes that almost melted Rozarko. "What now?" Rozarko said mock offended. "You are getting too old; your hearing is affected as well" Legolas teased and turned to look yet another pile of paper through. But before he even touched them, Rozarko had smacked the back of his head again. Legolas rose and met his eyes once more, the same mischievous glint in his icy blue eyes. "Is it supposed to hurt?" he asked with a mock confused expression, "or are you just getting too old to smack me hard enough?". Legolas stopped himself and looked surprised at what he had just said, Rozarko barely managed to keep an outburst of laugher back. "That sounded so much more wrong than I intended" Legolas said, trying to sound serious, but failing as Rozarko burst into laughter, and Legolas soon fallowed. Rozarko had to dried tears from his face from just laughing, it had been a long time since he and Legolas had laughed like that, and it felt even better than he could have imagined. He then grinned. "Tell me" he said, and Legolas looked up at him, "yesterday evening you got an idea for an exercise". "Yes" Legolas said with high spirit. "And you wrote it down on a piece of paper?" Rozarko said matter-of-factly. "Yes" Legolas said now getting a bit confused of where Rozarko was going with this. "And you placed the paper where you would find it?". "Yes" Legolas said, now getting a bit irritated, he told him this already. "And now" Rozarko said, barely holding back his laugher, "you cannot find it?". "I told you that!" Legolas said agitated. "And you are calling me old!" Rozarko grinned and crossed his arms while looking mock offended. Legolas got that mischievous glint in his eyes again, one that Rozarko always had loved. It reminded him of the young and carefree elfling he was when many, many years ago, before he started training as a worrier. "I actually never called you old" Legolas grinned, "I merely asked if you were getting too old". Legolas then chuckled, "you repeat everything I am saying, am I to replace you with a younger model?". Rozarko glared warningly at him, "you wouldn't dare" he warned in a low voice, not quite able to hide his amusement. "No" Legolas said with a knowing smile, "but my father would" he grinned. "I am too cute to be replaced" Rozarko then grinned, straightened his back the best "cute" smile he could muster. Legolas broke into a laugher, just as a knock sounded at the door. Legolas tried his best to straighten up and wipe a few tears off his eyes before calling for enter. Lucien strode into the room, looking first to Legolas, then to Rozarko and back again, grinning with a huge smile. "What is going on?" he asked wondering with a smile, "what is so funny? I could hear outside the corridor". "Well" Legolas started, "Rozarko is getting too old, not able to see or hear anymore" he grinned. "What!" Rozarko exclaimed, "you are the one forgetting where you put things". "It was only a piece of paper" Legolas reasoned, "at least that is better than to not see or hear". "And how is that funny?" Lucien asked, not quite able to fallow the two. "I guess you had to be there" Legolas said and took a deep breath, "why are you here?" he asked a little more serious. "Ada would like to talk with you" Lucien answered with a serious face. Legolas slumped a little by the tone of Lucien's voice. He took a deep breath before answering: "Is he in his office?" he asked with a more serious voice now. Lucien just nodded, and Legolas walked out of his champers, somehow dreading what his father would talk about. Rozarko followed close behind, sensing how Legolas was in an inner uproar, even though his father had long forgiven him, Legolas still had a hard time facing him. These last couple of months had not been the easiest for Legolas, losing his left kidney after his own brother attacked him, had taken its toll on Legolas. And his team had just gotten into a good routine again after they had returned home, and then Legolas was incapacitated and was hold of off patrols for several months. He had just started training and going on exercises with them again. Only Rozarko and Girion knew exactly what had happen the day Legolas was attacked and almost lost his life. But he had made them promise, no, forced them to promise, that they would never reveal who had attacked him. As they walked down the corridor, Rozarko noticed that Legolas hissed almost soundlessly, and his right hand travelled to his left side. Rozarko was quickly by his side, placing a hand on his right hand, making Legolas stop and look at him. "It still pains you?" he whispered. Legolas nodded quietly, waiting a moment for some servant to pass by them. "Sometimes" Legolas whispered quietly, averting his eyes. Rozarko placed a hand on Legolas cheek, turning his eyes towards him again. "When did Belenor last examine you?" Rozarko asked, concern written over his fair face, and his forest green eyes looking straight into the icy blue ones of Legolas'. "Just a couple of weeks ago" Legolas said quietly, watching as two guards walked pass them, "he said I should continue my training and exercises with the team" he continued when the guards had turned the corner. "And what about the phantom pains?" Rozarko whispered, knowing Legolas had had these strange, almost stabbing-like pains shot through his left side, sometimes it even burned. It had been extreme in the weeks after the surgery where they removed his damaged kidney. He could wake in the middle of the night almost screaming in pain, sweat rolling down his face and back, panting and struggling for breath. Rozarko knew it was not that bad any more, but just how bad it was, he was not sure. Legolas was an expert to conceal his feelings. "Not as bad as it has been" Legolas confessed silently, again looking away from Rozarko's piercing, but concerned eyes, "but it can still be bad from time to time. Mostly at night". Legolas took a shuddering breath and straightened up. "We better not let my father wait any longer" he said and walked on. Rozarko knew this conversation was over for now, but he promised himself to find out, just how bad these phantom pains still were. o0o They reached the double doors to Thranduil's office, and Belstram, the King's bodyguards, smiled warmly at Legolas, and knocked on the door, announcing the arrival of the prince. Inside the office, Thranduil was surprisingly not sitting behind his desk, and Legolas stopped for a moment, wondering where he was, when he heard his father clear his throat to his right. At the fireplace, where the seating area was placed. He was standing before the fireplace, next to him was Belenor, the royal healer, the sight of him almost made Legolas flinch. "You wished to talk to me, father" Legolas said a bit gruff, clearing his throat afterwards. "Yes" Thranduil states matter-of-factly, "I would like Belenor to decides whether or not to clear you for active duty once more". Legolas looked stunned for a moment, his eyes travelling from his father to Belenor, and then back again. "Legolas" Belenor said gently, gesturing for him to follow him. Legolas took a deep breath, meeting Rozarko's eyes for a moment, who gave him a small smile, and watching as Legolas walked behind Belenor into the bathroom. Once inside, Belenor closed the door and looked gently at Legolas. ´ "So" Belenor stated, getting started, "please remove your tunic and shirt". Legolas did as told, and when he was done, Belenor examined his scar on his left side. "Any soreness?" Belenor asked, while he was feeling around the scar. "No" Legolas said honestly, "not now when you touch it". Belenor looked up at him. "Still plagued by phantom pains?" he asked with a bit of concern in his eyes. "Yes" Legolas breathed, looking down, "not as bad as it was, but it still hurts sometimes". "Still worse at night?" Belenor asked. Legolas nodded. Belenor looked thoughtful for a short while, then gesturing for Legolas to take his tunic back on. "How are you managing them when they appear?" Belenor asked while Legolas got dressed. "As you told me" he answered, "when they are bad, Rozarko or Girion makes the tea you prescribed, or else I use the breathing exercises you taught me". Belenor nodded. "You have two very indispensable friends in those two" Belenor said with a warm smile. "That