A/N: I am a novice writer. That is all. Thank you. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson because if I did I wouldn't be writing Fanfiction. This is just for my own-wait I actually don't know why I'm writing this. Hmmm. Okay you know what forget it. Just remember. I DO NOT OWN PERCY JACKSON. I REPAT. I DO NOT OWN PERCY JACKSON. See how I wrote in caps lock there so it would stand out? The Quest to Retrieve the Master Bolt Chapter 1 Hi my name is Peal Jackson. Short for Persephone but people rarely call me that, and the name to me is disturbing and too long. So I settled on Pearl because pearls are found in the ocean and well I really like the ocean. Like I have a deep connection with it. Call me weird but it's true. Now lets Continue on with the story. My name is Pearl Jackson. And this is my story. … Imagine a typical orange-yellow American bus. Now imagine a sixth grade class with twenty-eight mental case kids and two teachers on that school bus. One in a wheelchair and the other just wants an excuse to get me in trouble. And guess what? I'm one of those mental case kids! We were taking a field trip to Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. Which in my opinion is just plain out boring, I mean why don't they take us to the movies and watch all the gruesome, treacherous events that happened in the Ancient times, huh? I wanna see war not sculptures. Some of us-mostly me-are visual learners, here! Were not all that smart. Sigh. The human civilisation is getting stupider and stupider, day by day. Lets zoom in on me and look at what kind of dangerous thing I will do on this field trip. And you guys are probably wondering what can you possibly do that would be dangerous in a museum? Well, to answer that question is, every time I go on field trips this mysterious thing always happens to me. Like, like, when I was in fifth-grade we went to a Saratoga Battle Field, how cool is that? A real battle field! Must be my lucky day, or so I thought. I was just examining the Revolutionary War cannon and then boom! The cannon just came to life and all I did was light a match. How mysterious is that? The only good thing about it was that it hit the bulls eye! Which also was the school bus… Then there was this other time when I as in fourth grade. We took a behind the scenes tour of the Marine World Shark Pool and I honestly thought this was the one of most mysterious thing that ever happened in my life. I was just leaning back when a here a sound and the splash! The whole class fell into the water and took a good old swim class. I mean I didn't know that some people couldn't swim or that the lever was connected to the catwalk it just mysteriously happened. Now those were just some of the bad things that happened to me before. You'll soon catch on, on why these 'mysterious' things happens to me. But for now lets get on to the part where I defend my friend(That rhymed!) from the evil sandwich monster. Aka Nancy Bobofit. "Im going to seriously murder her. No. I'm going to be the main attraction in her nightmares" I mutter to myself, with the exception of Grover hearing me. The reason? Well Nancy Bobofit and I were sworn enemies and as I liked to call it were on our daily 'MEOLM' , short for, Make Each Other's Lives Miserable. And to start the bus drive all the way to the city, Nancy thought it was a fantastic idea to throw chunks of peanut butter and ketchup sandwich at the back of my best friend's head, Grover. Who would've thought she'd come up with such a stupid sandwich recipe? Nancy is this red-headed kleptomaniac chick with freckles, and in all honesty I'm a way better stealer than her. Grover, my best friend, was this curly brown haired dude with a muscular disease in his legs, and so he obviously had crutches and a note skipping him from PE. But don't let his tricks fool you, he is secretly, this crazed kid that has been overly hyped with candy. When it was enchilada day I wouldn't want to be in his way if I were you, he ran over this kid like a bull, without mercy. Without Mercy! Anyways, Nancy was throwing chunks the size of baby apples at Grover, and she must've had a whole bucket of these sandwiches because they just kept on coming and coming. They stuck in his curly brown hair like flies stuck in a cobweb. I kicked the chair in front of me. "It's fine, I like peanut butter" Grover tried to calm me down. "Grover, I've told you this a million times this is war were talking about nothing can stand in my way!" I sighed pinching the bridge of my nose. He dodged another chunk of the sandwich while I was explaining to him. "That's it" I started to get up but Grover pulled me back down. "Come on Pearl, your already on probation" he started to tell me, "You know who'll get in trouble if anything happens". I-oh wait. I had forgotten that I was on probation. Haha must've slipped my mind. The headmaster had threatened me with in-school suspension, if anything bad(dangerous), embarrassing(funny), or even mildly entertaining(like someone taking an unplanned swim (*wink wink*)) happened on this trip. I rolled my eyes and turned around, putting my knees on my chair in a kneeling position, and peeked over the chair. Nancy caught my eye and smirked. I held up the middle finger at her and smirked as she widened her eyes in shock. She knew I couldn't do anything back to her directly, like punch her, but no one ever said I couldn't do anything indirectly. Sticking my tongue out at her I sat back in my seat while Nancy stopped her sandwich throwing game. "See? Everything will be a-okay!" I smiled at Grover who just stared at me, surprised. I mean come on I would've guessed Grover would've known I would've done something back instead of staying put. Psh. No one messes with me, I'm too cool. … Mr Burner, my third favourite teacher was leading the trip. Whoop! Whoop! He was this middle aged guy that rides everywhere in a motorised wheelchair. He had some hair on his head and some hair on his chin which I think is called a 'scruffy beard' and a frayed tweed jacket that smelled like coffee. I used to wonder why it did smell like coffee. Did he spill coffee on his jacket and the smell didn't wash out or does he wear coffee perfume? You wouldn't think the guy is cool, but he told some pretty cool stories and jokes and let us play games in his class. He also had the awesome as collection of Roman armour and weapons that I sometimes play around with, so all in all he was the one of the only teacher whose class didn't put me too sleep. He rode up front in his wheel chair and guided us throughout the giant echoey galleries. We looked at marble statues and glass cases that had really and I mean really old black and orange pottery. The only thing that was going on in my mind was that why did everything have to be so old? And why did we have to walk around and look at old stuff that survived for over two to three thousand years. While he was talking about some girl our age and how the thirteen foot tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top was a grave marker for the girl. I was trying and I quote 'trying' to listen but everyone around me was talking and it was getting on my nerves. And every time I told them to shut up Mrs. Dodds would give me the evil eye. Oh this is not just any 'evil eye' it's the evil eye of doom! Every time she looks at me with those evil eyes of hers I get this feeling and my brain telling me to kill this monster. Yup I nicknamed her monster, Mrs. Dodds Monster That Gives The Evil Eye Of Doom or for short MDMTGTEEOD. She was our maths teacher from Georgia who always wore this black leather jacket to class every single time. And I always think if she has any other clothes or if she had any clothes in her closet. She didn't look mean, oh no, thats an understatement she was evil enough to ride a Harley right the your locker. She just randomly showed up halfway through the year, when our last math teacher had a nervous breakdown. From her first day Mrs. Dodds thought I was the devils spawn and Nancy was an angel sent from heaven. Hah, I laugh so hard I cried, literally. She has this thing of pointing her crooked finger at me and saying, "Now honey" real sweet and un innocent. And one time when I told her pointing was rude she made me erase answers out of old maths work books until midnight, not that I actually did it. I told Grover Mrs. Dodds was not even close to the human race and he looked at me with a serious look Grover does when something bad happens and said, "You're absolutely right". Mr. Brunner kept talking about greek funeral art and Nancy Bobofit snickered something about the naked guy on the stele. I turned around and said, "Will you just shut up for once?". It came out louder than I thought it would and the whole group laughed. Mr. Brunner stopped his interesting story and turned around. "Miss Jackson" he paused to get my attention and shut the kids up. "Did you have something to say?". I looked at him with a really face and said "Nope". "Perhaps you call tell us what this picture represents?", he asked and pointed to one of the pictures. I squinted my eyes and looked at it, "Thats, that Kronos guy right? The one Eating his kids". Mr Brunner looked at me as if saying to continue, "And he did this because…?". "Kronos was the King Titan" I wasn't going to confuse the difference between god and titan, pfft, i've done that many times before and I wasn't going to do it in front of my third favourite teacher. "And he had serious trust issues. I mean they were so bad that he ate his kids because of it. Like he literally swallowed them whole. But then one day his wife, Rhea hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. And he actually fell for it and thought the rock was Zeus! Can you believe that? That guy must be blind to think his child was a rock. Then when Zeus grew up he tricked his dad into throwing up his brothers and sisters-" "Eeew" a few girls said behind me. Please. I've seen worse. "-and so there was this huge, huge, huge war between the gods and Titans. And in the end only of two sides was left standing. And that side was the gods. They had won the battle that had went on for many years maybe even centuries. The End". Behind me, Nancy Bobofit not so quietly mumbled to a friend, "Like were going to actually use this stuff in real life. Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids, ". "Like you'll ever get to the stage to even get a job" I smirked