I know I have a sick, twisted mind but this pairing is so deliciously forbidden, that I love it. In my opinion, they are actually well matched by the things they have each suffered through. Their mutual scars and needs almost make their story the most natural happening. Set in AU… Sue and Billy are a couple. Listen to 'Lonely Too Long' by Patty Loveless for the second half of the chapter. It was the inspiration for this story. Special thanks to Sari Damien… she wrote the first half and anything that is longer than two paragraphs without a lemon. I'm doing some 'citrus contracting' for a couple of her stories and she convinced me to join FF and share some of my previously unpublished works of lemons and limes. We work great together. I have too short an attention span to write anything detailed and emotional which is what she's awesome at. The beginning was actually plagiarized from her upcoming Leah story with her blessing. I just kind of simplified it and took out her OC's. So go ahead and enjoy her excellent writing and my smutty goodness. I had to get out of here! I was completely melting down like a nuclear reactor. There was nowhere I could go that felt safe… If I went home, someone was bound to be there later and hear my traitorous tears. I was near hyperventilation as I escaped the party crowd. I saw Renesmee look at me with a curious look before she left Jacob's side to walk over to Edward. She tugged his hand and I saw him look down at her as I rounded the corner of the tribal center. I bit my lip hard and held my breath as a sob rose in my throat. The long silky dress restricted my movements as I tried to lengthen my stride and when I looked down at it, it made the pain tearing my chest apart a thousand times worse. I heard the laughter and music floating from the tent and it was like poison darts lancing my heart. Hot tears slipped down my cheeks as I walked as fast as I could in the ridiculous heels I had been forced to wear. As hard as I tried to hold it in, a few sounds escaped me as I fought to hold back from crying out loud. "Leah," I froze as an icy hand touched my arm. Oh god no! Why, oh why her! I glared at Bella. She smiled at me with real pain in her eyes. "I know you hate me but I know what you're going through." I laughed incredulously at her and was marginally grateful for the anger that was replacing some of the more wet emotions. "You know what I'm going through?" I whispered acidly at her. "Because you have been where I'm at? You had to watch someone else marry Edward and not only that, but you were forced to stand up as her MAID OF HONOR and act like you were so happy for them?" I was whisper screaming at her because I didn't want anyone in the pack to hear me. "I don't think you have any idea of what I'm going through." She bit her lower lip and I swear it looked like she was going to cry. "Come on," she said quietly, towing me away from the party and towards the beach. I went only because it was in the right direction for me. She stopped when the party was just a hum in the background and looked at me. "When Edward left me and I didn't hear from them for months and months, I felt like someone had literally reached into my chest and pulled my heart out with their bare hands. Everyone around me was worried but they didn't understand how I felt. I kept being told to get over it and that it was just a high school romance. I would find another love and it wasn't healthy." She smiled sadly at me and I saw real understanding in her eyes. "What no one understood, was that I was dying inside. I couldn't get over him and I couldn't even think of life without him without feeling like I was going crazy. It literally made me scream in agony to think about the rest of my life without him with me. No one seemed to get that I was literally dying a little bit everyday. But then Jake just let me hurt and he was there for me… what ever I needed, however I needed and it allowed me to survive even though I was still destroyed inside." She took my scorching hand in her freezing cold one and smiled gently. "No one's ever let you grieve. You've never even had the chance to heal at all because no one's ever understood that what Sam and Emily did to you devastated you to the highest degree that someone could endure and still live. I know that people can die of a broken heart because I almost did. And I swear; I almost killed Jacob when I heard he had Alpha ordered you to be in the wedding party. I'm tempted to ban him from seeing Renesmee for a month." Ouch… that would definitely hurt. She held my hand with both of hers now and looked in my eyes. "I don't know exactly what you feel like right now, but I do know what it's like to feel like you're dying inside. It's okay Leah, to feel like you do, and you don't need to justify your feelings to anyone else. You have lived through things that would have killed a weaker person. You need to be able to cry and think about whatever you need to without a bunch of insensitive jerks inside your head." I smiled weakly at that but the tears still slid silently down my face. "Edward came back to me and I don't feel like that anymore. I can't imagine if I had to live with that pain forever. But I just want you to know Leah, that you deserve someone so much better than Sam." I couldn't hold back the sob that escaped and I felt my control slipping as I cried harder. "I can't stop loving him," I told her. "I can't find someone else, and it just keeps hurting." She hugged me with her stone arm and for once I didn't yank away. After a few minutes she spoke. "Rosalie wants to kill him," she said conversationally. I laughed through my tears. "Seriously," she continued. "Carlisle had to command her to keep a hundred miles from the wedding. We like you Leah, our whole family and it hurts that we can't do anything to make it better." "It hurts?" I scoffed. "Hey, in a few years we'll be related." I raised an eyebrow as I wiped my cheeks with the back of my hand. She smiled. "Well, when your mom and Billy get married and Jacob and Nessie will eventually, I'll be your step-brother's mother-in-law." She froze with a look of consternation and we both burst out laughing. "Ew, that sounds totally wrong," she said and I thought of how quickly I went from despising her to understanding her on a deep level. She smiled sadly at me. "I don't have anything to say that will make you feel better, but we did want to tell you that you could use our house… Edward and I, that is. Only if you want; but we thought it might be a convenient place to hide." I looked at her, no longer on the verge of panic, but the pain hadn't really diminished. I nodded my head as fresh tears welled in my eyes. " It's time for the bouquet tossing… All the single ladies. Where's the maid of honor? We know she's single." The faint but audible announcement over the speakers in the wedding tent floated over to us and Bella growled as I gasped in shock. Agony speared my heart as I recognized Jared's voice and I started crying in earnest. How could he make light of my suffering? How could he say that out loud for everyone to hear? Bella dragged me along behind her towards the far end of the parking lot where there were trees. "Esme will put clothes in a basket for you, give me your dress. I'll make sure it gets home for you." I sobbed louder as I ripped the dress off in the privacy of the forest. "Keep it, no burn it!" I wailed and I tore the shoes from my feet. The fake jewelry followed as I stripped bare and tossed it to her. "I don't want it; I don't ever want to see it again!" Bella looked seriously upset as she held my discarded wedding finery in her arms. I started backing away from her as I cried. "There is a key tucked up in the gutter to the right of the door… or just smash in the front door; it doesn't matter." I shook my head as heat raced up my spine. "I'll use the key," I managed to gasp as I exploded into a wolf. I was so relieved as I raced towards the Cullen's that there were no other voices in my head that I cried harder. No, they were all too busy celebrating Sam and Emily's marriage and thinking that I was just a bitter bitch causing the happy couple undeserved problems. I wept as I ran, the sounds coming as whines and quiet howls of agony. Bella was right and somehow in the tiniest way it comforted me to know that there was one person who actually understood. Everyone else treated me like I was the bad guy because I was hurt and upset over Sam and Emily's relationship. He had cheated on me with my own cousin and I was the bad guy. She had betrayed me with the love of my life and I was the bad guy. No one seemed to remember or acknowledge that they had been sleeping together while Sam was still with me… that he didn't have the courage to tell me to my face and break it off with me before they started a relationship. I saw the Cullen house and Esme's small form on the back porch. I slowed and looked at her and saw her with a hand over her heart and her golden eyes full of pain. Was it possible that the Cullen's had more understanding and compassion for my suffering than my own family and pack did? I leapt the river and ran up to Edward and Bella's cottage. I phased back and tried the door; it was open. There was a wicker laundry basket inside the door with clean clothes and I noticed all of the windows were open. Bella must have called Esme when I had left her. The whole cottage and Edward and Bella's room was empty of any furniture but Renesmee's room had a queen size bed that looked like it had just been made. I stepped closer and sniffed and could detect fresh traces of Esme's scent. There was a nightstand with a small lace doily under a lamp. Two accent rugs, a comfortable reclining rocker and a padded trunk filled in some of the blank space along with a few candle sconces on the walls and a tapestry hanging above the bed. There was a chenille throw tossed artfully over the back of the recliner and a cotton blanket folded like origami at the foot of the bed. Everything smelled clean and fresh with Esme's traces on it and I was astounded when I realized that she must have done this in the ten minutes it took me to run here. Though my mind took in the scene, I was still drowning in sorrow as I walked naked to the