Author's Note: I do not own Harry Potter, or any of it's characters. I do not own the wizarding world sadly or we would have mass production of chocolate frogs! Hopefully you all like this fic, got slammed with it one late night, just to let you know this does not follow Deathly Hallows at all. So no spoilers. Footsteps in the snow left a trail, a shadowy reminder of the one who left them behind. And the man, who walked with a purpose, didn't so much as give them a second glance. His emerald eyes blazed with a hidden fire. The scarf he wore was old, a reminder of days gone by. Determined, He fully intended to see this particular task to the end. He paused before the house in front of him, his hand half raised. He hadn't seen her in years and he wasn't sure she was still alive. Taking a deep breath he knocked on the door softly. "Come in," rang a voice that was music to his ears. Pushing his glasses up, he took a deep breath and tried not to think like a schoolboy as he pushed open the door. She sat at a fire, age having taken her hair to white, and although her eyes had saddened, they were still full of life and surprise at seeing him again. "…what do I owe the pleasure of seeing you again?" she said, already smiling. He smiled back as he stomped out the snow from his boots and walked into the house fully. "Minerva," he spoke her first name, as they were equals now. Though he knew in her eyes, he was the better now. "We're reopening her, and I want you back," he said simply. Oh there was surprise in her eyes again. "Me?" she asked. "You see that even time has slowly caught up to me, what good could I possibly be to you?" "You knew it before I did, you know it down to your bones," he stated, flashing her a lopsided grin. "Besides do you honestly think they could get me to agree to be headmaster? No thank you I'll stick to what I know. So we need someone who was one before, and has the knowledge and know-how. Frankly Professor," he stressed the title letting her know that's what she would always be to him: a treasured teacher, and a dear friend. "You are the only one I agreed to let take on the job. She needs your wisdom…and your rules." Towards the end of his statement, Harry could no longer prevent the sadness from showing in his eyes. He shook his head, in one last attempt to remain composed. Not fooled for a moment, Minerva gestured to the chair across from her. "That isn't everything you came today to talk to me about, is it Mr. Potter?" she stated knowing it was true. He ran a hand through his thick black hair and closed his eyes. Leaning back in the chair, he took a moment to enjoy the warmth that was filling the room. "Do you know where he's living now? The minister of magic doesn't dare go against my wishes. After all, everyone knows about the time I blew up Dumbledore's office…and as I seem to have inherited even more power, they are afraid I could do the same to the whole wizarding world," he said with a humorless smile. "So you're already feeling sorry for yourself," she said in her raspy voice. He laughed and shook his head. "For myself? No, I feel bad for my fiancé; she deals with everything in stride. She doesn't even bat an eye. Though Merlin knows how many times I've been hit over the head with a frying pan," he said, rubbing his head. "Is that so?" she asked, raising an eyebrow. "How is it that you can't even find an old hermit potion's master, Harry, if your so powerful?" He sighed, "I don't honestly want to intrude on whatever life he might have earned for himself. Everyone knows he is innocent, no one blames him, or Draco for what happened. What's done is done, now we have to think about the future," he said simply. "Harry…What makes you think I would know where Severus Snape is?" she inquired. "Because he would tell you," Harry said bluntly. He didn't blink he just stared at her, his emerald eyes held no emotion, which sent chills down her old spine. He was right, no wizard ever dared go against him. "I heard that Ms. Granger became a potion's mistress why not have her teach instead?" she countered. "Actually it's Mrs. Malfoy now, surprised?" He grinned again, "You know how she was helping Draco recover? Well Ron isn't too happy about it, but he at least respects Draco, he did save her life after all. But she is teaching Muggle Studies, of course. And yes Narcissa has accepted her as a daughter, she actually adores Mione, and she finally gets along with Tonk's mother again. 'Bout time if you ask me." Harry shook his head, noticing he'd strayed off topic. Sitting up straighter, he looked Minerva directly in the eyes and continued, "I want Snape…he was the best, and still is the best, I am sure of it." Harry's tone was sharp, all amusement vanishing. Again Minerva found herself staring at an adult wizard, who was as cold as the weather was…she shook her head, remembering all to well the arguments and fights the Potion's master and this particular former student had…then an idea began to form into her head…she smiled. "Last I checked, he was at the Prince estate," she said stiffly, though she was already very pleased with what was in Harry's mind. The shadows under his eyes, and the slight flicker of self loathing was enough to have her wishing the wraith of Snape on him. "Thank you…you will become headmistress again right?" he asked pausing as he stood. He looked at her, his eyes piercing. She nodded slowly, "until we both find a replacement we can agree on." Harry nodded satisfied. "All right we have an accord," he said and walked to the door. "Harry…why now? It's been five years since Hogwarts closed." He turned, his amusement back. "Because it took me that long to contact enough builders to put her back to her former glory," he explained. When Minerva stared, he shrugged. "I have a large amount of wealth that never seems to get used. So I figured I'd put it where it would belong…" he finished, opening the door stepping back out into the storm. "Harry…you won't be able to apparate there…Severus has many wards, as well as traps all over his property. He isn't interested in…" she trailed off, at a loss how to put in words what she meant. "He has no desire to associate with the Wizarding world any longer. Don't worry Professor, I understand entirely." He flashed her one more grin before he slipped into the storm. Minerva surged to her feet and rushed to the door intending to warn Harry about Snape's current mood, but the man was no where to be seen. "Albus…he grew up into a true wizard…" she whispered with a tear streaming down her face. She just wished that he didn't have to deal with his past…some scars would never fade… Severus Snape considered himself a rather simple man—well wizard. He enjoyed simple things, like a nice fire on a chilly night, a cup of herbal tea to calm the nerves that woke him sweating from a deep sleep. He liked his solitude, free of any concerns other than himself. And most of all, he told himself day after day, he enjoyed not having to teach snot-nosed little brats. Normally, he would still be asleep, even with the wind slamming against his windows. It was a bad snowstorm, he thought. England didn't get many, but the few they did get seemed to make up for the amount. This particular storm was going to have him trapped in his home for days to come, he thought happily, or he would've been happy had he been able to shake the feeling that something—rather someone from his past was going to show up any time now. He coughed and sipped his tea. He hadn't changed much since his days at Hogwarts. His face was clean-shaven face, his hair was long now, to the middle of his back. At the moment it was tied back and lacked the greasy look it always got when he worked with potions. Not that he didn't work with potions, but since he had no classes to teach he could make potions at his leisure. He was surprised when he found himself preparing Pepper-up and another rather nasty concoction that would help with treating severe chills. Shrugging he set his teacup down, perhaps he would run himself a nice hot bath and go back to sleep. He jumped as he heard a slam on his front door and wondered if snow had fallen against it. But his senses heightened and he found himself on his feet, facing the door with his wand out, his eyes narrowed. The slam occurred again, though now it seemed more of a knock than a slam. Glaring, he walked over to the door and threw it open. He figured it was probably some stupid villager to dumb enough to stay out of the storm. What he saw before him stopped his heart. "Hello Professor Snape, might I borrow a small bit of your time?" Harry Potter, thorn of his Hogwarts years, asked. He gaped; it was all he could do. Harry was dressed in a thick long trench coat; his old Gryffindor House scarf was wrapped tightly around his neck and his mouth. He wore no hat and from the look of his red nose, hadn't even placed a warming charm on his clothes. "Potter…" he began when the younger man sneezed. He frowned, and cursed whatever circumstance had brought the boy back to him. He stepped aside and gestured, "Get in before all the heat goes out with you." He barked out the command. Stomping the snow off his boots, Harry quickly did as he was told. The thin gloves he was wearing caused Snape to scowl. "Haven't you gained any common sense?" he snapped out. "Why didn't you use a warming charm on your clothes." Harry pulled down his scarf and gave Snape a lopsided grin. "Sorry Professor, I meant to, but it sort of just slipped from my mind…now about why I am here…" Harry began, but Snape held up a hand and pointed to a series of pegs on the wall. "Coat and scarf there, leave your boots there as well," he snapped. Harry blinked and then raised an eyebrow at Snape's antics. Deciding it best to obey the man, Harry slowly peeled off his gloves and shoved them into his coat pocket. He then delicately pulled off his jacket, shivering as the snow slid down his back. Next he unwound the scarf and hung it next to the coat. "Professor, I really won't take more than a few minutes of your time," he said as he paused. Snape sneered and pointed at Harry's boots. "Then you can do so without bringing any of that into my study," he stated Harry sighed. Hopping on one foot, he began to pry the first boot off. At one point he nearly lost his balance completely, before the boot victoriously slipped off his foot. Snape rolled his eyes heavenward and pointed his wand at Harry's other foot. Muttering a quick spell, the boot slid off his foot and landed softly onto the small carpet. Harry blinked, standing dumbly for a moment. Suddenly, he realized he was still holding his boot. With a slight blush, he scrambled to put it down with the other. "Why is it, you don't seem to want to