Katniss arrived early at the shoot's location to ensure that Cinna's big day would go off without a hitch. She cringed having Effie's irritating voice ring in her mind about this being a "big, big, big day," god that woman is annoying thought Katniss. As if calling on the devil himself Katniss heard the shrill screech of Effie come bounding into the room. She looked a fright, her wig askew, make up smudged, panting like a dog trapped in a 90 degree car, "Katniss, Katniss…its, oh god it's a nightmare, the whole day is ruined…" "What-t, Effie what are you talking about, everything is ready, the wardrobes are here, the photographer en route, the athletes left the hotel 20 minutes ago, models confirmed last night…," replied Katniss. "That's the, oh dear lord, what will we do, the models, no model…she can't, she isn't coming," Effie sputtered. "What, which model?!" Effie took a deep breath and tried to speak, "Cl-Clove Blake, you know the one we had to scrounge to find?" "Clove, Clove, oh please don't tell me she's the petite dark haired gal that Cinna was very specific about?" Effie grimaced, "Uh..Yes dear that is the one; she apparently got food poisoning last night and is still in the hospital." Just as panic began to take hold of us, Cinna strolled in looking like he just walked off the runway himself but quickly stopped upon seeing us. "What has got my two lovely lassies looking so stressed upon this fine morning," he cooed. Effie immediately began to chatter; forcing Katniss to cut her off abruptly with a curt, "Shut it" Effie recoiled and scoffed muttering something about manners as Katniss explained the situation. Knowing that it took weeks to locate Clove due to hear 5'7" frame and long jet-black hair, Cinna knew this was a devastating blow. He had meticulously handpicked every female model to not only fit his new athletic workout/lingerie line but also accentuate the five celebrity athletes he had chosen to represent it. As Cinna, watched Effie and Katniss frantically call all of the local modeling agencies trying to locate a replacement his eyes lingered on Katniss. He had grown very fond of his strong minded, wallflower of an assistant however until this moment he had never noticed just how very beautiful she was, although one would never easily see her beauty by her appearance. Katniss was about 5'6" maybe 5'7", she has long ebony hair that is always in a braid or thrown up in a messy bun. She never wears make up, instead she wears thick framed black glasses that hide her mercury colored eyes and a scowl that could ward off the nicest of people. As Cinna continues his observation, he hears the commotion of the crew and the models arrive. Katniss immediately rushes forward to address the group sending them to their assigned areas to get started, she then runs up to Cinna. "Effie is still calling to see if we can find a substitute but it's not looking good, do you want me to try and reschedule?" she asks. Katniss waits for a reply while Cinna slowly skims his eyes over her, from her beat up combat boots to her faded jeans, and baggy green v-neck t-shirt, stopping at her soft pink lips. "Cinna?!" "Hello, Cinna," Katniss calls. "Hmmm" he replies almost dreamily. "Do you want me to start rescheduling, or should we wait and see if Clove will be up for a late start?" Katniss asks. "How's your sister?" Cinna inquires. "What, why would you ask that now, we need to make a decision" she says frustratingly the question having caught Katniss off guard. "Is she still on track for medical school?"" Yes, Cinna what are we going to do?" she responds with haste. She seriously wants to beat her head against a wall right now and here he is asking about Prim, what is wrong with him she thinks. "Katniss, I know before you were worried about her getting accepted to medical school because of the cost, is that still a problem?" Oh, my god what is he getting at he knows her family isn't well off; Cinna is one of the only people that knows the real story of how she grew up in the small town of Seam, having pretty much raised her younger sister after her mother's breakdown when her father was killed in a mining accident. Katniss was only 11 when it happened but was quickly transported to the life of an adult to not only take care of herself but also her seven-year-old sister and severely depressed mother. Katniss worked hard for four years until her mother slowly recovered to retake her position as head of the house but Katniss had already hardened becoming a very closed off individual showing only love to her precious younger sibling. Now being on her own Katniss started working for Cinna two years ago as a grunt filling coffee orders, running errands, and any other small menial task to earn a solid wage keeping only enough for herself to live and sending the rest home for Prim's education. Six months ago, Cinna finally talked her into becoming his executive assistant giving her a substantial raise, full control of his calendar, shoots, and life really. She is exceptional at her job even though you would never guess it by her appearance tending to look like a grunge librarian than a high fashion, executive assistant. Katniss shakes her head as though trying to regain her senses and replies calmly even though her insides are screaming, "No we haven't figured out everything regarding cost. We're hopeful that with mom's extra shifts and my new pay to squeak her through with a little help from financial aid." At this Cinna smiles like a Cheshire cat and Katniss squirms under his gaze, "Cinna what is going on, why are you looking at me like that?" "Tell Effie to call of the search because you my dear are going to take Clove's place," he chimes. "WHAT?!" "Cinna are you nuts what are you saying?" she screams. "You are taking her place, you're the right size, athletic, beautiful, and you can use the $10,000 she was going to get paid," he says with a grin. "B-bb-but I'm not a model an-and did you just say $10,000?" she replies hopefully. "YES, so I see the athletes have arrived, you'll do it right?" Cinna places a hand on her back and directs her in the direction of the five good-looking men who just walked through the door. Katniss is still reeling from Cinna's suggestion and has yet to respond finding her tongue glued to the roof of her mouth. Cinna begins talking to the guys introducing himself and then introduces Katniss explaining that she will be taking Clove's place to avoid the costly process of rescheduling. At this Katniss tunes back in when she hears the scoff and other obnoxious comments, "I'm not doing a photo shoot with some trashy looking bookworm," the tall, bulky blond man says. Katniss recognizes him as Cato Sharp a linebacker for the Panem Panthers. The Greek Adonis looking guy, Finnick Odair says, "With a little polishing she could be on fire, but I only do photo shoots with Annie so I'm out." "I'll take her," says the dark, handsome Gale Hawthorne, pitcher for the Panem Pirates. He quirks an eyebrow at Katniss making her shiver shooting a look to Cinna. "Nope some of these shots need to be pretty hot and you could pass for her brother," Cinna states with a note of distaste. As Cinna surveys the other two men, he quickly shakes his head at the 6'7'' Thresh Bennet, point guard for Panem's premier basketball league. He would dwarf Katniss with his immense size, Cinna smiles as his eyes fall onto the last man in front of him and the word "perfect" falls from his mouth. At this he quickly asks, "Are you up for the challenge, she's not a professional model but her looks deceive," Cinna states. His Caribbean blue eyes flick over to Katniss who has become very interested in her shoes and says, "I love a challenge." Peeta Mellark is the star forward for District 12's premier soccer team and coincidentally the only guy Katniss has ever been a fan girl of is standing in front of her smiling. Katniss's head whipped up on his response, her eyes wide, and her breath gone. She can feel her whole body flush and immediately turns to run almost taking Cinna out in the process. Cinna latches onto Katniss while all the guys chuckle, making her flush multiply. Cinna abruptly turns around calling out to Portia the head of makeup and wardrobe to fetch them and get them ready. He smiles at them as they turn to head back into the corner, once out of sight he releases Katniss placing his hand on her cheek to face him. "I need you to do this, you need you to do this, you can do this," Cinna coos. "I-I can't not only am I not a model I don't know the first thing about modeling plus look at me, I can't, "she states. " Yes you can, you can and will for Prim, I know you Katniss your stronger than any woman I know, you can do this." "But I've seen the outfits and don't get me wrong their incredible but I'm not sexy, I will look ridiculous. I can't even wear shorts without feeling embarrassed, not to mention there is no way I can wear those around HIM," she declares. "Yeah what was that I don't think I have ever seen you blush? Does someone have a crush?" "NO!, I just, well I-I used to play soccer in high school it was my favorite sport and now I like to watch it and he's like the best, you know?" "You like him admit it," Cinna says with glee. "NO, no, no, he's just, I-I admire his skill it's a little intimidating," Katniss says trying to sound aloof. "Uh huh, okay we'll go with that, so are we good you'll do this for me and for Prim?" After a few moments of internal debating Katniss reluctantly says, yes-knowing Prim needs this and she will do anything for sister. Cinna hugs her with such a force she almost loses her breath, as Effie comes running over looking like she has run a marathon. "Cinna I can't find anyone," she says on the brink of tears. Cinna turns kissing Effie on the cheek and says with authority, "Take a break Effie we got this, your gold." He takes Katniss's hand and taking her to Portia quickly explaining what is to take place. An hour later all the models emerge from hair and makeup looking sporty but also sexy followed by the male athletes looking equally as hot. The only one not present yet is Katniss needing extra time being waxed and polished before heading into hair and makeup. Cinna starts pairing up the couples, introducing Glimmer the busty blond to Cato, Finnick being married to a model quickly takes his place next to Annie, while Gale walks over to Madge a beautiful European model, leaving Thresh matched up with Johanna a feisty brunette model who stands at 6' 3" with heels. Cinna directs them over to the photographer to get a rundown on what is expected of this photo shoot. Cinna turns back looking at Peeta, "thank you for taking this chance even though she's a novice Katniss is a hard worker and won't fail us, however I will warn you she's really shy so this is going to be shall we say difficult." Peeta only grins at this stating again, how much he loves a challenge. Twenty minutes pass, while Cato and Glimmer are being shot and you can hear the photographer shouting out commands. Even with two very attractive individuals, the poses