HEAVENLY HILLS Author's Note: The small town mentioned in this story is a real place. Also, this is a very dark Jake, but it ends with an HEA. A bit alternate universe, too. The room is smoky and dark. He scans the shadowy corners as he makes his way to a far table, his instincts on alert and searching for danger. They tell him that none of the drunks and lowlifes in this room can truly harm him, which is a damned shame. When he's in the perfect mood to kick some vampire ass, there's never one around. His instincts submerge and his eyes take over, and what they see makes him smile. There's a whole lot of loneliness, pain and misery in this claustrophobic hell hole. His kind of place. He chooses the farthest table and slides into the hard chair that faces the room. He wonders briefly why he's even bothering setting up an imaginary perimeter in his head. It seems stupid, since he plans on getting so shit-faced that he won't even know what world he's in, let alone what town or what shithole bar. But it's those fucking instincts of his. They never rest. A washed-up waitress with hollow cheeks and hopeless eyes comes to take his drink order. He tells her he's not picky, just bring him something ass-kicking strong and keep it coming until he gives the word. She doesn't even react to his strange request. She's probably seen a lot of men in this place just like him: men at the end of their rope and trying to forget their mistakes the easiest way possible, men running from life as fast as they can and getting nowhere. He's not even a third of the way to the bottom of his first glass when some random woman suddenly appears at his table and just sits her ass down without even asking his permission. He glares at her. Bleach blonde hair piled high in a pathetic attempt to look glamorous, not enough makeup to cover the imperfections in her face, tits way too big to be natural, a strange, almost predatory, gleam in her eyes: she has whore written all over her. Something about her makes him think he's seen her somewhere before, but then, he's seen a ton of whores in the past four years. They all look alike to him now. "What's your name?" she asks. He considers telling her to go fuck herself. He's not in the mood for a blow job in a dirty bathroom stall. But he doesn't tell her to go away, and he has no idea why. Maybe he's lonely? Just the thought makes him want to break out in hysterical laughter, which would definitely ruin the ambience in this smoke-filled den of depression. Of course he's lonely, but that is his choice. "Jacob Black," he answers, eyeing her over the rim of his glass. "I'm Leigh, but they call me Heaven Leigh around here. I know it's cheesy, but I like the name. It fits." He doesn't know what to say to that, so he takes another drink instead, wishing she'd just leave and go bother some other loser. "Where're you headed?" "Somewhere else," he answers. Running is all he's done since the wedding. Run, stop for a night or two, and then run to somewhere else. He doesn't even know what town he's in tonight, nor does he care. The only thing that matters is that he's far away from them. She smiles. "I've been to Somewhere Else," she says. "The food sucks, but the cops aren't dicks. That's always a plus in my book." It shocks the hell out of him to hear a laugh actually slide out of his throat. How long has it been since that's happened? "You're pretty funny," he says, chuckling. For a whore, he thinks. "Spreading happiness and good cheer. That's my job." She winks and gives him a crooked grin. He downs the rest of the amber liquid in his glass in one gulp. It burns a fiery trail down his throat. Once it settles in his stomach, the warmth begins to spread, softening the hard edges of his bitterness just a little. A few more glasses and his ugly reality will be completely gone, replaced by an unrealistic, but beautiful, alternate reality: Jacob Black married to Bella Swan, building a future with her and loving her for the rest of his life. All he wants is to be alone so he can enjoy his drunken fantasies in wasted bliss. "I'm not in the market for happiness and good cheer tonight, so you need to move on." "I can see that," she says, studying him closely. He expects the tired, washed out eyes of a woman who has seen too much and lived too hard, but hers aren't like that at all. They're a strange gray-blue, clear and very intense. He stares into them and sees his home, the waves of First Beach gently lapping the sand on those calm days that are so rare. He sees the gray sky overhead, clouds breaking apart briefly, revealing the blue that lies behind them before they merge together again. He feels their cool drops on his skin as he runs bare-chested through the rain. His heart hurts. His soul aches. He misses his home, but he can't go back ever , because they're there. He looks away and down at the table. "Looks to me like you need a friend worse than you need a fuck," she says softly. "You're in luck. I'm running in the black this month, so I can afford to take a night off." He rolls his eyes and signals to the waitress to bring him another drink. A friend is the last thing he needs. A rolling stone gathers no moss… or friends or wives or children. It just keeps rolling along aimlessly until it slams into something big enough to stop it. He's searching for that something big. He hasn't found it yet, but he knows it's out there somewhere. When he finds it, he's damned sure not going to hit his brakes at the last second. He's going to let himself slam into it full force. The running will finally be over. She slides her hand on top of his and squeezes. His first instinct is to jerk away. Her touch is too intimate. Sweaty anonymous sex in dark no-name places is the only type of contact he's had with women in the past four years. Her comforting touch feels foreign to him, but he doesn't want it to end. It must be the alcohol. "I'm a complete stranger, Jacob, but I'm a good listener," she says, still holding fast to his hand. "You're such a beautiful man, but obviously very troubled." He laughs softly. "Beautiful? Maybe to you , but to her, I wasn't pale and ethereal enough to be beautiful. I was strong, but my strength wasn't the right kind. I was always there for her, even when he left her completely broken, but that kind of loyalty wasn't what she wanted. I tried everything, even manipulation, but nothing worked. I lost her." He closes his eyes and looks into the past, the smoky room and the touchy-feely whore fading away, morphing into a perfectly manicured lawn, with twilight overhead, and Bella in his arms. The wedding is such a distant memory now that it's sometimes hard for him to clearly picture her face. The warm feel of her body against his as they dance, the smell of her perfume, none of that feels real anymore. He looks at the man in his memories and wonders who he is. It's like it all happened to someone else and he's just watching a bad romcom with equally bad actors. "Tell me everything," the whore urges him gently. He hears her voice, but it sounds so far away. "Let go of your burdens. It'll help, I promise." Can't she just leave him alone? All he wants is to drink a few more glasses of that amber liquid and then fire up his motorcycle and burn up the highway, full throttle fury, as fast as that hunk of metal can go. Who knows? Maybe that something big he's been searching for will jump out in front of his motorcycle tonight and finally stop him for good. A deer. Some old drunk geezer swerving left of center. A tree. A guard rail. A well-placed pot hole. Any one of those will do the trick. "Jacob!" She softly, but urgently, calls his name, squeezing his hand even tighter until it almost hurts. He comes to his senses and meets her eyes again. He wants to look away but he can't. Her gaze is almost hypnotic, or else that drink was stronger than he thought and he is well on his way to being totally shit-faced earlier than he expected. "Please tell me," she says, her eyes pleading. He glances at the huge Budweiser clock glowing red over the bar. It's 2 am. He wonders if Bella even thinks of him anymore. Probably not. He tries to imagine her in her bed, thick brown hair spread all over the pillow, her face serene in sleep, long lashes brushing her cheek. Sleep beautiful , Bells. He tries so hard, but her face just won't come into focus. He can't even hold on to her in his dreams. It's not fair. "Tell me, Jacob." This time the whore's voice is hushed, but very strong. It almost feels like an alpha command, but she's just an ordinary person. She can't possibly control him that way. He thinks about ignoring her, but strangely finds that he can't. He instinctively knows that something's not right, but he's too buzzed to care. He obeys and tells her everything, from his first glimpse of Bella the day he delivered her truck to her house all the way to the humiliation at her wedding. He leaves nothing out and makes no attempt to gloss over his own mistakes. He purposely omits the fact that he's a shapeshifter—even though he hasn't phased in nearly four years— and also the fact that he lost the love of his life to a vampire, a creature who shouldn't even exist, let alone walk around pretending to be a normal man while preying on innocent human women. "Have you spoken to her since the wedding?" she asks. "No." He'd left the wedding in human form and within minutes, no longer able to stand the feel of his own skin, had given himself over to his wolf. He'd wandered in the wilds for nearly a year before finally deciding he needed to become Jacob Black again. There were only a finite number of ways to be miserable as an animal—starvation being the main one—and since his instincts were too strong to allow him to starve himself to death, he was forced to phase back. And as he'd discovered in the past four years, there were an infinite number of ways to be miserable while human. "You should contact her," she says. He shakes his head. "No, I shouldn't. I don't think she ever loved me anyway." There. He finally says it out loud. Sharing his hurts with another human being is supposed to help heal his soul. That's bullshit. He's not healed. He's crushed. He downs the last of his drink and shoots up angrily from the table, the empty glass toppling over and then crashing onto the dirty floor. "I'm out. Nice talking to you." "Jacob, no!" She grabs his arm and tries to stop him from walking away. He shakes her off. He's done with this place; time to move on. He usually beds down in some flea bag motel and heads out in the early dawn, but tonight he wants speed. He needs to feel the warm night wind in his face as he leaves this no-name town behind