My Beloved Enemy (formerly titled: The Tent Scene) Author's Note: This one shot is Alternate Universe and does not follow canon. These two characters are complete strangers when they meet, and imprinting doesn't exist. The freezing cold wind whipped at the canvas tent, but Edward was oblivious to the snowstorm raging outside his four oil-cloth walls. He was in his own personal Heaven. No sound but the hissing wind outside interrupted his reverie. He was finally at peace after months of turmoil. He craved silence like others craved companionship, and now he had it, finally. He'd purposely lost track of time, not caring how many days he'd been sitting in this same spot, or that he was most likely the only sentient creature within a hundred miles. Not caring that his family thought he was losing his sanity. The only thing he cared about was silence, blessed quiet. But sadly, Edward never seemed to get what he wanted, and if he did, he never kept it for very long. Why should now be any different? He exhaled a frustrated sigh as he slowly became aware of a sound that didn't belong in his peaceful surroundings. Someone or something was stomping through the snow in his direction: a creature that had no concern for subterfuge, a very unintelligent creature, apparently. Edward began to wonder if the North Pole might have been a better choice for his self-imposed exile, instead of the barren wilderness of Alaska. "Anybody in there?" Great. The last thing Edward needed right now was the presence of that which he was trying to get the hell away from: a woman. A female was asking admittance into his domain of male tranquility. How dare she? "'Cause if there is, I'm freaking cold and I'm going to be dead by morning if you don't let me in!" Edward sighed in defeat. He could pretend that he didn't hear her, but he had a feeling that strategy was doomed to failure. She seemed to be the persistent type. "Come in." He made no move to assist in her entrance. The flaps of the tent were not secured; if she couldn't figure that out then good riddance. At least he'd be left in peace again. A tall bundle of fur finally pushed its way into his previously calm sanctuary of silence. Two brown eyes peeked out through the holes in her wool face covering. Rosy lips poked out of another wider hole, all of which was surrounded by a furry hood clasped tightly at the neck. The effect was eerie and monster-like. Edward hoped that what lay underneath the fuzzy wool covering wouldn't turn out to be something out of a horror movie. If he was going to be forced to share the small confines of his temple with another creature, at least she should be an engaging sort who was easy on the eyes. "Whew, thanks! Another hour out there and the wolves would be picking at my carcass." She laughed uproariously as she settled herself down onto an unused sleeping bag. An inside joke obviously and one that Edward didn't understand. Of course, he could have plucked it—along with her whole life history—from her thoughts if he'd wished to, but he was sick to death of his gift. He'd shut the damned thing down as soon as he'd left his house. His mind was safe now behind a thick, impenetrable wall. The last thing he wanted was to hear anyone's thoughts. There was no way he was letting this stranger's mind touch his, not even for a moment. "My name's Leah Clearwater, by the way." "Edward Cullen." His two-word abrupt introduction wasn't very polite, but he wasn't feeling very accommodating at the moment. He was pretty grumpy, actually, because his peaceful, solitary confinement was over. Regardless, he watched with interest as the lump of fur slowly evolved from a horror movie monster into a living, breathing being. First the hood came off, then the ugly wool face covering. Suddenly, Edward was assaulted with way too much stimuli for any one person to absorb. Long waves of dark, almost black, hair flew in every direction as they escaped the static-y confines of the covering. Brown almond-shaped eyes swept over him and the rest of the tent. Her lips were full and he found it very stimulating to let his eyes linger over them. Her skin was dusky, so different from his paleness. The scent of her blood was nice, but failed to stir his thirst. Strange. He should have been able to process all of this, considering that his brain was essentially a computer, but there was simply too much beauty to take in with just one glance. He knew that he was going to need a lot more time to study all of the glittering facets of the jewel sitting before him. Get a grip on yourself, Edward. Have you forgotten what the past months felt like? The last thing he needed was to get entangled with another demanding woman, and especially a human woman. He'd had enough of that to last him an eternity. "There's no fire. What's up with that?" Edward shrugged and answered her rather shortly. "Snowing too hard." Leah studied the slender man sitting before her. His knees were drawn up near his chest with his arms wrapped loosely around them. He was wearing jeans and a light jacket despite the fact that it was freezing-ass cold in the tent. He was attractive in a strange sort of way. Very pale where she was dark-skinned, not the sun-loving sort, obviously. He had the most unusual bronze-colored hair that she'd ever seen, so thick and wavy, the kind that just begged you to run your fingers through it. And shit, those eyes! They looked like golden orbs of light that seemed to be able to see straight down into her soul. But it was his voice that clenched the muscles deep down in Leah's center. It was so velvety smooth, like cream flowing gently over her body, caressing her everywhere it touched. And she didn't even want to think about his lips and what cliffs they could push her over if they really got to work. Oh good lord, Leah. Just shut up with the mushy 'he's so dreamy' shit! She'd had a very bad experience with just the sort of man who was sitting right in front of her staring a hole in her face: a tall, handsome man with a smooth voice who had jerked her emotions around like she'd been a ragdoll. No fucking way she was going to fall for another one of those again. She wondered if God was having a big laugh up in Heaven right now. It would have been just as easy for Him to choose a girl to be her savior. They could have had a snowbound pajama party complete with ghost stories and a warm fire, and hours upon hours of girlie talk and male-bashing. Instead, Leah was stuck with this rude sex-god of a man and had no way to get away from him unless she was ready to end it all in the middle of a blizzard, which—as she'd just decided a few hours ago—she wasn't. "So, why are you here?" Edward sighed. She would have to start a conversation. His hopes of having a peaceful holiday away from civilization, and especially women, were dashed. He sighed again and reluctantly formed a polite answer in his head, but then quickly revised it to just the down-and-dirty, rude version. "I wanted to be alone." He hoped that his abruptness would stifle further conversation. All he wanted to do was stare at her anyway, just drink in her beauty while in a dreamy, meditative state of utter silence and tranquility, like a museum visitor who stares for hours at a work of art in complete awe. Was that too much to ask? Apparently it was, because she ignored his rudeness and continued on with her chatter. "Yeah, well…I went on this really long…uhm… hike kind of thing…and then I sort of…uh…got lost on purpose." Edward's eyebrows rose in curiosity. "On purpose?" "Yeah. I was trying to get away from stuff. You know, personal stuff, some really heavy personal stuff. I just wanted to get the hell away from every one and every thing . Know what I mean?" "Actually, I do." Leah wondered who was responsible for turning on the faucet that was her big mouth. Was that God again, having his big laugh? What in hell had possessed her to just blurt out her personal biz to this guy? Good grief! She'd probably be crying on his shoulder in the next few minutes like a damned girl if she didn't shut her mouth. Then she blushed as she pictured that scene in her head: his arms around her, his fingers threading their way through her hair as he attempted to quiet her tears, the feel of her body—especially her breasts—pressed up against his chest, his warm breath wafting over her skin as he leaned down to whisper in her ear. Oh crap, Leah. You need to stop, girlfriend. You just met him, for shit's sake. Oh, and didn't you just say you weren't going to fall for any more tall, handsome men? "I was trying to get away from personal stuff, as well." Leah's interest perked up. "Oh? What kind of personal stuff?" Edward pondered the wisdom of confiding in this total stranger, but chances were they'd never see each other again once the storm passed and they went their separate ways. And since it was obvious she wasn't going to be quiet, he dropped the rudeness, and decided to just be himself, and he decided to ignore her question for the moment. "I'm concerned about your comfort, but I…uh…I forgot the heater." Edward tried his best to look embarrassed and dismayed. He fervently hoped she didn't see through his hastily constructed lie. Instead, he was surprised when she laughed. "Don't worry about me, Edward. I run a little on the hot side anyway. Actually, I'm quite comfortable in here, now that I'm out of the wind. But what about you? That light jacket can't be very warm." He wanted to answer her, but Edward found his thoughts nothing but a jumble of alphabet letters. She'd said his name, and the sound of it on her tongue had sent a thrill though his entire body, especially in one particular area. He shifted his ass around on the ground to get some relief from the sudden pressure in his jeans. Where the hell had that surge of lust come from? Was it really from just hearing his name roll off of her tongue? Then he had to force himself not to go off on a wild tangent at the thought of her tongue and the things she could do with it. "So, you didn't answer before. What kind of personal stuff?" "Girl stuff." Edward snuck a look at her face to gauge her reaction to his confession. All he saw was one perfectly-arched eyebrow raised in question, so he continued. "I was involved with this girl, Bella. Our relationship was really great in the beginning, but then she decided that there were some… things … about me that she didn't like, things that I couldn't change. After months of fighting, we finally went our separate ways, but it got really ugly there for awhile. I just wanted some peace and quiet. That's why I came up here." "What… things …about you didn't she like?" Leah couldn't imagine how this idiot Bella chick could have rejected this beautiful, soft-spoken man. Now that he'd dropped the rudeness, he was quite charming. Whoever she was, she must have been born with a lot fewer brain cells than the rest of her kind. Leah knew it would have to be something pretty bad for her to turn her back on him.