AUTHOR'S NOTE: CONTENT WARNING! This is a very dark and very disturbing story, featuring a Darkward with absolutely ZERO redeeming qualities. In this story, Edward IS the monster he always claimed to be. IF YOU HAVE RAPE OR RELATIONSHIP ABUSE TRIGGERS, DO NOT READ THIS STORY! There is a graphic rape scene and I do not fade to black. There is also character death, and an HEA, as strange as that sounds. Please do not leave me negative reviews about the rape scene. I know that alot of readers think we should not write about that topic in fanfiction, but I strongly disagree. Just because I write about it does not mean I condone rape, am insensitive to rape victims, or am glorifying it. This story is fiction, the characters are fictional, and no real people were harmed in the writing of it. If you trigger, do not read it. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED! This one shot is based on the song, Every Breath You Take , by The Police, which I have always considered to be one of the scariest songs I've ever heard about stalking and abusive relationships. *shivers* Every Breath You Take January 18, 2005 EDWARD... Another lovely day in the eternally boring town of Fucks, also known as Forks to the people who actually liked living here. What the hell was Carlisle thinking bringing us to this backwoods shithole? And making us go back to high school? I stared down at the nauseating mess on my lunch tray and wondered how I was going to make it through the rest of the day without killing someone. The cafeteria doors swooshed open. A short, slender girl with long brown hair walked in, nervously hanging onto the coattails of Fucks High School's Bitch Squad, also known as Jessica Stanley and Lauren Mallory. Rose whispered, "There's the new girl. Isabella Swan." Five sets of golden eyes followed her across the tiled floor and to a large round table in the middle of the cafeteria, where a bunch more of Fuck's Finest were already sitting. "Good God," Alice sneered. "Who picks out her clothes?" "Looks like we got ourselves another Walmart Gold Card holder," Rose snickered with disdain underneath her breath. "I don't know, she's kind of cute, for a human. Looks a little breakable, but still…" Emmett added with a leer of approval. "Well, Edward? Come on, give us the goods. We want to know all of her dirty and disgusting little secrets," Jazz demanded softly with a crooked grin. Trouble was, I couldn't "hear" her. I was practically staring a hole in the back of her head, but was getting nothing out of her mind. Nada. Zilch. A big fat fucking zero. Interesting. So I concentrated on their conversation instead. Angela, the drippy sweet one that made me want to gag, whispered to the new girl, "Oh my god, Bella. Edward Cullen is staring at you." Immediately, this Bella person whipped around and searched the room for me. Her brown eyes latched onto my golden ones, and stayed there. "Bella," Mike hissed. "Cullen's a creeper. You need to stay away from him." But Bella's eyes stayed locked onto mine despite the warning. Note to self: kick Newton's balls up his asshole the next time we have gym. "He can creep up my pantyhose any time he wants. The guy is freaking gorgeous," Jessica purred. " And he's available." Yeah, right . Like I was going to get anywhere near that human piece of shit. I wasn't that desperate yet. But, despite my complete and all-encompassing boredom with every fucking thing in the universe, I found myself slowly becoming interested in this new girl, Bella. "I can't hear her," I whispered quizzically, to my family's surprise. I kept my gaze fixed on her face as I pondered this new development. "I'm getting nothing. I wonder why? So very interesting…" Then I turned on the charm with that handy little on/off switch I had that made humans actually think I was someone nice. I sent her a small smile across the room, a warm smile with my mouth and my eyes. She smiled back. "Oh hell, not again," someone swore softly; could have been Rose or Alice. I didn't really care. Bella and I were having a moment. "Edward." Jazz leaned in close and spoke quietly. "Don't." "Jazz," I murmured under my breath, still keeping my gaze locked on Bella's. "Shut the fuck up and mind your own business." Jazz shrugged. "Fine. It's no skin off my back if Carlisle ships your ass back to Alaska. But, you screw up again and you'll never see daylight. " Yeah, well what Carlisle doesn't know won't hurt him. Plus, every one of my siblings knew what I'd do to them if they tattled. We'd been through this before, after all. I winked at Bella and smiled again. She dipped her head shyly and grinned before breaking eye contact and turning back around. Fresh meat. Things were finally looking up in this ass-wipe town. BELLA… Something wasn't right. Things like this just didn't happen to me. More specifically, boys like Edward Cullen didn't happen to me. Never had. Never would. But it had happened. Beautiful light eyes had locked onto mine across the room, a sweet smile, plus a wink just for me. He'd been flirting, with me, Bella "The Klutz" Swan, while ignoring all those pretty girls sitting around me. Like I said, something wasn't quite right in the universe. Biology class. The only empty seat was beside of Edward Cullen. He smiled warmly at me again. I smiled shyly back and took my place next to him. He introduced himself. I introduced myself. We talked about the weather, about my family, about nothing in particular. His voice was so smooth and soft, like velvet. I was melting, my insides completely turning to mush with every syllable that came out of his mouth. And his eyes: gold, strange and beautiful. "Do you wear contacts?" I blurted out. "Yes. My eyes are a drab bluish gray. So I opted for something more noticeable." "Well, you succeeded." I chuckled softly. "They're beautiful." The heat of a blush. His searching gaze on my face the entire class period. I wanted to touch him. I longed for it actually, and I wanted him to touch me. That day, Edward walked me to all of my classes, even though we had different ones. At the end of the day we parted ways briefly to visit our lockers, but when I stopped by the office to turn in some registration papers, he was there. He smiled down at me and spoke softly with that liquid smooth voice of his. "I changed my schedule. We have all of our classes together now, Bella." Every single class with Edward Cullen. I couldn't have been happier. That night, I got my first text message from Edward… I miss you. Dream of me. CYT Edward. January 25, 2005 Driving to school, daydreaming of Edward Cullen. For the past week we'd spent every possible moment together until the bell had rung to go home: talking at lunch, then talking in the parking lot, trying to delay our separation as long as we could. Driving away from school, I'd see him watching me in my rear view mirror, those warm golden eyes seeing me safely home. Texts flying furiously through the air between us. Late night phone calls. Dreaming of golden eyes and velvet voices when my head had hit the pillow. Then suddenly, skidding. Not paying attention on an icy road? Not smart, Bella! I spun the wheel in the direction of the skid but still ended up in the ditch. When the truck came to a stop, it was still upright, but listing dangerously to one side. Shit, shit, shit! Charlie was going to be so upset if I tore up this truck. It had been a gift from Jacob Black and it would be horrible if I'd wrecked it before I'd even gotten to thank him for his generosity. A silver Volvo glided smoothly to a stop behind me. Edward. Thank you God. He yanked open my driver's side door, nearly ripping it from its hinges. "Bella! Are you all right?!" So much worry in his face, concern, fear. I put his mind at ease as he helped me carefully from the truck. "Your hands are so cold, Edward. You need gloves." How silly of me to worry about his cold hands when I'd just nearly killed myself, but Edward's comfort was always in the forefront of my mind. I mentioned calling a tow truck, but turned out it was unnecessary. Edward pushed the truck out of the ditch like he was pushing an empty glass across the bar for a refill. What the hell? "How did you do that?" An embarrassed smile. "I may be scrawny, but I'm stronger than I look, Bella." I bit my lip and grinned. "I like scrawny." He grinned back and winked. March 2, 2005 There should be a law against dancing. Hell, why stop there? Walking should be included, too. Everyone was obsessing about the upcoming dance, everyone except me. I had my excuse ready, just in case. Edward hovered over me all day. I was thankful and felt safe against his side, but all it took was a few minutes and a manufactured distraction and Edward was gone. First Eric, then Tyler. Where the hell is Edward? My lame excuse of a shopping trip to Port Angeles seemed to be working. Eric and Tyler skulked away in defeat, but not Mike. "Thank God those losers are gone." Mike grinned and bounced on his feet while I peered around him looking for Edward. The halls were empty. "Go to the dance with me Bella. It'll be fun." I gave him my excuse, but he wasn't deterred. "Aww, you can go shopping any old time. Come to the dance with me. Please?" He laid his hand lightly on my arm as he pleaded with those Mike Newton puppy dog eyes. Then Edward was suddenly there like a bolt of lightning crashing down from the sky. "She's already told you she's busy." Cold hard voice; not the velvet I was used to. Glares were exchanged between both of them as I watched helplessly. Two guys fighting over me? Like I said, something wasn't right in the universe, but I wasn't so sure I wanted things to be right anymore. I was starting to like the universe the way it was now. Mike skittered away like a mouse when you turn on the light. I waited for the inevitable. Edward was going to ask me to go to the dance and I was going to have to say no to him for the first time since we'd met. "So, would you like to go to the dance with me instead ? " Sparkling laughter in his golden eyes, a smug confidence that was soon to be crushed. "I suck at dancing. I really would prefer not to go." His smile disappeared in an instant; his eyes lost their sparkle and went flat. I had a sinking feeling that I'd made him very angry, but it was just a stupid dance! Surely it didn't mean that much to him? "It's just that, I would embarrass you Edward. I'm klutzy. Falling down all over the floor and stuff? Not cool." I laughed nervously to try and smooth things over. "It'd be safer for everyone if I just stayed home and read a good book." Slowly, the golden warmth seeped back into his eyes. A small smile. "I understand. Maybe next time." We very, very slowly said our goodbyes in the school parking lot with promises to text and call each other later. His goodnight text before I went to sleep: Is it tomorrow yet? See you soon, my love. XO Edward My love . He'd called me his love.