AUTHOR'S NOTE: Obviously, since this is a J/B pairing, this story is Alternate Universe. There are some elements in it that are not exactly like the book. There is a character death in this one-shot, too. A New Alliance - September 16, 2005 - The cruiser bar lights cast a flashing crimson and blue glow across the Swan house. Charlie, grim-faced and worried, spoke quietly with other officers and concerned neighbors and friends who'd shown up to offer their support and help, Billy and Jacob among them. Bella was missing. Her truck was parked in the driveway with her book bag from school lying on the seat. No one had seen or heard from her since she'd driven out of the school parking lot earlier in the day. She'd obviously made it home, but what then? There'd been no note of explanation lying on the kitchen counter, nothing to let Charlie know where she was or if she was all right. Jacob had a gut feeling that that blood-sucking leech had something to do with it. He paced helplessly back and forth through the wet grass of the Swan's back yard as everyone else decided how to proceed. What Charlie and the rest didn't know was that a Quileute wolf was already on the job. Unbeknownst to them, Sam was scouring the surrounding woods at that very moment. If Bella was still anywhere in the vicinity of Forks, he'd find her. But was she still in Forks? Had Edward finally succumbed to his disgusting nature and killed her? Was the bastard feasting on her blood at that very moment? Or was she lying somewhere in a ditch, already drained and lifeless? Or worse, had he changed her into one of them? Jacob snarled softly and punched at the air with his fist. He was helpless! Useless! Forced to stand by and let Sam do what he longed to do himself! He was Quileute, damn it! He should be out there with him, racing through the forest on four legs and using his heightened senses to find his best friend, but he wasn't. He was standing there cursing into the darkness and lashing out at nothing like an idiot. Yes, he was Quileute, but unlike Sam, his wolf had yet to awaken, and Jacob was getting damned impatient waiting for it to happen. "I found her!" Sam emerged out of a break in the trees with Bella in his arms. "She's unharmed as far as I can tell, but she's not talking." Everyone rushed to see, but Charlie's authoritative voice rang out loudly over the surrounding people. "Give us some room, and someone call an ambulance!" Jacob caught a glimpse of Bella and he'd never forget the sight as long as he lived. There were superficial scratches all over her face and hands. Her hair was tangled up with twigs and leaves, her clothes soaked wet and smeared with mud. Jacob gritted his teeth at the thought of what could have been done to her. He made a silent oath that if Edward had physically hurt her, or God forbid, had assaulted her, he'd go after the bastard. As soon as his wolf awoke and he had the strength of his Quileute heritage racing through his veins and fueling his muscles, he'd track that vampire's ass down and kill him once and for all. - September 23, 2005 - It had been a week since Bella had been found alone and abandoned in the woods. Charlie had confided to Billy that Bella had had no serious injuries, no physical injuries, but she wasn't talking about the incident, not even to Charlie. All she would say when pressed was 'He's gone', referring to the leech, of course. No one knew the details. All Jacob knew with a certainty was that Edward Cullen had somehow managed to shatter his best friend into a thousand hollow pieces. "Here's a letter for you for once," Billy announced as he sorted through the evening mail, tossing the cream-colored envelope across the table at Jacob. He caught it and studied the front. There was no return address. Strange. And the handwriting sure as hell didn't belong to anyone he knew. It looked like the writing off of one of those fake Declarations of Independence that they sold at souvenir stores. He opened it out of curiosity instead of sending it flying into the trash as junk mail. Jacob, By the time you get this letter, we'll be far away from Forks. Carlisle told everyone that he had a job opportunity that he simply couldn't pass up, but of course, that wasn't the truth. Only Bella and my family know what really happened. And now you. You see, Alice wanted to host an 18 th birthday party for Bella… His dad wheeled himself out of the kitchen, leaving Jacob alone to read the rest of the letter. When he reached the end, he was shocked. He couldn't believe how wrong he'd been—how wrong they'd all been—about everything. He shook his head in disbelief. To hell with revenge. He'd gotten tired of waiting to join Sam anyway. His wolf wasn't asleep, it was fucking catatonic and was never going to awaken. So, he decided he no longer had time to waste plotting Edward's death, especially after what he'd read in the letter. He had more important things to do now. Jacob got up and rummaged around in the junk drawer for a lighter, found it, held the flame to the bottom of the letter, intending to completely obliterate Edward's words from the face of the earth, because this was one letter that Bella would never read. But, on the other hand, there were more people to consider than just Bella. She might never read it, but his dad and Sam both needed to. His hand shook as he held the flame just below the paper. For her sake it needed to go up in flames, but for his family's sake it was too important to burn. Damn! He flicked the lighter off, tossed it back in the junk drawer, and went off in search of his dad. - January 2006 - " Leave a message after the beep…BEEEEEEEEP." Jacob sighed aloud to the empty kitchen. If he had a dollar for every time he'd heard that generic message the past four months, he'd be rich. He'd left tons of messages, but Bella had never returned one single call. But if Jacob Black was anything, he was persistent. He'd tried everything else, so he guessed it wouldn't hurt to pull out his male-chauvinistic-pig routine. Maybe that would get her attention. "Hey, Bells." He resisted the urge to sigh deeply into the phone. He knew he was probably just wasting good oxygen, but he had to try. "Listen, I found a couple of junky old motorcycles on the side of the road. Guy was just giving them away. I thought maybe you could come down to the rez, you know, do some slummin', and help me fix them up. I need somebody to hand me my tools, keep me supplied with food and drink, rub my aching shoulders and look cute while doing it. Embry just isn't filling the bill. So, what do—" "Jacob Black! Shut up!" Her laughter on the other end was so unexpected that he didn't know what to say at first. He'd waited so long to hear her voice, imagined what she'd say to him when she finally called, and it most certainly was not that. "That is the most sexist thing that I have ever heard! You should be ashamed." Jacob grinned. He wasn't one damn bit ashamed, especially since it had worked. Bella had finally come out of her shell. "So, are you game?" he asked, mentally crossing his fingers. She agreed to come to La Push that weekend. Jacob could hardly wait to see her. When the moment finally arrived and her beat up Chevy pulled into the driveway, he could barely hold himself back. When she finally slid out of the truck, he had to fight not to react to what he saw. He couldn't let her see in his face how much she'd changed in four short months. She was a shadow of her former self. She'd lost weight. Her cheeks were pale and hollow, her eyes not quite as bright as they used to be, but worst of all was seeing her arms wrapped tightly around herself, like they were the only things holding her together, and perhaps they were. "Why do you do that?" he finally asked, after hours of watching her uncoil her arms just long enough to help him or hand him something, and then immediately wrap them right back around her body. "Do what?" she asked. "That," he said, nodding in the direction of her chest and arms. "It's…it bothers me." "I'm afraid to let go," she said softly. "I don't know what will happen if I let go of myself for too long." It hurt him to hear her say that. Jacob laid down the wrench and cleaned his hands. " I know what will happen." He spread his arms open and waited. Waited. Waited. Her eyes welled up with tears. She unfolded her arms and practically fell into his. She clung to him and cried into his t-shirt for the longest time. He tenderly stroked her hair until she quieted and was calm. "You're going to be alright, Bella. My arms are really strong, so when yours aren't enough, just let me know and mine will take their place." - Five Years Later (October 2011) - "Tell me again why I need to know algebra to open my own car repair shop?" Jacob was hunched over the small dorm room table, a millisecond away from throwing his Fundamentals of College Algebra textbook clear across the room. "It's so you'll have a well-rounded education," Bella answered absent-mindedly. She was stretched out on the bed on her stomach, alternately chewing on the end of her pencil and scribbling on her notebook, which made Jacob wish he were that eraser instead of a backward boy from the rez who was way in over his head. Life as Bella's pencil would have to be a lot more fun than algebraic equations. "Well-rounded should be for butts, not education," he muttered underneath his breath. Bella raised her eyebrows and laughed, but said nothing in response. "So, 3/8 a + 1/2 b = 12 is supposed to make me more 'well-rounded'? What the hell does 'a' and 'b' stand for anyway? This whole algebra thing makes no sense to me." "They're variables, Jake," she said, sighing. "You can make them stand for anything you want." Is that so? Jacob grinned and bit his lip. "Okay, so 3/8 of Bella's A ss + ½ of Bella's B oobs = 12 hours of hot damn for Jake. How's that for variables?" Her mouth dropped open in shock; her pencil fell from her hand to the bed. "Jacob Black," she said in a deadly serious voice. "You are such a guy. That has to be the most un-romantic thing that has ever come out of your mouth since I've known you." His eyes narrowed. "You don't think I'm romantic? Hey, I can be romantic. You haven't seen romantic until you've seen Jacob Black in full-out romantic mode." "Uh huh. Sure." She rolled her eyes, shook her head and returned to her studies. Jacob bit his lip in annoyance. "You seriously don't think I can be romantic?" She raised her beautiful browns up from her notebook. "Nope. Any guy who substitutes ass and boobs for 'a' and 'b' in an algebra problem isn't capable of romance." He saw the twitch at the corners of her mouth. She was teasing him, but it still stuck in his craw that she thought him incapable of gentlemanly behavior. Well, he'd show her! "Close your eyes," he ordered. "What?