Disclaimer: Hey guys! Sorry I haven't been updating like I said, I've been busy with school. I'll be graduating from high school this year and I am sad to leave high school. These last four years have been awesome. There is one week in April where I won't be updating anything due to a service trip to Guatemala. So excited to be working with kids. I hated that I couldn't write over the summer I had so many fun activities. I decided to have Didyme alive in this fic; she will be the mother like figure to Amoretta. Hope you enjoy this story. I had a vision while listening to this song and I knew that I needed to write about it soon or I was gonna forget it. Don't own twilight or can you feel the love tonight from Walt Disney's the Lion King! A shout out to Annabeth Volturi for the proofreading before I publish this. Warning! Language and character death and resurrection again! -AB1536 My other family had given me up after the principal told them that I was selling drugs but I wasn't. I felt like I was betrayed. So I decided to go to Europe and find a job. I didn't look back on my other family. I applied everywhere but no one would take me when a woman said that the Volturi were taking applications. I had the job before even having the interview. I was shocked to say the least but I was able to get to know my bosses. I felt weird that night, I wasn't sure what was going on but I knew that something was entering my body. My aunt has had Ovarian Cancer, so there was a possibility that I had it too because of my polycystic ovaries. End Flashback I was sitting in my room listening to "Disney Love Songs and the song "Can you feel the love tonight" came on and my thoughts immediately went to the man I had a crush on- Caius He was a leader, I was a mere human guard. I wasn't sure he would feel the same way I did. The only way he would want to notice me is if I sing, "You do know I have a song picked out for you to sing?" I turned around and Aro stood in the door. I paused the music and asked "Hey, is it a song I actually know?" "Yes it is, it's the movie version of Can you feel the love tonight." He said. "Is it going to work?" I asked knowing that Aro knew about my crush on Caius. "Amoretta, I'm sure it is. I gave Caius Simba's part and I'm sure you know Nala's part." Aro said. I nodded. "Yes, this song is my favorite." "Wonderful." "Let me freshen up and I'll be right down." "Take your time my dear." H said kissing my cheek. I wondered who it could be. I knew the Cullen's were coming for my birthday in a few days. The next morning I felt as though I couldn't lift my head and I felt weak and tired and wanted to sleep more. I heard a knock. "Yes?" I asked sleepily. "Amoretta, cara mia what is the problem?" I knew it to be Aro. "I'm not sure. I'm tired all the time and I never want to eat. I think I might have Leukemia. But I'm not sure." I said. "I'll call Carlisle and have him get a look at you." Aro said. "Ok." I said. "Get some rest. You'll need it for when he comes." Aro said stroking my cheek before leaving the room. "Of course padre I will try." I said leaning into his hand trying to get him to snuggle with me like he usually did before going off to the meetings. Aro POV I became worried when Amoretta didn't show up to tell Marcus and Caius that I needed them. I walked into her room where I saw the lump that was Amoretta. I sat down by the edge of her bed and shook her. She groaned and said "Five more minutes." I became worried. "Amoretta? Cara mia?" I asked. "Call Carlisle because I don't know if I can work today." She said. "Of course Cara Mia." I said trying not to show my worry. I went to my study to get on the computer to see what she had. She had some of the symptoms that I thought was Leukemia. I started to worry until Carlisle came and gave us some answers. "You sent for me?" I heard Carlisle ask. "Yes. It's Amoretta. She said that she might have Leukemia but she wasn't sure. Since you were a doctor, she wanted to talk to you to be sure that it's just a bug that she has." I said looking at Amoretta, scared for her. "She will be fine brother." I turned and saw Didyme. I nodded. She had to be for Caius's sake. She is definitely a daughter to me. Carlisle POV When I arrived in her room, she looked like she hadn't gotten a lot of sleep and the nodes in her neck looked swollen. I saw that Aro had placed an IV in her to keep her hydrated. I saw a chair. Caius must be sitting by her side while she is sleeping. Aro told me of her feelings for him and his feelings for her. I walked out after I examined her. "It's definitely leukemia. She will have to be on chemo. It will cause her to lose hair on her body and she will be very weak. But keep encouraging and motivating her. She might be emotional, try to keep her as calm as possible. I can do it from my house if needed." "That will be fine." Let me call my family and see if they will be alright with it. I dialed my mate. Hey Carlisle, what's up? Esme, can you prepare a room for a patient? She will need Chemo and I told Aro that we would help her as much as we could. Of course! I'll see what I can do as far as designing and I can have Alice and Rosalie go clothes shopping for her. What size does she wear? I'd probably say an adult large. Pants probably 16 to 18 in women's would be my guess. When will the two of you arrive? Probably around Friday. Ok see you then! See you then. I hung up and looked at Aro. "I will take her as soon as possible; I'll need to get the equipment needed to get her started. "We will have her ready and packed. We should probably have two guards see her to Forks." Felix and Demetri. She wrote. "Of course, cara mia." I was happy to see my mate when we arrived and I knew that there wouldn't be any problems. I knew that she would hate to leave us here in Volterra but she had to get better. I had to choose what was best for her. Felix POV I sat with Amoretta the entire flight, holding her hand and talking to her. Trying to give her any comfort I could. I was so scared for her. I felt a hand on my shoulder; I looked up and saw Demetri. "She'll pull through; she has to for Master Caius's sake." He said looking at Amoretta. We looked at her like a sister. She looked at us like brothers; we would do anything to make her happy, even if it meant hurting Master Caius if he broke her heart. Where are we? Above the ocean mia sorella." I said trying not to cry. Once we landed, I carried Amoretta bridal style to the Cullen's house. "Where should we put her for right now Carlisle?" I asked. "On the couch, we need to get fluids in her soon or she'll dehydrate." I moved to her head and moved her blonde hair out of her eyes. "You'll be fine; Carlisle and his family will take care of you." I whispered in her ear. I felt her squeeze my hand. I took that as the sign that she had heard me. Amoretta POV I hardly felt the IV going into my body. I knew it would be time to start the chemo soon. But I didn't care, I knew that Caius would not want a girl who has Leukemia and is slowly dying. Only Aro and Marcus knew about the crush I had on Caius. I knew he was married, but in my dreams, he was single. Who could love a girl who is diagnosed with Leukemia? Certainly not Caius, he deserved someone healthy and full of life someone not sick with Leukemia and doesn't have any hair. He definitely deserved someone who is healthy and not dying. I already had problems; I didn't need any more problems than what I had. "Amoretta? I need you to write down all of your problems and all the surgeries that you've had." Carlisle asked. Demetri, you know all of my problems and surgeries. Write them down, my hand cramps up every time I try to. I wrote. Caius POV When I heard that Amoretta had Leukemia, I was scared. I knew that she was my mate and I had sworn to protect her but I feel like I failed. "You didn't fail her master, it was something that was dormant in her blood and just now revealed itself." Felix said. "How is she doing?" I asked. "Um…. They were setting her up for chemo and everything. She told me to tell you not to worry, that she will try and get better." Demetri said coming up behind Felix. I nodded. I couldn't get Amoretta out of my mind and how beautiful she was with her brown hair with blond highlights. I bet she did that to keep a part of me with her. Her violet eyes kept me going every day. Athenodora was just a trophy wife until my true mate came of age. She was seventeen now but if I waited another 5-6 months, I'm sure that she'll be ready for me to change her at eighteen; she'll be mine for eternity." I knew that if Athenodora found out about my love for Amoretta, she would kill her, so I need to get rid of her soon and before I head to Forks to check on her. Amoretta POV I sat up for the first time since arriving in Forks. Carlisle came in and said, "I'm sorry if this hurts." "Eh, I'm used to pain. Normally I'm a non-complainer. I once walked on a broken ankle for four days straight." I said casually. They all looked at me like I'm nuts. "True story." I said. "How did it start happening?" Rosalie asked. "I was no older than 5 or 6. I had a trampoline, that had a net and my cousin who is five years older than I am and he was trying to teach me how to do a flip and I did the flip part right and landed with my feet facing the opposite direction." Esme rolled her eyes. "What? I was a child then. I didn't know any better." Renesmee sat in my lap. I chuckled. The little pipsqueak was getting to me. "That's why you wear kitten heels." Renesmee said from my lap. "Yes. Nessie that is definitely why I wear kitten heels." "I have a picture to show you guys." I said. I took out my phone and showed them the picture of me as Rosalie for banquet one year. "You look just like me." Rose said. "That was the idea." It was between you and someone else. I don't remember who. I had four inch heels. And it was hard to walk in them. So I switched to tennis shoes." I zoned out and Edward smiled and said, "You thinking about you know who?"