Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot. Please don't sue me I'm poor. Erestor was walking to Lord Elrond's office with the day's paper work when he heard two elf maidens talking about him. "I bumped into Lord Erestor yesterday" one said "Really what happened?" the other asked "Well, I bumped into him on purpose so I could get his attention" "Really? I didn't know you liked him" "I did like him until he spoke to me. I apologised to him saying it was my fault and he said 'Don't be so clumsy I almost thought you were drunk' and walked past me like I was nothing" "How sad. But what else do you expect from a elf made from ice" "Yeah I guess you're right. I'm glad he didn't notice me, I may have been stuck with an ice cube for the rest of my life" she laughed Erestor had heard enough and continued his journey. Such things didn't bother him anymore. He had heard them all before. Thousands of years ago they did hurt his feelings, he would cry himself to sleep most nights and would fall in and out of depression. As the years went by he learned how to hide his emotions behind a stony mask and icy exterior. He learned how to hold back his tears and eventually stopped crying all together. He remembered the maiden that had bumped into him and he knew that she was trying to get his attention. Her body language and facial expression gave her away. He didn't have any interests in her and said what he had to, to keep her away. There was one rule that Erestor forced himself to live by 'Sometimes you have to be cruel to be kind' it was harsh but necessary at times. When he reached his Lord's study he knocked and waited for his Lord to reply. "Enter" Lord Elrond said Upon hearing his Lord he entered and bowed respectfully "I have brought today's reports my Lord" "How are things looking?" Lord Elrond asked "Everything is positive. Shipments are on schedule. Food and wine are well stocked. The clothing material we ordered has arrived three days early and we are over stocked on medicine" Erestor replied Lord Elrond smiled brightly and said "Well this is fantastic news. But how is everything on time? As I recall things should not have gone so smoothly" Lord Elrond pointed out "Yes I remember councillor Sellion saying that certain things would be delayed or cancelled. However I changed a few things and found away to get everything done on time" "You're as brilliant as ever Erestor. What would Rivendell do without you?" Lord Elrond said "Crumble into oblivion, would be my first guess" Erestor joked Lord Elrond laughed and said "Most likely. But still all joking aside your effort is most appreciated, thank you Erestor" "No thanks are necessary my Lord, I am just doing my duty" "Well I will still say it necessary or not" Lord Elrond smiled "You can put the reports on the table over there" he said and pointed to a small table that had other reports on it. Erestor placed the reports on the desk and bid his Lord fair well. "Will you be joining us in the hall of fire tonight? Lindir is going to play one of his news songs" Elrond asked "Of course. I look forward to hearing him play" Erestor bowed to his Lord once again and left. Erestor had a lot of work to do today like he did every day. He worked hard to keep himself busy, he spent most days in his room filling out form and orders. He preferred solitude over the company of others. If he had to work with others he made sure he did it first thing in the morning and worked as quickly as possible, so he had the rest of the day to himself. After giving Lord Elrond his reports he went to the kitchens to speak with the head cook "Miss Mirima?" "My Lord Erestor" she said and bowed "I'm here to check on the food and drink that will be served for tonight in the hall of fire" "Of course my Lord" she handed him a scroll and said "This is what we will be serving. I hope it is appropriate" Erestor read through the list and said "Yes, however there is one problem. There a two guests that have an allergy to the nut syrup used on the fruit salad. Make a few bowls that are nut syrup free and label them" "Yes, My Lord. Would four bowls be plenty?" she asked "That would be sufficient, thank you" Erestor said giving back the scroll and leaving. Next he headed to the stables and called for the stable elf "Maeron?" The stable elf showed himself and bowed "My Lord Erestor, how can I help you?" "The twins and the patrol will be returning at noon, see that their horses are taken care of. In their last letter they said they had taken their horses through a swamp. They will need to be washed and checked for any infections, understood?" Erestor said "I'll have my helpers and the vet ready, my Lord" Maeron replied "Good, thank you" he said and left Next was the seamstresses "Miss Sanya? Miss Melda?" Both elves stopped working and bowed to Erestor "How may we help you my Lord?" Sanya asked "The clothing material we ordered has come three days early. It is waiting to be picked up from the storage room" "But my Lord we haven't finished the design" Melda said "I am aware. Consider the extra three days more time to finish the design and when you are done you have the supplies ready and waiting for you. If you finish the design with days to spare then consider them extra days to finish the final piece. Do you think you can do that?" Erestor explained "Yes, my Lord. We can try" Melda said "Then I shall leave you to your work, thank you" Next Erestor went to the food and wine storage accompanied by Daeron the head of stock control "We are over stocked of certain foods that will go off and be wasted if not taken care of. I want you to turn them into rations for the patrols. With the extra portions you make we will be able to send out more soldiers to protect the valley" "I will see to it my Lord. What about the wine?" Daeron asked "The wine won't go off like the food. Make sure it is keep in a cool environment, we could use it when we have visiting diplomats or during any celebrations" Erestor answered "Yes, my Lord" "I will leave you to it, thank you" Finally Erestor made his way to the healing wing and called for Antien Lord Elrond's right hand healer. Antien stopped what he was doing and bowed to Erestor "My Lord I have been expecting you" he said Erestor raised an eyebrow at him and asked "You have?" "Yes, you're here to talk about the extra medicine we have in stock" "Correct. I want you and your staff to place most of the salves into travelling jars for the patrols" "But the patrols have enough medicine, if we give them more it may be wasted" Antien argued "Not anymore it won't. We are over stocked on certain food that would spoil soon so I had Daeron turn them into rations for the patrols, which means we are able to send out more soldiers to protect the valley, which means they will be needing the supply of medicine" Erestor explained "More patrols? Isn't that a bit much, my Lord?" Antien argued again Erestor resisted the urge to roll his eyes at Antien's stubbornness, he always had to argue with him "When it comes to the safety of the valley and its inhabitants it can never be enough. Now we will not discuss this any further, I hope you understand?" he said sternly Antien hesitated for a moment before replying "Yes, my Lord" Having won the argument Erestor left. He was done interacting with people outside his office and went back to his room. He had no doubt that people would come to him with their problems. He sighed and sat at his desk. He began his paper work and reports, he would do this for the rest of the day until it was time to go to the hall of fire. Throughout the day many people came to him with various problems and arguments. Some were serious and some were downright stupid. Why can't people take care of their own problems? When Erestor finished his paper work there was still two hours before he needed to go to the hall of fire, so he used this free time to read. He loved the rare moments he got to himself where he could just forget the world and his problems. When the time came for him to leave his room he made sure he looked presentable and left for the hall. He arrived at the hall and noticed Lindir and other musicians setting up their instruments. "Ah Erestor there you are" Erestor saw Lord Elrond coming towards him. He bowed and greeted his Lord "Lord Elrond I trust you have had a pleasant day" "Indeed I have, it has been very quiet day" Lord Elrond smiled "Even though your sons returned this afternoon?" Erestor joked Lord Elrond chuckled and said "Yes. They were tired after their patrol and went to take a nap they should be joining us shortly" "A nap? Did anything happen on their patrol?" he asked "No, nothing. Why?" "I only ask because it is unusual for them to be tired after a patrol" Erestor said. It was a bit of a concern. "I was surprised to, but they told me the reason they were tired was they hadn't slept at all the night before" "Why was that?" "Apparently they thought it was a good idea to drink enough caffeine to keep a horse awake, so they could get extra sword training in" "I wasn't aware of that" Erestor knew how dumb the twins could be at times but that was just stupid. "I wasn't either until they told me when they returned. But still lets enjoy the music shall we it looks like Lindir is ready" Elrond said Everyone took their seats and Lindir began to play. It wasn't his new song he would play that when all the guests had arrived, but it was beautiful none the less. A round of applause rang out when Lindir had finished. Lindir took a bow and stepped off stage. He approached Lord Elrond and Erestor and asked "How are you my Lords?" Both replied that they were well and had enjoyed his performance. Lindir was one of the few elves Erestor could tolerate being around. He was sweet, shy and had a better personality than some of the more snobbish elves he knew "I cannot wait to hear your new piece Lindir, I know you have worked hard on it" Erestor said "I just hope my hard work shows" "Doesn't it always" Erestor said. Lindir worked hard on every piece he did but he always seemed to doubt it later. Thankfully it always works out. "Thank you Erestor. I appreciate your compliment" Lindir blushed Erestor, Lord Elrond and Lindir talked for a good half an hour before the twins arrived "Evening Ada" they both said in unison. "Good evening boys. I trust you slept well?" Elrond replied "Yeah drinking that caffeine wasn't the best idea" Elladan said rubbing the back of his head shyly Almost everyone at the table chuckled. The twins sat next the their father and sister and told them about the patrol. Eventually all the guests had arrived to hear Lindir's new song. Lindir began his piece and entranced everyone in the