The3V's are dazzledtodeath (eternallyedward on FF), amcas and lynseyg80. Apologies to Stephanie Meyer. Obviously, we own nothing but three very sick minds. Not betaed—please excuse any errors. Enjoy! xxx Edward pushed his glasses up his nose and clutched the towel around his waist tightly. He hated showering at the gym, but he really had no choice—he was sweaty and gross after working out, so he waited until the locker room was nearly empty before heading for the showers. As he was rounding the corner Jacob Black, overly bulked-up 'roid head that he was, barreled into him, sending Edward's glasses flying. As Edward fought to keep his balance his arm shot out automatically, loosening his towel and setting in motion a chain of events that would change his life forever. "Watch where you're going, you … you … dumbass !" Edward shouted, fumbling blindly for his glasses. Jacob laughed at his weak insult, but his laughter soon turned into a shocked gasp. "Holy shit, dude … is that … you've got … fucking hell, Cullen's got two dicks!" Jacob's normally dopey countenance was rendered even less intelligent looking by his bugging eyes and gaping mouth. "Dude! How can I grow another one?" Edward had snatched up his towel and hastily covered himself, but it was too late. Jacob's big mouth had brought everyone still in the gym running, and Edward heard the the dreaded click that meant that his extra endowment had been captured on someone's phone. "You can't grow another one, you brain-dead slab of beef. I was born this way!" Edward threw on his clothes and ran out of the gym, leaving his fellow gym-goers staring after him in awe. He knew this wouldn't be the last he'd hear of his accidental exposure. Jacob and his pack of idiot friends had photographic proof of Edward's diphallia, and soon the whole world would know that he hung both to the left and the right. Edward couldn't sleep. Fear was eating him alive. "Fuuuuck!" he hissed as he refreshed Facebook endlessly, waiting for a post about what happened at the gym. Edward only had a few friends online, but he knew that if any of them knew then it was only a matter of time before everyone knew would know what a freak he was. He closed his eyes tightly and thought back to the moment he knew that everyone had seen his two penises. He wished he could erase it, wipe it clean, and pretend that tomorrow would be just another day at the office. Nothing would ever be the same. He knew this and hated it. His life was nothing spectacular, but now he would become a side-show freak. Growing up Edward knew he was different but he didn't grasp the importance of keeping his diphallia a secret until he was in the third grade. His mother had always told him was special and that other boys weren't as special as he was. Both his mother and father taught him to always use the stalls when going to a public bathroom, never the urinals. It became second nature, and it never really occurred to him to wonder why. He just complied. However, that all changed one day in the third grade when he was forced to use the urinals out of necessity. His best friend, Garrett, wanted to return to the playground because some of the other kids had found a dead raccoon. He pushed Edward to "hurry up and pee!" So he did. Garrett then ran out to the playground to share some news that was way bigger than a dead raccoon. After that, Edward was home-schooled until middle school; at that point his father forced him to attend public school so he could be socialized. Edward had never slipped up again in school. He had never slipped up again...until today. After dinner that night, Edward's fear was realized. His best friend, and fellow geek, Ben Cheney called and was so agitated that Edward could barely understand him. "Slow down, Ben! What's up?" "Edward, man, I don't know how to tell you this, but you're all over Facebook. Jacob posted pictures of your—your— you know ." Ben knew Edward's secret. It had come out one drunken night when they were both lamenting their failure with the opposite sex. Edward had blurted out, "You can straighten your teeth and get contacts, but dude, how do I tell a girl I've got two dicks?" Ben was a true friend and kept Edward's secret, unlike Garrett, who'd continued to antagonize Edward ever since he'd outed him in third grade. "Fuck. my. life." Edward stared into space, barely hearing what Ben was saying. "Edward? Listen, I've alerted Facebook about the pornographic images on Jacob's page. I'm sure they'll remove them right away." Edward doubted that. He'd seen much worse on Facebook, and knew they were slow to act in any case, if they did at all. Besides, he knew that once on the internet, always on the internet. People had undoubtedly saved and screen-capped the pictures. Jacob and his friends had the photos—they could have posters made if they wanted, and plaster them all over town. Edward's mind spun as he imagined his divining rod of love being viewed by the entire population of Forks. He felt a headache coming on, and told Ben he'd call him later. Unable to think about it any more, Edward snuck a Valium out of his mother's medicine cabinet and fell into bed. xxx The next morning, Edward was awakened by the insistent ringing of his phone. Groggily, he answered, not even noticing the unknown number with a Los Angeles area code. "Hello?" he slurred. "Good morning, is this Edward Cullen?" "Yes, who's this?" "Mr. Cullen, this is your lucky day. And mine, too." Edward didn't recognize the masculine voice. He didn't know anyone with a thick southern accent. "Oh, I don't want to buy anything. Thank—" "Mr. Cullen,wait! Your double anaconda is going to make both of us a lot of money!" Edward froze at the mention of his anatomical anomaly. "My name is Jasper Whitlock, and I make movies. Maybe you've heard of Anal Angels? Busty Bimbos One and Two?" Edward scrunched his face up in confusion. The Valium wasn't helping him keep a clear head. "Um, no, I'm not familiar with those, but I don't get out to a lot of movies …" "No matter. Listen, I'll be in your neck of the woods at the end of the week. I've got a proposal that could make you a very rich double-hung man, Mr. Cullen. Can we meet next Thursday? Name the place." This Jasper was a fast talker , Edward thought. Between his thick accent and Edward's Valium-muddled brain, Edward was not at his sharpest. He racked his brain as to where they could meet. He had a feeling his parents' basement wasn't the best place to have this conversation. "I'll tell you what, Edward. May I call you Edward? I see you've got a little place there in Forks called Different Strokes Videos and Sensual Aids. Why don't we meet there, and I can show you some of my work?" Edward giggled, because when Jasper said 'Forks', it sounded like he was saying 'Fucks.' He'd never heard of this Different Strokes place, and he couldn't imagine what a store named after a crappy seventies sitcom would sell, but he figured it was as good a place as any to meet this Jasper character, so he agreed. He quickly forgot all about the mysterious phone call as he checked his Facebook wall and logged into his email account. He had been worried about what the small population of Forks would say now that the dicks were out of the bag, but he never anticipated that it would travel outside the town. Edward had gone global. "Holy shit! Who are all these people?" Edward's Facebook account had over 540,000 friend requests. His email was full of "fans" and all sorts of people wanting to know about his diphallia. He even had an email from a woman in New Jersey with two vaginas! Countless people sent messages full of fascination with his condition. All of them had questions...so many questions. Edward felt light-headed. "What is going on? How did this travel so fast? What the hell am I going to do? She has two vaginas?" Flustered and very scared, Edward did the only thing he could think of to do. He called his mother. Esme Cullen was shocked. Deep down she knew that something like this would eventually happen, and her greatest fear was that Edward wouldn't be able to handle the harsh light that would inevitably be shed upon him. Both she and her husband, Carlisle, had done everything in their power to protect Edward, while still trying to encourage him to be a part of the world. Esme had convinced herself that they had done a decent enough job raising him, as Edward was successful at his job at the accounting firm and he had a small group of friends. Of course, it would be nice to see him with a lovely woman but she knew that as much as she hoped and pushed Edward to date, he had dug his heels in and refused most of her suggestions to branch out into the dating world. She ached for her beloved son and the loneliness that she saw in his eyes. Together they read through a selection of emails and scanned messages sent to Edward. Together they realized three things: Edward was never going to be able to live under the radar again, he was going to have to face his fears and accept his body and life once and for all, and that most of the emails were incredibly positive and...well, complimentary. Most people had questions about his anatomy, about the functions of having two penises, and what his life must be like. There were emails from talk shows, from online publications, and from several doctors. Others wanted to meet him, to date him, to be him! Edward and Esme sat for hours and read through countless messages; they were exhausted. xxx Edward wanted to tell his mom the one little detail he had left out of their afternoon together, but he couldn't tell his mother about the mysterious phone call from this Jasper character. Should I tell her now and upset her? Or should I wait and see how things pan out? No point in getting Esme upset if nothing comes out of it. The truth was he was curious. Damned curious. He figured this Jasper fellow wanted to use him, well, use his two dicks to make some quick cash, but he couldn't help but be intrigued with the idea of meeting a real-life porn guy in a real-life adult store. "I'd like to be the mysterious, sexy bad guy. I could be the next James Deen! Yeah, probably not," he said aloud, embarrassed to have said it, even to himself. Edward shook his head, exasperated with how ridiculous his life had become over the last few days. His life was irrevocably changed; there was no going back to life pre-double dick pics. What was the harm in seeing what he could get out of it? He should get something out of it, right? Thursday arrived too soon. Edward was freaking out. "God, what did I get myself into?" he wondered as he got into his black Volvo and slowly pulled out of his driveway. The eight minute drive to Different Strokes felt like an hour. As he put his car into park, he looked at his reflection in the rear-view mirror. "I can't do this," he whispered as he scrubbed his hands over his face. He was sweating like a pig, and his throat was drier than a desert. "Just go see what this is all about...you can walk out anytime," he reasoned. "Be brave, be the mysterious