Shadows of Tomorrow "Darkness crept back into the forests of the world...rumour grew of a Shadow in the East-and the Ring of Power perceived its time had now come." -Galadriel, Prologue, The Fellowship of the Ring Part One: Beneath the Trees In a great cave some miles within the edge of Mirkwood there lived at this time their greatest king. The Hobbit, J.R.R. Tolkien, p.162 The sun had barely begun her course over Middle-earth, and no shafts of light yet slanted between the branches in Mirkwood, but already there was activity within the halls of Thranduil. Legolas, son of the King, had exited his chamber and was walking purposefully towards the dining-hall of his father when he paused, hearing the approaching sound of light feet on woven floor coverings. "Annúmír!" Legolas greeted the other Elf. "You will breakfast with me before we go to meet Thalion?" "Of course!" he replied with a smile, and the two continued on their way through the twisting, torch-lit passages. A few moments later they came to an arched doorway cut into the silvery stone and draped with soft, billowing fabric. Legolas pushed it aside and entered the room, Annúmír following silently. "Welcome, my sons," Legolas' mother said with a gentle smile that included both of them. Legolas inclined his head towards his father and kissed Eluial on the forehead, while Annúmír bowed before the King and Queen. It was a ritual that had been their custom for many centuries, but still Legolas sent Annúmír an exasperated glance. His friend had been considered a member of the family of the king ever since Annúmír's mother had been killed in a fall when Legolas had been but eight or ten summers, and Annúmír little more. Legolas, certainly, counted him as the only brother he had ever had, and it had been several years before he could understand why Annúmír could not entirely look on Thranduil and Eluial as his own parents. Even now, he considered his foster brother's deferential actions as both unnecessary and ridiculous, but Annúmír persisted. It was decades since the subject had been mentioned betweem them, but this morning Legolas felt unusually frustrated and it was only with difficulty that he refrained from commenting. "You are going further West into the Forest today, are you not?" Eluial asked with an interrogative glance at the two younger Elves, who had seated themselves in carven chairs at either side of the table. "Yes," Legolas replied, helping himself to fresh bread and fruit from the heaped platters and dishes on the table and pouring water from a jug into his silver cup. "We are going to meet Thalion and check upstream on both watersides as far as the Enchanted River." Thranduil looked keenly at his son, and Legolas once again had the feeling--disconcerting despite its familiarity--that his father could read his thoughts. "Is there aught amiss that you have not told me of?" Thranduil inquired amicably. "No..." Legolas answered slowly. "No, it is a routine patrol--I wish to ensure the spawn of Ungoliant have not spread any further north or east. I am concerned about the new colony some of Erwë's people spoke of, for they seem particularly vicious, and more intelligent than most, which makes it all the more worrying." The disgust and hatred was clear in his voice, for the Elves of Mirkwood detested nothing more than the spiders of the forest and hunted them without mercy, although of late the beasts had multiplied in such vast numbers that it was all the Elves could do to keep them from encroaching upon their homes. It was reason enough for a journey into the Forest, and Thranduil did not press further, nor did Legolas say any more, for his words had been truthful and there was naught else he could have told his father, save for conjecture and questions without answers. The previous evening he had walked some distance from the palace and, listening to the sounds of birdsong and the wind in the branches, had sensed a new presence among the darkness of the woods. The trees, too, murmured in confusion and the animals were disturbed by something unknown to them —— not a malignant power such as he had first recognised centuries ago in the South of the Forest, neither was it a strong force of virtue. It was simply...there, brushing the edges of his mind. The incident had been a minor one, for the inhabitants of the Forest changed daily and Legolas had decided not to report it to his father until there was more information to convey, especially since there seemed so threat to the Elves from the strangers. In any case, his desire to discover the source of the presence he had perceived was a motive secondary to the one he had declared to Thranduil. Eluial cast a perceptive glance at her son, but said only, "The first of the Firith feasts is tonight, remember, so please attempt to return before we set out." They promised to do so, and the meal now being concluded, Legolas and Annúmír bade farewell to Thranduil and Eluial and departed. Returning to their chambers, each Elf retrieved a cloak, a bow and a quiver full of arrows, customary weapons they were rarely without. As they walked along the hallways once more, Legolas adjusted the straps that secured his quiver to his back, and reassured himself his white-hafted knife was at his belt--it had saved his life on more than one occasion and stayed with him always. On their way to the entrance of the palace, they made a detour to the great vaulted kitchens and collected from Ornendur, the chief cook, a bag containing the meal of bread, dried meat and fruit he had prepared for them. At a word of command, the great gates of the King swung wide and the two walked swiftly through, the doors closing once more upon their heels. Thalion, the friend they intended to meet, dwelt some distance away in a flet near the top of a large beech tree and it took several minutes to travel the distance between their homes. As they approached the area where many of the Silvan Elves lived, each could feel the penetrating gaze of the guards who watched tirelessly over the Elven habitations. This was common practice--indeed, Legolas had been the one to order an increase in the sentries some time before, but still had to suppress a surge of anger that such precautions should be necessary. The tendency to evil might be an indelible part of Middle-earth, but millenia of strife, pain and ever-present Shadow had not yet managed to remove from the hearts of the Elves the knowledge that this was not how Ilúvatar had intended Arda to be. They had reached Thalion's tree but he himself was not visible. Annúmír looked at Legolas and inquired, "Shall I whistle, or do you want to climb up?" "Why does everyone always assume anything where climbing is involved must be my responsibility?" he mock-complained. Annúmír laughed, then whistled three soft notes that carried through the still air--a long, a short and a final long, low one that rippled gently among the leaves. The response was almost immediate: far up in the spreading branches an Elf could be glimpsed springing lightly down the tree and a moment later he landed with a muffled, hollow thud on the grassy ground. He was Thalion, less tall than was common among the Elves, but immensely strong, skilled in the hunt and fiercely loyal to his friends. His father, one of the following of Oropher, had taken to wife a maid of the Silvan folk and from his mother Thalion had inherited a wariness additional to that which all the Elves of Mirkwood had gained over the years. He was some years Legolas' junior, but they had known one another since childhood and he had served under Legolas ever since the latter had been given command of the North Guard. Thalion greeted his two friends with a smile and then asked, his expression unnaturally solemn but his eyes betraying him, "And how is Glînwë today?" Legolas and Annúmír exchanged glances and burst into laughter, Thalion soon breaking into mirth also. Composing himself, Legolas replied, "He is not long for this side of the Sea, or so he would have us believe...none of us are deceived by him, but he still enjoys the attentions Lothiel is bestowing upon him!" Thalion did not answer, but Annúmír added, "He has been telling her all kinds of tales, but none of them involve the fact it was his own fault he received those bruises!" Glînwë was a younger Elf whom the others had more or less seriously referred to as "Legolas' protégé" ever since he had taken charge of the Elf-child's training some thousand years before. By now, of course, Glînwë should have been a warrior in his own right, but his mischievous ways combined with Legolas' habit of never letting him out of his sight when on an assignment led to the appearance of a greater difference in age than actually existed between Glînwë and the other three. Some days earlier, Glînwë had proved--to Legolas, at least-- that the precaution was indeed necessary, and would be for the foreseeable future. "He suddenly decided," a disgusted Legolas had explained to Annúmír, "to go off on an expedition alone, and then had not the sense even to keep his ears open...he ended up trampled by one of the white deer, of all things!" "They do move very quietly," his friend had defended, while at the same time trying to control a suspicious twitch at the corner of his mouth. Legolas had not been appeased, but by the time several days had passed the worst of his anger at Glînwë's irresponsibility had passed and he was able to see the humour of the situation--except when Glînwë was present, of course. The young Elf had decided to make the most of his minor injurie, and allowed his adoring younger sister to wait on his every need, much to the amusement of the other Elves, for Lothiel was known as a skilled healer and it was only where her brother was concerned that she appeared incapable of recognising the real insignificance of the damage done. The three now set off, their feet barely making a sound on the fallen leaves littering the forest floor. On arriving at the river they moved along the Northern bank, eyes searching among the trees for anything out of place, ears alert to any sound. Perhaps an hour had passed when a light rain began to fall, dampening the hoods of their cloaks and making a gentle drumming as it dripped from the leaves onto the ground, while the River seemed alive with the sound of many splashing droplets. All else, however, was tranquil, almost eerily so, and even the birds seemed silenced. When they guessed--as well as they could with the sun obscured by clouds--that the time was approaching noon, they paused for a light meal. Thalion, ever more at home among the branches than on the ground, climbed several feet into a large oak while Annúmír settled himself on the grass at its foot and Legolas chose to seat himself on a fallen log some little distance away. Suddenly the stillness was broken by a distant echo. Legolas' head lifted automatically and he turned to where he thought he had heard the noise. "What is it?" Thalion asked sharply, noting the look of concentration on his friend's face. "I cannot be sure...it sounded to me like a voice, but..." His words trailed off, and the other two watched him intently until he spoke again. "No, I must have been mistaken. Perhaps it was some new bird or beast--they often venture up from the South now." He was not certain of what his ears had discerned, but at he fixed all his concentration on the nuances of the