Disclaimer: Tolkien's sandpit, not mine. Far beyond the Hithaeglir and across the wide leagues of Eriador, the sun had come to rest in a blaze of glory on the western horizon, casting a few final shafts of crimson and gold flame across the distant Sea before disappearing. The early hours of the night had passed but the stars still circled in the heavens. It had been a strange day of cold winds and sudden stillness, the skies curiously cloudless for a time so near to spring, and the night that followed was equally unusual: clear and calm, with a coolness to the air that was emphasised by the icy purity of the stars' silver radiance. The early watches passed swiftly but still the stars remained, watching over Middle-earth. Even Eärendil stayed his ship, tarrying low in the sky as low waiting for some signal before departing; while the Moon, only a sliver tonight, hung brighter than them all. Eryn Galen lay in near-darkness: still, an observer might have said, at peace with the world and with those who dwelt there. But to the more discerning watcher there was—not a tenseness, exactly—more a contained anticipation of something long-promised and about to be fulfilled. Suddenly, alerted by some silent call, the slopes of the mountains began to glow with dozens of lights that sprang out one after another: a reflection below of the heavens above, save that these lights were small, flickering and swift, not moving in the slow, graceful dance of the vast constellations. In what had once been the king's chambers, the mother of the new king arose from her couch and walked silently across the room to where a grey-clad handmaid stood. There was none in the Greenwood to compare with the Queen mother—oh, her son had inherited her beauty, the proud lift of the head and the golden head that seemed a mesh to capture light of sun, moon and stars, but the light in her face and eyes could not be imitated. "It is time, then." The girl nodded. "Yes, my lady." The queen turned and picked up a mantle of deep blue shot with silver. Wrapping it about herself she fastened it at the throat with a jewel of great brilliance and, slipping her feet into a pair of soft embroidered slippers, stepped quickly through the door, followed by the maid. "When did it begin?" the queen asked quietly. "My lady the queen Eluial noticed the first pains an hour ago, but would have no-one brought until now." "She is well, then?" "Oh, yes, my lady, and though the healers are cautious I believe they expect an easy birth." A faint smile crept to the queen's lips. "After you have had a child, my dear, you will understand that there is no such thing. And my son, how is he?" The girl's eyes dropped, and the queen suspected that only her respect for the royal line prevented a smile. "He was angry, my lady, that the queen would have no-one, but I think his anger is…" "Merely a disguise for his excitement, anticipation and sheer terror," the queen finished. "Just as his father was, I recall." Her luminous eyes shone even more brightly and she said nothing more as they walked along many-windowed halls and across grassy courtyards. The maiden remained in sympathetic silence a few steps behind, only nodding briefly in answer to the unspoken question she received from every guard they encountered. There was eager interest in every eye, and only decades of training kept them in their places and prevented a chorus of jubilant singing that would have wakened the entire palace. As it was, the news that the young queen's child had chosen to make his entry to the world was already spreading like wildfire. Every corridor in the palace was filled with soft murmurs, while one attendant had slipped outside to inform her family, who promptly passed the news from talan to talan . In the king and queen's rooms a dozen Elves moved quietly, preparing for the hours to come and ensuring that every possible need of mother and child had been provided for. Privately, Eluial was of the opinion that most of it was completely unnecessary, while one of the healers would have done well to feed one or two of those sedatives to her husband, who was coming the closest to fidgety that she had ever seen him…and a fidgety Elf, while certainly interesting, is not the safest thing to have around. Three of the best workers in Noldorin medicine to remain in Middle-earth—as well as Master Elrond himself— had travelled from Imladris as soon as the mountain passes cleared sufficiently to allow them to journey in relative safety. They were busy in an antechamber weighing herbs, making poultices and brewing draughts. Two Sindarin healers were also presently engaged in similar occupations, while their Silvan counterparts did…something or other that she had been assured was essential to the process. Several assistants cleaned instruments, heated water and carried cloths and bandages to and fro. At the centre of all this activity, its focus stood quite still, gazing out of the window to where dappled moonlight fell on a stone terrace. "Have you never heard the old proverb that the Edain used to quote, meleth ?" she asked of her husband. "Which?" he replied distractedly, gazing at her in a kind of frightened, adoring awe. "Too many cooks spoil the broth," she answered, humour glinting in her grey eyes. Thranduil blinked, then, realising to what she referred, said firmly, "No. They should all be here—just in case. I am not risking either your health or that of our child." Turning to one of the healers, he queried in a hushed whisper, "How long will it be, Doronil?" "A good few hours yet, my lord," he answered, giving the king a brief, reassuring smile. "I could have told you that," Eluial pointed out. "I mean, I have known since yesterday morning that—" "You knew?" Thranduil interrupted, staring at her incredulously. "You knew that you were going to deliver him today and you never told me?" "Yes, of course," his wife replied patiently. "I have followed every movement of this little one for the past year—do you really think I could fail to notice something as important as this? Really, Thranduil, I would have thought that someone at some point as you grew up would have explained this to you…or, failing that, that the amount of information on pregnancy you have sought during the year would have clarified the question for you!" "Yes, but why? Why did you not tell me?" the distraught husband demanded. "Why do you think? To avoid all this for as long as possible, of course! It will probably take the best part of a day as it is, and I had no desire to lengthen the time I spent in here with you looking as though your entire army had just evaporated!" "This is worse—a whole day ?" Eluial did not reply; clutching her stomach with one hand and pressing the other into the small of her back, she gasped and bent over, wincing. Immediately one of the Noldorin women was beside her, holding a cup to the queen's lips and beckoning a young apprentice over with an armload of folded, heated towels to wrap around her to ease the pain of the cramp. Elrond emerged from the antechamber and knelt by her side, murmuring something in Quenya. As the contraction passed off, Eluial glanced up at her husband. "On second thoughts, perhaps not. You have begotten a son as stubborn and independent as yourself, I fear, and he wants to prove his Naneth wrong…don't you, sweetheart?" Elrond was frowning, and Thranduil's hypersensitive nerves noticed at once. Catching his cousin by the arm, he led him away from Eluial and murmured urgently, "There is something wrong, Elrond, is there not? How did you not notice it before? What is it?" Elrond shook his head. "As the queen said, your son is probably just being impatient." "Probably? Elrond, you are just like Díor!" The younger Elf glanced up curiously. "What do you mean?" "You are both terrible at hiding your emotions," Thranduil explained, looking worriedly at his wife, who was being led to a chair by one of the Silvan healers. "Is must be the blood of Men, or something of the sort, but I can read your face like a book and I know there is more to this than my son's character! What is wrong? Tell me !" he half pleaded, half demanded. Ignoring him, Elrond walked towards Eluial, looking back over his shoulder to warn, "Do not distress your wife, Thranduil!" "I am not distressed," the queen retorted, having overheard his last words. "It is Thranduil who needs help…why do you not take him outside for a walk, Elrond, or send him for a drink, or engage him in fencing? You would be of much greater use then than you are now!" Elrond only smiled in acknowledgement and, urging Thranduil to keep calm, disappeared back into his antechamber. One of the other Noldorin healers promptly hurried to Eluial's chair and helped her to rise and walk about the room, while a woman Thranduil recognised vaguely as one of Doriath's few surviving midwives urged her drink another cup of steaming herbs. Eluial made a face as they passed her lips, and asked the woman something Thranduil did not hear as he stood by the window, alternately watching the spread of lights across his realm and following his wife's progress with eyes that burned with anxiety, while his fingers plaited and unplaited small sections of his long hair, attempting to soothe his nerves in the repetition of the familiar motion. A soft tap at the door alerted them to a new presence and Eluial, casting despairing eyes about the already busy rooms, signalled acquiescence to the young elleth who went to open it. The panelled door swung inward to admit Thranduil's mother and another attendant. The older queen went at once to her daughter-in-law and kissed her, speaking in a soothing undertone. Thranduil hurried across the room, seeking reassurance and comfort from the woman who had been the one constant throughout the many upheavals and tragedies of his long life. "Nana," he said softly, the word an exhalation of long-held breath, as he laid his forehead on her velvet-clad shoulder. "There, my son," she answered, brushing her lips across the smooth golden head before lifting it so that he was once more taller than she. "And how is my first grandson?" "He is very well," Eluial answered, eyes glowing with love and pride for the child within her. "But all these healers—Naneth, one tells me to sit, one to lie, another that I should walk to help the progress of the labour. One advises me to drink so many analgesic draughts that I can barely feel my fingers, let alone the pain, while another says the pain is necessary so I will know when…things change…and still another says I should have poppy to numb my mind! And it has been like this the entire year ," she added, gazing at Thranduil with accusatory reproach. "If I had the advice of only one healer, then I would trust her and all would be well, but I have received so many conflicting instructions on how to best give birth to my son that I know not which to accept!" The queen smiled sympathetically, but there was something wistful almost concealed in the depths of her eyes. "When Thranduil was born, he was the first prince of the House of Elwë since Galathil, quite a few decades before. Melian was there, with half a dozen of her ladies; there were refugee women from Ossiriand, who wanted the new prince to be born after the fashion of the folk of Lenwë and Denethor; then there was my mother, of course, who