Hi there! This is a love story between Neville and a halfblood Slytherin and Dean and her Gryffindor sister! If you're just here for the climax, chapter 21. Continue to chapter 30 and beyond for mild smut. Or stick with the entire story for sweet romance. Rated M for language and sexual references. . He gazed at her. And she was lovely. Neville Longbottom had never met anyone more beautiful in his life. He did not expect he ever would. He admired her with all his being. She was intelligent, humorous, compassionate, and every other vocabulary word you could think of to describe a splendid soul. The way she looked at him made him feel like time stopped and the sky was falling around them. But no matter how entranced he was with her, nobody would ever let him forget the fact that Lenore was a Slytherin. She was not a bad Slytherin. Sure, she was canny, ambitious, and resourceful, but she was not evil. She could never be evil. Lenore Henry used her skills for good. She stuck up for kids who did not have a voice. Anybody who bullied a younger kid would eventually have to face the wrath of Lenore. What a wrath it was. Lenore was full of fire when she got worked up, but otherwise she was her kind-hearted smiling self. She acted as a kind of liaison between Slytherin and the other houses— a diplomat if you will. A very limited number of Slytherins were actually nice. Lenore was one of them. She found friends in other houses, namely Katie Bell and Angelina Johnson. Quite a few people were scared of her purely for the green and silver decorations on her school robes, but Katie and Angelina knew the real Lenore. Neville and his friends knew as well. This particular time, they were together in the Room of Requirement, training in Dumbledore's Army. Lenore had put up some protests about joining. She argued that it was very risky for her to be the only Slytherin in the group. "They could follow me to the meeting!" she had said. "She has a point," Ron replied. "Lenore," Harry said, "As long as you are very careful, you should be fine." "And we mean very careful," Hermione added. Lenore ended up joining at the insistence of Katie and Angelina, with whom she was currently laughing in the corner. Each had their wands drawn, practicing the expecto patronum spell. Lenore was struggling, but Katie formed her patronus on one of the first few tries. After practicing, Angelina got it, too. As Lenore looked around the room., she noticed almost everybody had been able to produce cloudy sparks from their wands, some even had a fully defined patronus. "I can't do this," Lenore sighed. "Yes you can!" Angelina announced. "You just need help. Harry!" The girl flagged Harry down with a wave, her braids flouncing as she tried to catch his attention. The be speckled boy turned around at the sound of his name and raised his brow. "Yes, Angelina?" But Angelina just stepped back, leaving Lenore to do the talking. She panicked. It was not like her to ask for help, much less from a Gryffindor. "Oh, um, I can't get this spell." "Alright, just one moment," he assured her. Harry turned around and left Lenore standing alone. Angelina and Katie were distracted by Leanne Kuang's patronus, trying to guess if it was a beaver or a bird. Lenore smoothed down her long brown hair and blinked her eyelashes as she waited patiently for Harry to return. Harry craned his neck in search of the tall mess of light brown hair. He spotted him on the side of the room with Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan. "Neville!" Harry called out as he walked over. He snapped his fingers and grabbed Neville's arm. "Come with me." Neville dug his feet into the ground, but Harry was stronger than him. He reluctantly followed Harry through the sea of students. "W-what are we doing?" Harry shrugged. "I don't have time for this. Help Lenore." Neville's heart nearly beat out of his chest. "H-help L-lenore?" Harry rolled his eyes. "You can do it. Calm down, mate. Your better at conjuring a patronus than anyone here, besides me. Or Hermione. Maybe Pavarti- that's besides the point. You're good. Now help Lenore." He clapped his hands as Lenore became visible. Neville's eyes scanned her body language. She seemed to bed nervous, maybe even frustrated. "Lenore!" Harry said. "You know Neville, right?" "Yeah!" She beamed her wide smile. She had a beautiful smile and Neville could not help but absorb her warmth and return a small grin. "Hi, Neville. How are you?" "H-hi, Lenore," he stammered. "I-I'm good." She smiled again at him, which made his stomach do a somersault. She was incredibly beautiful today, with her big green eyes, long dark brown hair, and shining smile. Neville had fancied her for so long he almost forgot what it was like to not spend his day catching glimpses at her or attempting to gain her attention. Harry interrupted his train of thought. "Neville here is going to show you how to produce a patronus. He's quite good. Great, even." Neville began to panic. "I-I'm not sure—" "Neville is quite good at this," Harry said, patting him on the back. "Now if you'll excuse me." Lenore saw Harry shoot a glance towards her roommate's friend Cho Chang. Before she could make a mental note to tell her roommate later, Neville spoke up. "S-so, um, how have you been?" Lenore smiled at him once again. Merlin, she was full of smiles today. "You make it sound like we haven't talked in months." "I-it's been... a little bit." "A week," she teased. Neville searched his brain. "Oh. Y-you're right." "Anyway, I'm doing great. I just can't get this patronus. Did you actually want to help or did Harry force you?" "I-I want to help," he said. "A-as long as you want m-me to help." "I do," she grinned. "So, you can help me with this?" She gestured to her wand. "Y-yeah," he said, "Harry showed me the trick last week. I was rubbish at it, too. Let me see you try it." Lenore closed her eyes and focused herself. Neville watched her long eyelashes flutter as she searched her brain and went to her happy place. After a moment, she announced, "Expecto patronum!" Her wand let out a tiny spark of blue light, which quickly fizzed out. She stomped her foot. "That's the best it's ever been." "Okay," Neville said slowly. "What memory are you using? Is it strong enough?" "I'm thinking about back when I went to a muggle school and we would have parties at the roller skating rink and dance to cheesy music." Neville blinked. "And that's a strong memory?" "Yeah," she said sheepishly. "I... I don't know what else to use." "Do you have a powerful memory with your family, maybe?" Lenore hesitated. "What memory do you use?" "Oh, um, I tried using an actual memory, but it wasn't working." Neville got even quieter than he already was. He stepped slightly closer to her and whispered, "B-but then Harry told me he thought of his parents talking to him. He doesn't even know if it is a real memory. So… so I think of a photo of my parents that I saw as a kid. Of them laughing. B-because I... don't actually remember them laughing." Lenore clearly had no idea what to say. She stared up at him, straight into his eyes, her soul beating down on his soul as her lips parted. He had never discussed his parents in front of her before, so her shock was understandable. She touched her hand to his forearm for just the briefest second, but Neville felt every electrifying pulse of her fingers rush up his skin and to his brain. "That's a really good memory." "Y-yeah," he whispered. "I-I think so. I-it works." She gave him a soft smile, but he could see the worry behind her eyes. "I don't have anything like that to use." "You don't have anything really happy or hopeful?" She shook her head. "What about something sad? What's the saddest moment of your life?" She thought a moment. "I... I don't want to say. It's dumb compared to yours, I-" "It's not dumb," he whispered. "I promise you. We're not in competition. Whatever made you feel sad, made you feel sad. It's a personal thing. You don't have to tell me. Just think it." She nodded. "Now what?" "Now, think about how you overcame the sadness. How it made you feel to be happy again." He fell silent as Lenore stared at the ground. Her face contorted into worry, which made him sad. He did not want her to feel down, but it was necessary to conjuring a strong patronus. Feel the bad, then the good will feel even better. "A-are you ready?" She still stared at the ground. "Yeah." "Okay, now hold your wand out with force. Thrust it out there. Good, practice that a few times." Lenore did as he said. He watched her focus all her energy into her arm and out the wand. "Now, think of your memory. Really think of it. Where does it take place? Who is there with you? How did it make you feel? When you're ready, open your eyes, thrust your wand, and shout 'Expecto patronum!'" Lenore stood with her eyes closed for another minute. Neville could see her sucking in her cheeks and fluttering her eyelids. "EXPECTO PATRONUM!" A thick wisp of blue steam was released from her wand. It went about fifteen feet, and then stopped right as it seemed to be taking form. "Neville!" she shouted. Both her hands flew to her cheeks as she dropped her wand. "Oh my god!" Neville's shock turned into a large grin. "I knew you could do it!" "Neville!" she gasped again. He loved when she said his name. "Thank you!" He shook his head. "It was all you." "No," she said firmly. "You helped." "Wow!" Harry said from across the room. "Lenore, that was fantastic! Neville, can you come here for a minute?" Neville turned to Lenore. "It was nice talking to you." "You too," she smiled. "I'll see you later. Thanks again." Neville walked back to Harry with a stupid grin on his face. Lenore glanced down at her hand. She felt powerful, like she had actually accomplished something for once. She was not the most skilled at Defense Against the Dark Arts, she was more of a Potions person, but somehow Neville helped her channel her power. She glanced back to him, watching his best mates Seamus and Dean greet him excitedly. She smiled, glad he had grown closer with Dean and Seamus the past two years. He was a shy kid and she knew it well. He was always so nervous around her, despite the fact that she considered him a friend. She always thought she scared him. It made sense. She was a Slytherin with an unfriendly resting face and a group of friends who were chatty, not the easiest for strangers to get a word in edgewise. Not to mention her Slytherin roommates, who were actually intimating. Angelina slung her arm over Lenore's shoulder, startling her. "Scaredy cat," she laughed. She wrapped her other arm around Katie and gathered the two into a small circle. She beamed up at Lenore. "You know he fancies you, right?" Lenore blinked. "What?" "Neville. He has a crush on you." "No!" Lenore argued. "He's just my friend." Angelina gave Katie a sly smile. "I don't think he would say you are 'just' his friend." She began to panic. Neville could not fancy her. That was absurd. He obviously fancied Luna Lovegood. It was so obvious. "You're full of it." "I am no!" Angelina laughed. "I could tell you a million signs