Then Peeta's there looking handsome in red and white, pulling me off to the side. "I hardly get to see you. Haymitch seems bent on keeping us apart." Haymitch is actually bent on keeping us alive, but there are too many ears listening, so I just say, "Yes, he's gotten very responsible lately." " Well, there's just this and we go home. Then he can't watch us all the time," says Peeta. I feel a sort of shiver run through me and there's no time to analyze why, because they're ready for us. - The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins and we tumble to the ground (and then you say) "What's wrong?" Peeta asks. "Nothing," I answer. We walk out past the end of the train, and though I'm nearly certain the Capitol's microphones won't pick up our voices from here, still no words will come. How can I say what I'm feeling to Peeta? How can I explain that my feelings don't run quite as deep as I'd pretended to the boy who risked his own life for mine without a second thought? There's only one answer to that question: I can't. At least, not until we're back in District 12 and things have calmed down. In a few weeks, when the cameras have gone and I'm back to my surly, plain-faced self, Peeta will realize that I'm not who he thought I was. And we'll get on with life as best we can. As selfish as it sounds, I'm not completely unaffected by the thought that Peeta's adoration for me will fade. There were moments in the arena when comforting Peeta, flirting with Peeta, touching Peeta, felt so natural that I wasn't completely certain that I was putting on a show, after all. Even if we're not truly in love, I care for him. And maybe, if things were different… "Penny for your thoughts?" Peeta's soft timbre breaks me out of my thoughts. He leans in to my side affectionately, brushing a wisp of hair away from my cheek. "They're worth at least a hundred now. Didn't you know I'm a victor?" I joke half-heartedly. Peeta smiles. "I guess that makes me the only one who could afford them." "You and Haymitch," I point out. "He's saving all his pennies for his next drink." I don't have a good retort to that, so I just smile a little and focus on the little bouquet of wildflowers in my hand. "Are you excited to go home?" he asks, leaning back on his elbows in the grass. My forehead creases slightly as I consider the question. On the one hand: of course. This is what I'd wanted. I'm coming homefrom the Hunger Games. I'll have enough money to feed my family for the rest of our lives, and then some. But on the other hand…I don't know for sure what I'm coming home to . My mother and Prim, sure. But how will the rest of District 12 treat me? Will I still be able to hunt in the woods and barter for goods at the Hob, or will my notoriety make it too great a risk? And then there's Gale. "Yes," I say simply. "Are you?" "Very much," he says with a contented sigh. He pauses for a moment. "I'm really looking forward to meeting Prim." It's not something I'd really thought about before, but the idea of Peeta and Prim meeting in person makes me feel a little funny inside. Prim's so guileless, I'm sure she thinks everything that happened between Peeta and me was entirely genuine. Then again, so does the whole country, apparently. "And I'm excited to introduce you to my brothers," Peeta adds, flashing me a grin as he squeezes my hand. "But most of all…" He lowers his voice. "I can't wait to get you alone." He punctuates that remark with a soft kiss right on my neck, leaving no doubt as to his meaning. My fingers tighten reflexively around my flowers. I'm not shocked that Peeta, a sixteen-year-old boy, would want to…do things…with me that we couldn't do on camera. In waking, he was a perfect gentleman. But in sleep, his hands sometimes wandered beneath the cover of our shared sleeping bag. And after his body had started to recover from infection in the arena, I'd woken and felt his interest pressing against me every morning. No, what surprises me is the way my own stomach flips in response to the brush of his lips against my skin. "We should go back in," I say, climbing hastily to my feet. "Effie's probably ready to blow a gasket." "Okay," Peeta says easily, taking my hand as we make our way back to whatever it is that awaits us. "But I'm tired, Effie," I protest, my tone on the verge of a full-out whine. "They've already got shots of me dancing, eating, talking…" It's been eight days since our train pulled into the station at the edge of District 12. Eight days of photo shoots , meet-and-greets and parties that last long into the night. If these parties were for the people who actually live here, I might be willing to indulge them. But most of the crowd is Capitol types, Peacekeepers and wealthy officials enjoying an exotic foray into one of the "outer" districts. It's their only opportunity to meet the star-crossed lovers in person since they won't be important enough to score an invite to any of the parties during our Victory Tour six months from now. So I'm done for the night. They've taken what I'm willing to give. All I want to do now is go home, get out of this dress and these heels, and collapse into bed. At least I'm not in a ball gown this time. Apparently there's no need to get that fancy all the way out in District 12 ; even our highest ranking Peacekeeper is a nobody compared to the lowliest Capitol hanger-on. Instead , the skirt of my forest green dress flares over my hips, ending midway down my thighs – shorter than I'm entirely comfortable with, but a welcome change from the long, flowy fabrics I've been tripping over for the past several weeks. "Katniss, darling, this party is for you. " Effie's just barely suppressing her annoyance at my petulant behavior, I can tell. "These guests are here for you. If you leave now –" "They won't know the difference," Haymitch interrupts, the ice cubes in his glass clinking softly as he sways slightly on his feet. "They're all three sheets to the wind , are you shitting me, Effie?" Narrowing her eyes, Effie crosses her arms over her chest – not an easy feat, given the stiff, shiny purple fabric tightly encasing her arms. "Even if that were the case, neither her mother nor her cousin are here tonight, and you're drunk, which means I am the only appropriate escort, and I simply cannot enable that kind of breach of etiquette." "I'll walk her home," Peeta says immediately, stepping up beside me. His fingers brush lightly against the bare skin at the small of my back, sending a pleasant tickle down my spine. Ever since my mother decreed I was "too young" for a boyfriend in front of the press, we've become a bit more physically distant, which means Peeta likes to take advantage of these little opportunities to touch me when no one's looking. "Oh, Peeta, not you too," Effie sighs dramatically. She knows to expect this from me, but Peeta is usually game for whatever small talk she steers his way. Honestly, I don't know how he has the energy. "My leg's really starting to bother me, Effie," Peeta says apologetically, scratching just below his knee, where his prosthetic is strapped on to what's left of his real leg. "I've got to give it a rest." Our eyes only meet for a split second, but it's long enough for me to know he's fibbing. Talking about Peeta's fake leg is a surefire way to convince Effie to let him do whatever he wants. It makes her so uncomfortable that she'll agree to anything as long as it means she doesn't have to hear him talk about it anymore. Effie purses her lips. "But Katniss' mother –" "Oh, let the kid take her home, Effie," Haymitch says, rolling his eyes. "They'll be followed by cameras the whole way anyway." The realization that he's probably right makes me feel a little sick. With a heavy sigh, Effie acquiesces, and leads us through a few last rounds of goodbyes. I follow Peeta out the door when we're finally permitted to leave, our hands clasped together. Sure enough, a pair of cameramen trail after us, just a few feet behind. My throat tightens. I just want them to leave. I want this to end. I want to be normal again. After a few minutes of walking in silence, Peeta leans down, his lips brushing against my ear. "You want to ditch them?" he whispers. I do. More than anything. I nod, wary of what will happen if they overhear. "Can you run in your shoes?" My face falls a little; the ridiculous shoes strapped onto my feet have thin heels of at least four inches, and making my way down the gravel road towards the Victors Village is challenging enough even at our leisurely pace. "No, I don't think so." "Okay." He keeps his voice very low. "When I bend over to tie my shoe, hop on, okay?" I don't quite catch on to what he's suggesting until he's already bending down towards the ground. "Ugh, stupid shoelaces," he says loudly, I guess for the benefit of the cameraman. He glances at me, and it finally clicks. I scramble onto his broad back, throwing my arms around his neck, and shriek a little as he pops back up and takes off at a run. "Peeta!" I wrap my arms around him tighter and he hitches me up a little higher, darting down a dark alleyway between the shops surrounding the town square. I have no idea where he's going – but Peeta grew up running through these little streets, and I trust that we'll end up somewhere the cameramen can't find us. Peeta runs for another minute or two before slowing to a stop, gently lowering me to the ground. He leans back against a brick wall, breathing heavily. My veins are humming with adrenaline. We look at each other for a long moment, until I finally say, "I can't believe we just did that." He bursts out laughing, and it's so infectious I join him with my own chuckles. I've never really seen Peeta laugh before: he does it with his whole body. He straightens up and pushes off the wall, moving closer to me. "I'm tired of people watching us all the time," he says. "I thought it would end once we got back." "Me too," I admit glumly. "Just one more week until the Harvest Festival, I guess." Peeta nods. "You know, I think this is the first time we've been alone since the Games," he says. "We weren't really alone then," I remind him. "There were cameras everywhere." "Okay, first time we've ever been alone, then," he concedes. He's very close now. So close that I can see how his eyes have darkened, more black than blue in the dim light of a streetlamp. "I've missed you." My nerves prickle under my skin. "What do you mean? We see each other constantly." "Yeah, but…only with all those people around." Peeta pushes a stray hair that had fallen loose during our escape behind my ear, and his hand lingers, tracing down my cheek and then falling to cup my shoulder. He leans down and fits his mouth against mine. Normally, kissing Peeta is nothing special. Our kisses must number in the hundreds by now. It's not unpleasant – from my