This is a follow-up to my earlier fic "hold me, hold me (never let me go)", so you may want to read that one first. This will still pretty much make sense without it, though. Title is from some Florence & the Machine song that I've never actually heard. ;) Come on, then. Haymitch doesn't have to tell me twice. We nearly run down the hallway together, giddy, careless. Nothing else matters now. Just Peeta. I get to see Peeta. Touch him. Feel him. He's already awake, sitting on the edge of the bed with doctors poking and prodding at his body. I can tell the moment he sees me through the glass wall; his eyes widen and he sits up straighter. He stands just as I burst through the door. And then I'm in his arms. And then I break down. Even if I'd had the perfect words to say, I wouldn't be able to get them out now. Instead I cry noisily against his shoulder, my arms squeezing him so tightly I'm sure he can't breathe. Peeta says nothing, his own face buried in my hair. It's not until I hear a soft, choked sob that I realize he's crying, too. I pull my head back slightly and meet his eyes, wet and red and swollen. "This isn't how I wanted it to go," I say, stumbling over the words. Peeta manages a small, watery smile. "What?" "Just – kiss me." And he does. About fifteen minutes pass before the District 13 doctors pry us apart. They still need to check Peeta for less obvious damages, they say. Peeta tries to brush them off, tells them he feels fine, but it's non-negotiable. "It's okay," I tell him quietly. "I'll be here." Even so, he looks scared as they lead him into another sterile white room, never breaking our eye contact until the door shuts behind him. I slump down into a chair, suddenly exhausted. He's here. Peeta is here. And in one piece. I can't really wrap my mind around it. A pang of guilt strikes me as I realize I haven't even asked about Gale's condition. I leave the room and wander down the hallway until I run into someone in a white coat. He's in Room 722, she tells me. The door is unlocked when I get there. Gale's resting in a bed, his back propped up against a few pillows, and his eyes open as I enter the room. "Hey, Catnip," he says, his voice hoarse. "Hey." I move to sit in the chair beside the bed; his mother was probably already here. "How are you feeling?" "I've been better." He gestures to his torso, covered in a large, white bandage. "Took a little shrapnel to my back, but they sewed it right up." I must be making an awful face, because his expression softens, and he reaches out to touch me gently on the arm. "It's really not that bad, I promise." I only nod, my throat suddenly welling with emotions. "Did you see him?" Gale asks quietly, looking down at his hands. Another nod. If I speak right now, I'll only start crying again. And I don't know what to say to Gale right now. I'm still angry that he didn't even tell me he was going on this mission. But what he did – it was selfless. Selflessness isn't something you learn growing up in the Seam; I know better than anyone that it doesn't come easy. I know that I should thank him, but something about it feels wrong. "I…need some sleep," Gale says after a long moment of silence. "Thanks for stopping by, though." Again, I nod. But as I stand to leave, I touch his hand hesitantly. He takes mine in his own, squeezing it for a brief moment. I hope it's enough. Over an hour passes before I'm permitted to see Peeta again. They've given him a mostly clean bill of health – he's got a few cuts and scratches, but it seems the Capitol's main method of mistreatment was denying him food, since they had to keep him presentable for the cameras. He's still just as thin as he was the night the arena exploded, though, which means the doctors want him to get his weight back up as quickly as possible. We sit side by side at a little table in a room in the medical center, holding hands as we wait for the kitchen to prepare him a specially ordered meal. We don't say much. I'm not sure what I should say. Is it too soon to ask him what happened to him all these weeks? Probably. Maybe it'll always be too soon. "I…" He swallows hard. "I guess my family isn't here?" My heart sinks. Has no one told him? I slip my arm around his waist, an attempt at comfort. "They're not here," I confirm quietly. Peeta nods tightly, his gaze trained on the tabletop. "I kind of guessed that. When I found out about District 12, I mean. But I still…I still kind of thought maybe. Maybe." I rest my head against his shoulder and say nothing. A man in gray kitchen clothes appears with a tray for Peeta, who accepts it with a thank you. I've never seen anyone slurp down the kitchen's thin, watery stew so quickly. Peeta finishes the meal in record time, and sighs as he drops his spoon into the empty bowl with a clatter. "I'm still hungry. You think they'd give me more?" I shake my head sadly. "They're really strict about food here. They'll give you exactly what the doctor prescribed, no more, no less." He sighs again. "Great." I assume that we'll be allowed to leave, since Peeta's uninjured, but when we open the door I find Boggs on the other side. "We need to take him for questioning," he says gruffly. "What?" I grab Peeta's hand. "Questioning him about what? How he nearly starved to death?" The old Peeta would have smiled and told me I was being silly, and promised he'd come find me once it was over. But now he only stands behind me in silence, an iron grip on my hand. He's frightened. "We're not accusing him of anything," Boggs says, lowering his voice. "We just need to make sure that if he knows any more about what Snow's planning, we know it too." "It's three in the morning," I snap. "Let him rest." Boggs sighs. "Soldier Everdeen…" I don't trust him. I don't trust Coin. But I don't know that I have a choice. I look up at Peeta, questioning him without words. He looks at Boggs. "Can she come with me?" Boggs shakes his head. "I'm sorry." "I'll walk with you. I'll stay right outside the door," I tell Peeta. I glance at Boggs, who nods slightly in confirmation. That much they'll allow. Boggs leads us through a series of winding hallways, down one elevator, then up another just a few feet away. We must be going to a different part of the compound – one I don't even know about. Peeta keeps a tight grip on my hand the entire time. He seems overwhelmed by this underground maze we're weaving through, and I slow my pace as his feet start to drag a little. "Do they have everything down here?" he asks as we pass one of the farming corridors. "Pretty much," I say, keeping my voice quiet so Boggs can't hear our conversation from where he leads us a few yards ahead. "But not fresh game. They let me and Gale out a few times a week to hunt." "That sounds nice," he says, but his face tells a different story. Maybe I shouldn't have brought up Gale. "We're here," Boggs says abruptly, stopping before a solid metal door. "Soldier Everdeen, I can't let you any further than this." I wrap my arms around Peeta in a brief hug, then lean against the wall in defiance. "Fine." Boggs swipes a card and the door slides open. With one last, slightly panicked look at me, Peeta enters the room. Boggs follows, pausing in the doorway. "This is going to be a while," he says. "You sure you don't want me to take you back up to the civilian area?" So that's where we are – some kind of military headquarters. My stomach feels queasy at the realization. I shake my head. "I'm not leaving him." Boggs shrugs. "Suit yourself." The door shuts behind him, sliding into place with a soft click. Boggs was right: It's a while. Hours pass and I drift into half-waking, half-sleep, curled up on the cold tile floor, fluorescent lights shining harsh and dull behind my eyelids. Not a single soul passes through the hallway. I hope someone tells my mother and Prim where I've gone in the middle of the night. I don't know if I'm thinking or dreaming or both, but my mind floats among memories of Peeta. Of the things I've done with Peeta. Specifically, the thing: the night before the Quell when he moved inside of me, kissed me, made me his. The night I made him mine. Neither of us thought of it that way, of course. We were going to die. We knew we were going to die. We made no promises in what we did. But I know now that I was choosing him that night, in a way, even though I didn't really have a choice. That no matter how long I live, no matter how many times someone touches me that intimately, I'll always be brought back to that moment, that bed, that boy. I'm disoriented when the metal door slides open again. Peeta stumbles out first, and I'm on my feet immediately, pawing at him ineffectually. "D'they hurt you?" I manage to say, voice still clouded with sleep. Peeta shakes his head, patting my back with clumsy hands. "No, no," he says. "I'm just tired." And he is, clearly: His face is pale and drawn, dark bags puffy beneath his eyes. I see Boggs and a few other soldiers clustered around the doorway. "Now will you let him sleep?" I demand. Boggs stifles a yawn with one hand and waves us forward with another. "Yes. I'm taking him to his quarters now." The journey back to the familiar part of the compound doesn't seem to take as long, and Peeta's new compartment is just a few doors down from where Finnick's been living. Boggs hangs around in the doorway for a minute or two, seeming almost embarrassed when he realizes I'm not leaving with him. As soon as Boggs leaves I lead Peeta to the bed, crawling in beside him under the covers. We don't even bother to undress. "You're staying?" he croaks softly, his eyes already half-closed. "Yeah," I say. "I'm staying." "Can you…can I hold you?" he asks quietly. Without a second thought I curl up against him, relaxing as his arms wrap around me, warm and secure despite how much weaker they've become during his imprisonment. "This doesn't feel real," he whispers against my neck. "It's real," I whisper back, though I'm not so sure myself. "I promise it's real." I have no idea what time it is when I wake. But as I slowly realize where I am, who I'm with, it doesn't matter. I twist around in Peeta's arms to look at his face. In sleep he looks peaceful, healthy. I wonder if it's because I'm here. I know that he's the only reason I didn't wake screaming with nightmares as we slept. Just as I'm starting to drift off again, Peeta's eyes flutter open. I can see the recognition in his gaze as he slowly realizes that I'm here, that I'm solid and real, that I'm not a ghost or a dream. He buries his face in my neck and groans, squeezing me tight against him. A