The Bough Unbowed she had no heart so hardened all under the boughs unbowed Peeta is not surprised when Gale Hawthorne is reaped for the 74th games. Gale's 18 years old, the eldest sibling of four, a Seam boy - his name coming out of that bowl is almost an inevitability. A thousand eyes watch in silence as Gale walks up to the stage, jerking his arm away from the Peacekeeper tasked to herd him up the steps. But Peeta looks across the way, to his right, where Katniss Everdeen stands with the other sixteen-year-old girls. She's standing stone-faced and still, her gaze straight ahead, unblinking. . The Gamemakers score Gale a 10. For a District 12 tribute, it's pretty incredible. He must have shown them his hunting skills, Peeta thinks. A bow and arrow could catch him squirrels, rabbits, deer... It could catch him a child. . Gale's handsome, fast, strong - he could be the next Finnick Odair. But his interview is a disaster. Caesar Flickerman tries his best, but the young man's words are contemptuous, careless, flippant. He doesn't want the crowd to love him, and he wants them to know it. In the very last few seconds, though, his eyes soften and he says: Katniss, I love you. I'm coming back to you, I swear. . Peeta feels sick in that moment, because he knows how this story will go. Gale will return a Victor, sweep Katniss off her feet and carry her away to his beautiful house in the village. He'll kiss her, make love to her, marry her. They'll have children who will never feel hunger. Gale will do all the things that Peeta wants to do, the things he wishes desperately for, and Gale will deserve each and every one of them - because he grew up with her, because he is a good man, because he survived against the odds. Because Katniss loves him. . That's not how the story goes. Gale Hawthorne comes in third place in the 74th annual Hunger Games. A bolt of lightning strikes him in the middle of a rainstorm as he's running for shelter, and it's so perfectly random that it can only have been a deliberate move by the Capital. A warning. Peeta can feel his brothers' eyes on him as the sound of a cannon's blast rings out tinny from the television. They know about Katniss. That night, in the bedroom they share, they'll say to him: Maybe you've got a shot now, Peeta. He'll curl away from them, pretend not to hear, to be asleep. He didn't want this. He only wanted her. . Peeta doesn't attend the funeral. He and Gale weren't friends, weren't even acquaintances, really, and it would be strange. Instead he sneaks a loaf of bread when his mother isn't looking and carries it to the Seam, knowing it will be empty during the memorial service. He leaves it on the front step of the Hawthornes' house. He's embarrassed by how little it looks, how little it will do for a family of four, but his mother would have noticed two loaves missing, and then he'd never be able to do this again. . By some miracle, his mother doesn't notice, and Peeta develops a routine: steal the bread on Saturday, hide it beneath his bed, rise early on Sunday mornings and leave the loaf on the doorstep. He does this for weeks, summer fading into fall, until one morning a voice behind him demands: "What are you doing?" Peeta drops the bread clumsily and stumbles back away from the house. It's Katniss. "Hi," he says. "Um, I was just leaving them some bread." She's clearly come from the forest, her boots caked with mud, a piece of dead leaf caught in the end of her braid. Her game bag is slung over her shoulder. There's a thin brown rope running through the belt loops of her pants, tightly knotted at the front. She looks thin. "Why?" It's a question Peeta's asked himself many, many times. Why? He'd eventually settled on the reasonable answer: The Hawthornes are not only a poor family, but a big family. Their primary breadwinner is gone. Peeta's family is big, too, but they can spare a loaf of bread each week. (There is another reason, of course, one that isn't sensible, one that hums along in the back of his mind every step of the way.) "I want to help," he says simply. "Do you help every tribute's family?" "No," he admits, his heart jumping into his throat as she steps closer. "Have you been doing this all along?" "No." He swallows. "I've been bringing it since...you know." Katniss frowns, staring down at the crumpled brown bag that sits on the front step. "Hazelle didn't tell me someone was leaving bread." She shakes her head. "He...he wouldn't have wanted this. He didn't want charity." Peeta doesn't know what to say. Gale is dead; his family isn't. "What are you doing here?" he blurts out. "It's so early." Katniss' hand drifts absently to her game bag. "I had to go hunting early this morning." "So you're bringing them food." Katniss nods silently. "So why is it charity when I do it, but not when you do?" He regrets it immediately; she looks away, jaw clenched, and he wants to apologize. He almost does. "Because I made a promise. Because you don't know them," she says finally, and her gray eyes meet his, and he knows now that they're not just talking about a loaf of bread for the Hawthornes anymore. "Maybe I want to know them," he says softly, and he can see that she knows it, too, because her eyes widen just the slightest bit, and a hint of color returns to her cool, dark cheeks. "Don't do this again," Katniss says stiffly. She bends down and picks up the loaf of bread, cradling it in her arms. "This is the last one." She disappears inside the house. . It's not the last one. . The next time she sees him outside the house, three weeks later, she shakes her head. "You don't listen, do you," she says, dark eyes slightly narrowed. "Nope," Peeta replies. He'd thought about it: what kind of person would he be if he stopped helping a family survive, just because a girl rejected him? A terrible person. Not himself - not the person his father would want him to be. And so he kept bringing the bread. Katniss sighs heavily and swings her game bag off of her shoulder, digging through it aggressively. "Fine. Take this," she says, thrusting something at him. In the dim light he can just barely make out the form of a rabbit, blood matted into its fur. He feels queasy at the sight of it. He's never been good with blood, with dead things. "I don't need it," he says firmly. "I don't want anything from you." And it's not true, there are things he wants from Katniss; her smile, her laugh, her warm breath on his neck, her body moving beneath his in the dark. But he doesn't want them as part of an exchange. He wants them because she wants him to have them. She steps closer, the rabbit dangling by its ears from her shaky hand. "You have to," she insists, her voice catching. "Please, just take it." He weakens at the desperation in her voice. He doesn't understand why this is so important to her - only that it is. "I can't carry a dead rabbit through town with me," he says, licking his dry lips. She knows he's right, and she glances at the house behind them, still dark and quiet in the early morning. "Wait here," she says. "I'll walk with you." . Katniss seems surprised when he's still there twenty minutes later, waiting patiently by the front door. "Sorry," she mutters, and he thinks she means for keeping you waiting , but it's hard to tell with her. "S'okay," he shrugs. She shakes the game bag a little, and he can see there's something in there - the rabbit. He nods, and they set off for town. After a few minutes of silence Peeta realizes that the things he knows about Katniss Everdeen - that she sings like an angel, that their parents dated in their youth, that Gale Hawthorne loved her - are not things he can discuss with her. Not now, anyway. So he asks, "How's your sister?" Katniss looks at him suspiciously. "How do you know my sister?" "I don't." Peeta pauses. "I've seen you with her. I've seen you bring her by the bakery, to look at the cakes." She nods, looking down at the ground. "She's fine." "How come...how come you two never come inside?" he asks hesitantly. A frown creases her forehead. "We can't afford anything," she says finally. "Your mother made it clear we're not welcome." Peeta snorts. "My mother..." He shakes his head. "She's not always there. If you look in the window and it's me, you should come in." "Sure," she says, in the way that means no, never. The sun is just beginning to peek over the horizon when they reach the bakery. Katniss follows Peeta to the back entrance, by the pig pens, and pulls the rabbit once more from her bag. He takes it gingerly, holding it far away from his body, and he thinks he sees her suppress a smile at his squeamishness. "Are you sure I can't give you something for this?" he asks quietly, nodding towards the door. "One more loaf of bread?" "No," she says simply, turning away, and he knows not to argue. Peeta sighs. "Okay. Bye, Katniss." She glances over her shoulder, as if she'd already forgotten he was there. "Bye." . "What is this?" Peeta's mother demands, dropping a package on the table before him. It's Katniss' rabbit. He'd carefully wrapped it in paper and tucked it away in a corner of the kitchen that morning, intending to give it to his father, but she'd found it first. "A rabbit," he says carefully. His mother hasn't hit him in two or three years - not since he grew taller and stronger than her - but her words can be just as bad as her fists. "Where did you get a rabbit?" "I traded it," he says. Sometimes it disturbs Peeta himself, how easily he lies to his own family. "The girl from the Seam started coming around again." Katniss had stopped showing up with her squirrels after the last reaping. "I didn't tell you you could trade with her," his mother snaps. "How much did you give her for this?" "One loaf of the sourdough." It's close enough to the truth. She stares at him for a long moment, clearly having some kind of internal debate. One loaf of bread for an entire rabbit is an excellent trade. But Peeta doesn't do excellent things; only foolish, clumsy things. "She's a stupid girl," she mutters, walking away. "A rabbit's worth at least three." . Somehow, slowly, Peeta's Sunday routine becomes their Sunday routine. Katniss meets him in the early morning on the Hawthornes' front step, slips inside to do - something, he's never quite sure what, and he's never invited - and walks with him to the back of the bakery. She gives him a rabbit, or a few squirrels, occasionally a bird, and he offers her bread or sweets. She always refuses them. And then she leaves. They have a few classes together in school, and they eat lunch at the same time, but they never speak. He would - he wants to - but he doesn't want to jeopardize the tentative companionship that blooms between them in the early morning light each week. So instead he averts his eyes when they pass one another in the hallway or enter a classroom together. And she's always there on