A Man for All Seasons 68 degrees, 0% chance of rain Summer in District Thirteen is just like autumn, winter and spring in District Thirteen: 68 degrees; lights that shut off at 9 pm; odorless, sterile air. For no reason that Katniss can discern, the few children here still get the summertime off from school, and as she wanders the corridors she often bumps into the young ones chasing each other through the halls, or a gaggle of teens around Prim's age gossiping in a hushed huddle. They make her feel ancient. Some days she stumbles upon Finnick during her aimless walks around the compound, always alone, always with his frayed length of rope in hand. Sometimes they chat about mindless things, like a strange-tasting soup from lunch or the odd quality of the lights in Thirteen ("fluorescent", Plutarch explains). Sometimes they don't talk at all. He's the only one who understands her silence, because he meets it with his own. Finnick looks different in District Thirteen, like a flower wilting in the shade. Without a prep team, his skin grows paler. His hair lies flat over his forehead, and the roots grow long enough to reveal a shade more brown than bronze. It's ironic, she thinks, that he looks smaller and thinner here, despite the carefully calibrated meals they're served in the dining hall. He's still beautiful. Finnick Odair could never be anything but beautiful. But the underground city reveals something that was always obscured in daylight: he's mortal. He'll end up under the dirt one day, just like the rest of them will. "I loved summer in Four," Finnick tells her one afternoon as they sit on top of two desks in an empty classroom, his hands busy with his rope. She watches as he knots it, over and over, his fingers moving so quickly her eyes can hardly keep up. "Really?" Katniss remembers her stop there on the Victory Tour, how the air was damp and warm even as snow fell back home in Twelve. Effie had said be thankful we don't bring you here in summer! and Katniss had looked at Peeta and he'd given her one of those sad smiles, the ones that warmed her but squeezed tight at her heart, and in that moment it had been enough. "It's hot as hell, but then you jump in the ocean and it just feels…incredible." His eyes take on a faraway look. "And Annie had this yellow swimsuit…" He shakes his head a little. "I haven't been there for summer in years, though. They always kept me in the Capitol." Katniss says nothing. It would've been her fate, too, if things had gone as she once thought they would: traveling every summer to the Capitol with a fresh pair of tributes. Training them. Losing them. Days spent in climate-controlled apartments, cars, trains. Nights in unfamiliar beds, while the woods of District Twelve called out to her in her dreams. But at least Peeta would have been there too, steady and safe by her side, her constant in the middle of chaos. "What's it like in Twelve?" Finnick asks gently, pulling her out of her dark thoughts. She thinks for a moment. "Hot," she says. "But it gets cooler at night, because we're near the mountains. It's nice." She hesitates before remembering that she's in Thirteen, and even though this room might be bugged just like the Victors' Village, no one here cares about whatever illegal activities she might have engaged in back home. "There was this lake out in the woods where my dad taught me to swim. It was really beautiful in summer." "I wondered where you learned to swim," Finnick admits, smirking a little. "Didn't seem like something you picked up in the Capitol. I guess you never took Peeta there." She knows he's just making a joke, but it feels like a stab to the gut anyway. She had never taken Peeta to the lake, or the woods, or any of the places where she could believe, for a few precious seconds, that she was free. Now she never would. "Sorry," Finnick says quietly, catching on. Katniss shrugs, frowning down at her hands in her lap. She wishes she had a rope of her own to distract her. "It's okay." "We'll get out of here someday." His voice strains for confidence, but she can tell he's trying to convince himself, too. "You'll swim in your lake again. And I'll show you the ocean. There's nothing like it." She tries to smile. "I saw it once, from the train in Four." Finnick nods. "They used to let the victors onto the beach. Dip their toes in the sand. But one drowned himself one year." His hands jerk suddenly, pulling a knot extra tight. "I think I was eight or nine that year." She closes her eyes; imagines how desperate she'd have to be to do that. To load up her pockets with stones, or tangle herself in seaweed, or just disappear under the water and never return. It's not that hard to picture it. "The only summers I ever spent with Peeta were in the games," Katniss says, the realization hitting her out of nowhere. Tears fill her eyes before she knows what's happening, her lungs tight in her chest. Finnick's hand is cold but strong when his fingers wrap around her fist, an anchor in deep water. He doesn't speak. Katniss chokes on the air, dry and stale. They sit there, together, until a sun they can't see sets below the edge of a land the world forgot. 52 degrees, partly cloudy Autumn is cool in District Two, the air crisp and pungent with the scent of dying leaves. Back home it was her favorite season, but now Katniss moves through the days in a haze. She feels frozen, yet balanced on the precipice of change, and she's desperate for something to happen . Gale arrives in Two. They hunt together, but something feels off. They stumble over rocks and branches in the forest, their bodies no longer in sync. She tells herself it's just the unfamiliar terrain. (Part of her knows that it's something more, that something between them has been broken for a long time now.) Plutarch calls nearly every day with news of Peeta's "progress", but Haymitch sets her straight each time he gets on the phone. She hates him a little bit for it, but she's also grateful. "I don't want to get your hopes up, sweetheart," he tells her wearily. She nods in silence, before she realizes he can't see her. "You don't need to worry about hopes," she says. One night she lies on her cot in the latest safe house and rolls the pearl that Peeta gave her on the beach between her palms. The motion is steady, soothing. She's close to drifting off to sleep when footsteps creak on the floorboards and the door opens. Gale starts when he sees her. "Oh, sorry. I didn't realize you were sleeping." Katniss sits up quickly, and in her surprise she drops the pearl. It lands on the floor with a click and rolls out of sight. Her chest seizes up in panic. There's a heating vent in the floor under the cot. If the pearl – if it falls – "No," she whispers, and drops to the ground on her knees, stretching her arm as far back under the cot as it will reach. Her palm slides over the floor, finding nothing but dust. "No, no, no," she whimpers, the words growing steadily louder. "Whoa, whoa. What's the matter?" Gale falls to his knees beside her and bends down to peek under the cot. "What are you looking for?" She gestures wildly, unable to form a coherent thought. "Gale, please," she cries desperately. "Help me find it." He slides his torso under the cot, coughing at the dust. "What am I looking for?" he asks. "What the – oh." He's silent for a moment, and Katniss watches in barely contained terror as he slides back out, his fingers clenched tight around something. Gale takes her hand gently and presses his palm against hers, giving her the pearl. He closes her shaking fingers around it. "All safe," he says quietly. She doesn't answer, just stares at her closed fist, breathing heavily. She'd almost lost it – but she couldn't, she couldn't lose him again – She doesn't even realize she's crying until Gale drapes his arm around her uncertainly, giving her a quick squeeze. "Hey, it's okay," he says soothingly. "You've got it now. It's okay." A loud, heaving sob escapes her, but Gale just lets her cry, running his fingers lightly up and down her arm. When she's done he scoots a few inches away, training his eyes on the floor as she wipes at her face with her sleeve. "Thank you," she whispers hoarsely. "You're welcome." He gestures to her hand, still clenched in a fist. "Is that – the one he gave you?" She nods in silence, afraid to meet his eyes. "I'm impressed. The old Katniss would've lost track of that in a few hours." She knows that he's just trying to tease a smile out of her, but she shakes her head. "Please don't," she says quietly. "Sorry," he murmurs. They sit in silence as the sun sets, the inches between them feeling more like miles. Katniss wants him to leave, aching for solitude, but she knows if she asks him right now she'll sever the frayed connection that they're both desperately clinging to once and for all. "He also gave me a locket," she says suddenly. Gale looks at her, questioning. "Did you see it?" Gale nods. "I remember. The cameras couldn't catch what was inside of it, though." Katniss climbs unsteadily to her feet and rummages beneath the blanket at the end of her cot for a moment. Her fingers clasp around the locket, the metal cool beneath her fingers. She sits cross-legged before Gale, letting the locket fall open with a soft click. Gale stares at his own photo for a long moment, his face impassive. Finally he meets her eyes. "This is how he tried to convince you." It isn't a question. "Yes." "And it didn't work." Guilt tugs at her heart, but she's past the point of lying to Gale now. "No." Gale lets out a long, shaky breath. "You know, I thought it was weird that he wasn't playing up the baby angle," he admits. "I guess it's because he…he meant it." Katniss bites her lip, trying to stave off the memory. Before she can answer, Gale shifts closer, then stands, seeming to think better of whatever he'd planned to do. "I'll let you get some sleep now," he says. "Goodnight, Catnip." She keeps her eyes trained on the locket in her hands as he stands and walks to the door. "Goodnight," she says quietly. She doesn't watch him leave. 31 degrees, snow and wind Winter is in full swing when the Capitol releases her back to Twelve. The door to her house in the village is frosted shut, and she almost gives up trying to pry it open. There's a snowbank beside the front porch; she could curl up in it, let the cold carry her off into a quiet, painless death. But Haymitch must see her from his own front window, because he shows up with a pick axe and helps scrape away the frost. She doesn't know why Haymitch has a pick axe lying around, and she doesn't ask. "Thanks," she mumbles, and he trundles back to his house in silence. Weeks pass. The days bleed together; sometimes it snows, sometimes it doesn't. It doesn't matter, because she never leaves the house. Greasy Sae shows up every day with food, so there's no need to venture past the front door. The old woman doesn't say much, but one particularly cold morning she leans back