right back where we started from When the public defender had offered her a place to crash, Katniss hadn't expected much. The woman's coarse, dark hair was streaked through with gray, her cheeks sagging slightly with fatigue and middle age; there was no ring on her finger, and on a PD's salary Katniss guessed she'd be spending the night on a pull-out sofa in a one-bedroom apartment on the nice-ish side of town. She definitely hadn't expected a mansion. "Give me a minute," Hazelle says, and disappears up the winding, manicured walkway to what is apparently her own enormous front door. So Katniss hovers at the foot of the driveway, uncertain, displaced, right on the verge of making a run for it. There are a few cigarettes left in the pocket of her worn leather jacket, and she slips one between her lips even though she hasn't got a lighter, the stale, bitter taste a small comfort. There's a boy outside that night, too, standing at the end of his own driveway, and she doesn't notice him until he's just a few feet away. He's blond, tanned, well-fed. His hand stretches out with a match in offering, and after a moment's hesitation, she leans in. She can feel her heartbeat pulsing through her body, down to the soles of her feet, and the heat of his hands as they cup around the little flame is so close that she can feel it on the skin of her mouth. It's kind of weird, to be honest. "So you come here often?" he says. She tilts her head, eyes him coolly. The way Prim taught her to. "Sorry," he says, not sounding sorry at all. "It's not every day I find a pretty girl loitering at the end of my driveway." "I'm not loitering," she says, determined to ignore the not-very-veiled compliment, the way the corner of his mouth curled up when he said it. "And I'm not in your driveway." The boy smiles. "No, you're right. You're in the Hawthornes' driveway." And in the way he says it, there's a question. Then Katniss blows a smoke ring, straight towards his face, and he's laughing. "So…will you tell me why you're in the Hawthornes' driveway?" Katniss looks at him more closely. His eyes are blue like Prim's, and he's taller than her, but not too tall. She doesn't answer. "What did you say your name was again?" Her eyes narrow. "I didn't." " Katniss!" It's Hazelle calling, and Katniss drops her cigarette, instinctively knowing it won't be welcome in that giant, shiny, (multi?) million-dollar house. "Katniss?" The toe of the boy's shoe finds the glowing butt of the cigarette before her own can, grinding it into the pavement. "That's a pretty name." He doesn't offer his own. Hazelle has a son. His name is Gale, and he's seventeen, the same age as Katniss. Her husband – Gale's father – died when Gale was a little boy. He'd been rich. So that explained the mansion. Katniss likes Gale. He's tall and good-looking, but clearly unaware of it, and he instantly takes to Katniss like she's the sister he never had. (She sort of feels like maybe Gale's the brother she never had, too – but she still doesn't tell him about her own dad.) "I'm glad to finally have someone real around here," he tells her, thumbs tapping a furious pattern over his X-Box controller. Katniss pops a veggie chip into her mouth, washing it down quickly with a swig of orange juice. All the snacks in this house are made of weird, organic shit. "You mean someone poor ," she corrects him. Gale's ears flush red, but his eyes stay trained on the screen. "No…I just mean…" He trails off, distracted by a particularly resilient zombie attacker. "Like, I don't know. You don't give a shit about Louboutins and Kim Kardashian and stuff. It's cool." He does mean poor, but that's okay. Katniss punches him on the shoulder, and smiles. Wednesdays slips into Thursday slides into Friday. She doesn't see the blond boy again, mostly because she barely leaves the house. It's practically a palace. So why would you? Instead she spends most of her time lying on floats in the Hawthornes' infinity pool, playing video games with Gale, and stuffing herself with the weird, organic snacks that actually turn out to be pretty good. She asks Gale about his next door neighbor just once, casually mentioning that she'd spotted a kid their age over the backyard fence, but he's dismissive. "That guy's a dick," is all he says. But she can't hide forever, because then it's Saturday night, and Saturday night is The Capitol City Fall Preview Fashion Show. (That's how they all say it: in Capital Letters, because it's Clearly Very Important.) The dress that Hazelle lends her is two sizes too big, two decades too old and twenty times more expensive than Katniss' entire wardrobe combined. But when Effie Trinket – local socialite, yogalates enthusiast, and professional party-thrower – spies her slinking around the open bar, it's apparently good enough. "My goodness ," the woman crows, long nails clicking together as she spins Katniss around by the shoulders. "These hips are so slim I thought you were a teenage boy in drag. What's your name, darling? No, don't tell me – I love a mystery. You'll look marvelous in the Dior. Come, come." Katniss catches Gale's eye, screwing up her face in a silent plea, but he only grins and wiggles his fingers goodbye. Bastard. There are girls everywhere backstage. Blonde girls, skinny girls, pale girls; they're all clones of the same girl, she's pretty certain, except for the short, spiky-haired one dozing in the corner, swathed in floaty green fabric that suits her about as well as a hoop skirt on a tiger. "Get her in the Dior! The red one!" Effie Trinket proclaims, her fingers locked in a death grip on Katniss' bare shoulder. Suddenly there's a woman tugging down the zipper of her dress; a woman forcing another, brighter, sparklier, heavier dress over her shoulders; a man pulling her hair from its tightly woven braid. "What are you doing?" A younger, shriller voice pipes up from somewhere to her left, and one of the blonde girls pushes her way to Katniss' side, wearing nothing but her panties and a strapless push-up bra. Katniss averts her eyes. "I thought I was wearing the Dior." "Glimmer, I'm sorry, but not with that rear end. Talk to Venia, I'm sure she's got something we can make work." Effie Trinket purses her lips just long enough to convey sympathy, and then she's off, tottering away on her heels towards the hair and makeup tables. Glimmer gets in close to Katniss' face. If looks could kill. "That is my dress," she grits out. She seems to expect some sort of response. "Um," Katniss says. "Who the hell are you?" "Someone who looks a lot better in that dress than your ass would." It's the girl in green, now fully awake and sauntering towards them in bare feet, her eyes flashing. "Fuck off, Glimmer." "Fuck you, Johanna," Glimmer spits back, but she does fuck off, so. "Uh…thanks, I guess," Katniss says, tugging uncomfortably at one of the straps of her dress. The girl, Johanna, doesn't answer at first, her face set in grim satisfaction as she watches Glimmer's bare back disappear into the mill of skinny, pale bodies. "Sure," she finally says, her eyes tilting back to Katniss. She frowns. "Are you a freshman or something?" Katniss shakes her head. "I'm, ah, the Hawthorne cousin," she says. "From…Boston." She's been parroting the white lie all night – necessary, Gale had explained, to head off the panic that would result among the housewife set if they learned a bona fide juvenile delinquent was hidden in their midst, preying on their innocent, wide-eyed children. "The Hawthorne cousin," Johanna repeats. "Okay. Well, good luck out there." The show goes on for at least an hour, but it's little more than a blur of colors and bodies and lights to Katniss. By the time it's all over, she feels like she's been through a war zone. She's still blinking the afterimage of the flashing cameras out of her eyes when she emerges from the backstage area, still swathed in the red Dior dress; the one she'd borrowed from Hazelle is nowhere to be found. Gale's waiting for her by an empty table, drink in hand, and she accepts it gratefully, pleased to find that the ginger ale's been spiked. "I can't find your mom's dress," she says in a rush. Gale shrugs. "Don't worry about it. She won't care. Seriously," he adds at her look of disbelief. "She does not give two shits about her clothes. She just dresses up nice at these things so they don't run her out of town." "You sure?" Katniss presses, only taking another sip once she's been reassured by his emphatic nod. "Ugh. Well, I still want to get out of this thing – can we go now?" Now it's Gale's turn to look guilty. "I, um, I actually thought – well – there's this after party." Katniss finishes her drink with one last, satifying swig, setting the empty glass heavily on the thick white tablecloth. "I thought you hated every single person in this town." "I do," he assures her. "There's just. This girl." "A girl." She so does not need to hear this. "Yeah. Her name's Johanna, and –" "Wait. Johanna? " "Yeah. Johanna. Wait – you know her?" "Yeah. Well, kind of. Not really." She explains their backstage encounter, conveniently leaving out the part where she's 99 percent sure Johanna would eat Gale alive, given the chance. "Perfect." Gale grins, rubbing his hands together in delight. "You know me, you know Johanna, it's a party, let's go!" Relevant facts Gale had conveniently left out of his invitation to the party: 1. It was at an enormous beach house over a thirty minute drive away. 2. Said house was owned by the parents of Glimmer Fischer. 3. Seriously. It was Glimmer's party. 4. Gale didn't technically have the authority to invite Katniss to the party, because Gale technically wasn't invited to the party himself. "She's probably too high to even notice you're here," Gale shouts over the loud chatter and thumping dubstep as Katniss sulks in a corner of the kitchen. "Look!" Katniss follows the arc of his pointer finger. Glimmer is standing barefoot on a glass coffee table in a bikini, her back to them, jerking her body somewhat in time with the rhythm of the music as smoke trails from a blunt dangling between her fingers. Fair enough. She looks really high. "Cool, then it's the perfect time to just slip out unnoticed," Katniss says, keeping her arms folded over her chest. Gale's shoulders slump a little, and he lowers his voice. "I'm sorry I dragged you here. It's just…it's going to be senior year, and I've gone my whole life without speaking to Johanna, and –" "Hold up." Katniss narrows her eyes. "You've never even spoken to her?" "Well, there was this one time in study hall –" "I can't even deal with you right now. I'm going outside." Great decision, Katniss thinks, inhaling a deep breath of salty beach air. She wiggles her toes in the sand and only hesitates a moment before plopping down altogether, stretching her legs out before her. Fuck this party. Fuck this dress. Fuck this place . She thinks of home – of her mother, distant and vacant; of Prim, confident and cool and probably already ruling the Twelfth District Correctional Institute for Women by now, all the other drug runners and embezzlers and attempted car thieves wrapped around her little finger. She thinks of how close she came to ending up in juvenile detention herself, and how she'd be there now if it weren't for Hazelle Hawthorne's bleeding