My mother frowns, prodding at the heel of my foot. I jerk it away with a wince. "I think it's broken. At least a week on bedrest," she says. "Maybe longer." A whining noise escapes my throat as I drop my head back onto my pillow. Fantastic. A week in bed with a broken foot, completely useless while rebellion simmers around the country. "You want breakfast?" she continues, tucking the covers back up under my chin. I nod. At this point, my stomach feels like it's eating itself. "Okay, I'll bring something up. Are cheese biscuits okay?" Cheese biscuits are more than okay – but she'd have to run all the way across town to the bakery to get them. I shake my head. "It's okay, I can just eat whatever we've got in the kitchen." She smiles a little. "We've got them in the kitchen. Peeta brought them over this morning. He didn't want to wake you up." "Oh." I'm surprised, and a little annoyed. A part of me wishes he'd stayed – I'm not looking forward to spending the whole day by myself or making awkward conversation with my mother. But it's already noon, and Peeta rises so early most mornings he was probably here by sunrise. "I'll bring it up in just a minute. Don't go anywhere," she jokes weakly. I just roll my eyes. Breakfast is hot chamomile tea and cheese biscuits warmed up in the oven. I devour four in a row – they're that good – and only regret it a little when my stomach starts to protest minutes later. Mom returns to my bedroom an hour later with a wicker basket. "I thought you might want something to occupy yourself while you're stuck in bed," she explains, settling onto the edge of the mattress beside me. I scoot myself up against the headboard to peer into the basket. It's full of yarn – dozens of balls of fuzzy, multi-colored yarn. "This looks like it might be better suited to Buttercup," I say drily. Mom shakes her head as she pulls two long, wooden needles from the bottom of the basket. "Where'd this come from?" "Cinna included it with all those fabrics he sent for your fashion talent." Of course. My "talent." That explains why I've never seen the basket of yarn before. "Do you still remember how to knit?" I do, vaguely; she'd taught me one winter, a year or two ago, in one of her occasional attempts to get me interested in anything but hunting in the woods. "Sort of." "Well, here, I'll show you again…" she begins, picking out a ball of blue yarn. "First you make the slipknot –" "Wait," I interrupt. She watches patiently as I pull the wicker basket closer and close my fingers around the orange yarn instead. It had caught my eye as soon as she'd set the basket down onto the bed – probably because it stands out bright against the dark blues and greens and browns that dominate the selection. Mom shows me how to create a slipknot with the soft orange yarn, and casts on enough stitches to make a scarf. She knits the first row, then watches me carefully as I complete the second. There's some kind of muscle memory at work, because the motions come fairly easily, though I'd never gotten very good at this in the past. "I think you've got the hang of it," she says after I've knit a few rows in silence. I don't answer, concentrating so intently on the needles that I don't even notice she's left the room until the door clicks shut behind her. My mother was right: It's nice to have something to do with my hands when I'm immobile in bed all day. But after an hour I've managed to produce less than an inch of the scarf, and I give up in frustration. I'm sore and tired, anyway, and I spend most of the afternoon drifting in and out of sleep. The night, though… It's unbearable. By the time my door creaks open the next morning, I'm in the worst mood possible. "Go away," I grumble, rolling onto my side to face away from the intruder. The voice that answers isn't what I was expecting. "Oh, sorry." I know that it's Peeta before I can even crane my neck around to see him. "No, wait," I say. "I'm sorry. I thought you were my mom." Peeta laughs, taking a hesitant step towards me. "Hi." "Hi," I reply, pushing a stray lock of hair behind my ear. I must look like a mess, after tossing and turning all night. But it's not like Peeta's never seen me this way before. I have no reason to feel self-conscious. "How are you feeling?" he asks, lowering himself into the chair beside my bed. I think of the other night, when he'd held my hand, clasped between both of his own, until the sleep syrup carried me off into a deep, dreamless sleep. It's a nice memory, a comforting one, and I feel a little better as I remember how safe and relaxed I'd felt at that moment. "Okay," I say, shifting the pillows behind me so I can sit upright. "My mom said my heel's broken, so I'm stuck here for at least a week, probably more." Peeta frowns sympathetically, nodding his head. "Yeah, she told me. I'm sorry. That must've been some slippery ice." So he hasn't forgotten the lie I'd told about how I injured myself – and I can tell that he wants to know what I was really doing that landed me in such a mess. But we both know that if any room in this house is bugged, it's definitely my bedroom. That conversation won't be happening until I'm back on my feet and out of the Victor's Village entirely. I don't answer, and he seems to take the hint. "I brought more cheese buns over," he continues, switching to a safer topic. "Your mom said they perked you up yesterday." I raise an eyebrow at his admission. "She did?" "I already knew you loved my cheese buns," he says confidently, and it prompts a short laugh from me. "Then why'd you come up here empty handed?" And then – because he's Peeta – he sits up instantly, ready to run downstairs and bring me a plateful of pastries. "Shoot. I'm sorry, I –" "No, no," I say quickly, reaching out to grab his hand before he can move any further away. "I'm kidding. I'm not even hungry yet." It's a lie – I could eat another four cheese buns right now, easily – but I don't want Peeta running around my house to fetch me meals, like an Avox servant in the Capitol. "You sure?" he presses, waiting for my nod before he sits down in the chair again. Our hands are still clasped between us, stretching his arm out, and he leans towards me slightly rather than letting go. "Do you have plans today?" I ask him. One shoulder lifts in a shrug. "Not really. I told my dad I might stop by the bakery, but my mom doesn't really want me around. Thinks I'm bad for business." He says it lightly, like it's funny that his own mother won't even let her son hang around the home where he grew up because she fears they might lose a few bread sales. I squeeze his hand sympathetically. "That's ridiculous." He smiles sadly. "Anyway, I'm pretty much free." I don't know what's stopping me, but I can't just come out and ask him to spend the day with me. After everything we've been through lately, it just seems…unfair. But it doesn't change the fact that I desperately want him to stay; that I can't spend another day in bed alone, with no one to speak to all day but my mother, and nothing to think about but all the danger we're in. Luckily, Peeta seems to be thinking the same thing – and he'snot too chicken to say it. "D'you…I mean, I could keep you company today. If you want?" I give him a small smile. "That would be nice." Peeta heads home, promising to return with his sketchbook and colored inks. I occupy myself with my knitting again, cursing under my breath each time I drop a stitch or poke myself with the needles. It's going to be a scarf, this thing I'm knitting, mostly because I don't know how to make anything else. And even though I'm using only the most basic stitch, I'm oddly proud of the little half-inch of progress I've already made. I study it carefully, stretching it out with my fingers, baffled by the idea that these intricate loops are really just a single, continuous thread of yarn, knotted around itself over and over again. I hear Peeta's heavy footsteps after a little less than an hour. He knocks before entering, flashing me a warm smile as he sets the bag in his hand on top of my desk, which sits a few feet away from the bed. "You know how to knit?" he asks, gesturing to the heap of needles and yarn in my lap. "Kind of. My mom tried to teach me." I set the scarf aside and boost myself up, propping my pillows against the headboard, only wincing a little as my tailbone aches in protest. "What did you bring?" "Not much," Peeta replies, turning his attention to the bag on the desk. He pulls out a notebook, then a little set of brushes and a pot of ink. He brushes his fingers against the notebook, thinking, then asks, "Do you want to see?" "Sure," I tell him, though I'm wary of what lies between the covers. The paintings he'd shown me on the Victory Tour train were so visceral, so disturbing, and I don't want to see anything that reminds me of the games right now. Not when I have to face the long nights alone. Peeta sits in the chair at my bedside, tilting the notebook for me to see, but the angle is awkward and uncomfortable. After a moment's hesitation I scoot over, making room on the mattress beside me. "This might…work better," I say quietly. Peeta just nods and joins me on the bed, careful to keep a few inches of space between us. I can't help but think of all the nights we'd spent entwined together, first in our cave, then on the train. A sudden ache seizes up in my chest before I can chase it away. I'm relieved by what he shows me; these sketches are nothing like the paintings he'd created for the Victory Tour. They're birds, trees, flowers, people; some in bold black ink, others in soft, smudged graphite, a few bright with splashes of color. There's a watercolor sunset, orange and pink and purple, and a carefully rendered profile of his father, who must have sat in place while his son drew him. Peeta flips quickly through a few of the pages, and I pretend not to notice that they're full of sketches of me. I'm not exactly sure why he's embarrassed – after all, he showed me dozens of pictures he painted of me on the train. But in an odd way, these drawings are more intimate than the ones that were showcased on the Capitol. Those paintings were about clearing his mind, chasing away something he didn't want there. These drawings seem more like things he's trying to hang onto. "These are lovely, Peeta," I tell him honestly. "Thanks." He flips to a fresh page and stands up from the bed. "I'm not really –" "Oh." I interrupt him suddenly, an idea hitting me. "I just thought – you like drawing plants, and things?" Peeta nods. I explain my family's plant book: an old, yellowing tome of parchment and ink, started by an herbalist on my mother's