she's not there Peeta Mellark still remembers the first time he'd had his palm read. He remembers the heavy weight of the coins in his hand, his older brothers snickering as they pushed him through the beaded curtain and into the dimly lit tent. You have to go in alone , they teased, ruffling his shaggy blond hair. What are you, chicken? "I'm not chicken," he said fiercely, hoping that the shaking in his legs wouldn't betray him. He stepped haltingly to the little table, where an old woman sat with a flickering candle before her, and dumped his coins on the tabletop in front of him. One rolled off the table and he bent to pick it up, but her voice stopped him: "Leave it." If she had a name, it had worn off the sign above the entrance to her tent years ago. Her skin was wrinkled and paper-thin, bright blue veins criss-crossing from her fingertips all the way to the crook of her elbow, where they disappeared under the dark, velvety sleeves of her blouse. To seven-year-old Peeta she was impossibly ancient, her age the only proof he needed of her magic. Peeta sat in the chair across from her and she grasped his hand, her grip much stronger than she looked. Her yellowed nails were long and they tickled across his palm. "Average life line," she murmured. She lifted her gaze and studied him, and Peeta stared back, frozen in place by her watery green eyes. "You know pain. Very well." Peeta swallowed, unable to move. "That won't end…" She traced a finger across his palm. "You love too easily." Then the candle blew out. In the darkness Peeta jerked back in shock, and her long fingers snapped around his wrist like the jaws of a metal trap, capturing its prey. "Don't." Her nails dug into his skin and he cried out softly. "Do not follow her into the tent. It will bring you nothing but pain." Peeta wrenched his hand from her grasp and backed away, knocking his chair over into the dirt with a soft thud. "Don't you do it, Peeta Mellark," she continued, her voice growing louder. "Do not go into that tent! Do not go -" Peeta fled from the tent in a panic, gasping in lungfuls of the cool night air, tears streaming down his reddened face. His brothers rushed to his side, suddenly kind and sympathetic, knowing they'd be punished if their parents found out how they'd frightened young Peeta. "I told you he's too little," hissed Brody, the middle child. Ned elbowed him away, grabbing Peeta by the arms. "You okay, Peet? What'd she say to you?" Ned sighed, pulling his younger brother in for a hug. "She's just a crazy old lady, Peeta. Everyone knows she's crazy. When I was eleven she told me I only had a year to live, and look, I'm still here." Peeta didn't answer, just stood there crying in the nice shirt his mother had dressed him in and the shiny shoes that pinched his feet, and that was how their parents found him a half-hour later when they tracked down the boys to take them home. Ma dragged Ned and Brody nearly all the way home by their ears, but Pa had hoisted Peeta up onto his broad shoulders and carried his youngest son home, keeping a distance behind the others. Peeta stopped crying about halfway home, but he didn't answer his father's quiet questions or laugh at his jokes. And as he drifted off to sleep that night, snuggled under the covers beside his toy cat, he realized in the hazy recesses of his mind that he'd never actually told the old woman his name. A young woman and her sister join up with the carnival on a Tuesday, somewhere around the New Mexico-Texas border. It's fall, but nothing about the day suggests that winter is coming - the ground is just as dry and cracked as it was in the middle of July, the trees just as dead. The older girl looks about Peeta's age, 19 or 20, and her black hair falls in a long braid down her back. The other is three or four years younger, the physical opposite of her sister, soft blue eyes and cornsilk hair and pale, pale skin. "I'll bet anything that's her daughter," Enobaria says knowingly, curling a finger through the coarse auburn hair of her beard. "Ain't look nothing like her sister." Peeta rolls his eyes. "She's too young. And if she don't look like her sister, why would she look like her daughter?" "Daddy could be someone fair," she answers, eyeing his dirty blond hair. "Someone like you." Peeta ignores the implication, his eyes trained steadily on the older girl as she pulls a trunk up the steps into her trailer. He wonders briefly if she's the new girl they've hired to dance, and feels ashamed when his groin stirs slightly in response. "What's her name?" "Hell if I know," Enobaria replies coolly, exhaling from her cigarette, and walks away. "Cat...Catherine?" Delly guesses. "Something like that." "Hey. I know that girl," Gale says, coming up beside them. "I swear I know that girl." Peeta looks at him in disbelief. "How?" "Back home in West Virginia. Our mothers were friends, until they moved away. Must've been ten, eleven years ago at least." Gale whistles low under his breath. "Sure has grown up since then." "Oh, Gale," Delly whispers rapturously, clasping her hands together beneath her dimpled chin. "Maybe it's a sign. Here we are, thousands of miles away, and you run into a childhood friend. Maybe you're meant to be together!" "Yeah, maybe," Gale jokes, grinning at Peeta. Peeta smiles back, but the knot in his stomach disagrees. Gale's a magician, clever and roguish and devastatingly handsome in the black suit he wears at night on the stage. Girls swoon for him. "So, what's her name?" Peeta asks again. "Katniss." "Katniss," Peeta repeats, liking the way it rolls off his tongue in a hiss. He's never heard of anyone named Katniss; but then a lot of people say that about the name Peeta, too. Gale brushes the dust off his trousers the best he can and runs a hand through his thick, dark hair. "I'm gonna go say hi," he says, and sets off for Katniss' trailer. Peeta watches him go, clouds of dirt and dust kicking up in his wake. Katniss Everdeen is a knife thrower, it turns out, and her younger sister Primrose is her assistant. ( Sister , Peeta mouths triumphantly at Enobaria.) They keep to themselves that first day, eating their supper on the steps of their trailer, though Peeta notices Primrose's longing looks towards the big picnic tables in the mess tent where most of the crew gathers at mealtime. He thinks about walking over and introducing himself, but before he can summon the courage, Gale joins them on the steps. The first time Peeta sees Katniss smile it's as Gale leans back and whispers something in her ear, long legs stretched out before him. It's radiant, and the pang he feels in his chest is sharp and real. Gone , Peeta thinks. I'm gone. The carnival stops to set up shop two days later, on the edge of a sleepy little town called Clayton. Some of the crew grumble - fuckin' middle of fuckin' nowhere, sumbitch's lost his mind down the neck of a bottle these days - but Haymitch stands his ground, and Peeta sets the rousties to work pitching the tents. It's a hot day, unnaturally so, and those who aren't slinging trunks and pitching tents are slouched and silent among the trailers, clothes unbuttoned, damp cloths heavy around their necks. Johanna and Cashmere lean against one of the trucks, their slips damp and see-through with sweat, leering at the workers who trundle past. In the mess tent Gale flicks through a tattered deck of cards, playing a game of solitaire. Mags reclines in a folding chair, her wrinkled feet submerged in a pot of water, her snake wrapped lazily around her calf. Finnick's draped over the steps of the trailer he shares with Annie, muscled and tan in the tight sea green swim shorts he wears in his tank; she's perched at his feet, reading tarot cards in the dust, unaware of the longing looks Enobaria shoots from across the way. Peeta sees them all, this band of twisted, fucked up freaks who exist for these sleepy little towns only as long as their tracks are still visible in the dirt. But the one he's looking for is Katniss. He finds her, alone, practicing in one of the empty tents in the northeast corner of the grounds. There's a wooden wheel set up in the tent, painted red and black like a checkerboard, and the knives sink into it one by one, each with a satisfying thud. Peeta could go in, finally introduce himself, maybe tell a joke. But something stops him, and instead he watches her from behind a tent flap that rustles gently in the breeze, unheard and unseen. Until a knife rips through the fabric a hair's breadth from his head and lodges into the wooden pole beyond it, that is. He stumbles back, nearly tripping over his own feet, heart pounding in his ears. Katniss is staring at him from the center of the tent, fist clenched around another knife. Slowly, mockingly, she takes a bow. "Good aim," Peeta manages to sputter. "Not good enough," she replies, turning back to the practice target. The next knife sinks into the outer edge of the canvas, and Peeta realizes that she's not throwing the blades randomly - she's creating a perfect, five-point star shape on the target. "Is there a reason you're spying on me?" Her back is still facing him, and it takes Peeta just a second too long to realize she's actually addressing him. His mouth is dry, and she continues before he can respond. "I know. You think I should be up on stage in my drawers, dancing the cooch, right?" "No." His voice is firm but he stays where he is, hovering on the edge of the tent. "I think you're exactly where you ought to be. I've never seen anyone handle a knife the way you do." Peeta swallows. "Where'd you learn to throw like that?" Katniss pauses for a long moment, her hand frozen above the little stand where her remaining knives rest, all shiny in a row. "None of your business." The next knife hits the target hard, dead center, and then the next, and the next; she shows no sign of stopping. Peeta takes it as his cue to leave, and heads back out to check on the rousties, pulse still racing with adrenaline. For five years, Peeta has operated the ferris wheel. He can tell when it's someone's first time, when they feel light and free like they're flying, and he lets it spin round and round for what feels like forever; he stops it short when he senses a child's terror or a drunk man's dinner coming back up. And when a young couple slides into their seat, hands tangled together, eyes dewy with lust, he stops them at the very top, closer to the moon than even love could ever bring them. But that night, he tasks Thom with the giant metal beast, telling him he's got to go make sure everything's working properly for the new act. Thom smiles and drawls "Okay, Peet," and Peeta doesn't care, because he's got butterflies in his stomach like he hasn't felt in years, or maybe ever. And when Peeta slips into that tent at the northeast corner of the grounds, he learns that Katniss Everdeen doesn't just throw knives - she throws them on fire . At her sister. He watches from the back of the crowded tent, invisible in the shadows,