This is a Harry Potter AU One-Shot with an interesting difference: What if Voldemort had been a smart Dark Lord? And now, let's start! It was a chilly night at Hogwarts. It was Christmas and many students decided to go back to their homes and enjoy the holiday with their families. Just few preferred to remain in the castle. Some were Ravenclaws, that wanted to start and finish some preparations for their NEWTs. All from the other so called 'light houses', Gryffindor and Hufflepuff were those who went back to their warm houses. Slytherin too was no exception, since many purebloods were accustomed to have important balls at their majestic mansions, attempting to secure alliances and loyalties with other heirs from noble families. Only one of those decided to stay at Hogwarts. Tom Marvolo Riddle was by no means a pureblood. Heck, he thought he was a muggleborn since he was raised in a orphanage. But that all changed because of a potion. Yes, Tom had always been obsessed of his parents. Even though, he was sure they were dead, he wanted to know who they were. That's when, after using several favours that he had with Abraxas Malfoy, he smuggled an Heritage potion. The result was acceptable . His mother was a witch, Merope Gaunt. He remembered very little of his dear mother. The matron back at the orphanage said that she died giving birth to him and wanted the best for him. Love was something that Tom craved in his first years of life. But life was a cruel mistress and Tom found out early of how much harsh the world was. Nobody with good intentions was able to achieve their dreams. That's why his mother died. Her husband was a pathetic muggle that beared the same name of the young teen. Another thing he had confirmed was his Slytherin's connection. The Gaunts were a branch of the Slytherin family that had all withered to just two members. Tom and his dear uncle Morfin. The latter was barely human, with all his deformations and from an old Aurors' report, he was cruel to his sister, Tom's mother, and was imprisoned for using magic on muggles. With his Slytherin heritage confirmed, Tom decided to proceed with the next step for his plan. His Ambition . In his seven years at Hogwarts, Tom had learnt much of the wizarding world. The people, or sheeple as the boy as long ago decided to call them, were complacent with their status and most of the traditions were old, middle-age old. Tom understood the potential untapped that the wizards had. They were meant to succeed. To strive and become the ultimate beings. But Tom was neither foolish nor insane. He knew the importance of muggles in restoring the 'magic' into the old, inbreed families. Muggleborns represented the face of reform with their need to develop magic true potential. So Tom proclaimed himself as the avant-garde of the New Magical World Order. No more corruption or inefficiencies. No more blood status' differences. He will be the one to forge a new world. He was sure of it. No, better. He knew it! Anyway, he found himself knocking at the head of the Slytherin House's door. The door opened, revealing the man. He was particularly round with a face that made him see almost child-like. Horace Slughorn, of course, was not a child-man. His careful selection of potential important characters made him the perfect manipulator. But he was too much good and used very little his own connections. Tom was accepted in the Slugclub in his second year, showing great capacity in all subjects. "Oh, Hello Tom. How may I help you, my boy?" He seemed a little surprised at seeing one of his favourite students still at Hogwarts, thinking that he would have gone with one of his Slytherin 'friends'. "Professor, I know it seems a bit inopportune but... I may have something to discuss with you, sir." Tom's face perfectly resembled an innocent facade, mastered during his years at the orphanage. "Sure Tom, here.. come inside.". Tom entered the room and stopped by the fireplace. The fire exuded magic, indicating it was a Floo too. Slughorn moved behind Tom and grabbed a bottle of Firewhiskey and a glass. "Do you want some, Tom?" Tom gave him a negative response and waited for the professor to sit down. "As I was asking, how may I help you Tom?" Tom felt a small smile creeping, seeing the man starting to get influenced by the alcohol and feeling his occlumency barrier weakening. "Professor, I had the... possibility to visit the restricted section of the library-" Slughorn intercepted "Oh yes, I know how much you are studious Tom, but beware of certain dark books." Tom nodded and continued his elaborated question. "Professor, while researching, I found an interesting word... it was.. Horcrux..." Once that word came out of Tom's mouth, Slughorn paled and seemed almost ready to faint. "Tom, that's dark magic. You should be reading about that !" Tom felt intrigued by the response and reaction, but pressed on. "Sir, I by no mean want to use such foul magic, it's just a curiosity of mine." Slughorn calmed a bit "An... Horcrux ... is the foulest and darkest magic ever. Because for someone to create one..." the old professor hesitated and Tom decided to not press him too much, seeing the seriousness the older man was emanating. "... you have to kill a living being! Killing by magic is as worse as drinking unicorn's blood." Tom then asked, having lost his patience "What if... someone created seven-" Slughorn almost jumped "SEVEN?! Killing once is horrible but... killing seven innocents is monstrous, Tom." Tom felt satisfied and was about to get dismissed... but a small voice, a quiet thought stopped him. He decided to ask just another question, something actually serious and important. "What about the sanity of the creator?" Slughorn was still shocked but replied "Nobody that has created a Horcrux has retained their original sanity, some even lost part of their knowledge." While Tom maintained his external composure, internally he was raging. Years of planning gone, destroyed by that particular. While he wanted immortality, he wanted to preserve his almost perfect mind. He needed to find a solution to this. But he needed a convenient one, not a easy one. "Thank you for answering my doubts, professor." Tom started to move towards the door. "But I need to go now, I have to finish my multi-subject project." Slughorn was staring at the fireplace, deep in his thoughts. "Yes... Tom, you may go...". Closing the door, Tom started to find a resolution to this annoying delay. ...2 years later... Tom huffed, maybe his plan was just more difficult than he thought. When he had finished Hogwarts, many foresaw a shining path towards a good ministry job with a decent wage and even better pension. His first step in adulthood had been shocking. Nobody would have expected Tom Riddle, greatest prodigy of the period, becoming a worker under Borgin & Burke in Knockturn Alley. Many of his old companion in Slytherin, first Abraxas Malfoy, tried to get in Tom's graces by giving him other work offers, better work offers. But Tom was a Slytherin, literally and metaphorically, and saw the benefits in working under Mr. Borgin: Many of the clients there were in the shop to sell important dark artefacts and most of the time Tom had been sent to buy those from important houses. Just few hours ago, he had to obtain a particular object. Not truly a dark artefact, the Slytherin's locket was still a family heirloom. He was quite surprised on learning how the locket found itself under the possession of a old witch. She was very relaxed with the company of such young and handsome man and decided to spill out that interesting story. She told him of how the shopper that sold it to her that it was bought by a naive and nervous almost squib witch, just 19 years. ' How peculiar... ' Tom mused darkly, knowing that that witch had been her mother. Tom felt almost enraged by the tone of the elder woman in describing his parent. But Tom knew that acting aggressively would have made him a suspect. While he could have elaborated a plan to use the woman's house elf as a scapegoat, he was sure that other important 'enemies' like the new headmaster Dumbledore, his previous Transfiguration teacher, would have tried to find something, a clue of his implication. What many didn't knew was that Tom's first job appliance had been as DADA's professor at Hogwarts. Dumbledore's response was legitimate, but that did stop Tom from being suspicious of the vanquisher of Grindelwald. "You're too much young, Tom. Re-Apply in 5 years or so and will surely secure the position." While growing up at the orphanage, Tom had learnt how to caught certain emotions that were used or restrained when someone talked. Dumbledore was almost convincing the boy of his good will. Almost being the keyword, Tom was not trustworthy of that old man. When he had first meet the elder, he felt almost labelled as a monster. Sure, Tom did many wrong things during his time at the orphanage, but classifying him so much quickly and resolutely was... curious . So, knowing that he would have been unable to beat the headmaster, Tom bid his time. The locket was hidden in his disillusioned satchel. Officially, it got destroyed during a fight between the old woman's house elf and a thief, Tom was just about to knock at the door when the criminal escaped. ' What a pity... ' a smile crept in his face. ' Soon... I will achieve what I am meant to be!' Returning to the shop, Tom gave to his 'boss' his resignation letter. While the letter was very short and no good motivation was explained, Tom just had to put a compulsion charm on it and the trick was done. The next step of his glorious was about to start and he felt giddy. Who wouldn't , learning from the last greatest Dark Lord was going to be... Great ! ...8 years later... Tom felt tired. The training under Grindelwald had been a nightmare. His discovery of the status of Grindelwald had been all thanks to the old Dark Lord's rival, Dumbledore. Putting on him an almost invisible tracking charm, Tom had been interested in seeing his old teacher apparating in Nurmengard, Grindelwald's old fortress. Convincing Grindelwald of his ambition had been nerve-wracking. Under the pressure of a massive Legilimens assault had been painful, almost like the Cruciatus. The old wizard smirked and Tom remembered the sentence that summarised the next 8 years of training. "Welcome to hell, Tom Riddle". After eight years of painful workouts and learning the most obscure arts of magic, Tom felt mighty. Not enough to achieve immortality, but he was definitely stronger than Grindelwald and on par with Dumbledore. Only problem that made a possible duel with the elder man was his wand, the deathstick, one of the Deathly Hallows. Tom discovered the truth about the Hallows and thought of those as a mean to obtain invincibility and control of Death itself. But Tom knew better, he planned to battle the old headmaster, just not in a duel. No, Tom planned to ascend to a great position with great strategy and charisma. When he returned to Great Britain, his first stop had been Malfoy's Manor. Abraxas was so much overjoyed by his good ally, that he showed him his heir, Lucius. The boy was meant represent the picture of the perfect pureblood by being a spoilt and arrogant brat. He was the perfect tool under Lord Slytherin. Yes, Tom had initially decided to be call himself as 'Lord Voldemort', but after so many years under harsh physical and mental training, he saw how much foolish he