Title : Faith's Tale Author : King of Arcadia Pairing(s) : Lily/James, Gregory/?, Harry/?, Agnar(OC)/Alfonso(OC) Warnings : OCs, slytherin!Harry, Harry isn't the BWL, Harry has a twin, implied mpreg (indirect, not described, so no worries.) Disclaimer : I don't own a anything in this except for the OCs. SUMMARY : Lily and James give up Harry when they believe that he is a squib. They leave him on Petunia's doorstep, but the Dursley can't take in Harry, so they go their way to send the small newborn to a relative of theirs that is still alive. (EDITED ON 10 JAN '16) It was the beginning of August, Petunia Dursley was nursing her young baby. She was still weak and fragile even if the birth was a few months ago. She was so proud of the birth of her baby boy. She gently brushed Dudley's hair as she gazed upon the baby. Nothing could ruin this wonderful start of Fall. Until, the distant cry coming from the front door. Petunia wondered what the sound was, it was surely not her Dudley or her husband who was still sleeping upstairs. She laid Dudley down in his crib as she made her way downstairs. The sound got louder. She opened the door and looked until she peered down. A small basket holding a baby that looked like a newborn, who seemed to be barely born yesterday was sitting on her porch steps. It was crying its heart out and holding onto a blanket. She could see pieces of paper underneath the small child. She carefully picked up the basket and moved it inside to settle it on the couch. It took a while to stop the child from crying, the child simply cried itself to sleep. Vernon had waked up because of the sound, he moved downstairs to see what his wife had found. "Who in their good mind would leave this child on our porch?!" Vernon asked in slight anger. Petunia looked at the papers and found a letter that was writing to her. "It seems like it's a letter from her." Petunia hissed out the last word. She opened it. In the letter written by Lily Potter, she explains to her sister that her youngest son was not like them. She called the child a squib. She and James didn't want her youngest to have an awful life because that he couldn't magic, so Dumbledore had suggested that they should send their son to the Dursleys. The letter was short and rushed as if wanted to get rid off. Petunia couldn't believe her own eyes, her own sister would abandon her child, simply because they child didn't have magic. She didn't know how the wizarding world was, but abandoning a child for a lack of something seemed awful. Petunia thought. This simply added to the mild hate she had towards Lily, this was awful. "Vernon, I can't believe it, that sister of mine! Sending her child away after his birth, when learning he might not be a wizard!" Petunia said. "He's simply a day old, I don't know how their hospital work, but shouldn't they be patient? Why did she immediately get rid of her child?" "The way you say that, I'd rather that we don't keep that, that thing." Vernon said as he glared at the newborn. We need to get rid of it, I think there's an orphanage nearby. We already have our Dudley to care for, we don't need that too." "The sooner we get rid of him, the sooner we can relax. Maybe not an orphanage." Petunia said. Petunia wondered that maybe in the future, the child might have magic and Lily had made a mistake. She remembered someone. "I know someone that could take him in." Petunia remembered at that moment a family reunion, she was around twelve years old while Lily was two years younger. Their mother had discovered information on someone from their family. She quickly rushed and sent them letters, until they finally decided that they should meet. Their mother was excited to see this person and their family. They learned that it was their mother's older sister that left home a long time ago and lost contact with. They met the Durant. Their mother's older sister was a slim woman with black hair named Daffodil Evans Durant, she married a man named Dominique Durant who had blond hair and blue eyes. Daffodil and Dominique had three children: Alfonso Locust, Adelita Holly, and Imelda Alyssum. She remembered especially Alfonso, Alfonso was fifteen, but he looked quite young and was very quiet, unlike his sisters. The Durant siblings all had their father's blond hair, but Alfonso shared Daffodil's green eyes and her freckles while the two girls had their father's eyes but their mother's slim figure. She'll always remember when they showed up for the family meeting. They had a radiance that made them look out of place in Cokeworth. Mrs Evans had insisted for the children to go out and play. The girls excitingly spoke with one and another as they made their way out to where they could play without it being gloomy. Alfonso would simply quietly trail behind them. They found a quiet spot and secluded place to play. Alfonso sat on the ground against a wall, he wore clean clothes but didn't care much of the dust that may have gathered. They got bored and went to sit in a circle where Alfonso was sitting. They started a conversation about pretty much anything. They were speaking about their friends at school and back home. Lily started speaking about her friend Severus. Adelita and Imelda spoke about their friends in their dance class. Alfonso simply sat still and stayed quiet. Petunia found him quite odd. She thought that maybe he didn't want to be here and only came to supervise. It didn't take long until Imelda slipped out something about magic, Alfonso sent a glare at his younger sister. Imelda and Adelita shushed their older brother and insisted on telling their cousins. Lily was amazed and asked if they were serious. Lily talked to them about the odd things she did and the Durant girls were surprised. Petunia at her young age was also amazed. They quickly became close friends. Alfonso let his sisters and cousins babble about magic. Petunia learned about a school for magic and the Durant girls insisted that their older brother showed them magic to the Evans girls. Alfonso agreed and shared a small spell he knew, he held out his hand in middle of the circle. He held with his palm open. A small spark flickered then he took his hand back to his side. That was the first time Petunia had seen magic. When the Durant Siblings had to go, they promised to share each other letters. That was the last time Petunia had ever seen the Durant Family. Along the years until Lily had received her letter to Hogwarts, they would share letters. Alfonso was always kind enough to answer to Petunia's questions about magic, he was a very detailed writer and tried his best to explain. Imelda spoke of her adventures and her writing seemed messy and quick. Adelita shared knowledge and was the best person for advice. Lily was more interested in speaking with Adelita and Imelda, she thought Alfonso was too cold. Petunia enjoyed speaking with Alfonso. She'll always remember the last letter she got from Alfonso, it was the day that she turned her back against magic and ignored the last letter from Alfonso. She never sent a reply and Alfonso never wrote back. She remembered the unopened letter that sat in the bottom of a box, it wasn't the usual address, unlike his sister who still had the same address, Alfonso had moved and his last name was different. After that moment Petunia took to remember. She went upstairs to get a box and came back down. Once she found the letter, she hoped it was still the same and she hoped that Alfonso still lived there. "Here. Send this child, here." Petunia said as she gave the letter to her husband who roughly took it. "The West Country? That's far, far enough I guess." Vernon said. "We could take a trip also. We'll leave by the end of this week, I'll give my notice of absence at work." By the end of the week, Petunia took care of Lily's child and of her Dudley. Vernon simply ignored Lily's child. The birth certificate, that was in the basket, was empty. There was barely anything in the basket that Lily's child was in, but for a picture of her, James and two boys. It didn't take long for them to be on their way. The trip was long, but the scenery distracted Petunia of the events. She thought of what if she took this differently, how would her life be? She thought about Lily, was Lily that bitter to abandon her own child after a day of his birth? So much has changed. She quickly wrote a letter to Alfonso explaining the situation. She hoped for the best, that Alfonso wouldn't pull the same stunt as Lily. They arrived not long, they found the house where Alfonso now reside, it was outside of a village. They parked in front of the cottage and Petunia went out with the child. Vernon didn't want to go in with her as he stayed with Dudley who started crying. The sound was muffled when she left the car. She made her way towards the door and knocked. The door quickly opened and she didn't see anyone. She looked down and saw a blond haired boy with grey eyes who looked around four. "Who are you, ma'am?" He asked quietly. "Hello, I'm searching for a certain Alfonso Salem? He has blond hair like yours and green eyes." Petunia asked the small child. "Père?" The child ran upstairs and came back down as he dragged a blond haired man. "What is it, Mord?" The man's voice was Alfonso as he arrived at the front door. He looked at Petunia. "Pet? Nice seeing you, but may I ask what are you doing here? I thought you wanted to cut contact." Alfonso said. Alfonso looked feminine, he was exactly like Dominique, but he was slimmer and his hair was longer. "I-I'm so sorry. I can't stay long." Petunia shoved the basket into his arm and ran towards the car. Once she got in, Vernon quickly drove away. Alfonso awkwardly stood there with no clue as to what happened. "...What?" Alfonso said. Alfonso looked down and saw a blanket with a letter. The blanket moved. Alfonso jumped. He quickly closed the door and went into his living room and settled the basket on the coffee table. He lifted the blanket. "What the... Morty? Wait, no. this isn't Morty. I was just upstairs with Morty?" Alfonso told his son Mordred to quickly get his father and tell him to get Mortimer. A dark skinned man with hair that was tied in a bun quickly rushed upstairs and came back down with Mortimer. Mortimer was quietly sleeping in the man's arm. "Uh... Dear, did we left a baby back in the Hospital when we had Morty?" Alfonso asked his husband. "No, we didn't. Who's that?" The man sat near the coffee table, he was sitting on the floor. "Agnar, I have no idea." Alfonso replied as he sat down on the floor and lifted the baby to get the letter. Alfonso read the letter. It was confirmed that it was Petunia that was at his front door. Apparently, his other cousin Lily had abandoned her own child after learning that he might hgave been a squib, this made Alfonso share a look of disgust, that made Mordred and the child in the basket laugh. "I think that we may have another child..." Alfonso said. "I don't think that, well, I believe,