Mine Full Summary: Bella Swan is an eighteen-year-old superstar living with her mom and Phil in Phoenix. Most of her friends see her as a dollar sign and she is addicted to her work, much to her boyfriend's dismay. Bella is dating a wolf named Tye in Phoenix who is angry that he never imprinted on Bella. To tie him to her forever, he gets her pregnant by force. One night her mom and Phil see her lifestyle as unhealthy and send her to live with her dad in Forks for a change and to get out of the spotlight during her pregnancy. Bella soon realizes Forks isn't as normal as her mom would have hoped. Bella must face her pregnancy, Jacob avoiding her, and her deepest secrets in Forks. Jacob/Bella story Disclaimer: I own nothing you recognize from the Twilight series, nor any part of the songs I use. *****I may change a few lyrics in a song to better suit the story, I will indicate in that chapter if the lyrics were altered***** Chapter One: That Night Forks Jacob POV ' Yet another meeting that has turned into a complete social event at the res' I thought with a chuckle. This kind of thing happens at least once a week…people see us all together with our bon fire and join in for the stories. Then a few more join in and bring food and music… my dad or Harry always calls Charlie Swan down. Before you know it, our casual bon fire turns into beer and burgers with the girls blasting the latest top 40. I usually enjoyed these get togethers, but something just didn't feel right. I had been feeling off for the last few days and it has just put me in a bad mood. I shook my head as I grabbed a burger, walking past a group of girls asking Paul for another scary story about the supernatural. "Ahh Jake. Glum again? Boy you need to shake this funk off!" Charlie said with a kind pat on the shoulder. I stopped to chat with him and my dad for a minute. Charlie meant well and I thought of him as family. He was a kind, good-hearted man with a no b.s. attitude. "Well we all know when that started don't we Charlie." I shook my head, finished with the conversation. Charlie could tell so he nodded with a smile, and I walked over to my chair, pausing to turn up the only song of the night that caught my attention. I had been a bit grumpy for the last year since Bella decided making regular trips to Forks was getting quite difficult given all she had on her plate. I understood…but it was depressing. I sat and felt my heart smiling, for what I knew would be short lived. Letting the probably true story lyrics wash over me with a chuckle. Of course all the girls sang along with humour. State the obvious / I didn't get my perfect fantasy / I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me / So go and tell your friends that I'm obsessive and crazy / That's fine I'll tell mine that you're gay! / By the way... I hate that stupid old pickup truck you never let me drive / You're a redneck heartbreak / Who's really bad at lyin' / So watch me strike a match on all my wasted time / As far as I'm concerned you're / Just another picture to burn Phoenix Bella POV There's no time for tears / I'm just sitting here planning my revenge / There's nothing stopping me / From going out with all of your best friends / And if you come around saying sorry to me / My daddy's gonna show you how sorry you'll be I hate that stupid old pickup truck you never let me drive / You're a redneck heartbreak / Who's really bad at lyin' / So watch me strike a match on all my wasted time / As far as I'm concerned you're / Just another picture to burn The group of girls in my car giggled and used their wallets, hands…shoes even as microphones belting out the too familiar lyrics…like it's a thanks for treating them again tonight, like I usually do on these "dates". They poorly screeched the end of the song and I hid my distaste. 'Come on Bella, happy face! You're almost in the clear.' "And that's Bella Swan with Picture to Burn. Coming up we have Adele, Pink and we will be chatting with caller 13! Stay tuned for your chance to win!" I shook my head… radio is either REALLY animated, or REALLY dull. At least they aren't dull I suppose. "Oh my God Bella. Like… how cool is it to hear yourself on the radio!? I'd never get used to it. I mean…it's like total dream come true right?!" Sarah said from the passenger side. I inwardly cringed and nodded. "Yeah…pretty unreal." I said as I pulled into Sarah's driveway and all 4 girls got out. Jen, the only one I liked leaned in my window. "You sure you can't stay Bells? I miss you." I smiled sadly. Jen was the only true friend I had here in Phoenix. I hated shying away from her but it was difficult to get quality time with her and manage to stay away from the others. I nodded. "I miss you too Jen…we need to try and figure something out because I really need a real girls night. Maybe my house next week? Text me?" She gave me a knowing look realizing that I needed to talk and nodded with a smile. She leaned in to hug me and I looked down as something fell in my lap, a twenty. I chuckled and she winked. "Have a good night Jen." She waved and I pulled out of the driveway and headed home with a deep breath. I could hear Sam as I pulled out saying to Sarah that a girl my age didn't need a Jeep Liberty...but she could kiss my ass because it drove her around all night. I love my jeep. The ONLY large purchase I made after getting a record deal was my car. I bought a 2012 Jeep Liberty Limited Jet Edition not long ago. Gunmetal grey colour, heated leather seats, 6 cylinder, all wheel drive! Not to mention the amazing sound system. I got it for just under 40 grand. The rest of my money goes to my parents and into a savings account. I'm not one of those girls that spends like crazy just because I can. But I suppose everyone has an opinion. I pulled into the driveway and looked at the time. 11:45…yet all the lights were on. I really just wanted time alone to process the day I've had but I knew I would have to face my mom and Phil again after our argument this morning. Getting out of the house was the only reason I kept the "date-night" I had with Jen and the terrors. I walked in and saw my mom and Phil in the living room. "Hey guys, what's up?" I said trying to be approachable. I knew the only way out of this was to be civil with them so hopefully they are civil with me. They looked up from the TV and forced a smile. 'It's something right?' "Hey sweetie, just wanted to see how your night went?" I rolled my eyes to my mom and sat in a chair beside them on the couch trying to just be normal. "Oh you know…the usual. I ask what we should do tonight… Jen suggests movie night in… the rest want to go out and live the good life… I reign them in with dinner." Phil huffed. "And of course you paid right?" I nodded. I was just glad they wanted to have a conversation with me. "But!" I pulled the twenty out of my jeans pocket. "Jen pitched in." My mom smiled. "That girl is just the best." I nodded with a small smile. "Yeah I know… she's the only one of them that hasn't change. I'm sick of the rest of them." I stood up stretching. "That's it! I've fulfilled my monthly quota of "girls night". Tomorrow it's back to work!" My mom looked at me sadly. "Bella, I think we need to talk. I don't want to continue the argument earlier, I just want to talk to you. Mother to daughter…woman to woman. You have so much more to think about right now and I don't know if work should be your priority. All you do is work anymore…it's not good for you and it is going to be even more difficult now. Won't you consider going back to regular schooling…finish high school and take a hiatus? Take a bit of a break…rebuild your friendships…focus on your new priorities?" I shook my head. We have had this conversation a million times, and every time I get frustrated. It won't change now that she has new ammo. "Mom, I told you when you encouraged me to follow my dreams and sign that deal that things would change and I would need to give 100% to this. I can't work a 90-hour week and still go to regular school. I have so much going on right now with trying to produce this second album and I just can't afford to take a break right now." She stood, trying to be non-confrontational. "I know dear, it's just…I feel like you aren't taking the time to be 18. I feel like you aren't being a normal teenage girl…you're addicted to your work and it's starting to affect your life in a negative way. I just think they might understand if you need to take a break." I took a breath so I wouldn't get angry. "I know you're trying to help…but I love what I do." "I think it might be a good idea to sleep on it Bells…think about what your mom is saying. It's almost April…it's not too late to re-enlist in school to finish the year off in a regular school setting rather than homeschooling." Phil said standing behind my mom. I knew where they were coming from but that was not my priority right now. I just want to work and take my mind off of everything. "Guys, we have this conversation over and over again. I'm not taking a break from work and that's just how it's going to be." I turned away with a 'goodnight' and went up the stairs to my room. "What the hell is this?!" I hollered when I saw the state of my room. My suitcases were packed and my carry on was on my bed. I turned around to see my mom and Phil looking drained. "Honey this lifestyle is consuming you. I'm sorry…I can't think of any other solution right now." I looked at them for an answer. Phil sighed. "Bella, you're going to Forks to live with your dad for a while. He's registered you at Forks High School and you'll be taking a break." I knew they had me defeated. I shook my head. "How dare you do this without consulting me…" I said in a low voice, on thr verge of tears. My mom shook her head. "I'm sorry… I thought maybe if we could convince you that you could just stay here but… it's best if you're far away from the entertainment industry for a while. We've already notified your label of your hiatus. This is non-negotiable." I just stood there in silence. "What right do you have?! I am 18! I can make my own decisions!" I yelled frustrated. "Your decisions got you into this mess Bella! You. Are. Pregnant." I closed my eyes letting the tears fall. I hated hearing that out loud. I just