Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings or the PPC, and Eru forbid I own the original fanfiction this is based on. If you want to read the original, it can be found on my profile page. Dragging several duffle bags behind her, Agent Sarah (boring name extraordinaire) thrust open the door to her new department… room… response center…thing… triumphantly, looking far more rested then nearly anybody in the entire PPC Headquarters. Vacation did that, although Upstairs preferred to call it 'recuperation' in her case. It was all the same to her. After all, it was entirely their fault that they had had one less agent working for the past few weeks. She was hardly a veteran, having only been out of training for several months, but naturally, they would place her in the one department she couldn't take the pressure of; Bad Slash. This was not because she harboured a strong dislike of slash in general, but rather because of her loathing for any slash involving Frodo and Sam. She regarded their relationship as a sacred friendship that nobody had a right to touch or mess with. Not to mention that her fangirl lust object happened to be Frodo, although seeing as she liked him for his personality traits, he wasn't so much a lust object as Legolas was for most fangirls. After a particularly awful Frodo/Sam slash which was very near r-rated, she suffered from a mental breakdown, and had taken a wonderful holiday in the Caribbean; the POTC continuum to be exact. She was looking forward to gloating about it. She had also taken the opportunity to practise her general weaponry skills. The psych had determined that, due to her impulses concerning injury when angry, she would be far more useful in the long run working in the Mary-Sue department. "I'm here!" she announced cheerily to the room and its single occupant. She stepped in, dumping everything casually on the floor. She grinned widely. The one room (two if the tiny bathroom was counted) response center looked very cozy as well as neat. Directly in front of the doorway was a bearskin rug, and if one looked to the left and to the right there were beds on either side. The one on the right was clearly taken, and so she turned to the left and sat down with a bounce. Like all PPC beds, it was quite solid and rather lumpy, but it worked for her. She preferred sleeping on harder surfaces anyways. Next to her bed was a couch, and on the wall directly above it hung an impressive number of scalps on a belt, which she assumed had formerly belonged to Mary-Sues. Not a wall decoration she would choose, but her partner had been here first. The other person glanced upwards from the book she was reading, startled. "I assume you're Agent Sarah?" she asked stiffly, rising to her feet. Sarah nodded, saluting in response. "At your service. You must be Alana." "The very same," answered the other agent in a short, clipped tone. Alana was far more experienced then Sarah, having worked for the PPC for a good several years. She wanted the obnoxious newbie (well, newbie in her mind) to let her alone. But alas, such wishes could not be granted. Sarah was not exactly bubbly, but she was still delusional from her break, and had no intention of her partner remaining a stranger. And if Alana preferred solitude, tough. "I like pineapples," she began, crossing the room to sit on the desk next to Alana's chair. "Although I like pomegranates better actually. As far as fruit goes, mango is no question the best, but guava makes the best juice. Er- nectar," she said. "Corn's good too, but the cafeteria here has that canned corn crap, except more soggy and tasteless," she added primly. "Grapes are good, 'specially when they've been-" she paused dramatically in thought, "what's that word again? Oh yeah, fermented ," she said, looking proud of herself for remembering. "'Cause that's wine, and wine's good. Well, red wine is. Not a big fan of white wine myself. Rum's still the best of course, I had a lot of it on my last vacation, but Prancing Pony beer is always good," she rambled. "I like vodka," said Alana unexpectedly. Sarah was slightly taken aback, but her mouth kept moving. "It's kinda strong, I don't like it that much." She jumped off the desk and began wandering around the room, ignoring her duffle bags, which were still in a heap in the doorway. "You like Evanescence then?" she asked, spotting it on a stack of CD's. Alana nodded. "The lead singer has a gorgeous voice," she said in affirmation. "Amy Lee? I sang My Immortal for a voice competition last year," Sarah remarked offhandedly, examining the bed which was to be hers critically. "Evanescence rules." "Yeah," said Alana, seemingly warming up to her new partner. Sarah had managed to pass her first test in the 'people that Alana finds halfway decent' exam. Alana actually preferred people who talked a lot, seeing as she never really had very much to say, as long as they were interesting. So far, she found her partner, hippie clothes and all, interesting. "Do you-" she began, but was interrupted by the sound every exhausted PPC agent dreads. BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP! Scowling, she rose to her feet, setting the book ( Julius Caesar) down with a thump. Sarah looked startled. "I haven't even started to unpack my stuff yet!" Alana looked grimly down at the pile of bags. She was a neat-freak; it was almost painful to see the bags aimlessly thrown about. "You better hurry up," was her only comment, strolling to the console. "Another Sue falling into Middle Earth," she reported. "Illegitimate daughter of Elrond, can heal instantly, take on any warrior, has some prophesy made about her, weird ring shaped birthmark… called 'The Chosen One'… ugh, another Legomance too. Looks like the only thing she's got going for her is that the writing's legible." Sarah, who had changed into her uniform and was now frantically adding random things to her 'mission pack', made a face. "She sounds pretty cliché to me. Can this one be mine? It'll be my first one outside of training after all," she added. "I worked briefly in the Intelligence Department, and mostly in Bad Slash." Alana nodded. "Provided she doesn't mess with Faramir. Or Gimli for that matter." "Fair 'nough." Sarah slung her now-fully-packed bag over her shoulder. "Hey, this your bag?" she asked, pointing to a pack sitting neatly in a corner. "Yeah. Grab it will you?" Sarah obliged, and then almost staggered under its weight. She stared at Alana's bony form, wondering how on earth her clearly non-muscular partner carried it, as well as what on earth was in it. "Any disguise preference?" called Alana. "Can we be hobbits?" asked Sarah hopefully. She absolutely loved hobbits, not to mention that if one shrunk her down, she more or less looked like a hobbit anyway, with her extraordinarily curly hair (not to mention her unusually hairy feet… and legs come to think of it, thanks to her Spanish genetics). Alana shook her head. "'Sue's landing in Rivendell… never goes to the Shire as far as I can see. Except, she starts out at her house. Er, hotel room. We can skip that though, it's boring, and it doesn't make sense." "How typical," muttered Sarah sulkily. "Why can't they ever land in Shelob's cave or something?" She hooked her dagger belt around her waist. She could hit a target, but she had little to no talent in archery, and so her preferred weapon(s) were throwing daggers, although she liked broadswords as well. "How about goblins?" asked Alana, ignoring Sarah's last comment. "Sounds fine." Alana pressed the correct buttons, opening the portal and motioning for Sarah to pass through. Sarah thrust Alana's pack at her, and than jumped through for the sake of looking dramatic. Alana, after shouldering her axe (which was leaning on her bedpost) followed. They landed in a surprisingly non-descript forest. Well, surprising, considering the fact that it was supposedly near Rivendell. "It says there just happened to be a forest handy while she was bored at band practise," said Sarah grimly, reading the words. "How convenient," commented Alana dryly, pulling out her notebook. "There she is," pointed out Sarah through the trees. Carefully keeping out of sight, they watched Legolas sneak up behind Sue, and naturally, she had a 'spider sense', being a Sue, and so she spun around. "Dina! Manke naa lle autien?" The agents cringed as the elvish language was mangled, and Alana wrote something down in her notebook. Sarah reached into her bag, taking out her character analysis device. She pointed it at the Mary-Sue, and winced when its reading came up. MelodyErrorLinde7893. Elf Female. Non-Canon. Mary-Sue. "Even the device can't decide what her name is. Is this good for it?" she asked curiously. Alana shook her head, annoyed at Mary-Sue's attitude. "You know, if some guy was pointing an arrow in my face, I wouldn't be all relaxed," she commented. She shuddered as Melody proclaimed that Legolas's last name was 'Greenleaf', and he agreed. Sarah was obviously thinking along the same vein. "Don't these authors realise that 'Legolas' translated into English means Greenleaf ?" "Nope. This is boring." "Greenleaf Greenleaf…" Sarah mused. "Oh, and now she faints. Poor baby." Alana bitterly took out her Canon Analysis Device, pointing it at Legolas. It whined shrilly, but thankfully the Sue had already fainted, and Legolas couldn't hear it any more then he could see the agents. Canon characters wouldn't notice them unless the Sue pointed them out, or they brought attention to themselves on purpose. Legolas. Male Elf. Canon. Out of Character 42.987 "It'll be worse later on," said Sarah, reading ahead. "Looks like she'll be out for a while… what do you want to do?" she asked, as they followed Legolas towards Rivendell. Alana shrugged. "Draw I suppose." "You draw? Awesome. I never really had talent in art, although I was okay at photography," remarked Sarah. "Painting was the worst though." Alana nodded cautiously. "We'll be needing food too. I don't have anything to cook with in our response center yet, but I refuse to eat that 'food' served in the HQ Cafeteria." Sarah nodded in agreement. Twinkies and granola bars were the prime fare for agents while in the field, and the PPC Cafeteria was very much like a typical public school cafeteria. She usually ate it anyways. "I have containers," continued Alana. "And tin foil." Sarah rolled her eyes. "Considering how much that pack weighs, why am I not surprised?" Upon reaching Rivendell, it was decided that Sarah would venture to the kitchens, while Alana sketched outside of Mary-Sue's room until she awoke. It was a rather odd sight, had any of the residents of Rivendell been able to see her. A goblin sketching a pillar with a thoughtful look on its face is certainly not a usual occurrence. Alana was simply happy to be back in Imladris. Despite the Sues, she never tired of it. Closing her eyes, she let a soft breeze float past her, the leaves of the nearby trees gently swaying in time. This was certainly a place that she would consider retiring to, as an elf naturally. If only it could stay like this forever… "Um..come in." Cursing the Sue, she quickly scanned over what she had missed. Nothing much it seemed, just a typical blab about how much Mary-Sue hated dresses. Very few Mary-Sues seemed to like dresses, and seldom did they have a logical explanation for their strange hatred. And god, she had said that there were Celtic carvings on her headboard. Honestly. She peeked through the open window; Arwen had walked in. Still sulking about her interrupted moment of peace, she followed them from a safe distance behind, grimacing as the two began talking.