Chapter 7 — Giving In Draco worried about Astoria as the sun began to set and she still wasn't back. Perhaps she had run away, decided Draco was too much to handle. And, Draco tried to convince himself, that would be for the best. All the while, he paced his room, listening for the sound of her footsteps coming up the stairs, his heart thumping unevenly from the nerves that were beginning to, once again, consume him. When he finally heard her coming up the stairs, he lept to his feet and threw open his door to greet her out of sheer relief that she had returned. However, before he got a chance to welcome her back to the manor and to, once again, apologize for his behavior, he was stopped in his tracks by the look in her face. It was unfamiliar to him. Her dark eyes, which were usually filled with kindness and sympathy, were now filled to the brim with something fiery and smoldering. Her usually soft features were now sharp and fierce. "Astoria, what's—" But his words were lost in his throat as she strode up to him, a look of determination set in her seductive stride. Then, out of nowhere, she kissed him. She kissed him with such strength and intensity that he was knocked backwards against the wall. Suddenly, she was everywhere on him. Kissing his neck, his jawline, one hand in his hair, one hand caress further and further down his chest and stomach until it reached his belt buckle— "Astoria, wait—" "No," she whisper against his neck. "I don't have time to wait." It was everything Draco had wanted for so long, and yet to give in to this strange, new side of Astoria meant letting himself take advantage of a girl who was pure— far too pure for a murderer. "Astoria—" he tried again. "What?" she demanded breathlessly, her movement coming to a halting stop. "We can't do this," said Draco. "You… you don't know who I am. You don't understand." "You think I don't understand who you are?" said Astoria and she took a step back. "I watched them bring you into St. Mungo's, Draco. I watched you scream through your nightmares, and last night I watched you on the brink of madness. I know exactly who you are and I don't care ." "Even if you can forgive all that, you can't forgive— you can't possibly forgive what I've done. In the past," Draco murmured, looking anyway but at her. "You were a Death Eater," she said bluntly. "I know that. Everyone knows that. I don't care." Draco knew he should have told her the truth then, but as she came towards him, more tenderly than before, he had no choice but to sink into her arms. He wanted her too badly and had been fighting it for too long. Together, they walked into his bedroom, closing the door behind them. Then, Astoria was kissing him again. Her lips were hot against his, her tongue caressing his tongue in a way that sent shivers down his spine. He let himself go. He let his hands wander all over her body— up and down her back, cupping her breast in his hand, squeezing her hips and as she pulsated against him. Suddenly she was ripping at his clothes. She removed his robe easily enough and then began ripping the buttons on his shirt. When she had removed this, she ran her hands up and down his chest. Draco shivered. Then, he unrobed her and removed her blouse to reveal a thin camisole that emphasized the shape of her breasts perfectly. Draco kissed them through the fabric and she moaned, leaning her head back. Even as he bit down softly on the erect nipples, causing her to gasp with mingled shock and pleasure, she was unbuckling his pants and pulling them down along with his briefs below his waist, freeing his erection. He now pumped furiously against Astoria's thigh and they fell back onto his bed. Nothing could stop Draco now. He felt himself to be a wild beast. He needed Astoria with every cell in his body. He tore at the camisole and shimmied down her skirt. She was wearing nothing but panties now. He felt himself grow wilder and began lick and sucking at her nipples until she was writhing with pleasure, but he held her to him as he licked every inch of her. Then, unable to stand it any longer, he ripped off her panties and saw the wetness between her legs. Draco looked into Astoria's eyes and she still had the fierce, fiery expression burning within them. Keeping eye contact with her, he slipped one finger inside of her. She gasped and closed her eyes, biting her lip. He pushed another one in. She was tight, but now she was moaning, her face flushed. Draco couldn't wait a moment longer. Hiking her legs up, he let the end of his cock tease her wet, warm surface. It took all his restraint not to finish, right then and there. Instead, he pulsed slowly, breathing through the waves of pleasure crashing over him, making the tight, wet opening wider and wetter for him until— Astoria gasped as Draco entered her. Draco moaned deeply, collapsing on her as he tried to forestall the mounting ecstasy that threatened to engulf him as he thrusted himself in and out of her. He grabbed her hair and moving her face towards his, where he forced his tongue inside her mouth. He couldn't go slow now, not anymore. He found himself pounding her into the bed until, as if from a distance, he heard himself cry aloud as he reached a climax that sent electric currents through his body. He collapsed on top of her, his face buried in her neck as he slowly pulled himself out her. He was aware of nothing else in the world but her legs warm on either side of him, her breasts at his finger tips, and the thundering of his own, pounding heart. Astoria fell asleep in Draco's bed that night with no intention of leaving. For the first time in her life, she felt powerful. She had always felt weak— controlled by her illness. Now Draco was her's and she knew that it was because she had made it so. She wondered, even now, if she might be pregnant. Yet, guilt plagued her. She did love Draco and didn't want to hurt him. What if he didn't want a baby? She pacified herself by internally promising to breech the subject, somehow, in the morning. When she awoke however, she was greeted by a sensation that drove the thought of pregnancy from her mind as she was overcome by arousal. Draco was hard against her naked backside, grinding slowly against her in his sleep. She wrapped her hands around his half-hard cock and felt it stiffen even more. Desire flooded her senses. Slowly, she lowered herself on the bed and placed her mouth around his cock, tasting it, letting her tongue explore it. She heard Draco moan in his sleep, stirring slightly. Then, she began to suck it harder and Draco awoke. "Astoria—" he gasped, but could say no more as he was overcome with pleasure. As Astoria worked her mouth on his cock more vigorously, she felt him grab her hair, moaning with pleasure, forcing her to go down further. She gagged slightly, the lack of oxygen making her as aroused as it made her dizzy. He let out a gasp of ecstasy and then released her. She gasped for breath but then fell back down upon him, working her mouth more vigorously than ever. He breathing was becoming quicker and quicker and then he grabbed her hair again, forcing her up and down quickly on his cock. She wiped her mouth and fell upon him. They were both panting now. Then he brought her face to his and kissed her. Slowly, he worked his way down, kissing her neck so that shivered, sucking on her nipples so hard that she squirmed with the overwhelming pleasure of it. But he held her tight to him and she was grateful for that. Then, grabbing her ass, his face came to lay between her legs. Astoria gasped as he began to lick and tease her. Sucking on her clit and fingering the opening he had penetrated last night. Astoria cried out. She needed him right now. He moved upwards, taking her face in his hands and kissing her. She could taste herself on his breath. He chuckled slightly as they kissed. "What is it?" Astoria asked breathlessly. "It turns out I just can't get enough of you," Draco replied, and Astoria could feel the tip of his penis teasing the opening of her vagina again. She moaned. "Yes," she said, giving him permission to enter her. Again, he was moving inside her. It was slower this time, less urgent, and all the more arousing for it. She felt he was teasing her and she wanted to beg him to fuck her, beg him to pound her into the bed. She was so insatiable that she was rising to meet his thrusts. "You want control?" he whispered in a low voice in her ear. Then he flipped her over so that she was on top of him. Disoriented, it took her a moment to find the rhythm. Then she was bouncing up and down on top of him, his hands clenched tightly around her waist. "Kiss me," he begged her and she obliged. As their mouths met and tongue caressed one another, Draco wrapped his arms around her body, moaning. Now he was thrusting up into her, unable to control himself. He was all over her— one hand squeezing her ass, the other clawing her back, his mouth working over her erect nipples. Suddenly the pleasure overpowered her and her vision blurred and she cried out in pure, uncontrollable ecstasy. Draco was crying out too and she felt again the sensation of the warm cum rising inside her. Then, as suddenly as the pleasure began, her world went black…. Chapter 8 — Deception "Astoria? Astoria?" Draco felt panic rising in his throat like bile as he watched Astoria slump, unconscious, on the bed. "Astoria?" he called to her again, his voice cracking. In his head he could see bodies, nothing but dead, tortured bodies all around him. He felt light-headed. Why did everything he touch become ruined— Suddenly Astoria began to stir, her dark eyes fluttering open. For a moment her gaze remained unfocused, then she took in Draco's worried face, looming above her. "Oh," she said faintly, then frowned, " oh." "Astoria, are you all right?" Draco asked, trying to keep his voice steady. "Are you hurt?" "No— no, not hurt," she smiled a little ruefully. "Just embarrassed." "Embarrassed?" Draco could not take in the meaning of the word. "I may have been a little— uh— over-hasty in my, erm, pursuits this morning," said Astoria. "I guess I was still a little tired. And I'm pretty hungry. I didn't have dinner last night, you see." "Hungry," Draco repeated, dully, trying to reaffirm in his head that she was okay. She wasn't dying in his arms like every other ghost that haunted his nightmares. "Yes." she nodded, carressing Draco's face. "Although, don't get me wrong, it was very good. Perhaps a little too good, I suppose." "I'm sorry," Draco mumbled. "No! Don't be!" she said. "I'm sorry for pushing my limits. But perhaps we should have breakfast first? Before we go for another round?" Draco took in her beautiful face, to which color was slowly returning. "Yes," he said finally. "Breakfast." By the time breakfast was brought up to Draco's room by a servant, Astoria had made herself look halfway decent by putting on a slip. Still, the servant gave her a telling look as she laid the