A/N: Hi my name is Ashley and this is my first story on Fanfic so please don't be so hard on me. Anyway Lets start reading. Rated M for language, sexual stuff and etc.…etc.… Also if you are homophobic do not read this story. This is a Gale and Peeta pairing. I don't know why, I'm just weird…and I want to be different. So let's begin… -Chapter 1: Gale's POV I got up out of bed. I looked outside of my small window and saw the sun coming up. It was probably about 4 o clock in the morning. I went to the bathroom, took a cold shower and went out in the woods to hunt. I had to get game so I could trade it at the hob. Then it popped in my head. Today is Katniss' birthday. I totally forgot. I had been super busy getting ready for the winter. When the winter comes its super hard trying to find game, and when you do, normally it's not trading worthy. I guess today I can take a day off from hunting. Besides, I had to get an impressive gift for Katniss anyway, but with what money. Then an idea popped in my head. I will get her a cake, wait no even better make her a cake. But with what baking skills, without even thinking I was out of the woods and walking into victory village. I stopped in front of Peeta's Mansion and ranged the doorbell, it was probably 9 o clock in the morning by the time I got there. I heard footsteps as he came to the door. He was in a t-shirt filled with flour and dark blue jeans. "Umm… Hi, Gale." Peeta greeted. "Hi Peeta, umm… I need a favor." I stated. "Yeah… Sure. What?" Peeta asked. "Can you help me make a cake for Katniss you know it's her birthday and all and I really want to impress her." I replied. Just then I heard a groggy voice, but even though it was groggily I could still tell it was Katniss' voice. Peeta turned his head which made me able to peek and see Katniss coming down the steps in what looked like Peeta's T-shirt and a pair of black leggings. "Peeta, who is at the door?" She asked. "Oh just Gale" Peeta answered. "Oh what does he want?" She asked. "I don't know" Peeta replied. "Umm I just wanted to wish Katniss a happy birthday." I stated. "Oh well thanks" Katniss said as she approached the door. "Bye Peeta, I'm going to go home before my Mom wakes up. She would freak out if she didn't see me in the house. She doesn't know that I went over to your house last night." Katniss stated. "Okay, bye Katniss." Peeta said as he hugged her. She hugged him back and thanked him for last night. Wait…last night, what did he do, or they did last night. She waved goodbye to me as she walked through the door and disappeared down the street. As if Peeta could read my thoughts he told me that Katniss gets nightmares sometimes, frightening ones about the hunger games. And sometimes she comes over when she's extremely scared and he comforts her until she can go back to sleep. I was relieved; I always had a little thing for Katniss. Everyone always expected us to one day realize that we were perfect together and get married. But it all changed when she went to the Hunger Games. Peeta shared his feelings on live T.V and all of a sudden she's madly in love. If I knew all I had to do was express my feelings I would've done that a long time ago. I tried when she got home. I kissed her when we were in the woods, but I don't think she have the same feelings for me. She looked at me like I was crazy. Then she came up with this lame excuse stating that she had to go home. I thought she liked me because as soon as she saw me, she told me the whole story of Peeta and her. She explained to me that it was all a lie, she and Peeta had to pretend that they were in love so they can come back home alive. Later that week her and Peeta had an interview and announced that they were engaged and were going to get marry soon. The whole crowd went crazy. In about five to six months they are going to have a big wedding. The best wedding designers are designing the wedding. The wedding will be live on international T.V. Katniss is going to have the best wedding dress ever made, and Peeta will have an amazing suit I bet. President Snow said he will pay for this wedding, no matter what the cost. The theme and colors haven't been released yet. The wedding will be in the first month of spring. But, ever since that kiss everything have just been, awkward. "So you want me to help you make a cake?" Peeta asked, breaking me out of my thoughts. "Yeah…for Katniss' birthday." I answered. "Well perfect timing because I was going to have a surprise dinner for her and I was going to make a cake." He stated. "Well what cake did you have in mind?" Peeta asked. "Umm… I'm not really sure. How about we just make Katniss' favorite cake flavor." I replied. "Yeah, well I guess we will be making a marble cake." Peeta stated. "Is it very hard to make?" I asked. "A little but I will walk you through the steps." Peeta said as he opened the door wide enough to let me in. When I walked in I was marveled by the beauty of the house. "Follow me to the kitchen" He instructed. I did as told and walked into a humongous kitchen. I could already see the cake ingredients out and ready. The whole house was decorated. The living room, the entertainment room the dining room and kitchen were decorated with colorful decorations. This was going to be some dinner. "This is more like a party right?" I asked. "Party, dinner, call it what you want." Peeta said as he got out eggs, milk, flour, and other ingredients that I didn't know the name of. "Okay you ready to get started?" Peeta asked. "Yeah" I answered. "Okay wash your hands. And once you do can you get me half a cup of brown sugar and 1 cup of regular sugar?" He asked. So I washed my hands with this purple bar soap that smelled so good and got 2 beautiful glass cups. I have never seen glass cups before. I can only afford plastic cups. These cups that Peeta have are so pretty and fragile. I was so scared that I would drop them. I filled one cup all the way to the top with sugar that I got out of the cabinet. I looked in the other cabinet and saw this brown substance in a plastic bottle and filled the other cup halfway with that. Then I gave the cups to Peeta. He looked at me like I was crazy. "When I said cups I was referring to these" Peeta said as he waked to the drain board and got out two plastic cups with handles. One the handle of one of the cups it said one cup. On the other cup handle, it said ½ cup. "Oh" was all that could come out of my mouth. He was about to pour the sugar into the measuring cups but he stopped and let out a big sigh. I knew something wasn't right. "What?" I asked. "What's wrong with the sugar?" I continued. "This isn't sugar." Peeta answered. "Then what is it?" I asked curiously. "Peeta sighed again. " It is cinnamon and salt" Peeta answered again. "Oh" I said again I could feel my cheeks reddening by the minute. "Opps…Sorry" I said. "No problem it's a common mistake. " Peeta said sincerely. You could tell that he was trying to cheer me up. "Anyway, how bout' you crack 3 eggs in that small glass bowl over there and I start making the frosting." Peeta suggested. "Okay." I said as I walked over to the counter. I did as told and the proper way and cracked 3 eggs. It took us an hour and a half just to make the batter and frosting thanks to me. I made plenty of mistakes. Peeta even had to make another batch of frosting because I mistaken salt for sugar again. Even though I basically almost destroyed the cake batter and the frosting, he was still very nice, and kind to me. He was very patient and there was something about him that made you feel safe and warm inside. Hell if I ever had a nightmare I wouldn't mind walking all the way across town to Peeta's house. Once all the cake pans were in the oven. (We decided to make a 3 tier cake.) We sat down in the living room. I was in awe about how big his T.V was. Not only was it big, but it was flat and on the wall. I couldn't resist asking. "How big is the T.V?" I asked. He looked up at me from the fire place; he was putting wood in and starting the fire. "Oh that, um… I believe 85 inches." He replied. "Oh nice" I said "So do you want a tour of the house?" He asked as he got up from the floor. "Yeah sure." I replied. If you took one look at the house you could tell that the person who lived in it was very artsy. They were beautiful paintings hanging on pristine white walls. When you walked in the first thing you saw were to 2 beautiful marble stairs leading up stairs. On the second floor you can look down from the steps to the main hall. To the left was the living room and library. And to the right was a kitchen filled with top of the line stainless steel appliances and a beautiful dining room with a 100% real crystal chandelier. Under the steps was a big office. And next to the library was the entertainment room, where all the games and movies were. In the basement were the laundry room and exercise room. They were 6 bathrooms in all and they all had marble counters. Upstairs on the second and third floor was 3 rooms. There were 3 rooms on each floor. And the master bedroom on the second floor had a huge balcony and its own bathroom. I think the master room itself was as big as my house. And the backyard was incredible. It had a beautifully paved patio, a bar, and an indoor/outdoor pool. It also had a hot tub. Apparently a hot tub is like a pool but it has hot water that relaxes you and water jets that massages your body. Peeta had the biggest and best house in Victory Village but he explained that the capitol assigned him to this house because he and Katniss were going to get married soon. And the President wanted them to have the best house in victory village. I was amazed. I couldn't believe that this boy a year younger than me is in this big fancy house. After the tour of the house I was basically going crazy. He had things that I didn't even know existed. We ended up in the living room. I knew victory village houses were nice…but I didn't think that they were this nice. After like 30 minutes of watching T.V in the living room we heard the timer go off. The cake was finally ready. We washed our hands again and Peeta went into the oven and got out the three different size cake pans. I could tell