Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings and all characters and places within belongs to J.R.R Tolkien. However much I wish they belonged to me. AN: The Document Manager keeps deleting my blank lines... I hope this will be readable anyway. Among shadows The first acorn hit Aragorn in his temple. He froze, instantly on the alert. An ordinary traveller would have believed that the acorn simply had come off its branch and fallen down, or perhaps that the tree was playing a prank on him, but Aragorn was a ranger and more vigilant than that. None of the trees spreading their moss-grown branches above his camp were an oak. The acorn came from somewhere else. Aragorn tried to make something out in the faint light of his small fire. The tree-trunks stood still and quiet, and nothing moved among their branches. Although it was only dusk outside, the shadows in the forest were black; only in this glade the setting sun found a way through the foliage. Someone could hide in the dark and still see him clearly. But nothing moved for a long while, and finally Aragorn relaxed, sinking back towards the tree-trunk he had been leaning his back against. Perhaps the one who threw the acorn only wanted to scare him, show him that he wasn´t welcome. In any case, he was not going to get scared. Mirkwood , he thought. Whatever Elladan and Elrohir may say, it´s a good name for this forest. Only a few minutes later, another acorn hit him in the back of his neck, this time so hard he cried out. Putting his hand on the hilt of his sword, Aragorn looked around and listened. Nothing more than the whispering of the wind in the trees. Slightly nervous he let go of the sword. The forest was about to drive him crazy. He had been wandering here for two weeks, and for two weeks he had seen nothing more than boles and shadows. For two weeks his only company had been black squirrels and birds and invisible creatures with clattering claws. But it was tree days since he passed the Enchanted River, and he must be more than halfway through. The forest was getting brighter. This was the elves domain, he was close to their halls, and the trees here were happier and less hostile than earlier. And at the very moment he thought this, another acorn landed in the middle of his forehead. Drawing his sword, Aragorn jumped up. Another acorn hit him and he twirled around. A mischievous laughter rang in his ears. It came from above. "Who´s there?" he shouted. "What do you want? Show yourself!" At first, he only heard the eternal sound of the wind in the trees. Then a voice replied, a clear voice, merry yet resolute: "I am the one who should ask, adan! This is the elves forest, and it is by the path of the elves you have pitched your camp! You have no right to be here – and you are lucky. Had you met one of the patrols, they might have killed you on the spot." Aragorn lowered his sword but did not relax. The voice had spoken with a slight but distinct sindarin accent; undoubtedly, it was an elf. It still did make him calm. The elves of Mirkwood were a suspicious sort, and they did not like strangers crossing their land. Aragorn had hoped for avoiding them. "Killed me on the spot, you say?" he said, trying to keep his voice steady. "A lone wanderer like me? That sounds cruel. I have never met such cruel elves. But then I have never met anyone who has attacked me with acorns either." The elf laughed again. "Perhaps not, but it was funny! Men are seldom funny. But answer now! Why have you come to Eryn Galen?" "I´m only passing by", said Aragorn. "I didn´t mean to disturb anyone. I´m sorry for using your path, but it´s the quickest and safest way." "You´ll pass the Elven-kings halls if you continue", the elf said. Aragorn tried to see him, but the mossy branches of the trees hid him completely. "There is said to be a path, a shortcut, leading out of the forest without passing his halls. That´s the way I´m heading for. I´ll take off again tomorrow, and in only a few days I´ll be far away without – " "Who said I was going to let you live?" The mischief vanished from the elf's' voice and the words cut through Aragorns like a knife. He went cold. "No one", he said weakly. "I thought – " "You still haven´t answered my question", the elf said. Suddenly, Aragorn could see him – a slender shadow in the foliage above. He had gotten closer. "I said I wanted to pass", said Aragorn, trying not to sound scared. "I have no errand here. I am a traveller, a wanderer, and I´m taking a shortcut through Mir – Eryn Galen on my way to the east." Both Elrond and the twins had told him a thousand of times not to use the name Mirkwood would he meet any of the elves of Mirkwood. They despised the name and all who used it. "A traveller", the elf repeated. "So you have nothing here to do?" "No", said Aragorn. "Nothing at all. If you just let me continue, I´ll be out of the forest in no time. No one will notice anything." "If I kill you, no one will notice anything either." Aragorn raised his sword towards the dark gestalt above. "You won´t kill me without a fight, and man or not – I am a skilled warrior!" He regretted the words the moment he spoke them – what if the elf, in pure anger over the threat, brought more warriors to kill him? He would never be able to hide from them. The elf was quiet for a long while, but then he laughed and threw another acorn at Aragorn. "Are you threatening me, adan? Now that was something new! But allow me to ask: how are you going to fight me, when you are down there with your sword, and I am up here with my bow? Do you have wings, perhaps?" "I have no wings", Aragorn replied, "but if you came down to fight like a man, you would notice that I am fully capable of defending myself!" "But I am no man", said the elf, "so why would I fight like one? Aragorn moaned. This elf's logic was even more annoying than his brothers. But his logic was also dangerously hostile. "Listen", said Aragorn, getting desperate, "if you cannot allow me to continue, then take me to your king and let him judge. I think he´d recognize me, even if it has been a long time since we met, and – " "You have met him? Have you been here before?" "No", said Aragorn. "At that time I lived in Imladris, and King Thranduil visited us more than once during my childhood." Han pondered over telling the rest, and decided that it could make the elf realize he wasn´t an enemy. "I was Elrond´s foster son." For a long while, it was quiet. Then the elf said, with wonder and disbelief in his voice: "Estel?" Aragorn almost dropped his sword. It could not be possible. But it was. The elf leaned forward to see better and Aragorn got a fleeting glimpse of his face – so well-known it hurt. A streak of sun shone on his hair and made it sparkle like gold. How many times hadn´t Aragorn teased him for that wonderful hair? Branches moved almost imperceptibly as the elf climbed downwards. Aragorn heart started to pound. The elf jumped from the lowest branch, landed softly at the other side of the fire and smiled – a warm, impish smile which Aragorn had missed more than he had ever understood. "Legolas!" "Estel. I didn´t recognize you." Aragorn could not move. "You´re so tall", said Legolas as if he could not believe his eyes. "And you have changed – your voice – and your clothes – you look like a ranger." "I am one", said Aragorn. Legolas did not look surprised. Unlike Aragorn, he had not changed at all. His clothes were simple but beautiful and in the same colours as the forest around him, and his bow and quiver were fastened at his back as usual. Moss on his knees, twigs in his hair, and a golden clasp keeping his cloak together – he looked like a wood-elf, but also like a prince. "I should have recognized you by the acorns, of course", Aragorn said. "The elves of Eryn Galen may be playful, but few are as childish as you." Legolas simply laughed. They were of almost equal length, Legolas being the slenderer. "You must be almost the same height as Dan and Ro now", he said. "Almost", said Aragorn. "Like you", he added. Then he could finally move, and he took two long steps around the fire and embraced Legolas. The sword fell rattling to the ground. Five years. Five years since he last saw Legolas. If he had been able to hug him so hard and so long those five years disappeared, Aragorn would have done so. "You smell of the forest, as usual", he said. "And you smell…" Legolas broke himself off, pushing Aragorn away. "Estel, exactly how long was it since you bathed?" "Bearing in mind that I walked from Imladris to Eryn Galen without stopping for a bath… a little less than a month?" "Oh Estel." Grinning, Aragorn plucked up his sword and sheathed it before sitting down with his back against the tree again. Legolas sat down opposite, arms around his knees. The fire crackled merrily between them. "I´m sorry that I haven´t been in Imladris for so long", Legolas said. "I wanted to go, but the orcs and the spiders have increased. Now we need every warrior." "Don´t be sorry", Aragorn said. "The latest years I haven´t been a home. I´ve been with Dan and Ro, and the rangers." Legolas cocked his head curiously. "But now you´re alone. Why?" Aragorn shrugged. "I felt for it." "Are you going to visit us in the palace? You´ve never been here before. There´s so much I have to show you!" "Not today", Aragorn said. "I´ll only stop in Dale to buy supplies, then I´ll continue." Legolas eye was piercing. "Where?" "To a place far away from all inquisitive elves", Aragorn said with an amused glance at his friend. Legolas gave an impatient sigh. "Estel…" "I´m sorry, mellon-nin . After Dale I´ll go east." "There´s nothing east of Dale." "There´s always something. I may go so far as to Rhûn. And then south – to Rohan and Gondor." "That´s far! What will you do there?" "I don´t know", Aragorn said. "I just want to see them. Meet those who live there, and those who rule. Learn how they live. Fight with them against the Enemy!" "But why?" "Oh, Legolas." Aragorn looked at him, so old and yet so young. "Don´t you understand? They are my people! I belong to them! Of course I must see those countries, see men – more men than the rangers, I mean. I am one of them." "And that´s why you go alone?" "Yes." "But you live in Imladris! Why must you go to Gondor?" "Imladris cannot always be my home – it will not always be my home." "Estel…" "No." Aragorn took courage. "Not Estel. I am Aragorn. Aragorn son of Arathorn." Legolas bit his lip. "Elrond told me everything." Aragorn watched him for a long while. "You already knew it, didn´t you?" "We weren´t supposed to… Elrond said…" "I know", Aragorn said. "You weren´t supposed to say anything. Neither Elrond nor my mother wanted me to know it before I was ready. I think they were right, though I was angry at first."