Disclaimer: It all belongs to the master. Nightfall Autumn had come. The winds were chilly, and the trees had shifted colour from dark green to bright red and sparkling orange; the fruit orchards drooped with ripe apples and plumes. The woods were full of mushrooms of all sorts, as well as of hobbits – the latter making sure that no chanterell or blue trumpet escaped their baskets. Sam left his house when the sun had almost sunk behind the hills of Hobbiton and the first stars had appeared. The evening was cold and clear, and he swept the old grey cloak from Lothlorien around his shoulders before going. Elanor stood already by the gate, swept in a shawl and with moonlight in her golden hair. "Don´t stay out to late, will you?" Rosie said, handing him a lantern she had lit with a candle from the mantelpiece. "Elanor´s too young for elf-parties." Sam kissed her cheek. "Don´t worry, dear. We won´t talk to them, I just want her to see them. We´ll be home – stay here, Elanor! – we´ll be home before midnight." With the lantern in one hand and Elanor skipping in front of him, Sam walked down the street. The air was fresh and filled by the sound of crickets; owls hooted, mists hovered above the grassy hills. Berthold Burrowes appeared in the flickering light of a streetlamp on his way home from the tavern. "Good evening, mayor", he said, taking of his hat as he spoke. "And young miss Elanor! A bit too late for a stroll, isn´t it?" "We´re going to see the elves!" Elanor happily announced. "Dad´s taking me out to see them." "Oh", said Berthold Burrowes. He had indeed heard the unnerving rumours of elves seen in the Shire – and the even more unnerving rumours that mayor Gamgee often went to speak to them, just as Bilbo and Frodo Baggins (who seemed to be gone permanently now, although you never knew with Bagginses) had used to do. "Well", said Berthold Burrowes, "good luck finding them then, I suppose." And he carefully put his hat on as if it could protect him from such strange creatures. They walked north out of Hobbiton, passed The Hill at distance and soon left the houses and light behind. Elanor now kept close to her father´s lantern, even if the evening was alight with stars and not very dark. There was no road nor path here, and the tall grass reached to Sam´s waist and Elanor´s shoulders. Flowers stroke their arms with cold drops of dew, and soon Sam´s cloak and Elanor´s shawl glittered as if strewn with white pearls. Elanor yawned. "Are we there yet?" "Soon", Sam said. "We can see them from the top of that hill. You know that little patch of wood on the other side of the north-west road? That´s were they are." "How do you know they´re there?" "Because that´s where I told them to go." Elanor stared at him round-eyed. "Do you now these elves?" "No", Sam said. "At least not the one I talked to. He had been sent out before the others to look for a good place for a party, and he asked me about it, and I told him of that wood. The elves usually stay there. As for elves I know, there´s very few of them left in this world." He didn´t say more, and Elanor knew better than asking. There were many things her father always spoke of with a hint of sadness in his voice, and even more he didn´t speak of she thought. They were quiet until they reached the foot of a great hill. "Are you tired, Elanor?" Elanor stifled a yawn. "No. Just a little. I still want to see the elves." "Are you sure? Perhaps we shouldn´t have gone. It´s very late after all." "If you think it´s so late", Elanor said, "then why didn´t we go in the day? What are they doing in the days, sleeping?" Sam smiled. "No, they wander. They wander in the days, party in the evening and set off again before dawn. They love to walk beneath the sun, but even more beneath the stars." "When do they sleep, then?" "While they´re walking. They can do such things." Elanor frowned. "Don´t they slam into trees and such?" "They don´t. I suppose they can see while they´re sleeping, for they have their eyes open. They´re curious creatures, really. But I´m glad you get to see them a night like this. Elves are never so beautiful as beneath the stars." Elanor frowned again. Sam smiled at her confusion. "You´ll see", he said. "You´ll see." They half walked, half climbed the side of the hill. The grass looked silvery in the moonlight – silvery and golden, when the warm light of Sam´s lantern reached them. Near the top of the hill Elanor burst into a run, then threw herself face down on the crest so she wouldn´t be seen – elves could be very shy, Sam said – and gazed out into the night. On her left side, the silver band that was the Creek made a bend towards the hill. Below, a vast land of marshes, copses and tiny pools of water like spots of silver spread out from the foot of the hill, a narrow road leading safely between the pools until meeting the road that led north-west. On the other side of that road, there was a small wood of oaks and elms and beeches, dark and shadowy – but enlightened from the inside by dozens of small white lights. "Do you see them?" Sam asked, lying down beside her. "I see lights", Elanor whispered. "It´s like they have plucked down the stars and hung them in the trees." "Such a poet you are! It´s their lamps. But do you see them ?" Elanor shook her head. She looked at her father. He had covered the lantern with his scarf but his face was lit from above, and he was looking down at the white lights with a smile on his lips. Elanor knew that smile. It meant that he thought of things she had never seen, like elves and dwarves and wizards, and vast fields and great cities far from the borders of the Shire. "Look again", Sam said. "Look closely. They are just behind the outer trees, beneath the lamps." Elanor looked. She looked so intensely she could almost burn down the trees with her eyes. "I see them", she whispered. "I see them, papa. They´re so beautiful." And they were. Even at this distance she could see it. Slender grey shapes they were, moving so lightly across the grass it looked as if they flew. Grey cloaks billowed around them, their long hair shining like silver and gold, copper and ebony, and their faces were like made of marble but alive, so alive. "I see them, papa", she said again. "Ssh", Sam said. "Listen." A faint wind blew into Elanor´s face. Suddenly she could hear voices, clear and melodious, in the wind. She heard ringing laughter, joyful chatter, the delicate tunes of harps. The sounds of the elves filled her head and her heart. She could almost smell their food and taste their wine. She could lie there the whole night, watching those fair shapes move across the clearing in the light of the silver lamps – but time ran away faster than she had thought was possible. Suddenly she regained her senses when her father shook her, and when she looked at the sky, the stars had moved as if a whole hour had passed. "Elanor", Sam said, "it´s time to go." "Just a little while more!" "No, Elanor, you´ve been here too long. Look, your dress is all damp by the dew! You must go home before you get cold." Elanor frowned. " I must go home? What about you?" "I´ll stay here a bit longer. You´re not afraid to go home alone, are you?" It was the right thing to say. Elanor looked at him defiantly. "Of course I´m not! Stay here then, I´ll go. But I´ll take the lantern." Holding the lantern high to see where she put her feet, she left the crest of the hill. Sam stayed behind. The sight of the elves had brought so many memories – of good things like Rivendell and Ithilien and being on adventures (as long as they were relatively peaceful) and camp-fires, and great cities, and the golden trees of Lothlorien; and of bad things, like the passing of the elves and Frodo and Gandalf leaving him. Being the mayor of Hobbiton gave him little time for his own, and being the father of a dozen children stole all the time that was left. Moments like these were rare. "He´s Remembering", Elanor said as she arrived at home, where all lights were out expect for the lantern above the door and the candles on the mantelpiece, and Rosie sat in a chair by the embers of the fire waiting for them to come home. "Let him do that", Rosie said. "He seldom has time to." But Sam didn´t linger long on the hill. The fair voices were calling, the enchanting lights persuading him to come. For once he didn´t resist. For once he walked down the hill and in the darkness found the road that led to the woods. He didn´t know it, but with the moon lightening his face and the grey cloak of Lothlorien on his shoulder he looked like a creature almost as magical as he elves. That elf he had talked to earlier, asking for a good place to stay for the night and even inviting him to the party, had reminded him of someone, an elf he had known long ago. He had to see if that elf was here. If he was Sam would dearly like to meet him, but he feared these elves were on their way to the Havens, and then it would grieve him just as much. He reached the woods not long after he left the hill. The moon had moved only a little bit across the sky, and the night had grown only a little darker. But the woods were not dark, not at all. As he stepped in between the old tree-trunks into the clearing he was almost blinded by the light, and even more so by the beauty of the sight that met him. Silver lamps hung from the trees. Silver hair glinted in the light of silver stars. Silver tunes rang from the strings of silver harps. Sam had seen so much wondrous things in his life that by now, he didn´t longer stare in disbelief – but the music and the light filled his heart with a soft, warm joy not unlike the joy of holding a newborn child. A great fire burnt in the middle of the clearing, surrounded by tables of food and elves in grey cloaks with flowers in their hair. They heard him, of course, when he approached. At first, fair faces looked at him with a hint of uncertainty – surely he had not come to drive them away from where they were, or to disturb their party? But then the elf he had talked with earlier made his way through the crowd of slender shapes and loaded tables and called: "Master Gamgee! Have you come to join us?" "Well, I have", Sam said, "if it´s not too much problem, of course. You remind me of someone, you see, mister, someone I knew, and I had to see if that someone happened to be here too." "He is", the elf said, calling over his shoulder: "Las! Master Gamgee is here! You may stay, of course", he said to Sam. "You was the one who found us this place, after all." The crowd parted once more to let through another elf, and Sam smiled at the familiar face.