Echo " Stay. Estel, please. You can´t go, Estel, not yet. Stay." " You know I cannot." " Just a little while more. Just a day." If only they got down from the mountainside, Legolas fancied, they would be safe. The slope from the cliff where they hid to the tree-covered ground was steep and unsheltered. The rain had made it slippery. No matter how quickly and soundlessly they moved, no matter how dark it was now that clouds hid the moon, they wouldn´t be able to hide out there. The problem was they couldn´t hide for long here either. As soon as night truly came, goblins and wargs would come searching, sneaking, along the only passable path nearby; they would find their smell and their tracks in the mud, and then they would find their hideout. But if they ran down the mountainside – ran fast – they could reach the trees and hide in the woods. At least Legolas would feel safer there. "What do you think?" he asked. His voice almost drowned in the heavy rain. "We can´t stay here, that´s for sure", Aragorn said. "Maybe we can find better shelter for the rain." "Wait here. I´ll look around a bit." Pressing his back to the cliff, Legolas crept forward. He didn´t see much of the slope from their hideout, and he wanted to make sure nothing was waiting for them. They had seen signs of trolls earlier, and they knew there were goblins in these mountains, even though Legolas didn´t know exactly where they were. He didn´t know the Misty Mountains as well as Aragorn did, and he suspected the ranger didn´t recognize much in this rain and darkness. The paths had changed since last time they were here. Huddling on the crest of the slope, only a shadow in his soaked, dripping cloak, Legolas looked around. The rain was like a massive wall. Grey rain, grey stone, grey clouds. He saw nothing that moved, but he didn´t trust his sight in this weather. "It´s no use", he said as he returned to Aragorn. "Either we stay here or we chance and hope nothing sees us." "I vote for chancing. I´ll die from the cold if we stay here all night." "Then we run for the trees and find a better hideout." "Then we do so", Aragorn said and grinned at him trough the rain. They crept slowly around the cliff the same way Legolas had taken, until they stood on the crest of the mountainside again. The slope really was steep. And slippery. The first thing Legolas did as as they begun climbing down was to lose his footing, and it didn´t exactly get better after that. Then the wargs begun to howl. They came dashing down the mountainside, ragged and hungry and mad; a sudden flood of wet fur and claws and fangs. "The trees", Legolas hissed. "We can´t fight them here." In the darkness they began to run: half run, half climb. When Legolas looked over his shoulder he saw shapes – great grey shapes in the rain, moving too swift for arrows. He swore beneath his breath and ran faster. "This way!" Aragorn called, aiming for a somewhat flatter part of the mountainside. Legolas turned, but he turned too quickly – he slipped – he stumbled – he fell forward, and when he staggered to his feet the first warg prepared to leap onto him. But it underestimated him. Legolas got an arrow from his quiver before the warg was over him; he aimed, released the arrow, and ran again, not stopping to see where it hit. Behind him the warg stumbled and whimpered, and the others hesitated long enough for their prey to almost reach the trees. Almost. The moment Legolas thought he would make it there was a movement behind him, and by reflex he swirled around. Claws dug into his right arm. They had been meant for his neck. " Legolas!" There was not enough space to draw his bow. The warg backed, preparing for another leap – one he wouldn´be able to avoid – and Legolas fumbled desperately after his knife. The warg was onto him; he ducked from it´s claws – he was beneath it – and taking the knife in his left hand, putting all his strength behind it, he thrust it deep into the warg´s belly. It writhed once, blood bubbling up in it´s mouth. Legolas managed to shake it off before all it´s weight was over him. He didn´t watch it fall. Aragorn had turned with his sword drawn and Legolas yelled at him to keep running. They reached the trees. They kept running. He didn´t feel any pain – yet. They kept running. And then he stopped. He hadn´t really intended to do so, but his body must have realised before his head that he couldn´t run more. His tunic was soaked with more than rain. Behind him Aragorn came to a halt, looked around, then drew his sword. "Are they coming?" "I don´t hear anything", Aragorn answered, "but in case they do, I´ll be ready." "I don´t think I´ll be able to run." "Then we won´t." "We have to find shelter." Aragorn nodded. "We will. But you need to rest, and most of all you need to stop the blood from that wound. Sit down and take care of it. I´ll keep watch." " And then another, and then another. Don´t you understand, Las? I have to go now. A single day will change nothing." " But I don´t want you to go." "We´ll go on for a while", Aragorn said, and it was lucky he could think clearly, for pain had begun to dim Legolas´s thoughts. He still had his knife in his left hand. They walked through the rain – it wasn´t so heavy here, beneath the canopies – and the trees whispered encouragingly to him. Legolas knew, from the experience of a thousand wounds, that the pain would grow fainter in a few minutes and then he would be able to think clearly again; but it had already bled through his provisional bandage. He would be able to walk for some time, but the constant loss of blood would wear him down. They must find shelter soon. "I recognize this place", Aragorn mumbled beside him. "What?" "Look around." Legolas lifted his eyes from the ground. He didn´t know exactly for how long they had been walking, but Aragorn was right. The voices of these trees were familiar. He looked around – that path – those boulders – the gentle slope of the ground, that opening in the trees... " Elbereth ", he whispered. "I thought we were far from..." "It must have been that path we took", Aragorn said. "We walked much farther north..." "Much of the nature has changed, of course..." "It might have been a newer path..." They stopped, looking at each other. "I thought we were in the middle of the wilderness", Legolas said, "and all the time we were here ." "It is the wilderness now", Aragorn said. "Do you think we can find it?" "That depends on what we want to find. It must be in ruins by now." "We may find shelter." "We may." Legolas bit his lip. It was hard to say how it would feel to return to that place. If it was in ruins – and it should be – than maybe it would be painful to see. But it was hidden, and it was safe, and there was a chance some parts of it would be whole enough to provide shelter for rain and wind. "I say we go", he said. "It´s not far from here, is it?" "The road must be just behind those trees." They walked again, somewhat quicker now that they had a direction. The closer they came the more Legolas recognized the place. They found the road and it looked just like it had done every rainy autumn night he had seen it: muddy and narrow and strewn with dead leaves. How was it possible it wasn´t overgrown? And how was it possible he remembered every tree; how could no new tree had grown since last time he was here? Everything – the way the trees sung softly in the rain, their never-surprised, ever-gentle welcomes, the little water drops gathered on every leaf on every branch – was as it always had been. It was comforting. He was so weary with things that always changed. Maybe it was the magic of this place, or maybe it was just being here, that made him feel better. He was still weary and still in pain, but walking along this road, wounded, was something he had done so many times the feeling was almost nostalgic. He would manage the last bends of the road; he had done that a thousand of times. Suddenly it made him laugh. "What is it?" Aragorn asked, as if unable to understand how someone could laugh in this weather. Legolas gave him a wry smile. "I just thought it was funny, that after all these years we still manage to stumble upon some old ruins in the last minute. One could have thought we´d be a bit rusty after so many years out of danger." Aragorn smiled. "It´s not that many years. And it will be more like us if we can´t find a single place where the roof isn´t leaking." "That wouldn´t surprise me. And I suppose the wargs will find us in the middle of the night, too?" "Yeah, and you´ll have fever." Legolas looked at the man sideways. Water was dripping from his hood, and from the dark strains of hair that was visible beneath it, and from his nose, and his chin; his cloak was muddy to his knees, his fingers were blue from the cold; but his eyes were glowing. Instead of looking stern and wise, like a king, he looked strong and happy and pleased and alive . Legolas had missed this part of him more than he had ever known. However much he loved Elessar, he had missed Estel. " I won´t make it. I can´t live without you. I will die, Estel." " You will not. I know you will not." " I can´t lose you." The trees ended. They looked down a deep valley, the rain drops shimmering in some evening light like white dots in the dark. Water ran down the white stone of high buildings; down arches and statues and open galleries. Far below the river rushed through the valley, skittering down the mountains. Legolas took a deep breath and smiled. They were really here. And it looked just like he remembered it. The high trees, the towers and the windows, the mountains, the road – it was as if no time had passed at all. He looked at Aragorn and the man gave him a broad smile that said everything. "It was worth running, wasn´t it?" "It was worth every rainy day on the whole journey." There it was, before them – Imladris. When they planned this journey they hadn´t got a single thought of coming here; but they had come, and they were here. Beneath the dark sky it looked even whiter; in the rain it looked even warmer; after all the years that had passed it looked even more familiar. It was as if those years had never been. As if they had been on a long journey and come home at last. "We don´t know how the buildings look inside", Aragorn said. "They might be in ruins, only we can´t see it from here." "Would you be disappointed if they were?" "I wouldn´t be surprised." "I don´t think they´re in ruins", Legolas said. "I feel like they aren´t." Walking down the valley was a hard task, as it always was when it rained. The path clung to the mountainside and they had to do the same – it