A/N: Don't ask me where the idea came for this one. It just did, and I'm rolling with it. Hopefully, you'll enjoy it. It was pretty fun to write. -RR13 Privet Drive "WHERE THE HELL'S MY BREAKFAST, FREAK?!" yelled the furious voice of Vernon Dursley. It was a Wednesday morning, just like any other in the Dursley household. Vernon Dursley was sitting down to breakfast with his wife Petunia Dursley, and his daughter, Dara. Vernon was a director for a drill making company called Grunnings. His wife Petunia stayed at home all day, spying on the neighbours. Their daughter Dara was their pride and joy. She was a larger girl, who told tall tales to her parents, of her excellent grades and sporting prowess. She often received cards home from the school, telling the Dursleys just how well she had done on her homework. Not that she'd done any of it herself. Dara Dursley was the biggest bully in Surrey, in all senses of the word. Her favourite target. Her cousin, Harry Potter. Harry had been orphaned at a young age. His parents had died in a car accident. At least, that's what she'd been told. Apparently they were drunks, or drug addicts. The story varied depending on who told it. Not that it mattered to her. Harry was easy pickings. She'd throw her homework down in front of him, and he'd do it. No questions asked. Not that it mattered. The worthless boy was mute. Maybe it was the emotional abuse from Petunia. Maybe it was the psychological abuse from Vernon. Maybe it was the way Dara and her gang beat the shit out of him whenever they could. Who knew? Who cared? She wasn't the only one picking on him. Most of the school did, and for one very obvious reason. The Dursleys had never spent a penny on Harry. They had never bought him food, he ate their leftovers (which was very little.) They had never bought him books, he read whatever he found (Which was usually what they were too thick to comprehend.) They had never bought him clothes, he wore what he was given. Dara's hand-me-downs. Harry had spent the past ten years of his life wearing Dara's hand-me-downs. The Dursleys had told everyone that he was a girl, Hayley Potter. At first, the clothes had been far too large for him. Eventually, Harry, or rather Hayley, had been forced to learn how to wield a needle, and had adjusted the clothes to fit him, or rather her. Now however, Dara was being sent to a prestigious all girls school, whilst Hayley was being sent to the local high school. Dara was sat at the breakfast table, a smug expression on her face as her mother fawned over her. The school uniform she was wearing was absolutely ridiculous. It consisted of an orange blazer, white shirt, blue tie, and a green skirt."Oh, sweetie. You'll make us both so proud." Petunia cooed, then turned to Hayley with a dangerous glint in her eye. "Well? Are you going to make her go to school hungry? Where's her breakfast, idiot child?". Hayley's uniform, despite belonging to a school for delinquents was certainly more sensible and much less of an eyesore. A steely grey blazer and skirt, white shirt and red tie. Petunia had spent the previous day, dyeing Dara's old uniforms to match the 'official' uniform of the local high school. Hayley began dishing up three plates, piled high with bacon, eggs, sausage, black pudding, beans and hash browns. Though there was enough for ten, she had long since gotten used to the fact she wouldn't be eating any. One by one, she carried the plate's over to the breakfast table. The Dursleys dug in eagerly, with all the table manners of pigs at a trough. As Hayley returned to the kitchen to begin washing up, there was a knock at the front door. Without looking up Vernon yelled. "Freak! Answer that door! And make sure you cover up that ruddy eye of yours!". Hayley pulled an eyepatch from her pocket, and placed it over her right eye. For as long as she could remember, she had only ever had the one eye. The Dursleys told her she had lost it in the car accident that had claimed her parents lives, and had refused to say anything more on the matter. Hayley made her way to the front door, and opened it. The postman was stood on the doorstep, though, it wasn't the regular postman. The man before him was a shorter, portly man, who reeked of alcohol and cigarettes. "You 'Ayley Potter?" the man asked. Hayley nodded. "Got a letter for you." the man said, handing it to Hayley. Hayley frowned, thinking it odd that the postman would knock just to hand over a letter that would easily fit through the postbox. The postman looked over the top of Hayley's head and bent over, so that they were face to face. "Now listen 'ere." the man whispered. "Make sure them relatives of yours isn't around when you open that, you understand me?". Hayley nodded, confused. Admittedly, the Dursleys wouldn't like the idea of him receiving any mail. It might mean that someone cares about her, and they couldn't have that. Hayley tucked it into his pocket, and the postman winked at him. "Take care of yourself, Potter." That evening after a tiring day of being bullied at St. Brutus', Hayley was once again, locked in the Cupboard under the stairs, lying on his bed. She had been teased from the moment she arrived. From the eyepatch to her dyed uniform, they had latched onto every abnormality they could and teased her mercilessly for it. She looked around her tiny cupboard, praying that she didn't have to go into school again tomorrow. That's when she remembered. The letter. It was still in his pocket. She grabbed her blazer, and fished around the pocket, until she found what she was looking for. Mr Harry/Miss Hayley Potter The Cupboard Under The Stairs 4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging Surrey Hayley stared at it for a moment. That was alarmingly specific. Was she being watched? Gingerly, she opened the letter, and slid out a thick piece of old fashioned parchment. On it, written in green ink were the words. Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Due to your special circumstances, please be advised that a Hogwarts representative will be meeting with you at 8 am on Thursday the 29th of August at your place of residence. Yours Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Hayley read, and reread the letter a dozen times. Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry? Did that mean she didn't have to go to St. Brutus'? Was it a boarding school? Did that mean she could leave the Dursleys? Whatever the case. Eight am couldn't come fast enough. The next morning, Hayley awoke excitedly. she quickly showered and got dressed. And set about making the Dursleys breakfasts. The three entered the kitchen a little before eight and immediately began stuffing their faces. Hayley stood staring at the clock until, at exactly eight o'clock, there was a knock on the door. "Freak." Vernon said, his mouth full of beans and bacon. Hayley didn't need to be told twice. She hurried over to the door, and opened it wide. "I'm looking for Harry Potter?". The man on the doorstep was tall, with long black hair that framed his face. His eyes were onyx black, and he was dressed entirely in black. The man was regarding him curiously. He'd been unaware that there was a third child living here. He knew the Dursleys had a daughter, Dara Dursley, but she was large, and attended the school with the garish uniform. This girl was dressed relatively normally. He took a moment to take in her appearance. Short, skinny, pale. She was wearing what appeared to be an eyepatch, though it was partially hidden by her long black hair. The girl pointed to herself. "You, are Harry Potter?". The girl pulled a notebook from her pocket and quickly jotted something down, then turned it over to reveal the note 'Call me Hayley'. The man sighed. "Are you incapable of speech?". The girl nodded again. "Interesting. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Severus Snape, Potions Master at Hogwarts. May I come in?". Harry stepped aside and allowed the man to enter. "Where are your relatives?" he asked. Harry pointed to the kitchen. Snape set off briskly for the kitchen, followed closely by Harry. The Dursleys jumped when the kitchen door burst open, and Severus Snape strolled in. Vernon swallowed the large mouthful of food he had, albeit, with some difficulty. "Who are you?" he demanded. "You! Freak! Why are you letting strangers into my home?!". Petunia gasped in shock when she saw the man. "Good morning, Petunia. It's been a while." the man sneered. "You?! What are you doing here?" Petunia spat. Snape regarded the woman with disdain for a moment before speaking. "As you are no doubt aware, Mr. Potter, that is to say Hayley, will be turning eleven in two days, and as such is of the age to begin attending Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry." "Absolutely not!" Vernon snarled. "We swore we'd crush that freakiness out of him, and there's no way in Hell I'm consenting to that." "You understand, that Hogwarts is a boarding school? He would be gone for eleven months of the year?" Snape asked. "And who's going to cook and clean around the house?" asked Vernon, gesturing to the immaculate kitchen that Hayley had spent three hours cleaning last night. "I don't believe Petunia has a job, maybe she could do it." Snape sneered. Petunia and Vernon looked to one another. "I won't allow my lovely Petunia to do manual labour. That's a slave's job." said Vernon, throwing the remains of his breakfast on the floor, and pointing at Hayley. Hayley stepped forward, but was stopped by a hand on his shoulder. Hayley looked up to see Snape glaring at the man. "I believe you dropped that. It is your responsibility to pick it up." "You think he was going to pick it up? No, no, no. That's his breakfast!" Vernon said, roaring with laughter. The other Dursleys soon joined in. Snape was shaking with barely suppressed anger. He drew his wand and pointed it at Vernon. "What are you going to do, turn us into bunnies?" Vernon snorted with laughter. Petunia and Dara laughed harder still. Snape's lip curled into a smirk. He cast three spells. One on each of them, then turned to Hayley. "Get your things, we're leaving." he said, and made for the front door. Hayley followed him. "Do you have nothing you wish to take? Books? Clothes?". Hayley shook her head. "Very well, then we must be going." Snape led the effeminate boy from the house, and began leading him towards the park. He felt a tugging at his sleeve, and turned to see Hayley miming shooting a spell. "You're wondering what I did to you relatives?" he asked. Hayley nodded. "I hit your Uncle with a notice-me-not charm. His employers will not notice him, and will believe he just stopped coming into work, and he'll be sacked. Your aunt was hit with a compulsion charm, she'll be forced to tell the truth at all times to those neighbours she spends her days spying on. As for your cousin, I modified her memory. I erased her ability to read and write. Not that she used those skills particularly anyway. Ah, here we are.". They had reached the park, which was set a little ways off from the houses, and as such there weren't any prying muggle eyes. "We'll be apparating to Diagon Alley, it isn't a