A/N: This is a work of fanfiction, based on characters created by JK Rowling. I own nothing. This fic was suggested by froper98. They suggested the idea of a female Harry, named Selene, who was brought up by the Lestranges to be Voldemort's right hand. Anyways, enjoy- RR13. Halloween 1997- Godric's Hollow 04:31 James Potter sat at the kitchen table in his home at Godric's Hollow. A glass of firewhiskey sat in front of him. He sat staring at it. Sixteen years ago on this night, his entire world had changed. " James! How are ya, buddy?" Sirius grinned, stepping through the door and embracing his oldest friend. James chuckled happily, returning the embrace. " I'm not bad, my friend. How are you?" " I'm surviving." Sirius grinned, stepping back, allowing Remus to step in, shaking James' hand. Finally, Peter Pettigrew stepped in. He nodded curtly at James, but couldn't meet his eyes. " Peter, how are you?" James asked. Peter mumbled a reply, but still wouldn't meet his eyes. " What's up, Wormtail?" Sirius frowned "Cat got your tongue?" " I'm fine." The feeble man replied. Peter Pettigrew was easily the odd one out of the bunch. The Marauders as they referred to themselves. James was courageous and brave. Sirius was handsome and charming. Remus was logical and calculated. Peter was none of these things. He was a spineless coward, and he knew it. There was one thing that he was exceptionally good at however. Surviving. No matter the cost. And tonight, his friends would learn that first hand. The cost would be paid in full. James shook his head, trying to dispel the memories. He knew it was in vain though. Every year, they arose, and every year he was forced to relive them. " James?" a voice from upstairs called. " I'm down here, Lily." He called back "Come on down, and bring Selene, her favourite Godfathers are here." Lily Potter, the beautiful redheaded wife of James came into view as she stepped downstairs, the sleeping form of her daughter in her arms. " Hey, Lils." Sirius grinned. " Hey guys." Lily smiled back. " How's my little girl doing?" asked Sirius, as Lily handed her to her godfather. " She's tired out. James spent the day playing with her." Lily smiled. " Were the toys for Selene or for James?" Sirius chuckled. " I'm fairly certain James played with them more than Selene did." Lily chuckled back. " Hey, I did not." " Why are we stood in the hall? Come in. I'll make us some tea." Lily guided the guests into the living room, before making her way to the kitchen. " Let me help you." offered Peter. " That's very kind of you, Wormy." Whilst Lily busied herself with gathering five cups, she didn't notice Peter slip a small amount of purple powder into the teapot, and fill it with hot water. Lily turned around to see Peter had made the tea, and was setting the teapot on the tray. "That was quick." " Magic." he shrugged. The two carried the tea and cups through to the living room, where the three men were sat chatting happily about work. Selene was still sleeping peacefully, now in Remus' arms. Lily joined the conversation as she poured the tea, and handed the steaming cups round. She sat down next to James, taking Harry from Remus. Peter stood in the doorway watching. James raised his cup to his lips and sipped at the tea. Remus and Sirius followed suit. Lily was focusing on Harry far too much to notice anything was wrong. James was the first to collapse. His vision had become blurry. He tried standing, but to no avail. He collapsed in his seat. " James? James, what's wrong?" Lily asked, panic rising in her voice. She looked over to see Sirius and Remus in similar states. Finally, she looked round at Peter. He had his wand drawn, and pointed directly at her. " Hand over the girl, Lily." He said, his eyes narrowed. " Peter? You did this? What's going on?" She stood up, spinning round to face him, all the while, clutching Harry close to her. " It's just as Dumbledore always say's, it's for the greater good, Lily.." " NO! No! Not my Selene! Please, Peter. We're friends." " Lily! It doesn't have to be like this,just hand her over!" A curse struck Lily's leg, and she collapsed on the floor. She grunted in pain, but she wasn't going to give Peter the satisfaction of hearing her scream. As it turned out, she wouldn't have to. She was hit with a full body bind. Peter casually strolled over and crouched down to eye level with her, where she was knelt, tears brimming in her eyes. Selene had woken and begun to cry. " It's okay, Lily. Selene's going to be just fine." He sighed, gently pulling the infant from her grasp. With that, he strolled out of the room, as if he had done nothing more than wish her well. Lily heard the front door, open and close, and was left with the unconscious forms of her husband and her friends, tears streaming down her face. Halloween 1997- Riddle Manor 04:31 Elsewhere, someone else was reliving their memories of that particular Halloween. Three hooded figures stood waiting outside. As Peter approached, they turned to face him. "Took you long enough, Wormtail!" called the tallest. "I was beginning to think you'd gotten lost." " Sorry, Rabastan." Peter shrugged. "It took longer than I thought." " Never mind that." hissed the shortest. "You have her? Selene?" " Right here, Bella." said Peter. " Give her to me." she whispered. Peter handed the bundle to Bellatrix. Bellatrix gently took the bundle from him, and cooed at the baby. "Hello, Selene." " What of the parents?" asked the third figure, Rodolphus. " We're the parents!" Bellatrix snapped at Rodolphus. " The Potters, Black and Lupin are all bound up in there." said Peter, indicating the house behind them. " We're not killing them?" Rabastan frowned. " No. They're no threat to us. We have the girl. The prophecy stated that she'd be the one to bring about the fall of the dark." " And with our guidance, and love and support. She shall." smiled Bella. "She'll conquer the ultimate dark Lord. Albus Dumbledore." Bellatrix smiled at the memory. The three of them had bullied Peter into telling them where the Potter's were hiding. The rat was cleverer than she had given him credit for. He had convinced them that he should go in and retrieve the girl. He had probably known that they'd kill him when he was of no further use to them. Nevertheless, it was one of her happiest memories. She would never forget the day that she became a mother. She remembered holding the small bundle in her arms, and looking deep into the brilliant emerald eyes. She remembered the overwhelming sensation of love, as she cradled the small baby. Now, the girl was grown up, and Bellatrix was so proud of her. The girl had become exactly what she wanted her to be. Voldemort's favourite. His right hand. His personal assassin. Standing up, she stretched and decided to go find the girl in question. Halloween 1997- Riddle Manor 04:31 Riddle Manor had been built during the height of the first wizarding war. Being a half blood family, the Riddle's didn't have a manor like the Malfoy's, but as soon as he had the finance's, Voldemort had commissioned a manor to put Lucius Malfoy's home to shame. Currently, two frequent visitors to the manor were stood in a training room, duelling. One of them was an older man, with a goatee that had once been black, but was beginning to show flecks of grey. He had short greying hair, and was wearing traditional Death Eater robes. His opponent was a lean young girl, with long black hair, pulled up into a high ponytail, even then, it still reached the small of his back. She was wearing her regular training gear, and was currently dodging a myriad of dark spells that most aurors would have fled from. Even then, it still reached the small of his back. "You're doing good, kid. Try this on for size." the man called and shot a curse at her. The girl backflipped out of the line of fire and shot one back. It hit the man in the jaw, sending him staggering back. "Getting slow, old man?" "You'll pay for that!" he yelled, and shot several spells at her in quick succession. The girl somersaulted out of the way, however, one of the spells hit her side as she rolled. The girl fell to the floor, winded. The man walked over to her, and jabbed his wand to her neck. "I win." he said. "Geez, Uncle Rab. Ever heard of ladies first?" Rabastan shrugged. "You seemed to be doing okay. You just need to pay more attention to your surroundings." Selene rolled her eyes, and held out her hand to let Rabastan pull her up. "Thanks, I think." "You'll appreciate it someday, I'm sure." Rabastan chuckled. "You should go wash and change, you know the Dark Lord wants to speak to you later." "You just don't want my mother to see how hard you pushed me do you?" Selene teased. "I'll admit she frightens me more than anyone." Rabastan shrugged. "Thanks for sparring with me, Uncle." Selene smiled, and placed a small kiss on Rabastan's cheek. "Anything for you, Selene." Rabastan replied. After Selene had showered, and changed, she had sat in a chair by the fire and occupied herself with a book on advanced dark arts. There was a knock on the door. "Come in." she called. The door opened and the Dark Lord himself entered. Unlike Death Eaters, the occupant of the room didn't bow before Voldemort. In fact, she barely acknowledged him before she returned to his book. "How are you finding that book, Selene?" "Interesting. I'm particularly looking forward to using the decapitation curse." "I thought you might like that one." "What can I do for you, my lord?" Selene asked, closing the book at last. "I doubt you sought out my company for a social call." "I've told you many time's, Selene. Please, don't call me that. Only the lower ranked Death Eaters call me that. You know I've always thought of you as family." "Sorry, it takes some getting used to." Selene smirked. "No matter. I have an assignment for you." "What sort of assignment?" "One of my inner circle is planning to betray me. I would like you to show him the error of his ways." "Is that all?" "Yes, but you must be careful. Reports from our spies within the DMLE have reported that the auror patrols have increased." said Voldemort. "Aurors, they're dime a dozen. No problem." Voldemort sighed. "Selene, overconfidence is not a desirable trait." "Modesty is overrated." she shrugged. "So it seems." the dark shrugged. "I'll take my leave now. Oh, and your mother was looking for you. Best not to keep her waiting." Selene nodded, and Voldemort left the room. "Best go see what Mum wants then." Selene muttered to herself, grabbing her coat and wand, and leaving also. Selene found her mother in the library. She had been searching the entire mansion for her daughter, not an easy feat given the size of Riddle Manor. "There you are!" Bellatrix smiled. "I've been looking all over for you!" "I was training with Uncle Rab, then I had a meeting with the Dark Lord." "You met with the Dark Lord?" Bellatrix gasped. "Yes, he had a new mission for me." Selene frowned. "Oh, Selene! I'm so proud of you!" Bellatrix grinned, grabbing her daughter, and pulling her into a hug. "Geez, Mum!" Selene groaned. "I'm not a kid anymore, you don't need to treat me like one all