Scritch scritch scritch There it was again. Nearly like clockwork. When the bells chimed out half-past seven, the noise began. So far, he hadn't let it bother him. As a father to two young children, there were few odd noises he hadn't yet heard. He recalled the near paranoiac way he'd reacted to every sound in the first years with Boromir, how certainly every sniff meant some deadly illness and every gasp or hiccup meant he'd found a way to mortally wound himself. The maids found it amusing, commenting that this was the ritual of near well every first-time parent across Gondor, if not all the world, to be driven to worry by everything they could think of. Denethor hadn't been quite as amused, finding all the anxiety-an emotion he wasn't normally given to-absolutely draining. Slosh slosh slosh. Thankfully, with their second child, the panic waned and he'd learned from Boromir how to distinguish the usual noises from the unusual. Though there was a bit of a difference between the two children already, and it still struck him with amazement sometimes that two minds that were not yet even fully formed could have such unique qualities. While Boromir was outwardly bolder-climbing everything he could get his grubby little hands on, trying to wrestle with the dogs, challenging guards to races down the hall-Faramir had proven himself more of a quiet schemer. Denethor could still remember the initial shock of walking into his office to see a stack of books and one milk crate-which to this day, Denethor had no idea where he found the thing-forming a perfectly stable ladder to the third shelf of a bookcase where a jar of sweets sat. He'd stared for a moment at the little boy, who knew he'd been caught red-handed, and was forced to stare even longer when Faramir thought it best to try to negotiate himself out of trouble by offering one of Denethor's own candies to him. When he told Finduilas she laughed uncontrollably. For that gift, Denethor could hardly stand to reprimand the boy, instead warning him of the danger of a fall from such a height. Shhhhhh. Shhhh. Shshshsh. In spite of their different approaches to life, the two boys were, at least, best friends, and no obvious rivalry or jealousy came between them. Sometimes Denethor thought it might be that they were too young to feel something so complicated, but he hoped for the best. He thought of his own father, who Boromir already so reminded him of in some ways with his direct approach to life, and despaired at the idea of either of the boys feeling the need to prove himself more worthy than the other. It was something he'd often felt in the days of the great Captain Thorongil. Perhaps they'd started off on amicable enough terms, but by the end of Thorongil's campaigns, Denethor could hardly stand the sight of him. He was only ever reminded of the praise his father heaped on the man, and how little he seemed to receive. Sometimes he thought himself petty for being irritated with the situation. Other times he thought he hadn't been angry enough, never having the courage to face his father and tell him how small he felt in his eyes. The chance would never come again, so he did his best never to dwell on the matter. "Mmmm-ahhh!" And there was the first sound which was not part of the evening ritual. "Nonono!" There was another melodramatic sigh. Denethor stood from his desk and headed down the hall. There were no tears, which was of course, a good sign. There'd also been no loud bumps, thuds, or smacks, so surely no one had gotten hurt, and nothing sounded as though it'd broken. As Denethor passed through the threshold of the door, he paused to inspect the situation. Faramir was pushing a towel into the rug over and over where Denethor could see some faint blue stain creeping into the fabric. A tipped over cup was on his right, the source of the blue liquid, and on his left were paintbrushes. Behind Faramir was a stack of blank papers, and in front of him were sheets covered in dark shades of blue that all varied just a bit depending on how many brush strokes applied to any particular sheet. There were some with green trees-firs still being the archetypal tree to the boy-and what appeared to be brown rolling hills and a sky that was not the same color as the other blue sheets. "I bloody spilled it!" Faramir announced, for the first time acknowledging that the man had entered the room. "Don't use that word," he said, a near automatic reaction at this point. Whatever Boromir picked up on, Faramir was sure to follow suit, whether he understood it or not. "The paint will wash out." He wasn't terribly concerned with the rug. Only an idiot would put something too dear or expensive to be dirtied into a child's play room. That particular one had been through all manners of dirtiness. Boromir had been quite taken with mud around the age of four, and before Faramir had known better, he was fascinated by watching ink creep its way into the pale fibers. Instead Denethor's eyes were drawn to the considerable stack of paper behind the boy. "Where did you come by all of that paper?" "It's what I'm given for to work on letters," he said, still deeply focused in his task of mopping up the water. "You have been practicing your letters. How is there so much paper left over?" he asked, certain that Faramir was lying to him about the source of the sheets. "Because I've been making my letters so small, so that I use less paper and get to save it for my plan." Denethor couldn't help but raise his eyebrows at the seriousness with which Faramir said 'my plan'. And the cleverness in finding a tactic to save paper for it. He did recall suddenly, that some night about two weeks ago, he'd noticed the way Faramir's handwriting shrunk but wrote it off as some passing fancy as children were prone to. Then it struck him that the boy had been dedicated to 'his plan' for quite a while, as far as a child's reckoning goes. That wasn't a sort of dedication he'd expect in one so young. "What is your plan, if I may ask?" "You may," Faramir said politely, as if taking this conversation lightly had never been an option. "Naneth says she misses the ocean, so I want to make her the ocean to see on her wall, so she won't need to miss it anymore." Denethor felt nearly as if he'd run face first into a wall. Finduilas was desperately missing her home, and Denethor was at a loss as to how to cure that longing. She was too ill to travel so far, and she knew that. He'd done what he could think of to make her situation more comfortable. Brought her the sorts of flowers she loved, food from her homeland, candles that were meant to be scented like the sea. It was his job to take care of her, to make her as happy as he could given the circumstances. "That is quite a nice idea, Faramir," he said finally, the boy already having returned to turning another sheet of paper blue. "I thought it may be clever," he responded, seemingly satisfied with himself. "Where did you learn how the ocean looked?" he asked, trying to take his mind off of his ailing wife. "I asked the archivist if they had something about the ocean there. He told me what the books said, and even showed me one that had pictures. I also know that trees are green, and sand is brown, and water is blue, so the colors were simple." "That is all well and good," Denethor said, taking a sheet of paper for himself before sitting on the floor across from Faramir. "But there is one important element you have not been informed of." At that Faramir looked up right away, as if eager to mend any flaws in his plan. He watched closely as Denethor traced an outline of something on the page. Two wings. A head with a beak. A square tail. "The gulls," Denethor said finally, turning it to face Faramir so he had a better look. The boy gasped and clutched the paper. "Of course, the gulls," he said to himself. "I must not forget the gulls." He took another sheet of paper, put ink on the pen, and did his best to mimic Denethor's drawing. When he finished, he looked back and forth at the two sheets before shaking his head. "This will not do. Your gull is much better, so I think you should draw them." "Yours is a valiant effort," he said. In truth it was about the same quality as anyone might expect of a five year old. "I've simply had more time to practice." His own was no work of art, except maybe to a child. He took another sheet and obliged Faramir by this time fitting two gulls on one page, an idea coming to mind. "Perhaps we can hang these from the ceiling?" Another gasp and Faramir exclaimed, "That's clever! As if they were really flying!" Denethor nodded with a grin at the boy's enthusiasm. "What else might we add to your plan?" Faramir looked stern and serious as he considered the possibilities. "The ocean is not normal water, it has salt. That's what the archivist says. Can we make the ocean smell right?" Denethor looked at the paper, which really wasn't made for being painted on and getting quite so wet. It was already starting to buckle and waver, but perhaps it could withstand another sprinkling of water. So he nodded. "I can ask for the kitchens to send up a glass of salt water when you have finished painting the ocean. Then we may take brushes and sprinkle the it onto the pages." He couldn't say for how long the scent would last, or even if it would be strong enough to notice, but it didn't take much effort to try. "That sounds nice," Faramir said. "And the archivist said at the beach, there are all manner of shells strewn everywhere. Are there shells to be found in the city?" "Certainly there is some merchant who sells them," Denethor answered. Usually they were made into decorations. Maybe there would be a handful that hadn't yet been glued to something. "Perhaps we can stick them to the parts where the sand is," Faramir said. Denethor doubted that part a bit more, given the weight of the shells might not be bearable for the paper. But there may yet be some use for them. "Of course. I will take some time tomorrow to search for some." So for the next several nights, Faramir and Denethor worked on recreating the ocean as best they could. A half-hour every night, Denethor taken with Faramir's intense dedication at something that might lift the spirits of someone he cared for so deeply. He was torn on whether it was a good quality for a leader to have. Caring for others was a double-edged sword, he was learning. Of course life would be lonely without anyone to care for, but didn't caring leave one vulnerable to incalculable pain in the possibility of losing the one cared for? Didn't caring for someone so deeply give enemies an obvious target? It wasn't a conversation to have with a child, so he said nothing of it. After another week of drawing, painting, cutting paper gulls, collecting shells and sand in jars, Faramir deemed his plan was ready to be executed. Having convinced Finduilas to take her lunch in one of the gardens-it was such a nice day after all-Denethor and Faramir set to the task of arranging