I was running. " Shit, how'd he catch up with me?" "Damn it Lillie. He caught up with you because you slept for an hour." "I know but I had to sleep." "No you didn't. You know that." "Fine. I won't sleep unless I shake him off my tail. You happy now?" "Yes." It was four in the morning and I was already arguing with myself. I heard his goatsteps behind me and trying to loose him, I quickly turned down an alley. Of course I'm always the stupid one. I should've remembered from the last time that alleyways are dead ends. " Shit!" I muttered. Then I saw a dumpster by the wall and smirked. I ran over to the dumpster and quickly climbed it and started climbing up the wall. " She ran down here guys." The saytr said. " Does she knows?" A different male voice rung through the distant honking horns. " How long have you been trying to track her down?" A female voice joined the first. " I don't know! I think she does because there always seems to be a monster lurking around every corner. She is smart, fast, powerful and she always seems to know when I'm coming. I've chased her around the globe for about a month." The two male voices whispered to each other. " Yea she knows when your coming because you can't keep your mouth shut. Be quiet or she's gonna hear us!" The female hissed. " She can't hear us Annabeth." " How do you know that for certain?" " Don't worry." I heard kissing sounds after that. I rolled my eyes. Disgusting. I hate relationships. I get to the top of the wall and start to lower myself down from it. I almost slipped because of the slimy black stuff that is on the edge of the wall. I caught myself just before I hit the floor and made a face. That cannot be what I think it is. I thought to myself. " Grover she's not down here! Where'd she go?" The female voice exclaimed. " She's still here." Not for long. I smirked to myself. This girl is outta here! I dropped down to the floor on the other side of the alleyway hoping not to have to much noise. " Guys! She went over the wall." Shit. I start panicking. I ran down the alley only to be meet by another wall. I quickly looked around, desperate for escape. My eyes meet a ladder and I look up to trace its path up the wall. It stopped at an open window. A window I could easily climb through. I quickly scaled up the ladder and slid through the window. I was just in time, too. As if on cue the figures burst into the alleyway. I turned away from the window so they won't see me looking at them. I looked around and meet a pair of grey eyes. He was obviously a demigod, a child of Athena, and I can't sense anyone else so I assumed he is alone. I scooted closer to the kid. I can't help it, he reminded me to much of myself from when I was younger. Alone and scared. " Hey there." I whispered. " You can come out. I won't bite." The child scooted a little into the light. " You're not a monster?" He asked frightened. " No I'm a daughter of Poseidon. Do you know about Greek mythology?" I gently asked. " Yea, I'm a son of Athena. My name is Sam. What's yours?" " My name is Lillie. Do you know anywhere to hide Sam?" " Yea come on." He grabbed my hand and pulled me up two flights of stairs. Sam was a small kid for an eight year old, and with grey eyes and blond hair he was a spitting image of his siblings in the Athena cabin. I noticed the bags under his eyes and decided to give him the best sleep he's probably had in years. " Here's where I live." I looked around." Do you mind if I stay here for a little bit?" " No I'm all alone." He looked sad. My heart swelled at the thought of a little boy being all alone." When I leave do you want to come with me, Sam?" His little face light up." Really?" " Yep I can be your big sister. " He gives me a hug. I smile a bit. It had been two weeks since I started living with Sam. He is adorable. I had been considering going to camp so he can be safer. " Sam?" " Yea Lillie flower?" " Do you want to go to camp?" " What's camp?" " Camp is a safe place for you and me. There's other children of the gods there. We would be safe from monsters there and you could make new friends. Do you want to go?" He hesitated." Do you want to go?" " I want what ever you want." " I want to go then. It sounds fun." He said. " Ok we'll leave in the morning. I'll pack your things for you. You go to sleep because we are gonna have to walk for a while unless I can steal us some bus passes or something because the camp is in New York." He nodded and went to the area we had curtained off. I sat down, put my head in my hands, and sighed. I wasn't lying when I said I wanted him to be safe but I don't want to go to the stupid camp. Camp Half-Blood. I haven't thought of that place for a while. I was at the camp for about a week when I was seven. Dad hadn't claimed me, my mom was dead, the camp thought i was crazy and my spirits were low. I hadn't felt like I belonged there. Yet anyway. I ran away on my birthday. Dad brought me to his underwater palace after a few weeks to help me out. I didn't want to stay there so I left and I've been on the run ever since. I've had a lot of adventures. But now I have seven year old Sam to think about. He deserved to be safe and I'm not going to be around forever to protect him. I nodded. I guess that's it then. I'm not a little six year old anymore. I can handle myself now. I got two bags from by the window. I threw them on the floor and went to the dresser. I get all of Sam's clothes and shoes. He only has three shirts, three pairs of shorts, two pairs of pants, a pair of pjs, and two pairs of shoes. I get his toothbrush and his sword and pack up all his things in one of the bags. I already have the things I need in a backpack. I have two tank tops, one regular shirt, one long sleeved shirt, two pairs of shorts, one pair of jeans, one pair of sweats, one pair of pjs, a pair of sneakers, a toothbrush, and a picture of me and my mom. In the small backpack I pack enough food for a couple days, ten drachmas, twenty dollars in mortal money, four water bottles, toothpaste, and two knives. I zip them up and put them by the door. I let Sam sleep till eight because we stayed up late last night. I woke him up." Hey bud. Time to get going." I shook him. He groans, rolls out of bed and shoves his shoes on. I put on my shoes and pick up the packs. I'll give him a little while before I make him carry his own things. We walked out the door with Sam still rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. After an hour of twists and turns and getting lost, we see the sign that we are in New York. I suddenly stopped. Why didn't I think of this before? I questioned myself. I lead him into an alley and said," Sam we're going to ride a taxi to the camp. I'm surprised that I didn't remember this before." He nodded and I got a drachma from my bag. " Stêthi Ô hárma diabolês." I tossed the coin into the cement. It sunk to the floor and the form of a taxi raises from where the coin sank into the floor. I look at the cab warily. It looks the same from the last time I rode in it. " Hurry up girl!" One of the old hags in the front seat screeched at me. " Nice to see you too Wasp." She grinned a toothless smile." Ah Lillie it's been a while." " Go on Sam. They wont bite, they have no teeth." I usher him into the vehicle. He looked at the cab uncertainly. He looks at me and I nodded encouragingly. He cautiously got in the cab and I climbed in after him." Take us to Camp Half-Blood." " You heard the girl get going!" She shouted. The cab took off. Sam held on to me like his life depended on it. I patted his back as the cab swerved around the corner at eighty miles per hour. After an hour of reckless driving and many near death experiences the hag at the steering wheel cackled," Almost there girly." I shudder. I see the camp borders up ahead and winced. We arrived at camp, Sam and I hopped out. I looked around and smirked. Ok I can deal, it looked way different. I trudged up the hill with Sam following behind me. " Hey!" A familiar voice shouted at me. I guess I looked like a threat but I kept walking through the forest and up to a tall pine tree. " Stop!" He yelled running up. He touched my shoulder I draw out my sword and point it at him. " Listen buddy I don't know you and you don't know me. That means don't touch the me. If you do I won't hesitate to slit you with my sword. Got it?" His eyes narrowed and he brings a pen out of his pocket and uncaps it. It grew into a gleaming bronze sword." You shouldn't mess with me." " Yea well here's the thing bud. I just DID. Deal with it. Buh bye." With those words I sheathed my sword and stalked past a huge tree to the Big House to give Chiron a little talk about his campers. On the way there campers give me strange looks. I sneer at them. One of the girls gave me a look of grudging respect. I walked up to the Big House and stalked right up inside." Chiron?" I yelled opening a door. He was sitting in a wheelchair talking to the wine god. I marched right in and said," Listen, I haven't come all this way just to be screwed with. You need to have a serious talk with your campers about personal bubbles." " Lillie Welcome back. Which camper?" " I don't know. This is Sam son of Athena. Did Dad tell you?" " Yes your father did tell me. You will be staying in cabin three." " Hello Lana. Have a nice trip?" The wine god finally addressed me. "Oh cut the crap Daniel. We both know I can still kick your scrawny ass. And Zeus still likes me better so you can't do anything about it. Which cabin will Sam be staying in?" I addressed Chiron after my rant. " Cabin twelve. Talk to the head counselor. Her name is Annabeth." We wandered around for a while trying to find this cabin twelve. " Ok Sam. Come on." I said to him when I spotted cabin twelve." This is your cabin. Wait here I'm gonna go find this Annabelle person." " It's Annabeth actually. Why do