Hello people! So, a friend of mine has been begging me to write Twilight for a very long time now, which is probably bad, because I haven't read the books. I've just seen the movies. I'm not the biggest of fans - but I find the Cullen's pretty awesome! So, in honor of my friend, Emily, who now lives in Hastings, I'm going to give this a go. This is a prologue... There are a lot of time skips, but it's necessary. Bigger details will come over time. I plan on reading the books while I work on this, so please, be patient with me! :) NOTE: If something is written in a different language, I'll write it in italics (for example, nearly every spoken line in this chapter!). The language will be specified, so don't freak out... But pre-warning- it starts of as French! :) I decided to do it like this instead of actually writing it in French and then having to write the translations later. Just figured it would be easier. :) now... Alice's visions will possibly be in italics also, but I'll figure out what to do about that - and what to do about Edward's thoughts. Seeing as neither are relevant to this particular chapter, I won't worry about it just yet. But don't worry, I'll make it work. :) NOTE 2: The school I mention in this chapter actually exists and is in fact a boarding school. However, the age requirements are slightly different. I changed it for the sake of my story and whatnot... It's a very good school, so if you're into boarding school, you should check it out :) For now... I hope you enjoy this brief introduction. Prologue Nearly everyone living at Ile Saint-Louis was excited to see Sophie finally returning home from the hospital with her newborn. Sophie and Jean Laurent were well known, for many different reasons, amongst the Ile Saint-Louis residents. " Oh! She is beautiful, Sophie! " exclaimed Anne Marie, a plump lady, in her mid-fifties, who spent most of her time either in church or spreading rumours amongst the neighbourhood. Jean Laurent was never fond of Anne Marie - in fact, Jean Laurent wasn't fond of many people at all. Sophie, however, was constantly involved in everything. Whenever there was something new to be taken care of within the community, Sophie was the first to sign up to help. Sophie enjoyed participating in different charities. She'd spend an eternity doing so, if she could. There were many times in which Sophie would travel to different countries in Africa or Central America, on a programme to build houses and schools for those in need. Naturally, the people of Ile Saint-Louis soon found out that the married couple of three years, Jean and Sophie, were expecting their first child, and even during her pregnancy, which already wasn't the easiest, Sophie maintained herself active within the community. As soon as Sophie found out she was pregnant, she began the search for an au pair. She knew she'd need someone to watch over her little bundle of joy whilst she was busy with charity work. Sophie also knew she'd want her child to receive the best education possible, so, during the sixth month of her pregnancy, Sophie contacted her former Headmistress, Madame Baptiste, from Collége Alpin International Beau Soleil , in Switzerland, and informed her that her child would be joining in four years time. Everything was seemingly perfect in Sophie's mind, even if her husband, Jean, was growing more and more distant by the day. Jean worked in finance in central Paris. He was out of the house by eight, and only returned after eleven. Sophie knew all too well his working hours ended at five, but Jean enjoyed meeting friends at Mantes-La-Jolie on a daily basis. On several different occasions, Jean returned home, causing a slight ruckus and awakening many of the early birds of Ile Saint-Louis . Anne Marie was one of those early birds, and she wasn't one to allow things to slide by. One night, after Jean returned from yet another night out in Mantes-La-Jolie , very much intoxicated and smelling of cheap perfume, he began slamming his fists against the oak door of his home. It was clear to those observing, including Anne Marie, that Sophie didn't want Jean near her while he was in that state. Sophie was seventh months pregnant, and the last thing she needed was for Jean to hurt her and end up locked away, leaving her to deal with the child on her own. However, the police did eventually show, and Jean was required to spend the night in a cell. The following three weeks went by smoothly, with Jean leaving the house at eight, but returning by six. Sophie went into labour at eight and a half months of pregnancy. She spent fourteen hours in labour before she was finally allowed to see the face of her newborn. It was, as she had guessed, a girl. Jean wasn't pleased. " I painted the room blue for a reason. " was the first thing Jean said about his child. Sophie, however, didn't mind. She was glad to finally be able to hold her child in her arms. She was happy she could finally have someone she could unconditionally love in her life. That night, Jean went to see his friends at Mantes-La-Jolie , where they drank beer to celebrate Jean becoming a father. It was two days after Sophie and Jean's child was born that they returned home. The residents of Ile Saint-Louis gathered by their home, each person hoping to glance at the newest edition of the neighbourhood. Sophie eagerly held up her daughter in her arms. " This is Annalise !" Sophie told her neighbours. Jean simply scowled at the nosey people and strolled into his home. ... By the time Annalise was old enough to start school, Sophie had already enrolled her in ballet, swimming and English lessons. Since the age of two, Annalise would be awaken by Andrea Mason, her au pair, fed breakfast, and the two would be heading to a swimming lesson by eight. Sophie wanted nothing more than her daughter to experience as many different activities possible - in her mind, every new skill would guarantee a better credit with Collége Alpin International Beau Soleil . Annalise found her first day of school to be terrifying, at the very least. There were hardly any four year olds that stayed at the boarding school, and Annalise felt very much alone most of the time. Annalise found Madame Baptiste to be extremely intimidating. Annalise was required, at all times, to remain perfectly poised and well-mannered. Her school uniform had to be in the best shape, always, otherwise someone would come along and fix it, and they would create the biggest fuss over it, and you would be the talk of the school for hours. Annalise had suffered that, twice, before she learned to wear the uniform the exact way Madame Baptiste liked it. It was only in March, a little before the Easter break, that Annalise made a real friend - Clair. Clair and Annalise looked quite alike, with their dark brown, shoulder length hair, so one of their teachers, whom Annalise found to be quite nice, began calling them 'twins' - and they remained known as the 'twins' until Clair announced she was leaving the school when they were ten. Annalise wasn't sure what she was going to do at school without Clair around. " Anna, we'll be friends forever, no matter where in the world we are. " Clair yelled out of her parents car, as they drove away from the school. Annalise waved, she waved like a crazy person, silently hoping Clair's parents would change their mind decide to allow Clair to stay. Annalise and Clair lost touch after Clair moved to Russia with her family, and Annalise felt lonely at school once again. On many different occasions Annalise tried to convince her mother and father to allow her to go to a normal school in Paris, like many of the children who lived at Ile Saint-Louis , but Sophie would remind Annalise that Collége Alpin International Beau Soleil would guarantee her a place in brilliant universities, such as Cambridge and Oxford. Being only ten, Annalise didn't know much about universities, what they offered, and what she would be required to do there, but this was something both Sophie and Jean couldn't comprehend. ... For the first time since Annalise started boarding school, Sophie had decided to stay in France for Easter instead of travelling to Haiti. Annalise was beyond exhilarated when she saw her mother arrive to pick her up from school, instead of Andrea. Annalise had told her mother all about Clair's departure, and the farewell party her year had prepared for her. Annalise also expressed her desire to stop the ballet lessons and attempt martial arts instead, but Sophie was against this. " Annalise, you're a small and delicate girl. You're not meant to do something dangerous like martial arts. Ballet is perfect and you're so good at it. " Sophie would say, every time Annalise attempted to get out of ballet. Her mother was right, Annalise was good at it, and it was for that precise reason that Annalise wanted to try something new. " And you're getting older now, Annalise, so it's about time you started learning to wear heels, like every girl should. You can't do that while learning martial arts, can you? " " You don't always wear heels, mother. " Annalise said, cheekily. " I only don't wear them if I'm in the middle of nowhere, helping to build a house, Annalise. Otherwise, you'll see me in heels. " Sophie retaliated. " How about tennis? I've always wanted to learn properly-" "If tennis is at a different time to ballet, then yes, my darling. " Sophie said, but Annalise frowned. Tennis, ballet and martial arts were on at the same time. Normally, students who enjoyed all three, would do a term of each, but Annalise didn't have such luck. " And languages? How many are you doing now? I've asked Madame Baptiste to make sure you can do as many as you can possibly fit into the schedule. " " English, German, Italian and Greek. " Annalise listed, seemingly uninterested. " Mother, about ballet-" "Why aren't you doing Mandarin? Or Spanish? " Sophie questioned. " Because-" "Annalise, how many times do I have to remind you? This school will guarantee you a place at a brilliant university, but you need to do your part. You can't rely on the recommendation alone if you don't put any work in. " Sophie scolded. " Mother, I have no time for Mandarin or Spanish, because of Greek and swimming. " Annalise said, rolling her eyes, knowing her mother wouldn't notice. " But I don't like my Greek teacher so- " " You have a brilliant teacher, Annalise, and I suppose I'd rather you know how to swim like a professional ." Sophie smiled. " It's always useful to know survival tactics. " Sophie completely changed the subject after that, reciting everything she had to do around Ile Saint-Louis over the Easter break, before school started again and she had to travel to Kenya. It was four days of being home with her au pair that Annalise finally saw her father. She didn't know where he'd been, but he arrived home smelling and looking terrible. " Annalise... You... Good? " Jean slurred, and Annalise knew he was overly drunk. Hoping to avoid trouble, Annalise simply nodded, and made her way to her room, where she sat on her bed and began reading Matilda for the millionth time. She was half way into the book when she heard a loud crashing noise come from downstairs, followed by a yelp. Worried, she picked herself off her bed and