I need Help By TwilightGirl29 I DONT OWN TWILIGHT S.M. DOES My name is Isabella Swan, but I prefer Bella, Isabella is too formal for me. My Parents Charlie and Renee Swan died in a car accident when I was 18, I am 20 now, I was an alcoholic at the time when Aro found me, I have been his slave for two years now and I hate it, people think I doing it willingly when I'm not but nobody will help me. I only get freedom every once in a while when I go to a club to have a one night stand with some hot guy. "Wake up b!tch" Aro says and slaps me, I get up still half asleep, he slaps me harder "When I say wake up I mean wake the f*ck up" He says and I get up my legs trembling. "Go take a shower you stink Isa" He says. And I go into the bathroom and lock the door and strip and step under the warm water. EPOV :D "Come on Edward it will be fun" Jasper says trying to convince to go to a club with them tonight "If I say yes will you both get off my back?" I ask "Yes" Emmett says "Fine I'll go" I said and they highfive each other. I look at the clock and it 7:55pm "We're leaving at 8 so get ready" Jasper says and they leave my room. I run my hands through my copper brown hair. I put on a white dress shirt, a light leather black jacket, black slacks, and my black dress shoes. I brush my teeth. I grab a monster and chug it. "We're leaving come on Edward before we drag you out" Emmett says. We hop into Emmett's BMV and head to the club SEXY ANGELS , I see the most beautiful girl ever, she has long magohany brown hair, chocolate brown eyes that make me want to melt, she has very little makeup on, she is in a short dark blue dress, that goes to her mid-thighs, and a pair of f*ck me heels that were 3 inches high. She winks at me. I go over to her "Hey Beautiful, wanna tell me your name" I flirted with her "You can call me Bella, Handsome" Bella says "The name's Edward" I said and I kiss her hand. "I can't drink" She says winking at me "'I tend to get very naughty when I drunk" She says in her sex kitten voice. "I'll drink for the both of us" I said and drink two tiny glasses of vodka "Thanks" She says and rubs her foot againist my thigh. She leans down by my ear "Wanna head back to my place" She asks "I would love to Bella " I said loving the way her name sounds on my tongue. She grabs my hand and we pass Emmett and Jasper and I wink at them and they give me thumbs up and we get into a cab "Sorry baby I forgot to bring my car" She says and puts her foot in my lap rubbing againist my groin and it hardens. "Its no problem sugar" I said and I rub her thigh. We arrive at a apartment "Its temperary" She whispers "I have another place, but nobody will hear us here" She says and leaves a faint pink lipstick mark on my cheek. BPOV I couldn't bring him back to Aro's so I brought him to my real home. We walk up the steps, knowing that Alec will be stationed at my door tomorrow morning. I unlock the door and lock it behined us. "Let me tell you the ground rules" I said "1. This only a ONE night stand 2. I like it rough and 3. Leave very early in the morning like at 6AM" I recite from memory. EPOV "Let me tell you the ground rules" She says very seriously "1. This only a ONE night stand 2. I like it rough and 3. Leave very early in the morning like at 6AM" She says. "Not a problem with me Baby" I said and I kiss her rough on the mouth and she locks her arms around my neck, our tongues attack each other, she wrap her leg around my waist and I pick her, her legs lock around my waist, I realized she has no panties on. I stumble into the bedroom and we fall onto the bed. I rip the dress from her body, it was the only article of clothing she had on, I tell her to leave the heels on. She rips my shirt open and buttons go flying everywhere, but neither of us care. She runs her hands down my chest then yank my shirt and jacket off. Then I help her take off my pants, she yanks my boxers off my shoes and socks went along with them. I push her down on the bed and I roll on a condom she hands me. I find her soaking wet and I enter her hard and rough and she moans and I contuine to thrust rough and hard "Harder Edward" She whimpers and I grab her hips and I pound in her, she pull her upperhalf up and kisses me, her tongue slips into my mouth and our tongues mingle together, before she lay back down "Harder!" She yells and I grip her harder and pound faster, I lean down and suck on one of her nipples, she moans, she wraps her legs around my waist, letting me thrust deeper in her "Thats the spot, harder please" She whimpers and I thrust hitting that deep spot "Almost there" She moans and meets my thrusts. She yells my name in pleasure "Edward!". And I found my own shortly after her "Bella!" I collaspe with her in my arms. BPOV God BEST sex ever. We fall asleep immeditely after. I wake up and its 5:50 am "Edward wake up!" I yell "Good morning Beautiful" Edward says "You have to have to get dressed and leave" I said, hoping Alec wasn't already here. "Why" He asks "Now!" I said and I get up and put my dress back on "Edward I told you the rules now get up" I said scaredly. He gets up and dresses in 3 minutes "Atleast give me one last kiss before I leave" He says and I kiss him quickly on the lips and shove him out the door. I get dressed in my undergarments, then a black skirt with a dark blue long sleeve button up shirt with a pair of simple black heels. I brush my hair and teeth. Alec comes in 5 minutes later "You look you've had a rough night" He says "Ya I had trouble sleeping" I lied which I had gotten real good at. He grabs my arm hard enough to bruise and drags me to his car. I already knew we were heading to Aro's. He shoves me into the passenger seat and slams the door, I put my seatbelt on and he slams his door closed, and we drive to Aro's quickly. Alec drags me to the bedroom and I kneel on the floor with my head down "Aw Isa I was worried when you didnt come home last night" Aro says but he hasnt given me permission to talk yet. "You may speak slave" Master Aro says and places my slave collar on. "I was at my apartment Master" I said looking down still "Very good slave, learn only to look at me when I tell you to" He says and pets my head "You may respond" He says. "Thank you Master" I said throught gritted teeth "Well you didnt ask for permission to go to your apartment" Master Aro says Oh shit I didnt think I had too. "You may answer slave" He says "I didn't think I had to Master, I'm sorry please dont punish me" I begged him, but keeping my eyes on the floor. "Well I guess I could let it slip this time" He says "You may speak" He says "Thank you Master" I said. He rips my clothes off and cuffs my hands behined my back, "I missed you last night" Master says and unzips his pants shoves him self into my bottom and it hurts so much because Im so tight and he is so big. I bite my lip to keep from whimpering, he thrusts fast. He stops after 10 minutes. "B!tch you didn't satsfy me whatsoever so suck me" He says and grabs fistsful of my hair and forces his junk into my mouth, then Alec comes in "Aro may I join in?" Alec asks and I already knew he was going to say yes "Of course Alec, her $$ though" Aro says and Alec shoves himself in and I whimper around Aro's junk and I gag when he shoves it all in "I swear to god you throw up, I will beat your tush until it black and blue" Aro says and I contuine to gag but I try to relax my throat but I end up throwing up. I'm dead. EPOV My boss James calls me into his office along with his secretary Jane, I knew they banged. "We have a important business client coming today but he also is bringing someone along with him" James says. They come and I see Bella, in a brown sleeveless shirt that stops about under her breasts with turtleneck and a pair of light blue jean short shorts with flip flops. I see a bulge on her neck and it looks a collar or a necklace something like that. "Hello Aro its a pleasure to see you, and who is this lovely lady with you" James asks "This is Isabella, she is my well you know what" Aro says and winks at James. "I know what you mean" He says. "This is employee Edward Cullen and well Jane is the same as Isabella" James says. "Maybe we should have a playdate sometime" Aro suggests "Aro you know I dont share unlike you" He says. "Edward and Isa you two seem like you know each other" Aro says and I see Bella bite her lip "No I dont know Isabella, its just I think she is really beautiful, you there sir have a beauty on your hands" I said hoping he believes me. "Aw Isa tell Edward thank you" Aro says "Thank you Edward" Bella says "The pleasure is all mine" I said and Aro smiles. I notice Bella staring me at me and then I about barely see her wince and I look down to his boot covered foot smashing her toes. "Well James don't we have business to tend to" Aro says. "Alec" He says to a man who I assume is Alec "Mind watching Isabella for me" He says. Bella doesn't say anything and looks down "No problem sir" Alec says and I see replace his foot on Bella's toes, smashing her toes like Aro did "Jane you'll stay here with Isabella and Alec, Edward get back to work" James says and leaves. I leave the office and get back to work. BPOV My toes hurt so much from Aro's and Alec's boot. Alec stomps down harder on them trying to make me whimper but I don't, Jane stares at me all sad like she feels sorry for me. I was able to cover up the bruises with concealer on my arm, face, and my hips. Alec lets up on my toes only to stomp down harder on them and I cover my mouth to prevent crying out in pain. Alec removes my hands from my mouth and puts them back in front of me and I bite down on my tongue. He stomps down harder on them and I contuine to hold it all in. "Come on Isabella make a sound" He