My Sanity By TwilightGirl29 S.M. OWN TWILIGHT NOT ME ESPOV I see a girl possibly 17,16, sitting on the side of the road crying I think, I stop the car and I run over to her and I pick her up and I lay her on the backseat of the car and I drive home I pick her up and I run into the house "CARLISLE!" I yell and he comes running out of his study and he sees the girl in my arms pulls me into his study and I set her down on a chair and she darts out of it into a corner. "Sweetie its okay no one going to hurt you" I said "Tell the man to go away" She shouts. "He's a doctor he's going to help you" I said and she comes out "Her hands raw from the door made of leather with metal inside it" She says "Carlisle her hands" I said. CPOV I look at her hands and her skin is raw from her knuckles to mid fingers. "She's hurting" The girl says. I have an idea "Will you let me help her" I said "She wants to but she too scared" The girl says and I grab her hands and her eyes dart to me and I see tears in her eyes "Can I help you" I ask "She says yes" the girl says and I sit her on my little sofa and I put some ointment on her raw skin and she tries to pull away "Your hurting her" The girl says and I gently kiss her raw skin once the ointment is rubbed in fully, I gently wrap her hands in gauze, then I wrapped them bandages. "Is that better?" I ask "She says yes" The girl says and I look at her ears they are fine and I look at her feet once I get the sneakers off her feet and they are perfectly fine expect for her nails are a mess. I realize she is a pink bra and dark blue skinny jeans that have holes on them. I put my hands on her ribs feeling to see if they are broken, bruised or cracked. "You have 3 cracked ribs" I said and I wrap her rib section in gauze and bandages "She thought so" The girl says. I press on her shoulder and she winces "He fractured her shoulder" The girl says and I wrap her shoulder up the same way I did her ribs and hands. "Anything else I need to know?" I ask "No she's fine now" The girl says and we help her stand up and Esme puts the girls sneakers back on her bare feet. "Whats your name Babygirl" Esme says "H..He called her Annabell" The girl says. "I don't care what he called you whats your ACTUAL name sweetheart" I said softly. "Her name is Isabella, but she prefers Bella" Bella says "Okay Bella, Im guessing your 17" I said "Correct" Bella says and we take Bella into the living room and the kids are in there and they stare at her and she hides in the corner behined Esme "She wants them to stop!" She screams and bringing her knees up and burying her face in them "Kids you know its rude to stare" Esme says. EPOV Esme stays in front of the girl and Carlisle stands nexts to Esme. "Who is she?" Rosalie asks "Well all we know is that her is name is Isabella but she prefers Bella and that she's 17" Carlisle says. Esme picks up the Bella and Bella holds on to her. "The only ones she allows to touch her really is me and Esme mostly Esme" Carlisle says "Where is she going to sleep?" Alice asks "Probably with us" He says indicating to him and Esme. "Everyone lets go to bed" He says and they head upstairs and we do the same. ESPOV We take Bella into our room and I lay her on the bed and I change into my pjs so does Carlisle. "I think we should sleep with Bella in the middle, I'll sleep in front of her and you can sleep behined her" Carlisle says "Good idea" I said and we do that we both facing her, my hands on her arm and shoulder and Carlisle's on top of mine and we all fall asleep. EPOV I wake up and get dressed, I go downstairs and I hear them talking about Bella "Edward, what do you think of Bella, covered bruises and bandages, she's dressed like a hooker" Rose says. "Hey don't make fun of her" Alice says "She might be a runaway, but got hurt and lost her shirt on the way" Jasper says "She kept talking about herself in a third person, she refers to herself as she" Rose says "I wonder if somebody did that to her?" Emmett says. "Well she was running from something" I said "Or someone" Alice adds. "So where's Mom and Dad" I ask "Still asleep" Jasper says. Just then they come down and Carlisle is carrying Bella and he sets her on one of the stools. "What do you want to eat Bella?" He asks "She likes Cheerios" Bella says and Dad makes her a bowl of cheerios which she eats it eagerly. "Alice I was hoping you could take Bella shopping" Carlisle says "For what more Bras and pants" Rose says "Rosalie! that was not nice" he says. BPOV I get off the stool and I go back upstairs and I lay on the bed curled up in a ball. "Sweetheart whats wrong" I hear Esme ask "They hate her, Blonde girl thinks she is a hooker" I sob. "Oh sweetheart nobody thinks that" She says "Ya they do, they hate her"I sob "I'll be right back ok stay there" She says and leaves the room. ESPOV "Carlisle!" I yell "Whats wrong sweetie?" He asks "Bella's up there crying because she thinks they hate her and that she thinks she's a hooker cause the way she's dress" I said. We go out there into the living room. "Who said it" I said "Said what?" They ask "Who said Bella was a hooker or looked like one" Carlisle says "Rose did" Edward says "Rosalie Hale Cullen you are going to apologize to her" Carlisle says "Esme would you be a dear and go get her" He says sweetly "I would love to" I said and I go up there. EPOV I hear Bella say "She doesn't want to". "Rose wants to apologize" Esme says and we see Esme carrying Bella down the stairs and Bella clutchs Esme shirt. "Rose" Carlisle says and Rose goes up to Esme and Bella "Bella I am very sorry for saying you looked like a hooker" Rose says and her voice apologetic "She says okay" Bella says facing Esme's chest. "How about we introduce you to everyone" Esme says sets Bella on the couch nexts to Alice and she just stares at her with scared eyes. "Hi I'm Alice and I can tell we are going to be great friends" Alice says and hugs her and I notice her hands are bandaged and shaking. "Alice I think your scaring her" I said cooly "Oh I'm sorry" She says to Bella, and Bella gives her a weak smile, "You met Rosalie already, you can call her Rose if you want" Alice says pointing to Rose. "I'm Jasper, Alice's boyfriend" Jasper says and waves from next to Alice. "I'm Emmett, Rosalie's Boyfriend" Emmett says. "And I'm Edward, no girlfriend" I said. "She says Hi" Bella waves her shaking hand at us. "Do you want to wear some of my clothes until we go shopping?" Alice asks "She would love to" Bella says. "Esme do you want to join us or do you trust me with Bella" Alice asks standing up "I think she'll be fine" She says. "Come on Bella" Alice says and holds out her hand to Bella, and very hesitatly she grabs it and Alice pulls her up and she rushes up the stairs dragging Bella with her. APOV Me and Bella are in my room. "Can I take off your jeans, there dirty and I have the perfect pair for you to wear" I ask "She would love to get these off" She says "Its hurt" she whimpers "Where?" I ask "Nothing" She says and looks down. "Bella are you in pain?" I ask and she is silent. "Dad!" I yell and run down the stairs "Yes sweetie?" He asks "I think Bella's in pain" I said and we go upstairs and Bella is still standing where she was when I left. And Carlisle touchs her arm and she flinchs "Don't Touch Her!" She yells and jumps back. And we look into her eyes and she's not here, she seeing something else. She falls to her knees and sobs, saying "no..no..no". I see everyone running in here "Guys stay back, Esme maybe you can get through to her since you found her" Carlisle says, So Esme found Bella not Carlisle hmm interesting. ESPOV I go into Bella and I grab her hands gently "Bella sweetie its me Esme, Im the one who brought you here" I said gently "Esme" She whispers "Its okay Bella" I said and I pull her into my arms and She sobs into it. "Maybe you need a nap" I said "Sleepover" Alice shrieks with Joy. "Fine" I said and Alice shoves everyone out and I set Bella on the bed and she whimpers "Its okay Alice is going to stay with you" I said and Ieave the room. BPOV Alice slips me into Pink long sleeve with white bunnies on it pjs and fluffy slippers and she has on white long sleeve with pink bunnies on it pjs and the same slippers and we lay down on the bed and cover us with her blanket and we fall asleep. EPOV I go and I check on the girls and I peek inside and I see Alice passed out with her arm slung above her head and the other one slung over her stomach, and she actually looks human and I chuckle at that and I look over at Bella and she is curled up in ball. Poor Girl and I leave the room. I hear a window crash and thump outside. "MOM, DAD!" Alice says running downstairs "What happened" They ask "She lost it and jumped out the window and I saw her limping away, It freaked me out, she kept saying he's going to find her" Alice says quickly and runs outside "Alice!" Jasper yells and goes after her and we followed them. APOV "I found her" I yell and we are 10 miles from the house. " She wants you guys to go away!" Bella yells "Bella we aren't leaving" Jasper says and wraps his arms around my waist and he lays his head on my shoulder. "Bella sweetheart are you okay?" Esme asks and there's a huge cut on her cheek "He found her when she was 20 miles from your place, she ran and hid" Bella says and starts to cry and buries her face in Carlisle chest since he was the closest to her and he picks her up and she snuggles closer, clutching his shirt. And we run back to house. Carlisle takes her into his study along with Esme, we weren't allowed in there. CPOV "Bella can I fix your cheek?" I ask "She would like that" Bella and I stitch up her cheek leaving 6 big stitches in her cheek. "Her leg hurts" Bella whines and I look at her leg and it is sprained and I put some ice on it, me and Esme helps her walk into the living room and the kids move off the couch which we sit down. Bella's head in Esme's lap and her feet in my