Hurt By TwilightGirl29 S.M. OWNS TWILIGHT NOT ME :( Chapter 1: The day I found out I was loved by a family I have been locked in this closet for as long as I can remember, My name is Bella Swan well actually Isabella Swan but I like Bella better. He feeds me whenever he wants to and gives me water daily and I am filthy; I havent bathe in like 2 months, he bathes by spraying me with a hose and shampoo for my hair. "Can I come out I promise to be good" I beg him "How many times do I have to tell you, you are never coming out" He says and kicks the door and I whimper and scramble back as far as I can.I havent ate in 3 months. He beats me. I hate it he would come in and whip me and of course I would cry and beg him to stop. I hear yelling and fighting going out there and I try to curl up in the corner as best as I can and the door opens and a man comes towards me and I whimper, he stops "Andrea can you get her out" He says and a woman comes towards me, she helps me up and I slowly walk out. A blanket is put over me and I hide in it, my face uncovered then these men comes towards me and I hide and whimper behind the woman and she waves them off. I am`rushed to the hospital. A blonde hair older man comes in and I hide inside the blanket "Bella" The man says and touchs my arm and I scream and fall off the hospital thing and I huddle in a corner inside the blanket "Esme come in here please" He says. A caramel hair older woman comes in "Its okay Sweetie" She says and stands me up then she tries to take me over to him and I scream falling to my knees "Please dont make me" I sob and lay curled up on the floor, the man has a sad look on his face and the woman rubs my back while I sob. "He's not going to hurt you sweetie" She says "No no no no" I sob "Is anything broken?" She asks and I shake my head no. CPOV (CARLISLE) I havent never seen somebody like this, I mean I have seen kidnapped, abuse, and rape victims but none as worst as her. She lays sobbing on the floor "Esme I need to see her ribs" I said low for only her to hear "Can we see your ribs please?" Esme asks, stands the girl up and gently removes the blanket and she lets her. The girl is in bra and panties, her ribs are poking out of her skin and she is really dirty, her bones are really visible. "Bella what can I do to ensure you that I wont hurt you?" I ask "No this is a trick, he's going to come back and I'll be put back in the dark" She sobs and wraps herself in the blanket and rocks back and forth "The dark?" I ask She starts to sob and Esme looks so sad. "Bella I wouldn't let Carlisle in here if I thought he would hurt you" Esme says and hugs her gently. "I KNOW YOUR HERE LITTLE GIRL" I hear a male yell and she clings to Esme, sobbing now. Edward comes in and looks at the Bella werid and I smack his arm with human strength and she screams "Don't look at her like that you'll freak her out" I said and Bella hears me. "What do you want son" I said "Uhh..I can tell you later, you seem busy" He says and leaves. "Bella Im sorry for my son's behavior if he offended you" I said knowning he could hear me. She nods and I take the opportunity to step closer and she seems to not notice "Bella sweetheart I wouldn't hurt you in a million years, I would kill myself before I do" I said lying at the end since I cant actually die. I step closer until Im inches from her and I slowly move my hand towards her ribs and she leans away slightly flinching and my hand is now on her ribs and she jumps "Cold" She mumbles "Sorry" I said and I feel along her ribs with one hand, nothing broken and I gently feel her arms, legs, and face. I see the fear in her eyes and I go behind her and she tenses up and I feel along her back seeing bruises there and long scars "Nothing is broken" I said. "Bella would you like to come live with us?" Esme asks "What about Charlie-I mean Dad" Bella says and I sigh "He's dead, 2 years of your disapperance, he drove off a cliff it was a quick and painless death. He left a note saying he couldn't live without knowning if you were dead or not. He dedicated his life to finding you and it drove him to madness" I explain and she sobs into my chest. "Bella do you want to live us I wouldnt feel comfortable you living in a foster home" I explain and she nods "I'll go get the papers" Esme says and leaves. "I'll go get you some scrubs" I said and go to leave."Dont leave me" She says and grabs onto my arm. I put the blanket on her and she grabs my hand and we walk out and she tightens her hand on mine and we go to the supply room and I give her some green scrubs to put on and I help her into them. We leave and get into my car and we arrive home and we go inside where my 'kids' are waiting. Bella see Emmett, Edward, and Jasper and freezes behind me "Its okay Bella" I said I rub her back "Is this Eddie's new toy?" Emmett asks "Ya who's the whore" Rosalie says "Its Edward jacka** and she's one of Dad's patient" Edward smacks the back of Emmett's head Got to stay calm for Bella "Rosalie apologize to her" I said and glare at her when Bella wasn't looking. "Why do I have to apologize, she should apologize to me its insult to me just by looking at her flithness" Rose says and I quickly say "She doesn't have to" "Bella it would be best for everyone if you left and never came back" Rose says and Bella turns to leave. Esme comes in "Bella whats wrong sweetheart" Esme asks crouching in front of her "I know when I not wanted" She says "What, we want you sweetheart your a part of this family now" Esme says and hugs her and she hesistately and slowly hugs her back and Esme glares at the kids and Jasper holds his head. Reading my mind wont get you anywhere Edward "Esme block your mind" I said to low for Bella to hear. "She is offically Bella Cullen" Esme says "WHAT!" Rose screams "I refuse to let her live here" She says. "Hey Blondie last time I checked, you dont run this house" Edward says "Bella why dont we get you cleaned up in some fresh clothes of your own" She says and they go upstairs. And Jasper releases his head "God it was like somebody died" He mutters. ESPOV (ESME) I run the warm water "You dont have too" I hear Bella whisper "I want too" I said and I stop the water. I help Bella undress and I help her into the tub where I wash the dirt and filth from her hair which is a beautiful brown color, I give her a wash rag to scrub the dirt off and I drain the tub and wrap her in a towel and put her in one of Carlisle's shirt, I just now notice one of her eyes is swollen shut. "Bella dear what happened to your eye" I ask and reach to touch it but she flinches before I can. She adjusts her hair so her eye is covered. "You ready dear?" I ask. CPOV I already love Bella as one of my own daughters"Bella you look wonderful" I said and I move her hair out of her face and I gasp, her eye is swollen shut "Why didn't you tell me" I ask "It doesn't hurt" She says and I go grab an icepack at human speed and I hold it to her eye gently "Hi I'm Alice and we are going to be bestfriends" Alice says and hugs her and it takes Bella a minute to respond to the hug but softly and hesitatly patting her back. "I'm Jasper, Alice's boyfriend" Jasper says his southern accent coming out and holds out his hand she just stares it "Forget the handshake" He says and takes back his hand "I'm Edward nice to meet you" Edward says and gives her his famous crooked grin. "Emmett, Rosalie's boyfriend you already met her" Emmett says and goes to gives her his famous bear hug but I stop him "Emmett it wouldn't be wise to do that if you want Bella to like you" I said and he nods "Bonding time" Rose says and drags Bella upstairs but not before Bella gives me a scared look. BPOV Rosalie dragged me upstairs not to bond but to shove me in a closet with something propped againist it. I start to freak out and bang on the door screaming for someone to let me out They lied to me tears run down my face and the door rips opens and I see Carlisle, he picks me up and I sob into his shoulder. My legs lock around his waist, my arms around his neck. CPOV "Its okay Bella" I said and I rub her back gently. "I thought *hiccup* you guys*hiccup* lied to me" She sobs even harder "I would never lie to you, I'm sorry for what Rose did" I said and I take her downstairs and Esme comes running over vampire speed but Bella didn't see because her face is buried in my shoulder. "Bella whats wrong" She asks and I see Rose smiling and I hand Bella over to Esme and I grab Rose's arm and drag her outside. ESPOV I rub Bella'a back. "Whats wrong with her?" Alice asks "Rosalie locked her in a closet" I said "I think somebody need a nap though" I said and I take Bella upstairs and I lay her on mine and Carlisle's bed, I cover her up. "Don't leave me" Bella whimpers I'll get Carlisle to since I need to hunt. "I'll go get Carlisle" I said and I see Carlisle and Rose standing in the doorway "Rose has something she wants to say to Bella" Carlisle says "I'll be back later sweetheart" I said and kiss her forehead. I leave to go hunt, Alice and Jasper joins me. CPOV "I'm sorry for locking you in the closet, I didn't know you would freak out like that" Rose says through gritted teeth. Bella nods and Rose leaves to hunt, I go lay down with Bella with my chin on her head "Thanks Carlisle" She mumbles before falling asleep, her blanket covered back is to my chest. "Its no problem sweetie" I said "Aw Carlisle is such a softie" I turn and see Edward and Emmett in the doorway "Sssh, she needs her rest" I said too low for Bella. "Carlisle you need to hunt let Esme or Alice stay with her" Edward says indicating they needed to hunt too and Jasper wouldnt be able to handle her scent. "I'll wait until she wakes up, you two need to hunt though" I said and I hold my breath "Whatever floats your boat Carlisle" Emmett mutters. Bella sleeps for 2 hours before I wake her