Izabella Lebedeva barely noticed the sounds of the dinner party downstairs, instead focusing on the quiet street below. Fluffy snowflakes glowed in the warm light of the gas lamps, before joining their comrades in a soft white blanket. It was New Year's Eve. When she was younger, the most important part of New Year's Eve was the arrival of Ded Moroz, or Grandfather Frost, who brought gifts to children. Now, she wondered what 1917 itself would bring. "Iza? Why are you out here by yourself?" She turned away from the glittering snowy view from the library balcony, and smiled at the bearded man next to her. To his contemporaries and to his students, he was Professor Karol Lebedev, brilliant political strategist and advisor to Tsar Nikolai II. To Iza, he was simply "Papa." "I am thinking, Papa." "Oh?" he teased. "Then we're all in trouble." At Iza's grimace, he continued more seriously, "You worry, don't you?" His eighteen-year-old daughter sighed. "Yes. There has been so much unrest for so many years. Our beloved St. Petersburg was renamed Petrograd to appear less German, your university is now Petrograd Imperial University, and we are at war…again! I understand that the Tsar needs to defend the status of Russia in the Balkans, and why he decided to take over command of his army. However, you told him the losses would be blamed on him, and you were right. Now Rasputin has been murdered." "Which may be a good thing, given the influence he had on the Tsarina and Russian politics," he responded dryly. He gazed it warm brown eyes of his only child, eyes so like his own, and shook his head. "So many times I think that I should have sent you to live with your mother in America. At least you would not be in the middle of all this turmoil." Iza opened her mouth to protest when a handsome man with blond hair entered the library. "Karol Geoffreyevich!" Her father spun round, greeting his friend with a grin. "Carlisle Williamovich! Fashionably late, I see." The two men shook hands, forgoing the traditional three-kiss greeting. Iza shook her head and smiled. It was a running joke with these two. Both Carlisle Cullen and her grandfather Geoffrey were from London, and Dr. Cullen and her father delighted in teasing each other with "rusified" patronymics. "Good evening, Izabella." Carlisle took both her hands, kissing her on both cheeks. Iza looked up into his unusual golden-brown eyes. She had, of course, known him and his wife Esme for nearly half a decade. "You are more beautiful every time I see you. How many young men are there wishing to court you? Twenty? Thirty?" Iza grinned. "I wouldn't know, Dyadya Carlisle. They can't get past Papa." Her father huffed. "You take your time before you settle on a young man, my Iza. You're too special to go to just any one." He turned to his friend. "How is that boy of yours? Still fighting at the Front?" "Actually, he was planning to be here tonight." Iza could actually feel her heart do a little skip. Carlisle and Esme adopted ten-year-old Eduard when a cholera epidemic took his parents. When she met him, he as a gangly bronze-haired fifteen-year-old and she a clumsy thirteen, they formed an unlikely friendship. As they grew, the friendship took on a more romantic flavour. Well, at least it did for Iza. Eduard seemed consumed with cricket (an English sport which became popular in St. Petersburg), his piano, and, of course, his desire to join the Imperial Army. For over a year, the Tsar's army was all he talked about. As soon as he turned twenty, his conscription papers arrived, and he off he went. Dr. Cullen and her father wandered downstairs, deep in a discussion about the war. Iza turned back to her contemplation of the gas-lit street. Soon one of those popular Russo-Baltique cars crunched down their small street, parking close to her father's townhouse. A tall man in a long, tan Imperial Army coat emerged, walking quickly to their front steps. Iza didn't hesitate, but hurried downstairs in time to see him hand his coat, hat, and gloves to their butler, chatting briefly with him. The young man's untamable reddish-brown hair glinted in the light as he gazed around the small crowd of guests, obviously searching for someone. To her surprise, the man didn't go straight to his parents. Instead, when he spotted Iza on the opposite side of the room, his gray-green gaze lit up, and he walked purposefully toward her. "Izabella Karolovna," he greeted her with a smile, taking her hands and lightly kissing her cheeks. Iza held on tightly to his hands, half afraid that her knees would give out. This is ridiculous , she scolded herself. You are acting like a silly school girl. "Eduard!" responded Iza. She tentatively returned the greeting, his cheeks feeling chilled against her lips. "I'm so glad that you were able to come tonight." "I am too." He glanced ruefully toward the empty dining room. "It appears that I arrived too late, though." Iza laughed. "Always looking for something for your stomach," she teased. "Come with me. There's probably food left in the kitchen." She tugged gently at her hands. Eduard, apparently forgetting that he was still holding them, flushed slightly before releasing her. Together they crept into the darkened kitchen. The housekeeper had already left to celebrate New Year with her own family, but old habits die hard. "Do you remember when we used to do this as children?" whispered Eduard. "Children? You were sixteen!" "And seventeen…and eighteen," he grinned. Then his smile faded. "Yes, we were both children then." Iza, who had just discovered the loaf of fresh-baked bread from earlier, turned to look at her friend carefully. For the first time tonight she saw past the uniform that accentuated his lean build and broad shoulders, past the handsome features. She noted that, during the months he'd been away, his face lost its boyish look. Instead, weariness settled in his eyes. He had the appearance of someone who had seen too much, and couldn't forget it. Iza arranged food for both of them on a plate, while Eduard poured himself a glass of red wine. "Would you like to let your parents know you are here, and then come up to the library for your dinner?" she asked. Her friend smiled. "The library – our favourite conversation place," he remarked softly. "I'll meet you there in ten minutes." By the time Eduard paid his respects to his parents and to her father, Iza had already added another log to the library fire and arranged the large "discussion pillows" they usually sat on. The pair talked for more than two hours. Edward told her of the horrors he'd seen. Soldiers slaughtered by the hundreds, and even an isolated village where the people were so hungry that they had resorted to cannibalism. "I travelled to that village with one of my comrades, in spite of warnings not to go there. He wanted to take food to his mother and grandmother. But when we arrived, they didn't recognize him. I could almost read their minds…they were sizing us up for a meal. We left the food and ran." Iza listened, horrified, responding when appropriate. She realized that her friend didn't really want to discuss, but rather to purge. "You can't tell your parents about this, can you?" she surmised shrewdly, when Eduard finally wound down. He shook his head. "Esme would be upset, and Carlisle would worry about me returning to the front next week. It doesn't matter, though. They can probably hear me anyway." What? That didn't make sense. "They can hear you?" "I mean they will hear of it anyway," he corrected quickly. "What of you? Tell me about your life in Petrograd in my absence. Any suitors for me to drive away?" Iza responded with an unladylike noise. "Why is everyone suddenly asking about my suitors? You know perfectly well that most men are put off by intelligent women." The dying firelight danced across her friend's frowning face. "Only the stupid men, and you would be bored with a stupid man anyway. You are a beautiful woman, Iza. Beauty and intelligence are an enticing combination." Iza fought to keep her expression and breathing normal. He looked so serious, his gaze taking on a new intensity. She wished she were brave enough to ask him what he really meant. Eduard studied her face, then sighed. "There are many things that I wish I could tell you, but I can't. Not yet." "When?" she blurted, before her common sense had a chance to stop her. He remained silent for a moment. "Soon," he eventually responded. "Hopefully, soon." The chiming of the library clock startled them both. "Midnight," stated Eduard, his signature grin flashing. "Another year." Iza stood up quickly. "We'd better go downstairs to the others, before the twelfth chime." Eduard stood also, abruptly grasping her shoulders and pulling her toward him. "Happy New Year, Iza." To her astonishment, he bent his head and kissed her lightly on her lips. Iza stared up at him, stunned. They both smiled shyly at each other before hurrying downstairs to the party. It wasn't until much later that Iza realized that she didn't wish him "Happy New Year" back. She never had a chance to do it later, either. The next day her father told her that Eduard had been called back early. As the year passed, Iza saw nothing of her friend. In fact, she barely saw his parents either - they always seemed to be travelling. The political unrest worsened. For over a week in early 1917, terrible riots and strikes broke out in Petrograd. Regiment after regiment of the Petrograd army garrison, who were supposed to be quelling the demonstrations, joined them. Eventually the Tsar was overthrown, and a provisional government installed. Several members of the aristocracy actually welcomed the change, hoping for advancements in industrialization. However, when the exiled leader of the Bolshevik revolutionary party, Vladimir Lenin, crossed German enemy lines from Switzerland to return to Russia, an undercurrent of fear grew among Karol Lebedev and his friends. "Lenin doesn't care about the people, Iza," he told her once. "He cares about his own megalomania." Iza and Eduard managed to exchange letters, magically transported by Dr. Cullen, who said he know of a "special mail route." Eduard wrote of heavy losses and dwindling hope for victory against the Germans. By summer, although she continued to write, Eduard's letters stopped. Eventually the Cullens disappeared as well. They never said anything about Eduard, and Iza feared the worst. For several nights, her pillow bore witness to her grief. Every few days, she walked to the square outside the Palace, to scan the lists of names of those who were lost to the war. Hope flickered to life each time she saw that his name wasn't there. Soon afterward, Iza's father asked her to join him in the library one evening. His face looked like it aged overnight. "Iza, last night armed men broke into the home of Baroness Natalia Petrovna, burning it to the ground. You remember her son Mikhail, don't you?" Iza nodded, stunned. "Did they survive?" "Yes, thanks be to God. They fled to a neighbour. Another family friend, Prince Ivan, was beaten to death while hiding from a mob in a train station. It's becoming clear that Petrograd, their family home for centuries, is no longer safe for aristocrats. The Bolsheviks are determined to wipe out an entire class of people." Iza's mind flashed through all the possibilities. "Do you think the Cullens are a target, and they fled? What should we be doing?" "I don't know, Izochka. They need the universities for the war effort. We should be safe for now." Privately, Iza thought that the temporary government need engineers at the university, not historians and