Disclaimer: I own none of the characters here. I just use them for my own amusement. JK Rowling and co. own them No copyright infringement intended. Summary: When two old enemies meet up again, will they be able to look past their differences and get along? What happens if they fall for each other but he's slated to marry someone else? Will he follow his heart or his parents' wishes? Dramione. Author's note: Lyrics by Taylor Swift. Wildest Dreams He said let's get out of this town Drive out of the city Away from the crowds I thought heaven can't help me now Nothing lasts forever But this is gonna take me down He's so tall, and handsome as hell He's so bad but he does it so well Hermione sat at her desk inside the Ministry poring over her case files for an upcoming trial. Her newest trainee was busy filing in the corner of her office and she tried not to look at him. He'd been working there almost a week now but they'd said barely three words to each other that weren't absolutely necessary. Hermione had never felt more awkward in her life. Mostly because her trainee was no stranger to her. He was Draco Malfoy. She hadn't seen or heard of him really since right after the war when he and his family had been on trial themselves. But they were let go because it was deemed they were coerced into helping Voldemort. And after that, Hermione hadn't given Draco much thought. She assumed he went on with his high society life and sat in his manor with his father and counted their money. So imagine her surprise when her boss told her that her new assistant was none other than Draco Malfoy. Why would he even need or want a lowly job like this, she wondered. But she didn't have the guts to actually ask him. For his part, he did everything she asked him to do and didn't outwardly complain. In fact, he tried really hard not to say a word and just get through a day. But on the inside he was upset to be there at all. He didn't think he needed the job. And he certainly didn't want to be working for Granger. That was the ultimate nightmare. Mostly because he knew he'd been an utter prat to her their whole lives. He couldn't believe she didn't have him scrubbing toilets with a toothbrush, except that did fall outside the realm of his job description. But she was unbelievably quiet around him. She'd bark a few orders at him, and then sit at her desk in silence with nothing but the sound of papers shuffling to fill his ears. It was maddening. He wished she'd just talk to him. Even if to say how much she hated him. But he didn't hate her anymore. He felt somewhat grateful to her and Potter for what they'd done in stopping Voldemort. It was something he couldn't do himself, so he was relieved they were up to the task. But they were hero types, unlike him, so it wasn't a big surprise. However it seemed obvious that she would rather die than give him the time of day. He wished it were different. And that's what he was thinking as he stood with a file in his hands and just started at Hermione for a moment. He was lost in thought and didn't realize what he was doing until she looked up at him. "Is there something wrong?" she asked with some slight annoyance in her voice. "No, it's fine. I was just lost in thought. You know, filing is rather dull," he admitted, looking away from her. "Well I'd like to say it gets better, but that's why I have an assistant. So I don't have to take the time to file," she said with a sigh. "Isn't there anything else I could do?" he wondered to her. "Yes, you could get me a cup of coffee. That would be splendid," she said, holding out her empty mug. "Coffee? Now I'm fetching you coffee? I feel like a house elf," he grumbled as he snatched the cup out of her hand and exited the office towards the break room. He didn't understand why she was so cold to him. Or maybe rather, he didn't want to remember why she would be so cold to him. He knew why, he supposed. It just seemed like a lifetime ago when he was calling her names. He'd changed. And he didn't much care anymore who her parents were or whether or not her blood was pure. But he didn't dare try and bring it up and make nice with her. He was too afraid she'd shoot him down and not accept his apologies. So he remained silent and just got her coffee. Only he didn't know how she liked to drink it. So he grabbed up creamer and sugar packets and shoved them in his pockets. Then he trudged back to the office. He sat the coffee cup down and dumped the sugar and creamer packets on her desk. "I don't know how to make your coffee so you can do it yourself," he said softly. "I like two cream, two sugars. Just so you'll know for next time," she said coolly, opening up the sugar and dumping it in her drink. "Right. For next time. So do I ever get to do anything important? Fetching coffee wasn't exactly what I had in mind when I asked for something different to do," he told her with a sigh. "You're still learning the ropes. So I'm afraid this is all there is to it for now. Perhaps at a later date I'll show you how to set a trial in order. But that's far too complicated right now," she told him stuffily. "Complicated? You do realize I'm not daft. I was right up at the top of our class with you in school, so I'm not some imbecile who can't understand things," he complained boldly. "Malfoy, you just do as I say for now, alright? I don't have time to teach you how to do what I do right now. Just be quiet and keep filing," she said with exasperation. "Fine. Whatever. Don't think I don't realize why you're doing this," he said somewhat under his breath, but she heard him. "Doing what?" "Treating me like garbage. I know you hate me. But I'm not your enemy anymore." "I didn't think you were my enemy. And I never said I hated you. I'm indifferent. I'm not treating you any differently than I'd treat any other trainee," she informed him. "But see, you can't be indifferent. We have a history. And it's not all that glowing. I'd wager you'd at least speak to another person and not just ignore them," he shot back. She sighed and ran her hands through her hair. "What do you want me to say, Malfoy? It's weird having you here. I-I don't know what you want me to say," she admitted uneasily. "What's so weird about it? I'm just here to do a job like everyone else," he pointed out. "Why do you even need this job anyway? Where have you been the last three years?" she asked finally. "My father wants me to have a respectable job. I've been in hiding basically for the last three years. I got my own place and lived off my trust fund. But my father says it's time for me to stop gallivanting around without a care in the world. So that's why I'm here," he explained, relieved to be able to explain himself and not have her just avoid speaking to him. "Well I hope you enjoyed your time off. Because now that you're employed here, this is what the job entails. Like it or leave it," she told him, as she picked up another case file absently and pretended to look at it. He was hoping for a better dialogue to happen, but it was clear she wanted nothing to do with him. So he just sighed and picked up a file too. "Fine. I'll file. And keep my mouth shut. It's not like I really wanted to talk to you in the first place," he muttered. She tossed her file down and looked at him. "If you don't want to talk to me, then why are you talking to me? I thought things were fine when they were silent. What would we talk about anyway?" she asked him pointedly. "I don't know. Anything. I know nothing about you really. What have you been up to, besides working here, that is?" he asked her curiously. "You wanna know what I've been doing? Why? We're not friends. We'll never be friends," she said giving him a look. "Why can't we be friends?" "Because you're the one who hated me. Why do you want to be my friend?" "I don't hate you. I've changed. None of that stupid stuff I used to say even matters anymore," he said vehemently. "It doesn't matter? To you, maybe. But to me it still matters. You used to call me names any chance you got. Am I just supposed to forget that now because you've supposedly changed?" she wanted to know. "Look, you don't have to believe me. I'll just prove it to you somehow. Like keeping my head down and doing as you say. I'll even fetch your bloody coffee without a word. You'll see I've changed," he told her. "You don't have to prove anything to me. I don't care," she said with exasperation. "Fine." "Fine." "Great." "Yes, it is great. Now get back to work," she said finally, ending their little standoff. She just shook her head and didn't understand why Draco Malfoy would want to be her friend now. She was still just a filthy little mudblood to him. She was sure of it. Any pretense of friendship was simply for show because he was a fish out of water and it was her pond. He only wanted to make nice so she'd stop giving him shit work to do. That had to be his ulterior motive because she refused to believe he actually had changed. That'll be the day. People like him never changed. Especially since he was obviously still following Daddy's orders if that was the entire reason he had the job in the first place. She just couldn't let her guard down around him. Because that's when she knew he'd probably say or do something unforgivable again. No, she wasn't going to let him get to her. She'd just keep piling on grunt work until maybe he got bored enough to actually quit. That would make her life complete. The next morning she arrived and found that Draco was already there. He was sitting at his own little desk with a bagel in his hand and a cup of coffee. When she looked at her desk she saw another bagel sitting there waiting for her, along with her cup of coffee just the way she liked it. She looked at him curiously. "What's this?" she asked suspiciously. "It's a bloody bagel. What does it look like? I figured you might be hungry since you never eat breakfast. You should have something more than just coffee," he told her with a mouthful of his own bagel. "How do you know I never eat breakfast?" she wondered with a dumbfounded expression on her face. "I just know. Am I wrong? You don't have to eat the bagel, but it's not poisoned or anything," he informed her. She put her briefcase down and sat at her desk. She was famished honestly. She never did have time for breakfast. But she still didn't know how he knew that. Did she look starved all the time? Perhaps. Maybe it was the way she'd sneak bites of her lunch