Disclaimer: I own none of the characters here. JK Rowling and company own them. I merely play with them for my own amusement. Please don't sue. I have nothing of value anyway. Summary: Harry is caught in a love triangle to rival all else. He's found himself questioning his sexuality and is owning up to his attraction to Draco Malfoy. Meanwhile Draco is cozying up to Hermione, who won't give him the time of day. And Hermione keeps thinking there's hope for her and Harry to have a future together. It's a tangled web of emotions and will anyone get what they want? Set a couple of years after Hogwarts ended. Told from Harry's POV. Drarry. With talk of Harmony and Dramione. Three is a Crowd My life has never been ordinary. Not for a long time anyway. They call me the Boy Who Lived, but really I haven't done a lot of living lately. I share a house with my best girlfriend, Hermione and we both work for the Ministry of Magic. I'm an Auror in training and she works in Department of Magical Creatures. Neither of us have a social life to speak of. She dated my other best friend Ron for a while but it didn't work out. And I dated Ron's sister Ginny, which ended horribly and now she doesn't even want to look at me. I would tell you what happened but it's mortifying. But since I'm here to tell a story, I guess I don't get to pick and choose which parts I tell you or not. Basically we had disastrous sex, or rather non-sex, and she called it off. Didn't even give a bloke another shot! But the truth was, I didn't really want one. In my head I was all confused about who I was and what I wanted. But I never shared that with anyone else. And we mutually agreed to just tell people our chemistry was lacking. It wasn't a lie. It's just no one else knew that I was wishing she was somehow a guy. I should mention that I'm sexually ambiguous and don't know who or what I want. I'd say I'm more attracted to men, but women have a certain charm to them. Like Hermione. She has charm. And we're very close. Sometimes I think we're a little too close for friends, but she likes it that way. Me? I don't know what I like. Or who I like. I just know my life changed the day Hermione brought home a work colleague that we both knew well and hated ferociously. Draco Malfoy. The two of them were tasked with a project that was slated to last several weeks to complete and this meant he'd be hanging around our house a lot. We were both none too happy about this, and neither was Draco. But he'd changed a lot since school and wasn't near as much of a prat. He was just obnoxious a lot of the time and had an obvious crush on Hermione, which she did not return. And this caused problems because he'd come to me to talk about her. And what was I to say? She couldn't seem to stand him. But I, on the other hand, found myself spending a lot of free time with Draco. He was funny. And he was cute. And he was completely unattainable. The three things I seem inexplicably drawn to without fail. But I wasn't the only one attracted to the unattainable. We all were. All three of us. Hermione fancied me, Draco fancied Hermione, and I fancied Draco. This was a recipe for disaster. And I'm here to tell you our story. My name is Harry Potter. And this is my life. Today was really like any other day. I went to work, came home to find Draco Malfoy in my kitchen eating leftover pizza, while Hermione yelled for him to hurry up and come back to the living room with some sort of case files. Honestly Draco seemed as bored by the case files as I was, and would much rather ask me about my day than anything else. "So Potter, what's happening in your world? They send you out after any dark wizards by yourself yet?" Draco asked, as he shoved a piece of cold pizza in his mouth. "Ugh, no. They say I'm not ready yet. But I think I'm plenty ready to go after one measly dark wizard when I killed Voldemort at seventeen," I lamented. "Still don't trust you eh?" "Nope." "I think you were born ready. I can't believe the shit you used to do. It's pretty impressive," Draco admitted. "Thanks," I stammered, not used to hearing such kindnesses coming from his lips. "I expected you to make fun of me." "Nah. I've grown. Besides I'm just glad no one's coming after me or my family. And I know I have you to thank for that," Draco shrugged. It was true. My testimony about Draco's family and his mother's lie to Voldemort really helped them out of a bind. They were let go and got a second chance, but not everyone agreed with it. Including Hermione. But she was making due with working with him. But she was impatient. "Draco, hurry up. I'm sick of doing your share of the work too," Hermione said as she burst into the kitchen, interrupting us. "Relax princess. I was just talking to Potter. Did you know they won't send him out alone yet? I think it's right stupidity they're keeping him stifled," Draco told Hermione. "Please don't call me princess, you Neanderthal. Just get your pizza and come back to the living room. Or else we'll be here all night. And sorry Harry. It sucks they won't let you go out," Hermione added as she gave me a peck on the cheek and grabbed a Coke from the fridge. She was in and out so fast I couldn't even say anything. Draco looked at me. "Is she always this big of a pain in the ass?" he wondered. "Always." "I would love to get her between the sheets, if you know what I mean," Draco sighed dreamily. My mood fell instantly. "Good luck with that one. It'll never happen. Trust me." "Why not? She doesn't give you any play either?" Draco wondered. "We're just friends. So no. But she hates you. I'd have a better chance I think," I informed him, knowing full well it was true. One time Hermione got drunk and tried to seduce me. I refused, and the next day I pretended like I didn't remember what happened. It was for her sake. But I never forgot. I just didn't want it to complicate our friendship. But I knew there was no chance in hell she'd ever sleep with Malfoy. "Mark my words. One of these days, she'll want me. I don't know when, but I'll be there. And I'll slip in and have a real nice day. There's something so hot about a girl who hates you, you know?" Draco said with a shrug. "I wouldn't know." "I mean, look at me," Draco said, holding up his hands and turning around for me to get a good look at his physique. I gulped audibly and Draco laughed. "Even you were checking out my ass, weren't you?" "What?" I stumbled over my words awkwardly. "N-no, I wasn't!" "Yeah you were. It's okay. I mean, it is a good ass. I'd stare at it too if I could see it properly without needing to be a contortionist," Draco mumbled. "I wasn't looking!" "Whatever. Point is, she won't be able to resist me. I just gotta be patient," Draco said nonchalantly. "Well I wasn't looking at your ass so I don't know if it has superpowers or not," I said indignantly. I was in fact looking at the ass. And it was spectacular. But that was beside the point. I still didn't think Hermione would fall for it. But I would. In a heartbeat. If only Draco weren't so straight. "I bet you could get a girl too if you wanted. You're not so bad. I mean the hair is all wrong and the glasses are lame and the scar? Well, I'm sure someone could overlook those things. Turn around and show me your ass," Draco said with a grin. "What? No! You are so weird. Just go back to work with Hermione before she comes back in here and kills you," I said, feeling my face turn red. Draco walked past me and slapped my ass and said, "Oh yeah, that's not bad," with a chuckle. Hmm, maybe he wasn't so straight after all? But then he was gone. He walked out of the kitchen. And I just figured he was messing with me big time. It was his favorite thing to do. He ate our food and lived to turn my face colors and drive Hermione and I both insane. But there was something kind of charming about it. Like he found it charming that a girl would hate him, I found it kind of charming that he was such a pain in the ass. Maybe we both needed therapy? I went out to the living room with the last of the pizza and just sat on the couch and watched as Draco and Hermione bickered over paperwork. I kept noticing the way Draco would lean over close to Hermione and she'd respond by pulling back and away. Then she'd look up at me all nervous like and I could tell she was wondering what was going on in my head. But the only thing I could really focus on was Draco's shoulders and the slope of his neck and the way his messy blonde hair fell haphazardly into his eyes now that he was older and didn't wear so much product in his hair. He always looked like he'd just had a good shag and I wondered how often that was true. It seemed like he was always here these days so it probably wasn't true enough. But today was Friday night. It wasn't a night to work forever. It was to have fun. So I suggested this to the crowd. "We should do something fun. Work can fuck off for a while, don't you think?" I said to them. "You want to do something fun? Like what?" Hermione asked with confusion, seeing as how I was a total homebody recluse most of the time and never suggested these things. But I wanted to impress Draco. I wanted to be fun like he was. "I don't know. We could have some drinks. I've got loads of whiskey and also you've got all that wine people keep giving you that you rarely drink. Let's get drunk!" I tossed out randomly. "I'm sure Draco has better places to be," Hermione said, giving him a look. "Nope. I don't. And you know what, sod all this work. Like Harry said, it can wait a while. Let's have some fun," Draco readily backed up my outrageous plan. "Fine. I suppose it is getting late and it is Friday night. But I'm not drinking that much!" Hermione protested. "No worries. We'll drink enough for all of us. Right Harry?" Draco smirked at me. "Definitely." The truth was, I wasn't a big drinker. I did it sometimes and I had a big supply on hand for other people, but I rarely ever partook. So you could say I was a lightweight. Whereas I assumed Draco had been sipping two hundred year old bottles of cognac in his nappies. But I was determined to make this a good time. Not that I thought it would get me anyplace with Draco, but it might at least give me some cool points. I got out my bottles of whiskey and Hermione got a bottle of wine, and we all just opened it up and went to town.