The East Gate From The Bridge of Khazad-Dûm "There was a guard of orcs crouching in the shadows behind the great door-posts towering on either side but the gates were shattered and cast down. Aragorn smote to the ground the captain that stood in his path, and the rest fled in terror of his wrath." J. R. R. Tolkien This is a story of what might have occurred had the orcs not fled, but instead multiplied and just kept on coming… It has been written by a gestalt creature named Eastgaters. This creature was bred by Baylor, who suggested a role playing game that would eventually be turned into a story for all to read. To make her creature, she took seven other unsuspecting writers and allotted them each a character. This is the cast: Frodo – Baylor Samwise – Budgielover Pippin – Marigold Merry – Llinos Legolas – Mainframe Aragorn – Nilramiel Boromir – Rachel Stonebreaker Gimli – Q There are sometimes other random characters but these will be announced as they become relevant. Also on occasion one of the other writers may have understudied another writer's character in addition to their own. The beta was by Marigold and Llinos, and Llinos put it into story format. Enjoy! Chapter 1 The Frantic Fight The fires went out, and blank darkness fell. The Company stood rooted with horror staring into the pit. Even as Aragorn and Boromir came flying back, the rest of the bridge cracked and fell. With a cry Aragorn roused them. "Come! I will lead you now!" he called. "We must obey his last command. Follow me!" They stumbled wildly up the great stairs beyond the door – Aragorn leading, Boromir at the rear. At the top was a wide echoing passage and along this they fled. Frodo heard Sam at his side weeping, and then he found that he himself was weeping as he ran. "Doom, doom, doom," the drum-beats rolled behind, mournful now and slow; "doom"! They ran on. The light grew before them; great shafts pierced the roof. They ran swifter. They passed into a hall, bright with daylight from its high windows in the east. They fled across it. Through its huge broken doors they passed, and suddenly before them the Great Gates opened, an arch of blazing light. -0000- A contingent of orcs barred the way but behind them the Gates were shattered and cast down. In a red fury, Aragorn, never breaking his stride, leapt forward to face the captain. At his heels, the Fellowship drew their weapons and rushed forth. Even as Legolas pivoted in one fluid motion to face the horde of foul misshapen creatures that filled in behind them, he simultaneously plucked an arrow from his depleted quiver. Though still feeling the shock of Mithrandir's fall and fully aware that they were desperately outnumbered still, Legolas' heart lifted a notch as his body soaked up the warmth and pure light of Anar. The Gates. They were so close and had paid dearly for their passage thus far through Moria. 'Mithrandir …No'! He admonished himself sternly. The time for grief would have to wait. Focus on the task at hand. He noted the hobbits naturally gravitated towards each other as battle was engaged. Sam beside his master and Merry and Pippin on Frodo's left. Boromir and Gimli fought either side of Aragorn and the three managed to give Legolas enough room to fall back slightly from the front line to cover a wider area. Sam struggled to stay at Frodo's back as he attempted to clear his eyes from the tears still running down his face. Gandalf had charged him not to leave Frodo and Sam didn't mean to. He couldn't think of the old wizard now, of what his fall meant to the Quest. He lowered his head and fought on, trying to keep himself between his master and the screaming orcs. The pain in his side momentarily forgotten, Frodo drew Sting and leaped forward. The blade blazed blue and a cold fury fuelled Frodo as he thrust it into a small orc at the front of the line. He was dimly aware that the Fellowship was woefully outnumbered but from the scenes he was glimpsing out of the corners of his eyes, he knew that his companions were caught up in the same fierce frenzy that he was. The air seared his lungs with each breath and he knew not if it was from his injury or if his throat was raw from his screams when they had lost Gandalf. He pulled Sting from the fallen orc and swung round to meet the next foe. Even as he did so, his eyes sought for a way through the line into the bright, sunlit safety beyond. He waited for Aragorn to signal whether they should keep fighting or try to break through. The brilliant light of the outside world blinded Sam and he was sure his master was in no better shape. The incandescent blue of Sting was muted by the bright daylight and he saw that it was black to the hilt with orc blood. His own sword, too, dripped dark blood that ran over the hilt and stained his hand. His brow burned and he raised his fingers to it, seeing red blood as he lowered them. When had that happened? The blood was running into his eyes now, burning and blurring. The dark shapes wavered in his vision and impatiently he swiped his hand across his bleeding brow, smearing the wound into a red mask. They couldn't keep up this pace. His breath was rasping in his throat and beside him, Frodo was beginning to stagger as he fought. The Big Folk were trying to protect the four of them Sam knew, trying to keep them to the centre. But there were too many foes and they were too large. The orcs knew this place and the Company did not. With no time to act, let alone think, Boromir scrambled to Aragorn's right flank hoping Gimli would take the left and trusting in Legolas' bow and short swords to protect the rear. Without the wizard he worried for the safety of the hobbits. Boromir had only half a moment to parry with another orc before he was overwhelmed by a press of potshard steel and hideous faces. His shield, still slung over his back, protected him from the rear attacks. He could feel blows raining hard upon it. A familiar coolness came over him as he continued to thrust, chop and parry. But although he hacked and slew more orcs than he could count, still they came on. Arrow after arrow flew, meeting their mark until all were spent. Slinging his bow over his head and one shoulder, Legolas drew his twin, bone handled knives, turning away from the gate to fend off the relentless orcs, cutting and thrusting, he hacked with centuries of practiced ease, keeping a rearguard action to protect the small beleaguered group. Pippin had been trying not to weep for Gandalf as they fled towards safety, remembering what Boromir had always taught him and Merry about not grieving for the fallen until the battle was won or others may die because of your distraction. And it had been just as well he was making such an effort to keep himself as calm as he could for it seemed they were not free yet. There was no time to count them, but it seemed that dozens of orcs blocked their way to the freedom that lay just out of reach. Thanks to the light of the fires that had been set to block their way the bright sunlight ahead did not blind him as it might have had they come upon it suddenly after four days of almost complete darkness. Still his eyes were filled with tears from the brightness even as he turned away from the light to fight the pursuing orcs. He only hoped that the enemy would have the same problem, but it was not so. Apparently these orcs were here in front of the gates because they could tolerate sunlight and Pippin found himself hard pressed. Gandalf was gone! It hardly seemed possible. Merry felt the shock still rippling through his brain, his senses had gone numb and he was vaguely aware that he was cutting and slashing with his sword. The action had become second nature now. Boromir had taught Pippin and him well. They were killing these benighted creatures without even thinking. He knew, without looking, that Pippin was beside him – Pip was always beside him in a dangerous situation. It was where Merry wanted him to be. He was responsible for his little cousin, he had promised both their fathers to always take care of him. Merry too had turned to face the pursuing orcs and Pippin knew he now fought near his side for he could hear his cousin panting with effort, echoing his own laboured breathing. The eight Fellowship members now formed a circle, their backs to the centre, all of them facing outwards to their enemies. Aragorn, Frodo and Sam looked towards the gates, battling the orcs that stood between them and freedom, with Gimli and Boromir at either side, while Legolas, Merry and Pippin faced back into the mine attempting to fend off their pursuers. But they were beset on all sides and orcs soon broke through their defences as the circle widened under the relentless assault. Pippin realised that Frodo was behind them now, closer to the freedom promised by the broken gates. He was also engaged in fighting for his life and Pippin started to back up, trying to make his way to him. To protect Frodo was why they had come. He had to protect Frodo… 'One, three, five, three ...' by the numbers as Boromir had schooled them. Two had fallen to Pippin's blade already and he felt himself sprayed with a jet of foul black blood as he hewed the sword arm off a third. As he lunged to finish that one, the hobbit, still moving backwards, slipped on the blood that was coating the floor of the chamber and fell. But it saved Pippin's life. As he hit the ground a large orc that had been coming upon him from behind tripped over him and his jagged blade drove instead into the orc that Pippin had just mutilated. ' Well, that was helpful!' Almost without conscious thought Pippin scrambled to his feet and drove his blade into the back of the second orc. Then he whirled, trying to take a brief moment to find his bearings and his companions in the fearful confusion and carnage. Boromir was near him and there was Gimli. He thought he could see Aragorn near Frodo but the light was too bright to be sure. Where was Sam? He couldn't see Sam or Legolas or… "Merry!" He had become separated from Merry. He couldn't see him! Oh, where was Merry? "Yaakakkkk!" Merry slashed down again and then swung his sword in an arc to decapitate the filthy faced goblin that was bearing down on him, the loud cry startling him from his strange reverie. This was no time to be pondering – the moment was upon them and their lives were at stake. "Pip!" Merry's shout was lost in the cacophony of the battle. He looked frantically around as he realised with sinking heart that while his mind had wandered, he had lost sight of Pippin for a moment. There – there he was! The smaller hobbit was backing up, slashing his sword in every direction as he made his way to Frodo. Then he fell! Pippin was down! "No!" Merry felt himself begin to panic. He watched in horror as a large orc raced towards his prone cousin, sword raised. But even as Merry lunged forward to try and help, the orc tripped over Pippin's body and fell.