The Hooded Man. Disclaimer: Neither Aragorn nor Legolas belong to me... (a shame really). Also... I don't have any rights to say anything about Robin Hood. But as I'm not making money with this fic (another shame) I guess it will be all right. Right? Rating: PG (or PG-13 for the really tender hearted) Written for: the Teitho Fairytale Challenge. (fairy tale ME style) The Hooded Man. He could no longer watch in silence from behind the bushes. He believed in Honour and Justice and Freedom. In his opinion a king should treasure those thing above all else. Every wise man should. But apparently John II, ruler of a small kingdom of man that once was a part of Gondor, was neither a king nor a wise man. And his soldiers were even worse. The hooded man notched his bow and aimed. "What are you doing ?" His friend asked beside him, worried; shocked even. "I cannot let this happen." The hooded man answered. "There is no justice in this. It is madness. The peasant is right, his children are starving, he had every right to shoot the deer." "You are aiming at the soldiers." his friend observed. "Those soldiers are men like you. Your own kin." The hooded man shook his head. "Not my kin. I've chosen exile." "Your kin still" The other figure argued. "That peasant is my kin now. And if I don't shoot the soldier the peasant will die." The hooded man snapped. His companion did not answer. "I'm shooting now." The hooded man said. His companion did not answer and turned his head away from the scene before them. "Shoot with me." The hooded man asked. His companion shook his head, without looking at the man beside him. "No" he whispered, as if the word caused him great pain. "No Aragorn, I cannot. I'm no kinslayer, do not try and turn me into one. Do not ask this of me." "Legolas..." His friend turned away. "Legolas… Please shoot with me. There are too many soldiers; I cannot do this alone. Help me save the peasant. Please. It is the right thing, my friend. Shoot." The elf did not answer. He didn't even look up. Yet he slowly drew his bow and aimed. "We'll be outlaws after this." Legolas whispered. "We'll be doomed forever." "If there is no justice in a law, I'd rather be an outlaw." Aragorn replied. Legolas slowly shook his head. His face was pale, his hands were shaking. Yet he shot. He missed on purpose, but he did shoot. "Sir! Wait a minute, sir! Not so fast! That was amazing, sir! Sir! Wait, sir!" Aragorn slowed down and allowed the boy to catch up. "You scream loud enough to attract every soldier in the forest, boy. Are you insane?" "You are him , are you not?" The boy nearly wet himself in excitement. "Who?" Aragorn asked. The boy's eyes twinkled. "The Hooded Robber! The one that steals from the rich and gives to the poor! The one that resists Prince John! The one that gave hope to the people! The most amazing archer in the world!" "I'm not the most amazing archer in the world." Aragorn said distracted, and looked back to check on Legolas. The stubborn elf still disagreed with what they were doing. Sure, the prince of Mirkwood did see that the peasants of the land were suffering and he was willing to do something about it, but he still refused to kill of the human soldiers in order to do so. Legolas was struggling with his conscience. He was a trained warrior, but in all his long years the elf had slain only servants of the Dark Lord. Orcs, spiders, even trolls; the elf could kill without a minute of regret or remorse. But these humans were a different matter. Prince John, though a cruel leader was no servant of Sauron, not even in an indirect way. The evil that made him starve his people was nothing fancy. No evil Lord had persuaded him to ask for more taxes than the people could pay. No great lit-less eye had talked John into forbidding peasants to hunt their own food. Nothing had forced John to be a heartless leader, nothing but his own human greed. And humans were Illuvatar's secondborn, which, in Legolas' interpretation, meant they were kin. And the last thing the elf would ever do was to slay kin. He was no kinslayer. But Legolas was a loyal friend. And he could see freeing these peasants and helping them find their lives again was very important to Aragorn. And not something the ranger could do all by himself. So the elf was struggling with himself; shooting with Aragorn when the human asked him to. But he didn't shoot to kill. Not even when the soldiers where advancing on him, did the elf kill them. The only reason he had survived the latest battle was because Aragorn had killed his attackers for him. The ranger sighed. He had heard the stories the peasants told about the two of them, stories of the Hooded Robber and his young friend. In all those stories he, Aragorn, was portrayed as the brilliant archer and hero of all people, while his best friend was nothing but his clumsy younger helper. Aragorn knew that even though Legolas never mentioned it and pretended not to care, or notice, that it hurt the elf. "I'm not the best archer in the world." The ranger repeated, the boy still tagging along. "My friend over there is." He pointed at Legolas, who looked up and gave a small smile. "Him?" The boy said giving a small snort. "Please sir! Everyone knows what little good he is. He missed the prince's steward when he was standing right in front of him! He didn't hit a single soldier today! You can't fool me, sir! I know all about you!" Aragorn looked back and saw the smile on Legolas face disappear. Aragorn worried greatly about his friend. For his own conscience the Ranger had to do this. And for his own conscience the Elf could not. If they weren't very careful now, that difference could end their friendship. With time others joined; his little gang of outlaws grew. Aragorn's resistance had awoken something in the peasants, hope for a better life, and the will to fight for it. There was the strong and huge John Little, also known as Little John. A former healer with a love for wine, named Tuck. A disserted soldier named Will Scarlet. A mistral named Allan of Dale. They all looked at Aragorn as their leader and their friend, and Aragorn saw them as his friends in return. He had quickly recognized the leading qualities in John, and he had made the giant his second in command. The others were trained as his warriors. He had taught them to shoot and to fight like free men. For the first time in his life Aragorn experienced what it was like to be a leader of man. What it was like to be a king. It led him to a few shocking realizations. The first was that he actually liked to be the one in charge. It was frightingly easy. He was good at it. And the other realization was how easy it was to forget about Legolas in the process. His best friend supported him, Aragorn was sure of that. But though the elf supported his leadership, he did not support his decisions. The elf was not truly part of Aragorn's men. He just didn't fit in. "I'm worried about that elf, Robin." It took Aragorn a few moments to realize his second in command was speaking to him. Robin... Robin Hood. It was the name they had chosen for him, right after they had decided "Estel" was no name for a man, and they would much rather continue to call him "Hooded Robber" "The elf?" Aragorn looked around. "What is wrong, John?" The giant hesitated. "Listen... I know he is your friend. But... no one shoots that bad. Even if he couldn't aim at all he would have accidentally hit a soldier once or twice. He doesn't practice with us; he sometimes leaves for hours... Robin... He is a traitor. " "No." Aragorn shook his head. "No John, he is not." "He tried to talk you out of every single robbery we did." "Legolas is no traitor." Aragorn repeated. "Rob. I know he is your friend. But we all feel it. Look at the evidence. Look at how he behaves. There isn't a single thing I can say in his favour." "What about the fact that we have not been betrayed? All our robberies succeeded and none of us have been caught." John shook his head. "I will keep an eye on him." "Traitor." His sharp hearing had picked up every word that John had spoken. And the word still sang through the elf's head. He had called him a traitor. As if he could ever, ever... ever betray Aragorn. As if he hadn't spent the last few years fighting in a way he didn't support. As if he hadn't given up his entire life in Mirkwood to follow his friend. He had called him a traitor. Legolas thought of all the times he had wanted to leave. The times the call of his home was strong in his heart. The times he had longed to be amongst elves again, to hear their singing. To hear them laugh. To shoot an arrow and actually hit something. To see the elves smiling at him and nod approvingly when he did. Sometimes the want of approval was so strong in the elf he swore to himself that next time, Next shot... he would just kill the soldiers. Next time he would just shoot for real. But of course he didn't. He would never give up his principles just to fit in. Legolas Thranduillion was a member of the house of Oropher, renowned to hold on to their opinions, even if it killed them in the end. He didn't really want their approval, he wanted to do what was right. Legolas just wished that to do what was right would not make him feel so terribly lonely. When he was with his little band of outlaws Aragorn felt accepted in a way he never had when he had been with the elves. It wasn't like Elrond and his brothers had ever made him feel unwanted or unaccepted… it was just… they had always made him feel small, incapable. For the first time in his live Aragorn was better at shooting than all the people that surrounded him. People listened to his ideas; he was a leader instead of the inexperienced, clumsy younger brother.. A prince rather than a clumsy boy. It was almost as if he and Legolas had switched places. And Aragorn felt deeply sorry for the elf. "Legolas" The elf was seated below a tree in the shadows, a little bit away from the others. His knees were drawn up to his chest and his eyes were staring into the distance. The elf's hands clutched his bow. "Legolas" Aragorn repeated. The elf blinked a few times, and Aragorn suddenly realised his friend had been sleeping. Had he truly been this long amongst humans to forget what a sleeping elf looked like? "I'm sorry, my friend. I did not mean to wake you." "But you did." The elf answered in a sleepy voice. "I'm sorry" Legolas shook his head. "I'm glad you are talking to me." he admitted. "You can wake me up for it anytime. It has been a long time since we last talked." Aragorn frowned. "What are you talking about? We talk all the time!" His friend stared him in the eye. "'pass me the bread please' hardly counts as conversation, my friend. I wished that we would speak like we did before." Legolas gave