For Love Summary: Legolas calls himself a Silvan, not a Sindarin like his father. This is my explanation. Rating: PG She was there in his earliest memories, a flash of colour that came and went, a swift motion that disrupted the calm life, one that made his mother laugh and his father smile. She always moved on the borders of his life, moving in and out of his world as she pleased. She was like a song he heard every once in a while, one that he could always remember the melody of, but never the lyrics. Like the sun that appeared and disappeared behind the clouds on a windy day. After his mother died, she stayed. She did not take her place, no one would ever be able to, but at least she was able to fill the gab. A little. Legolas loved her. She was not mummy; he knew that. But she looked like her. Her hair was the same colour, and she had the same smell of trees around her. Mommy was gone. She would not come back. That much Legolas could understand, though he did not see the reason behind it. But as long as mommy's sister was with him a part of mommy would remain. When she sang his bedtime-song and he closed his eyes and wished real hard, it was almost as if mommy were singing. He held her hand tight. He hid her shoes. He kept his eye on her at all times. He would make sure she would be with him forever. He would make sure she would never leave. If he could not have mommy, aunt Alagoryn had to stay. There was no love between them, it was clear to all but Legolas. There may have been friendship and respect, but not love. Though Alagoryn had once been the sister Thranduil had never had, the little thing he could protect, the girl he could laugh and dance with if his wife was otherwise engaged, she was now only a reminder of what he had lost. A mockery of the one he had loved. Somehow he had the same disagreements with her as he had had with his wife, but they where harsher now, for love did not soften them. They tried to keep Legolas out of them at all times, saving their frustrations during the day, only to shout at each other when the little one had gone to bed. She shouted at him that he was stern and lifeless, caring more about his work than his own child. She told him he had no idea what it was like to be a father. She told Legolas he had no idea what it was like to be a father at one point, when they had been playing and she had finally managed to get a smile back onto the boy's face, and Thranduil had shouted at them for peace and quiet. He thought she was irresponsible. He thought she gave the boy too much freedom, made him too many promises she was not able to keep. He could see that one day she would hurt him, his little Legolas, by one last wish she could not fulfil. He tried telling her not to do that… not to make promises she could not keep, not to… But she shouted that she at least talked to him. She at least tried to be some kind of a parent. That she at least was not so wrapped but in her grief that she stopped living… And he had no words to come back at her. "I have to go." She said one day, out of the blue. And she went and did not come back. All Legolas tried to stop her with was pushed aside without her noticing. Without effort she loosened his hand. Without effort she could find the shoes he had hidden. When he tried to lie in front of her feet, all she did was step over him. She did not listen to his pleas, for she could no longer. "Legolas…" she tried to explain. But how could a child so young understand that she felt trapped inside the palace? Trapped between the high and dark walls, trapped inside the protocol, that made all of her tears inappropriate, and all of her laughs too loud. The walls of the palace felt like chains around her wrist, the smell of the air that hung in the underground chambers made her feel suffocated. She was a child of the forest, a wild thing only fit to run around free. A true child of the ancient Silvan, a tribe of Avari mixed with the darkest of the grey elves that had lived deep inside Greenwood long before it had had a king. "Legolas…" She could not find the words to make him understand, and the small child was left behind to draw his own conclusions. In his young mind, only capable of simple problems and simple solutions it soon became very very clear. She could not stay because she could not love him. She could not love him because he had been too bad. Little Legolas, keeping two terrified eyes on his only remaining parent, decided he would never be bad again. He remembered how his father had asked for quiet when he and aunt Alagoryn had laughed too loud, and he decided never to laugh again. He remembered how his father had worried over the tears he cried, and he kept his eyes dry forever. He transformed into a shadow of a boy, making his homework because the teachers liked it when he had his homework done, keeping his clothes clean because people liked a neat-looking boy. He answered questions only if he knew for certain what the other party wanted to hear. "He has no idea what it is like to be a father, Legolas" Aunt Alagoryn had said. "So you cannot expect too much of him." Legolas expected nothing. He just hoped, just hoped that maybe if he was good enough, his Ada would stay. He never ran, he never played, he never did anything that made him smile. He waited silently in the corner until the day went by. And Thranduil was too wrapped up in duties and grief to even notice. Though years went by things did not change, as some grief was too sharp to fade with the passing of the seasons, there are some wounds even time can't heal. Legolas reached the age where weapon training became a part of his everyday life, and he noticed he was good at it. He loved archery more than anything for it was a lonely fight, a battle fought only with yourself and the wind. He loved the moment of silence before you let go of the string. That one moment before anything happened, a moment of waiting before all things fell into place. He thought his life could be compared to such moments. After he had won his first match he thought he could hear some pride in his father's formal congratulations. He thought he had even spotted some love inside the sad, tired eyes. And so he practiced more. He fell asleep each night with shoulders sore from training, knowing he had done well. Knowing that maybe his father had looked out the window of his study and had smiled that special smile. Knowing that it could have happened, dreaming that it had, the little boy was almost happy. "My lord..?" The elf stood hesitating on the threshold, not knowing if he should come in or stay outside. He had a feeling he was disturbing the king for a trivial business, a business not worthy of the royal's attention, and yet, the man was the father of his pupil. Some things had to be discussed. Thranduil looked up from the endless pile of papers at his son's archery teacher. He knew the elf, he had seen him standing close to Legolas at the contests, and he had envied the way his son had listened to him. The easy way the elf and Legolas interacted. He did not know his son was as distant and silent with others, as he was with him. The ruling of his kingdom left so little time to spend with his son, and when he did… the boy looked so much like his mother… "Yes Sigil… speak your mind." He shoved some of the papers aside, giving the other his full attention. The other elf was visibly nervous to be in the presence of his king. "It's about…" he stumbled and started again. "When I have a student, a gifted student, that learns so much I can't teach him anything anymore, Sire, I send them on to the outer rim. The sentinels there, they are incredibly skilled, my lord. And they have agreed… to take such a student. And make a master out of him." Thranduil nodded, for it was not new information. Though it was rare the archery teacher had such an excellent student, it had happened in the past. He did not understand why Sigil was here telling him what he already knew. He eyed the pile of papers again. "And, sire. I was thinking… Legolas…" "NO!" The king's attention was back at the elf speaking within a heartbeat. Not Legolas. Not the outer rim, not the Silvan. Though they were a part of his kingdom, and a valuable part at that, Thranduil would never send his son to them. The dangers were simple too great. "No" he repeated softly. "Legolas will never be allowed to go there." His wife had been born there. In the outer rim, a Silvan child with Avari blood. He had never been able to tame her, no amount of love had been able to remove the call of the wild from her eyes. She had tried. She had tried to be a good queen; she had tried to fit herself into the protocol. But she had not been able to stay safe behind the walls. The forest had always called out to her, always she had longed to stay in the trees, and he had loved her to much to make her stay. He had not wanted to be the chains that kept her down. He had failed to protect her… But he would not make the same mistake twice. As long as Legolas stayed in the palace he would not know what he missed. If Legolas stayed here for the rest of his life, maybe, maybe his ears would be deaf of the call of the wild that was in his blood. "You shall have to find another student to send to the sentinels." The king decided and the archery master complied. Legolas knew the archery master had nothing left to teach him. What had been special when he was a child now became something all others could do, and he could not learn new things. The prince knew he was slowly getting too old for the challenges and there was no longer much glory in his victories. His father no longer came to congratulate him when he had won. He tried other things to regain his father's approval. He studied, he threw himself upon lessons of wielding the sword, something he had never completely mastered. But mostly he tried to become one of his father's advisors, for he could see Thranduil spent so much time with them, so much of his precious precious time went into councils, and when he joined the prince was allowed to sit beside his father, closer than ever, and he could study his hands… the lines on his face… the way his voice bent. To Legolas it seemed as if his father was a fire on a cold winter's day, and the only way the prince could be warm was to be close to him. The king didn't even have to listen to him, or pay him attention, just