Prison without Walls A/N: for those who do not know it... Vilya, the elvenring carried by Elrond is the ring of Air. Prison without Walls A part of the creature knew he had not always been like this; and it remembered that what he had been before had been better. That better side of him could see all the creature saw, and feel all the creature felt, but he could not interact with its surroundings. It was trapped, it could only watch. The body of the orc was its prison cell. A cell from which no escape was possible, except the final one. The only, everlasting relief called death. But the part of the creature that wanted to die was immortal. For it was the part of the orc that was elf. His fea, his spirit, was trapped inside this deformed body, unable to leave. Morgoth had tricked him, imprisoned him, enslaved him. Another will now controlled his body, and even after all these long years of suffering he still hadn't figured out if it was another soul completely, or just a darker part of himself. With every fight the orc started, with every innocent it hurt, the elf inside it felt as if he himself was committing the crimes. He knew it was him doing these horrible things, but for the fact that he never, ever, would do such a thing. For he was no orc. In body he was, but in soul he wasn't. In the other orcs around him the elf could recognize former family-members, old friends, fellow warriors. All of them had changed, but not beyond recognition. Sometimes the elves they had once been became visible in the orcs. In the way they walked, in the words they used. It hurt the elf that the people he cared about suffered as greatly as him. He wondered if they felt like he did, it they too were looking out through the eyes of the orcs around him, without being able to stop or control the monster they had become. He sometimes looked into the eyes of the other orcs, searching for a glimpse of understanding, a hint of friendship. Yet he found none. Sometimes the orc he was now fought elves, and with all his might he would try to stop himself. He willed his orcish body to step into the sharp blades, to catch their arrows with his chest, anything to stop the beating of his wounded heart. But the orc he had transformed into couldn't care less what he wanted, and somehow his darker side, his prison, was always stronger. The beast ducked and moved out of harm's way and the elf lived to see another day. Ages went by. "Pretty ring." The greed was visible in the creature's eyes. Despite the darkness of its soul, the longing burned. The elvenlord looked up in shock, a coldness spreading through his body. No. They could not take that away from him. They could hit him, hurt him, murder him for all he cared, but he could not let them take it. Not Vilya. The orc looked down on him, licking his ugly lips, smiling. "Give me pretty ring! I want it!" "This ring is not for those with evil purposes." Elrond spoke, while his heart was beating faster than ever. "It will not serve you." "I want it." The orc repeated, his voice a deep hiss. " Give to me ." Elrond tried to remain calm as the orc pulled a dagger. He knew they would hurt him either way, as he was the orc's captive now. He would not let one of these evil creatures have Vilya. "Me…Mine. Give it." "It is not yours. You shall not touch it. " He spoke again, trying to keep the tremble from his voice. He wished that the words he spoke had any meaning to them, for he knew he could not prevent the orcs from anything. Not as he was now, tied to a tree and unable to move, both because of his bonds and his broken bones. Elrond could see the orc's grin. It knew. " Give me, " it spoke again with audible greed. "Give me… or I will take." The elvenlord braced himself for the impact. 'Please!' he begged the Valar, as he bit the insides of his cheeks in order not to scream. 'Please, help me! Not Vilya!' His mouth filled with blood. 'VALAR!' He could feel the ring begin to slip; the blood on his fingers was making it impossible for him to hold on. ' VALAR! NO! ' From the corner of his eyes he could see the orc's satisfied grin as the vile creature slipped the ring around one of its own filthy fingers. And then he saw it. For a split second the eyes of the orc's eyes changed, and a soft mental voice joined his own. " HELP ME!" Then it was gone and he was shouting alone again. He woke up alone in the darkness, woken by something that had penetrated his feverish dreams. The sky was dark; darker than he had ever seen, not because it was night but because of the thick black clouds that absorbed all sunlight. The air was thick and hard to breath. All sound had stopped, true silence reined the earth, no bird sang, so breeze shifted a leave. The world was waiting. A storm was coming. The ranger had seen storms before. He had moved through snow, fought in blizzards, and he had seen a sandstorm. But somehow the storm that was coming unnerved him more than any storm he had seen before. As the ranger looked up at the sky and saw the twister form he knew something terrible had happened. That he, in spite of the wound and his fever, in spite of the fact that he was too tired to move another muscle, should move as fast as he could. Large blocks of ice hailed down upon his back, and the freezing wind made sure there was not a single second he could stop shivering. And yet the fever that consumed him kept him warm, and his will kept his sore muscles moving. He had to keep moving. With every hailstone that destroyed the crops, with every wind that blew a hole into a roof, it became clearer to Aragorn; if Elrond had not stopped this storm, something was wrong with him. He moved on, in the direction of his home, ever reminding himself that if he just kept placing one foot in front of the other he would eventually get there; that sooner or later he would stumble on his home. But suddenly he stopped, raised his head and listened, not noticing the sudden cold. It was the only thing that could keep him from reaching his destination, the only thing that could keep him from going home: a distant call for help. It sounded like his father. The endless rain formed a wall of water, changing the world around him to a wet blur. Trees were nothing more than dark shapes as the rain made everything unrecognisable. The ranger was shaking with every step. Though the constant rain had managed to soak through his leather jacket he could feel his body burn. The healer inside him told him to quit. Whatever tracking sense Aragorn had, it was useless in this weather, as the endless rain would wash away more than just the tracks. Even if Aragorn should manage to incidentally stumble upon a path leading him to Elrond, the ranger would most likely pass him by without ever noticing. But though Aragorn knew that continuing on this path was useless, he kept going, moving on the belief that he had to do this. That it could be the only chance he had to save his father, and that he would never forgive himself if he did not taken it. So he moved on. One foot in front of the other. In the distance a voice kept calling him: "Help me! Help me! " He leaned against a tree, forgetting everything as the world spun around him and he could not move. With every call for help that came to him he tried to get up, only to sink to his knees again seconds later. It was frustrating to know he was so close to Imladris, so close to the healing draughts of Elrond, yet unable to reach them. Only a few miles away were all the medicines, all the help he needed, and all the warriors to free his father. Just out of his reach. Not for the first time in his life he wished he were born an elf, to be immune to all disease, to be able to move through cold but not to feel it. To be able to walk through a storm and survive. His hands had stopped shaking, but Aragorn knew it was a bad sign, not a good one. His body had given up trying to keep him warm, soon it would give up trying anything. "Help me!" the distant voice called and this time Aragorn did not move. "I can't." he whispered softly. "I tried, but I can't! I'm not strong enough!" He was shivering again, not of cold this time, but of the sobs that escaped his body. " Help me " the voice demanded without mercy. But the ranger had closed his ears to it, and did not notice the voice had sounded nothing like his father this time. There was a light moving in the darkness, a flame, a candle that burned in spite of the rain, first moving to him, and then away from him again. The ranger followed it with his eyes, longing for its warmth. "Come back." he whispered as the light threatened to move out of his sight. He got up, though he was swaying on his feet. "Please… come back!" he moved a few steps, seeking support by every tree he passed. "Please come back!" For a while it seemed it was listening to him, as if it waited for him to catch up. But then the light moved again, and Aragorn stumbled behind it, not noticing that the trees grew fewer and fewer, and the mountains grew ever closer. His eyes were so fixed on the small light in the darkness that he did not notice it leading him deep into orc-territory. Aragorn moved on and on, not knowing where he was, not seeing anything but the light, and sometimes a glimpse the cloaked figure carrying it. The person moved over the rough terrain with an ease that was unnerving, and then halted until Aragorn's clumsy feet had caught up. If the ranger stopped for a few seconds he could see the figure turn its hood towards him. Waiting. As soon as Aragorn moved another step it moved as well. "Please… stop!" Aragorn shouted as he leaned against a rock catching his breath again as the sweat dripped off his forehead. "Wait! Please! " The figure did not answer. The ranger sank to his knees while he tried his best to fill his lungs with oxygen again. "Please… " he whispered with tears of frustration in his eyes. "Please… just wait..wait…" " Help me." "Ada?" The voice sounded like his father's, and Aragorn was back on his feet in spite of himself. " Help me!" The pain and desperation were audible now. Aragorn yelled at the disappearing figure. "Ada! Wait! I'm coming! Hold on!" Without further thought the ranger moved again, ever deeper into the darkness. "Wait!" Aragorn was short of breath. "Wait, Ada, please!" The dark figure had moved on and on, over razor-sharp rocks, past ravines so deep the bottom was not visible, and the ranger followed. Always, when he was on the brink of giving up, the cloaked figure called for help in the voice of his father, and ever it brought the ranger back on