Disclaimer: Estel, nor Elrond nor the twins are mine. A/N: written for the teitho: happinesscontest. For Strength and Happiness "Estel…" Aragorn looked down on the bloodied twin in his arms. "Hush. Elladan, do not speak. You don't have to fear, the orcs are gone now. They will not hurt you again. I have made sure of that." "Estel… Ro.. Is he..? Is Ro…?" Aragorn could see the fear in his brother's eyes. "Ro will be alright, Dan. You will both be alright. And Ada too. He already said he would be able to heal you both." "Good." Elladan sighed relieved. "Good." "Now go to sleep, my brother. You are safe. Rest or I'll knock you with a club on your head until you do." The eldest of his brothers giggled and shook his head. "No more clubs, please. I have had enough of those to last a lifetime, and I am sure Ro feels the same." Involuntary he shivered. "You are safe," Aragorn repeated and he knew it was true, in spite of the fact that both of the twins were covered in blood and bruised from head to toe, for Elrond had promised him they would be. The ranger looked around the late orc-camp and shuddered how much blood of his family had been shed there. He closed his eyes and sighed in relief. He was so lucky to have found them in time. "Halbarad! Gather the men! To Imladris!" Elrond felt the dizziness slowly getting worse and unconsciousness was tucking at his brain. There was nothing his body wanted more than just to lie down and forget everything, to sleep until the pain lessened. "No!" Elrond spoke desperately. This could not happen; he could not give up now. As a healer he knew that, if he closed his eyes for just longer than a few seconds, he would never see Elladan and Elrohir alive again. They were safe now, in the sense that they were back in Imladris and no longer being tortured by those hideous creatures, but they weren't saved yet. One look at the table would convince anyone of that, as there was so much blood. Too much blood. And though Elrond spread more of it all through the Halls of the Healing every time he took a step, he knew that he would have to keep standing. The prize of giving in to his body's needs was simply too high, and desperately he clutched to the table Elrohir was on to keep himself from falling. With all his might Elrond tried again, and again he failed. "Please" he whispered, not really knowing who he was begging. " Please. " He knew he could do this, he had done this a thousand times before, but now, now when he needed the skill most, his hands could not stop shaking. And if he couldn't even get the thread through the needle's eye, how on earth was he going to stitch? His eyes fell back at the tables, two identical ones, standing neatly beside each other. On them were two identical bodies, bleeding from almost identical wounds. The elven lord grasped the potion cabinet to remain standing in the latest wave of despair. His healer's mind told him that he was too wounded himself. That he should lie down and let himself be cared for first. That it was better to have two dead than three. But the part of Elrond that was a father refused to accept that. There were no other healers in Imladris skilled enough to stitch these kinds of injuries. He knew what he had to do. And yet his hands were shaking and his vision was clouded by tears of despair and pain. With his head he leaned against the glass door of the cabinet for a moment, trying to still his hands while he prayed for the strength to save his sons. But Elrond was too much of a healer, he knew when things were lost, when recovery would not be in time and all that could be done was dim the pain, and ease the passing from one world into the next. He was too much of a healer not to know there was no chance his strength would return to him any time soon. Unless… His eye suddenly fell on the solution of all his problems. It was there, right in front of him; a bright green liquid in a beautiful glass flask. It was staring at him, begging him to take it, and Elrond knew that if he did his hands would steady and his mind would clear. He would be able to save his sons. And still he hesitated when he took the flask out of the cabinet, for the power to save his sons would come at a prize. This potion was highly addictive, and it was said that those who tasted it would never be the same again. His eyes fell from the bright green liquid to the motionless figures on the table and he knew he didn't really have a choice. Elrond had lost track of time, but he knew that at least several hours, or maybe several days had passed since he and his sons were brought back from the orcs. His sons were stable now, and the elven lord could look back on a job well done. The potion he had taken had done the trick; his hands had stopped their shaking, his pain had lessened. But the best of it had been the feeling of overall positivism that had spread through his body. Where before despair had reigned he had been confident that it would all be alright; he had enjoyed healing his sons; he had been confident that all would be alright, and knowing that, he had found thepeace of mindto do what he had to do. Elrond know that the stitches in his sons' bodies were the best he had ever done. His sons were safe now, and his healer's mind told him that he himself should now rest his own injured body. But the rest of him didn't feel like that at all. His body had put up with him for this long after all…It would surely hold a little bit longer, while he celebrated the saving of his sons. The first sign the potion was losing its grip on his body was visible in the way his hands shook when he took the glass of wine Aragorn was offering. With all his might Elrond bit his fingers to remain still, as this was no better time for shaking hands than when he had to stitch the twins, as he had told Aragorn he was fine and had forced his youngest into this party. Estel had looked at him and told him he should be in bed, with all the arrogance and certainty only a real healer could master, but Elrond had overruled him. He had informed his youngest his wounds were less grievous than they looked and he had told him he needed this party. He had even told Estel off for not recognizing that sometimes a patient needed to feel good more than he needed to rest. Estel had argued a bit, but to Elrond's relief the ranger had not put up much of a fight. Elrond, of course was not only his father, but also the master healer of his house, and Estel had very little reason not to trust him. Yes, Elrond hade been very relieved that Estel had let him have this party; mostly because, somewhere deep down, well hidden under the layers of happiness the potion had given him, Elrond had known his youngest son was right. There were more and more signs of that beginning to show: The pain was coming back, and it suddenly hurt the Elven lord to breath. He could feel Estel's eyes watching his trembling fingers and he quickly put the wine back down. Estel must not know of his weakness, he didn't want his youngest son to know what he had done. When he saw the worried look Estel gave him, Elrond knew he had trained his son too well. Soon the youngster would pick up on the signs, soon Estel would demand to know how Elrond had been able to keep standing, and before long his son would lecture him about hiding wounds. He could see Estel raise his eyebrow at him when he felt a particularly sharp pain. He really, really didn't want a lecture right now. "Are you absolutely sure you do not need to lie down?" Estel asked. Though he formulated his question carefully it was clear he thought Elrond should. Elrond recognized the look his son gave him, and desperately searched for a way to convince the healer in front of him that he was fine. But his hands were shaking and he knew he could not hide the look of pain in his eyes. He braced himself for the impact of Estel's lecture when he suddenly found his escape in the pockets of his robes. "I'm fine, " he snapped at his youngest and with his experience of a thousand years of sneaking sleeping draughts into the cups of the stubborn wounded, he poured some of the bright green liquid into his own wine. The sun shone brightly and Elrond looked down upon his sons fooling around in the garden. Elrohir was still limping slightly and Elladan was paler than he should be, but both of them were laughing. Water splashed around everywhere due to some fight they were having with Estel. It was the first time the twins were outside, and as he looked down on them Elrond knew he should be glad his once deadly wounded children were recovering this well, but somehow he did not feel that happiness in his heart. The truth was the elven lord wasn't nearly as well as his sons were. His wounds, as far as he knew, had not even begun to close yet, and the only reason he could keep everyone from noticing was the fact that he constantly changed bandages and relied heavily on the green potion that kept him standing upright. He had tried for several times now to stop taking it, as he realized it kept him from healing properly. But somehow every time he tried there was some reason that he had to be able to stand upright at that instance, as there was always an elven sanctuary to run or people to heal. Furthermore… Aragorn was suspicious, and Elrond wanted to keep his son from knowing his weakness at all cost. It would be too humiliating to be told off by his own son, no matter how well he had trained him. He could feel Estel's eyes burn upon him, and he knew that it would look suspicious if he was not smiling on the day the twins had been outside again. The elven lord turned and moved into his study to find the only thing that kept him standing, the only means he had to smile: Trapped in a beautiful glass flask, the brightest green liquid he had ever seen. Estel looked up from the bucket of water he had been ready to throw at Elladan when he felt his father's eyes on him. Elrond stood on the balcony, looking at his recovered sons without a trace of a smile on his face, or even in his eyes, and Estel was worried. He didn't like the way his father looked these past days, and he didn't believe his father was ' fine ' anymore. Aragorn knew his father had been wounded when he and the rangers had brought him and the twins back from the orcs, but, in his worry over his brothers, he hade forgotten to check how grievously. Over these past few weeks there had been many moments that his father had seemed fine. Moments in which the elven lord took more work on