Heir Potter Summary: The world is torn apart with the death of Harry Potter, so Fate is forced to change the hands of time. Disclaimer: I don't own shit...except my shit . Chapter 1: The Tale's of a Prophecy Graveyard, Little Hangleton, UK "Avada Kedavra!" Voldemort growled, pointing his wand towards Harry. Harry's body tenses as his hairs stood on end and gooseflesh became him. Flashes of memories zoom through Harry's mind as the little green ball of death sped faster and faster towards him. Even after their duel, even after his distraction, he couldn't find the cup in time. Now, the wizarding world will be left to it's own devices, and to be perfectly honest, at that moment, Harry could care less. As he leans against the tombstone of some random civilian, his body aching and cringing while he stares at the newly resurrected Dark Lord, he welcomes death calmly, as though he has nothing to lose. I never stood a chance in the first place; I'm nothing more than a Fourth Year with no training against murderous psychopaths. How am I supposed to compete? As the fiery green mist finally met him, his eyes slid shut in contentedness. Death might not be as bad as everyone makes it out to be. Darkness Harry's body felt as though it was floating through nothing before it landed softly on something cool and grassy. Am I dead? I know that Voldemort's aim was true. Harry's eyes slowly eased open, and suddenly he found himself outside a large, yet simple building, lying in the grass. Whilst looking around, he saw a few trees off into the distance as the edges of the universe seemed to fade away. Where am I? "You, child are in what I like to call, the in between; you are neither dead, nor alive. Right now, we are in my own personal dimension, floating several light-years away from Earth." Harry's head jerked to see a man standing in the doorway of the building in royal blue robes with golden trimmings and an old, worn staff in his hand. He appeared to be in his mid-fifties as wrinkles clearly set in his face, but his eyes looked as though they were as old as time itself; they didn't have an exact color, and Harry felt as though he could stare into this mysterious mans eyes for ages. Harry scurries to his feet and takes a step backwards before asking, "Who are you, and why am I here? Last time I checked, I should be either in heaven or hell by now." The man chuckles quietly before turning his back and motioning towards the inside of the building, silently demanding Harry to follow him, so Harry did so, hesitantly. Inside the building was a bland, plain room that sat a four-corner table with four chairs. The man sat down, and gestured Harry to do the same, which he does. "Who I am is not important now. The reason you're here is because for fourteen years, the world of the living has been manipulated by people who have nothing better to do than meddle with the affairs of the divine beings above them. God only knows how many occurrences have happened that shouldn't have, and absolutely nothing that was planned for you has occurred. You were born to be a champion, unbreakable in every way, yet you have fallen at the expense of a madman." Anger sizzled in Harry's mind as he remembers all those who ridiculed him while sitting back and eating cake, not doing a damn thing for the Wizarding World. Instead, they let a fucking fourteen-year-old handle it. A fucking fourteen-year-old! "Champion? What bloody champion! I'm damn sick and tired of being the only one that does anything about Voldemort! I'm bloody fourteen, with no extra training, and seemingly no extra help other than a red-headed pain in the ass and a girl that has enough book smarts for the rest of the wizarding world, who are, both, also children, might I add!" The man smiled sadly at Harry's bitterness as he replied, "Well, young sir, I can't answer you that. Hell, before I can answer anything, you need to understand the blood running through your veins, and where you come from." "Darling," Harry's eyes widened in surprise before rearing around in his chair and looking incredulously at the woman behind him, tears brimming his eyes. "Mum?" Lily Potter's eyes were a warm, forest emerald that was amid a bad rainstorm. Her lips were curled into a sad, yet amiable smile while her hair, while fiery and long, hung tiredly past her shoulders. Her face was round like a mothers face, and her body was still in its prime, just like it had been when she was murdered. Beside her was his father, still fit and healthy since the day that he died. His paternal twin looked almost exactly like him, only his face was that of a man, not a boy. While Harry still had baby fat occupying his cheeks, his father did not. His hair looked just as unruly and Harry's and their notorious eyesight was legendary. They the same in almost every way. Harry's heart tightens in his chest as he pushes down the festering hope blossoming in his chest; his parents were dead, and the dead don't come back to life, simple as that. Lily's eyes stared into his brokenly before speaking, her voice trembling, "Son, there's something we need to tell you. However, because of the circumstances, you have to make a choice, right here, right now. Alright?" "A choice? Do you mean going back down there! To that hellhole! I'd rather be dead!" Harry voice had taken a slightly hysterical tone at the thought of having to put up with the same bullshit that he had to before. "No, no, that's not the complete deal," Lily quickly rushed, soothingly, seating herself as she took Harry's hand into her own, "you would go back to the very beginning of your fourth year; the year of Voldemort's return. From their, you would remember everything that we taught you here, and use that to your advantage in the real world." "Or," Harry asked expectantly, knowing that their had to be a catch to all of this. All of a sudden, Lily's eyes dulled into a sad nothingness before replying, "Voldemort wins, and proceeds to destroy all of Magical England, and attempts to expand out into the world, only to be met by mundane forces, which leads to the Magical-Mundane Wars that last thirty years before they finally kill us out. Right now, Harry, you are the only one who can prevent all out carnage on all forms of magical beings, beasts, and spirits." Harry's face crumples into pale shock as he temporarily forgets his deep-rooted resentment at the world that found it all right to persecute him for being a confused teenager who didn't understand the world around him. "All those people? W-What about Dumble-" "Dumbledore is a lying conniving piece of shite that I wouldn't mind to lick around the head a few times, son. He's made too many mistakes because of his own damn pride and his belief that he can do no wrong, all at the cost of someone else's life, yours included. If their is anybody that you shouldn't trust when you go back, it's him." James growled angrily, his arms crossing over themselves as he glares at the wall behind Lily's head. Harry blinked in surprise at his father. "Wha-" "Harry, you must decide before we can tell you anything of real essence. Are you going to go back to the very end of your third year, when you were with the Dursley's, or are you going to move on." Lily urged, her grip on Harry's hand tightening. Harry's breath hitched in his chest as his eyes bounced between his parents and the impassive man in front of him. "Wuh-well what can I do?! I don't know how to save the world; hell, I barely know anyth-" "That is where I will come in, my heir," The man in front of him gave him a tight lipped smile. "If you decide to return to your world, you will do so with all of the memories you attained from this realm. Since there is no definite time here, your parents and I will spend however long it takes to teach you all of the things I believe the heir of Magic needs to know-" Harry's eyes widened comically before attempting to interrupt, "Heir of-" "-which will include," The mans eyes narrow at Harry's rude display, "advanced tranfiguration, charms, potions, arithmancy, astrology, astronomy, alchemy, elemental and combat magics, spell crafting, warding, wandless and spelless casting, curse-breaking, rituals, blood magic, and the dark arts. You will also be learning about a wide variety of magical beasts, swordsmanship as well as hand-to-hand combat, and if we have time, wand crafting and staff crafting." Harry gaped at the man as he stood and waved his arm, creating a small circle table with what looked to be a nameless bottle of wine and four wine glasses sitting precariously on top of the stand on a silver tray. The man then lifts the tray, bringing it back to the group before continuing, "While I'm teaching you all of that, your mother and father will be teaching you about the British Wizarding Government and its Culture. Then you will learn about Goblin, Elvin, Centaur, and Wizarding Etiquette, possibly even some Goblin and Elvish magic. Finally, they will teach you about the basics of wizarding politics, as will I. With as many seats as you would have, you would need all of the help you can get." The man sets the four glasses out in front of his participants before pouring each a glass of the golden, magical liquid. Harry watched as his parents grabbed the stems of their glasses and swirled the drink before sipping with contented sighs. Harry stares at the mysterious refreshment before tentatively doing the same as he hesitantly sips from the rim while the man across from him shakes his head amused. The drink tasted like butterbeer before switching to pumpkin juice as the flavors bounced back and force. "Also, to sweeten the deal," Mr. Man broke out into the quiet serenity the drink had brought, "I will be gifting unto you seven gifts. First is the gift of multiple animagi; whenever you decide to finally ask your godfather about becoming an animagus, something I suggest you do either before you get to Hogwarts or at the very beginning of the year, you will be able to take up to seven different forms. Second will be the gift of mage sight, the ability to see and acknowledge another beings magic; this will come in handy when you're trying to decipher an enemies power. "The third is the blessing of the beast master; you will be able to communicate with animals, although some may not have the mental capacity to speak back. The fourth will be the gift of the Metamorphmagi; the ability to shift yourself so completely will be essential in some of your more stealthy adventures. The fifth and sixth go hand in hand with one another; Legilmency and Occulmency. This is the gift of perfected mind magic, which we will go into depth at some point in your training. "However, what I consider the best and final gift, is a gift of the Forgotten Arts; the gift of shadow travel. With this gift, the possibilities of transportation to anywhere in your world are endless. You could go from England to California to Japan, all in a span of minutes, possibly even seconds depending on how well you take to it. With each of these gifts, you will be able to protect yourself and anyone you have come to care about, or will care about in the future. With these new-found powers, any