Prologue: The Magnificent Mind of Severus Snape Severus was freezing to death. Possibly, literally. No. Not possibly. Absolutely literally. He had as many layers accumulated on his sinewy body as he could manage while still maintaining the ability to walk. Stacks of thick wool and fleece upon his back, scarves (which covered his entire face, save for his eyes) and hats and several pairs of socks underneath his heavy, leather boots (but only one pair of dense gloves, as his nimble fingers were still required, his wand held steadfastly in his hand)…countless layers. So many that he felt as though he was closer to being an animate, disgruntled pile of live clothing than a powerful, capable wizard. Which was all well and good. Snape had been forced to resort to piling on copious amounts of loose-fitting garments in order to keep warm. He could not use magic… He did not dare… At least, not yet. Not until absolutely necessary. His own aura, even, was suppressed to a most minimal level. He would not risk triggering any kind of alarm, he would avoid that for as long as physically possible… Snape bemoaned the inability to instantly conjure up a steady stream of hot air or bluebell flames around his body to keep him warm. But all magic leaves traces, all spells give off a certain amount of energy—and Severus was certain that the Dark Lord would have enchantments in place to detect even the most minimal spell cast anywhere in the vicinity of his…his… In the hiding place. Even knowing that his former master was going to be asleep for at least another hour (though on any normal man the potion would last much longer…but the Dark Lord was no normal man), Snape would put off casting spells until he had to. Alas, the layers. They were highly inconvenient. In fact, it had taken him nearly twenty minutes to get properly dressed before his excursion. This was his second time in Antarctica. The first time… Ah, well. It had been a…short trip. Severus had apparated in what he thought was appropriately warm attire. After all, he was only going to be there for a moment. It was a preliminary journey, just to look, just to investigate briefly and see if his suspicions held any weight… What a rude awakening that had been. There is no proper way to describe the cold that is Antarctica in July. There is no proper way to describe what -75 degrees Celsius feels like, other than to say that it feels very much like -103 degrees Fahrenheit. It is cold. It is very, very cold. Imagine the coldest you have ever felt in your entire existence. Now imagine that exact moment, and multiply it by precisely one hundred times. Now imagine that exact moment, except that now you are naked and your lungs are filled with solid ice. In addition to this, imagine that you have lost the ability to breathe. Because that is how Severus Snape would describe that cold, and even that does not begin to do it justice. The cold was all consuming, paralyzing and horrific. He lasted approximately thirteen seconds before he apparated away, shaking violently, simultaneously frigid and feverish. Fortunately (or, truly, not fortunately at all, because it had very little to do with luck and everything to do with his own foresight and superior intellect), Severus had several batches of pepper-up potion awaiting him, as well as a roaring fire blazing merrily in the fireplace of his quarters. Never had there been a more welcome sight than those dancing flames in his entire life. The pepper-up potion was gone within minutes. All of it. It was the school's entire stock. His ears were billowing clouds of steam for nearly an entire day afterwards. He'd had to tell the Dark Lord himself that it was because he was suffering from a cold and took, unwisely, too much of his own potion. He'd even gone into details about how very much he detested head colds. It had been most embarrassing. But, for whatever reason, the Dark Lord had found the continual jets of steam more amusing than annoying, and he'd believed him. Severus truly was an excellent Occlumens. And, contrary to popular belief, the Dark Lord actually does have a sense of humor, even if he chooses to only express such sentiments with his closest followers. A very morbid, dry, and, admittedly, rather witty sense of humor. He had taken in the sight of Snape's steaming ears and actually laughed. "I think you are lying to me, Severus," he'd chastised (and Snape had nearly suffered a stream of mild heart attacks, though his face did not show it), but his thin lips had curled into a sinister grin, his scarlet eyes gleaming. "I believe your tale about having a cold is a clever ruse, and the truth is that you are hot and bothered by my very presence." Snape had exhaled. And then he'd been dismissed. Apparently, the steam was distracting. Yes, it had been a very short trip indeed, the first time he'd come to Antarctica. But it had been enough. Even within such a small time frame, Snape had been able to deduce that it must be where The Undesirable was being kept. The Undesirable . Snape scowled to himself as he trudged along the icy terrain under his many, suffocating layers. He had gotten very used to referring to the boy that way, and, he had to admit, the Taboo had a rather powerful impact on the wizarding world. Fear of the name certainly does increase fear of the individual. Hardly anyone dared discuss the boy, but even when they did use the 'correct' term, it was always whispered, hushed. Harry Potter was no longer thought of as 'The Chosen One'… He was thought of now more as a ghost; his name, a curse… And what a complicated bit of magic, that Taboo! When it had first been instilled, people could utter his first name alone—simply 'Harry' was impossible to put a rudimentary blanket hex on, it was far too common, snatchers would be chasing their tails all day long—but the Dark Lord, in all his ire, found even that unacceptable. It had taken some time to iron out the spell work, but in the end it was he, Severus Snape, who had managed it. Originally it was a task set to Yaxley and Dolohov. But the blundering dolts were…well, blundering dolts. They had been floundering, and so, the moment that Severus was moderately healed and able to leave St. Mungo's, he had been asked to assist. The fools had been taking the Taboo hex far too literally. They were focusing on the actual words for tracking purposes as opposed to the intended, translatable thoughts. Language was simply a tool to express ideas, he'd explained to his supposed colleagues as if they were two of his less capable first year students. It was necessary, therefore, to connect the spoken words ('Harry', 'Harry Potter', or 'Harry James Potter') with the intended, intangible thought of that specific individual. It had been grueling, such complex and sophisticated mental magic. Dolohov and Yaxley would never have been able to manage it. But Severus was, if he did say so himself, rather smart, and the Mind Arts were his specialty (as was brewing Potions. And the Dark Arts. And Defensive Spells. And cooking, though he tended to keep this to himself… He had a lot of specialties). 'Harry', and even 'Harry Potter' could now be spoken while referencing another person, but when it was The Undesirable in your thoughtful intentions when you spoke the words, the Taboo was triggered. Very intricate magic, indeed. And thus far it was quite effective. Though Snape hardly doubted that any witch or wizard in all of Britain would ever name their child 'Harry' again. Severus outdid himself on a regular basis. Really. The Dark Lord had been most pleased when he had accomplished this task of the Taboo within two days, when both Dolohov and Yaxley combined had been failing for over a week. He was invaluable to his former master, even still. That was very likely to come to an end today. Antarctica. It had not been easy, solving the riddle of where Harry Potter was being held. For so long, he had, like many others, dreaded the worst. He had feared that the boy was dead and gone. But that did not prevent him and the Headmaster from searching, even despite the fact that Dumbledore was sporting a rather nasty curse upon his left hand (reckless, idiotic, foolish old man)… Albus had been quite certain in his belief that Harry was alive, so hopeful, and so he, Severus, had been hopeful, too. It wasn't until his encounter with a certain Divination Professor that he finally found out why Dumbledore was so certain that Harry Potter was alive. The moment Sibyl had come back to herself, Snape had dropped her to the floor of the darkened hallway like a ton of bricks (it was one of his less chivalrous moments, he would later admit), marching right back up to the Headmaster's office, his breathing labored as though he'd just run a marathon. He'd extracted the memory. Motioned for Albus to watch it in its entirety in the pensieve. The Headmaster, looking rather taken aback bu Snape's rapid return and distressed demeanor, had complied without question. …human…horcrux… Once he'd fully, physically returned back to his office, Snape had expected him to look as panicked as he'd felt. But this…was not the case. Dumbledore had actually sighed. The Headmaster had slowly removed his glasses and rubbed his temples, suddenly looking very much the part of sad, withering old man. He did not looked shocked. He did not look disgusted or aghast. Once he'd placed his spectacles back on his crooked nose, he'd looked back up at Severus with no characteristic twinkle in those piercing, blue eyes. He'd known. What followed was perhaps the most uncomfortable conversation that he and the Headmaster had ever had. Which was really saying something, as he and Albus Dumbledore had shared a number of terribly disquieting exchanges. It had led to an even more painful discussion the very next morning, consisting of some of his least favorite students, about what lay ahead… "It is up to you, now… Find Harry James Potter, at all costs…" The Headmaster's voice haunted him on a daily basis. It was, perhaps, the last time he had heard someone say the boy's full name out loud. Until the Dark Lord had ordered the Taboo on it, at least. Regardless. A world of white. Asleep, safe and sound… A world of white… The Dark Lord holds him… A world of white… A world of white … It was very little to go off of. So over the course of the next month and a half, Severus had dedicated himself to finding out exactly where this mysterious location may be. It was, naturally, exceptionally confusing and difficult. Especially considering that only days later Hogwarts was infiltrated (Draco, idiotic boy, refusing his help and not informing him of when, precisely, this attack was going to happen), Death Eaters were roaming the castle, and Albus Dumbledore, by his very unwilling hand, was dead. The astronomy tower. The Headmaster returned from wherever it was he'd gone (infuriatingly having taken those insipid students with him, no less, but having insisted that Severus stay behind to guard the school), Draco had disarmed him, and Snape had, as expected, as anticipated, finished the job… It was most dramatic. The torrid memory still woke him from his troubled sleep regularly. Then, as if that traumatic experience hadn't been enough…the meeting happened. That cursed, foul snake. It had gone insane! Severus had not—would never, ever do— anything to provoke such a creature, and yet it had lunged at him as though possessed. If he had not managed to move