I. Champions Harry inhaled the warm, September air with a smile on his face and a bounce in his step. The castle was as beautiful as ever, its towering spindles reaching up into the sky like they might claim the clouds for themselves. With Hermione on one side and Ron on his other, Harry couldn't have felt more at home than when he approached the giant doors alongside most of the student population of Hogwarts. "Oh—sorry—wotcher, Ron!" Harry barely stepped aside in time to avoid his best mate stumbling into him. Ron scoffed, adjusting his robes as the frazzled girl stepped away, blushing. "Watch where you're going, Tonks!" Ron shouted, but he was grinning. Everyone in their year knew that the Hufflepuff girl was a notorious klutz. That, and that she did not quite have a handle on her Metamorphmagus skills. "S-sorry!" she stuttered, but even as she apologized, her usual, light brown hair had begun to take on a hint of crimson. "Oh, dear," Hermione murmured. "There she goes again." Just moments later, and Nymphadora Tonks had bright red, Weasley hair, probably without even realizing. Ron groaned. "You know, I used to envy her transfiguration abilities, when I first read about Metamorphmagi," Hermione said under her breath. "But now… I just pity the girl. She really needs to get that skill set under control." Harry nodded, feeling sympathetic. It was common knowledge among the fourth years that Tonks had an especially hard time when she encountered strange or obscure features. Harry remembered viscerally when she had been stricken by his green eyes in Herbology class in their first year; so much so that she had accidentally replicated them. Tonks had, in fact, done such a good job at mimicking Harry's eyes that she had also ephemerally gained his astigmatism. Professor Sprout had needed to duplicate Harry's glasses so that she could see for the remainder of the period. It had been a mortifying class, to say the least. So it was not surprising in the least as they watched poor Tonks flounder away, unknowingly sporting ginger hair. Before any of them could say anything, though, she had the very great misfortune of running right into the Weasley twins. Her transformation, having already been on a Weasley-friendly track, only sped along more quickly as she came into physical contact with two more. "Oi! Look at this!" George shouted, wrapping one arm around her, and Fred instantly followed suit. Tonks looked both nervous and annoyed, but within a five second time-span, more than anything… she looked like a Weasley. "Tonks—I can't believe it—" "It's almost like—" "We're identical! " Everyone laughed at the spectacle—it looked now as though there were Weasley triplets . In fact, the only reason one could tell that the middle ginger was an imposter was because she was blushing furiously, and her robes were now several inches too short. "Oi, stop it!" Tonks yelled, trying uselessly to shove them off. "No way! We have to take you with us, make sure Filch gets a good look." "He'll think we've multiplied. Might even have a stroke." " Let her go! " A girl wearing a bright, silver badge and Ravenclaw colors stepped forward. "Let her go this instant, or I'll toss both of you in detention! I'm a prefect, now!" She pointed at her badge unnecessarily. Fred and George shared an amused look. "Myrtle, you can't throw us in detention! For one, we haven't done anything wrong—Tonks here did this to herself—but also, term hasn't started yet!" "Yeah, and we have a golden opportunity, here! So piss off so that she doesn't accidentally take on some of your horrible characteristics by accident—" "Like your glasses—" "Or your horrible skin—" "Or your face in general, really." All the older students laughed. Myrtle looked for a second like she might retaliate, but then her face broke and she ran away, sprinting into the Great Hall, sobbing. "Merlin. We haven't even eaten and we've already made Myrtle cry," Fred said. "This year shall be a spectacular one." George tightened his grip on Tonks, who had stopped struggling around the time Myrtle approached. "To the castle!" They then turned on the spot, their trapped captive between them, belting out the Hogwarts school song while their friends followed behind, laughing and singing along. "Oh, dear," Hermione sighed as they watched them go. "Poor Myrtle. That's good that she was made prefect this year, though. She can at least defend herself against bullies like your brothers." Ron snorted. "Yeah. Fat chance." Harry decided not to continue that particular line of conversation when he saw how Hermione glared, clearly affronted at the prospect that there were greater powers than school authority. "Well, I think it is going to be a spectacular year," he said cheerfully. They entered through the castle gates with the rest of their enthusiastic peers. "I've polished my broom, I got an amazing new pair of dragon skin gloves for my birthday, and Sirius taught me an even better spell for keeping the wind and rain out of my eyes when I ride." "Those all sound Quidditch related," Hermione said. "Exactly." They sat at the Gryffindor table in a spot that was exactly like their old one, only infinitely better because it was slightly closer to the front of the Hall. It was an unspoken practice that Harry was pretty sure happened in every house: the seventh years claimed the section closest to the staff table, and the following years generally sat accordingly behind them. Closer to the current Gryffindor seventh years, Harry saw, everyone was watching amusedly as their Head of House reprimanded Fred and George. Harry spied a furiously blushing and still semi-redheaded Tonks across the hall, looking like she wanted to the melt into the floor beneath the Hufflepuff table and never resurface. Harry's eyes also scanned the staff table, where he saw Dippet sitting in the middle. The Headmaster looked cheerful as usual, his white beard trailing down to his chest and wearing robes of bright purple. At his side was a young woman whom Harry did not recognize with blonde hair and huge, blue eyes. Next to her was someone who Harry knew very well, however. Remus Lupin, their Defense Against the Dark Arts instructor. He caught Harry's eye and smiled. The person next to him was Professor Flitwick, who was deep in conversation with Professor Sprout, and after that was someone who Harry despised on every conceivable level, so he then turned his attention back to his friends. "But besides Quidditch," Harry went on happily, "this year shall be special, as it is the year my darling sister finally becomes a student… Which means she won't be sending me countless letters all year long. She'll walk in with all the other midgets, be sorted into Gryffindor, and I shall welcome her into our house like the kind, older brother that I am... and I shall then proceed to not speak to her for the remainder of the year." He nodded firmly afterwards, and Ron chuckled. "Charming," Hermione drawled. "Ah, but that is how one does it, when one has a younger sister," Ron said. "I mean, I haven't spoken to Ginny ages." "What?" Ginny, who was not sitting very far away from them, turned. "Did you just say my name, Ron?" Ron looked distractedly up at the ceiling. "Did someone hear something?" Harry laughed, and Hermione, perhaps despite herself, grinned as well. They both waved at Ginny (Ron continued to examine the ceiling), who waved back, looking a bit confused before resuming a conversation with her friends. "What if your sister's not in Gryffindor, Harry?" Hermione asked. "Ha! Unlikely. There hasn't been a Potter who wasn't in Gryffindor in decades. Besides, she wants to be a Gryffindor. Says she can't wait to write our parents about it; my dad has already promised to buy her some stupid red and gold bow for her hair that she wants." "Same as our family, mate," Ron said. "A bunch of raucous, reckless Gryffindors." A loud burst of laughter at the front of the table caused them all to turn—Fred (or maybe George) had just inexplicably caused Lee Jordan to sprout feathers. The seventh years all laughed as they hurriedly got rid of them before any instructors saw. Once everyone was settled and sitting at their respective tables, Headmaster Dippet got to his feet. The murmuring diminished a bit, but didn't die down completely. "Quiet down, now, quiet down…" he said, putting his hands in the air. "Oh, how excited I am for this year to begin! It will be monumental, for many reasons. But before I begin to talk about new practices, we must honor some timeless traditions, first. Professor McGonagall, if you would?" The Gryffindor Head of House, who was now standing at the back of the Hall, nodded and stepped out for a moment. When she returned, the first years followed behind her, walking in a single line and looking exceptionally nervous. Harry spotted his sister, but she had her gaze focused on the stool in the front of the Hall. "Small class," Ron commented. Harry nodded; it really was less students than usual. His sister was the second to last to be sorted. McGonagall motioned for the first years to stop, and the silence took on an air of expectation as all eyes rested on the ratty, old hat which sat motionless of the stool. There was a long moment of quietness. Then the seam along the brim of the hat opened like a mouth…and it began to sing. " I know I'm not that handsome, But don't be fooled by my appearance, If you want to know where you belong, I'm the cap to give you clearance. There's not a single thought that I can't read, Nor a trait that I can't see, So try me on, don't be afraid, And I'll sort you easily. Perhaps you'll be in Gryffindor, Where the bold and brave all dwell, Those with daring and chivalry In Gryffindor do well. Or perhaps you're meant for Hufflepuff, Where dwell the loyal and the true. For those who are hard-working, Hufflepuff shall be for you. Though Ravenclaw may be your home, If you've a sharp and ready mind, Those Ravenclaws are perceptive folk, There's not an answer they can't find. Or maybe Slytherin will be where You find that you fit in, Those of clever, cunning, and quickest wit, Will do best in Slytherin. So don't be afraid to put me on! There's worse things to fear than that! I am the best (though I've no competition), The one, the only—Sorting Hat!" The Hall broke out into applause. Dippet stepped forward, beaming as he clapped along. "Wonderful! Marvelous! And now… let the sorting begin!" McGonagall unfurled a long scroll, and read the first name. "Creevey, Colin!" A tiny blonde boy was quickly sorted into Gryffindor. Then a girl went to Slytherin, two Ravenclaws were born, and so on… Harry waited with bated breath until, finally, his sister's name was called. "Potter, Isla!" For as much as Harry resembled his father, Isla looked even more like their mother. She had Lily's dark, red hair, her pale skin, her facial structure. The only major difference was that Isla had blue eyes rather than green; Harry alone had inherited those irises (as well as his father's terrible vision, which made no sense whatsoever as far as Harry was concerned...but he supposed nonsensical things had always happened to him, even before he was born). Isla hopped onto the stool. Just before the hat was set over her head, she caught Harry's eye and grinned. A few seconds passed, and then— " Slytherin!" …Silence. The atmosphere in the Hall went frigid in an instant. Even Professor McGonagall looked shocked as she pulled the Sorting Hat from Isla's head, whose face was pale and whose mouth was in a perfect, tiny 'o' of surprise. Her eyes were