Dedicated to my Stabby and Snake-y anons. You know who you are (even if no one else does). Beta'd by Dreaming the Melody XO "Quiet down, now, quiet down!" The classroom was nearly at capacity with the first-years from all four of the houses being jammed inside. The Ravenclaws were clamoring for the desks in the front, far too eager for Severus's liking; the Hufflepuffs were occupying the space in the middle, laughing and looking altogether too cheerful; and the Gryffindors and the Slytherins were casting each other judgmental stares, going to opposite sides of the room as though it had been pre-arranged. "I said quiet, please!" Pomona shouted, as it was her own house which was being the loudest. The Gryffindors may have usually been a boisterous group, but Severus could at least acknowledge that if Minerva was good at one thing as an instructor, it was her ability to make her students fall silent with a single look. Severus was even better at this. He glanced down at his Slytherin first-years, eyes narrowed, brows furrowed. Several of them lowered their heads on pure instinct. "Right, very good," Pomona said, once the Hufflepuffs finally listened and quieted themselves. Severus surveyed the students from the corner, his gaze distasteful and imposing. He hated this lecture. He hated it, he had always hated it, and today, with this particular group of students, he hated it more than ever. His godson was leaning back in his chair, examining his fingernails and looking bored already. Miss Granger was bouncing in her seat, having claimed a chair in the front alongside the Ravenclaws—though on the Gryffindor side of the Hufflepuff border. And directly behind her— Gods, he looked just like his arrogant, idiotic father. …Well. Severus shifted to the left, so that the lights from above cast a glare across his glasses in just the right place, obscuring his eyes. There. Just like his father. "Now. As you are all aware, seeing as it has been posted in your common rooms since the first day of classes, this is to be a lecture introducing you to Magical Dynamics and Maturity." Pomona brandished her wand over the chalkboard, and the words 'Magical Dynamics and Maturity' appeared along the top. "For those of you whose parents are witches and wizards, this will no doubt be a topic which is very familiar to you." Draco yawned theatrically, and the two overly large classmates he considered friends on either side of him sniggered. Severus shot them a warning look, and their jaws clicked shut. "However, this does not include all of us, and a proper overview from multiple, outside perspectives is always beneficial." Hence this lecture being mandatory , Snape thought with despair—for both the students and the Heads of Houses. What he wouldn't give to be literally anywhere else. "Now, who here can tell me what the three basic categories of magical signatures are?" Granger's hand immediately shot up in the air, ahead of a slew of Ravenclaws. Severus hardly suppressed an eyeroll—it was only the second week of classes, and already she was an insufferable know-it-all. "Yes, Miss Granger?" "The three categories are alphas, betas, and omegas. Most witches and wizards are betas, while around twenty percent of males present as alphas, and ten percent of females present at omegas." "Very good, Miss Granger! You've gone and answered my next question, too, before I could even ask it. Take five points for Gryffindor." Granger smiled. The Ravenclaws glared at her, looking as though they'd just been cheated out of an opportunity. "As Miss Granger just told us, these are the three categories—Alpha, Beta, Omega." The words each appeared on the board, one next to another. "Now. magical maturity is different from physical maturity. It happens sometime after you have undergone puberty, the same as muggles do. This means that the average age for this occurrence—often referred to as 'presenting'—is usually between 14 and 16. Always before 17, when you officially come of age. The most common time for this change is spring or early summer, though it can happen at any time. Females tend to present a bit earlier than males. For betas, which will be most of you, this is a relatively easy transition, so we'll spend a fair amount of time going over this." She stepped aside, allowing Minerva to take over. Professor McGonagall did not share Professor Sprout's merry disposition or easy smile; her lips were pressed into a thin line and her expression stern. "Magic is something which is often unpredictable and uncontainable, yet as you grow older, it is most certainly perceivable. Every witch and wizard has a different aura, much like everyone has a unique appearance and scent. Some of them will be attractive to you. Some of them will not." Granger's hand shot up in the air again—apparently, the prompt of a question was not necessary for her to be a nuisance. "Yes, Miss Granger?" "How can you tell?" she asked, breathless. Then she blushed, realizing that this was more than likely an awkward question. Unfortunately, she was unable to stop herself from elaborating. "I mean—we've been in the castle for over a week now, and I can't tell at all what any of you…" She trailed off, then, her arm lowering and looking bashful. "That's because you, just like nearly everyone else in this room, is magically immature, Miss Granger," Minerva explained. "While you are still young, such nuances will be beyond you. In fact, being able to perceive magical signatures is how most people learn they are going through the change. It's difficult to explain, but you will definitely know it when it happens." "You said it's like smell?" one of the Hufflepuffs asked, her nose wrinkled. A few others giggled. "Raise your hand next time, Abbot!" Pomona chided. Minerva looked unaffected. "It is a combination of all the senses," she said. "Smell is a part of it—you'll notice scents associated with individuals you had never picked up on before, as well as visual subtleties and another, more powerful sense that is very difficult to describe until you experience it. It is the perception of magic, which feels somewhat like a magnetic pull towards or push away from someone else, depending on your own magic's inclination. "Now, I suppose some of you are wondering why this may be." Minerva paused, her jaw visibly tightening. "This is magic at its most primal, basic level. While we, as sophisticated and evolved human beings, have manipulated magical energy into very controllable forms in many ways—through the use of wands, for example—this is a form we have never been able to completely control. It is magic's way of guiding us towards the most appropriate partner in order to produce healthier offspring." There was a beat of silence before the inevitable snickering ensued. "Silence," Severus hissed from his corner in the shadows, and it immediately ceased. Minerva shot him a quick look as if to say, I could have done that. Severus smirked. "Eighty percent of the males in this room and ninety percent of the females will present as a beta," she continued briskly. "A beta's magic is the most malleable and easily controlled, and their presentation is fairly straight forward." Minerva pointed her wand at the board, and a few bullet points appeared in the center, under 'Beta'. "Heightened sense of smell and sharper vision, light fever, and, ultimately, the ability to perceive the magical signatures of others. For betas, this all happens very quickly, often in the course of a single day. It's not uncommon for a beta to go to sleep feeling slightly off, only to awake and find that their senses have changed. It will be abundantly clear to you, then, who other, presented betas are… as well as the alphas and the omegas. The three different categories have very distinct… flavors, for lack of a better word. Again, it is a perception that is difficult to explain until you have experienced it. Male betas tend to feel a stronger pull towards omega females, and female betas tend to feel a stronger pull towards alpha males. Yes, Miss Abbot?" The same Hufflepuff who had spoken out before had raised her hand. "But betas usually end up together, don't they, professor?" she asked. "Why is that the case, if betas feel more of a pull towards omegas and alphas?" Minerva did an impressive job of looking unaffected. "Because alphas and omegas almost always end up together," she said. "It's not unusual for an alpha to be with a beta—it's fairly common, in fact—but it's almost unheard of for an omega to pair with a beta. This could be explained simply by an individual's preference, as magical attraction does not mean mental compatibility, but it is truthfully more about percentages. There are more alphas than there are omegas. Omegas, therefore, have the ability to be more selective, and will nearly always prefer an alpha to a beta." No matter how illogical, ridiculous, and terrible that choice may be, Snape thought with bitter contemptuousness. "Regardless… As I said earlier, beta magic is the most malleable, meaning that their inclinations are based more on the individual's abilities. Omegas, however, have a strong tendency towards defensive and restorative magic, whereas alphas lean more towards power-based spells. Yes, Miss Brown?" "Is it true that every dark wizard to ever exist was an alpha?" she asked in a hushed voice, glancing warily towards the Slytherins. They returned her apprehensive look with haughty expressions of their own. Minerva sighed. "It is a troubling statistic, yes," she said. "But that certainly doesn't mean that all alpha males are infatuated by the dark arts. Look at our Headmaster, for instance. Professor Dumbledore is an alpha male, and he is about as far from a dark wizard as you can get." Most of the students murmured in agreement; some of the boys even looked relieved. Draco muttered something under his breath to his friends, who chuckled in amusement. "However, alpha males do tend to take up positions of power and rank, while omega females have a strong tendency to take on more… traditionally feminine roles," she finished vaguely. "But again, this is a tendency , not a rule. There have been omega females who have gone on to be aurors and politicians, and there have been alpha males who have never worked at all." Severus didn't miss the way her eyes flickered to Draco, no doubt thinking of his aristocratic, alpha male father… who had not, in fact, worked a day in his life. Not on paper, at least. "I heard that all the darkest wizards were not only alpha males, but Slytherins ," said a Gryffindor girl whom Severus did not yet know the name of. He opened his mouth to snarl something vicious at her, but Minerva spoke before he could. "That is just another stereotype," she said curtly. "Yes, there have been more dark wizards that have come from Slytherin, but there had been practitioners of the dark arts which have come from the other houses, as well." "Not Hufflepuff!" The boy who shouted it actually stood, he was so suddenly passionate and indignant. "There's never been a dark wizard to come from Hufflepuff!" "That's because Hufflepuff never produces alpha males," Draco drawled loudly, causing the Slytherin half of the room to laugh. But the boy only puffed his chest out further. "Not true!" he yelled, pointing at Draco dramatically. "Cedric Diggory is an alpha male, ask anyone who's presented. And there's not a chance that he could ever go dark!" "All right, Mr. Macmillan, that's quite enough out of you. Sit down." Pomona tapped her wand against her leg, looking as annoyed as Pomona ever could. Reluctantly, the boy did. Severus decided it was high time he speak. "It would seem there are some serious… misconceptions ," he began, sweeping to the center of the room and all but shoving Minerva aside. He paused,