For Veronika XO He was not a boy, but a hero. Harry's long, black robe billowed behind him in the wind, fluttering like a living shadow across the barren ground. The naked branches of the elder trees swayed ominously, gnarled twigs like fingers reaching greedily towards the heavens. The sky was painted in steely hues, gray and silver, dark and foreboding. Thunder rumbled softly above him, the promise of an imminent storm, but the champion paid it no mind. He was focused. "I am the savior, foretold in a prophecy, born as the seventh month dies… I am the Chosen One." Harry's voice was clear, confident, pointing towards his mortal enemy with accusation in his eyes. "And you, the Dark Lord, the Immortal King, born as one dawn died and a new one began… You will lose, if you fight me. I have seen what you will become. You are lost, unless you try for… Try for…" Harry frowned, brows furrowed as he thought furiously. After a long, fruitless moment, Harry dropped his arm. He groaned in defeat, the magic of the moment gone, the spell of make-believe deteriorating into the blandness of reality. "Damn it, why can I never think of that last line?" he muttered, retrieving the book he'd left on the grass. It was his favorite story in the world, his most prized possession. Flight from Death. It was an apt title, considering the antagonist and the protagonist. A villain whom feared death more than anything, delving into corruption in order to overcome the inevitability of a still heart and a stagnant pulse… And an innocent child, the future hero who had never been given a choice, living his entire life in fear of the monster's shadow, all because of a prophetic statement that was possibly a falsity… The Chosen One, whom everyone in the fictional kingdom believed was the only person who could save them all… The hero and the villain, both fleeing from death in their own ways… Harry's obedient dog, who sat watching his reenactment from the sidelines, cocked his head as he flipped through the pages of the book, looking far too inquisitive for any animal. Harry could have slapped himself. " Try for some remorse ," he read out loud. " Why is that line so hard for me to remember? Why does my mind always go blank? …Do you know, Sirius?" Sirius, being a dog, answered simply by wagging his tail at the sound of his name. Harry laughed and scratched his ear. "Yeah, me either," he said, grinning. Off in the distance, the clock tower began to emit a low, monotonous beat. "Oh, shit!" Harry yelled as he snapped the book shut. "It's already seven!" As if to make matters worse, it began to not only rain, but pour . Harry quickly hid Flight from Death in the pocket inside of his long coat, far more concerned with it getting wet than him. "Let's go, Sirius!" he yelled, taking off towards his house. The massive, black dog immediately followed at his heels. He sprinted as quickly as they could, but even though the park was not far from where he lived, both Harry and his dog were drenched by the time they made it to the porch. …Where Aunt Petunia was waiting for him, under the awning, all dressed up… Looking furious. " Boy! Where have you been, and what are you wearing?" she snapped. She then looked quickly down the street, clearly concerned that the neighbors may be watching. "Get inside, now," she hissed. Harry slowly shuffled towards the door. "C'mon, Sirius…" " Not the dog!" Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Petunia's shrill command left no room for disagreement. "Go to the shed, boy," Harry commanded morosely. Sirius whined, but never disobeyed Harry. He hung his head and walked away, his dark, shaggy hair so long that it grazed the ground as he went. "Stay on the patio, boy, I need to get you a towel—can't have you tracking water all over our nice wood floors—" Harry took the robe he was wearing off and draped it over the patio railing while he waited, carefully setting his book aside. At least the cloak had prevented his other clothes from getting drenched. His aunt quickly returned with a stack of old towels in her hands, and promptly thrust one into Harry's arms. "Why are you wearing that dreadful thing, anyway? Where did you even get it?" she asked huffily as Harry dried his hair. She watched with a distasteful expression on her face, probably because no matter what state it was in—wet, dry, combed, blow-dried—Harry's hair always looked like a rooster had just tried to make itself a home there. "Thrift store," Harry mumbled, wiping the moisture from his glasses. Petunia's eyes narrowed even more as she glanced at the book. "This is getting out of hand, boy," she seethed. Harry snatched the book up before she could think to take it from him, immediately defensive. Petunia rolled her eyes. "I don't have time for your nonsense. Take your shoes off and get inside, your uncle and I have a reservation at 7:30. I told you to be home by seven!" Harry slipped out of his beat-up, old converse and followed her into the house."If I didn't have other plans, you said," he muttered, against his better judgment. Petunia put her hands on her hips, her petulant expression softening only slightly. "Well, you never said you had other plans," she quipped. "I would hire another sitter if you did—and I think you should! A boy your age should have plans, should be out on dates with girls!" Harry hardly stopped himself from wincing. It never ceased to amaze him just how incredibly unperceptive his aunt was when it came to her nephew, especially considering how much she knew of the neighborhood gossip. Harry was not like most sixteen-year-old boys, that much was very clear. He was far more interested in art and theatre than anything else, he often wore jewelry and didn't care what anyone thought about it, and it was painfully obvious to anyone who bothered to get to know him (and to most of his peers, many of whom did not react kindly) that Harry was not interested in going on dates with girls. His aunt was too woefully blind to notice. …His uncle wasn't. "Vernon! He's here, and we need to leave, now!" Harry lowered his gaze on instinct as Vernon entered the living room. Harry's uncle was tall, huge, and terrifying… even with a fussy baby in his hands. "About bloody time," Vernon grumbled. "Here, boy. Take Dudley. And be gentle with him!" Harry almost said something stupid and reckless, then—being told to be gentle from Vernon was nothing short of laughable. But he didn't. Harry held his tongue and took his baby cousin from him, doing everything in his power to touch his uncle as little as possible in the process. Dudley writhed unhappily in his arms. His baby cousin, just over a year old, was colicky in general, but seemed even more distraught tonight. Harry abhorred him. He knew it was childish, he knew it was unfair, but it was the truth. Harry detested the infant in his arms, because Dudley's birth had marked a significant decline to Harry's quality of life. It wasn't like things had been wonderful before Dudley was born—quite the opposite, in fact. Harry had been relatively ignored and neglected, an unwanted addition to his aunt and uncle's lives as newlyweds. Harry had practically been forced upon them after his parents died in a car accident, just a baby himself at the time, with no other family to take him in. It amazed him to this day that they hadn't just dropped him off at an orphanage, but they hadn't. Sometimes, Harry wondered if he might have been better off if they had done that. He couldn't remember a life that didn't consist of his neglecting aunt, her monstrous husband, and the dismal cupboard under the stairs. His childhood had by no means been pleasant, then… but everything became infinitely worse when Harry's aunt finally became pregnant two years ago. Petunia turned into the mother she never had been to him, radiating a kind of warmth that Harry had never known personally. And Harry, awkward, going through puberty and suddenly even less wanted in their happy household, had never felt more ostracized. Vernon had changed, too. The neglect from his uncle had turned into outright abuse, and Harry was counting down the days until he turned eighteen and could leave this house and what he'd known as 'family' behind. "We should be home around ten or so," Petunia said as Vernon helped her into her coat, a monster acting the part of a gentleman. "Take good care of my special, precious Dudders." Her last words were hardly meant for Harry; Petunia had said them in a simpering baby tone just before leaning over and pressing her lips to Dudley's forehead. The infant only writhed more in Harry's arms in response, but Petunia smiled at him nonetheless. "All right, we're off. Be good." Vernon held the door open for her, flashing Harry a sinister smile before he grabbed an umbrella and followed her. "Right, Harry. Be good. " He left, locking the door behind them. Harry sighed and his muscles relaxed in their absence. The sensation of relief was fleeting. Dudley started crying in earnest when lightning flashed again, followed shortly by another deep roar of thunder. "Come on, now," Harry said, rocking him gently. "It's just a storm, nothing so scary…" Harry took Dudley to his room, hoping that laying him in his crib beneath his mobile might calm him—a moving, hanging toy which Harry himself had made him. Dudley loved to watch the ornaments whirl past; in fact, his first giggle had happened the night they first lay him under it. Creating the mobile was, in his aunt's eyes, one of the few things that Harry had managed to do right in his life—making Dudley a fantastical orbit consisting of a man on a motorcycle, a snowy owl, a dark horse with wings, and a number of other creatures that made absolutely no sense. Why had he thought to carve out of wood a miniature creature with an eagle's head but a horse's behind? Harry had no idea, but he had, and baby Dudley had found it delightful. He did not find it delightful, now. Harry sighed, spinning the mobile and thinking of how much simpler life was before Dudley had been born. How it had been easier, better. "Why did you have to happen?" he muttered under his breath. Dudley sobbed more loudly in response. He knew it was ridiculous, but Harry found himself thinking about his favorite story again. The Flight from Death , the tale of the Dark Lord, the Immortal King: the villain who collected souls like objects, and would take any offering, any sacrifice to feed his power… The evil antagonist who offered fantasies in exchange for life… Who could make one's wildest dreams come true… Harry smiled, feeling uncharacteristically twisted. Perhaps it was simply Dudley's shrill cries grating on his nerves just enough—the final, unbearable note that filled him with a fleeting and horrid bitterness. Fleeting, but powerful. Harry may have had a hard time with that last line from the tale, but he recalled the spell which would supposedly summon the Dark Lord well. He reached for Dudley, feeling reckless and bold. "… Morsmordre." Harry whispered the made-up word from the fairy tale with malice. He smirked as he held his baby cousin high up over his head, like the fictional Dark Lord might pluck him out of his hands right then and there. Of course, this did not happen. Dudley just continued to cry, his fat cheeks blotchy, red, and covered in tears. "Oh, I'm just joking ," Harry