Don't Run Summary - Anastasia Johnson is use to being the new girl, her father was in the military and her family was always moving around. When it's time to retire her father and mother suggest moving to the small town of Forks, Washington. What'll happen when she meets the guys of La Push, and "normal" family in Forks. A/N: My first fanfic ever, be nice I hope you like it. Leave a review and maybe even favorite me and this story? -Wink wink- Italics mean flashback Chapter One The Move Anastasia's PoV I finished packing the last of my clothes in my suitcase, letting out a sigh I zipped it up and slowly rolled it out of my room. I'm moving from sunny Key West, Florida so a small rainy town of Forks, Washington. I still wasn't even sure why her parents wanted to move from Key West, it's where everyone wanted to retire. I knew there was one thing I'd miss, besides the beach, heat, and the sun… It would be the cute guys who'd come here for summer break. I slowly walked down the hallway to the empty living room, my parents were out front getting there things packed into the taxi. I'm pretty sure they're waiting on me now, I walked even slower to the front door. "Anastasia! We have a flight to catch let's go!" I heard my dad yell, I picked up the pace. Even though he was retired, he scared me. I opened the front door and put my sunglasses on. "Sorry dad, I just had to say goodbye again." I said walking down the steps to the curb. "It's alright, it's just a pain in the ass to get a new flight. Let's go, I promise all your things will be at our new house when you get there." He gave me the sweet dad smile, and I couldn't help myself but grin back at him. "Even my car?" I hinted at him, he laughed and took my suitcase from me. "Keep dreaming darlin'." He said and climbed into the cab, I followed behind him. I looked at myself in the mirror I hung on my door, I had on a light purple sundress, with black knee high gladiator sandals. My tanned skin really brought out the color of the dress. I brushed my blonde hair and, quickly put it into a ponytail. Smiling at myself I curled the tips of my ponytail to make my purple and pink highlights look bouncy. I was happy I could color my hair, and since my dad was never home my mom always agreed. She just kept saying I'd pay the price later, and she was right. My dad always yelled at me when I changed something about myself. I looked back in the mirror and pulled my ponytail to the side, so it now hung down my shoulder to the top of my stomach. I smiled even more, when I saw how good my light makeup looked with my blue and green eye. I grew to love my heterochromia iridum, it make me unique and I was one unique kind of girl. I felt myself grin, and saw all my acne was finally gone. I had the clear skin I always wanted, and I was planning to keep it that way. I grabbed my purse and walked out to the living room to meet my mom. "Come on Ana, you'll make us late. Stop day dreaming." I heard my mom say, and I quickly exited the cab. Grabbing my suitcase, I walked into the airport. I followed my parents as they had to get two suitcases checked, then we walked to security. "Our flight leaves in less than an hour, so let's try to get to the gate quickly." My dad said, he loved being early to everything. Except the airport, he couldn't stand the airport. Always made sure we were there with less than an hour. "Okay." I mumbled, and walked through the line to get checked. After taking off my shoes, placing my cellphone into a bin, and taking my laptop out of my suitcase I walked through the metal detector and got the "Okay." I repacked my laptop put my phone in my back pocket and shoved my shoes onto my feet I walked towards the gate with my parents close behind. It wasn't even 10 minutes later, when our plane started boarding. I quickly put my suitcase in the overhead compartment and took the window seat. My parents weren't far behind and took the seats next to mine. " Anastasia, you look so beautiful." I heard my mom say, I looked up at her a smiled. She was in her early 40's, but looked so young. Her copper color hair hung past her shoulders, and it really help bring out her green eyes. She wore a long white skirt and blue top with white flip flops. " You're not wearing a contact today?" She asked, and I shook my head. " I want to show the true me to all of dad's friends. You think he'll dislike it?" I asked and looked down, I never wanted to displease my dad. " Of course not, you know he loves how unique you are." " I know, but I'm just scared I'll get called named. I did bring my contact though, just in case." " That's a good call, but no one is going to think you're a freak. They'll all see how much of a beautiful young women you've become." She smiled, and I walked over and gave her a hug. " I'm glad dad finally gets to retire." I said into her shoulder. " Me too, and I think he's going to be surprised to see how nice you look. No more acne, and no braces either. Though I know he won't be a fan of your choice of hair color, or the extra ear piercing, don't even let him figure out you got your belly button pierced and you better not let him find out about the tattoo on your shoulder. I won't be around when he finds out about either of those." " Yeah I have the tattoo covered, plus mom it's not that big. It's just a butterfly." I groaned. " Ok, let's go meet your father now. I'm sure he misses us." " I know he misses us mom." 30 minutes later my mom and I were waiting at the airport for my dad. She held a sign, and I was holding his favorite thing a red velvet cupcake. I saw people walking towards us, and I couldn't hold my excitement. It's been 6 months since I've seen my dad, all I wanted to him home now. " There he is!" I heard my mom, and she took off jogging in his direction. I followed behind her quickly, and saw what she was talking about. 10 feet away and closing was a man about 6'3'' brown buzzed hair, and dressed in uniform was my dad. His skin had gotten tanner from being over seas. I saw him smile as he saw my mom, and grew into a grin when he saw me. I almost dropped his cupcake, and jumped into his arms. " I missed you dad." I said feeling tears run down my cheeks. " I missed you too Ana, and we'll talk about your hair later." He said, and I knew I was going to be in trouble… someday, but not today. A week had passed, and after my dad found out about all my choices I had made. I wasn't grounded, but he wasn't my biggest fan for a few hours. I walked in on my parents talking about moving. " It's a nice town, Ana would love all the nature there too." I heard my dad say. " You know she loves it here, she only has 2 more years at school. Plus her 17 year old self is going to throw a HUGE tantrum too." My mom said. " We're moving?" I asked walking up to them, I wasn't really mad more in shock. " Yes, Key West is nice but it'd be nice to get away from the sun. We can keep the house, and when you graduate from school you're more then welcome to move back here." " Where would we move to?" I asked and looked at the sheet of paper on the table. "Forks, Washington. Across the United States." I added trying to process it, " Yes, but like I said this is YOUR house. You can move back here as soon as you graduate. Does that seem fair?" My mom asked, and I nodded. " I won't be happy, but I'll do it since you guys want to. When would we be moving?" " In about a month, so start packing. There are boxes in the gurage." My dad said, smiling. I exited the plane, following behind my mom and dad. The Seattle airport was huge compared to the one in Key West. It was early June, so it looked pretty warm outside. I smiled to myself, and kept my eyes down. I felt self conscious about myself again, even though I had my green contact on and my purple and pink highlights tucked away in a bun. "Ana are you okay?" I heard my dad ask, I looked up and gave him a smile. "I'm not sure if I want to respond to that." I said, and he nodded. "It's ok sweetheart, no one knows who you are. You should have kept your contact out and your hair down. Show the true you to everyone." My mom said pulling me to a stop. "I guess, it's been awhile since I've felt like this though." "It'll pass trust me, let's grab our bags and head to the house. I'm sure you'll love the view and your room." "Alright, do I have a walk in closet?" I asked, and I saw my dad shake his head but laugh. "Yes, this house has everything you could ever want. With some surprises too." He said, and I squealed with delight. "Well, let's hurry up!" An hour later the taxi pulled up in front of a two story house, with a garage. I noticed both my parents cars were parked outside, and my mom always said the garage was hers. I didn't think twice, and jumped out of the cab. "It looks nice, and very modern." I said, my dad put his arm over my shoulder. "It's newly built, I bought this land just for this house. It's got everything you wanted, walk in closet, your own bathroom - so you don't have to share with the visiting guest - and your room is painted teal." He said, and walked me to the front door. "The only thing we have to do is move everything into it's correct spot. The movers put the furniture into the correct rooms, but we'll have to assemble it and move it to where we see fit." "Sounds like we should turn up some music and make a part out of this." I laughed, as my dad unlocked the front door. "It'll be a small party, with just the three of us." "Works for me." My mom chimed in walking into the house first. I followed behind my mom, and looked around. Under my feet was hardwood floor, the walls were painted a light green color with crown like molding. Windows pointed out towards the woods behind the house, showing off the forest and mountains. I was going to enjoy seeing that every day. I walked around, looking at the kitchen which had cherry wood cabinets and grey granite counter tops there were stainless steel appliances, and an island in the middle. "Welcome home." My dad said. "Ana your room is upstairs first door on the left, go check it out." "Okay, then we can