Mrs Rosalie McCarty Cullen, i like the away that sounds. Emmett and I have been married for roughly 6 hours and so far it has been amazing. The Denali's, the European, Romanian, Egyption and the Irish Covens attended but i only had eyes for Emmett. The ceremony was amazing, as soon as i saw him at the end of the aisle i was not nervous, i knew he loved me. Esme took hundreds of pictures during the ceremony and the reception. During the reception we did all the traditional wedding gimicks, we fed each other cake, Emmett removed my garter and i danced with Emmett, Carlisle and Edward. Finally at midnight everyone had left to go back to the Denali's, i was alone with my new husband. My inital panic was setting in, i knew Emmett loved me i just worried about the intimate act we had yet to do. Finally when the whole gang had gone i was alone with my wife. The wedding and reception were perfect, when i saw her walking down that aisle i knew we were doing the right thing, she looked like an angel in her white dress. She was a perfect angel and now she was MY perfect angel. After waving Carlisle and Esme off i went to find her. She was stood at the edge of the forest the wind blowing thorugh her veil. We were due to depart to Bora Bora tomorrow afternoon, we decided it would be best to spend our wedding night somewhere that was familiar. I walked up behind her and snaked my arms around her tiny waist inhaling her sweet scent. She let out a deep sigh and placed her hands on mine, she smiled and whispered "tonight will be perfect". I chuckled and picked her up bridal style and took her in the house up to our room. I put her down on her feet and shut the door. I walked back to where she stood and looked down at her. At 6'5 i towered over my 5'6 angel, i leant down and gave her a light kiss. His lips were so soft, plush and i couldn't help but smile, this man was all mine and i was his. I whispered in his ear "unzip me please". I turned around and let him unzip my princess gown, i held onto the front of the dress to stop it falling away from me completely. I turned back around to him and smiled " i'll be back in a few minutes, get comfortable". I turned away from him and walked to the ensuite, my dress swishing aorund my legs. I closed the door behind me and let the dress fall away from my body leaving me in my bridal underwear which i hastily stripped off. I walked over to the bathroom counter and pull out my red, lace babydoll and matching kimono. I slipped the soft lingerie over my body and wrapped the kimono around me tying it at the front. I looked in the mirror once last time and removed the pins from my hair letting it fall gently froms it updo into its natural curls past my shoulders. I smiled at myself in the mirror and exited the bathroom. My beautiful bride had left to change and i felt empty like a part of me was missing. I could but wonder what she was doing just behind that door. I looked in the mirror and saw that i was still fully dressed, i decided to remove my jacket, tie and shoes. I kept on my waistcoat and long sleeved shirt but i rolled up the sleeves. I quickly lit a few candles and turned on the radio quietly. I heard the soft click of the bathroom door, i spun round and let out a gasp. Stood leaning against the doorframe was my bride, my angel. Though she was no longer dressed as an angel she was dressed in a silk red kimono with her golden curls hanging loosely by her shoulders. She saw me staring at her and she smirked. Leaning against the bathroom door i saw Emmetts mouth drop, he scanned my body and for some reason i felt completely comfortable under his gaze. I moved gracefully towards him and slipped my arms around his muscly neck. I pushed him down onto the bed, i straddled him so i was sitting on his thighs. I ran my fingers through his brown curls and he ran has massive hands up my sides leaving a tingling sensation where he touched me. My sexy Rosalie was sitting on my lap and i was becoming more and more aroused by the second. I ran my hands up her sides along the silk. " i like the colour, did you pick it for me" she giggled and placed a soft kiss on my lips. She stood up and turned her back to me she untied her kimono and let it slip from her body. I let out another gasp, she was wearing a red lace babydoll which didn't leave much to the imagination. She turned around a devious smile on her perfect face she came back and sat down on my lap. "Oh Rose why are you teasing me". I started to leave a trail of kisse from her lips to her neck to her collarbone amd finally down to her breasts. I put my arm under her bum and she rested her weight on it, i stood and walked to the top of the bed where i lay her down and lay down ontop of her leaning my weight on the elbow. Even though he wasn't fully resting on me, the slight weight of him feel so right. "How come your wearing so much" i giggled and started unbuttoning his waistcoat, i slid it down his massive arms and let it fall to the floor. He ran his fingers through my blonde curls as i unbuttoned his shirt which i threw to the floor. He was so perfect, those bulging biceps and perfect abs. I ran my fingers over his bare back and felt his back muscles ripple as he moved. I let out a sigh and smiled up at him. He kissed my lips, wrapping his arms under me and around my waist, closing any space between us. The kiss became more heated and more passionate until we were both lost in it. Kissing her was the best feeling in the entire world, i never wanted it to end. I started to unclasp her outfit and as i did so her body froze, i knew what she was thinking, " Rose its me Emmett, i wont hurt you let me do this for you". She nodded and her body relaxed again and i removed he clothes. I looked down and saw her perfect, naked lyinh on out bed. I couldnt help but smile. "My turn" she whispered, she ran her hands down to my trousers, she unbuttoned and unzipped my trousers. I pulled them down and threw them to the floor. She was naked and i was down to y silk boxers, she pulled me close, her skin against mine. Finally i saw the body i craved so much, i gently ran her fingertips over his abs and over his defined v-lines. I finally reach the hem of his boxers, i ran my thumb over his bone and finally slipped my fingers into his boxers where i took his swollen member in my hand. He grabbed his boxers and tugged them off leaving us both fully exposed. After i got rid of those boxers i stood up and looked down at my angel. I bent down and ran my hands up her smooth legs pushing them up so they were bent at the knee. I placed a hand between her legs and ran it up until it was lying on her stomach. I used my other hand to spread her bent legs apart and lowered my head between them. "What are you doing Emmett", "its okay babe, trust me" she nodded and lay back down. I lowered my head between her legs and started showing her how felt to make love with someone whonloves you. I lay down and told myself to relax. He loved me and wanted to show me how much he did. I had to let him, i trusted him. My body shuddered when he began flicking his tongue over my folds. Slowly he inched his tongue further into to me until he found what he was looking for. When he hit my sweet spot his gentle, flicks turned into deep, passionate strokes. I could hear him groan and my un-needed breath hitched. A strange feeling swept over my body, one i had never experienced before, i reached down and garbbed his hair. "Emmett please stop", he did not listen and he went faster and harder. The sensation was growing and finally a wave of our bliss swept over me. I felt my juices slowing and i felt Emmett licking them up. When he had finished he sat up and smiled at me. "I asked you to stop and you didnt, why didnt you "Did you enjoy it" i asked her, a pleased grin spread across my face. "What happened to me it felt strange ... but amazing". I couldnt help but chuckle at her last statement. I leant down and whispered in her ear. She let out a gasp and covered her face with her hands. I chuckled again "babe you serioudly did not know". "No, never, in my time you didnt talk about things lie that they were private." I moved her hands from her face and smiled at her "well know you know, im glad i could make you feel like that" I was so embarrassed how could i not have known all those times when i hear Esme and Carlisle, oh my god that is gross. I looked up and saw my husband still smiling lovingly at me with that gorgeous smile, in that moment i felt brave. "But there is more for you. "Yes buy you dont have to do that now now, not ever if you dont want to". I sat up and pushed his shoulder lightly signalling to him that i wanted him to lie down on the bed. I knelt beside him and took his enormous member gently in my hand "i want to try" i started moving up and down his shaft. "Okay but you can stop whenever you want and remember you cant hurt me" I didnt want to pressure her but it felt so good. I have unfortuntely been with other girls but none made me feel liek this, this was special and sacred. Rosalie is mine and i am hers and it felt so right. She moved her hands up and down my shaft expertly. "God rose do you know how you make me feel" How i make him feel, does he know how he makes me feel. I cannot believe i am doing this, i dont even know what im doing but i think he is enjoying it. "I have an idea, please just let me try". Before he could object i began the tip of his engorged member, not breathing is a great advantage here as i move my mouth down and take his 10 inch member in mouth. I heard him groan and grunt when i began moving up and down massage with my hand as i went, i felt his member pulsing andni knew he was close "Okay time to stop or im going to cum", she ignored me and carried on sucked faster and harder. She moved so she was straddling my legs while she gave my a blowjob. For her first time she is amazing. I felt her throat relax around my member as she deep throats me. Again i plead to her t stop but once