Horror Week October 2013 Salem, MA "This is definitely the best time of the year," Emmett shouts loudly, grabbing a gummy eyeball and chomping on it until it oozes candy blood all over his lips. I chuckle at the sight. Em has always been a big kid and I think that's what we all like the most about him. "It's something," Edward mutters, shaking his head. And he's already being a sour puss. Edward's on edge, especially lately. I don't know what's bothering him, but damn, I hope he finds that stick soon. "Shut up!" Alice shouts, looking around at Emmett's decorations. Rose put him in charge of it because it attracts visitors. As much as she, herself, detests the holiday, she's never been one to say no to money. "This place is sick." "Em, this is pretty cool," Jasper says, looking over at the very realistic looking body parts dangling from the rafters. "Well, I think it's fun," I declare, getting a few odd looks. "You hate being scared," Rose comments from behind the bar. "Yeah, Swan, you piss your pants every time I pull anything on you," Emmett chimes in. I shake my head. "Not every time. And either way, I like it. I think it's fun to forget we're adults for a minute and enjoy the spirit of the season." "Don't kid yourself, you only like it for the booze," Edward comments with a smile, wrapping an arm around my shoulder. I roll my eyes, shrugging off his arm and stare at the pile of "rotting flesh" splattered on the wall. Rose's inn is where we hang out during this time of the year. Especially since it's Salem, Mass. Her pub draws in quite the crowd during horror week. But not the inn so much anymore. We've all talked about her taking the inn and expanding her pub into it to boost profits, but she's not having it. She wants to retain the authenticity of her great-great-grandmother's inn. Rose loves the place and it was passed down through her family. Not only that, but it has a pretty great horror story to go with it, as well. The Hawthorne Inn was once owned by Rose's great-great grandmother and was passed down the line to Rose eventually. But when it was owned and operated by her great-grandmother, Lucile, there was a huge fire in the kitchen that took her great-grandmother's life as well as several of the help that worked here at the time. So it's haunted. Or at least that's what Rose tells us. However, not one of us has ever seen any inkling of spirits roaming the inn or the pub. *HW* "Guys, I'm going to need a big favor from you all, this week, please?" Rose pleads in her sweet way. "What is it?" Jas wonders, sipping at his beer and combing his fingers through his hair. "I have some big visitors that'll be staying here and I need to make this place seem like it's booming. And as of right now," Rose looks down at her scheduling book, "I only have them booked for this week." "Why?" Edward asks. Rose shrugs, looking annoyed. "Sure, whatever you need," I tell her. "You know I'm in," Em says. "You know we'll be here," Jasper tells her. "Thanks everyone; I don't know what I'd do without you guys," she says with a smile, before scowling at Edward. Rose can't really blame Edward for his behavior though, because he's been her whipping boy for so long. And for free to boot. Edward handles all the maintenance around the inn and pub and has since Rose took it over after college. He was a great sport when it first started, but now, he kind of feels like she's taking advantage of him. But truth be told, I don't think Rose can really afford to pay him. *HW* "She's a friendly ghost," Rose tells me seriously. I shake my head. "She is." "They can't all be friendly," I murmur, remembering there were some twenty people who lost their lives that night. "I don't know what the deal is, but the only time I ever thought I saw something was on Halloween itself, and of course on the anniversary of the fire." "Well, I wish there was something we could do to get her and her ghostly friends to stop being so damn Casper-esque and start scaring the shit out of the patrons. Your business would really be booming then." Rose shrugs. It's true though, over the past few years business has dwindled. Where horror enthusiast are opting to stay at hotels that are haunted and regularly visited by ghosts. I'm not saying that Rosie's inn isn't haunted. I've seen the newspaper clippings and all. But I just wish the ghosts were more free spirited than they seem to be. "She lost her husband and her life that year, she probably doesn't want to be a burden." "What do you mean?" I wonder. "From what my grandma tells me, Lucile's husband had just flown the coop a few weeks before the fire happened. My grandma thinks her broken heart caused Lucile to be careless." "Huh! Wow, so her husband took off on her, with another woman?" "That's what it sounds like, but Grandma never said for sure," Rose tells me, shaking her head. As I sit there and think about it, Lucile's last few weeks on this Earth sound awful. No wonder why she didn't want to be a bother. "Well, it's just a thought, but maybe Em can rig something up before that couple gets here." The couple being two hot-shot writer's from California, looking for a real tried and true haunted vacation that only Salem can provide. They promised Rose they would do a piece on the inn if it met their expectations. The only problem with that is I may or may not have helped Rose embellish some of the details of the inn while writing the description. It may sound like we're being misleading, but I was just trying to help a friend's struggling business. And ghosts are the way to do that in Salem. She considers the thought before taking a sip of her drink. "Maybe," she whispers, pulling out her phone with an evil grin on her face. *HW* "You guys are in room two," Rose tells Edward and me. I frown and look off to the side. "'kay," Edward says, grabbing his key and heading into the backroom of the pub. "Why would you put us in the same room?" I whisper to Rose after I'm sure that Edward is out of earshot. "Because Bella, Halloween is a magical time of the year." I shake my head. My friend—and I'm currently using that term loosely, as Rose is teetering on the edge of not being classified as a friend anymore—is convinced there really could be something between Edward and I. But I just don't think I could ever feel that way about him. "No, but really, we need Eric and his wife to think there are other couples staying with us." "But what about Alice and Jasper?" "Yeah, they're staying in one room. But that's all I've got. I couldn't exactly put Emmett and me in another, since I own the place, you know?" I nod. "Okay, but I swear to God, if he pulls any shit, I'm out of here." "You got it, Bella. Thank you for everything," she murmurs, and I reluctantly grab my key and slink off to the kitchen. *HW* Eric and Angela Harris arrive right on schedule. And when I get a look at them, I can definitely tell they are not your typical horror aficionados. Since they look like they just stepped off the beach and are now in New England, in October no less, for the next five days, they've made a grave error. Angela is a stick who has a warm smile and brown hair with bright blonde highlights. Eric looks like he'd be better suited in IT than writing. But hey, to each their own, I guess. "Welcome to The Hawthorne Inn," Rose greets with a big smile. She's always been a great hostess. There's never been any doubt about that. They have a little meet and greet before moving right along. Rose takes them upstairs to show them around. And when Eric comes back down he's carrying some kind of gear and arguing with his wife. "I can't wait to see this thing in action," he says to Angela, while she proceeds to roll her eyes. "Yeah, if there's anything to actually use it on here," she mutters. "I'm sure I'll have plenty to use it on here. You saw the newspaper articles. Over twenty people died in the kitchen fire. That's going to equate for some ghosts wandering the hallways." "And you saw what the reviews said... I doubt there's going to be any ghosts for you to see here," she tells him with a flick of her hair over her shoulder. He shrugs as they walk down the hallway to the living room. *HW* We're all gathered in the pub at our favorite table. It's been a long day. In between my actual job and all the odds and ends Rose has asked of me, I'm worn out. I guess making sure this place looks haunted is rough work, because Emmett looks pretty tuckered out, too. I overheard him and Rose talking about adding to the decorations and rigging up a few surprises throughout the inn. The only problem with that; is they want everyone to find them, so Angela and Eric don't become suspicious of what's going on. So, I'm fairly certain I'll be pissing my pants later. "I'm exhausted," I declare, as I aimlessly twist a fake cobweb around my finger. "Well, just remember drunky, you're upstairs tonight," Rose says sternly. I giggle and nod. I remember just fine where I'm sleeping tonight. "Good luck," Em shouts, as I get up from the table. I shake my head. While I'm buzzing pretty good from some amazing pumpkin head beer, I'm not exactly drunk. Though, I am very relaxed. Which is nice and should make for me passing out quickly. "C'mon Bella," Edward says as he begins to climb the stairs. I raise an eyebrow and wonder why he's in such a rush to get me into the room. It's not as if he has to follow behind me when I go to bed. "Tomorrow is Halloween and they leave the day after. So, we don't have to deal with this much longer," Edward mutters. I nod. It hasn't been so bad, but I guess that's just my opinion on it. Edward's been nothing but a gentleman so far. He stays on his side of the bed and is up long before I am in the morning. We head up to our room and quietly change without bothering each other. And as soon as we're finished we climb to bed. Edward plays on his phone for a few minutes, then rolls as far away from me as he can get. I don't really let it bother me; I mean, nothing is supposed to happen no matter what Rose thinks. And soon enough, I'm closing my eyes, enjoying the quiet comfort of the soft bed. *HW* The next day is much the same, except now it's Halloween and the freaks are really out. Emmett's planted pranks do well to scare the shit out Eric and myself with shrieks coming from both of us, but I can tell they're both not convinced of the spiritual presence among us. "I don't think they're buying it," I tell everyone with a shrug. We're at the pub again, because honestly, it's the only place to be during horror week. If you're not getting wasted, you're going to be annoyed. Salem turns into a carnival of freaks, and I personally can't stand the week all that much