Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters you recognise, but all OC's belong to me. I am not making any profit from this. Timeline: This is the second instalment in a series revolving around Legolas and his family's history, set around II 770. It follows on from my first story, 'To Begin Again', and although there might be some minor references to previous events, you don't need to have read the other to understand this. There are also a few original characters in this story who were introduced in the first of the series, but the same thing goes for not having to read anything else in order to understand this one - unless you want to! Warnings: None whatsoever for this story. I'm slowly but surely getting to the angst ridden stuff. Next story! Notes: Not an awful lot to say here. I'm pretty much on schedule with my writing, and I've worked everything out so that I know what my deadlines are. This is a short story (3 chapters, it's already finished) and I will be posting every Friday until the end of the month, when I go on holiday for a while. I hope that people enjoy reading this as much as I have enjoyed writing it, although I understand it's slightly different. Please give it a chance, though! Thank you to everyone who stuck with me through my last story. It has recently been nominated in the MPA awards in the Best Thranduil category, so fingers crossed I guess. And now on with the second instalment of my series! 1 It was past midnight, and the forest of Greenwood the Great was alive. Under the wide, translucent face of Ithil and his lesser twinkling cousins, beneath thick boughs and luscious leaves of many verdurous hues there resounded the unmistakeable noises which announced an evening of merry making. Songs of joy, songs of sorrow, songs of mirth and many, many more were accompanied by the charming trills of a flute, the mournful thrum of a harp, the percussive rhythm of drums and bells; beautiful laughter burst forth from many lips as wine flowed and lovers danced and friends frolicked, joining with pleasant effortlessness into the ensemble as though it belonged there. High above, a giant predator of the forest, an eagle or a large owl, swept past the moon, its great wingspan casting a momentary shadow before it fell away to continue its hunt. The grand avian flight was noticed by few, and only one let his eyes follow the bird's journey over the trees and out of Elven sight. Even after it was long gone, he stared outwards from the marble balcony, gazing in silence at the night which hung so heavily for miles around. Aside from the frivolity, all was silent. There stirred a soft breeze at intervals, hushed and barely perceptible; as it tugged at long tendrils of nightshade hair or the open robe worn loosely over dark leggings, like an insistent child, it found itself unwelcome. The Elf remained impassively heedless of the caressing touches upon him, uncaring of all around until, gentle upon the cool floor of the balcony came the silken tread of slippers which heralded a lady's approach. The flowery scent of rosewater drifted from her flawless skin, and as she wrapped her arms around the immortal's strong chest, she felt him draw it in with a soft sigh. Whether the noise was one of pleasure or otherwise, she could not guess, and pressed a kiss upon her husband's neck. " I miss you," she breathed against him. "Long hours have passed since you left our bed." " Sleep will not arrive," was the murmured response. "So I must occupy my mind." " You came out here to think?" " Nay. I came out here to wait." PREVIOUSLY Sunlight filtered through the chinks of curtain shielding the window and birds greeted the brightness of morning with high pitched twitters of nonsensical sweetness, but Oropher did not rise from the comfort of his bed. He had heard the wooden door creak open and was well aware of the bare feet padding across the floor, yet he kept his eyes unfocused. An extra weight, barely felt upon the feather-down mattress, crawled up the bed towards the pillows, too far away from silent to be called inaudible. Still he lay in apparent slumber, putting all of his willpower into practice as strands of silken hair tickled his cheek. "Ada," the newcomer whispered. "Ada, are you truly sleeping or just pretending? It is late. Nana wants you in the kitchen for breakfast. Ada? Ada!" Oropher felt the huff of frustration as a sharp breath upon his skin, and knew in an instant what was coming next. Before his impatient son could blow in his ear, he launched himself upwards, grabbing the back of the boy's shirt and pulling the small body close. Laughter came out muffled against his chest, and he shifted slightly to pull the blankets over himself and his captive. "Got you," he murmured. "You are trapped now." "Good morning, Ada," Thranduil giggled. "Did you hear what I said? Nana is waiting to serve breakfast." "I heard that, and she will not mind waiting two minutes more." Oropher smiled as his son cuddled happily against him, and his arm around the slender waist tightened lovingly. "Or do you think that a little time with my favourite Elfling is asking too much?" "Your only Elfling," the subject of his endearment corrected. "No, I don't. But Ada, you must get up soon. Do you remember yesterday? What you said? You promised to make a tree swing for me, Veassen and Linwë." "Firstly, it is Veassen, Linwë and I," Oropher said, gently poking his child's side. "And secondly, I recall no such vow." Thranduil sat up swiftly, turning to anxiously search the impassive face of the dark haired immortal with wide eyes. "You must. We found the wood and the rope and the tree we want to use, and you said, in front of Nana as a witness, that you would make the swing. You cannot break a promise, Ada. Even if you have forgotten it." "Worry not. My memory serves me well enough, and you shall have your swing this afternoon," Oropher swore. "This afternoon?" "Oh, I know. Many hours away." Flicking a loose strand of gold from his son's eyes, the Elf pushed back the blankets and rose gracefully, stretching like a lithe cat as he made his way into the adjoining washroom. "Besides, you know that I have unavoidable business this morning. I have been summoned for an audience with the Circle." Left alone, Thranduil folded his legs beneath him with a shake of his head. "The Circle," he repeated in a mutter. "Why, Ada? I don't understand what the Circle is, what it does. What do they have to see you about that is so very important?" "I suppose we shall discover soon enough," Oropher called from the next room. "And you do know what they are. Greenwood has no ruling family, so the Circle of Elders maintain it, ensuring there is enough housing, food and water supplies, materials, jobs and everything else that a community, however large or small, requires in order to function sufficiently. How many times must I explain this before you cease your questions?" "Do you think they will make you the ruler?" Thranduil returned, absently examining the contents of a transparent bottle upon his mother's table. A spray of rosewater perfume landed on his wrist, and he rubbed at it in disgust. "Do you, Ada? That would be funny." "Amusing indeed, and another adventure," Oropher remarked over the splashing of water. "Our last was quite enough. No more adventures. I am content with this peaceful life." Nodding in silent agreement, the Elfling walked around the bed to stand before a four paned window that looked out onto the great green trees and the modest constructions of wood, similar in style to his own which formed a small community of immortals. Most were the companions he had travelled with from Lindon, but some Silvan Elves dwelt close by too. He liked them and their quaint forest ways, so different to anything else that he had experienced in his short life. Although he and his family had been in Greenwood for just three months, he knew without a doubt in his mind that returning to a built up city and making a home in a town house could never be his path. "Yes, it was enough," he murmured. "But worth it too. I am happy here." "What was that?" Turning to see his father leave the washroom lacing the last ties of his tunic, Thranduil's blond head shook gently. "Nothing. I just said that... Your boots are by the window. Shall I brush your hair?" "If you wish," Oropher allowed with a smile. Sitting on the edge of the bed to pull on the knee length shoes of deerskin, he took a moment to enjoy feather-soft fingers smoothing out the sheets of his ebony coloured tresses. "No complicated braids today, please. Yours always become knots and tangles." "I try," the Elfling protested. "Of course you do, starling. I would never think otherwise," the older immortal soothed tenderly. "Now, tell me of your plans for this morning. I suppose you will be partaking in the difficult act of playing with your friends, no?" "No. I promised Nana I would pick her some berries so that she can make a cake, but Linwë and Veassen are helping so we probably will find a game to play as we work." Laying the hairbrush upon the mattress, Thranduil slid off the bed and stood before Oropher, holding the other's green eyes in a serious gaze. "I have finished, so now I must tell you something very important... I am going to beat you to the kitchen!" Just a matter of seconds later, it was with a mildly disapproving smile that a golden haired Elf-woman watched through cornflower blue eyes the loud entrance of her small family, the youngest member tucked neatly under his father's arm, wriggling to no avail. Her husband deposited the laughing bundle into a chair at the dining table, before approaching her from behind and enveloping her in a warm embrace. She turned in his arms to greet him with a kiss made all the sweeter by her smile, and the pleasant aromas of her perfume left a subtle mark upon him. Unlike his son's reaction to the feminine scent, Oropher inhaled, savouring the feel of rosewater toying with his senses. "I thought you would never leave our bed," Felith whispered. "Tea? I have mint or strawberry." "Hmm, neither. I wish to be on time for this meeting with the Circle of Elders, and tea, however delightful it sounds, will delay me," Oropher sighed, pulling away from his beloved to pick at the warm bread on the table behind her. "I do not expect to be gone for a long while. More than likely they wish only to ensure we and our friends are still content here." "If I can cook my own food, I am more than content," the lady smiled. "Now, kindly cease that. If you are going to break your fast, do so at the table. I will not have crumbs on my clean floor. Go on. Table." At the quiet laugh from the other side of the modestly sized room, Oropher glanced over his shoulder. "What amuses you, penneth?" "Nana told you off," Thranduil informed his father. The dark haired Elf grinned, and kissed his wife's cheek before heading towards the table and the one who had found humour in Felith's admonition. "She did indeed, my little star," he concurred. "Enjoy yourself this morning. I shall be back in time for luncheon, and then we will get to work on your swing. Be good." "As always, Ada," the child sighed. "Love you." "Love you