Disclaimer: I don't own any characters that you recognise, of course, nor am I making anyprofit from this story. It is all for entertainment purposes – and I hope it does entertain you! Timeline: This is set c. II 750, give or take a few decades! Because Tolkien gave us so few dates to work on with Legolas and his family, I have studied events they were involved with and come to the conclusion that Thranduil could have been born either in the First Age or the first thousand years of the Second. In my stories, his birth was around seven hundred years or so into the Second Age Warnings: Surprisingly for me, there are none for this story! A few tears here and there, but nothing that requires you to be forewarned. Notes: This is something different from what I normally do. I'm fed up with giving Legolas a new family structure for every story, so I've started work on a series in which his mother/siblings/etc will always stay the same. This is the first story, and I've planned many others which will take us up to the WOTR. I hope you enjoy! ……………………………………………………………………………………………… The cries of a woman were just audible from behind a set of heavy wooden doors which hid dramatic scenes from inside the birthing room of the healing wing in the fair city of Lindon. Elves forced to pass it on their travels did their utmost best to ignore the sounds of agony – unsurprisingly, males more so than females – by burying their faces into books which remained unread, or raising their voices to converse with companions who did not listen to the words spoken to them. Most of all, the passers-by kept their eyes averted. From the doors, and from the unfortunate family of the woman, who waited outside that infamous room. Tonight, Lady Felith was the pained soul in question. Nobility herself since birth, she had married Lord Oropher, the eldest son of a once influential and well known house, some centuries after the Fall of Doriath at the end of the First Age. He had witnessed that devastating rape on the beautiful, once hidden, city. With his parents and grandparents slain, he had left for Lindon with his brother and then infant nephew, and a small number of survivors. Felith had been one of them, injured, afraid and alone. With experiences to share and pains too similar for them not to become inseparable, the pair had soon captured each other's hearts. Love had been inevitable, though marriage was held at bay by long years of friendship, courting and only then, true love. Now another five centuries on, their first child was being brought into the world. It was terrifying. Oropher took a seat beside his nephew, but he was on his feet again in an instant as a piercing scream assaulted his sensitive ears. "Vehiron!" He spun to catch his brother's arm, barely noticing when the younger Elf patiently removed his fingers. "Vehiron, why is so much time passing by? Hours have gone, and I have yet to hear a child's cries. What is happening?" "I am hungry." Those petulant words had come from the only youth present, Saeldur. Dark of hair and with sharp green eyes a shade lighter than his uncle and father's, the young Elf had been sitting in the corner in sulky silence since being snapped at a while back to stop lamenting over the book he had not brought with him. Apparently he could have finished it in the time they had been waiting. "It feels as though we have been here for days. I need food. I want food." "Will you cease?" Vehiron asked quietly, though it was clear he had made no request. "If you have nothing civil to say, hold your tongue. You will not spoil what should be a happy occasion." "Sorry," Saeldur muttered. Oropher's eyes did not miss the face his nephew made as his brother turned away, but he dismissed it immediately. There were far more pressing matters at hand than an insolent boy. "Muindor-nín, please do not torture me by leaving my questions unanswered. What is happening to my wife and child? I must know." "Of course," Vehiron empathised. "I have lived through it myself once already – and once was quite enough – so I do understand the many emotions you are feeling. Your fear is not a strange thing. On the contrary, it is natural. To not suffer it would be strange." "So I have heard time and time again, though the words do little to assure me." Oropher raked both hands through his dark hair, a panicked gesture rarely seen in one so stoic, and gave the closed doors a baleful glance. "Why can I not see her? Felith needs me. She must be so afraid, surrounded by strange Elves and… Valar, I need to see her ." The younger of the two smiled, though it was faint as though the past held him tightly in an iron grip. "Do you recall Saeldur's birth? I tried to creep inside to see Telirias, and Mother gave me such a slap. She never struck me so hard even when we were Elflings. No, brother. Let the women tend to Felith. It is far safer – for you as well as her." "Aye. Maybe you speak the truth," Oropher murmured. He considered this in silence for a moment; when he spoke again, his voice had lost some of its previous worry. "Listen to you. My little brother, giving me advice. Never did I think this day would come." "No, but I was the first by many years to marry and father a child," Vehiron smiled. "You were too slow, my friend." The older Elf returned the grin, the light banter drawing his attention and holding it away from Felith's cries in the room beyond. "Why rush when we live forever? My wife and I were quite happy to move slowly, thank you very much. We have not regretted it once." "Would that I was able to speak the same words without lying," Vehiron said quietly. The light in his green eyes had dulled and intensified at the same time, as tumultuous emotions from a tragedy long past awoke in him. "Telirias and I… We did rush. We only had each other for a few short years before… I do regret that." His wife and the mother of his only child had perished at the cruel hands of Orcs. He himself had come close to succumbing to his infinite grief, nearly letting it drag him into a dark and inescapable abyss. Were it not for his infant son, he surely would have lost his very life to sorrow. As the unspoken words and so much more hung in the air, Oropher touched a hand to his brother's shoulder. He did not need to say anything. He just waited for the younger Elf to swim through the mire of misery, and come back to the surface. "Uncle?" The addressed immortal felt a flash of irritation as his nephew's sulky voice broke the silence. He raised both eyes to find the boy standing expectantly at his side, and he bit off a "What is it?" with no smile to remove the edge. "When your son or daughter arrives, will all of your time be taken up with it?" Saeldur asked quietly. "Will you spend all day and all night caring for it?" "I do not doubt that when he or she is here, I will have much of my time taken away, yes," Oropher replied pointedly. He paused at the hurt which danced across the younger Elf's face, and some of the coldness left his own. "Do you fear our relationship will change, penneth? Do not think so. You are still my favourite nephew." Though both his uncle and father smiled, Saeldur's green eyes narrowed to slits. "I am your only nephew, and since you will not be receiving another one, you would do well not to forget me." "Child!" Vehiron's hand shot out faster than an arrow, and he gripped his son's upper arm, rendering escape an unthinkable option. "You and I will be having serious words when we get home if you do not change your attitude now. Oropher, forgive him. He is at an awkward age. Nevertheless, he should not be so disrespectful." "No matter," Oropher murmured. He spoke slowly, as though in a dream state, and his eyes were fixed unwaveringly upon the closed doors. "Do you hear that? Silence. There is nothing to hear, just… Oh!" As Felith's agonising cries were replaced by quiescence surely too deathly to be a good omen , Vehiron tensed. As that hollow emptiness was taken over by a babe's wails, a smile spread across his fair face. And as his brother wrenched open the doors and burst through them into the next room before a healer could even look out to admit them, a delightful laugh flowed from his lips. The child has come! He himself felt as much excitement as an Elfling at a Yule festival. "Wonderful. Now we can return home." The words cut into him like individual daggers, and the Elf's eyes were just as sharp as he pulled his son close to hiss against a pointed ear, "Don't you dare, Saeldur. Don't you dare. My brother and his wife have been awaiting this moment for too long, and you will not ruin it with your childish remarks. Do not forget that you are still young enough to be pulled over my knee." At that threat, the young adolescent's green irises darkened in fear, and he tried to take a step backwards. Tried . "You would not?" "You know I would, so do not challenge me," Vehiron snapped. "Now, get in that room. If there are no kind words from you, you will feel my wrath. Is that understood?" "Yes, sir." Saeldur lowered his gaze to the floor, and raised a hand to rub ruefully at his shoulder, where his father's strong grip had surely left an imprint. He did not have to do that, or threaten me. I am no Elfling. "I am sorry, sir." The older Elf's eyes narrowed, and they remained so as they watched his son enter the birthing room. Though he had not been told so outright, he had a fair idea as to the justification – if it could be called that – behind Saeldur's recent behaviour. Since coming to Lindon as a babe himself, he had been the only child in a close family of adults. Now he would have to share that with the new arrival. It was, perhaps, a selfish and immature reason, but it was a reason nonetheless, Vehiron acknowledged grudgingly. ' I will speak with him,' he thought, reluctance touching his silent vow. 'He needs reassurance.' As he followed his only child's path into the room so often avoided by males, everything fled his mind like a rabbit chased by hounds. Felith was sat in the bed, propped up by pillows behind her back. Though perspiration drenched her slender frame, she was hale. In her arms lay the babe, silent now and wrapped in a soft cloth. Oropher knelt at the bedside, and as he raised his eyes to look at his brother, the younger sibling swore that he had caught a flash of delighted tears in the green pools. A fond smile touched his lips at the uncharacteristic emotions. "Well?" he pressed gently. "Do not keep me waiting. What is it?" "A little boy," Felith whispered. Loose strands of honey coloured hair hung in front of vivid blue eyes, forget-me-nots on a summer's day, and she raised an elegant hand to push them from her vision. It was a fast movement – she replaced her hand under the child's head as though afraid he would fall. "A boy," Vehiron repeated softly, letting the word run off