A/N: Hey everybody! I know I haven't updated any of my stories lately, but I'm extremely blocked when it comes to all of them at the moment so I'm hoping this little oneshot that's been sitting on my brain for a year or two will help me sort things out. In my opinion, Bella should never have chosen Edward in the first place, so in this story she's entirely dreading the wedding because in truth she doesn't want to marry him. This is strongly team Jacob, so any Edward lovers may want to back away now! Enjoy! Disclaimer: I unfortunately do not own Jacob Black, Taylor Lautner or anything else affiliated with the Twilight Saga. All rights go to the talented creator Stephanie Meyer. Bella POV: "Ugh, Bella hold still! You'll ruin my masterpiece!" Alice whined as the eyeliner she was applying to my eye smeared when the need to shift in my chair became unbearable. Today was one of the many days I'd been having recently where I couldn't stand Alice. Over one thousand times I had told her that I just wanted to keep this one occasion simple. No over-the-top fancy décor or cake, no designer dress; and most definitely not endless hours of playing "Barbie Bella" in her room. Hell, if I had it my way there would be no wedding at all. I hadn't been able to shake this feeling since I left Jacob's house two months ago, since I broke down for an entire night, crying over Jacob Black whilst in the arms of Edward Cullen. I had said the next morning as Edward held me close that another part of me, a smaller part, craved another set of warmer arms. I had said that part of me wasn't enough to change my mind. I was wrong. Ever since then, all I was able to think about was Jacob: the way it made me feel when he smiled my smile, the way his perfectly whitened teeth shown against his russet skin when he smiled, the way he was able to make anyone smile no matter what they were feeling. There was a time when in the darkest of times for me, I'd called Jacob Black my personal sun. He had once told me that I held onto Edward the way an addict would hold onto his fix. He had told me that he would be the healthier choice, easy as breathing; that it would be effortless, just like our friendship. In yet another one of my many moments of stupidity, I'd denied the truth in his words. When I'd finally made the decision to believe him, I'd called Edward to come over straight away. And as much as I'd hoped he'd understand like always, he didn't. Flashback: I turned around abruptly as I felt a gust of wind come through the window. There he stood as the angelic bronze-haired angel I'd always known him to be. But in light of my recent revelation, he seemed different somehow. Like he'd lost some of the pure quality I'd always associated there. His beauty didn't seem earthbound and natural anymore, and his sweet smell didn't send my heart into spasms. He just seemed unreal, like a character out of some naïve fairytale. Not equal to me, not anymore. " What is it, love?" he'd asked, concern lacing his smooth voice as a slight crease appeared between his eyebrows. "You sounded quite worried on the phone, so I came as fast as I could." Still, his concern for me made my heart ache as I remembered I could no longer return the love he felt. "You should probably sit down," I'd murmured knowing he could hear me. "You're not going to like this, I'm sure. I just hope you understand." " What do you mean?" he'd demanded, stepping closer to me with his arms outstretched. "Love, what's going o-" " Don't," I said as I backed away from him. "Just don't. Please sit down. We need to talk." There was a hint of pain in his eyes as I stepped away, but he only nodded and sat down in the rocking chair by my desk staring at me expectantly. " Edward," I began uneasily. "Look, I know I said that you were the one I wanted to spend my forever with, and I know that I agreed to marriage in exchange for being turned but…" " But you've decided to wait?" he cut in excitedly. "You've decided after the wedding we'll attend Dartmouth like we planned and we can hold off your change for a while?" " What? No Edward, no," I shook my head. "What I'm saying is… I don't think I can do it." I waited then as his expression changed from confused, to hurt, to angry all in the fraction of a second. "I see," he said slowly, his voice taking on a more menacing tone that I knew only from when he spoke of an enemy; never to me. "And would this… new revelation of yours be influenced by one Jacob Black?" Edward's eyes were now a terrifying black, smoldering pit of angry fire. For the first time in my life, I saw a hint of the monster he truly was; and I knew that this decision was the right one. I never wanted to become what he was. Trying to regain my bearings I took a step back from him and breathed deeply, keeping my voice light and neutral, void of the fear I was truly feeling. "Yes, it does," I said strongly. "I'm sorry, I never intended to have things turn out this way, but I can't push away my feelings for Jacob any longer. If I go through with marrying you, it will not only be unfair to both you and Jake, but to me as well, because I'll have to live an eternity regretting my decision to break Jacob's heart; and that's unfair." I expected that to thaw the anger, but it was becoming increasingly clear that I did not in fact know Edward Anthony Masen Cullen the way I thought I did. He simply chuckled darkly and shook his head, coming closer to me and pinching the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger. " Bella, Bella, Bella," he said slowly. "You know I'm unable to let you go that easily; for I love you too much. So I will give you two choices: the first being that you marry me, despite your feelings, and you do not speak another word of Jacob Black to me ever again. Or you can go, be with him, and I will have my entire family cross the borderline, just so that I can take him and his pack of filthy mutts out, and you will marry me anyway. I'd much prefer option one, but option two sounds much more appealing. You do not need to call me when you've made your decision. I'll know if your future goes dark." And then he was gone. End Flashback. I'd cried my eyes out that day, knowing that whatever choice I made, would end in my misery. Even though I was positive Jacob could take down Edward, I knew that Edward, combined with the rest of the Cullen clan, was a force to be reckoned with. The pack had witnessed their fighting skills first hand, but that still wouldn't give them a leg up. So I swallowed my grief and went to the Cullen house for a dress fitting the next day, greeted by my all too pleased looking fiancé. When he pulled me into his arms I had to fight the urge to cringe. "I'm glad you've made the right choice, my Bella," he breathed in my ear. "At least this way, we won't have to leave Forks as soon as possible." I'd said nothing to him that day, and I only spoke to him when he directly spoke to me now. He seemed to be relishing in the fact that I was unhappy and yearning for my best friend. And now I was sitting in this chair, being made over into a person I wasn't meant to be, being forced to live a life I didn't want to live, and I was miserable. I wanted Jacob to burst through the door and take me away from here, crush me in one of his infamous bear hugs and tell me everything would be alright because I was with him now. I was silly to think such a thing could even be possible. He hadn't called me once since I left his house that day; and why would he, after Edward (being the monster that he is) sent Jacob a wedding invitation? That was like adding salt to a wound and once I found out, Edward and I launched into one of our legendary screaming matches that had been occurring more and more often these past few weeks. This one had resulted in me going to hide in the woods for half an hour, until he sent his psychic sister to come and collect me. Fidgeting involuntarily at the pang of sadness in my chest, I took a deep breath and heard Alice sigh wistfully behind me. "I'm sorry," she apologized. "I forget sometimes that you're still human and can't sit still for as long as one of us. I'll leave and give you a break. Besides, I think Rosalie wants to talk to you. I'd tell you what about but I don't know. She keeps changing her mind." Alice reached around and gave me a squeeze before murmuring, "Thank you for making the right choice. I'm sure you'll be much happier once you've re-warmed-up to the idea of being one of us," and she danced out of the room. Sure enough, Rosalie entered the room not a moment later, looking slightly apprehensive. "Hi," she said softly, giving me one of her very rare smiles. "Do you mind if we have a talk?" "I guess not," I sighed. "Although I'm not sure what there is to talk about. I took your advice and wanted to stay human, but as you can see he didn't let it pan out as you thought." "I know," she said somberly. "And that's why I'm here. I wanted a chance to speak with you when all the boys were gone and Esme and Alice were well out of hearing distance." "There's nothing to say," I snapped, my voice cracking. "I'm being forced into this life against my will, like you were. But at least you have Emmett. I hate Edward, Rosalie! I don't want to spend forever with him anymore." Rosalie patted my back in a soothing manner. "I understand, Bella. If there was a way I could get you out of this without Alice and Edward knowing, I would." Then something seemed to dawn on her. "Wait a minute!" she exclaimed. "Call Seth Clearwater! See if Jacob's with him!" I shook my head sadly. "He won't want to talk to me after what I've done to Jacob. And besides, if I call Alice will see." "No," Rosalie shook her head. "This is a snap decision, so act fast, dial the number, and she won't see." In a split second Rosalie had the phone in her hand and pressed it to my ear. "There," she said, pride in her voice. "You wouldn't do it so I did it for you." I sighed and gave her a soft smile, listening to the phone ring once, twice, and then, "Hello?" came Seth's happy-go-lucky voice on the other end of the line. He reminded me so much of a younger Jacob in that moment it made me want to smile and cry all at the same time. "Hey Seth, its Bella," I could hear my voice shaking. "Oh, hey Bella!" he said cheerfully. "I can't wait to see you today! Me and mom are coming, thanks so much for inviting us by