There could be high-stake bets placed on this: how long will Harry Potter and Severus Snape last alone together in a small room? The office is spot lit by a single lamp above our heads. Our chairs face each other. A pen spins in each of our hands. Potter leans back and stares at the parchment, crossing his arms as if he is personally offended by its presence. Hard work always did repulse him. "You could stand up, say junky winky wonky whump and succeed, such is the weight of your undeserved name," I say. Undeserved ? A lie. He's no longer the lolling toddler who survived by chance. He is a highly qualified adult, who has destroyed any flicker of uprising from the remaining tangles of the Dark Lord's web with mighty easy. He was once, not too long ago, a horribly willing teenager who was asked to die and said 'okay'. But my own reputation is undeserved. It took years drenched in firewhiskey to realise that I have punished myself enough, which is why I have finally let him help. His name – his deserved name – is what will save me from the ever-increasing storm of letters, all with the same message (wouldn't one note between them be more succinct?): you deserved to die from Nagini's bite . The letters that I have now culminated in a trial. "I think you overestimate the weight of my name, Professor Snape, and underestimate their prejudice." My fist tenses at the patronisation, his calling me Professor Snape when he had long refused to. Where had this flippancy come from? Where was the burning, righteous rage? Now, he stares at me as if I am the student, unworthy of emotion weightier than pity. " Really ," I say, not bothering to keep the ice from my voice. "I'm not in much danger of doing the latter. I used to think I was a pessimist. Then came the Dark Lord, and I realised I was a realist." Potter leans forward like he actually cares. "Then you understand." "Are you incapable of speaking plainly?" Potter smiles at me like a doctor would to a patient, a winner to a loser. "It won't be easy. My name is undeservedly-" there is that word again, but I cannot not bring myself to disagree – "admired, but their hatred for..." Potter pauses here and flushes. I feel more comfortable: this is the embarrassed, unsure boy I used to enjoy taunting. "Spit it out, Potter." "The hatred they feel for you," finishes Potter, still with a touch of unease, "will not make it easy." I lean back. No, it will not. But Potter's support will make it less impossible. I imagine the might of the Ministry, their hands clawing at me and dragging me into a cell with the likes of Lucius Malfoy, as if he and I were no different. "But life goes on," says Potter. "If our first plan fails, I will find another and then another. Life goes on, Professor." "When did you start channelling Albus Dumbledore?" I bite back. He has the tenacity to grin. "Sir," a slip of black enters, an anonymous messenger, a non-entity, an opening and closing of the door. For a moment I think he is addressing me, but of course I am not the sir here. The ministry worker glances at me and then at Harry. "You might want to leave the room to hear this…" "Anything you have to say," he says, "Severus can hear too…." Severus . That hurts. But I can do nothing: power shifts, almost always unfairly. "Sir, really-" the shadow says, but Harry Potter gave him his harshest gaze. A pathetic thing, but it makes the man's legs quiver. The man nods, then whispers in his ear so all I have to go on is the changing face in front of me, like some awful pantomime. A plethora of colours to rival any great painting: red then a resigned, stripped white and then a soft pink. There is some more whispering, then the sharpening of words and Potter's face too. The man slips back into the black corridors of this Ministerial labyrinth. That was a minute ago. Now, Potter is still staring. "Merlin, slow down Potter. I can barely keep up." It is the fortnight before my trial and even more exquisitely jarring because of it. I stand to leave, not wanting to witness anymore of Potter's reaction to the news he's received. It doesn't seem like a birth of a child or a bout of luck. Rather, something that punches the air out of you. "I…" says Potter. I give him space, seconds to complete the rest of his sentence but nothing follows. "A complete sentence includes a noun and a verb too". My hand tenses round the door handle, but it doesn't turn. He has power over me: the rest of my life, no less. Potter's head jerks up as if he's been awoken and he turns to the desk. "Let's continue then, shall we?" I stand by the door, move towards it and then away again. Frown and frown and frown and still it makes no sense. Then face him, the silhouetted back of a single man at a desk for two. Severus Snape – Innocent is the title of one of the parchments in front of him. Unnaturally brighter than the rest, the beam of sun choosing it, as if Dumbledore has control even from the afterlife. "You forgot how to speak for the last minute and you want to just... carry on?" "No, no," says Potter. "It was nothing to do with me." His eyes are on the parchment. I slowly walk around the desk, take a seat opposite him, frown again. His eyes are still on the parchment. Was he really eleven years old once? The beginnings of a beard, grey-flecked stubble around his ears (but the hair on his head still sticks up like a child's). "I must enquire as to why the man talked to you then?" Potter shakes his head. I don't know whether it's to stop me talking or something else. I am left waiting for him to actually communicate something. "The human race has discovered language, you know," I say. I stand up again, but he talks before I can turn the door handle, always pulling me back the last second before freedom. "I know you don't really care but given I'm helping you with…" he gestures loosely at the desk. Given he's helping me with my life…"Could you help with this?" Should I leave or go? And, after this trial, will I have freedom or none? I doubt it he would be so cruel, so cunning, as to let one affect the other, but this is a man in a shifting situation, so debilitating that he can no longer speak, and this is a man with power over me. Who knows what Potter could do in a moment of madness? Potter is not asking much. He is asking if I have basic decency or whether I am, after all, a moral wasteland. I am tempted to say "No I will not help you. Yes I'm a moral wasteland," and shut the door behind me with the bang of disappointment. Instead, I do nothing. Potter scrapes around in his chair, pushing it back into the desk like its forgotten and walking over to the door towards me, surely closer to my face than socially polite. "It can't be her." And I see that no, it can't be her whoever her is. It can't – not because I don't think it is, but because Potter is disintegrating in front of me. He puts a shaking hand to his neck. "It can't be who?" I ask. Potter isn't listening: he is staring at the floor, arm still on his neck, expression stretched with wandering eyes. His body is controlling him. Where is his mind? "It's a bit embarrassing, really," he says, nodding, and I can't think of anyone he's agreeing with apart from himself. "Administrative mix-up. It can't be her. There was a muggle car crash... A coma. Just...terrible and made even worse with the mix-up. So much worse for the family. It can't be her. I mean...I hope she doesn't have children. I... can't imagine if I had children. What that would feel like-" I feel like if I say nothing, Potter will just continue talking and unravel like a ball of wool in the claws of a cat. How long would it take for him to lose shape completely? I want to throttle him. Pin him down in his idiocy. Force some other, more coherent brain into him. "You are rambling... Who ?" Does he not realise the importance? "I feel so bad for the husband... The real husband. I can't even imagine what he's doing through. It can't be her-" "Go!" I say, twisting my hand to indicate a spin. "Find the Gryffindor." "I haven't even told you who it is-" "I'm talking to Harry Potter and I can use statistics. I'm guessing their house. Now, go!" "Er…" "Where is she?" I say when it's clear he's going to do nothing, so forcefully that my teeth ache. Potter shakes his head, gaze sliding to the side as if his thought has fainted. "A muggle hospital," he says. "But it's not her ." "Potter. Who ?" I ask, bending my knees slightly so his gaze is caught on mine. Squirming, but trapped. He looks at me, through his eyelids, green eyes dim behind his glasses, is enough. It's Ginny Weasley, that freckly, fiery, idiotic girl. "No one. Um – Let's just get going on this, your case, what we're here for," he says, as stubborn and stupid as a Hippogriff. "We're running of time. Let's just let them sort out the…administrative mix-up-" "The name of the hospital, Potter," I say. Potter's tongue moves like a flobberworm. "Merlin - you've lost your mind not your memory!" "Er, J…" he says. "John Radhill?" "John Radcliffe - Oxford!" He nods, eyes on the floor, empty. I think about my emptiness, which still doesn't go. I want the boy back who defied me and anything else fate threw at him. "It will be so embarrassing when I walk into someone else's hospital room," he says I take his arm more tightly than I need to and spin. We land as close to the John Radcliffe as I can get from my hazy memory - a booming night of headaches, music, and giggling at muggle pubs, before hospital doors, shaking heads alone. Potter trips, disorientated beside me. The centre of Oxford is sickeningly similar to Hogwarts (can I not get away?). I raise my hand for the nearest taxi, chuck Potter in, consider making a run for it and leave Potter to whizz away into the distance alone, but find the door closing behind me. "John Radcliffe!" I say, sitting opposite Potter who is staring out the window, exhibiting the first signs of nervousness: a tapping finger, eyes that reflect more than usual (wet). After a criminally long time, the taxi slows next to a grey building that looks more like it harbours death than care. I lean forward to confound the driver, but Potter shakes his head. "Money," he mouths. "Or we could just use magic-" But he has started rooting in his pockets, fingers fumbling over a chocolate frog wrapper (valuable to no one), a photo of Mrs Potter that is frayed as if a portion of it has been ripped away (valuable to him, probably, but I cannot imagine a taxi driver accepting it as payment) and then two crisp fifty pound notes (finally). He hands one to the taxi driver, then makes his way out, apparently forgetting the concept of 'change'. I raise an eyebrow, following him. Oh well, his money. "Mr. Weasley makes us carry it for emergencies," he says. "I tried