I don't own anything. The story belong to to the Rick Riordan who had the fantastic idea and the author. Son of Rivers By Pixel-Up Rank 10 - Words Small: (33,000) Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson or any of Rick Riordan's books. I really don't want to say this every chapter:D Percy's POV I walked up the hill adjusting the my backpack. I patted Peleus and asked him,"Can you watch this for me Peleus? It has something very precious to me." He only snorted smoke at me. I took that as a yes and tucked my backpack between his forelegs. Then I continued walking down the hill. Its been four months since I had been able to see my home. Camp Half-Blood looked beautiful in the setting sun. Soon, the moon would come out and shine brightly over the Artemis cabin. I decided to take a walk by the beach and clear my head to prepare myself. It's been one year since the 2nd Giant war and we finally had peace. No more prophecys hanging over head and because of my first wish in the Titan war, there were at least a hundred new cabins for each minor god and goddess. The stars started to come out and I lay back on soft sand to watch them. They provoked bittersweet memories of the friends I've made and all the friends I've lost. But the saddest memory is always triggered by one constellation... The Huntress. She was once a hunter of Artemis and she was also once my friend. She died in my third quest, she was one of the first friends of mine that died and she was certainly not the last. I wish I could have stopped her death, all of their deaths. But I can't, which hurts me even more because of my fatal flaw. I would destroy the world to save a friend but when the Fates cut the string and I have no power to stop it at all, it hurts me more. "Hey Percy, I can't believe your back already!" Shouted a very familiar voice. I snapped out of my thoughts and twisted my head around to see two familiar faces. I smiled at them "Nico, Thalia, I missed you guys." Nico stood in his classic goth outfit with black jeans and a black leather jacket with several chains that looked like they could also be used as weapons. Thalia looked the same as always with a green day shirt and her hunter parka, she was also wearing her tiara that states that she is the Lieutenant of the Hunt. I ran up and hugged them both. "When did you get back? Thalia asked. "About 2 minutes ago Pinecone Face" I teased. Only response I got was a punch to the shoulder. "Ow! What was that for?" I asked, rubbing my arm. " Just cuz your a Kelp Head," she replied. "So what are you doing down here? Shouldn't you be on your knee and proposing to Annabeth?" Thalia scolded me smiling. "Shut up! I don't want anybody to hear," I hissed looking around nervously. "Sorry," she replied. She did not look very sorry. "Can we see the ring now, please?" asked Nico, jumping up and down. We just stared at him. "Hey Deathbreath, I thought you grew up already?" teased Thalia. Nico's cheeks flushed. "Sorry," he mumbled looking down. Thalia looked at me and we both cracked up laughing. "But seriously, can we see it now," Thalia asked. my hand slipped into my pocket and stroked the soft velvet. I considered taking it out and showing them but decided against it. "Sorry guys, but it's a surprise," I wink at them. "Fine, but you better do it at the campfire," whined Nico. "I was planning to Zombie Dude." I replied. We started walking to the camp talking to each other like it was any other day. This was how life should be, peaceful and calm with no prophecy hanging over my head. "So how's immortality treating you?" asked Thalia. I snapped out of my thoughts. "Pretty good, but you know that it's the same immortality that the hunters have," I said. When we had defeated Gaea and the Giants, the Gods wanted to turn the Seven into Gods. We decided to change that gift into partial immortality and to give Hestia and Hades their throne back. The two Gods and Goddesses were very thankful and Hades gave permission for any of the Seven to enter his domain. That made Nico really happy cause now be would get more company. It was nearing about 8:00 and I could hear the cheers from the campfire. Wait, cheers? Singing yes, but cheering no. "Do you think someone's been claimed?" I asked Thalia. She just shrugged in response. We jogged up to the campfire and I saw my father. I was about to go hug him when he said, "Hail, Orion true son of the Sea God, leader of Camp Half-Blood." The crowd continued cheering. "Wait, I have a brother? Since when? And how is he the leader of camp?" I quietly asked Nico. "I have no idea, I haven't been here since you left," he replied. I looked at Thalia questionably. She shrugged as well. I started to walk through the crowd and what I saw made my blood run cold. Sitting on a bench in front of the campfire was a boy that had to be at least 18 years old, the same as I was and he had to be a son of Poseidon. He had the sea green eyes of a son of the sea but they were darker than mine. His hair was a shade lighter and shorter than mine. He wore a cocky smirk but I thought maybe I could bond with him anyways. How wrong I was. Sitting next to him, under his arm, was Annabeth. My Annabeth. I thought maybe they were just friends but that hope was crushed when he leaned in and kissed her. And she kissed him back. I stumbled back and Nico caught me. "Man, I'm so sorry," said Nico, pity showing in his eyes. I regained my balance but the situation got worse, almost knocking me over again. My brother Orion stood up suddenly and turned to face Annabeth. My Annabeth. He kneeled slipping a small black box out of his pocket. In my mind, I was screaming. NO NO NO. Tears started pouring down my face. "Annabeth Chase, will you marry me?" The crowd grew silent in anticipation. She covered her mouth with her hands. "Yes yes yes!" she started crying in joy. The crowd started cheering, my father one of the loudest there. I looked at my friends. Nico looked pale and scared? Thalia looked like she was holding back sobs. A strange feeling started to overcome me. It was unpleasant but I relished the feeling of it. I realized what it was. It was pure fury. It overcame my sorrow in a flash. I took a step forward. "What exactly is going on?" I spoke slowly. The crowd immediately grew quiet. I walked towards the happy couple, the crowd parting for me. Annabeth's eyes were wide and she looked shocked. "Per-Percy, h-how are you here? You d-died" she stammered "I am very much alive Annabeth," I spat, "But the real question is why? Why would you do this to me, after all I did for you?" I asked quieter. The entire camp was watching us, completely shocked. Good for them, I thought. "How many of you know how much I have suffered in my life?" I asked directing this at our audience. My only answer was complete and utter silence. "Really? Then why don't I educate you," At this point all eyes were on me. "When I was twelve, I went on a quest to the Underworld to rescue Zeus' MasterBolt to prevent a civil war among the Gods. At twelve, I beat Ares in a duel. It was then when I found out Luke, son of Hermes was helping Kronos rise," I said quietly. "My second quest was when Thalia's pine tree was poisoned and I snuck away on a quest to save the camp by finding the Golden Fleece in the Sea of Monsters. We survived the Sirens and defeated Polyphemus, a cyclops. We saved the camp and rescued Thalia from her tree." I took a deep breath and glanced at Nico and Thalia who moved to stand protectively next to me. "I went a extraction mission with Thalia and Anna-her," jerking my head head in her direction,"To find a pair of powerful demigods, Nico and Bianca Di Angelo. We were attacked and Annabeth was kidnapped by the Titan Atlas. Bianca joined the Hunters and was chosen to go on a quest to save Artemis who had been forced under the sky." I look up at my awestruck audience. "The quest members was Thalia, Zoe, the last lieutenant of the hunt, Bianca, Grover and would have been Phoebe but I snuck away on the quest instead to save Annabeth." "I fought and defeated the Nemean Lion and along the way..." I look at Nico but his face was startlingly blank. "Along the way in the junkyard of the Gods, Bi-Bianca sacrificed herself to save my life." "We reached the Garden of the Hesperides and managed to reach the top of Mount Tam, where Atlas once held the sky. Where Artemis now held the sky. I took the burden of the sky to allow Artemis to fight instead." "The only thought in my head was Bianca gave her life for me, I could hold the sky. Artemis tricked Atlas under the sky once more but not until he...not until he killed Zoe," my voice impossibly soft. "Artemis placed her soul in the stars to remain forevermore." "My fourth quest brought me deep into the Labyrinth, to prevent Luke from invading the camp. I fought monsters and navigated the maze with a clear sighted mortal. I made my peace with Nico and separated from Grover and Tyson who went of to find Pan. Annabeth and I went on a side quest for Hephaestus to locate one of his forges. I went there and was attacked by sea demons. I caused Mount St Helen's to erupt and for Typhon to wake up. I was landed on the island of Calypso and was offered to escape my prophecy. I could have become immortal and escape my life. But I chose to return for my friends because I was loyal to my friends, to my family. I returned to camp and once again entered the Labyrinth. We found Daedalus and found out he had already helped Luke but was eventually betrayed and helped us escape." I took a deep breath. These next few parts were going to hard. "I was there when Pan faded, I was one of the few who were blessed by the Lord of the Wild. " "I managed to find my way back to Luke's ship where Kronos' sarcophagus was located. I found out Luke had bathed in the River Styx and had hosted the Titan Lord's essence. We managed to escape but not before Nico was revealed as a son of Hades." I take a moment to glance at my audience. They were awestruck, shocked, and scared? I looked at my father and saw he had tears in his eyes. "That was when the Battle of the Labyrinth began. To cut a long story short, many brave heroes passed but we managed to win. Daedalus returned to help and asked Nico to kill him to close the Labyrinth. Th-there were t-too many shrouds that day. I swallow deeply looking at my too companions, both openly sobbing. "I knew that Kronos would try to attack Olympus so I gathered every single half-blood to defend Olympus. Forty Demigods, 30 hunters, and an assortment of nature spirits was all we had