An Age-Old Question By Nefhiriel Summary: Birthdays are highly overrated. Or, at least this year, Elessar is not looking forward to his. :: Aragorn and Legolas friendship. Aragorn/Arwen. H/C. Fluff. Post-RotK. Semi follow-up to Surprise. :: (Birthday fic for Ainu Laire) A/N: This was supposed to be a birthday fic for Ainu Laire…now (after doing much battle with writer's block) it is still a b-day fic for her, but it's shamefully late. Sorry, mellon-nin—and happy late (late, late, LATE) b-day! As much as I wish I could have had this finished on time for Laire, my beta pointed out how neat it is to have, quite coincidentally, finished writing this just in time to post it for Aragorn's birthday. So happy birthday to the both of ya. :-) And thankyouthankyouthank you Imbecamiel the Super-Editor… You took a chunk out of an already busy day of editing to painstakingly help me polish this up, and I appreciate it a lot. ;-) ---------- A baby's wail pierced the silence. The familiar sound drew Aragorn out of a shallow sleep. Taking care not to disturb his wife, he sat up, easing his legs out from under the covers and over the side of the bed. He stayed in that position for a moment, hands gripping the edge of the bed, shoulders stooped, eyes open only through strength of will. Consciousness hadn't fully reached him yet, but the mournful cry didn't relent. Arwen moved on the bed next to him, and he glanced over at her. "Estel," she murmured, eyes struggling to focus, and dark hair falling in disheveled wisps around her face where it had come loose from its braid. "Go back to sleep. I will take care of him." "Let Mira see to Eldarion tonight, meleth. We are both exhausted…" "Well, one of us apparently is." Her only reaction to his amusement was a drawn brow and a soft, uncomprehending "huh". "Arwen, you know Mira was feeling poorly yesterday and had to leave for the evening. I told you that I would take care of him." " Estel ," she groaned, sounding more than usually young and petulant in her not-quite-awake exasperation. "You should have had one of the other nurses to stay." From the adjoining room, Eldarion was, if anything, sounding louder and more insistent. "I could not return to sleep now, even if there were someone else. I heard you up not an hour ago to feed him…" He reached over to squeeze her shoulder lightly. "Now sleep ." She sighed, mumbling something about waking her up later if necessary, shifted, and pressed the side of her face further into the pillow. Rubbing a hand across his face, he stumbled his way toward the small room, attached to theirs, where Eldarion slept. The way was familiar enough now that he could almost find the way with his eyes closed—which pretty nearly described what he was doing now. Arwen was right, he could have, and should have, had one of the servants stay to take care Eldarion. He needed rest. His body craved it after the erratic pattern of sleep, punctuated more often by sleeplessness, that he'd been putting himself through lately. But some things were worth losing sleep over. Aragorn lifted his son out of his cradle, wrapping him securely in a blanket and supporting his small, vulnerable neck with the crook of his arm. The noise didn't cease instantaneously, but the volume began to diminish at the touch. Eventually, Eldarion's cries dwindled down to feeble half-hearted whimpers, his head cradled trustingly against his father's chest, as if taking comfort in the sound of his heart-beat. And then there was blessed silence again. "There, little one, you have my full and undivided attention. Are you happy now?" Whether he was being manipulated or not, it felt good to be wanted— needed —so much by this little being. At first, Aragorn had thought he couldn't possibly stand a chance when it came to comforting a screaming Eldarion, not at times like this when occasionally even Arwen's gentle voice failed to soothe him. And then one time a particularly disconsolate Eldarion was handed to him to by a frazzled nurse, who'd pleaded with him to "try anything". So he began to quietly hum the first song that came to mind. Last resort though he apparently was, it had worked. Although his attention appeared to be working now, as well, Eldarion didn't seem ready to go to sleep yet. Still-wide blue eyes stared up at him, and Aragorn knew from experience they weren't going to close easily. The room was too small for the serious pacing he knew was going to be necessary, so instead he slipped out into the hall. He hummed elven lullabies he'd hummed to Eldarion many times before; he paced; he rocked him. However, every time he thought Eldarion was asleep, and moved back to his room, beginning to set him back down, he'd start to fuss again. Once he almost made it out of the room, but before he could Eldarion's protesting whimpering brought him back. "You know, some day we will be reminding you of this—of how you were a nightmare as a baby, keeping your parents awake all night." Eldarion only made soft garbled noises of contentment at him, and Aragorn smiled despite himself. "Yes, well, you will be embarrassed by it then , let me assure you." Right now, however, Eldarion was far from embarrassed, and quite content at having gotten his way. Aragorn continued to hold him, and pace, even after the child's eyes began to droop shut. Aragorn decided to resign himself for the time being. He wasn't going back to bed any time soon—and that left plenty of time for thought. He didn't have many times like this during the day. Actually, he couldn't remember the last time he'd had so much as an hour's time to do nothing but think about anything other than the business of running a kingdom. Well, he had that time now, and was discovering that he really didn't want it now that he had it. He didn't want to stop and consider how he was feeling, because lately he was feeling…old. Were it not for the slumbering bundle in his arms, he might have sighed aloud. This was precisely the reason he never paid attention to those looming thoughts in the back of his mind. Usually they were best kept in the back of his mind. But now it was too late, he'd already thought the word: old . The change from summer to winter, and then from winter to spring, could be harsh on old wounds. Some years the effects of the seasonal changes made the aches worse than others, and this year had certainly been one of the bad ones. It was late February, but still it seemed the slightest change in the weather pattern and every once-broken bone his body began to twinge. And right now, considering Gondor had been experiencing a dismal week-long pattern of damp cloudiness, he was feeling stiff and sore. It seemed like more than a simple bout of old wounds reacting to weather. Even his fingers seemed to throb with a constant, dull pain, and by the end of the day he was usually left with a headache from trying to ignore it all. He cringed inwardly when he heard older men around him complain—right along with the running commentary in his own head—about how this time of year always brought out all those joint problems. But he didn't have "joint problems"…did he? Certainly, he wasn't young anymore, but "old" still had be an overstatement. He was Númenorian, after all. Odd, then, how he was having a hard time reassuring himself. Arwen would hardly have any experience on the subject of aging, her own situation, and elven-mortality, far from what could be termed normal. In turn, he wasn't "normal" by other human standards either. But it wasn't as if he would become old overnight. It was a gradual process. Aye, and I'm gradually beginning to feel old … Aragorn let his eyes linger on Eldarion's small face, with its tranquil expression. "And how can I possibly feel old, when you haven't even seen your first birthday?" he whispered, lightly brushing the child's impossibly soft skin with a forefinger. Aragorn gave a quiet, self-deprecating laugh. "I suppose I should wait until you're at least five before I even begin to consider getting old." ---- If she weren't such a loving mother, on mornings like this Arwen might have been tempted to wake Eldarion up, and make him stay up every minute of the day like the rest of them had to. But, of course, she was a loving mother, and had long ago been accredited a mature adult. Besides, the silence was too wonderful to risk at any cost. Across the breakfast table from her, Aragorn sat looking as if…well, as if he'd been up all night. Actually, several nights in row, which wasn't far from the truth, either. Last night may have been the first one he spent with Eldarion in some time, but lately there seemed an increasing number of "emergencies" – real or diplomatic – that kept him up far too late. Between bites, she glanced in his direction as subtly as she could. It didn't take much to do so without his noticing. Right now he hardly looked as if a stampede of Mumakil would disturb him from his thoughts, whatever they were. Aragorn frequently achieved such a state of focus when considering a problem closely, but lately it was marked by a weariness that was almost apathetic. Apathy was not something she was used to seeing in him. That, more than anything, told her that his current exhaustion was something more than mere sleep-deprivation. She wished he would tell her what was bothering him—it wasn't like him to be so withdrawn. Some lack of voluntary and clear communication was, of course, always to be adhered to in order to preserve male tradition. However, he simply wasn't responding to any coaxing on her part, and when he looked so tired she simply didn't have the heart to pester him too far on the subject. The first day of March was only a few days away, and there would be kingdom-wide celebrations in plenty. But though she wanted to do something more personal to celebrate, she wasn't entirely sure what to do, given his current despondency. She did, however, know of one thing she could do that would never be out of place. Even if all else failed, she had hope that her plans for Legolas to visit them would at least serve as a distraction. At most, perhaps, as one of his oldest and dearest friends, Legolas would be able to figure her husband out where she hadn't. She knew there was special bond between the two of them—she counted on it. She also knew that, though he usually willingly shared his thoughts and concerns with her, he could sometimes choose the oddest and most exasperating times to decide he didn't want to worry her over something. If that was the case, he might prove more amenable to Legolas' prying than her own. But she certainly wasn't giving up yet. "Meleth?" Aragorn looked up in response, obviously making an effort to be in the here-and-now. "Have you resolved that problem you mentioned yesterday?" She could see by his expression that he had to wrack his brain for a moment to remember. Apparently, that was one topic he wasn't currently preoccupied with. "You were telling me of a debate over possession of land?" Aragorn nodded. "Yes, yes…" He took another bite of his food, and seemed to have forgotten her original question. "It has been resolved, then?" she pressed. "Resolved? No. Hardly." Arwen waited expectantly. They often discussed such problems over breakfast, Aragorn glad for her input, and using her as a sounding board for his