Duty By Nefhiriel Rating: G Genre: Romance/humor Summary: Eómer has learned his duty. Perhaps too well? Even though the war is over, he can't seem to lighten up on his grim outlook towards life. Now, he needs an heir. Must marriage, then, simply be another duty to perform for his country? A/N: I know the meeting of Eómer and Lothíriel is a much picked-over plot line, but when the S.N.W.C.G did a romance challenge, I ended up getting inspired for something with Eomer in it. Besides, I've always been rather disappointed with the versions I've read of their meeting/marriage, so I decided to give it a go. Oh, and for anyone who might be wondering: no, I'm not abandoning Aragorn and Legolas. The elf and ranger will always be first in my heart, and I'm always working on lots of stories involving one or both of them. This is just a momentary deviation ;-) "Eómer, just because it would be good for relations between Dol Amroth and Gondor doesn't mean you have to marry her." "Do not think I do this because I am forced, Eowyn." "Why, then?" "It is my duty." Eowyn shook her head sadly. "Duty? Is that all marriage will ever be to you?" Eómer sighed, pacing from one side of the study to the other and back again before answering. "Eowyn, I am truly happy that for you love and duty both coincided, but it cannot be so for everyone. Princess Lothíriel would be a wonderful match, and strengthen the ties between Dol Amroth and Rohan." "Eómer! You talk about her as if she was some horse you wish to purchase—or a treaty to sign—not like the woman you hope to wed! If you really wish to wed her at all…" Eómer looked up in surprise at her outburst. "Of course I wish to. From all account she has grown into a beautiful lady, and—" "'From all accounts'?" Eowyn scoffed. "Just listen to yourself. You need to listen to other people's accounts to learn about her? You have not so much as seen her since you were both children." "What would have you have me do then, sister? Ask Prince Imrahil not to bring his daughter? Ignore the fact that Rohan is ruled by a king without an heir?" "I didn't say you shouldn't marry her," Eowyn said, her voice full of frustration. "But you just said—" Eowyn interrupted, her voice turning concerned, "I merely wish you wouldn't automatically decide whether you are or aren't going to marry her, as if you were dealing with livestock. Why can't you wait, talk to her, court her, see what she's like, and then—if you love her—ask her?" Eómer paced over to the window impatiently. "Of course I won't ask her to marry me right away, but I do owe it to Rohan to choose a bride soon, and if she won't have me than I must look elsewhere…" Eowyn laughed outright at this. "Oh, I know, dear brother, you're not getting any younger." She walked over to him, scrutinizing him with exaggerated care. "Just the other day I thought I spotted a grey hair…" Eómer didn't laugh, his brown eyes brimming with their habitual solemnity. "I'm serious, Eowyn." "But, Eómer, everything is serious with you. Can't you even afford a little light-heartedness where your future wife is concerned? Anyone would think you don't want to marry at all!" Eómer faced the window, unresponsive. Eowyn moved closer, trying to catch his eyes. " Do you want to marry?" "I do not think I would…mind it." The look of almost boyish hesitation on his face couldn't fail to make Eowyn smile. "Oh Eómer… Must all of life be so full of duty and cares to worry about? Couldn't you smile a little more often? The war is over—I wish you would act like it." Eómer licked his lips nervously, hardly knowing how to respond, for he realized the truth of her words. He hadn't let go since the war. Ever since he could remember, his life had consisted of learning how to accept his duty, and to make sacrifices for the greater good. Even though his marriage was a personal matter, by default he looked upon it as yet another duty he must perform. Not that the thought of marrying out of love hadn't crossed his mind, but he hadn't met any woman who stood out to him more than the rest. There was no woman he loved in particular, so why not a marriage of convenience? It was only practical, since he did need an heir… As if reading his thoughts, Eowyn spoke softly, "So it is to be a marriage of convenience only, then." She sighed heavily. "Tell me truthfully, are you really doing this only out of political reasons, and to produce an heir?" Eómer hated it when Eowyn looked at him like that, with that sad, disappointed look on her face. Wishing he could break the mood, he replied with abnormal flippancy, "No, I would also greatly like to get Councilor Veoldrik off my back. I swear, every time I attempt to ride out on the hunt he nearly has a heart-attack. Until I have an heir, I fear he will never allow me to ride out alone…" His flippancy didn't do the trick. Eowyn just watched him talk, arms crossed. When he finally trailed off, she spoke angrily, "I'm beginning to pity Lothíriel. I have half a mind to warn her about you." "Eowyn!" His tone was partly reproachful, partly placating: from Eowyn's stance, he could tell she was almost ready to storm from the room. "Eómer, you have got to be the most unromantic person I have ever known!" The door closed with a solid click behind her. Eómer slumped down dejectedly into a chair. -o0o- "Lothíriel, just because it would be good for relations between Gondor and Dol Amroth doesn't mean you have to marry him." "I know, Father, I know." Lothíriel held up a hand, stopping her older brother before he could get started, and finishing for him: "And if he so much as looks at me wrong you'll punch him, Elphir. Yes, I know that too." "And I'll help him," Amrothos added. "Don't count me out of the fun," Erchirion chimed in. Lothíriel laughed. "Thank you, all three, for your show of brotherly affection. I feel very, very safe. But I don't think you need to worry about King Eómer showing a lack of manners ." "Yes, well he better court you properly, not just take your compliance for granted," Amrothos growled. "It may be a good match—and an obvious one—but he will treat you right." Lothíriel clear blue eyes sparkled with unhidden amusement. "Oh, 'Roth, you're the worst of all! Poor Lord Eómer, he probably won't dare look at me at all, much less wrongly, or with intentions of wedding me. Warrior-King or no, he'll run in terror at the sight of you three." None of her brothers looked too unhappy at the prospect. Amrothos didn't even try to cover his smirk. Imrahil shook his head in fond exasperation. "You three, get out of here. Make your plans to terrify your sister's suitors elsewhere." Elphir, responsible as ever, put on a convincing display of innocence. "Terrify her suitors? We're only looking after our little sister, Father." Imrahil waved a hand dismissively at them. "I want to talk to your sister now, without the three of you distracting her with your ridiculous 'offers'." When the door was firmly closed behind his three sons, he turned to his youngest child, and only daughter. He sat down in one of the large, comfortable chairs, and smiled fondly at Lothíriel, who was curled up in the window-seat, arms hugging her knees to her chest, resting her chin resting atop them. "Those three, honestly—punch the King of Rohan, will they? Who taught them politics? I'm not letting any of them near Lord Eómer. If he does so much as look at you the wrong way, I'll be the one punching him." Lothíriel chuckled at the picture of her diplomatic father actually punching the King of Rohan. Imrahil sobered. "Lothíriel, I do mean it. If, upon meeting him, you find you do not wish to marry him, I will not force you." "I know you won't, Father. But I will do my best to like him. I know how much this would mean, consolidating our ties to Rohan." Imrahil felt pride at her words. She spoke like a true high-born lady of Dol Amroth. She knew she might be called upon to sacrifice love for duty, and she was willing. But he felt determined not to make her take that sacrifice. She was right, a marriage between her and the King of Rohan could only bring good. It would strengthen the tie between their two countries, and it would give him personal satisfaction to see her married well. But, he also knew his daughter's more predominating nature. She knew her duty, but also longed to marry for love, rather than for a title, or wealth, or even for her country. He wouldn't see her tied down to an unhappy life so far away from the sea she loved, not unless it was truly necessary. "Yes, it would be a perfect match in many ways, and I would be happy for you both. I have fought at Eómer's side, and he is a good man. If you can learn to love him, you have my blessing. If you cannot bring yourself to marry him, you still have my blessing." Imrahil rose and crossed over to where she sat, leaning over to kiss her forehead. He turned next to leave, but she reached up to embrace him. Leaning down again, he returned it, and she buried her face in his shoulder. A muffled "Thank you." reached his ears. He smiled, running his fingers through her long dark hair, and replied softly, "Get some sleep, Ría. We'll be leaving at first light tomorrow morning." -o0o- Eómer clasped Imrahil's arm in greeting. "It is good to have you in these halls again, my Lord." "It is good to be in Rohan, Lord Eómer." Imrahil smiled warmly. "You and my three sons are already acquainted, but allow me to introduce my daughter, Lothíriel. I believe you two were quite young the last time you met." "My Lady." Eómer bowed over the hand she offered him and kissed it, before finally looking up to get a proper view of the woman who'd occupied much of this thoughts for the past week. Imrahil continued to make polite conversation, but Eómer was only half listening. The rumors had been true: the Princess of Dol Amroth was indeed beautiful. But that was not what struck Eómer immediately. It was her smile. Her smile was so full of joy that, for a second, he felt sure she must be looking at someone else in recognition. He resisted the urge to look behind him, and then realized with surprise that she was looking straight at him. The genuine smile of greeting was meant for him . It made him feel unusually awkward, being the sole recipient of such attention. He also became acutely aware of Elphir, Erchirion, and Amrothos, all gazing intently at him, and giving him the very uncomfortable feeling of being not only observed but tried and judged as well. He started when he became conscious of just how long he'd been looking at her, speechless, half frowning in thought. He cleared his throat. "Meduseld is…graced by your presence, my Lady." If possible, her smile brightened. "Thank you, my Lord." He turned back to Imrahil. "You must be tired from your long journey. The servants will show you your rooms, if you wish, and then we shall feast together." -o0o- "Well, I wonder where everyone else went off to in such a hurry…" Eómer turned at Lothíriel's words to look behind them, noticing for the