Get it Off By Nefhiriel Rating: PG ( Warning : if you're afraid of bugs it might be PG-13 to R, depending on how afraid you are, LOL) Genre: Humor/Action/Adventure (horror? -g-) Characters: Aragorn, Halbarad, Elladan, Elrohir, and Elrond Summary: You know that feeling you get about bugs? You just keep stepping on them, & finding them in unexpected places. Before long you feel like they're crawling all over you, even when there's none in sight. Know the feeling? Halbarad & Aragorn are soon to discover it… A/N: Well, I'm back from my vacation in sunny Arizona, andhave been feelingin the mood to post somthing... So here's a little something I wrote for the Fear challenge on the S.N.W.C.G. I can usually buck-up when it comes to bugs, but after cleaning up the seemingly endless supply of Asian beetles out of our windowsills, and finding a spider in my bed--and one crawling down the curtain next to me--I decided it was time to give myself the luxury of a sympathy fic-g- Oh,and Aragorn is about seventeen or so, at the time this story takes place. This is one of his first trips with the Rangers ;-) And, just because I always like to say it, for those who may not have heard me say it before, I don't write slash, so ah...yeah, this isn't -g- Part 1: The Fun Begins Aragorn wrapped his arms more tightly around himself, shivering as the cool night air found its way to his skin, even past the three layers of blankets he was smothered in. It was cold, too cold to sleep, even if he could. But he had to stay awake until Halbarad returned, no matter what. He'd never been to Mirkwood before, but it certainly didn't look like the kind of forest one would wish to be caught in alone, or asleep. He just wished Halbarad would hurry. With another shiver—one not entirely produced by cold—he decided it was definitely time to distract his mind from his surroundings. He thought back to the beginning of their journey. Immediately, he felt a small warmth of contentment swell to replace the gnawing fear the atmosphere of the woods had created. It was a feeling he'd experienced more and more often since he'd joined the Rangers. Their journey had started out pleasantly enough: a simple trip to intercept a small band of Goblins that had been causing problems in the mountain passes. It had seemed rather routine, and straight-forward. They'd found the band of Goblins without too much trouble, tracking them East for a time, before finally catching up to them. The battle had started out as simply as the journey, with the Rangers obviously having the upper hand. Then, of course, things had to get complicated. Aragorn himself couldn't recall exactly what had happened with too much clarity. All he'd known was that, in the middle of the battle, Halbarad had grabbed him by the wrist and physically begun pulling him away from the fight . Later, Halbarad had explained that a group of Goblins had broken off from the main fray, in an attempt to slip off unnoticed. Feeling a slight swell of pride at having been chosen by Halbarad to help chase down the Goblins, Aragorn quickly squelched it. Doubtless, Halbarad hadn't even paid attention to who he'd pulled away with him, he'd probably simply grabbed the nearest able-bodied man. Nonetheless, he couldn't help but feel…honored, and proud to be the one to go with Halbarad. However, as he peered into the darkness, he couldn't help but feel just a little unfortunate, at the moment. The Goblins would have chosen to hide in Mirkwood, of all places. In all good conscience, neither off them could've forsaken their quest then, leaving the Goblins to pester King Thranduil's border guards. But, by the time they'd dispatched the remaining Goblins, darkness had nearly been upon them, and they'd been forced to make camp, still some distance within the borders of the forest. And then, of course, Halbarad had to go and scout. He'd already been gone for ages, or at least what felt like ages. Aragorn groaned inwardly, rubbing his frozen fingers together. The warmth of the friction wasn't nearly enough to thaw them. What he needed was a good, hot fire. The very thought sent shivers of pleasure down his spine. Unconsciously, his hand began groping for his flint. Just a small fire…. The image of crackling flames was just enough incentive to get him scrambling out from the protection of the blankets long enough to gather some kindling. Skillfully, heencouraged the small sparks until they blossomed into flame. Wrapping himself firmly once more in the blankets, he closed his eyes and held his hands out towards the small fire. His fingers began to tingle, and warmth spread across his body. Then, unexpectedly, something brushed his cheek. Something soft. His eyes flew open, as another something soft brushed his other cheek. In the orange glow of the fire, there were creatures were fluttering. But what were they? Birds? Surely not bats, they were almost white… And why were they flying into the fire? For that was what they were doing. With small cracking, hissing sounds, two more flew straight into the flames. One flew directly at his face, and he felt suddenly frantic as he realized what they were. Moths. Unbelievably huge moths. The fire flickered and began to smoke more and more, as the flames fed on the moths that converged upon the light, creating a horrible stench as their bodies began to smother the fire. Forgetting how cold he was, Aragorn leapt out of the blankets, stamping out the flames with his booted feet. Only when the last flame had flickered and died did he slump back to the ground. The smell of burnt insect lingered, and he closed his eyes for a moment, trying to regain control of his stomach. Now he was glad Halbarad hadn't been here, to witness this. Of course, Halbarad probably would have known Mirkwood was infested by bird-sized moths. He shuddered, refusing to think about the way their feathery bodies had brushed his face. The irony of the situation was enormous, he realized, regaining a small amount of control. Here he was, bruised and exhausted after a fierce encounter with Goblins, and a bunch of moths had turned him into a complete coward. As the sound of footsteps alerted him to the fact that his companion was returning, he bit his lip, and tried to force the grayish hue he was certain his face had claimed to recede. Yes, he was very glad Halbarad hadn't been here to witness his humiliation. "Strider," Halbarad greeted him casually, as he emerged out of the trees into the small clearing. "What took you so long?" Aragorn flinched at how strained and shaken his voice sounded. He hadn't meant for it to come out that way… Halbarad eyes roved between Aragorn, and the small pile of still-glowing coals. His eyes twinkled slightly in the moon light. "You seem to have done quite well in my absence." Aragorn flinched again. Of course Halbarad would have seen the coals, he should have thought of that… Apparently, though, Halbarad was too tired to spend energy laughing at him. Aragorn realized that he too was exhausted, and beyond caring much whether he was laughed at. Three days of constant journey and hard fighting had worn them both out. Halbarad motioned him to his feet. "I think I've found a better place for us to spend the night. Even without a fire, it should be warmer than sleeping out here in the open." Aragorn rose as quickly as his frozen limbs permitted. "Where?" "A cave, just a short distance from here." Wrapping up his blankets, Aragorn trudged off after Halbarad. It only took them a few minutes to reach the cave. Aragorn looked ahead at the looming blackness of the entrance and hesitated. "Are you sure it's…uninhabited?" "No. But I plan on sending you in first," Halbarad said dryly, his weariness partially covering what was meant to be a teasing tone. "If anything eats you, then we'll know, won't we?" Aragorn smiled, and entered the cave. Many elven traits seemed to be rubbing off on him from his adopted family, but luckily claustrophobia wasn't among his fears yet. Although the cave was small, and the walls narrow, he managed to push away his initial uncertainties. The way his eyes kept drooping shut was also a factor that encouraged him to simply to drop down onto his mat, and wrap himself up in his blankets. Next to him, Halbarad followed suit, but merely sat cross-legged on his mat, wrapping his own blanket around his shoulders. "I'll take first watch," he said, quietly. "You rest." Aragorn sheepishly realized he'd forgotten all about taking watches… Halbarad truly looked dead tired, and more in need of sleep—something which seemed nearly impossible, considering how exhausted he felt himself. Slowly, he pushed himself up on his elbows. "Perhaps you should take the first rest… I had a break while you were scouting." If his words lacked their usual energy, he did his best to look earnest. Halbarad hesitated. He hated to accept. After all, Aragorn was probably nearly as exhausted as he was. But in all honesty, he had to admit, he wasn't certain he could will his body to stay upright for a minute longer. If he had to, he might be able to stay away for a while longer… But he knew it would be pushing things. Even as he thought, he felt himself sway slightly, and tensed to keep from toppling over right them and there. He looked searchingly at Aragorn, trying to assess the younger man's condition. Although obviously tired, there was still a sparkle of life in his eyes. If he could only handle watch for an hour so... "Please, I can handle it for a couple of hours," Aragorn urged. At last, Halbarad nodded reluctantly. "But you will wake me before you become too tired to keep your eyes open?" "I will." Halbarad was asleep instantly, leaving a very tired but very determined Aragorn to watch for several uneventful hours. Aragorn actually managed to keep his eyes open for a great deal longer than he had thought possible. Occasionally, he would rise, and wander out to the front of the cave. The cool night breeze that was blowing helped keep his senses alert and, while watching the moon rise wasn't generally considered the most exciting of pastimes, it was something to watch. As long as the moon was in his vision, he knew his eyes weren't drifting shut. Whenever the moon began to eclipse horizontally, his would quickly snap his drooping lids back open. After what he judged to be close to three hours had passed, he finally gave up. Walking back into the cave, he gently woke Halbarad. It took the older ranger some minutes to effectively clear the grogginess from his brain, but when he did, and recognized the face of his companion staring down at him, framed in the moonlight, he sat up. "I'm awake, I'm awake…" he muttered, throwing the blankets off his legs. Aragorn repressed the sarcastic replies that sprung to mind. He was too tired to joke around tonight. Halbarad blinked a couple more times, before placing a hand on the younger ranger's shoulder. "You get some sleep, Aragorn." Aragorn let his head fall forward in something resembling a nod of agreement, and than instantly dropped down onto his own sleeping roll—his last conscious act for the night. Part 2: It Gets Even Better Halbarad yawned and stretched before pulling himself to his feet. The sun was just barely rising over the treetops, but it was time for them to move on. He'd already given Aragorn twenty minutes more sleep than he'd planned on. He smiled as he stood over the sleeping boy. "Aragorn, time to get up," he