"Don't worry. I always channel my emotions into my work. That way I don't hurt anyone but myself." -Cinna Catching Fire Author's Note: Warning! Although this story is not particularly graphic, a lot of it can be very intense and scary. I'm dealing head-on with the concept of prolonged physical torture, as well as a great deal of emotional suffering and fear. That's not because I like these things. I don't. It's because I think they're inevitably what Cinna would have been facing after he was arrested. When you're a hero of the rebellion in a world as savage as Panem, it can get pretty rough. If you've read the books, you shouldn't have a problem with the depictions of violence per se in my story. I don't think any of my descriptions of physical injury are as bad as what they said about Cato's torture by the mutts, for instance. But on an emotional level, and especially if you've only seen the movies, please be careful. I am not playing around here. My purpose with the scary scenes is to throw you straight into Cinna's experience. If I succeed... it could be kind of hard to read. It's hard for me to write. Still, I hope you'll decide to read this. I'm telling a story that's important to me. And I'm doing my best to tell it in a way that is no more painful than it needs to be. No more, no less. And it does have a good ending. Please trust me. I love Cinna and Katniss far too much to write any other kind. Dedication: For Holly, for knowing what I meant when I described my concept of Cinna. For seeing what I saw when I showed you my drawings of him. For your reaction to my sketches of his work. For taking one look at my sketch of him and saying, "He's that simple." And more than anything, for watching the Catching Fire movie and then saying, "He better not die." You get it, Holly. Thank you. Part 1: "Design" ~ [Cinna's POV] ~ "Cinna! Cinna!" I can hear her screaming my name as if the glass wasn't there. Even though there's no actual sound, I hear her panicked voice in my mind as Katniss pounds frantically against the inside of her cylinder and throws herself against it so hard I'm afraid she might break her bones. Her silver-gray eyes lock desperately on me. I barely feel my own pain as the Peacekeepers continue to beat me with their spiked gloves. It only lasts a few seconds. I'm looking at Katniss, but I can't think of anything to say or do before I lose my awareness. I wake up in a square white room. I am chained to a hard chair with my hands behind me. There is a man standing in front of me. He's wearing the white uniform of a Peacekeeper on his body, and a hard gray glint in his eyes. I blink, fighting disorientation. I shake my head slightly, and a slamming pain strikes the side of my skull as if they're hitting me again. But it's just from the earlier blows and my own movement. Carefully, I hold myself still. Moving is not a good idea right now. "Hello, Cinna," the Peacekeeper says in a cold voice. He doesn't introduce himself. "You made quite a stir at the interviews." He's talking about the Mockingjay dress I made for Katniss. At the thought of her, a cold pain shoots through my heart. Katniss! I expected to be arrested. I expected to be tortured, probably killed, for my part in the newborn rebellion. What I didn't expect was for them to inflict it on Katniss too. I remember the agony in her eyes when she saw them arrest me and beat me. I know that's why the Gamemakers delayed her launch into the arena. I know they did it this way just to hurt her. A hot rage fills me. Still, I answer calmly. "Yes, I thought it was spectacular myself." The Peacekeeper grabs my right shoulder and shakes me. The seemingly simple action sends waves of pain shooting through me. I gasp, then make an effort and contain my reaction. "Don't play games, Cinna!" he snarls. "You don't have to tell me anything. At least not now. You'll tell us everything soon enough." I see the glint of silver as a syringe with a long needle appears in his free hand. Before I can react, he plunges the needle into my left arm and I slip away. It's all sort of fuzzy when I start to be aware of things again. I'm not sure at first what's going on. But I feel a subtle sense of unease. This is not quite right. Cautiously I look around. My mind is slowly starting to ask questions about what's happening. Where am I? This is not my home. I'm not waking up in my own bed. A cold sense of alarm touches my heart as I start to remember. I was arrested by Peacekeepers. Katniss had to watch. I'm... I'm suddenly completely awake. I have been taken into custody for questioning about my presentation of Katniss as the Mockingjay. It's starting. My physical surroundings are coming into focus. I am lying on my back on a hard table. My hands are restrained at my sides. I can feel that some kind of hard cuffs around my ankles are also holding my feet in place. There's a stiff band of some material running across the front of my shoulders and my upper chest, holding me flat on the table. It's a surprisingly vulnerable feeling, being trapped in this position. I feel a sudden fear rising in me. I can't get up. I can't do anything at all to protect myself. Of course I knew they were going to hurt me, but the actual feeling of being restrained like this is surprisingly terrifying. It was one thing to imagine being tortured, but now I'm face to face with the reality that I won't be able to move my body to avoid the pain they're going to cause me. It seems obvious now, but somehow my mind never prepared me for this. I stare up at the blank white ceiling, fighting to calm my thoughts and slow my racing heartbeat. It's been years since I've felt this scared, if I ever have. Maybe in some nightmare as a very small child. All right, I think. I am here. I need to face this. The first thing is to focus on something other than fear. I lift my head, turning my face to look at the strap across my shoulders. It's black and shiny, about two inches across and fairly thick. Probably some kind of plastic. The movements of my head are not causing me any pain. I remember the sudden, slamming agony when I shook my head to clear it before. That earlier savage blow was hard enough to be probably very dangerous, and certainly did me some serious damage. Now there's no sign of the effects. The Peacekeepers weren't doing any of this at random. They've kept me under long enough for my head injury to heal. Probably with the help of some expensive medicines to speed it up. Apparently they want to hurt me when I can concentrate on feeling it. Does it matter to them that now I can also concentrate on resisting them? Probably not. I suspect they feel very confident about this. But maybe it should matter to them. It does seem that they have all the power here, and they do have a great deal of power. But they're only looking at one side of it. I can bring my own kind of strength to this challenge. I decide to start now. "All right," I say, breaking the silence in this ominous room. "You may as well come in now. I'm ready." My voice sounds quiet and calm. I'm pleased to hear that. At the same time, I realize that I don't feel as much fear as before. Thinking about these things has helped me to regain my usual calm and confidence. No one comes into the room. I'm guessing they didn't like my small demonstration of control. I have no doubt they'll be here soon, though. I raise my head again, looking along the length of my body. My comfortable black clothes have been exchanged for some thin, blue-white garment like a hospital gown. I suppose that what is convenient for medical procedures would also be convenient for torture. The thought brings my fear seeping back into my mind. I find myself shifting my arms, trying to pull my wrists free of the unyielding cuffs. It's no use, of course. They're meant to hold me against any attempts to escape. There's the sound of a door opening behind me. I try to twist around and look, but I can't turn that far. I only have to wait a few seconds, though. I hear the heavy footsteps of a man wearing boots. He's coming around me on my right. A uniformed Peacekeeper steps into view. Not really to my surprise, he's the same one who briefly questioned me before. "Feeling better, Cinna?" he asks in a slightly sarcastic voice. But there's nothing remotely amused in his set expression or the hard look in his eyes. I consider what might be the best way to answer. "No," I say finally. "You and I both know that's not the point." I look him in the eye. "My head is very much improved, though. Thank you for the medicine," I add with a slight touch of irony. "Good," he says shortly. "Now we need to talk." He's dropped all pretense at humor. He told me before not to play games. Apparently he's done playing them himself. At least for now. "You'll find that unproductive," I tell him coldly. "I have nothing to say that you'll be interested in." At that, he smiles cruelly. "Oh, you have plenty to say, Cinna," he tells me in a tone that implies he's correcting my statement. "You just aren't interested in saying it. Yet." I shake my head. "I have no problem with telling you the truth," I answer him. "Especially since you already know. Where would you like me to start? I've spent my life watching our government hurt people. I got sick of it years ago. I finally found something to do that I thought could make a difference. No matter what you do to me now, there's a chance that what I've done may inspire people to fight hard enough to break free. I'm okay with paying the price for that chance." The Peacekeeper slowly shakes his head, chuckling quietly deep in his throat. It seems I've amused him again. "Very nice," he says. "A full confession, right off the starting platform. But you know that's not what I'm looking for. Rebels never work alone. I want to know what else you know about what's going on in Panem." "Get used to surprises," I tell him. "Study my career a little. I never do anything according to the book. My idea was mine. That dress I made for Katniss? I made it by myself. Not even she knew about it. Didn't you see how surprised she looked?" I'm lying, of course. Except for the part about Katniss not knowing. That much is true. I would never have allowed anyone to put her at risk by giving her that kind of information ahead of time. I've been working closely with Haymitch and Plutarch and the other rebels, though, and even with District 13. But there's no way I'm going to let him find out any of that. At least, I fervently hope there isn't. I still don't know for sure what will happen when my pain starts. "Enough of this," the hard-eyed Peacekeeper says. "I've heard