AN: Wow. Has it really been almost 2 years since I joined FFN? I know that's way behind the times compared to some of you, but it's gone by in the blink of an eye. I am a bit belated in posting this. This was the first fanfic I ever wrote, for the Ho Hey Contest early last year. I found it as I was cleaning up my folders and realized I'd never put it up. If you've read any of Sweet Heart , which was an alternate story I was considering for the contest (but sadly still have not finished...), you'll find that this is a much lighter take on the song "Ho Hey" by The Lumineers. Yes—this is fluffy, idealistic romance at it's finest. Don't read if you have a problem with love at first sight—this sweet and sappy Edward is all over that. Also, I tried making a banner for the first time... LOL. All I can say is, that was an interesting experience. Please enjoy. Disclaimer: Any publicly recognizable content is the property of the original creator. No copyright infringement is intended. I'm Yours Edward collapsed onto the hard plastic seat at the downtown bus stop, barely sparing a glance at the little old lady perched on the other end of the bench. Groaning softly, he reclined until his head hit the seat back, rubbing his hands furiously over his tightly shut eyes. Feeling the hardened calluses from his fingertips on the sensitive skin of his eyelids only served to remind him of how the day had gone completely to hell. He opened one eye to squint at the case resting against his knee. Another chance, another golden opportunity, turned straight into a disaster. Some might say he was blessed, having been presented with as many opportunities as he had. Eight talent scouts in less than two years paying notice to a simple young street musician was practically unheard of. Five of the eight, including the one he'd met with today, had even progressed to serious discussions about signing him on to a label—the point where the initial wining and dining of a potential new talent began to evolve into a seemingly endless stream of meetings with executives in expensive suits, crammed around a mile-long conference table. And yet, here he was again, headed right back to the street. It wasn't that he was overwhelmed by the business talk. On the contrary, Edward had seen and heard enough to be quite familiar with the ins and outs of the industry. He had a full college education, after all—it had been one of the conditions on the trust fund left behind by his parents—and though he chose not to pursue it as a profession, his background in psychology was surprisingly useful in accurately profiling those who approached him with promises of lucrative offers leading to a life of fortune and fame. Those bearing fake smiles and fancy business cards, who appeared out of nowhere in their crisply ironed suits just as a song was winding down in the early afternoon, were automatically declined. Sure, there might be some credence to how their appearance spoke of their success. Possessing laminated rectangles of paper with colorful text in three different fonts declaring their owner to be a highly renowned "Production Manager" was a recognizable sign of competency in the field of music, wasn't it? Not to mention the frequent name-dropping of popular artists who had gotten their "big break" just like this. They would slip him their information and then disappear back to wherever they'd come from, automatically assuming he would call and never bothering to stick around. Was it too much to ask to be represented by someone who actually seemed to enjoy his music? While there were a few occasions when Edward had been able to spot a scout that was slightly better at blending in with the eclectic group that typically gathered to watch him play, so far those encounters had not led anywhere near his ultimate goal. It should have been an easy enough arrangement to make a deal: Edward simply wanted to write and perform his own music. All he needed was someone experienced to arrange all the details that went into recording and promoting an actual album. However, there was always a catch. How could there not be, in such a high profile industry? Apparently, there was no room in the well-known labels for independent new artists. They wanted him to start out by writing songs or providing backup for their more established talents, which they insisted would boost his own visibility and get him started on the path to eventually focus on his own work. They tried to convince him that it would be much too overwhelming trying to do everything on his own from the very beginning. Their biggest mistake was thinking that he needed them . He didn't, not really. That trust fund that paid for college? Well, he was pretty much set for life. It wasn't an exorbitant amount by any means, but his parents had been dedicated workers who saved often and invested well, and if Edward maintained a modest lifestyle then there was no real need for him to ever get a day job. Edward didn't play guitar to make a living. He played because it was his life. The talent scouts, and even most of his audience, probably assumed that Edward played on the streets because that was the only place he could. But they couldn't have been more wrong. Perhaps they might have known better if they paid any attention to how he kept the lid of his guitar case closed every night. And he actually did have a job, although it was only part-time. He worked a few days a week as a counselor and mentor at a couple of public schools around the city. Edward had known very early on that his career would end up in music, but he also knew that most kids that age didn't have the knowledge or resources to figure out what they wanted to do in the future. Many of them might not even make it through school without some sort of guidance. So, he tried his best to support and motivate them to set goals and reach for their dreams. It was truly gratifying work, especially when he was rewarded with excited smiles every time a positive milestone was achieved. However, in truth, his first love was his music. Everything he performed was original work. Whether it was good or not was still debatable, if you asked him, but Edward adamantly refused to show anything that he hadn't put one hundred percent of his own heart and soul into. He found inspiration in everything around him; the world herself was his muse. Edward had traveled around a bit right after college, but after finally choosing a place to settle down, he found that he had developed somewhat of a routine. In the mornings before work, he would set up in a local park near the school for that day. On days he didn't work, he selected one out of a handful of street corners dispersed throughout the city. Most of the time he just played, but he would often pause to engage in conversation with other performers or various members of his audience. Word had certainly gotten around over the years and by this point his performances always drew a decent crowd of listeners throughout the day. It was an interesting mix: There were a good number of regulars, who stopped by whenever they had a chance to request their favorites and see if he'd come up with anything new since the last time. Then there were the curious folks who had heard about Edward Cullen somewhere along the grapevine and searched him out, to see if he would live up to their expectations. And finally, there were his favorites—if he were being honest—the random passersby. As encouraging as it was to see the familiar faces, it was almost an even better feeling to literally catch the moment when a stranger walking past him on the street was captivated and pulled in by a particular piece. Edward loved to watch their expressions change as the song evoked certain emotions and reactions. If they stayed through the entire song, it always put a smile on his face. If they stayed longer to hear more of the set, he felt his confidence grow. While he had a strong desire to share his music with others, no matter how well (or not) it was received, it was certainly reassuring to find his talent appreciated. If they came back another day—and Edward had always been good with names and faces, so he remembered—he would make the effort to strike up a conversation. Oftentimes a random tidbit of information that passed between them would spark something in his mind, and he would soon find himself composing a new song for a new friend. Although sometimes they never returned, missing out on the chance to hear the very music they had inspired, he never considered it to be a waste of time or effort. As they say, there are no mistakes in art. A piece inspired by one could wind up being an inspiration for another. It was for that very reason that Edward continued meeting with the scouts, searching for the right person to help him share his music with the rest of the world. Although it was one of his favorite things to interact directly with his local listeners, he also wanted to try things out on a larger scale. He wanted to reach more people. He wanted to connect with them. He felt, deep in his heart, that his music belonged to them. Maybe someday he would find where he belonged, too. . . . Heaving out a sigh and straightening up from where his face had at some point managed to become buried between his knees, Edward finally looked up to take in his surroundings. If it was at all possible, he'd apparently wandered into a relatively peaceful part of the city. The commanding lines of the structured downtown office buildings were softened by the picturesque backdrop of the park, and everything was tinted orange and pink from the setting sunlight. Sneaking a glance at his neighbor on the bench, Edward was surprised to find that the woman was actually one of his semi-regular visitors. Esme must have recognized him when he first sat down, since she appeared to have been watching him and offered a soft smile once he made eye contact. "Rough day, Edward?" Edward huffed a short laugh and smiled back wryly. "You could say that." "How about you play me a cheery song to fix the mood, then?" She winked at him, and this time he broke out into a full smile. Of course, his regulars knew him so well. He tried to avoid playing when he was in a bad mood—although admittedly that happened very rarely—but sometimes the right song could automatically put him in a more positive state of mind. He whipped open his guitar case and propped the instrument across his lap. He knew just the song to please his patron. Esme had recently adopted an adorable litter of kittens—several of which she had brought to his corner just last week and successfully found homes for amongst the audience—and he had written an instrumental piece inspired by the boundless energy and joy exuded by the cluster of rowdy young felines. He had not yet had the chance to play it for her, and this was the perfect opportunity. As usual, Edward lost himself in the music, and by the time he had finished his mood had brightened considerably. A soft round of applause caught his attention, and he quickly looked up to find that quite the crowd had gathered. Esme looked absolutely thrilled, and he could tell that she knew what