Welcome to the first fanfic I have ever written alone. I have co-written a few with Nightmare723764 , but this is the first time I have not had that crutch. This story literally came to me in a dream… as in I was effectively Aidan in this situation. Obviously this is far more fleshed-out than my dream; but Hestia's adorableness has stayed consistent between the story and said dream. However, this does not mean that this is a self-insert story. I have made sure to avoid making this Self-insert. This will be a Family and Drama story with some Humour thrown into the mix, if I manage to stay consistent in my plan for this story anyway… I hope you enjoy. xO*Ox Prologue: Promises Hello, my name is Aidan Brandt; Canadian, Male, Caucasian, hazel eyes, long black hair, some Mighty Stubble™, 24 years old, manlet at 5 foot 2 inches, and I swear I didn't take any drugs today. Maybe the lack of drugs is the problem? I did never get tested after all… hmm… Nonetheless, I am hallucinating yet again. Yes, I said again; have you seen my hallucinations? They're fucking awesome! What with the mythological monsters 'n' shit. Except this time, I'm hallucinating that a little girl of no more than 8 years old and wearing a toga(?) is stoking a fire in the middle of my studio apartment. Mind you, it's in an old Greek Fire-Bowl thing I bought at a garage sale because it looked awesome, but I was never going to actually light it! I'm in an apartment building for gods' sake! Hopefully I'm hallucinating the fire too, otherwise I could get kicked out… welp, time to talk to my inner little-girl, I guess. This must be my punishment for having a weakness for cute things… ouch my man-card. "Hello, little girl… may I ask why you're trying to get me kicked out of my apartment for having a fire going? … Or I would be getting kicked out if the fire alarm was working…? Why isn't it going off right now?" I ask her and myself simultaneously. The girl turns to me, and looks surprised to see me there, before giving me a warm smile and replying, "Ah, do not worry. This isn't normal fire, so it creates no smoke. As for what I'm doing, well, your home was beginning to feel unwelcoming, so I decided to make it a warm place to live again." "… Was that a pun?" I ask tentatively. Since when am I clever enough to make puns? She giggled, "I suppose it was. Now, I suppose I have been a bit rude; entering your home without permission and not even introducing myself…" she began. "It's fine," I interrupted, "I'm Aidan Brandt, and as a hallucination, you're likely my inner little girl; where all my manliest of squeals come from." I finish, with a nod and manly harrumph. Once more she giggled, before teasing, "Oh my, I let your home get so unwelcoming that you hallucinate from loneliness? Perhaps I should visit more often." "Oh great, that's why I'm hallucinating? I'm lonely? Well thank you subconscious, for answering that question… now I just have to muster up all my flirting skills from the glorious age of Middle-School when I last had a girlfriend! What was that tried and true pick-up line again…? Oh, yes: 'I have a Nintendo 64 at home, with Mariokart and 2 controllers; wanna make out?', foolproof!" I declare with a flourish. And this time she actually laughed, though she stifled it quickly after a couple seconds, "Perhaps, but you can work on your pick-up lines at a later time… for now, it's time for me to introduce myself," She said, standing up and performing a curtsy, "I am Hestia, Goddess of Hearth, Home, and Family." "Wow… I could hear the capitalization on that title. And YES!" I exclaimed, "Best Goddess visited me!" 'Hestia' looked both embarrassed and pleased at that, "Best Goddess?" She asked, with a cute slightly confused pout and a tilt of the head. "Of Course," I reply before elaborating, "Any goddess willing to seek my lowly company is obviously the best goddess ever!" Hestia smiled warmly before asking with a slight teasing lilt, "Just goddesses? What if a god came to visit instead?" "A God? … I have some leftovers in the fridge about to go bad, they can have that." I drawled in deadpan. And once more I made the adorable hallucination – oops, 'Goddess' – giggle, if only I was this smooth with girls in real life, even just the little ones if their hot single moms were nearby. "Oh my, are you sure? They might just take offense to that." She asked with obvious mirth. "Bah, they'd forgive me once they taste my amazing half-rotten leftovers. They taste like heaven! And may just send you there too if you try eating the ones with black spots!" I declare with a fist-pump. "I'll keep that in mind in case I need an… interesting… travel method back to Olympus." 'Hestia' joked, amusement twinkling in her large adorable puppy-like eyes. Her help me if she ever actually uses puppy-dog eyes with those things. I nod my head sagely, before asking, "So, miss 'Goddess', mind if I assume you have all the answers to my questions should I ask them?" 'Hestia' hesitated, before nodding slowly, "I can try at the very least…?" "Alright, big one out of the way… why are all my hallucinations greek-mythology themed?" I asked, hoping my subconscious will actually answer and let me know. It's been bugging me for a while now, honestly. She frowned, before answering with her own question, "Are you absolutely sure you want to know? Those 'hallucinations' will be more likely to attack you know what they are, especially if you indicate in any way that you can see them…" I stop to think a bit on that. Being attacked by hallucinations in public? Fast way to be labeled crazy or a drug-addict, seeing as you would suddenly start dodging and running away from non-existent attacks. But at the same time, if I know what they are; perhaps I can defeat my 'inner monsters' so they stop bothering me! I know Linda from Customer Support is a fat bitch; but hallucinating that she's a cyclops at random times is a bit much… I nod before speaking with false surety, "I want to know, it would never stop bugging me otherwise, and my curiosity has been known to have me doing stupid shit like poking the big hairy snoring thing near camp… in my defence, that bear was balding enough to look like a particularly hairy lumberjack from behind, and I was half-asleep." Giggling for a split second before becoming serious again, 'Hestia' began, "Very well, I hope you do not regret this choice. What you need to understand is that almost all religions, mythology, and folklore in this world have at least some basis in reality. However, when faced with 'higher beings', Humans have a tendency to rely on them rather than solving their own problems… this results in stagnation of culture and civilization. During a meeting of the many pantheons of the world several millennia ago, it was decided to separate from the humans and leave them to their own devices… for the most part. To do this, Hecate, and various deities of Magic and/or Illusion from every pantheon came together and made the 'Mist'; an illusionary shroud that affects a being's 7 senses, including the spiritual and intuitive senses, that stops humanity from interacting the supernatural aspects of this world. "However, there are some humans like you, who are what we call 'Clear-Sighted'. A human is clear-sighted when they were a Demigod in their immediate past life. Demi-gods are naturally clear-sighted, and keep small aspects of their abilities in their next lives. Usually they only retain clear-sightedness, but occasionally they will keep other aspects as well. Reincarnated children of Hephaestus, for example, can be born as 'prodigies' at various crafts. This is actually why most Gods have demigods in the first place. While demigods tend to not live very long due to monsters hunting them, I'll get to that in a minute, their next lives tend to be the best leaders and innovators, and contribute the most to the progress of humanity; what the Mist was made to encourage in the first place. "Now, as for your 'hallucinations', they are the supernatural side of the world… mostly 'monsters' and 'demons'. There's no real difference between monsters and demons, aside from the pantheon they belong to. For now, I'll refer to both as 'Monsters'. Monsters love the taste of divine power, not to mention consuming Ichor makes them stronger, and since gods are too difficult of prey; they go after Demigods to eat them instead. Now, the problem is, Monsters have no real method of telling demigods and clear-sighted humans apart, so they simply eat any humans that they notice can see them. The reason why you mostly see Greek Monsters is simply due to the fact that you are currently closest to the Aesir and Olympian seats of power, and the Aesir have few Monsters small enough to roam cities. "This is why my telling you this is dangerous, because unless you are good at acting like everything is fine even when it's not, Monsters may notice you deliberately not looking at them. I like you, so I can bless your home as a safe-zone to hide from Monsters so long as you don't allow your hearth to go out, but that's all I can really do for you. Don't worry, I'll ensure the current smokeless flame stays when I leave." She finished her long explanation. I merely chuckled, "Wow, my mind can certainly come up with some elaborate story settings… maybe I should write a novel?" 'Hestia' merely sighed sadly, before walking over and placing her hands over my right one, "I'm so sorry…" was all she said, before pinching my hand. I gave out a slight yelp from the sudden unexpected pain, "Ow, what did you do that… for… hallucinations can't touch people or cause accurate pain, can they…?" I ask, worriedly. "Well… they technically can, but I doubt you are quite that crazy yet." She answers, injecting a bit of humour into the situation. My brain stalled, I don't know what to think, how to think, or when to think it… ah, shit, there it goes… and here comes the panic… As I started hyperventilating and shaking, Hestia pulled me down and hugged my head close to her chest and petting my head, "I'm sorry you had to learn this, it's terrible knowledge… but the ancient laws state that any human that asks about the truth of the Mist must be told of it so long as they wish for an answer. I'm sorry, so sorry." She said with a pitying tone. After a few minutes, I calmed down enough to speak again, "… Hestia?" "Hmm?" "If you're an actual Goddess, then wouldn't you be too busy maintaining your domains to stay at a random home like this for so long?" I ask, honestly curious as well as wanting to get my mind off things. "Actually, I don't need to go anywhere to complete my duties; it's simply boring to sit still all the time, so I make a point of visiting as many different homes as I possibly can. I just so happened to arrive at yours shortly before you came home today." She replied, once more giving that adorably warm smile. I stay quiet for a few seconds before replying, "I suppose that makes sense… hey, Hestia… can you do me a favour then?" I ask, hesitantly… Dear Hestia, I'm going to lose my man-card for this… The Hearth Goddess looked as though she was going to reply, before pausing bemusedly, and then giving me an amused glance. Crap,