Done For You Bella's P.O.V "You don't love me?" I asked breathlessly. I swayed lightly on my feet. I started feeling dizzy and I nearly toppled over from the shock. He wrapped his arms around my waist to support me. I fell into them for comfort. Was this some stupid joke? Could we all just laugh and go home? I expected him to embrace me but there was nothing. He only held me in his arms until I gained my bearings once again. I was in the woods behind my house and it was late at night. I heard Edward clear his throat and my head snapped up to his flawless face. "Bella, I never loved you. I pretended all this time. You're just not good enough for me to keep up this charade. I can't risk you being around our kind anymore. I'll even make it so it'll be like we never existed here." He seemed like he was silently laughing at me and mocking me with his golden eyes. I was hit full force with emotions. Jasper was wrong. I'm not worth it. Suddenly I understood. I'm Isabella Swan, the pathetic human who couldn't do anything right. Isabella Swan, the human who always needed protection, not only from other vampires, but also from herself. "You're too weak." The words hit me, and they hit me hard. I blinked back tears from my eyes as I stepped out of Edward's strong arms. I was begging him. Here I am again, acting like the damsel in distress. Can't I do anything right? "Then change me! Edward, please don't do this to me! Take me with you! You promised me in Phoenix, that you would never leave me! Was that a lie? Did Alice and the others leave?" My sadness suddenly turned into anger. I couldn't believe it. He's leaving me now? "I thought my staying was best for you but it's not." Edward sighed. He hugged me for once last time and I caught the last of his scent. "You're useless. I don't need you anymore and neither does the rest of my family. I don't want you. Go do what you pathetic humans do and just cry. I don't want to see you ever again. Now promise me one thing." "Anything." I vowed as tears trickled down my face until I couldn't see. My anger subsided. "Don't do anything reckless or stupid. Charlie needs you." "If that's what you want…" I fell to my knees as he turned around and ran without a second glance. My body went numb and I couldn't feel anything but the tears flowing from my eyes. He left me. My other half left me. Why? All I could do was scream out in agony, and that's what I did. I saw a nearby tree branch sticking out of the ground. The last year of my life was a lie. I cried out as I ran my wrist against the branch. Why am I such a screw up? I did it again and again, I started feeling dizzy as I saw the blood. I began to feel faint so I curled up in a ball on the ground. I couldn't go home. I looked at my house. It was visible. I was maybe five minutes away from it. I can't let Charlie see me like this. He deserves better. He doesn't need me. I'm worthless. I looked up when I heard footsteps. In an instant, three pairs of red eyes were looking down at me. Vampires. "You're the famous Isabella Swan aren't you?" The vampire girl had a sad expression as she looked me up and down. She looked young. Maybe about sixteen. Her eyes wandered to my wrist. She had red eyes. Maybe she would kill me and drain the blood from my body. I was shocked. None of the three vampires made a move to drain the blood from my body. None of them showed any signs of thirst. The boy with reddish brown hair looked sad as he watched the blood drip from my wrist. "I'm Jane Volturi. This is my mate, Demetri," she motioned to the tall blonde vampire with spiky hair. He looked like he was about nineteen. He had some muscles. He reminded me slightly of Jasper. I shook off my thoughts as I looked at Jane who continued to speak. "He did me the favor of tracking you down." She then motioned to the other vampire who was looking at me intensely. "This is my twin brother, Alec." I nodded. I then gasped. I was standing in front of three of the most dangerous vampires in existence. Carlisle told me stories about his time with the Volturi. Why are they in front of me now? Jane must have sensed my confusion. "Aro wants to see you. We have heard stories about you. He wants to meet you for himself." Jane's eyes darted to the blood on my wrist. I was too captivated by the three beautiful vampires that stood before me. Jane was short and had blonde hair tied back into a neat little bun. Her red eyes looked striking against her pale skin. They were bright even in the dark night sky, further emphasized by the pouring rain. She reminded me of a more dangerous Alice as they shared the same petite figure. "The Volturi? Is this a death sentence? If so, I'll gladly go." I responded looking down at my bloody wrist. My clothes were muddy and I didn't need a mirror to know that my eyes were red and puffy from crying. I was a mess. I felt disgusting and I didn't want to live anymore. I was hoping I'd just bleed out but now I might be killed by the vampire kings. Lovely. "If you died, Aro would be very unhappy." She gave me a look of sympathy. "You might want to clean up a little bit first." Jane sighed and grabbed my wrist and removed the scarf she was wearing and wrapped it around it. "I don't want my dad to see me like this," I muttered knowing she could hear me. "Is that your house?" she asked me motioning the white house that stood tall behind us. Edward had just taken me home since it was getting late after we hung out at our meadow. I noticed that he was acting strange. He didn't even kiss me anymore. I had no idea he was going to break up with me. "Yes." "No one's home. Demetri, Alec, guard the private jet. See that there are no intruders. I'm referring to the mutts." Jane said in a monotone voice. I stared at Alec. He got ready to break off in a run. He paused, making eye contact with me before dashing off with Demetri at his side. Jane picked me up and carried me and jumped through the window to my room. I pulled some random clothes out of my dresser and walked into the bathroom to shower. I cleaned off my cuts and winced at the hot water running against it. It wasn't the first time I did it. This was the first time someone found out besides Carlisle. After that was done, I wrote a note to Charlie, telling him I was leaving and such. I walked back into my room and Jane had a duffel bag packed with all my clothes and necessities. Jane wrinkled her nose at my outfit. I was wearing a plain black t-shirt and grey skinny jeans along with converse. I was comfortable. "We are so going shopping. Let's go." She gave me a wink before throwing me over her shoulder and jumping out my window. I looked at the house as it grew smaller and smaller. I sighed sadly. I guess this is goodbye. We ran to the private jet which was somewhere in a clearing in the woods. That made no sense to me. Vampires, fuck logic. Jane handed my bag to Alec and passed me off to Demetri. "By the way Isabella-..." "Bella," I said softly. Jane nodded and continued. "Okay then Bella, Aro has a gift that allows him to read any thought you've ever had with physical contact." Jane explained. I nodded and looked at her wearily. She must have saw the drowsiness in my eyes when she took me to a small room in the back of the jet. It was a small white room with a bed. "Rest up. When you wake up, we'll probably be in Volterra." She turned and walked out, bidding me a goodnight. I didn't know when I fell asleep. I woke up with three worried vampires standing over me. I realized I was crying when the silent Alec asked me what was wrong. I put my hands over my eyes and continued crying. Alec cocked his head to the side and wrapped his arms around me. "I'm sorry… I just…" My throat constricted. I couldn't breathe. Alec reached over and grabbed a bottle of water from a small fridge. I didn't even notice there was one there. I nodded my thanks and took a sip. "What made you upset?" Alec asked me. "Memories of what happened yesterday." I put the bottle down. "I also had a really bad flashback." I buried my face in Alec's chest. He rubbed my back in a soothing manner. "I'll tell everyone when we get to Volterra." I paused and looked him in the eyes. They were still red. I looked at Jane and Demetri who stood in the doorway awkwardly. Their eyes were still red too. "You aren't bothered by my scent?" I raised an eyebrow. Demetri chuckled. "Hell no! Sure you do smell good," Jane slapped him before he finished. "But we have no desire to eat you or anything." Demetri winked at me. I blushed slightly. "The Cullens were always bothered by my scent though. Minus Carlisle," I responded. Demetri then had a full-out laughing attack causing Jane and Alec to chuckle too. "That's because those idiots starve themselves on what they need to survive. They're a whole lot weaker than us." Demetri smirked. Alec seemed to have noticed that I was calm now so he released me from his arms. He still sat next me. So these vampires were not going to eat me no matter what. Shit. "We're here," Jane said. She turned and walked through the doorway. In Volterra already? How long did I sleep? It doesn't matter. It was a beautiful city from what I saw. It would be a wonderful place to die. Alec lifted me up in his arms. "Wow, you're very light unsurprisingly." He smiled at me. A real genuine smile. His eyes glanced to my wrist but he didn't say anything. Shit. I didn't cover it up. "What are you trying to say?" I joked. "I happen to eat vampires for breakfast." "Whoa. Let's see you try that puny human." We both laughed. "Oh it's on!" I got into a dumb boxing position. "Sorry to interrupt but Aro wants an audience. Bella, meet up with Demetri. I'm going with Alec," Jane said and walked to her brother. She linked arms with him as they elegantly strutted down the steps of the plane. I followed and I jumped off the last step and tripped over thin air. Demetri caught me. "Clumsy, aren't we?" He threw me onto his back and ran to the Volturi's castle. A man who reminded me of Emmett and a short petite girl came to greet us. They both were wearing red cloaks that hid their skin from the sun. Jane and Alec ran into the castle before anyone noticed while Demetri took his time. There were humans around but they paid him no mind. "Hello. I'm Heidi and this is my mate, Felix. Aro is delighted to meet you. Come. This way." Demetri carried me through a long hallway with Heidi leading us to a