Category : Twilight AU Summary : After the non-battle with the Volturi, Leah'd had enough of seeing all the happy couples and left. Things changed while she was gone, and Jacob set out to find her and try to convince her to go back. Written for Silverfires and the 2016 BiT Awards on BetterinTexasFiction. Title : He Came to Take Her Home Author : GeezerWench Characters / Pairing : Leah, Jacob Genre : hurt/comfort, humor, some angst Rating : T Beta/Pre-Reader : n/a Banner by : GeezerWench Words : 4190 Prompt/inspiration : the 2016 BiT Awards and Silverfires who wanted a Blackwater. Complete Disclaimer : Derivative work. I make no money. A/N : Silverfires wanted me to write a Blackwater. That was a challenge. Then along came the 2016 BiT Awards on Better in Texas Fiction. I thought I could give Silver her Blackwater *and* make an entry in the contest. ~0~0~0~ . "Come home with me, Leah." The sleek, silver-furred female wolf growled lowly and paced back and forth over the rocky terrain, her tail swishing back and forth in an agitated manner. Jacob didn't have to hear words or be in her mind to know her answer was no . He stood naked before her, but that wasn't what bothered him. Even though her tail was wagging, he could tell by the sharp glint in her deep amber eyes if he took one more step toward her he'd regret it. As a wolf, he was bigger and heavier—quite a bit stronger—but she was just that much faster. And that's all it would take for her to get her teeth in his throat. He didn't think she'd kill him, but he wasn't one hundred percent sure. He knew how she felt when she'd left. While in their Spirit Warrior forms, he had been submerged in her rage. He knew the depths of her pain, and the struggle with the ache of loss—the guilt that crept in around the edges of almost every thought, or ambushed from dark corners. Her lover Sam had imprinted on her cousin Emily. She had felt betrayed and abandoned. Then she had phased into a wolf, and her father had had a heart attack. She thought she may as well have plunged a knife into his chest. Jacob knew the guilt ate at her. When she had seen how Sam had been captured by the imprint, doubly held hostage by their gods, she had known there wasn't anything he could do about it. It wasn't his fault. That was when more guilt overtook her. He knew why she had left. She'd been gone long enough. He'd come to take her home. Pulling the ragged cut-off sweats from his leg, he yanked them on. Knowing he was finally getting closer to Leah, he'd stolen the shorts and an extra-extra-large T-shirt from an unattended clothesline. It had taken months and months for him to chase her down, and after his humiliatingly long temper tantrum back when Bella had agreed to marry the leech, he knew clothes didn't hold up well to the abuse of being tied to a wolf's leg. He hadn't brought any with him. He felt bad about stealing, but he didn't have much choice if he didn't want to be naked. He knew well how Leah felt about it. "You've been gone a long time. I brought you a gift." He tossed the wadded up T-shirt toward her. "I stole it just for you." The feeble attempt at some humor fell flat. The only reply was a set of wickedly sharp fangs snapping shut. He dropped to the ground, crossing his legs and resting his elbows on his knees. He was so tired; he could hardly hold his head up. He didn't even try. He propped his forehead on his hand and closed his eyes. "Leah, I know how you feel about being a wolf. I know what it's like to lose a parent." At her angry yelp, he amended his statement. "Well, my mom died in a car crash. She didn't have a heart attack right in front—" Leah's snarl made his ears ring. Not looking up at her because he didn't want to see the animosity in her eyes, he whispered. "I know. It's not the same." He sighed wearily. "The whole time I was tracking you, I was wondering what I could say to get you to come back. I still don't have any idea. I'll just tell you what's been going on, okay?" His hand slid down his face and he looked cautiously through his fingers at her. Leah had leapt up onto a large boulder and was staring down at him. Her heated gaze had cooled somewhat, and when she lay down; Jacob took that as permission to speak. Maybe she was lonely enough to listen. It had been years since she left. At least she wasn't going to rip him into dog chow just yet. He scooted backward until he could lean back against the trunk of a large pine. As much humanity as they retained in their wolf form, looking directly at her would still make her uncomfortable. His head dropped back and he stared up into the boughs above him. "First, I want to say I'm sorry I didn't come looking for you right after you left. I was so wrapped up in … stuff , I barely even thought about you. I'm sorry." He closed his eyes again. "Seth wanted to go after you, but I alpha ordered him and told him he couldn't. About a year after you left, he met his imprint in Seattle." Leah blew out a loud, wetly rude snort that time. It wasn't like he, or anyone else, wasn't aware of Leah's opinion of imprinting. He ignored the comment . "We'd gone there to the movies—it was far enough away from Forks we thought nobody would recognize any of the Cullens." At Leah's fresh growl, Jacob thought he'd better move the story along. "Anyhow, Seth goes up to pay for his ticket and bingo , the girl taking the money was his imprint. Her name is Wanda and she just loves Seth so damn much." He could almost hear Leah's who wouldn't? "Um, they had a kid—a girl—and named her Marcy Leah. Yeah, you're an aunt." Jacob chuckled lightly. "Old Quil wasn't real happy about Wanda being half Native American and half African American, but when he saw that little baby … She totally has him wrapped around her finger. It's disgusting." Jacob's smile widened. "As soon as Seth turned eighteen, they got married. He must have had a power surge or something on the honeymoon. Nine months later they had another little girl. They named her April Dawn. So, you're an aunt again. Your mom is thrilled." Jacob didn't even need to see Leah. He could just about feel her longing and sadness. She'd always wanted kids of her own. Sam phasing into a wolf had certainly destroyed a big part of her dreams. Then she turned into a wolf and it was thought all hope was lost. Jacob rubbed at his forehead and his arm flopped back to his lap. "You know your mom and Charlie were going to get married, right? Well, they did. Charlie treats Seth's kids like they were his own grandchildren. Everybody is excited about the next one." Leah's sharp intake of breath cut off his words. Apparently, he hadn't mentioned Wanda was expecting again. "Uh, she's pregnant again. Though I guess she's had the baby by now. It was going to be another girl." Jacob refused to look at Leah. He didn't think he could bear the pain he'd see in her eyes. She loved her brother and wanted him to be happy, but … Jacob dropped his chin to his chest and squeezed his eyes shut. "Leah, I thought you'd want to know. I'm sure the baby is healthy. The others have been great. And they're so strong and cute and—" "What about your imprint, Alpha Black? Any wolf- vamp babies in your life?" Hearing Leah speak, Jacob practically jumped out of his skin. He hadn't even heard her phase or jump down from the boulder. Warily, he turned his head toward her too-close voice. He didn't know what he'd expected, but Leah was just as stunning as she'd always been. Her thick, dark hair was past her shoulders again, and she hadn't aged a day. With such long hair, he briefly wondered why her wolf fur wasn't shaggy. The T-shirt he'd brought only had a few holes in it from his teeth, and it almost reached her knees. She looked pretty damn good in it. Out of the blue, he heard one of Quil's stupid old pick-up lines slither through his head: do you realize that under these clothes, I am completely naked? He was suddenly extremely aware of the fact of Leah's nudity under the stolen shirt and forced his mind away from that dangerous territory The corner of her lip curled up in a smirk and she propped her hand on her hip. "Didn't you hear me? What about your imprint? To find me, you must have been looking a long time. How can you stand to be away from her?" Scratching absently at his arm, he sighed as their gazes met. "The imprint … broke." Leah's mouth fell open and she gaped at him. Jacob shrugged. "I'm not sure what happened, but it just went away." Frowning, Leah crossed her arms over her chest. "Is that why you came after me? You're all broken hearted so you thought we'd start our own lonely hearts club in the wilderness?" "No. I missed you, Leah." He peered up at her. "I don't know what happened. And I'm not broken hearted. It didn't even hurt. I barely noticed it. It just … ended ." Leah rolled her eyes in an exaggerated movement. "I'll bet his royal highness, Prince Edward, was ecstatic about that." She stomped over toward Jacob, and his eyes were fixated on her hands as she smoothed the shirt down over the rounded curve of her butt, and dropped to the ground next to him. She leaned against the tree he was using as a back rest. "What happened?" Maybe he'd been in the woods alone too long, but she sounded a little sympathetic. "Wellll," he drew the word out, unsure how to start. "Uh, you know how you told me your monthly stopped after you phased?" "You can call it a 'period,' Jake. We're grown-ups now, but, yeah. What does that have to do with anything?" Her shoulder pushed his. "When Nessie was about five, she had her first period. According to Bella, it all seemed normal—like a human girl—except she was only five years old." Jacob shook his head. "I had thought that maybe things would … change between us when she became …" "Are you blushing? I think you're blushing!" Leah had twisted around to look directly in his face and started giggling. "So, Nessie all grown up and…?" "And nothing." There was a low growl to Jacob's voice. Leah sat back against the tree again with a huff. "She was maturing like a human? Growing taller, getting boobs and what? You didn't notice? I thought the whole point behind imprinting was making more puppies. Or, in your case, vuppies ," she ended with a grumble. "At least that's what Sam had said. Evidently, Seth and Wanda are fulfilling the destiny ordained by the gods." "There may be something to that," Jacob admitted. "I noticed Ness growing and … developing … but it made no difference to me. I mean, it didn't mean anything. I didn't want—dammit!" He scrambled to his feet and gripped his short hair with both hands. "This just isn't coming out right." Leah looked up at him, one eyebrow raised. "Just spit it out, Jake. Whatever it is, you can tell me.