10/25/2014 Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: In case you haven't heard, BetterinTexas started up his own site to post his fanfiction and original fiction. It's called BetterinTexasFiction. You can find it by Googling. He and his eternal love have been working hard on it, and it's looking pretty good. He's invited others to join him. Being a BetterinTexas fanbroad, I decided to give it a go. Why not, right? Quite a lot of different fandoms are represented and there's been some original fiction posted, too. Took a while for me to figure it out, but thought I'd try and post a story over there. I chose Peaches because it's one of the more popular ones. Actually managed to post it. Meanwhile, Mr. and Mrs. BetterinTexas mentioned it'd be nice to have some Halloween-y type stories. Of course, I couldn't think of anything. Then it hit me. They got it first, and now you all are getting it. I hope you like it. Yeah, I know this title has been used before. Those of you following I Live … I've been floundering and struggling with chapter 59. Got about 6k words, and I'm working hard to punch it up, flesh it out, and make it not suck. Now, on with the story. Beta: happyghost (She beta'd the hell into this story.) Speaking of happyghost ... she's got a bit of Halloween Jasper-candy for ya! Give it a read! How A Vampire Got His Fangs 5459 words. "ish" °º¤ø,¸¸, Tell-Tale Heart ,¸¸,ø¤º° . It had been sixty years since they had seen their youngest, yet eldest, son. Of their adopted "children", Edward had been the one who had seemed to require actual mothering. The others—Rosalie, Emmett, and Jasper—had all been turned at the point when they were young adults—at the beginning of fulfilling their roles in their societies. At the cusp of adulthood, but all whose human lives had been cut short. Sweet Alice retained no memories of her human life, but Esme had always thought it had been for the best. Would Alice have been the same happy, caring person she had become if she'd remembered her father had hired a man to murder her mother? If she could actually recall her time in the asylum? She had been the beacon that brought light to Jasper's dark, death-filled life. Whereas Edward had practically been snatched from his mother's bosom—a doted upon child filled with visions of the glory of war, it had all ended in the dismal, disease-ridden hospital ward where he laid in a delirious fever next to his dying mother. Her last request: that Carlisle take her beloved boy and save him. Even at the age of seventeen, Esme had often thought over the years that he had been too young. The world-shattering circumstances surrounding his death had altered him—seemingly more so than the others. She had been drawn to him. He had been a boy that needed a mother, and she had been a mother that needed a son. Offering her quiet support and encouragement, he had basked in her praise, and then returned to his own solitary thoughts and pursuits. In the grand scheme of things, half a century was not such a long span of time, but to Esme, six decades was a third of her life. As it was Edward's. He had been absent from his family for a long time. As the forests, flatlands, hills, and small towns sped past their car's darkened windows, Esme reached for Carlisle's hand. She knew he had been concerned by Edward's continued silence, but in Carlisle's long life, perhaps sixty years was not so many to him. It equaled only a small portion of his time on the earth. Eventually, Randall, an old friend, had called and informed Carlisle he had come upon a familiar scent. It was faded, but he had been sure it was Edward's. It took them several days to track down Jasper and Alice. Alice had not been her usual cheerful self for so long, the pair had decided one day to visit Russia, and even with the exponential growth of technology, there were still dead spots where cell phones didn't get a signal. Esme hadn't been too worried about them, even though they'd been gone ten years. She knew Jasper and Alice would take care of each other, and Russia was a big country. They had declined the request to join the Cullens to investigate. Esme hadn't known if Alice had seen something and refused to tell them or not. Perhaps Alice hadn't wanted to be disappointed by another false lead. Over the years, Alice's visions had decreased. Esme thought that might have been a part of the reason behind their decision to travel like nomads for a time. After all, ten years, even to Esme, wasn't so very long. She felt Carlisle's fingers brush over her hand. "We're nearly there, darling. It should be just up ahead." She turned to her husband, and as always, smiled at his gentle, handsome face. "I know how you've missed him. Hopefully, the scent isn't too old, and Emmett will be able to track him." "I am hopeful, Esme. It's been a long time. It would have eased my mind if he had contacted us every now and then, but after Bella's death …" He gripped her hand more tightly, brought it to his lips, and softly kissed her fingers. "I know, Carlisle. We should have never left her, but Edward was convinced what he was doing was right." Esme sighed sadly. "You know, once he gets an idea into his head …" "And Edward frequently complained that Rosalie was always so bullheaded and tenacious." Carlisle smiled fondly, but it was tinged with sorrow. He decelerated as he approached a barely perceptible break in the line of trees, and turned down the unkempt paved drive. Glancing in the rear view mirrors, they could both see that Emmett and Rosalie weren't far behind. "So this is the famed Neverland Ranch? It must have really been something back in its day," Esme commented, glancing around when they had reached an open area. "According to the tabloids." Carlisle raised an eyebrow. "Who could have guessed one of Edward's holding companies was one that had bought into it so many years ago?" He sighed wearily. "It took time and quite a bit of digging, but Emmett and Rosalie discovered Edward was also behind other companies that owned shares—eventually owning it outright." Carlisle placed Esme's hand on his thigh and gave it a pat. "Randall said he caught Edward's scent near a walled area hidden in the foothills. I'm grateful he sent me the coordinates. It is quite an extensive piece of property, so we'll begin there." The vehicles entered another small outcropping of trees—limbs and branches obscuring the dirt road that was barely more than a path. At last, they came to a small clearing and parked beside each other in front of a wide, rusted, wrought iron gate attached to a ten-foot wall. The stone wall went to the right and left, disappearing into the trees and scrub brush. Emmett and Rosalie walked up and stood beside Esme and Carlisle in front of the massive two-part gate. It was chained and securely locked, though that wouldn't be a deterrent to vampires or determined humans. Emmett crossed his arms and cocked his head as he peered through the decorative iron vines and scrollwork. "Can't see anything from here. Too many trees. Do we break the lock or jump over?" "There's no need to cause damage," Carlisle said, raising his hand to Emmett. "These gates look rather old and as if they haven't been moved in quite a while." "Just thought I'd ask. So where's the rides and the animals? I thought Michael Jackson had, like, an amusement park here and shit." "In the controversy surrounding his financial status and death, many assets were sold off and removed. I'm surprised that, over the years, the entire property has remained intact." Carlisle ran his hand down Esme's arm and drew her close. "But if Edward has been behind it all, and has stayed here periodically, I'm sure he would have wanted to keep all the acreage to ensure privacy." Rosalie blew out a quiet breath. "Somehow, it doesn't surprise me in the least that Edward, the boy who never grew up, would own property that once belonged to a man who idolized Peter Pan." "Now that ya mention it …" Emmett murmured thoughtfully. "I always liked the Jackson Five better anyway. The little dude grew up and got really strange." "He wasn't the only one that got a little strange ." Rosalie said with derision. "Now, Rose," Esme said in a chastising tone. "You know how distraught he was after learning Bella had jumped from that cliff. I … I've missed her so much … as we all have. It was such a tragedy. I feel sure it's why Alice and Jasper have been wandering through Russia as nomads." "Stinkin' rich nomads with designer haversacks and dungarees." Emmett shook his head. "Edward shoulda just changed her. Idiot." He grunted. "Damn. Sometimes I really miss that girl. She'd have made a great vampire. Imagine her tripping and falling off of mountains." "Speaking of strange …" Rosalie began, her voice fading out as she stepped closer to the gate. "Has anyone else noticed how the vines are bent into the shape of two swans facing each other? And look at the leaves!" She darted forward. "Some of them are swans!" Esme also thought it was rather unusual and looked to Carlisle. His brow was furrowed slightly, but he didn't comment on the odd coincidence. He merely extended his hand toward the gates and said, "Shall we?" After easily leaping the stone wall, they walked cautiously along the graveled road, listening and sniffing the air, hoping to catch Edward's scent. They reached another clearing and all came to a standstill at the sight before them. Encircled by what once might have been very extensive flower gardens was a three-story brick Victorian house. Eyes wide, Esme perused the house, weed-filled gardens, and the lawn that had been left to go wild. "No one has been here for quite a while, but I'm sure it was once lovely." Emmett gestured toward the house. "It actually reminds me of one of those English cottage gardens with all the stone paths and flowers, even though it's full of weeds. Somebody took the time to plant all this stuff and then just left it?" "It's almost like a desert here." Rosalie took a few steps forward. "How could all of this grow? A lot of these plants need more rain than it gets here." "Underground sprinkler system," Esme explained. "Look at the roof. Those are solar panels. As efficient as they've become, those wouldn't be enough to run such a large house. There are probably more behind it. You can hardly see it through the trees, but there's a Dutch windmill farther up the hill. Maybe it was for wind power. It wouldn't have been impossible to have run underground power lines." "Great way to stay off the grid and hide." Emmett was nodding. "Always liked Victorians with their bump-outs and spires." Carlisle wrapped his arm around her shoulders. "Do you see it, Esme? This house is very like Edward's childhood home." "Do you think he built it?" Rosalie wrapped her arms around herself tightly. "Okay, I mean, there are probably lots of red brick Victorians with slate blue trim, but this is getting a little peculiar. Even for Edward. Do we knock? Do we just go inside? I don't smell him anywhere." "Take it easy, babe."