Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: Welp, this is my first wolf pack story. Wrote it for a contest over in Tricky Raven. Not following the Saga timeline precisely, of course. Bella knows about the wolves, but she's only seen Sam and Jacob since they all phased. Hope you all like it. -:¦:-:¦:-:¦:- 3rd Place Tie Winner in the Tricky Raven Under the Mistletoe contest 2013 -:¦:-:¦:-:¦:- Group Name: Under the Mistletoe-FF Title: Where Are You, Christmas? Author: GeezerWench Pairing: Bella / Embry Genre: Drama / AU Rating: T (language) Summary : It's the first Christmas since the Pack was formed by the Spirit Warriors, but the holiday spirit hasn't made itself known. Perhaps a little food, a little garland, and a little sprig of mistletoe will help *all* the pack members find the spirit of Christmas. Beta/prereader: happyghost Complete Inspiration for this one-shot: Where Are You,Christmas by Faith Hill -:¦:-•:*'"*:•.-:¦:- -:¦:-•:*'"*:•.-:¦:- -:¦:-•:*'"*:•.-:¦:- Where Are You, Christmas? Jacob was draping blue and silver garland along the wide opening between the kitchen and living room and paused to peruse his friend Bella who was sitting at the small kitchen table. For him—she had always been more than just a friend. While he surreptitiously peeked at her, she tugged at her oversized, blue plaid, flannel shirt, pulling it more tightly around her as if she were cold, before she resumed the task of cutting lengths of silver curling ribbon. Jacob finished tacking up the garland and returned to the table for the next bundle. He absently hummed along with the music coming from his dad's old radio in the living room as he picked at the gnarled mass. Quickly becoming frustrated with his inability to untangle the shiny glob he'd found in the attic, Jacob wadded it into a ball, set up his shot, and lobbed the glittery disaster into the trash can next to the refrigerator. He reached into the bowl of popcorn sitting on the table, scooped up a large handful, and shoved it into his mouth. His eyes were drawn to Bella again as she began to tie the silvery ribbons around the handles of the five little, blue gift bags they had put together for his pack-mates. From her pale hands, Jacob's eyes traveled to the long brown hair that hung listlessly around her gaunt face. "This popcorn sucks," he complained, wiping the crumbs off on his T-shirt. "Where's the gobs of butter and salt?" Bella quickly glanced up at him and went back to tying and curling the ribbons. "You're supposed to string it, not eat it." "Screw that. Around here, we don't waste food by decorating with it." He grinned at Bella and reached into the plastic tub beside the table. He pulled out an old, fake, pine-bough wreath, and rummaged around until he found the wreath hanger his family had used for years. He carried the red-painted, chipped hanger and ratty wreath out to the front porch and shook them, trying to dislodge some of the dust. One of the pine cones on the wreath came off and bounced across the porch, but it didn't seem to matter. It was still a wreath. He placed the hanger over the door, pulled the door closed, and hung the faded greenery. It had seen better days, but it was still sort of festive, even with the crumpled red bow. Sadly, it reminded him of Bella. She was certainly faded and seemed to be missing something, too. Like he had for months, he wouldn't give up—he'd keep trying. As he went to fetch the errant pine cone and work the wrinkles out of the bow, he thought over their day. He and Bella had spent the better part of it Christmas shopping and preparing food, though the shopping part hadn't really taken long. He and Bella were more of the search-and-destroy-complete-the-mission type of shoppers; not the ogle-and-touch-every-damn-thing-in-the-friggin'-store type. Jacob had lured her from her house, under the guise of needing her help to pick out a small gift for each of his fellow pack members. They had stopped by a little boutique touting handcrafted items, and Jacob had thought that the little lumps of black soap, resembling coal, would be a funny thing to give his brothers. While they were in the little shop, Bella had even picked up a few bars of handmade soap for her weird mother. Delighted, his deep brown eyes had lit up at her purchase. To be honest, Jacob was grasping at straws. He was desperate to find something—anything—that could be a sign of the old Bella returning. He would take what he could get, even if it was a couple bars of vegan, patchouli-scented soap for Renee. Then Bella did something even more shocking. She had stopped by the gift wrap display and actually suggested they should buy the celestial print gift bags. Bella lifted the bags. "Moons. Werewolves. Get it?" she had said. Such a small thing, but it had Jacob feeling really hopeful for the first time in months. But then the light died in her eyes once again. Her shoulders sagged, and she shuffled toward the cashier as if the weight of the little hand-sewn gift bags and package of silvery tissue paper in her hands were more than she could bear to carry. He hated to see her like that. Her hair was dull, her eyes were dull, her whole … self was dull, colorless, washed out; like the driftwood on First Beach. It was as if, when Cullen left her, he took the essence—the spirit —of Bella and tore it away. The leech hadn't drained her blood, but he had sucked the very life right out of her. Back when Jacob had phased for the first time, and learned unequivocally that the legends of the spirit warriors were indeed true—not just fairytales—he had wanted—more than anything—to imprint on Bella. Like Sam had imprinted on Emily and Jared had found his mate in Kim. Despite Sam phasing in a rage and accidentally scarring Emily, she had forgiven him and both young women had blossomed under the loving attention of their imprinted wolves. Jacob felt that if he could somehow imprint on Bella, and she could feel the security of really knowing he would never leave her, she would get better and be like she used to be—before Cullen. It hadn't happened, no matter how hard Jacob had wished for it. He had tried to console himself with the fact that the legends all stated that imprinting was rare, and he still had her as his friend. Another thing that Jacob hoped for was that the Cullens never return to Forks. He wished they would run their cold, undead asses, as far from La Push as they could get. None of them had bitten Bella, but there were other ways to cause harm to a human. It was because of them his best friend was nearly lifeless, and the wolf gene of their ancestors had been awakened, burdening him and his pack-mates with the mixed blessing of the wolf spirit. "Mixed blessing" was the nicest way to put it. Of course, it had changed them all. Physically, they all looked like they were twenty-five-years-old and worked out at the gym every day, and yet none of them were over twenty. Sam was the oldest at nineteen, and Jacob happened to be the youngest at fifteen. It had caused changes in their personalities, too. Initially, each one of them had been terrified and when they realized what they had become, they were beaten down under the crushing weight of it all. Their dreams, no matter how big or small, had been ripped apart and smashed to pieces. It had taken some time, but eventually the young wolves had banded together, bonded with each other, and came to accept it was their destiny to be the protectors of their homes and families. They were the ones who were deemed most capable of defending their land against creatures who were indestructible. Indestructible except when they faced the Quileute spirit wolves. All of the boys had had to grow up. They had all become a little more thoughtful and circumspect. They had also become a little more hot-headed. Though with Paul, it was hard to tell since he always seemed to be pissed off. Even Quil had moments, fleeting as they were, when he took his job seriously. The biggest change amongst the wolves had been in Embry. The closer it got to Christmas, the worse he became. He'd never been as loud or boisterous as Jacob and their friend Quil, but he'd always had a smile on his face, and was up for pretty much anything the boys had wanted to do. Then he had phased, and his ready smile and quietly playful manner were gone. Not that they'd talked about it, but Jacob had figured his friend's somber mood wasn't all about being a wolf. He honestly thought it had more to do with Embry not knowing who his father was. Too many times Jacob had caught the stray, quickly buried thought in Embry's mind, who did this to me? Obviously, it was someone who carried the wolf gene. But who? It could have been Sam's piece-of-shit father or even Jacob's own dad. He hated to even consider it, and the thought twisted Jacob's stomach. It would have meant his father had cheated on his mother not long before Jacob had been conceived. Embry's mother had never told him, so he'd grown up without a dad; without someone to potentially help guide him. Without someone to blame. Each and every one of them had railed and growled and snarled at or about their parents and ancestors for cursing them. Slowly, bit by bit, it had gotten better as they came to terms with their wolves, and garnered the respect and support of their immediate families and the tribe's council. Except for Embry. He was always in trouble with his mother for sneaking out of the house and breaking his curfew because of the patrols he couldn't tell her about. Jacob wondered if maybe she had accused him of being like his father. But she still wouldn't tell him who he was. Embry couldn't tell her his secret, and she refused tell him hers. Jacob wondered who she was trying to protect—her son, herself, or the man who had knocked her up and left her to raise their son alone. The most profound change Jacob had seen in anyone because of the goddamned Cullens was in Bella. When that fucking Edward Cullen had left her in the woods, he'd left her alive, but that was all she was. It was like she was hollow inside. She didn't seem to care about anything anymore. It broke Jacob's heart because she had always been one of the most compassionate people he had ever known. It was also because of the Cullen's negligence the red-headed female leech was still out there somewhere. The good thing about being a shape-shifting wolf was that he and his pack would take care of her. Eventually. They'd had no problem getting rid of the bloodsucker with the dreadlocks. Jacob shook his head to rid himself of those depressing thoughts. It was Christmas, though he'd been questioning whether he should even make the effort to celebrate. He'd do it for Bella. He'd do it for his pack-mates. He had to try. They were supposed to be happy. The guys were coming over for a little pack get together—their first Christmas since becoming wolves—and they were going to do one of their favorite things—eat. Giving one last tug at the velvety bow, Jacob nodded and smiled. It wasn't perfect.