In the Twilight-Verse: Over on Tumblr, I follow a blog called panlight . I may be erroneously assuming the person behind it is a female, but I'll go with it. She writes rather thought-provoking commentary on Twilight when asked a question or when the topic comes up. Well, thought-provoking if one is interested in Twilight. Today, 01/18/2014, I read yet another interesting commentary by panlight. It provoked some thoughts. I'm a simple gal—unlearned and barely educated—and I decided to blather and spout off my simple thoughts. What she wrote is entitled On Mates , posted about two months ago. It popped up on my dashboard today. Panlight * tumblr * com / post / 66110453445 / on-mates (change the asterisks to dots, remove spaces.) Mates, mates, and MATES. My interpretation and theories concerning the phenomenon, based on what Meyer has written, however warped it may be, including why I (and so many others) think there's a "true Mate" as opposed to just a "mate." I will differentiate between the two by capitalizing the "special" one. There can be more than one mate, and I also think there could be more than one Mate. Though by this time in my life my hopes have been dashed, I am still a romantic at heart and believe in soul mates, twin souls, the two-halves-joining-to-make-a-whole. Though I do tend toward the soul mate thing and think there could possibly (and probably) be more than one a vamp (or even a human) could be truly happy with. The pair fitting together better with each other than with any other possible combination. Gee, just like Stephenie Meyer, despite what she has said in interviews. She may deny it, but it's not what the four books, Midnight Sun, back stories, outtakes, and all suggest. She has said that vampires don't imprint quite like the Quileute shape shifters do, and that they can fall in and out of love just like humans do. However, she contradicts herself when she implies there are special Mates and there is the possibility that a vampire could have more than one, though it would be unlikely. Not impossible, just unlikely. Which does not exclude vampires falling in love, being in love, or loving, one or more partners over their (presumably) long lives; whether the partner is human or vampire. Panlight said in her post: "There isn't some magical moment where they see someone and instinctively know they are their mate." In this, panlight seems to agree with Meyer. Stephenie Meyer may have pooh-poohed this idea of Mates, but she implies the opposite with her stories and examples of Mated pairs. She says vampires fall in love, but they don't fall out. Not true. I shall ramble since I don't know how to write an organized anything. Who can forget Bella's devastating depression and months-long hallucinatory zombieness after Edward dumped her? I mean, really. I'd say most folks feel worthless and inadequate after getting dumped by the so-called love of their life. But Bella's was so much more . Nothing that terrible had ever happened to anyone before. Right? *snort* Of course, Bella thought she and Edward were special, but they were no more special than anyone else. Anyways … this would imply that Meyer thinks there are Mates in addition to mates. Bella and Edward were meant to be together and could not survive without each other. Edward, too, was devastated; moping, whining, and running around searching for Victoria. What was he going to do with her once he found her? Slap her? Tell her to quit it? Cry on her shoulder? Commiserate with her loss? No. He was going to kill her. A rather vampire-y thing to do, eh? Why? To protect his "one and only" love. When he heard that Bella jumped off the cliff and died, he went to attempt suicide by vampire. Well, he didn't have anyone to kill since Bella allegedly killed herself so he was going to kill himself. He just didn't have the balls to walk into a fire himself. Not immature or melodramatic enough for him, I guess. He could have done that in secret. Going to the Volturi made sure people (vampires) would know about his final, grand gesture for love. And propagating the myth that vampires can have only one Mate. Had Aro killed him, he certainly wouldn't have had the opportunity to run across another. Vampire King Marcus has mourned the loss of his Didyme for centuries. Perhaps, initially, he was one of the lucky ones in finding his "true other half" or his Mate in Didyme. After her death, and despite coming in contact with thousands of vampires and humans, he has not found another love. Once he found the real thing, no one else could compare. With these examples, it is implied there is only ever one special Mate and there can be no other. But, it's more likely due to those very strong vampire emotions, and they react by striking out at other vampires and getting themselves killed. Instead of giving themselves a chance to get the hell over it, or finding another vamp to drown their sorrows in. Well, the males who have lost their Mate fall to pieces. The females get pissed off and kick ass. I think Marcus had found his soul mate and there could be no other for him because he didn't look. It could also be due to his basic personality. I'm depressed, I'm gonna be depressed, I will always be depressed, and you can't make me be different. He and Edward could have been best buds. Think about Garrett for a moment. I'd have to say most of us would assume he was not a 200-year-old virgin; him being a wild nomad and all. But, wait … wasn't he one of Carlisle's "civilized" friends? Anyhow, Garrett shows up to check out the hum-vamp baby, takes one look at Kate and *BAM* Garrett and the succubus Kate are both off the Vampire Free-Love market. Back to Marcus. He never got over the loss of his beloved Mate. This could be due, in part, to Meyer's "thing" about vampires being unchanging and "frozen." I happen to believe she contradicts herself again with this premise. She likes to say vampires are unchanging, though enough of them seem to be doing a lot of that changing thing. (Allow me to shoot off in a somewhat different direction for a bit.) Vampires were once human, and like humans, would be resistant to change, but obviously capable of doing so. Humans do well with a routine, even if it's boring, and when something unexpected happens to upset that routine, some of us rise to the occasion and others kinda blow apart. We all deal with different types of change in varying ways. Basing some of our reactions on what others have done before us. Vampires do change, otherwise, Carlisle would have learned and believed that evil spirits and curses caused illnesses, and all patients must be bled and prayed over, yadda, yadda, yadda. If he were truly unchanging and frozen, he couldn't have adapted and would never have been able to be a doctor once it was "discovered" germs made people sick, and you should wash your hands. Carlisle had been in contact with many lovely vampires while in Volterra and during his travels (he certainly had enough friends), and he would have been in contact with many, MANY humans who were dying—even those who were not directly his patients. Was he a 300-year-old virgin when he found Esme? Well, it being Carlisle … he could have been. What made Esme special? So he had been fond of her when she was a teenager. Carlisle being Carlisle, he would have been "fond" of countless humans and vamps over his 300-plus years before meeting a dying Esme. Hell! He even liked Aro. We all know, had Carlisle not been accidentally turned into a vampire, he would have gone on to live his normal, happy human life, and would have been beatified, and then eventually sainted, after his normal, happy human death. Carlisle: Patron Saint of the Eternally Compassionate Vegan or Compassionately Eternal Vegan, or some shit. Whatever. Okay, so little ol' tree-climbing Esme Platt had a sweet crush on him when she was sixteen and met him after she broke her leg. Kids do that. Have crushes, I mean. She wouldn't have been the only one to be smitten by his prettiness, compassion, and enticing scent. Why would she be any different from any other human? After becoming a vampire, had Esme been unchanging, she would never have gotten past or through the profound grief of losing her infant son and the miserable fear of her abusive human husband. She would have been an eternally brow beaten, running for her life, suicidal wretch. But, no. Instead, she found her Mate in Carlisle. What made him different from all the other pretty, good-smelling male vamps she would have come in contact with later? Or was it just an opportunistic attraction simply because Carlisle was handsome and happened to be there? What made him different from the other male vampire who was present at her awakening? And I mean Edward. She liked blonds more than gingers? I don't think that was completely it. How was Esme different from any other human female that was damaged and near death, in the approximately correct age range, that Carlisle had ever come across? Then there's Edward. If vampires do not change, there would be no hope of Edward ever growing beyond his just-past-16-years-old, fight-in-the-glory-of-war, tragically angst-ridden self. He wouldn't have been able to talk himself out of his cutely and euphemistically called "Rebellion Years." Meyer sure tried hard to convince us that Edward matured in Breaking Dawn. Golly, maturity is a sign of change, don't-cha think? Rosalie Hale. We all know Carlisle changed her into a vamp because he thought she was pretty enough for Edward. How'd that work out for ya, Carlisle? Like humans, just because two pretty vamps are thrust together, it doesn't mean they could become mates, Mates, or even friends for that matter. This leads me to think that Esme and Carlisle were meant to be . There was something about Esme that was different than any other female human that drove Carlisle to change her . They didn't become Mates just because they happened to be two vampires, of the correct genders, who happened to be in the same room together. It's why Esme did not become romantically attached to the very pretty Edward. It's why Rosalie and Edward were not meant to be companions, mates, or Mates. Eventually, they did become attached to each other as siblings/family members. Familiarity will do that to ya. It's lucky for Carlisle and Esme they weren't completely repelled by each other. Rosalie would have been aware of injured and/or dying humans same as the other vampires in her household. Playing at their human roles, she would have been in contact with many appreciative human males, some of whom would have been appealingly attractive with dark hair and dimples. So she ran across a dude in the woods who had been mauled by a bear. What made Emmett special? Why was he any more special than any vamp or human she would have interacted with? Then there's Jasper. He thought he had been in love with Maria. If you think you are, then you are. He was in love with her, but he obviously fell out of love with her. He would have been in contact with more than his fair share of vampires and humans, yet something about Alice resonated with him and helped him to change from the constant, death-dealing beast he had been, and he chose to not do that anymore. (Gosh, that sounds like he "changed" to me.) You can't tell me Alice was the only creature EVER who emitted a feeling of glorious hope that Jasper could