Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Get Your Southern On Contest 2014 Pen Name: GeezerWench Title: Wild, Wonderful West Virginia Beta: HappyGhost Fandom: Twilight AU Pairing: Jasper / Bella Summary: On a meandering, cross-country road trip to visit her mother, Bella's beloved truck died, stranding her on a rainy, dark, and desolate country road somewhere in the Mountain State. In a remote, little backwoods bar, she discovered much more than mere road-side assistance. Rating: MA, NC-17 (adult situations, language.) Word Count: 4994 AN: without the assistance of HappyGhost, the story wouldn't even have placed. Thanks, HappyGhost! - Wild, Wonderful West Virginia - . Groaning in exasperation, Bella slumped in the seat of her silent truck. She thumped her head against the back window and scrubbed at her face. When she had told her father she was going to leave the wet cold of another Forks winter, and take a road trip to visit her mother in sunny Florida, she probably should have listened to him and bought a newer vehicle. It wasn't long after driving past a worn out little mountain town—with buildings so close to the street if you tripped coming out the front door, you'd face plant on the asphalt—the old Chevy had started to sputter and choke. As she steered toward the trash-riddled, nearly nonexistent shoulder, the dash lights flickered and the headlights dimmed. When she put on the brakes to stop the truck, the engine died and the world went black. She even tried wiggling her fingers in front of her face and couldn't see them. So, there she was—in her dearly departed truck, on a desolate road, in the middle of nowhere. She couldn't sleep in the truck because it was only going to get colder. Maybe she could walk back to that little town. She didn't remember seeing a restaurant or a gas station, but there had to be something. The prospect of stumbling through the misty drizzle that was currently falling gave her the chills. When she finally cracked open an eye, she could just make out a dim light through the drippy gloom. Maybe it was a gas station or a house? Or maybe she was in the opening scene of a horror movie. She chuckled nervously about her overactive imagination and firmly shook those thoughts away. The bloodsucking monster had dumped her over a year ago—taking the rest of the vampires with him—and the furry, fanged monsters with fluffy tails were currently three thousand miles behind her. Groping blindly across the seat, she found her phone and felt around until she hit the correct button. It was only eight o'clock. Why was it so damned dark? No signal—no nothing. She couldn't even call Charlie and tell him he had been right about the truck. Her lip began to quiver, and it had nothing to do with the damp chill that was seeping into the cab. Getting a grip on herself, she raised her head, and forced her lips together to stop the worried tremor. It wasn't a hopeless situation. She was a nineteen-year-old woman who had survived a vampire attack. She'd gotten over being thrown aside like trash by her first love . She had brought her slumping grades up and graduated, and decided to work a year before college. She had altered her plans a smidge. Since her only real responsibility was herself, she could take some of her savings and blow it on a little road trip. Driving from Forks, Washington to Florida wasn't so little, however. But, in the grand scheme of things, a broken down truck was only a minor inconvenience. She hoped. Bella squinted through the mist-speckled windshield again and was relieved the faint glow was still there. Thinking that since she could see it, it wasn't that far away, she decided to look for help. At least the walk would keep her warm. Maybe. After unbuckling the seat belt, she found her scarf, wrapped it around her neck, and tucked the fringes into her hoodie. She shoved her knit hat on and tugged her hood over it. It wasn't easy since she couldn't see, but she wrestled on her coat, zipped it, and shoved her useless phone into its pocket. Taking a deep breath, she rummaged for the strap of her backpack, fumbled the keys out of the ignition, and then nearly fell out of the truck when she pushed open the door. The night was blacker than black, but the pale light in the distance beckoned. She pulled out her phone, hit the button to shed a little light on the road, and was on her way. Afraid of tripping, she walked with a methodical, shuffling gait. It didn't make her feel any better that she was wearing dark-colored blue jeans and a deep purple coat. If anyone did happen to drive by, she'd be invisible to them. Until they hit her. She banished the frightening thought and wiped the near-freezing mist from her face. It seemed as if the nasty weather had followed her all the way from Forks. Bella almost cried when she finally made out the long, low, rectangular shape of a building and saw a neon "open" sign glowing redly in the single, wide window. It was surrounded by Bud Light posters, obscuring her view to the inside. She didn't care that it was a bar; she broke into run, clutching her backpack to her chest. She came to a skidding stop in the gravel in front of a concrete stoop. There was an old, warped, wood-framed screen door attached to an even more ancient-looking scuffed and rusted door that served as the main entrance. Examining the building more closely, she felt a twinge of nostalgia. The dull red siding and white trim reminded her of her old friend Jacob's house. Except he never had a vinyl, blaze-orange "Welcome Hunters" sign tied out front. Determined to be brave, she told herself, if nothing else, it would be warmer and drier inside than outdoors, and there was probably someone who would help her. There were a couple pick-up trucks parked not far from the door, and the bare-bulb porch light and neon sign were on. She took them as good omens. The rickety screen door squealed loudly as she opened it, and she glanced around nervously. The rusty hinges announced her presence better than any tinkling brass bells. After stepping inside, she collapsed against the battered steel door as it clicked shut and breathed a sigh of relief as the welcome heat in the room engulfed her. There was no one behind the bar to her left, so she inspected the rest of the wide open room. Despite the dim light, the first things she noticed were all the dead, stuffed animals hanging on the walls. Confederate and American flags, and the deer antlers adorned with two little Confederate flags, added to the "ambiance." On the farthest wall to her right, beyond the single pool table, and next to a chewed up dartboard, was a huge Confederate flag with a deer's picture superimposed over the stars and bars. Between the espresso-colored paneling and little round tables with chrome edges, the place looked like it hadn't been updated since the mid-sixties or seventies. Despite the slipping-back-in-time appearance, everything seemed clean and didn't smell bad. Along the opposite wall were three doors. The first had a small round window. She assumed it was the kitchen because mounted next to it was a blackboard menu. The most prominent items were grits and eggs, biscuits and gravy, hot dogs, and … pepperoni rolls? The doorway at the center of the wall had a beige curtain over it, and the farthest had a hand-lettered cardboard sign above it that read "restrooms." She dropped her backpack on the charcoal grey mat she was standing on and plucked the hood and her hat off her head. She had just been in Ohio on her way to Pennsylvania. Rebel flags? Grits? And what were pepperoni rolls? Had she, somehow, been transported back in time and down south? Did it get that cold down there? She'd never been farther east than Phoenix. Just as she retrieved her phone from her pocket to check for a signal, a man backed through the kitchen door carrying a crate of beer. He nodded at her in greeting. "Thought I heard somebody come in, but it's too early for Steve yet. Shift ain't over. Unless he quit again." Bella couldn't help staring at him. He was gorgeous, even with the orange camo ball cap. He had pale blond hair that curled at the tops of his shoulders, dark eyes, and a beautiful smile. She hadn't expected anyone in a place like that to have all his teeth. Silently chastising herself for her prejudices, she blinked and took note of the grey sweatshirt stretched over the man's wide shoulders and his long, denim-covered legs. The reddish-brown cowboy boots were a nice touch. The bottles clinked together as the tall blond set down the crate and began lifting out the long-necks and stowing them under the shiny wooden bar. "Can I help ya? Want a beer?" After her crappy day, she could use a drink. Bella shook her head to make herself stop ogling the man. The way his muscles flexed under the sleeves of his sweatshirt was strangely fascinating. She tore her eyes away and happened to see an old-timey rotary-dial phone on the end of the bar—right next to a huge jar of pinkish purple pickled eggs. "Uh, no. No, thank you. Um, can I use your phone? Mine doesn't seem to be working." She couldn't stop her hands from attempting to smooth her hair away from her face. Under the man's curious gaze, she started fidgeting and shifting from foot to foot. "That's right. Cell phones don't work out here unless you go up the mountain behind us. Then ya gotta face the North Star, balance on one foot, and raise your left hand above your head and shake it around," he explained with a deep chuckle. "The land line hasn't worked for a couple days. I reckon they'll fix it soon. The last flash flood took out the lines in the next holler over. Happens all the time." Holler? Where the hell was she? Then what the man had said sank in. There were no phones! How was she going to get her truck fixed? Her shoulders slumped as the weight of her predicament came crashing down. "Oh, God! I am so lost, and I can't even call my Dad. My truck broke down up the road … or maybe it's down the road because I don't even know what direction I was going because the GPS … I thought I was in Ohio, and I ended up in this … what kind of bar is this? What's with the Confederate flags and the Welcome Hunters sign out front?" She angrily wiped at her blurring eyes. "I saw your front light and started walking in the stupid freezing rain because …" The back of her eyes were starting to burn, signaling the coming tears. She knew she was babbling, but she couldn't halt the flood of words. Covering her face, she rasped out, "I have no idea where I am, and—" "Hey, hey, hey," the bartender said softly, trying to reassure the girl. He lightly patted her shoulder. "Come over and have a seat. I'll get ya a cup of coffee or hot chocolate or somethin'." He urged her forward as he scooped up her backpack. "I'll just set this right here." He placed the bag on the bar and helped her up onto a padded stool. "Take your coat off,