Category : Twilight Summary : Bella's been doing pretty well after getting through that rough patch. Moved across the country, owns her little house, has a pretty good job, and discovered a fascination with watching trains. Life was good, though a little dull. She should have realized the supernatural was never far behind. Written for the 2016 BiT Awards at BetterinTexasFiction. Collaborator: rissbenzo Title : Night Train Author : GeezerWench Characters / Pairing : Bella / Peter Genre : romance, action, drama, humor Rating : MA Beta/Pre-Reader : none Banner by : GeezerWench Words : n/a Prompt/inspiration : rissbenzo Disclaimer : Derivative work. I make no money. A/N : With much prompting and encouragement from rissbenzo, I started writing. Entered the first chapter in the Better in Texas Fiction 2016 BiT Awards. ~o~o~o~ . Bella's mind wandered over the last several years, reclining in her Special Sitting and Thinking Spot. Yes, she mentally capitalized the name. It was the middle of June, but the night air was cool. She tugged the old flannel shirt she'd snagged from her father a little tighter around her. She wasn't real sure why she had chosen to move to Tennessee. In hindsight, seemingly serendipitous decisions had led her there. After Edward had gifted her with shredding what was left of her self-esteem to ragged ribbons, and abandonment, for her eighteenth birthday, she had been inconsolable. Bereft. Grieving as if someone more dear to her than life had died. A few months later, during a cold snowy day in January, almost a year to the day since she'd moved to Forks, she snapped out of it. He hadn't cared about her at all, but she could care about herself! There had been a rather bitter month or three where revenge on Edward had been at the forefront of her mind and at the top of her list. She struggled, but she managed to not go to the Cullen house and break things or set fires. Or both. Primarily because she could never figure out how to get away with it and keep it from her dad, Charlie. Being the local police chief's daughter had a few disadvantages. She sighed and shifted her position against the tree she was using as a back rest and peered off to the east a bit, waiting for the night's first train to make its appearance. The moon was three quarters full and once her eyes had adjusted, she could see fairly well, though the white moonlight washed all color away. Everything shone in shades of white, grey and black. Farther north, out beyond the paved road that had seen better days, and the two sets of parallel train tracks, she could just make out the soft gleam of the fresh concrete of the Dixie Highway Bridge. She missed the previous one. Something about the old-fashioned steel-girder suspension bridge had drawn her in, with its wide, thick iron beams that were riveted and welded together. It had looked strong and sturdy—like it could hold up to anything. Anything but time. Tennessee was quite pretty with its rolling hills, and she really enjoyed her job as librarian at Bridgeport Elementary. She loved her cute little house at the dog-leg curve on Pig Trot Road. Every time she thought of the name, she'd chuckle again. A giddy sort of glee filled her each time she wrote the address on something. She'd practically dissolved into hysterics when the first box of checks had arrived. Her house was only a little white cottage—with red shutters, two bedrooms, and two baths, but it was all hers. It suited her to a T . She especially enjoyed the back porch. It was just the place to sip a cup of coffee and greet the new day. It was rather isolated, being surrounded by forest and farmland, but that was what she liked about it when she saw it online. It had recently been put on the market when she began looking. She took it as a sign. Like when her old Chevy finally died and left her stranded right in front of a Toyota dealer. The little red, extended-cab Tacoma sitting front and center caught her eye. When a beam of sunlight peeked through the clouds, the chrome bumper winked and sparkled at her and Bella was hooked. It was a leftover from the previous year, but she didn't care. Charlie helped her buy it. All-in-all, she was rather proud of herself. She was going to be twenty-five in a few months and she had a pretty good job and owned her own home. Of course, not having any kind of social life throughout high school and college had allowed her to put away a decent amount of money for a down payment. And Charlie co-signing the mortgage hadn't hurt. It was just a year later she refinanced it into her own name. As much as she liked her house and the solitude, it didn't hold a candle to the Special Sitting and Thinking Spot. After the cross-country trip and moving in, she'd been driving along one evening, trying to learn her way around the rural town, and chuckling over the name of her home street again, when a train went chugging by on tracks that ran parallel to the pavement. She still couldn't understand why, but the sight and sound of the massive, slow-moving engine pulling huge boxcars called to her. She had immediately pulled over and parked. Being dusk she could barely see, so she grabbed the flashlight out of the glovebox, hopped out of the truck, and made her way uphill through the open field to the tree line and sat down. It had never even entered her mind she was trespassing on somebody's property. She'd sat there for hours that first night as the bright moon ascended and sailed through the star-filled sky. The train's steady movement and rumbling clickety-clack had been hypnotic and oddly restful. After it had disappeared to the west, it wasn't long before another had come into view. She didn't make it back home until well after midnight. Watching the trains had become a ritual—her own form of meditation—and she looked forward to it during the times when the moon was brightest. She'd even taken Charlie once during his visit the previous summer. After he stopped worrying about being shot by an angry farmer, he had enjoyed it as much as she did. He'd said it was almost as much fun as fishing. High praise from Charlie. There was no need for her mother's burning incense, chunks of crystals, or unusual instrumentals. Bella's heart rate slowed with the lulling cadence of the steel wheels' rhythmic pace, and the high-pitched peeps and trills from insects, amphibians, and birds were the perfect musical accompaniment. Even the trains' deep whistle struck a chord within her. It was a lonely, mournful sound. Perhaps that was what drew her. She had to admit she was a little lonesome at times, but overall, she was content. Bella sighed quietly again and redirected her thoughts to happier subjects. School was out for the year, and it was two weeks before the summer school session started. She'd be back in her library soon enough. She'd never wanted kids of her own, but she really enjoyed sharing her love of reading with the young ones. It was especially satisfying when she'd discover the one thing a child who said they hated to read was interested in. She'd show him how to find out more about his favorite baseball player, superhero, or musician, and another book lover would be born right before her eyes. Breathing in the warm earthy fragrance of the land and small forest at her back, a peaceful serenity filled her as she patiently waited for the first iron horse to trundle by. Until she heard the sharp snap of a twig breaking somewhere in the trees behind and to her left. She opened her eyes a crack and peered down the hill toward the road and railroad tracks, and slid the heavy revolver from the holster on her left hip. Its load should knock down just about anything. A few years before, her sense of self-preservation had finally kicked in. When Charlie had insisted she take the NRA Gun Safety course and get a concealed carry permit, she jumped at it. He'd bought her a 12 gauge shotgun to keep in the house, but she'd picked up the handgun for when she was train watching. It was much easier to haul around. She thought the black leather belt and holster made her look a little badass, too. They were both plain, but she'd made them herself from kits she'd bought online. She desperately hoped the sound was a bunny and not a rabid raccoon. Even a deer would be preferable. All she'd have to do was stand up and it would probably run away. A person, or a vampire, would run right at her. Since she had moved so far from Forks, she hadn't thought very often about Victoria, who'd found some bizarre pleasure in taunting the Quileute wolves, but the red-haired vampire was never too far from the front of her mind. Knowing a gun wouldn't hurt her, Bella fervently prayed if it was Victoria, being fired at would stun her long enough for Bella to try and run. Not that she could ever outrun the bitch. A jolt of fury at Edward shot through her. There were times when she could almost understand Victoria's unending need for revenge. She forced the thoughts away. She had to keep her wits about her. She heard a faint shuffling in the leaves, coming from the same direction as the snap. She inhaled deeply and rolled, straightening her legs, propping her elbows on the ground, and taking a firm hold of the rubberized grip with both hands. One finger was poised over the trigger. She left the little flashlight in her pocket, remembering that Charlie had told her it would help her to see, but it could also make her a target. The moon was full enough she could discern shafts of slightly less black in the woods. When a human-shaped shadow, wearing what appeared to be a cowboy hat, broke away from a wide tree trunk, sweat beaded on her upper lip and a cold chill shivered down her back. Her breath left her in a rush. "Stop!" The man jerked to a halt, half in and half out of the moonlight. His hands came up level with his head. "I ain't gonna hurt ya, honey," he said cautiously, his voice low. "What are you doing out here?" Bella sucked her bottom lip into her mouth and bit down, trying to keep herself from hyperventilating. She'd never pointed a gun at a person before, though she had fantasized, more than a few times, about shooting Edward just because. The man shifted sideways into the moonlight until all of him was revealed by the soft white light. "I could ask you the same thing." "I came out here to watch the trains. Is this your land?" Bella blurted and instantly regretted it. She could have kicked herself! She'd just admitted she was trespassing! "No, ma'am. I suspect this isn't your land either." He was about twenty feet away, but she clearly saw the shrewd curve of his mouth beneath his cowboy hat. A wave of annoyance washed over her and she lowered the barrel just a hair. The smile fell from his face and his hands dropped to cover his groin. "Okay, look, sugar. I didn't—" "Reach for the sky, partner . I didn't say you could put your hands down." Bella waggled the gun at him. His hands shot back up and he gulped. "Uh, why's a purty thing like you sittin' out here all alone?" Bella raised the barrel back up and peered down the sights. If he lunged at her, she'd put all