2015 Meet the Mate Contest Pen Name: GeezerWench Title: A Whole 'Nother Ball Game Summary: Jasper's been waiting nearly a hundred and fifty years for his mate. The last half century has been spent on the sidelines. It's time to step up to the plate. Pairing: Jasper/Bella Beta: happyghost Rating: M (violence) Word count: (not including summary or title) 4084 Derivative work. I make no money. Also on BetterinTexasFiction. 0-0-0 Just as Alice predicted, there wasn't a drop of rain as thunder galloped across the sky and echoed from the surrounding mountains. The ominous sound was accompanied by an undefined tension subtly filling the atmosphere that had nothing to do with the approaching storm. Like always, when he caught her eye, Alice graced him with one of her sweet smiles, but Jasper remained alert. He noted Edward solicitously leading Bella across the broad expanse of field. She only stumbled a few times over the tufts of rough field grass. Being only human, she wouldn't be able to join in their game. Even though Edward only brought her so he could show off in front of her, Jasper was pleased to see her. Alice traipsed daintily to her place on the pitcher's mound. She glanced toward a cheerful Carlisle, who was already stationed far back in the field, and then to Edward, his hand lightly touching Bella's back, as he escorted her to Esme. "Is Carlisle coming over to play?" Bella asked. "He's wearing jeans and a baseball shirt like everyone else." Edward chuckled, the hint of condescension noticeable to everyone but the moderately flustered girl . "Oh, Bella, you'll soon see why we require this large meadow for our game. He's already in position between first and second base. I'll be playing shortstop." He adjusted the ball cap on her head and tapped the bill with his finger, like an adult might do with a child, and rested his hands on her shoulders. His eyes flicked distrustfully toward Jasper as he bent down to inhale Bella's luscious scent. "Stay right next to Esme, love." He had lowered his voice, but all the vampires heard every word. Jasper knew it was meant as yet another warning for him to stay clear of Bella. Edward was excited, but Jasper felt it could be attributed more to Edward being able to flaunt his speed in front of the human than to his interest in her blood. Jasper watched impassively as the lanky youth steered the girl away from him. When she was safely by Esme's side, Edward turned and bounded across the field to take his place near the edge of the forest. Bella seemed confused, but she obediently followed Esme to a spot several yards behind home plate. With a wave of his hand, Jasper gestured to Emmett. "Batter up." Emmett, gleaming aluminum bat in hand, knocked the dirt from his cleats, and then swung his arms in wide circles as if he were loosening his muscles. "Tennessee Smokies? Is that a real team?" Bella asked while Esme guided her to stand even farther behind Jasper. "Yeah, Bells," Emmett snickered. He turned his back to her, displaying the logo on his homemade jersey. "Minors, since Tennessee doesn't have a major league team. They even have a bear as their mascot." He pointed at his back, and then turned to face her again, proudly running his hand down his chest. "The number fifteen is the year I was born. My angel made it for me." He gave Rosalie a saucy wink and strutted up to the plate with a definite swagger. "Fifteen?" Bella's hand rose to her forehead, bumping the bill of the ball cap. "You mean nineteen fifteen?" "That's right, Bells." Smiling broadly enough to split his cheeks, Emmett approached the plate. A look of concentration fell over his face as he flicked the bill of his cap, tugged at his jersey, wiped each of his palms on his thighs, and then gripped the bat. A soft chortle sounded from Esme. She leaned forward to whisper in Bella's ear. "Emmett has quite a warm-up routine. He'll only be another moment." She patted Bella's shoulder. "Jasper is catching—" "But he's so far behind Emmett! And he doesn't even have on a glove!" "We don't need gloves, dear, though Carlisle sometimes likes to wear his." Bella could hardly make out Carlisle's enthusiastic wave. Esme wrapped her arm around Bella's shoulders and gave her a comforting squeeze. "Alice is pitching, and wait until you see her throw! Now, we'll be the umpires. You'll have to watch them closely since they like to cheat." "No cheatin'." Emmett hiked up his pants and curled his fingers around the bat again. He finally dropped into his stance, bat poised above his shoulder. "Just playin' to win." Jasper squatted down and nodded his readiness to the tiny pitcher. Her throw was nothing like Bella had imagined it would be. Rather than making an elaborate show of winding up, Bella almost missed her efficient and low-key movements. She was startled by a loud slapping sound and Jasper standing up. Had Alice thrown the ball? Emmett hadn't moved, but then Jasper was tossing the baseball back to a mischievously grinning Alice. "Strike one," Esme announced. "Wow, I never even saw the ball, but Jasper caught it?" Bella gawked at him in disbelief. "Because of our strength and speed, we adjust the rules a bit. If they don't hit it it's a strike." Esme leaned closer. "Emmett will hit it this time," she murmured knowingly. Again, Bella could hardly detect their movements, but that time a thunderous crack rang out across the field, causing her to jump. "He hit it? Is it a home run?" "Just wait." Esme smiled. "Edward is very fast." Bella couldn't believe the speed at which they moved, even faster than when Edward had carried her to the field. Jasper magically appeared at the plate as Emmett disappeared. Carlisle darted after the large, pale streak that must have been Emmett. Esme cocked her head as if she were listening. "Ah! He's out!" "What?" Bella squinted, straining to see the far end of the field where Esme was looking. She then realized Edward was nowhere to be seen. He soon sprang from the edge of the forest, face beaming and arm held high. Esme clapped her hands together. "Edward has it!" The next few innings followed the same almost frantic pace—booming hits that drowned out the rolling thunder in the sky, and streaks and flashes of color circling the distant bases. Though Bella gave it her best effort, she missed most of the action of the game. She didn't even know what the score was. Again, Emmett was up at bat, and Jasper was behind the plate, when Alice gasped and dropped the baseball. "I-I didn't see it. They're closer than I thought." Edward was immediately in front of her, gripping her arms, searching her eyes. "I'm sorry." Alice's contrite voice was the only sound to be heard. "What's going on?" Bella asked, leaving Esme's side and walking forward. "How long, Alice?" Jasper held his arm out, blocking Bella before she could make her way past him. "Five minutes." Viewing possible futures, she finally blinked, her vision clearing. She looked beseechingly toward Jasper, Bella, and Esme. "They heard us playing. They want to join us." "They who? What are you talking about?" At the obvious tension, icy fear crept up Bella's spine. She gripped the sleeve of Esme's jacket, her knuckles turning white. "There's time to get her out of here," Jasper said, his tone low and unhurried. Edward's hands flew to his hair, his eyes wild. "We have to protect her. I don't know … Alice!" he shouted and grabbed the petite vampire, shaking her. "What do you see?" Frustration marginally overtaking her alarm, Bella took hold of Jasper's wrist to get his attention. "What? What's going on? Somebody tell me!" Jasper's eyes met Bella's, and he calmly told her, "A few days ago, Alice saw three nomadic vampires passing through this area as we were playing ball. They came close, but didn't stop. Evidently, things changed when Edward decided to bring you to officially meet the family and impress you with his athletic skills." "Jasper, that's not—" Edward began and stopped himself. He released Alice and started toward Bella. "I can take her—" "Too late!" Alice cried, running with the others to home plate. "No. No!" Edward moaned. He dropped his head into his hands. "It's my fault!" "Edward!" Carlisle pulled his son's hands from his face. "What is it?" "Alice saw … I can hear them. They caught Bella's scent along with ours in the forest. One named James … he's a tracker," Edward choked out. "A tracker?" Eyes narrowing, Emmett turned to search the outlying forest. "The hunt is on then." "Emmett! Stop!" Edward hissed angrily. "Edward?" Bella reached for him, her face tight with fear. "What does Emmett mean by tracker and the hunt is on ?" Forcing his expression into one of reassurance, he took her hand and raised it to his lips. "It's nothing for you to be concerned about, love. I'll protect you." Gazing skeptically at Edward, still looking as undaunted as he did when the ball game first began, Jasper shifted to face the same direction as Emmett, but his golden gaze dropped to Bella's worried one. "What Edward meant to say was although most vampires can easily find their prey—after all, humans are everywhere," he paused, raising an eyebrow, "there are those that are especially skilled at playing … hide and seek ." The corners of his lips lifted in the ghost of a smile. "A lone human with a coven is either their pet or will soon be shared amongst them for dinner. Or both." "Jasper!" Edward stomped toward him, fists raised and trembling. "There's no need to frighten Bella with such—" "Truth?" Jasper asked with a smirk. One hand shot out and clamped around Edward's throat. "Judging by your reaction to what Emmett said, I'd say the tracker is thirsting for a hunt. Which means he'll try to get the human away from the vampires. I don't even need to read his mind to know what his game is." Jasper's speech sped up, but he knew Bella could still hear everything he said. "You know you should have stayed gone when you left, but you had to come back. Then you stupidly and unnecessarily played the hero when that boy's van went out of control on the ice. You know as well as I do it would have hit the front fender of her truck." "It-it skidded around—it could have crushed her!" Edward exclaimed. "It spun after you hit it," Jasper bit out. "You were planning to kill her!" Venom leaked from Edward's mouth. He would have shouted if he'd been able to take a full breath. Bella merely stood in shock, gaping at both of them. "Wrong again, mind reader." Jasper's smirk widened. " That was Rosalie. I said I would set it right , I never said I would kill her. She could have died when you saved her from the van, but not by my hand. Being your singer, she could have died that first day in your biology class. Alice assured me she wouldn't. There have been several other instances where it was a close thing." Never taking his eyes from Edward's, Jasper tilted his head toward Alice. "Alice, guard her. Edward, I know what they're feeling. Anticipation, eagerness. Their caution is being overridden by want. I'd say they're a little hungry. Two of them are exuding confidence while one is still wary. What are they thinking?" Jasper's hand tightened around Edward's throat. "Tell me," he demanded through clenched teeth. "Jasper, what are you doing?" Carlisle reached for his arm but snatched his hand back at the answering growl. "You all know Alice saw Bella coming. Edward brought her into our world sooner