Category: Twilight AU Summary : Things didn't work out quite the way Edward had planned when he left Bella. He wanted to save her from the supernatural world, but it came looking for her. She survived the encounter and decided to contact an old friend. Jasper / Bella, of course. One shot. Title: Old Friends Author: GeezerWench Characters / Pairing : Jasper/Bella Genre: romance, erotica Rating : MA Beta/Pre-Reader: none Banner by: GeezerWench Words: 7351 Prompt/inspiration: Project Team Beta's 2013 Smut University. "Write a first sex scene between two people who have been waiting for this to happen for a long time for whatever reason. To make this straight to the point (your goal is an erotic description of foreplay). They both are not virgins." Complete Disclaimer : (for fanfiction) All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: Originally wrote this for the Project Team Beta's 2013 Smut University. It's chapter 2. I decided I liked it, ya know, and decided to post it on its own. If you think you've read it before—that would be why. Thank you! If you haven't, I hope you like it. 07/04/2015 Now posted on BetterinTexas Fiction * Old Friends * . The two vampires stopped in front of a heavy wooden door, and the larger of the two rapped out a quick beat. He waited a moment, turned the knob, and swung the door into the room. Stepping back, he waved Jasper in. He bowed his dark head, keeping an eye on the newcomer, and grinned, showing even white teeth. "Wait here," the muscular man said and pulled the door closed, leaving Jasper alone in the room. Jasper was tall at six foot three, but Felix had towered over him. He had to have been seven feet tall and was the tallest vampire he'd ever seen. When Felix had met him at the airport, he had been dressed in a smartly tailored charcoal grey suit, but as soon as they had entered the castle, Felix had put on a medium grey hooded cloak that swept the tile floor, and led Jasper swiftly through dimly lit stone corridors. Jasper looked around and took in the comfortable room. Other furnishings he had seen throughout the castle had been rather ornate, but that room was quite relaxed and inviting. Low lights from lamps placed on sturdy tables accented with wrought iron were next to deep brown leather upholstered chairs and couches. There were several vases of fresh flowers around the room, but even those he wouldn't have considered fussy. There wasn't one piece of cut glass or crystal among them. The vases appeared to be made of stone. "Ten years is a long time, Jasper." Bella appeared in a doorway at the rear of the large sitting room to greet the tall blond man standing in front of her. She wanted him badly. From the first time she had seen his beautifully rugged face on her laptop, she had wanted him; she had craved him. Then he was in her rooms, and she had breathed in his scent and nearly been overcome with how … delicious it was. How sensual, how erotic … how so very perfect. She inhaled his warm leather and sunshine and cinnamon and … knew . She had to quickly calm herself before she left her bedroom to greet him. She forcefully calmed her nerves; grateful her shield could block her emotions and her scent from him. Jasper studied her. She had changed quite a bit since the last time he had seen her. Of course, the last time he had seen her was at her eighteenth birthday, and he had tried to take a bite out of her. Immediately afterward, Edward had convinced the family that Bella would only be safe from the dark and depraved world of the vampires if they all left; cutting all ties to the young human girl they had all come to love. They hadn't realized when Edward had abandoned her in the forest behind her house, some of those very same depraved creatures he had been trying to save her from had been lying in wait. "Yes. Ten years can be a long time." Jasper turned only his head to watch her as she walked slowly to his left and around him. "But what's ten years between old friends who happen to be immortal?" "You're right." Bella laughed lightly as she moved silently toward a small table in front of the window. She ran her finger along the top of the gleaming wood and delicately touched the flowers arranged in a rounded vase, her back to him. "I'm glad we were able to contact each other and keep in touch." "We were surprised to hear from you eight years ago, to say the least." Jasper was currently astounded as he perused her form. No vampire would ever turn his or her back on him. The many silvery battle scars that showed on him, even when he wore long-sleeved shirts, guaranteed their caution and wariness. But Bella had nothing to fear from him. He had never truly wanted to harm her, and then there was her shield. She had told him no one could touch her unless she allowed it. She hadn't mentioned it, but he was unable to feel her emotions, as he could with every other vampire or human, and though he thought he could detect a faint hint of her spicy scent throughout the room, he was unable to breathe it in completely. The flowers that were placed around the room seemed to be masking it. He was puzzled by that. She had told him at the beginning of their tentative communications she didn't blame him for trying to attack her at that ill-fated and unwanted birthday party. Through their infrequent video chats, emails, and phone calls, she had finally convinced him that he had actually done her a favor. At the time, she had not elaborated. He had found that he looked forward to every communication from her, no matter how brief, and had eagerly anticipated finally seeing her in the flesh after so long. Had it only been three days since she had called and formerly invited him? He had dressed simply in boots, blue jeans, and a plain white oxford shirt he had left unbuttoned at the collar. He hadn't wanted to alarm her with the scars that littered his arms, so he had only rolled the cuffs twice. Unexpectedly, she seemed to have had no reaction at all. Vampires, male or female, saw them as a warning of danger and often shied away from him. He was gratified to see she had also dressed simply in black, low-heeled boots, blue jeans and a forest green, fitted blouse. The clothes were unassuming, but they were anything but plain. He imagined the kings had had her measure taken; the clothes fit so well and enhanced her womanly curves. She looked … He hadn't known what he expected her to wear, but she was perfect. As she plucked a pink and white lily from the large arrangement, he couldn't help studying her further. It was only expected that she would have become even more beautiful than she had been as a human, but seeing her through the imperfect lens of a web cam had not done her justice. Her hair flowed down her back like a waterfall and the deep brown and chestnut color was even glossier than it had been when she was human. He had the sudden urge to run his fingers through its silky strands. She twirled the leafless stem of the lily in her slim fingers as she gazed out the window at the darkening landscape. She looked quickly over her shoulder at him. "I'm glad you came to Volterra." She turned toward him and leaned back against the table, tugging at the curved tail of her tailored, silk top. The deep green was striking against the pale ivory of her skin, and the unbuttoned collar gave him an enticing peek of her collar bones. It pleased him that her skin was perfectly smooth and showed no indication of scars or that any had tried to claim her. That thought caught him up short. She was beautiful, desirable—any male would be proud to claim her. The only scar he could see was the one from her human days when the nomad James had bitten her on her right wrist. Her sleeves were rolled to just beneath her elbows. Of course, he couldn't see any more of her skin. He tried to suppress the disappointment. He also found her deep red eyes to be strangely mesmerizing. He knew she indulged in the Volturi's preferred diet of human blood, but seeing them in person had a stronger effect on him than he had anticipated. He liked it. "Did Felix behave himself? He can be a handful at times." Startled, Jasper blurted out, "Yes. He barely spoke at all when he met me at the airport. He didn't say anything on the drive over, and when we came into the castle, he led me directly here. I never even saw any anyone else." Bella smiled slightly and nodded her head. "Good. He can be a good boy when he wants to, but he's usually a jerk." Baffled again, Jasper cocked his head at her. When it was evident she wasn't going to explain what she'd said about the huge, intimidating vampire, he continued with, "Thank you for inviting me. I did want to see you." He moved to face her, but remained standing in the center of the carpeted floor. Had they been human, she would have directed him to a seat on the well-padded leather couch and probably offered him a glass of iced tea to help cool the summer's heat. His eyes roamed quickly over her very feminine form, and he noted with appreciation that her time as a human in Volterra had been very good for her. He wondered how long they had allowed her to remain human. She had been slim when he knew her before, but as a vampire, she had the full, rounded curves of a mature woman, and he was finding it difficult to keep his golden eyes on her face, beautiful as it was. Thankfully, his gaze was drawn by her movement to her hands holding the flower just below her heart-shaped face. The pink of the throat of the lily seemed to be a deeper shade of Bella's lips. As her index finger and thumb slid down and back up the woody stem of the lily, he quickly swallowed and asked, "You never told me who caught you in the woods behind your house, or even really what happened afterward." During their early pen pal days, and beyond, she had always kept her messages brief. The more she talked to him and wrote to him the more she wanted to, and she was afraid she would let it slip that she had come to adore him. But that wouldn't stop her from plying her evil feminine wiles , as Felix had joked before he went to the airport to pick Jasper up. After her fingers slid down and off the green stem, she lifted its firm cut end and drew it slowly across her bottom lip. Jasper's eyes followed its progress. He was entranced, and his fingers flexed and tightened as he waited for her to respond. "Oh," she began as she very casually tapped her pouting lips with the cut end of the lily. "Aro had Carlisle and everyone watched. He'd had guardsmen over there for months." She absently traced the flower stem over her chin and cheek and down the smooth