BELLA'S GUITAR Set during NM after Edward leaves. Jake has not phased yet. Canon date would be Jan. 24, 2006. Author's Note: Welcome. Bella's Guitar is a full-length novel. The plot: Bella falls for Jacob. Who wouldn't? But that's not all. This novel comes complete with themes and symbolism, multi-generational plot arcs, at least three sub-plots, a portrait of a town, and a bunch of irreverent literary allusions to make book nerds like myself laugh. Oh, and there are comically angsty songs that Bella writes on her guitar. What I'm saying is that this is a piece of writing I have worked seriously hard on because I want to provide you with kick-ass reading material. Full disclosure: there will be no hot werewolf sex in Jacob's garage by Chapter Two. Sorry. Not that there's anything wrong with hot werewolf sex in Jacob's garage. In any garage, really. Mmm, mmm. I'm just saying that this novel takes its time letting the characters build strong connections with each other. So if you're looking for a novel (a pretty fucking funny one, if I do say so), then you might like this one. Thank you for reading! Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight, its recognizable situations, and its characters. I am not profiting from this work of fan fiction. Rated M for language, themes, and sexual situations. Bella's Guitar Chapter One "The Gift" One Saturday toward the end of January, as Bella was chewing her way through an obligatory bowl of cereal—gotta eat something , she supposed—Charlie took a seat across from her and pushed his coffee cup from side to side for a bit. Behind him, through the window, snow fell wetly in the yard and melted in the soggy grass. It was cold, but not cold enough for the snow to stick. "Harrumph," said Charlie. He flipped the paper open, then back to the front page. He made a few more throat-clearing sounds. It was early still, and since he'd had the day off from work yesterday, he really hadn't used his voice in almost thirty-six hours. "Hawphhh..." Bella kept chewing. She ate because Charlie would notice if she didn't. Mechanically lifting the spoon to her lips, she watched the red and black square pattern on her plaid, wool shirt cuff approach and recede. Up and down went the shirt. Big and small went the squares. Huh, she thought, it's like my arm is feeding my body even though my mind doesn't care. Stupid arm. "So," began Charlie at last. He spoke quietly, in the kind of voice hikers use to avoid startling flighty wildlife. "You, uh, gonna be hanging out with Jacob again today?" Bella looked up. "Huh?" "Jacob. You gonna see him today?" "Oh," said Bella. "Yeah. Yeah, I am." For a moment there, she wondered if her father was on to her. Had he somehow found out about the motorcycles? She and Jake had been working on them for over a week now. "Well, that's real good," Charlie continued. "You seem a little better lately." "I guess." It seems he wasn't about to ground her. What was this about then? "So," Charlie began again, then stopped. He looked at her bowl of cereal. "You about done?" She looked down. How long had the bowl been empty? Had she been shoveling air into her mouth for the past five minutes? "Yeah," she blinked. "Done." Charlie took her bowl and put it in the sink. "Come 'ere," he said, and strode into the living room. Reaching beside his recliner, he lifted up a scuffed brown guitar with a green plastic bow around the fretboard. "Merry Christmas," he said. He held it out to her, but his eyes were trained on the coffee table, as if he didn't want to see her reaction. She stood there with a little pucker in her brow. "Ch—Dad, it's January." He looked at her. "I mean, um, thanks?" She grasped the instrument around the neck like she might have held a dead goose and sat down on the couch with it. "I know it's January, Bells." He ran a hand through his closely cropped hair. "I gave this to you for Christmas, but you—well, I thought it might help with—I guess you weren't ready." Christmas... Bella thought. I think I forgot about that. Did I give him a present? Oh, crud... Bella picked at the bow with her fingernails. It made a whispery, scratchy sound against the strings. "I don't know how to play the guitar, Dad." "Neither did I," said Charlie. He turned away for a moment, and in the wintry light that highlighted his profile as he looked out the window, Bella noted that there were a few more white hairs in his mustache than she remembered from before. Before Edw—before he left. She gripped her stomach as the pain snarled within her. "You know, after your mother left...with you...I was pretty messed up," said Charlie. "For a long time." He heaved a sigh and flicked a finger toward the mantle. Among the many framed photos there, including almost all of Bella's school pictures since kindergarten, Bella saw the picture of the people she knew were Charlie's parents. Two gray-haired people on the porch steps of a single story brick house. "You remember your grandma?" Charlie continued. "She gave me this." And he gestured to the guitar now balanced awkwardly across Bella's lap. "This was Grandma's?" "Yeah, she wasn't a big singer, just played some stuff for the kids in Sunday school before she got sick. Said she wanted me to have it after things ended with Renee." He took a sip of his coffee. Bella still wasn't sure how this applied to her. "I wrote some songs," Charlie continued. "God, they were horrible. Horrible songs. But after a while, I felt better about things. I thought maybe you could, you know..." He waved at the guitar again while Bella stared at him. "You wrote songs?" she finally asked. "Yeah." "About Mom?" "Yeah, some of them. Okay, most of them. It was cathartic." She kept staring. "Cathartic," said Charlie again. "It means—" "I know what it means, Dad. I just—you think I should write songs?" Charlie got up and walked into the hallway. She could hear the quiet clicks as he secured his gun holster to his side. When he returned, he was stuffing his arms into his uniform parka. His face was red. "Okay," he said, "bad idea, maybe. I just thought it might help." He turned toward the door. "I'll be back around six tonight." Bella stood up then and followed him to the front of the house. She held the guitar stiffly at her side. "Wait," she said. He turned to her, his hand on the doorknob. "Um, thanks." Charlie may have smiled a bit beneath his mustache. "You're welcome," he said, and stepped out into the cold. Bella carried Charlie's coffee mug to the sink and rinsed it out. Then she squirted some dish soap onto a rag and washed the mug, her cereal bowl, and her spoon. She set them in the drying rack and wiped her hands on an old yellow towel that had probably been there, she thought, since Renee. Back in the living room, she picked up the guitar. She turned it over; she turned it from left to right. Which hand held the neck part, she wondered, and which hand did the strumming? She passed her fingers over the wiry strings. Twang. Tring. Twaiiiiinnnggg. This guitar sounded awful. Of course it was awful. She was awful. She was so awful that Edward had had to go away and leave her. The pain in her stomach started up again. No way was she going to sing about what had happened to her. Every song on the radio sent her into a tailspin of heartache. Her fingers began to shake, so she set the guitar back down on the couch and clutched her sides. How can it be as if he never existed, she thought, when every moment reminds me of his loss? Each breath felt like sand filling her lungs. She pulled her legs up under her and curled against the arm of the couch. Eventually, the ringing of the phone prompted her to get up. She shuffled into the kitchen, snagging the toe of her sock on the corner of the refrigerator. As she kicked her foot loose, she knocked her knee into the cabinet with a loud thump. "Augh!" she gasped as she lifted the receiver. "Er, hello?" she spoke again. "Bella?" said a familiar voice. "Yes, this is Bella. Wait—Mike?" "Bella, aren't you coming in to work today?" Oh, no! Bella's eyes shot to the calendar, and then the clock. She was already twenty minutes late. "Oh, Mike, I'm so sorry. I lost track of time." "Well, hurry up!" Mike said. "I've already told my mom you were in the stock room, and then in the bathroom. I don't think I can cover for you much longer." "Shoot! I'm sorry. I'll be there in ten minutes!" She scrambled upstairs to brush her teeth. As she rushed back through the living room to grab her keys, she avoided looking at the guitar on the couch. Bella parked her red beast of a truck half a block away from Newton's Outfitters so the rumbling of the engine wouldn't tip Mrs. Newton off to her late arrival. She ran past the pizza place and over the grubby asphalt lot of the outfitter store. It would have seemed that she could get through the parking lot unscathed—she knew she had to keep her eyes peeled for tripping hazards since she was running so fast—but nevertheless she seemed to splash through the deepest parts of every puddle along the way. By the time she jogged up to the back door, her flat-soled Converse low-tops had soaked through, leaving her feet, ankles, socks, and the bottoms of her jeans a muddy, chilled mess. Mike held open the door for her, looking back over his shoulder. "Damn, girl," he whisper-hissed. "You took forever." He handed her a green smock and helped her tie it on. "Thanks, Mike, you're the be—Eek!" Bella squealed as Mike slapped a wet paper towel over her face. "What the heck?" "I told my mom you were sick in the bathroom. You should look sweaty." "Okay?" "Here, shelve these." Mike thrust a heavy cardboard box full of Olympic Peninsula trail guide booklets into her arms and skittered through the curtain out onto the sales floor. Bella followed, hoisting the box onto her hip as best she could and walking a bit sideways under its weight. She slumped on the floor in the book section and tried to figure out where to place the trail guides. Did these things have an author? Should I file under "O" for Olympic Peninsula? A quick scan of the shelves proved unhelpful. Crud. Every one of these books is about the Olympic Peninsula, and this whole bookcase is "O." Bella leaned over the box and dug toward the bottom. Maybe a packing slip would give her some kind of store-display clue. "Oh, sweetie, don't barf in the box!" hollered Mrs. Newton. Bella looked up to see her striding toward her from the cash registers. "What? No, I'm fine," mumbled Bella. "Mike told me you were sick." Mrs. Newton knelt beside her and put a hand on Bella's forehead. "Well, you don't have a temperature," she said, "but your skin's really clammy. Are you sure you feel well enough to work?" Mrs. Newton cocked her head to one side, peering into Bella's eyes. She looks like a curious chicken, thought Bella. And she's always pecking at me. Bella tried to figure out if Mrs. Newton was asking because she was concerned about her health, or concerned about having a reliable worker. Probably option B, she thought. "I'm fine," she said again. "Really, I'm fine." Bella stretched the corners of her mouth back