I do not own the Twilight story or any of its characters. I just like messing with Stephenie Meyer's masterpiece! Bella Swan was a cheerleader since she started cheering for the youth football league at eight years old. She cheered for the football and basketball teams in junior high and high school, even winning nationals her junior and senior years. She had procured a full ride to the University of Southern California. She even spent a two years as a cheerleader for the Philadelphia Eagles. She knew what it took to be the best and wasn't going to settle for anyone being less than their best, especially the girls on her squad. She graduated at the top of her class with majors in the Psychology of Teenagers and Italian. At the beginning of the story, she is starting her first year teaching Italian and Psychology along with coaching the cheer squads at Frost High School. Emmett McCarty had grown up on football, but his love was the sciences. He had worked hard on the field to make it to the NFL only to have his shoulder torn to pieces during the last game of his rookie season with the Oakland Raiders. He was grateful his parents Siobhan and Liam had made him finish college before he joined the NFL. He was just beginning his third year of teaching Chemistry and Biology at Frost High School. During his first year of teaching he was an assistant coach of a tired football team. He took over as Head Coach the next year when the previous one retired. He had lead the team with a rejuvenated spirit straight through to the fourth round of the play-offs. Cheer-Ball: Friday, August 10, 2012 Bella's POV "Ms. Swan! Ms. Swan! Ms. Swan!" rang loudly through the morning silence that had settled on the quad of Frost High School in Walnut Creek, CA. Startled out of my morning daze, I turned to see two girls in cheerleading practice outfits running down the steps of the amphitheater toward me. When the girls stopped abruptly in front of me, I had to take a step back; I was not used to their bouncing, perkiness first thing in the morning. After reading their names that were embroidered on their sleeveless tees, I asked, "Jessica, Lauren, how can I help you? Practice is not for another ten minutes." "We know." "We wanted to introduce ourselves." "We are the co-captains of your new cheer squad. I'm Jessica." She added pointing to her name on her shirt. Lauren pointed to her own name and giggled, "I'm Lauren." "Nice to meet you, girls. I am a bit confused though. I haven't even met or made the squad, for that matter. I certainly have not assigned anyone as captains." I said cutting off Jessica as she opened her mouth to add something else. "We know." Jessica repeated. "We are just the most popular and best so, we just assumed you would choose us." "We wanted the other girls to respect us from the very beginning." Lauren added in a way that made me think Jessica had rehearsed it with her. "We didn't want some of the younger girls to get confused with too many changes." Jessica finished with a self satisfied nod. "Well, don't get used to it. I will be holding full tryouts in about fifteen minutes. I believe the fliers, e-mails, and phone calls about tryouts said as much." I stated. In response to the faces the two girls made, I added, "Yes, that statement does means everyone, including you two, must perform at tryouts to make it on the squad this year." Jessica stuttered, "But… but…" "Listen, if you are the best, like you say you are, I am sure you will make it back on the squad." Then, I quickly turned to walk away from the stunned girls to the safety and peace of my classroom. I walked into my stifling hot classroom to drop my purse in my locked drawer and grab my camera. I had learned long ago when I was a high school cheer captain, it was best to have pictures with their names on it to keep things running smooth and orderly. When I walked back out of my classroom, I quickly, but silently jogged the long way around the school's campus. I wanted to avoid Jessica and Lauren, who were still standing in the spot I had left them and they were fuming mad. After making it to the gymnasium, I peeked through the in the window door. I was pleased with the turn out, there were approximately sixty girls stretching and getting ready for tryouts. I stood there for a moment struggling with what to do and how to start out this cheer squad. "Should I just walk in and call them to order or should I go flashy and do a tumbling pass down the whole length of the floor? This is my first impression on these girls. I need them to respect me, my talent and my authority, right?" Bella thought. "Shit! Why did I think I could do this again?" "Well, having seen you perform at a Raiders-Eagles game and getting even the die-hard Raiders' fans to cheer for you is one reason I think you can do this." A deep, smooth, baritone voice startled me from behind, causing me to jump. I whipped around to see who had spoken and then, a large, muscular, Celtic god continued, "Also, you graduated top in your class with majors in Psychology and Italian. I, for one, would love to take your Italian class. I have always wanted to learn that language." "Uh… Um" I stammered staring into his clear blue eyes. "Well, maybe I can't take your class because you seem to be having a little trouble with English. I thought it was a prerequisite to know both languages before teaching one of them?" He said with a playful smirk that cased his dimples to appear on his face. "What? Oh, sorry. I didn't realize I was speaking out loud." I said snapping back to reality, a little flustered and flushed. "I'm Bella Swan, but it sounds like you already know that." "Hello, Bella. Emmett McCarty, I teach Chemistry and Biology here." He said extending his hand. "Also, I am the Head Coach of the football team." "Oh! So, it is your team my squad is supposed to be cheering on." "I guess so." He replied with another dimpled smirk. I huffed. "As long as, you and your team treat my girls as the athletes they are and with the respect they deserve, we will get along just fine." "I will personally make sure that happens. Especially since, if I didn't my mother, my sister, and my cousin would have my head." He said changing his smirk to a true smile. "So, how long are you going to stand here and doubt yourself?" "Maybe five more minutes?" Emmett nodded to her and then, pulled the gym doors wide open. After stepping inside, he yelled, "Okay, ladies. Listen up! Move to the sides unless you want to be landed on!" He turned back and whispered to me, "Let's see something flashy!" % "I can't believe you stay for the entire tryouts." I said for the twentieth time as we were sitting, laughing, and drinking water in my classroom three hours later. We were having too much fun going through my notes from tryouts and the pictures of the girls on my laptop. "Well, after you stunned all those girls to silence, including the biggest motor mouths in the world Jessica and Lauren, I had to stay and see what you would do next. Also, I have an investment in who cheers for my guys." Emmett said trying to hold a straight face, but failing miserably. He laughed as he said, "I still can't believe that you flipped in the air two and a half times before your feet hit the floor again." "I can't believe when your team came in you kicked them out and told them to go run laps. Then, your assistant coaches come in and you tell them to join the team in running laps." At remembering this, I started laughing so hard that I almost fell backward in my swivel chair. I threw myself forward to counter balance the tipping. I over compensated and ended up whacked my head on the corner of my desk. "Ouch! Ouch! Ouch!" "You okay, Bella?" Emmett asked jumping off the student desk he was sitting on. He ran over and kneeled in front of me. "I'm fine. I'm fine. I do stuff like this all the time." I said trying to laugh off the sharp, stabbing pain right above my temple. "I am a closet klutz. I can do all kinds of acrobatic stunts, but I can't walk a straight line or sit in a chair or eat in a restaurant without hurting myself." "That is rather hilarious, but that head wound is not." Emmett said making a horrible face at the amount of blood coming from my head. He took off his teal football tee and used it to put pressure on the cut in my head. "Are we taking your car or my jeep? You are going to the hospital, if you want to or not." I looked up at him standing there in a white tank top and black mesh shorts with such concern in his eyes. I was momentarily awe struck by him. "No, no. I'm fine. I have some gauze in my desk drawer. I can take care of my own head wound. It won't be the first or the last time." "Really? That is a little disturbing." Emmett said with an odd tone to his voice. "But I'm going to say no to the gauze in your desk. I am taking you to the hospital. I will not hesitate to forcibly carry you out of here. Now, will it be your car or my jeep?" "We can take my truck. It is parked right outside the theater. That's close, right?" I responded, giving in. "Right. Let's go. Do you need me to carry you?" He said smiling slightly as he helped me up from my seat. I shook my head no and then, winced in pain. "I can walk. Just grab my laptop and my purse out of the bottom right drawer of my desk. I don't think I should bend over right now." When we arrived at the parking lot next to the school's theater, Emmett started laughing, "That's your truck?" I winced at his loud laughter and said a quiet yes, he quietly said, "That is not a truck! That is an orange, rust bucket on wheels. Didn't they pay you anything to be an NFL cheerleader?" I playfully smacked his stomach with the hand not holding his tee to my head. "That truck has seen me through a lot. I have had it since… um, well, since high school. I love it. No making fun of it." "Well, if you say it runs, I guess it will do." He helped me into my old truck and reminded me to keep pressure on my head. As he ran around the front, he pulled out his cell phone. I saw him hit a few buttons and then, the number 3 on his speed dial. I became slightly confused trying to understand Emmett's side of the conversation as he drove to the hospital. "Hey, I'm on my way to the ER. Can you meet me?" "No. No, I'm not hurt. Newton didn't lose control of his run today." Then, he laughed loudly, but cut off quickly when he saw me wince. "A new friend of mine hit her head on her desk and cut it open." "No, I didn't do it!" "It is bleeding pretty badly. It will probably need stitches." "Yes, I think I know more than you