Chapter 1 Katniss "Hello everyone." Professor Abernathy said in scratchy voice as he rose from his desk and strode over to his podium. The class grumbled a greeting in response. "I'm surprised to see you all back in one piece after spring. I know it's the first day back so everyone is probably not too excited to be here. Well, nor am I, so today's class will be short. We do have a guest lecturer that will be coming this Tuesday so you all won't have to deal with me, or my assignments for too much longer." Some of the faces around Katniss brightened as the Professor mentioned that. "Before we left we talked about the history of business, the relationship of business and society and how they depend on each other. So I'm assigning you a short essay of no less than 10,000 words reviewing that topic. Think of it as a farewell gift." Professor Abernathy smiled as some of his students groaned in complaint. "Yes, yes I know. You all hate me. Now leave me to tend to my hangover. Class dismissed." Everyone started to gather their things and leave the room. Katniss stayed in her seat. She was always the last to leave this class. "Get those assignments done and on my desk Monday morning!" Professor Haymitch called after his students as they rushed to exit his class. He sat back down behind his desk with a grunt and took a swig from the canteen that he hide in his bottom drawer. Another student, Cato, Katniss remembered, stood at the edge of the Professor's desk waiting, without patience, for the Professor to acknowledge him. Katniss finished scribbling some extra notes on a Post It about her recently assigned essay and stuck it in her day planner. She took her time packing up her laptop and notebook and made her way to the Professor's desk, just as Cato was finishing up his conversation. "Professor, I'm not really sure how I'll be able to turn my assignment in if we don't have class on Monday. We only meet, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday." Cato complained in a very whiny tone. "And I have class that day all the way in the other building so what do you expect me to do?" Professor Abernathy held his canteen in his hands and gave Cato a very amused look. "Cato," The Professor sighed, "My due date is on Monday at 9am. So to answer your question, I expect you to turn it in by that time. Now, let's say you turn it in on Monday at around noonish. I will let you enter my class and place it on my desk. But will I take my time to grade it? No. Your paper will meet the fate of my shredder if that were to happen." Cato gave the Professor a very deathly look, but Professor Abernathy wasn't even paying him attention anymore. "Hello Ms. Everdeen! I meant to acknowledge your presence earlier but it would have seemed that I had a class to attend to." Professor Abernathy beamed as he regarded his favorite student. "Professor Abernathy," Katniss inclined her head towards him in greeting. Unlike many of her classmates, she enjoyed this class due to her Professors blunt attitude and tendencies to keep it short and simple when giving examples. "You know I hate it when you call me that. Its Haymitch to you." He said as he gave her a wink and offered her his canteen. "Thanks, but no thanks Haymitch." Katniss said laughing a little. "So what's the scoop. Who's the guest lecturer?" "That, my young grasshopper, I cannot tell you. All you must know is that he's much smarter than the rest of you idiots." Haymitch said smiling while opening his laptop to check his emails. Katniss' efforts were interrupted when someone knocked on the door. "I thought I'd find you in here Katnip" Gale said, leaning against the door frame. "You're late to lunch. What's up Haymitch?" "Gale, nice to see you. Still being an ass to all your teachers?" Haymitch mumbled back, faced now buried in his computer. Gale laughed, "Nope, only to you Mitchy. You ready?" He pointed at Katniss and she nodded and grabbed her bag. "I'll be back to grill you some more Haymitch!" Katniss called out to her Professor as she walked out the door with Gale. They walked out into the next building where the Cafe area was. Katniss' stomach grumbled as the smell of pizza wafted around her. Gale chatted easily as they walked into the cafe and found the table where their friends were sitting. "Katniss!" Rue exclaimed as she jumped up from her seat and gave Katniss a big hug. Katniss hadn't seen Rue all break, but talked to her almost everyday via text message. "Hey, hey, rue you're squeezing all the air out of me" Katniss chuckled and she shimmied from the girls embrace and found a chair. "Hey Katniss, we were just talking about all of us going out tonight. It's only right since we haven't seen each other in what seems like forever." Madge, an old time friend of Katniss, said as she gave a warm smile. "Didn't I just see you like, I don't know? Yesterday?" Said Katniss, tugging Madge's braid as she got back up in the pursuit of pizza. "Katniss, don't be a party pooper. You know you want to go." Madge said. "Besides who will sing backup for gale when a whiny John Mayer song comes on?" Annie butted in making Rue and Madge giggle at her comment. "Hey, John Mayer is not whiny, he's just emotional." Gale grumbled with a mouth full of muffin. But Katniss wasn't hearing any of that because she was already in line to her a slice of pizza. Katniss typically didn't want to hear anything anyone was saying in general until she had her food. After ordering two slices of pepperoni pizza and a water bottle she made her way back over to her table. "So Katniss are we taking my car or yours?" Annie said snapping Katniss back into the conversation. "Whaa?" Katniss replied with a mouth full of pizza. She chewed and swallowed. "I told you guys, I'm not going. I have a paper to write anyways." "Katniss, please go. You can do your paper tomorrow." Madge pleaded. Katniss knew how Madge wanted to go out more but hated going alone. Katniss also knew how much her presence would comfort Madge. "Come on katnip, it won't be fun without you. We could play darts. Or how about this, if you go, I'll buy you some Chipotle! Hmmmm, how does that sound?" Said Gale as he wiggled his eyebrows. "Oh Gale, you know me so well." Katniss laughed, "Okay, okay, I'll go. But we're not using my car. If I'm being forced to do this, than we waste your gas, not mine." "Then it's settled, we'll meet at Club Bobcat at around 9?" Annie smiled brightly and clasped her hands together. "Excuse me? Club what? I thought we were going to like Riverside tavern or something." Said Katniss. "Katniss, we're not old men. Only truck drivers go there." Rue giggled. "Gale and I go there all the time." Katniss said, but before she could make a better argument, Gale placed his hand over her mouth. "Katnip, calm down. It'll be fun, first round of beer is on me." Gale rubbed her arm soothingly. Katniss just nodded her head in defeat. Peeta Peeta's phone vibrated on the counter behind him; he hurried to the sink to wash the flour from his hands before answering his phone. "Hello?" He breathed into the phone. "Hey, Peeta, are you almost ready to go?" He heard Johanna's irritated voice on the other side of the phone. He checked the time and it was going on 9:00. Shit, he mumbled under his breath while scribbling a note for Delly and rushing out the bakery. "Uhhh, yea Jo, give me 10 minutes. I just got out the shower." Said Peeta as he jogged down the street to his house. Peeta ran inside, stripping as we went, grabbed a towel, and jumped in the shower. The cold water hit his back with chilling surprise as he quickly adjusted his water temperature. He washed up in a flash, trying to get all the flour off of him. He had just threw on a grey v-neck and a pair of jeans when he heard his doorbell ring. Peeta made his way to his door as they knocked impatiently. "Johanna, what a pleasant surprise. What brings you to my humble abode?" Peeta said sarcastically while stepping aside to let her in. "Cut the shit Peeta, Annie is pissed because we're not there yet. She said Finnick's already talking about going back home to change his shirt again." Said Johanna. "Sorry, I got held up at the Barkery. I'm ready now though." Peeta smiled a dazzling smile although Johanna wasn't fazed. "Alright, let's go." Was all she said. After much discussion, they ended up driving Peeta's car. Peeta was relieved that Johanna let him drive without putting up much of a fight, she tended to get really drunk and lose her keys in the process. Peeta and Johanna hopped in the car and sped away. Katniss Katniss wiggled uncomfortably under her skin tight clothing. Her hair hung in loose waves down her back and she was showing much more tan skin and cleavage than she would have liked. Gale glanced over at her and gave her a kind smile, "You look great Katnip." He said. Madge had come over Katniss' apartment with clothes and makeup. She dressed Katniss up like she was her own personal doll, willing her to just, ' Stay still for a few more minutes' . And with patience-and a glass of wine-Katniss was rewarded by seeing a girl who looked nothing like herself in the mirror. Madge had brought out the green in Katniss' eyes with hues of gold and brown in her eyeshadow, and accentuated all of Katniss' curves with a high waist wrap skirt and matching top. Katniss decided to do all of this in the honor of her friends new sense of confidence. Madge had been a very good friend of Katniss since they were younger. Once they both got accepted to the same college, they began to hang out even more. Growing up, Madge had been terribly shy, but she was beginning to blossom out of her shell. Katniss knew that going along with Madge and dressing up made her more secure about doing so herself. Katniss stole a glance at the girl in the rearview mirror, She was all fair skin and cascades of long blonde hair. Madge caught Katniss' eye and smiled back at her. "Did you hear me Katnip? I said maybe we can find you a man tonight, someone who can take that temper of yours." Gale said as he dodge a hit from Katniss while pulling into the club. The group shuffled out of the car and made their way over to the bouncer in front of the club. Apparently Annie had some connections and had all of their names put on the list. They walked into a room the size of a huge circle with smaller circles inside of it. The dance floor was round as well, with stairs leading down into it, which reminded Katniss of a shallow indoor pool. The floor was packed with people clad in skin tight clothes, all swaying to the Pop mix that the DJ was playing. Around the walls of the room were smaller circles that served as lounge areas, most of them had little to no lighting. Good, Katniss thought, I can get a drink and hide over there. Gale lead them to the bar area on the other side of the room, where Annie, Rue, and some others were waiting around. Rue's face brightened when she