This is a one shot idea I had about if the Rebellion had failed. It focuses primarily on Effie and Haymitch and their relationship and developments as they attempt to survive together. Feedback is greatly loved and appreciated, I would love to know your thoughts! Anyway, I hope you enjoy! -Jen " From birth, man carries the weight of gravity on his shoulders. He is bolted to earth. But man has only to sink beneath the surface and he is free." -Jacques Yves Costeau For so long they had run, feet pounding against dry earth, lungs exploding with bursts of oxygen and dust. The branches tore at their skin, leaving thin traces of red in their wake. But they continued on, unstoppable, barreling deeper and deeper into the oblivion that soon would become their own. Fingers digging into wrists, bruises forming underneath the tight grasp. He wouldn't let go, he would never let go. The warmth against his palm, the flutters of a heartbeat pulsating underneath, she was all he had left in this world now. And for that, his energy surged, continuing on as they moved and only stopping when his companion's knees gave way beside him. "We have to keep going," he urged, tugging at the still figure beside him. "We'll be found and killed if we don't. Dammit woman, come on!" Effie Trinket shook her head, tears running down her scratched and soot covered face. She had been pulled from the darkness a short a time ago, made to escape when her recovery had not nearly been complete. So long she had spent in the dungeons of the Capitol, awaiting a certain death. And then, when the miracle arrived, whisking her away from the place, she naively believed to be free. The bombs soon followed, and with them, the destruction they held. Peeta. Katniss. Everyone. She hadn't even been given the chance to say farewell. "I can't," she panted, her voice hoarse from lack of water. "No more, Haymitch. I simply cannot run anymore!" "We don't have a choice!" Haymitch insisted, drops of sweat sliding down his temples and the brim of his nose. "Effie, we have to keep going. Not much further, I promise. We'll find somewhere safe, bunker down for the night. Just a little further. Don't do this. Don't give up. Not yet." And thus they continued, swishing past broken shrub and overgrown weed as they carried on, even deeper into the woods. The smoke and fires were long gone, left back in the opening with the whizzing bullets and cries of distress. They were all dead now, the people. Effie had watched others fall who had been brave enough to pursue the forests. But by yet another miracle, she and Haymitch had been untouched by the weapons of the Capitol. Left in a wake that would surely become an even larger storm as time passed. The air was cold, burning their lungs when Haymitch finally decided to halt. His knees gave way, a grunt escaping his mouth as he made contact with the earth. Effie moved beside him, a hand on his shoulder as she looked around at what their surroundings were. Trees, taller than any the former escort had ever seen, towered over them like skyscrapers. It was dark, and whether it was due to the overgrown canopy or the simple fact it was night out, she was unsure. Thirst. Hunger. Exhaustion. All three elements found the two as they wandered slowly around the new area. It had begun to drizzle when they finally came across a stone outcrop, nearly hidden by the several large trees that had fallen over it. Haymitch nudged Effie, pointing to it. It wasn't much, far from anything either were used to, but it would have to do for the night. Crawling on hands and knees, pushing aside branches and other debris, they squeezed inside, finding it only tall enough for either to sit up in. "Can't we build a fire?" Effie whispered, hugging herself tightly as the roar of the rain grew louder. "We'll freeze to death in conditions like this." Haymitch merely shook his head. "The rock walls will protect us from the elements," he mumbled. "And the space is so small, our body heat will warm us eventually. We can't do anything that will cause attention to our spot. Right now, we're as good as sitting ducks." Effie swallowed, leaning back against the cold stone. It felt surreal, all of this, as if she were watching one of the previous Hunger Games. Except, these weren't the Games and there would be no support from the Capitol in the means of sponsor gifts. No backpack of supplies. No weapons on hand. They were completely alone in this journey, only having one another to rely on. She wanted to go home, even though there was none to return to. "We'll go to the ocean," Haymitch said suddenly, rousing Effie from a slumber she had not realized she'd fallen into. "Take a boat and escape from here." "And go where?" She inquired, her tone of voice slipping into one she rarely used. "Haymitch, we have no idea what is out there! No one ever goes beyond the boundaries of Panem." "Anywhere is better than here," Haymitch replied, gazing out into the bramble that shaded them. "It's our only chance at this point." The rain had stopped by the next morning, leaving the ground a saturated messed when Haymitch and Effie finally exited their shelter. It was brighter out, the land covered by a dense white fog that seemed to envelop most of what their vision could captured. They were reduced to drinking out of what little water collected in the leaves, Effie only complaining about this circumstance twice before giving in to the task. It felt good, the cool liquid slipping down their raw throats. And the more she drank, the more Effie craved. "Slow down," Haymitch instructed when he noticed the escort on her eighth leaf. "You'll make yourself sick." "I'm starving," she exhaled, looking to the man in desperation. "Haymitch, we have to find some sort of food source." "Soon," he promised. "We have to start moving though. By now, I'm sure the Capitol has already sent out troops to..." he paused, catching the look in Effie's eyes. "We can't sit around and wait here any longer. We need to keep going." Thus began their walking. Marching on deeper and deeper into the unknown. Effie trudged behind Haymitch, her feet sloshing in the marshy ground as they continued on. She smelled of sweat and soot. Her hair, once a curly blonde, now falling in tangled clumps down her shoulders. A shell of her former self. The lavished Effie Trinket reduced to nothing more than a grungy, homeless being. But that, though terrible, was a much better fate than what could have followed. They continued on like this for a countless time, stopping only when it was completely necessary. At one point, the mentor came across a berry bush-blackberries as they turned out to be upon closer inspection. Handfuls they crammed into their mouths, clearing the plant until there was nothing left. The juice stained their hands, purple mixing with dirt. Repulsive. Primitive. Effie struggled to envision what she looked like right now. Quite frankly, she didn't wish to know. "We must've gone at least twenty miles today," Effie said breathlessly when she and Haymitch finally decided to take a much deserved break. "Surely we are out of harm's way." Haymitch shook his head, wiping sweat from his brow with the back of his hand. "No one is ever safe, Princess," he muttered, glancing up at the canopy overhead. The trees seemed to be growing taller, the branches much thicker than they were before. They had to be right in the belly of the forest, if not close. "We'll walk a few more miles and then call it a night. It'll be dark soon." She inhaled, fingers clenched tightly against her palms as she took in his words. Though appearance would lie, Effie was far from being fit. She wasn't used to walking such distances in such conditions. Her feet ached, skin softened from the soaking ground. Right now, nothing seemed more welcoming than a warm fire and perhaps a cup or two of lavender tea. But such luxuries were far gone, replaced with rain water and wild fruits. "When we get to the ocean, it will be much better," Haymitch said between breaths, his steps becoming limps the further they went. "We can catch things to eat and purify the water. It won't be heaven, but it will sure as hell beat this." He glanced behind him, noticing Effie was slowly beginning to fall behind. "You've gotta move faster than that, Princess. You're just going to make it longer for the both of us." "I'm going as fast as I can," Effie snapped, yelping when she accidentally made contact with a spider web. "Oh, I despise this. I really, really despise this. We should just turn back. I don't care anymore. Whatever happens to us, let it! I just want to go back!" Haymitch stopped in his tracks, turning around to face Effie as she stood her ground. If stares could kill, both lives would have been ended instantly. The mentor gritted his teeth together, nodding his head out of anger as if he struggled to process what she had just said. "And go back to what exactly?" Haymitch inquired, his voice surprisingly cold. "There is nothing to go back to, Effie! Hazelle Hawthorne, Prim Everdeen, Finnick Odair..." "No," Effie whispered, covering her ears. "Stop it." "Beetee, Mrs. Everdeen, Gale Hawthorne, Peeta Mellark, Katniss-" "Stop it!" She shouted, her eyes wild as she gazed at the mentor. "Just stop it!" "All are dead, Effie," Haymitch shouted over her. "There is no District Thirteen anymore! We can never go back!" Tears were streaming down the escort's face, smearing dirt and sap. She glared at Haymitch, a look of hatred in her eyes. They weren't dead. They couldn't be. To her, at least, she would refuse to believe it. Despite everything that happened, Effie Trinket was still in denial that this wasn't anything but a dream. A nightmare. That she would wake up, be safe back at her home in the Capitol. That the Quarter Quell never happened. That Peeta and Katniss were both safe and alive. "Don't touch me," she snapped when Haymitch took a step closer. "Just...just stay back, please...Just leave me alone..." They went without talking for the rest of the evening, ultimately finding shelter in a brush pile a few miles from where they once were. Dinner went without question that night, neither really having an appetite as they lay down among the old leaves and broken branches. Effie rested her head on her arms, shifting uncomfortably as rock and stick poked and prodded at her body. She hated this silence, possibly more than anything else at the moment. Silence was loneliness. Loneliness was sorrow. "Why did you save me?" She asked quietly, peering over at the curled up figure off to her side. "Why didn't you just leave me back there and save yourself?" For a moment, there was no reply. Effie watched, blinking in the darkness, wondering if maybe Haymitch had fallen asleep. It was then, in a very soft whisper, she heard it. "Because I couldn't let someone else die." Days turned into weeks as Haymitch and Effie continued through the mountainous regions of what Haymitch assumed might be the outskirts of District Twelve. They ate what they could-usually berries or roots, maybe a squirrel if the former mentor managed to kill one. Starving, thin, their clothes mere rags of what they once were, they pressed on, determined to reach their desired destination. "My hair looks positively terrible," Effie sighed, peering at her reflection in a small creek they had come across. "I'll never be able to get these tangles