Will first realized he was gay as he watched Nico di Angelo lead an undead army into combat along side his father, the King of the Underworld. From a great distance in the impromptu medical tents in the high grounds of Manhattan in a non-combat zone, Will saw the once excitable and obnoxiously dweeby boy now as brave and strong and courageous and heroic and powerful and hot and se— Well, those aren't straight thoughts... Will inner-monologued. After the battle and the war were over, Will was far too busy to revel in the celebrations, needing to get back into the groove of regular camper life. He led the infirmary in caring for those injured during the battle and then for those newly injured during overzealous camp activities after boosts in campers egos from surviving a war. His siblings needed his emotional support after the loss of yet another brother and head camper. They needed his physical presence just as much as his emotional presence. Every tiny ounce of him left, after giving so much to so many people, went to coming to terms with his newly developing sexuality. Of course, he had liked girls before. He would think a girl is cute and then the moment that girl did a single nice thing for him, he had a crush, and, due to his laid back tendencies as well as not feeling as if it was that big of a deal, Will had a few hand-holding girlfriends. At thirteen, it had never occurred to him to think very hard on why he didn't really care to do more than hug and hold hands. It had never even occurred to him to consider boys in the same way, but never before had he felt such an attraction. He finally understood what the movies and songs and his own father went on about. He remembered how his blood heated up as he watched the Son of Hades cut down enemies with ease and agility. He was unstoppable, and the thought made Will's skin tingle. He had intended to try to see Nico again in camp. The infirmary was the best place in camp to get the juiciest gossip (part of why the Aphrodite campers were always happy to lend a hand in there), so Will heard tidbits here and there about how he was doing. He didn't feel any urgency to find the other boy. Yes, he opened Will's eyes to his developed attraction, but Will didn't know enough about the guy to decide that he officially had a crush on him. Will also knew he had the rest of the summer to hang out and get to know Nico. He wasn't going anywhere, right? After all the injured campers from the battle had been healed and sent on their merry way to injure themselves again, the waves of new injured campers cycled through. He was treating a Son of Ares with a nasty gash in his bicep. The injured boy howled and screamed death threats at Will and glared daggers at him from the apparent agony of the stitch work. He was the only healer willing to treat these patients, since he was the only one unphased by their intense and scary demeanor as well as their threats and glares. There was just something about the angry looks that he couldn't take seriously. He didn't believe a word the Ares boy said, so he didn't think there was any reason to fear them. He was half way through stitching up the boy's jagged wound, when he heard the door to the infirmary open and close followed by scurried steps and low whispers. Will turned to see that Nico di Angelo, aided by another camper, limped in on one foot while also clutching his arm to his chest. Will turned back to his patient and made a note to stop by whichever bed Nico would be put at to say hi and catch up. Will wanted to know more about this attraction of his. A tap on Will's shoulder revealed to have come from his sister. She looked anxious and tried to whisper something in his ear. He leaned his head down to her, never ceasing his stitching. She anxiously whispered, "It's Nico di Angelo," as if that explained it all. "And?" Will replied, looking at his sister in confusion. She looked over her shoulder back at the newest patient then back at Will imploringly, "And he's scary and looks really angry. Can you take him? Austin said he'd take over for you here." Will was a bit thrown by the reaction Nico di Angelo got from his sister but agreed nonetheless. "Let me finish off these last few stitches then Austin can bandage him up. I'll be right over," he assured his sister. She gave his arm a grateful squeeze and then walked away. Will tied off the last stitch and patted the Son of Ares on the shoulder, to which the boy flinched and threw another angry glare at Will. "Alright. Your stitches are done. Austin will wrap you up then you'll be done. Don't forget to finish that nectar," Will reminded the boy who, in a fight, would decimate him. The Ares boy grunted. Will took that as affirmation. With a final firm pat on the shoulder, which resulted in another yelp, Will made his way to his next patient, Nico di Angelo. As Will approached, he saw the camper who had helped Nico in trying to joke with the boy. Nico clearly didn't want to be joked with. Each time the other camper would elbow him when Nico was supposed to laugh, Nico would slide a glare to him that wiped the smile off his face. Once Will arrived, Nico looked up at him unimpressed. Will greeted him, "Hey, Nico. So, what happened?" Nico looked at Will appraisingly for a long few moments. Will didn't know how to interpret the look, but he knew he liked the boy's eyes on him. Will smiled despite himself. Nico's eyes went straight to that smile then he looked back down at his feet. Will was about to ask Nico again, when the boy finally spoke, though mostly to his feet. "I was climbing the lava rock wall by myself. I fell. I yelped. Jake heard as he was passing by. Now I'm here, burned," he raised his arm without flinching to show Will the nasty bubbly burns along Nico's forearm, "and broken," Nico jostled his leg to indicate it was injured. Jake placed his large hand on Nico's slight shoulder and opened his mouth to talk. Nico shot him another look, and Jake moved his hand to his own hip instead, saying his piece anyway. "This is the toughest kid I know! He says yelp, but it was more like a whoosh . And after that, not a single complaint. This kid's intense, I'll tell you that." Jake smiled at Nico. Nico didn't glare back, but he also didn't look too pleased. "It's not that bad. Really," Nico insisted quietly. Will began his healing, "Well, let's check it out then. Which hurts more, arm or leg?" Nico seemed to consider the question. "Leg," he replied. Will crouched down to Nico's leg. Nico tried to lift the leg to give Will better access to it, but Will told him to relax. He rolled up Nico's pant leg to reveal purple and black bruises already forming. Even without X-ray vision or his own actual healing powers, Will could tell the ankle was broken. Gently laying his hand just above the bruises, Will assessed the full damage. He closed his eyes and could sense the severity, or lack there of, of the break. He looked up at Nico, who stared right back at Will. Will's words were caught in his throat. This bed was situated right bedside an open window. The bright sunlight illuminated Nico from behind in a way that made him look far more angelic than any human ever should. The halo of light around his head was made more intense by the stark darkness of his hair and the intensity in his eyes. The boy's soft features were made ephemeral by the shadows of his expression. Will had never and would never again describe any boy or any other boy as beautiful. Will felt his ears turn red as he realized that not only was he staring at his patient, but he also couldn't believe how lame he had just become. Apparently, he was not only gay, but also a romantic sap. Will broke the spell Nico had put on him, when he looked at Jake Mason, who didn't seem to have noticed a thing. He had lost interest in the procedure and was instead inspecting some medical equipment. Will looked back to Nico who had turned his head to observe the other campers with little interest. Will tapped Nico's leg to get his attention back. He easily explained the situation with Nico's leg, "It's definitely broken, but it's a clean break, so I can heal it with a hymn and an ace bandage. You'll be ready to climb again by this time tomorrow. You ready?" Nico nodded his head, his eyes never leaving Will's. The intensity in Nico's stare made Will's hands shake. He had to tear his eyes back to the task at hand and take a deep breath to calm his nerves from the boy on his table. He wrapped his hands around Nico's ankle and sang a hymn to his father. When the song was over, the bruises were almost completely gone, and he could sense that the brake was entirely mended. He grabbed an extra ace bandage from the medic pouch on his hip, wrapped, and secured it around the newly repaired ankle. He rubbed soothing circles into the flesh and looked up at his patient. Nico's eyes were shut in relaxation and his shoulders were slumped. Will explained as he continued to rub Nico's ankle, "It's completely healed, but it's going to be sore until tomorrow." He asked, "How does that feel?" Nico opened his eyes and pulled his leg from Will's grasp, though not ungently. Accepting Nico's lack of a verbal response, Will stood up to inspect the burn. As he turned Nico's arm over and around, he made conversation with Jake. "So, Jake, where were you headed when you found this damsel in distress?" Jake laughed, as Nico retracted his arm and threw a particularly sour look at Will, to which Will smiled. He reclaimed Nico's arm and began treating it with anti-septic to prepare for the healing. The less magical energy he had to exert on each healing, the less drained he'd become and the more patients he could treat. Jake shuffled on his feet for a moment before he started talking. He reexamined the nearby medical supplies as he spoke. "Ah, well, I was headed to Bunker 9 to gather all my campers to clean our rooms together. It's been getting out of control these days. I let it slide since we just returned from battle, but now it's too much." He paused for a long moment. He looked over his shoulder at Will, and Will held his gaze, sensing there was something troubling Jake. "Plus, you know, it's still hard sometimes. Telling my siblings what to do all the time. Leading a cabin, it's not all about being the most gifted. There's a lot of responsibility and a lot other skills involved." Will thought on what Jake had said, as he began to sing a hymn to his father to heal Nico's burns. He had just come into being a cabin counselor himself. He too was learning all the different metaphorical hats he had to wear to fully care for his siblings. When he finished the song, he turned to Jake and leveled him with his eyes, one hand on his hip, the other unconsciously still wrapped around Nico's wrist.