AUTHOR'S NOTE: It is my firm belief that when Nico was hit with Cupid's arrow, it made it so that the next time he saw his soul mate/love of his life, he would instantly fall head over heels for that person instead of gradually falling in love over time, as was the natural progression of his destined love. Will was meant to be the one who fell hard and fast, but Nico was struck by the arrow and made more open to a relationship, though platonic at first, speeding up the process by many, many years. Will came to absolutely adore and love the sweet and funny boy who had some personal stuff to work through, rather than lusting from afar the aloof and distant bad-boy Son of Hades whom he has to work up the courage to talk to on one of his very rare visits to camp and eventually come to realize there's a lot more to Nico than a strong jaw line and a tight ass, like his sense of humor and how deeply he cares for misunderstood creatures who just want friends. In my mind, if the arrow hadn't struck Nico, he either wouldn't have stayed those three days or wouldn't have seen Will's actions as kind or as a sign of affection. He would have ignored people trying to befriend him and been angsty about having been attracted to Percy and hero-worshipped him for so long just like he had after the Titan Wars, leaving for long periods of time and struggling to form strong bonds with people for many years. His relationships with the friends he made in House of Hades and Blood of Olympus eventually gives him the stability in his life that allows him to work through his hardships and become emotionally stable enough to accept Will's affection. They then are able to begin a relationship together after many years of struggling with themselves and each other. So, basically, thinking about how much angstier their relationship could have been makes me enjoy the sweetness of my head canons even more! Healing and Respect Nico slept the whole three days he was to stay at the infirmary. He was only woken to eat ambrosia and drink water. Also, once a day, Will would wake him up to help heal his shriveled stomach. Will, having taken a seat on the bed beside Nico's, explained the procedure to Nico, who sat up to listen. Activating his Doctor Solace mode, Will said, "I heard they held you captive in a jar for six days and that even before that you didn't really have much meat on your bones to sustain you through that time. I believe your stomach has shrunk to the point where you can't take in the necessary nutrients that will get you healthy again. If you'd let me, I'd like to heal your stomach to better than normal to speed your recovery in the long run." Nico was hopeful at the thought of a quicker recovery. His belly had always been a painful part of his body, since he was terrible at keeping a regular eating schedule and would often accidentally starve himself. Since his time in the bronze jar, the pain had turned excruciating at times. During the intensity of the quest and battles, he was able to ignore it. But, once the adrenaline ran out, he was back to clutching his stomach in hunger but still unable to eat more than a few bites of substantial food without throwing it back up. Still, he was nervous about how Will would perform this healing. He voiced those concerns to Will, and Will very patiently explained. Starting to realize exactly how much Nico did not like to be touched, especially without his consent, Will explained his adjusted procedure, "I'll put my hands on you and sing a hymn to my dad, and you'll heal from his blessing. It's completely painless and very quick. If you'll let me, I could either put my hands on your stomach or your back. Both work just as well. Whichever you're more comfortable with is what we'll go with." He clasped his hands together both for emphasis and to await Nico's reply. With a hesitancy that only came from a preference to not be touched, he told Will he'd prefer his back. Will stood up and told Nico to lie on his stomach and get comfortable. Since Nico was visibly uncomfortable with the physical aspect of the interaction, Will further adjusted his normal procedures to accommodate his patient. Instead of crawling on top of him to get himself more comfortable, he stood at the edge of the bed at Nico's middle. He would usually completely lift the camper's shirt up to make sure he got a good view of the area in which he would be working as well as to check for other injuries. Most campers lacked modesty and would rip their shirts off before he could even ask, but he could tell that Nico wouldn't want any of that. "I'm going to take a peak at the rest of your back, just protocol in case there's something else I should catch. I won't lift it up. Just peak through," he warned. Nico tensed just a little but did not protest. Will lifted the shirt away from Nico's back but didn't lift it up so that anybody else could see. He saw a few bruises, so he decided to sing an extra hymn for those, too. He let Nico know so he wouldn't be caught off guard when it happened. Nico hummed in consent. Will then placed his hands wide and flat across the middle of Nico's back, where his stomach would be a few inches below. Nico didn't flinch this time, but he also didn't relax. Will began to sing his hymn to heal Nico's atrophied stomach. It lasted about a minute. Will could feel his hands warming with the blessing of his father, as well as Nico relaxing into a puddle of goo beneath his hands. When the hymn was over, Will slid his hands up Nico's back to sing another hymn for his bruises. Nico sighed in content from the movement, but otherwise made no move. Noting his relaxed state, Will took the opportunity to message a few knots he sensed in Nico's back. The boy did not protest, which surprised Will. When Will was done, he adjusted Nico's shirt back to order and took a step back. "All done, Nico. Now go back to sleep, doctor's orders," he commanded with a feigned stern tone. When Nico didn't reply, Will realized his eyes were not only closed in relaxation, but also in sleep. Will pulled the bed covers back over Nico and tucked him in. Will performed the procedure once a day for each of the three days Nico stayed at the infirmary. He was really glad he had been so stern with Nico about staying. He didn't want to think about the physical toll Nico would have put on his body if he kept going as he had intended. The Speech After Nico's three days of sleeping was up, Will came by to see Nico before he was officially released. Will had debated on whether or not to give Nico his little speech. He wanted to explain to Nico something he felt was very important as well as something that he knew Nico wouldn't admit to himself. After spending the last few days chatting with seemingly hordes of visitors trying to see Nico, learning about the enormous struggles he endured and the impossible feats he performed and seeing all the love people had for him, Will felt the need to set Nico straight on a few things the he thought the boy had crooked. He wasn't sure if it were his place, and he worried he'd scare him off from camp for good, but he knew Nico needed to hear this. Nico was a good guy but troubled from having very few kind, adult influences in his life. Will didn't want to, and honestly couldn't, take on that role, but he recognized that someone needed to say this to him. No one else seemed to be stepping in for the guy's sake, so he resolved himself to being "that guy" who lectured his peers on things with which he himself still struggled. While still seeming a bit drowsy, Nico held himself with more energy and strength than Will had ever seen him. He wondered for how long Nico had gone without a real rest. Will considered if long-term sleep deprivation might have been the root of Nico's health problems. Nico sat at the edge of his bed and took in his surrounding, observing the other injured campers around him with interest and concern. Will approached from behind and gave a small greeting to announce himself to Nico. "Hey, Nico," Will said, coming around and sitting on the edge of the bed beside Nico's. Nico made eye contact with Will and nodded his head in greeting, following Will with his eyes as he sat down. Will didn't know what to do with his hands once he became nervous and thought he should do something with them. He settled for very purposely clasping them together, and by that point he realized he had already made the interaction awkward. Though Nico sat casually, Will felt his eyes boring into him. "So, your time is up." He paused to take in Nico's reaction, though after a moment he wondered why he did that. Nico just nodded, making no other move. "And, while you're free to do whatever you want..." He suddenly felt as if the speech he had planned was the most contrived, condescending, piece of baloney he had ever thought of and completely lost his previously waning muster. He looked down at his awkwardly clasped hands and twisted them for a few moments before he resolved himself to speak from the heart and tell Nico what he felt he needed to tell him. First step, stop focusing on his own hands. He looked back up at Nico with an intensity that seemed to startle the boy. "I stopped you after the battle, because you were dead on your feet. You had been imprisoned for nearly a week, watched two friends literally fall into hell, and then Underworlded Away-" He saw Nico scrunch his brow and open his mouth to correct him, but he gave him a look that shot him down. "-ACROSS the world only to then engage in combat. Even the greatest hero would need more than a nap to sustain himself. And you were about to go off running to some place to be a loner. That's not a sustainable life-style. And that's not in my professional opinion. That's just fact. And it may be heroic and brave to die in battle, but it would destroy your friends to lose you because you didn't take care of yourself. People care about you, Nico. I don't think you know that, because that's the only reason I could imagine would lead you down that path of self-destruction. You have friends and family who care about you, and if you die they will feel your loss. There will be a hole in their lives and hearts that will never heal, because, while a comrade lost in battle is tragic, one lost by his own sloth is wasteful and leaves wounds in its wake." Will watched as his words sunk in. He saw more hurt in Nico's expression than anything else. Will didn't know what he had been expecting, but hurt wasn't it. He racked his brain for another way to say this, one that wouldn't guilt Nico into taking better care of himself. "You're important, Nico." Will dripped his head down low to catch Nico's eyes, which the boy hid behind his overgrown hair. "I barely know you, and I am pretty invested in you already. Do