Author's Note: Hmm, did I write this fic for the holiday cheer, or just so I could pick on Lego some more? You be the judge. Thanks a billion and one to my green eyed kittykat, for supplying a never-ending stream of furry little plot hobbits to keep my messed up imagination going faster than Shadowfax on the plains of Rohan. Hope you enjoy. And Happy Yule, everyone! Disclaimer: All characters and places mentioned in this fic are borrowed from Prof. Tolkien and the New Line Cinema people. I am forever in their debt. Note: Any persons who died in the trilogy, and were actually mourned , have been allowed to come back for Yule. All other events that took place other than deaths can be assumed to have still occurred. Just please disregard the death factor. Thank you. o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o Snow was just beginning to fall through the quiet winter forest as Legolas, son of Thranduil and prince of Mirkwood, rode into Rivendell. The last rays of the setting sun drifted through the bare trees, lending the evening a peaceful feel. The elf shook his head once, sending the flakes that had settled in his long blonde hair flying. The snow was wet and heavy, the kind that settled on pine boughs and clung to the frozen ground. Legolas smiled as his horse rounded the last bend in the road, and the Last Homely House came into view. Imladris. Rivendell. At last. He and his companion had been riding for days, and he was anxious to get in out of the cold. Speaking of his companion... He glanced back over his shoulder at the dwarf seated behind him. Gimli had nodded off hours ago, and a thin blanket of snow had settled on his sleeping form. The elf smirked, tempted to lead the horse over a few fallen logs and wake his friend up. But, no. That wouldn't be nice at all. "Wake up, Gimli! We're almost there. It's a lovely evening." "It's snowing," came the gruff, sleepy answer. "How can that be lovely?" Legolas was about to reply when the sound of singing reached his gently pointed ears. Not elvish singing, but still happy and carefree. He smiled widely. "It seems we are about to meet friends upon the road." "What's that?" Gimli asked absently, shaking the snow off himself. "You'll see." And soon, sure enough, over a low rise from the direction of the river, there appeared through the falling snow four little ponies loaded with four singing hobbits. Legolas urged his horse into a trot to meet them. "Hail and well met, little ones!" he said, lifting one hand to wave. "Look, it's Gimli and Legolas!" Pippin cried, startling his sleepy little pony. The pony gave a small jump of protest that sent Pippin tumbling into the swiftly accumulating snow. "Ouch! What was that for, I'd like to know?" "Oh, Pippin," Merry sighed, giving him a hand up. "Hello, both of you!" Frodo laughed. "It's wonderful to see the two of you again! It's been far too long." "Good evening, little hobbits," Gimli smiled. "Good evening and good Yule. But let us get in out of this beastly weather before we proceed with any extensive greetings." The dwarf cast a sour look at the low, dark clouds that threatened still more snow. O.O.O.O.O It took only a little while for the party to reach the stables. They were greeted there not by servants, as expected, but By Elladan and Elrohir, Elrond's twin sons. "Mae govannion!" they cried, nearly pulling Legolas and Gimli off their horse in their enthusiasm. "We were worried you wouldn't get here tonight, after all! Father is expecting all of you. Go on inside, we will see to your beasts." "Bill ain't no beast," Sam protested as he dismounted. "He's a right smart little pony. And he takes offense to such names." "We'll remember," Elladan laughed. "The best stall we have for Clever Bill. Legolas, get on indoors. We will look after Arod." "See that you do," the blonde elf grinned, affectionately petting his mount. "Arod is a dear friend of mine, and needs the very best attentions. Isn't that right, Arod?" The horse whickered happily. "All this fuss over the beasts." Gimli rolled his eyes. "Come, let's take their advice! A warm fire awaits us, little hobbits!" With that he started for Elrond's hall, taking his trusty axe and a good part of the baggage with him. The hobbits, with one last pat to each of their ponies, followed along behind. "I'll come see to you in the morning, my friend." Rubbing Arod under the chin, Legolas scooped up the rest of the baggage. One of the sacks, marked with the name of Dale, he handled carefully. He smiled, imagining the hobbits' excitement when they were presented with their Yuletide gifts. It was probably an insult to give the Halflings toys for Yule, as if they were children, but still. Even Legolas had to admit that they were wonderful toys. He and Gimli had painstakingly tried them out to make sure. "I'm going in, you two," he said, turning to the twins. "Don't be out too long." "Would we dawdle?" Elrohir asked cheekily, pretending to shiver with the cold. "We'd much rather freeze out here than... Legolas, what's the matter?" The blonde elf had stopped short, an odd expression on his face. As the twins watched curiously, he shook his head as if to clear it, then sneezed violently. The twins began to laugh. "Lovely sneeze, my friend," Elladan snickered. "Are you perchance allergic to your luggage? Your horse, perhaps?" "No, no, I am not allergic to anything." Legolas sniffed, quickly running a hand under his nose. "It must just be the dust in the air. Stables are always stuffy this time of the year. See you inside." Shaking his head once more, the elf stepped out into the snowy night. O.O.O.O.O Inside, the fire was warm and bright. The look on Lord Elrond's face was not. He sat in one corner eyeing the newcomers, wondering for the hundredth time that day what had possessed him to allow a Yuletide celebration in his halls. One hobbit was fine. All Bilbo did was drowse by the fire and waddle to the table for meals. That did not bother Lord Elrond. What bothered Elrond Half-Elven were the four rambunctious little furry-footed buggers currently frisking by the fireside, greeting all and sundry. "Bilbo!" Frodo cried happily, throwing his arms around the old hobbit, who was sound asleep in an old armchair by the hearth. "I missed you so much! How have you been?" "Ah, Frodo, my lad!" Bilbo started awake, blinking like an owl. "When did you come to visit? Happy Midsummer!" "Um, it's Yule, Bilbo." "Little ones!" Merry and Pippin shrieked with glee as they were hoisted into the air and spun about like little curly-headed tops. They didn't mind being treated that way, as long as it was Boromir doing the hoisting. With him, a strong warrior of Gondor, there was no chance of being dropped. "It's about time you arrived." "Been resting up a bit, have you, Mister Gandalf?" Sam asked conversationally, shaking snow off his coat. "Oh, yes, but just a bit." The wizard smiled from his own chair, blowing a giant purple smoke ring that drifted over to hover over the soggy hobbit. "I can't seem to be able to handle doing nothing for too long, you know." "Well, all the same, you've earned a good rest more than anybody. Oh, by the by, did you ever go visit old Tom Bombadil? We've been a'wonderin' how he's been these days. Very kind to us, he was." And so the merry meetings went. Before long King Theoden of Rohan came in to greet the new arrivals, followed by his nephew Eomer and neice Eowyn. With them was Faramir, Boromir's younger brother and Eowyn's new husband. Eowyn and Faramir were immediately pounced by Merry and Pippin, respectively. Shortly behind them came King Aragorn Elessar and his queen, Arwen Undomiel. They had been outdoors strolling through the birches, "Where we first met," Aragorn cooed, clasping his love's hands. She returned the doting smile, fluttering long eyelashes at her adoring husband. Legolas rolled his eyes and sneezed. "Are ye alright, laddie?" Gimli asked over a mug of ale as the puzzled elf was forced to borrow a handkerchief from Bilbo. "I don't think I have ever seen ye sneeze before, now that I think on it." "That's because elves do not sneeze. Often." Legolas was bewildered. He usually went for decades without a single sniffle, let alone a sneeze or cough, and tonight he had sneezed twice. "There must be quite a lot of dust in the air his evening," he mused to himself as he handed back the handkerchief. "Maybe you're coming down with something," Gimli suggested nonchalantly. "Pardon?" Legolas again looked confused. "Perhaps you're getting a cold." "But I am not cold," the elf said innocently. Gimli narrowed his eyes at his friend. "If I did not know that you only crack jokes on dwarves, I would think you were being thick on purpose. However, since I know this is not the case, let me clarify. Are you getting sick , my friend?" " Sick? " Legolas balked, a shocked expression on his face. "No, I am not sick! Elves are never ill!" Gimli looked interested. "Never?" "Never. Such a thing is absolutely unheard of. It must be the dust. It must –" His blue eyes suddenly shot open wide. He clapped panicked hands over his mouth and nose, glanced about him frantically, then ducked his head quickly under the tablecloth. From beneath Gimli heard a smothered sneeze. The dwarf sat back, smugly swirling the remainder of his ale. "Dust. Of course it is." Not that he wished any ill to his elven comrade, but this had the very real potential of becoming interesting. O.O.O.O.O By the time the fire had begun to die in the grate, Legolas was moving from puzzled to worried. He had sneezed a total of eight more times, and was beginning to sniffle in earnest. Bilbo had told him to keep the handkerchief. Finally, the elf decided that he would simply go to bed. This ridiculous sneezing would surely stop by morning, and anyway he did not need anyone else besides Gimli buying into the foolish notion that he was ill. He quickly stood up and excused himself. "Good night, laddie," Gimli called after him, trying to hide the amusement in his voice. "Sleep well. Busy day tomorrow." "Yes, yes," Legolas muttered as he left. He had the sneaking suspicion that the dwarf was having fun at his expense, but he didn't know quite how. Passing the fireplace, he saw Aragorn gently lift Frodo and Sam, both of them sound asleep, presumably to take them to their beds. Arwen looked on with a smile, no doubt thinking on what a good father Aragorn would make. Merry and Pippin, seeing this, turned their big, misty eyes upon Boromir. "Boromir, we want a ride, too!" "Yes, give us a lift upstairs, will you?" Boromir had been dozing in his warm chair. He stared at the two hobbits. "You must be joking." They stared right back. "Say that you're joking? Because I am not leaving this chair for any other reason than to go to my own bed." The hobbits inched closer, still staring with their large brown eyes. "What do you want from me? I'm not carrying you. You can get up the stairs yourselves!" Legolas paused and waited just outside the room. Within two minutes Boromir emerged from the warm hall grumbling, a smiling hobbit tucked snugly under each arm. The elf sniggered. The little Halflings really did have that great big man wrapped around their tiny fingers. A sudden sneeze interrupted his laughter. Legolas turned and ran to bed. O.O.O.O.O The next morning Legolas had a severe fright.