Author's Note: Hey, everybody! Nice to see you again. Since I can't seem to keep the LotR plot bunnies under control, here's a small snippet of one shot before I dig into my next chaptered work. And, wai wai! I got it typed in that thin margin of time between my long–awaited high school graduation (with honors) and my senior trip to Italy. Go, me! The reasoning behind this little romp? Explaining what, exactly, is wrong with Elrond (whom I deeply love and respect. Really!) Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own it. Tolkein does. Voila! o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o Elrond Half-elven, Lord of Imladris. The title sounds rather regal, does it not? It conjures images of flowing silken robes, circlets and jewelries of precious metals and stones, and long, somber ceremonies. It does not, however, bring to mind thoughts of a grown Elf Lord hiding in the closet, crying like a little girl-child. Allow me to explain myself. My name is in fact Elrond, and I am indeed ruler of the fair Elf city of Imladris. Now, I am well aware of what people say about me. That I am "tense." "Stuffy." "Paranoid," even. It immediately becomes clear to me that the people who say this have never observed my close surroundings very seriously. Tense I may be. On the verge of paranoia, perhaps. But this is through no fault of my own, I assure you. Day by day, day after day, I am confronted by life in my fair city of Imladris, and it has shaped and molded me accordingly. Now I am not one to complain. Far from it. But if you would kindly allow me to show to you one day – just one day – one typical day in my life as Lord of Imladris, you might be able to better understand the stifled sobs of bordering insanity leaking from my closet at this very moment. If I may... My morning began peacefully enough. I woke at dawn, as I have done for uncounted centuries. I stretched, gazing out the window as the sun peeked over the horizon. Small birds began to sing in the shade trees and the quiet reaches of the garden. A clear, beautiful morning. Getting out of bed, I cautiously proceeded to dress. I say cautiously because one never can tell who might have happened to hide what inside my wardrobe. This morn, however, all was as it should be. My water basin contained no frogs. My brush and comb remained free of honey as I braided back my hair. My boots did not squelch with mud or jam when I placed my feet inside them. The day was off to a good start. You may wonder about this. Let me say that my mornings rarely start out on such a peaceful note. I suppose that this is mostly through fault of my own. Pranking me has become something of a rite of passage for the Elflings, and I simply do not have the heart to lock my doors. These pranks are usually harmless, at any rate. A young otter in the bath chamber here. Creative graffiti in soap on my window pane there. Harmless little things like that. However, once in a while a different sort of practical joke occurs, usually from my own sons; my dear twins, Elladan and Elrohir. The worst prank I have ever been taken by (and this is no surprise) was their doing. They managed to procure a small pouch of Gandalf's fireworks powder, and smeared it on the wicks of all my candles. The resulting bang startled me out of a millennia's growth and covered me in wax. But I digress. Back to the morning at hand... I left my room and began the trek to the dining hall. This took some time, due to the sheer size of my little city. It is no small matter to get from one place to another, let me tell you. Once I arrived in the hall, I stood in the doorway for a moment, taking in the morning's activity. The long trestle table nearest me was filled with young Elflings, their mothers and nurses. The children shouted and laughed as they made a pretense of partaking of the morning meal, eager to be out and about at more exciting activities than mere eating. I was forced to smile. Here was the pride and joy, the heart and soul of Imladris. The light and the love of our long lives, the hope and the future of Elven-kind, the– Splat! –little darling had thrown a spoonful of porridge at me. He shrieked with glee as it dripped down my face. How charming . I remain thankful that all three of my children are well past the food-slinging stage. My appetite had somehow deserted me. Collecting an apple and a clean linen napkin to wipe my face, I left the dining hall, telling the child's apologetic nana to think nothing of it. A stroll through the gardens now held quite a bit of appeal. The quiet, the solitude, the birdsong all might help me meditate and better prepare for the day ahead. However... this was not to be. O.O.O.O.O No sooner had I entered the silent sanctity of the gardens of Rivendell then there came a loud burst of merriment from off behind the rose arbor. Sighing, I went to investigate with a frown. For you see, I already had a rather good idea of who it was. Peering out from behind the foliage, my suspicions were soon confirmed. Elladan and Elrohir, Twin Terrors of Imladris, as they had come to be known. I heaved an exasperated sigh. Those sons of mine. It was hard to determine whether they had awoken very early to sneak into the wine cellar, or if they had never gone to bed at all. From the redness of their cheeks and the volume of their carefree voices, I decided that it must have been the latter. They had been at it all night long. This is one point of Elvish behavior that confuses mortals. While even the youngest Elves appear ancient, calm, and thoughtful to mortal eyes, the reality of the situation is that age does not parallel behavior. It takes them ages to mature. I was standing near the cover of the roses, wondering whether or not I should intervene, when a third merrymaker burst from the bushes at my side. "Helloooo!" he sang drunkenly, flashing me an enormous smile. "My name is Legolette!" Turning from me as abruptly as he had come, the blonde skipped away across the clearing in naught but his leggings, a flower crown, and an apron that one of the kitchen maids must have been missing. Tripping over an exposed and very obvious tree root in his path, he fell in a heap on top of Elladan and Elrohir, all three of them laughing hysterically. The tiny vein in my forehead began to twitch ever so slightly. I made up my mind then and there to send Legolas Greenleaf home. Home, to Mirkwood, soon , and no , he could not stay "just a few more seasons, please? Please?" The twins will undoubtedly be upset by this decision when I remember to tell them, but if it bothers them then they have my express permission to ride back with the young prince and stay in the Greenwood for as long as they desire. (I have been putting up with their antics for nigh on a decade, and I believe that it is rightfully time for Thranduil to deal with the three little pests for a few years.) With another deep sigh I turned and left the gardens. It was not so quiet out there anyway. After but a moment's hesitation I made for my study, finally biting into my apple. Perhaps catching up on some paperwork might help to clear the atmosphere in my personal bubble. It was a nice, if futile, thought. O.O.O.O.O Things progressed according to plan as golden morning faded slowly into balmy summer afternoon. I worked steadily, and before I had even realized it the tall pile of neglected papers on my desk had begun to dwindle. Soon it had shrunk to almost nothing. Rather pleased by my progress, I considered going back to the hall for a bite of lunch. The sunbeams spilling in through the window confirmed that it was far past time to eat. Tucking away my quill and ink, I was preparing to leave the office when the door suddenly burst in on its hinges as if it had been kicked by an energetic horse. Into the room stepped my dear friend Glorfindel, just returned from border patrol. "Mae govannion, Elrond!" he laughed happily, dropping a huge stack of papers into my arms. "Reports from the border for you to review!" The nervous twitch had returned. Now when had he found the time on the way back to...? Carefully schooling my features neutral, I placed the stack upon my desk. "Thank you, Glorfindel. You fared well on patrol, I trust?" He was about to answer when a ferocious stomping sound was heard. Never a moment's rest. Rather fearfully we peered out of my office, I myself wondering with much trepidation what was going to happen now. Down the hall there came storming my chief counselor Erestor, pulling Legolas and Elladan behind him. Elrohir trailed despondently behind, an unhappy pout on his face. I noticed with a pained grimace that Legolas still wore his apron. "Hello Erestor!" Glorfindel smiled widely. If there is one thing that Glorfindel loves more than grooming his mane of long, sun-kissed golden hair, it is pestering the daylights out of my chief counselor. "Glorfindel." Erestor acknowledged his friend with a curt nod, then turned to me. "Lord Elrond. I apprehended your sons and their guest in the gardens, completely and indecently inebriated on the good blackberry wine. I thought it best to bring them directly to you." I almost chuckled. Erestor would pitch a fit if he found out that I had known what the boys were doing and let them be. Before I could answer, Glorfindel stepped in. "Come now, Erestor," he grinned. "Would it not do to let the young ones have a bit of fun?" Erestor's eyes narrowed. "Certainly not, if it did not involve public intoxication and the blackberry vintage!" The Balrog-slayer was laughing behind his patrol reports. Erestor began to turn a bit red. "Do not encourage them, Glorfindel!" "Oh, you cannot tell me that you never enjoyed a little wine in your youth, Erestor?" the blonde laughed, aiming a playful poke at the glowering counselor's middle. Erestor glared. "Do not start with me, Glorfindel!" Sometimes I just have to laugh at the two of them. The best of friends, though polar opposites. However, from time to time it seems that if Glorfindel is the Balrog-slayer, Erestor would become the Glorfindel-slayer with very little encouragement. Sometimes he is just too serious for his own good, as Glorfindel often accuses. During the conversation Legolas' attention had wavered. He had begun to shift away. "Legolas!" Erestor firmly pulled him back. "We are not through here, Legolas." The prince's big blue eyes suddenly welled with tears. "Waah, Erestor! How could you manhandle such a fair, sweet maiden, you big brute?" The counselor's own eyes bulged comically as "Legolette" began to squeal and slap at him halfheartedly. "Legolas, you are not a woman!" "Aiie, you cruel beast!" "But you are not! No! Stop hitting me, you little devil! Glorfindel, help me! " I turned and left the room. Their rather loud voices pursued me down the hall. "Glorfindel, I forbid you to laugh! You must support me in this, or they will never –" Glorfindel's loud guffaw echoed around my office as he finally lost control. Elladan and Elrohir's merry laughter, still bright as tinkling silver bells despite their inebriation, was joined a moment later by a scream from Erestor