Chapt. 1- your shoes move me. I took in a deep breath and stepped off of the train platform. The concrete felt unfamiliar beneath my feet as I found myself being swept into the hustle and bustle of the big city. There were people on every side of me pushing past each other at speeds I didn't even think were possible for human feet. Well, speeds I knew most definitely were not possible for my own considering I could trip and fall simply standing still. I felt so out of place clutching my suitcase to my chest instead of some fancy brief case or trendy messenger bag. My long brown hair cascaded in its messy ponytail down my back and I noticed I was one of the only people who wasn't homeless that had no make up on. Hmm. This is going to be an interesting transition. This was going to be so much different than living in Michigan. My hundred acres of land filled with forest and apple orchards and ponds were left behind in my trek to the city of Chicago. All of a sudden I wasn't so sure this was the right choice to have made. What would I do when I just wanted to be alone now? When I needed my space to think or read a book in solitude? I couldn't exactly walk out of my front door and sit in the grass with nothing but the breeze and rustle of leaves gracing my ears. No. Now there would be the sounds of the city. The cars whizzing by on the streets and people walking and talking down the sidewalks. I'd hear trains and buses on their routes around the city. There is no silence here. There is no solitude. What about my mom? My poor mother! She was all alone on those one hundred acres in that trailer we called home. I wouldn't be there when she got home from work anymore. I wouldn't be able to sit with her and watch movies or talk and laugh over coffee and toast in the mornings. What would she do without me to help keep the house clean and keep her company when she wasn't at work? I was such a selfish daughter. I can't believe I came here. Okay, so I'm officially freaking out. It's my first big move away from home. I'm not exactly the most outgoing person in the world. I was happy and content in my own little bubble for so long, but I just HAD to go screw that up now didn't I? Breathe, Bella. Breathe. In and out. There you go. This will be good. This will be good. This will be.. "Bells! You made it!" Suddenly, my thoughts were interrupted as the familiar voices tore through the crowd of people and jerked me back to reality. I hoped my face did not give away any of the panic I was feeling. Thank God the city was so loud and busy or they would surely hear my heart about to explode from the confines of my chest. Looking up through the crowd and seeing Alice bouncing up and down with her wild pixie hair dancing along with her and the drop dead gorgeous smile that was spread across Rose's face calmed my nerves a bit and got me more excited to be here. The three of us girls squealed with excitement as I burst through the mass of people and into their waiting arms. I had missed my best friends for far too long now. "Ali! Rose! Ah! I'm finally here and I made it in one piece!" I laughed as I dropped my suitcase to the sidewalk to embrace my friends a little tighter. "You're here you're here you're HERE!" Alice squealed. The three of us laughed and Rose bent down to pick up my belongings. She pressed the button on her key chain and the trunk of Alice's bright yellow Porsche popped open. I shook my head and sighed. I already missed my big red truck and the un-fanciness of it. (Yes, I may have just made up my own word and I'm absolutely okay with that!) I shook that thought from my head and smiled as Alice continued to bounce around like a ping pong ball. She bounced into the street on the passenger side of her car and I flinched worrying that someone would take her tiny frame out not even realizing she was so close to the oncoming traffic. I held my breath momentarily until Alice was safe in the confines of the passengers seat. I rolled my eyes and exhaled. I swear that girl has not a care in the world. "You're driving, Rose?" I asked as I climbed into the back seat and buckled myself in. "Unless you'd like her to drive," Rose smirked and looked at Alice from the corner of her eye. "I don't know about you but I'd like to get home in one piece. Do you really think at this point her full attention would be on the road?" Alice bounced onto her knees and shifted against the leather seat so her beady little eyes peeked over the headrest at me. She was so alive and full of excitement that I could not help smiling back with just as much enthusiasm. "I guess that makes sense." I laughed as Alice stuck her tongue out at Rose and then averted her attention back to me. "I can't believe you're finally here Bella! I have so much to show you! The apartment is so great you're going to love it! We'll make dinner tonight and let you get settled in, but we have to get up extra early tomorrow so we can go shopping." I opened my mouth to protest but Alice continued to chatter at high speed to keep me from getting a word in edge wise. I caught Rose snickering in the rear view mirror and I glared at her reflection as discretely as I could. Once Alice had her mind set on something, especially involving shopping, there was no arguing or changing her stubborn little mind. "I mean, you just moved to the city Bells! Time to put away the overhauls and the flannel shirts. You can't go out in public in those unless you want people to start tossing change at you, ya know?" she giggled then at her joke and I finally got a word in. "Al, calm down! I just got here. I know that you're not the biggest fan of my wardrobe," I looked down at myself then feeling just a little self conscious, and a bit offended that she honestly felt I dressed so bad. I thought I looked fine! "but I really don't think that my first full day here should be spent shopping. I'd kind of just like to, I don't know, relax and get settled in." I bit down on my bottom lip waiting for her reaction. Alice was eying me disapprovingly. I knew that I could not escape her shopping obsession forever, but if I could have one day to just be myself with my two best friends, I'd be willing to give in. Just this once. "Please Alice, just one day. I promise once I'm settled in I'll take a day for you to play dress up with me and torture- I mean take me clothes shopping." She stuck her bottom lip out in a pout for a few seconds but after a bit of contemplation she seemed to realize that she was still going to get her way and her face brightened up again. "Fine. One day. Lucky for you I took the entire weekend off so that gives us plenty of time to shop before Monday." She crossed her arms and gave me a very satisfied look. I sighed and shook my head at my little friend. Close to twenty minutes later, Rose pulled up and parallel parked in front of our apartment building. I looked out the window for a few seconds almost nervous to step out and actually admit that this was now my home. I would be sharing a big building in the middle of a huge city with a couple hundred other people and my two best friends. I would not be falling asleep in my bed to the sounds of bull frogs and crickets, but to cars, buses, trains, and the occasional sirens of some emergency vehicle. I was getting lost in my thoughts and worries when suddenly I realized I was no longer peeking up at our apartment building but at Alice standing in front of me with her hands on her delicate little hips tapping her foot at me. One of her pencil thin eye brows was cocked and her lips were set in a fine line. "Are you just going to sit in there and stare or are you going to get out of the car and come inside?" I shakily grabbed the handle of the car door and let myself out. Rose had my things already out of the trunk and lead us to the front door. We took the elevator to the third floor and stepped out directly in front of a giant bay window overlooking Lake Michigan. "Wow." I breathed. "Pretty great view, isn't it?" Rose smiled at me over her shoulder. "I'd say." Once we'd made our way down to the end of the hall Rose popped her key into the lock of apartment 347 and I sighed as we stepped through the door. Across the room the shades were drawn away from the slider doors that lead out to the balcony off of our dining room displaying the beautiful view of the lake. The kitchen was off of the dining room and though it wasn't very big, the new appliances looked great and I was pleased to see we had a dish washer. The living room was spacious and held a big brown fluffy looking couch, a matching recliner, a small shelf littered with DVD's and video games, and a cherry wood entertainment center complete with a 20" flat screen TV and X-BOX 360. There were a couple of picture frames on top of the entertainment center with pictures of the three of us girls back home when we were younger. It made me smile. Off of the living room were two doors that lead to the master bedroom and the other leading to the "guest" bedroom. The bathroom joined the two rooms together. This was a really nice apartment. "Ready to see our bedroom?" Alice asked cheerfully as she skipped towards the master bedroom. "We're all sharing a room?" I questioned, a smile playing on my lips. "Of course we are Bella Marie! Come on, you didn't think we'd settle for any one of us being all alone in their little bed room did you? I mean, could we really not have a dance party room? We really have been away from each other for too long haven't we?" Rose scoffed teasingly. A dance party room! Yes! It had been too long since the three of us girls had lived close to one another. Back home, we would have sleep overs and always dedicated a room of the house to "secret" dance parties. If you were ever hanging out and noticed one or more persons randomly missing, you knew you were most likely missing out on an intense and fast paced giggled fueled dance party in some random "secret" room of the house. It could be a bed room, a closet, a bathroom, it didn't really matter. We'd decided a long time ago that when and if we all lived together, we'd have a room of our place specifically dedicated to dance parties. Remembering those days gave me a brilliant idea and I knew the other girls caught the spark in my eye as I turned my head to the smaller bedroom