Chapter One Many adventures begin with a sudden world changing event. For some it happened with thunder and storms, some with the tragic loss of life, some at the direction of someone else, and for others because of their own choosing. For me it was a combination of the two last ones. It happened on a quite normal day in late august, the last day of the month, the 31st, around midday. I did like any other kid did on a sunny and way to warm day; I sat reclined on my computer chair watching YouTube in my room when I heard a sharp series of knocks from my window. ' What the hell ?' I remembered thinking as I paused the video and slid my earphones off my head. It had sounded as if someone had thrown rocks at my window. I quickly jumped to my feet and hurried over in the hopes of catching whatever or rather whoever dared to throw rocks at my house, what if they cracked the glass?! Reaching the window I peered outside at any and all angles I could manage to find the culprit, but found nothing. Had I imagined it? I was sure I did not. Curious and to make sure I did not miss anything that was in a dead angle I opened the window and stuck my head out. Now I do not know about you but I was not prepared for what happened next. No sooner had I opened the window wide and stuck my head out when I saw a flicker of movement amongst the trees outside. I barely had time to look a brown feathered owl straight in its yellow eyes before it swooped in over my head, and scared the crap out of me. I fell backwards in my subsequent attempt to dodge the bird with a yelp. It gave out a squawk as it noisily flapped around the tight space that was my room before it managed to realign and swoop at me again. All I had the time to do was clench my eyes shut and flinch as I brought my arms up to protect my face, I was sure it was going to claw me bloody, but none of it happened. All I felt was something land in my lap sounding very much like paper. The owl made another squawk and then silence. The owl was gone. Feeling incredibly confused at just what the hell had just happened I peered up over my arms, fearing the bird was just waiting for me to drop my guard so it could get a sneaky claw in. Nothing of its presence was left except for a single feather perched upon the floor mat, and a large envelope made from thick and slightly yellow paper with a big blood red and highly ornate wax seal on it. Dumbfounded I picked up the envelope. Studying the wax seal closer. The seal depicted an ornate coat of arms depicting a lion, a snake, a badger, and a crow. One animal each occupied their own corner of the shield. To say that I was mystified was understating it a tad bit. I did not know what to think, really, here I was holding a letter that for all the world looked like a Hogwarts letter. Turning it over to look at the letter's front only hammered it home more. Written in purple ink the words: To Emrik Oscarsson Little Lake 67, second bedroom on the right Well, that was… oddly specific. I scratched my head and stood to my feet. This was one elaborate prank… how did they get an owl to do this, I wondered and closed my window. I sat myself down on my computer chair. My heart was still not calm from my encounter with the bird. I turned the letter over, brushing the coarse paper with my thumb; hesitating only a moment before I broke the seal, and pulled out two pages of the same thick paper as the envelope, as I expected to find. A postcard slipped out from the folded letters. The picture on the postcard was that of the Leaky Cauldron's pub-front. If the golden letters above the bay window was anything to go by. On the backside only two clock numbers was written; 12:45pm 10:30am Raising a confused brow I dropped the card to my desk and shifted my attention to the letters in my hands and started to read: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Oscarsson, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on the 1st of September. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress 'Could this be real?' I asked myself in disbelief. I knew of course it couldn't be, but it did not stop my more playful part to entertain the thought. Even if it was true I spotted the most glaring flaw. It was 2016, Hogwarts did not reopen until the year 2017, and McGonagall was the Headmistress not the deputy. It simply wasn't possible considering those two points, I was also well past my eleventh birthday too… by a good handful of years. It did not however stop me from reading through the second letter, it was a simple list, the one I vaguely remembered from the first book, detailing all the school items I supposedly would need if it were all true. Tomorrow was the first of September. If this was true then this time tomorrow I would have been sitting on the train towards Hogwarts. I sighed dreamly, what I wouldn't give to make it all come true. My eyes idly looked at my computer clock. 12:43. Why was there times written on the postcard? I picked up the unassuming piece of paperboard. Could it be… no it couldn't… could it? 12:44. I looked up at the clock again to notice that I had less than a minute, if I was right. My mind went blank as my heart jumped in my chest. Money, I needed money! Scrambling to my feet, sending my chair crashing to the floor, I threw myself out of my room and into the hallway. My wallet was in my jacket. My hands barely fisted a grip on my jacket when the world around me made a loop de loop. I felt my breakfast make a break for it as I was pulled haphazardly through what felt like a far too small hole. I felt how my body twisted as my legs were thrown up and over my head. Then to my surprise my feet struck ground. Unprepared for it and still feeling like I was hanging upside down, I fell, no, more like, I was thrown. My butt made painful contact with hard stone. A moment after I heard whispers around me. Looking around I noticed I was sitting on the sidewalk of a busy street. The pedestrians around me must have seen me as some had stopped to look at me. "Are you alright, young man?" an elderly lady asked, leaning down. "Uh," I intellectually began, "yes, yes I'm alright." The lady's wrinkled face wrinkled even more as she smiled down at me. Her eyes fell down to my hand and her eyes widened. "Ah, shopping for school, I see." the lady's lips split the wrinkled face into a toothy smile, "A little late, don't you think?" She gave a chuckle as she ambled past a very confused me, and into, to my slight surprise, the Leaky Cauldron. The pub's front an exact copy of the postcard in my hand. It was only afterwards, after thinking a bit, that I took note of the woman's clothes, it was not your standard run of the mill dress, nope. But a good to honest robe, not a bathrobe robe, but a wizard's robe… or witch's… I scrambled up onto my feet, dusting off the bit of dirt that had managed to cling to my trousers. I did not notice anything wrong until I picked up my jacket, happy to see it made it through with me. What was wrong? What was wrong was when I noticed how big my jacket had suddenly become. It was easily twice, if not even thrice the size I remember it being. I noticed my own reflection in the bar window, what I saw made my heart skip a beat. It was me, me from twelve years ago. I could not have looked much more than eleven years old. What an adventure this would be! I could not help but grin at my own reflection. If this was all a dream, then I hoped I would never wake up and realize my cruel fate. I threw my jacket on, it was little better than an oversized cloak on my shoulders. And stopping only long enough to make sure my wallet was still with me I nearly skipped my way into the pub. And as soon the door shut behind me everything went deathly quiet. The few head there were turned to study me. Wrinkled and wizened faces peered from their seats. One really old gnarly and bald man stood behind the beaten bar, cleaning a glass, looking at me with a suspicious glare. Tom, I guessed. Frozen I stood there and took in the dark and weathered looking bar, only a few candles and gas lamps gave off light, bathing the hall in a gloomy light. Swallowing the lump in my throat and steeling myself I weaved my way through the tables towards the bar. "I… where do I go, to get to Diagon Alley?" I asked Tom. The old man stared down at me before grinning a toothless grin down at me. "That door over there, it leads to the back," he pointed a thick and scarred finger towards a heavy wooden door, just off to the side of the bar table. It was so out of the way it blended with the rest of the room. "Ah, thanks." I gave the man a nod, but I stopped myself mid step. I how was I supposed to get through the gate… I don't have a wand, nor do I know what bricks to tap… "Um, excuse me, but," I looked down a bit, it was hard to look the man in the eyes, "can I get help to… you know, the password." In no time I stood in the tightly packed alley, its winding, twisting and turning road packed to the brim with wares from the shops, the people and signs. I said goodbye to the gnarly old barkeep, who just smiled and went back inside. I had been mesmerized when the bricks in the wall shifted and folded into themselves to create the portal between the muggle world from its wizarding kin. I stood there stunned, just barely taking note how the wall reformed behind me. The stuff in front of me was beyond description, because if I would try I would be here for hours. I saw cauldrons, baskets and buckets of what I could only guess was potion ingredients, flowers, books, clothes. Cages with a myriad of animals, birds and cats mostly. I saw a rustic looking ice cream shop just as the alley bent out of sight. Hundreds of different trinkets laid splayed on mats, was stacked in shop windows, and out of the corner of my eye I spotted brooms. A neat, sleek and polished shaft of mahogany was displayed inside the shops window. Where should I start? There was positively an infinite options to choose from. I wanted to see it all, touch and pet the animals, inspect the potion shop, peruse the literary library of books in the bookshop. Sample the food I could see,