Cravings disclaimer: they're not mine, no. another sad element in my sad life. tolkien owns everything (the whore). Midnight. Aragorn could tell just by the height of the moon outside his window that the day was over, and tomorrow had become today. "Happy Monday," He said to himself, rolling back over onto his side in bed and trying to ignore the stir-crazy feelings in his feet. He hadn't been able to sleep for hours, and he was just itching to go for a walk. Whenever he couldn't sleep, going out onto the terrace and taking a stroll among the guards was enough to assure him he could sleep easy that night. He tried to convince himself otherwise, telling himself it was a stupid idea. The added weight of his wife's condition had put a little more stress into his life, but just enough to make him think perhaps walking wasn't enough to calm his nerves. And Arwen would have a fit if she woke up in the night and discovered he wasn't there. He looked over at his wife, smiling to himself as he watched her sleep. Her chest moved slowly up and down, the rhythm of her breathing almost enough to make him want to sleep again. Her hand was resting gently over her swollen belly, fingers laid out flat as if they were touching the baby themselves. A small smile came across her sleeping lips, and he laughed before kissing her on the cheek, propping himself up on his elbow to stare at her. This was the first time in seven months he had ever been the one awake, and she the one sleeping away. Seven months pregnant and Arwen was normally always the restless one, going to the bathroom, taking a walk around the room, trying to itch a spot on her back she was now unable to reach, in constant activity until morning. She never woke him up unless she considered it an emergency, but as of late, every single time the baby did so much as move a finger she was wide awake and alert as ever. He smiled again at such a rare moment, to find her peacefully laying up against him, their whole world resting within her. He laid his hand on top of hers, kissing her again, and then fell back onto his pillow, closing his eyes. As the darkness began to sink in, he smiled and found himself for the first time in days falling asleep. For almost an hour he lay in his dreams, until- "Estel!" Deep in the sweet warmth of dreaming, the abnormal hiss in his ear brought his eyes open immediately. He let out a yell and jumped up, falling out of his bed and onto the floor, dragging the covers with him. "Damn..." He said, shaking out his foggy head and rubbing the bottom of his spine where he had landed on the stone floor. "By the goddess!" Arwen's head appeared above his as she peered over the bedside. "Oh no! Are you alright? Did I hurt you?" She whispered, holding out a hand and helping him back onto the bed. "No, no." He said, wincing as he sat down on his tailbone, now throbbing. "I'm fine." He lied, giving her a smile. "Goddess, you're not." She said, covering her mouth with her hand and noticing where he rubbed his back. "I'm so sorry, love. I didn't mean to startle you. I shouldn't have-" "No, don't worry about it." He said, kissing her on the forehead. "Did you need something?" He said, pulling the blankets off the floor and back around his half-naked body, now shivering from the cold floor and autumn air outside his warm bed. "Oh..." Arwen turned a deep shade of red and avoided eye contact with her husband. Aragorn could only imagine. "You see darling, I just had this sudden feeling, and I...well...do you remember the dish the Calihadians brought the other night?" "You mean that goat stew thing?" He said, raising an eyebrow. "The one with the finger in it?" "No dear, that was the Haradrim who brought that. I'm talking about the people of Calihad, the ones from the mountains. They brought that wonderful dessert..." "Oh, I remember. What about it?" "Well, I was lying here and suddenly I had the most wonderful craving for that dessert. With all of the sweet sauce on the top, and the berry filling, and the fluffy cake..." She smiled happily and rubbed her belly. "Doesn't it sound delicious?" "Well, maybe after lunch tomorrow..." He said, shaking his head. "I don't know if we can go get that right now-" He began, but realized too late that was obviously not the thing to say. Arwen's face was getting redder and that familiar flame was building in her eyes. He swallowed hard. "I mean, uh...maybe...uh..." "Are you going to get me some of that dessert or NOT?" She said, her eyes glowing evilly in the moonlight. She was leaning so far forward in the bed that her chin was practically touching his own. He would have said something about pregnant emotions under his breath, but she was so close now there was no way she would have missed that. "I know you want it sweetie," He said, rubbing the back of his head nervously and avoiding direct contact with those burning eyes. "But you don't understand...the kitchens aren't really open and I don't even know if that's where they put the leftovers, and really, it's so early in the morning that-" "Oh, so you wouldn't even go see if they were? You'd just SIT here and SLEEP while your wife sat in PAIN?" She said, sticking her finger into his chest. "What, do you think I ENJOY this, this horrible feeling in my gut that tells me if I never see that cake I'm going to DIE? That my whole life depends on that one piece of cake that my husband couldn't even get up to go see about?" She let out a snort. "And you won't even go see about it." "I would if I could, darling..." He said softly, placing a hand on her arm. She quickly removed it, now fuming. Despite her anger, his bed was seeming a bit like a warm and soft womb itself, and he was extremely reluctant to leave it. Besides that, his tailbone hurt like hell. Unfortunately, his wife's pregnant temper far outweighed any of his decisions, as usual. "You are a DISGRACE, Estel! You are the bloody KING and you think the kitchens won't open for YOU! Do you think it's been EASY, carrying this child? Granted we're not even the same SPECIES and I've had cravings up to my NECK and all YOU can think about is the walk down there!" She screamed, sticking her finger farther into his chest and making him fear her fingernail was likely to cut right into him. "Well, FINE! That's just FINE! This is the LAST child of YOURS I ever BEAR!" And with that, when he knew her emotions had probably had enough and just as he had predicted, she slammed herself onto her pillow and began crying hysterically. "Arwen..." He whispered, leaning over her and kissing her neck. She slapped him hard in the jaw, sending him reeling back in pain. He cursed loudly and grabbed his mouth. "I'm just trying to help!' He said, touching her arm again. "YOU CAN HELP BY GETTING ME MY DESSERT!" She screamed, her tears miraculously gone and her temper now in full throttle once more. Aragorn nodded weakly and crawled out of bed. He pulled on a pair of pants and slipped a tunic over his head, avoiding looking over at his wife, who sat with her arms crossed over her swollen belly in bed, her face gleaming like white fire in the night. "I'll go get you some." He said softly, and she let out a squeal of delight and wrapped her arms around him as he slipped into his boots beside the bed. "I love you, Estel!" She said, kissing him and holding onto his hands as he straightened up. He slowly turned around, yawning, but a quick slap in the behind sent him out the door, and he was down the hall at too fast a pace for his tired legs to keep up with. He quickly slowed and found himself yawning again. The long walk to the kitchens was made longer as he yawned and stretched and tried to wake himself up. The fact that the halls' were completely empty except for him made it worse, and in the dim light of the stars and glowing torches he shuffled down to the kitchens. Fatherhood... He thought to himself, staring at his boots. The only hard part is dealing with motherhood. He thought about his child, sleeping upstairs within his mother's belly. Aragorn was certain it was a boy; the first thing Arwen had said when she'd told him the news was that she was sure it was a son, and anything Arwen said Aragorn knew had to be true. Being an elf, she probably knew better than he of what to expect and how to handle it, but she still let her wrath of pregnant motherhood out on him every once and a while, and did get a bit cranky from time to time. Still, it was forgivable as ever. He was too frightened to mention the word "emotional" or "moody" in front of her, but it was something that came along with the child. According to the healer, it would only be a few months or so until his son was born, and Arwen was finally beginning to feel her condition. Before she had been all smiles despite the pain, but now it had given way to mood swings and crankiness, both of which no husband in his right mind would dare point out to her. Two more months...only two more. And then what? Then he would be a father. Of all his challenges in life, from defeating the dark lord, to ascending the throne, none had seemed as demanding and dangerous as raising a child. Of being a father. How was he going to do it? After the winding spiral staircase behind the great hall, he finally reached the wooden door that led to the kitchens. He considered knocking, but in his tired mood and impatience, finally grabbed the handle and gave it a tug. It was locked. "Oh no..." He groaned, resting his head on the door ahead of him. "No, no, no, no, no." He muttered, banging a fist against the door. Arwen is going to kill me... "Aragorn?" He turned at the sound of a familiar voice, and found Lord Faramir's face glowing in the faint torchlight. He was dressed in old leggings and a long tunic left untied in the front. His hair was sticking out all over the place and his eyes showed he was just as tired as Aragorn, but he gave his old friend a smile anyway. "What are you doing?" He asked, and Aragorn gave him a weary grin. "Getting some Calahadrian dessert." He said, "What else?" "Dessert? At this time of the night?" "Morning." Aragorn corrected him, yawning. "And yes, dessert. With sweet sauce and berry filling." "Are you insane?" Faramir raised a skeptical eyebrow. "Are you really going to eat that this early, before breakfast?" "I'm not eating it, the royal mommy upstairs is. And the kitchen is locked, which means I can't get it, which means mommy is going to skin daddy alive." He said, frowning. Faramir laughed. "I guess I'm not the only one who gets hungry at night. I came down for a glass of milk." He looked at the door behind Aragorn, "It's not really locked, is it?" "Apparently. I've never heard of the kitchen not working through the night, but with my luck, this is of course the one