I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters. "Draco, Now! I will not have you acting gay now of all times! Just pick an outfit! I do not want to late to our own party!" Draco grumbled something under his breath but complied with Pansy regardless. He had to admit, showing up to one's own party late was a bad look, but then a literal bad look would be even worse. "Maybe I just shouldn't go then, hm? Wouldn't want to make you look bad now would we?" Draco lulled as he descended the steps to the Slytherin common room. "Oh please, Malfoy, you should know that flirting hasn't convinced me of anything since at least fourth year" Pansy reached up to the taller teen and fixed his collar. Draco growled. Draco was wearing a skin-tight, stone grey, cashmere sweater, on which he'd recently bought at a muggle boutique after Pansy told him it'd set off his eyes in a dangerous way, and a pair of loose ripped jeans to pull it off. Sure, he knew these Friday night parties were supposed to be hot and scandalous, and that that was the only reason anyone held them anymore, despite Granger's insistence it was all about inter-house unity- but he would stick with his formal way a dressing. The rips in the jeans were as far as he was willing to go, he couldn't exactly say why, though. Coming off as slutty as the rest of the girls, and some boys, did during these parties just wasn't fitting to Draco's needs. He wanted someone permanent, who would love him as well as fawn over his body. Unfortunately, heartfelt confessions like that could lead to nothing but laughter from a group of war-hardened Slytherins. Draco ran a hand through his silky, blond hair one more time. "Fine" Pansy took his arm as they descended the stairs together and entered the common room together. Post-war student from every house were scattered about, talking, drinking, some even staring through the transparent wall out into the lake. Even the Gryffindors had made an appearance this time. "..and, Draco" the blond shook himself out of a daze and turned to Pansy, "try to have fun, okay?" She parted with him and got lost in the crowd of moving bodies. Shit. He'd completely missed what she was saying, or where she was going, and since he wasn't going to hurt his pride by running after the girl he'd might as well find someone new to spend the night with. Draco looked over the sea of people again. Or not. The Slytherin slithered his way to the makeshift bar and asked, very politely, for a martini. This student serving the drinks looked at Draco lustily, "Sure thing, beautiful." Dear god! Why are some men so thick! You act kind towards them and they think you want to fuck them! The man quickly brought his drink over and waited for Draco to take a sip. Not willing to let the perv enjoy himself any further, Draco smiled placidly and walked away. It wasn't that Draco was a prude, truly. He liked sex as much as the next person, but he'd also had a few too many one night stands to be attracted by the kind of guy who enjoyed them. Just the thought of waking up to an indifferent love one more time made Draco want to puke. Suddenly, the entire room seemed to pause, and everyone burst out into clapter. "Salazar help us all." Draco took a long sip of his drink. It seemed that Gryffindor's resident Golden Boy had arrived. Draco could see him now, at the door, obviously embarrassed by the display. "Don't stop your partying for me, please!" Harry nearly shouted, his face painted a deep shade of red. Anxious to please him, it seemed, the party went back into full blast, the music even louder than before. Draco snickered and made his way over to the door where the dark-haired Gryffindor stood. Maybe he could find some fun tonight yet, even if it was in the form of teasing Harry. "Harry!" Draco shouted as he made his way through the crowd. The brunet looked up and caught Draco's eye before smiling brightly. "Casually late, are we?" Draco poked Harry in the stomach as Weasley and Granger made their way to the dance floor. Draco and Harry had become cautious friends upon their return to Hogwarts for a 'do over year'. It was a friendship that both parties had been happy to form as a way to get over the past. Harry carefully eyed Draco up and down before making making a response, "Oh bollocks! Was that whole 'dress dirty' thing supposed to be a joke? I thought Pansy was being serious! And when Hermione dressed up too…" Harry was nervously running his hand through his hair now. The brunet was dressed in a red 'Gryffindor Quidditch' jumper that was clung to his skin like, well, skin, and a pair dark jeans that were equally tight and made of a leathery material. Draco held back a laugh, of course the Golden Boy would think this was scandalous. He really needed to get further out into the gay community. "Harry, look around you, I'm the only one not dressed in leather. Honestly, though, you should expect this from me" Draco smirked playfully. Harry tried to smile back but was obviously nervous and came off as it. Draco shook his head disapprovingly. "Let's get you a drink." Draco shouted over the noise, "You obviously need one" The blond took Harry's arm without waiting for a response and pulled him to the bar where he had been not too long ago. "A beer!" The Slytherin demanded, with less kindness this time, "And a refill!" he pointed his half-empty glass towards the barista. The man took his glass and bared his teeth at Draco, "You don't seem like the type to drink beer. Just couldn't stay away could you?" Draco snarled, trying to look as unbecoming as possible. This guy just would not give up! "Actually, I've just come to get my boyfriend a drink. Isn't that right 'Arry?" Harry looked quite shocked when Draco wound his arm around his hips but didn't take much time to follow along. Draco had known that Harry would be fair game, he was gay and a Gryffindor, after all. The bartender looks thoroughly flushed, and wasted no time getting their drinks now. "Thanks for playing along" Draco whispered into Harry's ear before gently kissing his cheek. Feeling a bit flushed himself Harry managed to stammer out a 'No problem' before gulping down his beer. He delighted in the warm feeling that settled in his stomach. The blond held out his hand, still glaring at the barista and enjoying making Harry squirm, "Let's dance" ….. It was nearly midnight now and both Harry and Draco were happily sober and watching the drunks stumble out of the common room. "Okay, then!" Hermione and Pansy stepped to the front of the room and clapped their hands together. "Since everyone left must be sober enough to make a coherent sentence, you all are the elite! The best of the best! Which qualifies you to take part in the best part of these dirty little parties." Pansy smirked and pulled a light blue flask from behind her back. "Veritaserum or dare" Harry couldn't help but roll his eyes. "Isn't that a little juvenile? We're practically adults after all." Draco snorted loudly, "Harry, I know this is your first time coming to one of these parties but could you not be so dim?" Harry punched him in the arm, "These are labeled 'dirty' for a reason. These truths are deep embarrassing secrets and the dares are meant to be severely sexual." Draco's dropped a few octaves and became undeniably provocative. "This game will be anything but juvenile." The Gryffindors stared at Draco with something between terror and wonder. "Very well put Draco." Hermione said with a dark smile that told the blond that Pansy had clued her in, "So... Who wants to play?" Harry was more that nervous now, but he tried not to show it. He had only recently become comfortable with his sexual orientation but nothing truly sexual had anything to do with it. If anything were to happen here it would be his first time, and that would be kind of awful. But, one look at the smirking Slytherin next to him and Harry knew he couldn't back down. Besides, he couldn't be the only virgin here. "I'm in." Harry stood and walked towards Pansy and Hermione. Draco smiled happily, this night was turning out much better than he'd planned. Slowly the rest of the students made their decisions, many choosing to leave, and in the center of the common room in a small circle left Pansy and a small group of Slytherins, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Dean and Seamus, Neville and a few stragglers from the other houses such as Luna, Cho, and Justin Flinch-Fletchley. It was a battle of the house if there ever was one. Well, so much for inter-house unity. "So only the brave and the cunning remain, excuse me for excluding you Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws, but we can all see what's happened. Hmm." Hermione tapped her chin with her finger, "How about a little wager then? House against house? Whichever house backs out first loses, and the winning house will be declared the best." "What's the prize?" Blaise asked. Pansy smiled, catching onto Hermione's train of thought, "There isn't one. Just pure competitive spirit and Firewhiskey to drive us." "And-" Hermione added, "We'll even take the Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws onto our team, seeing as you all outweigh us in numbers." She gestured towards the Slytherins. The members of the group agreed and each got poured a cup of Slytherin-smuggled Whiskey. Then the empty bottle was placed in the center if the circle. "Whoever it lands on gets the first choice and- oh- only one drop is need for person." Pansy passed the blue vial of Veritaserum around the circle. This will be very interesting, Draco thought as he let the blue potion enter his system. "I'm strai-" Draco struggled to get the rest of the word out. "What was that, Dray?" Blaise questioned. "Nothing, just testing" Draco smirked as he passed to potion to Harry. Well , Harry thought, most of my secrets have already been plastered on the front page of The Daily Prophet. What else have I got to to lose? … The bottle landed on Luna first. She picked truth. Pansy struggled a while as she tried to pick the perfect secret to reveal to the group, when she remembered something particularly incriminating she'd picked up on while sitting near a group of Ravenclaw girls. "Luna…" she drawled, "Is it true that you masturbate while screaming out Professor Lupin's name?" Luna turned blue. Oh. Harry knew this game would get intense quickly but he hadn't expected it to start out so promiscuously. He wasn't sure if this was something he could tell Remus and Sirius during their next meeting. "Yes." Luna whispered. Pansy looked rather pleased with herself already. "Ready to back out already?" "Stuff it Pansy! We have to lose at least three members to lose completely, anyway." Neville glared at Pansy but that didn't seem to faze her, no. Not. One. Bit. … Two hours later and Dean had gone down on Seamus, Ron explained in embarrassing detail how he usually wanked, Blaise licked from Neville's ankle to his left nipple, both Pavarti and Hermione gave several top less lap dances, and Draco admitted that he had a hard-core Parseltongue kink with not so much as a shrug. Many other humiliating sexual acts had been performed and so far two students from each team had backed out. It was Millicent Bulstrode's turn to choose someone now, and she looked vicious. "Time to close