If the Cullens hadn't been in Forks at the time of Bella's arrival, and she had continued on with Charlie living what she thought was a miserable life. The wolf legends still exist, as does the pack, although currently it's only Jared, Paul, and Sam. Set late January of Bella's senior year, and a couple characteristics of Bella are tweaked, as are her reactions because I didn't want to just basically repeat New Moon scenes. "Home again tonight, Bell?" Charlie's gruff question startled me from my daze of calculus, and I looked up at him, surprised. "Um, yeah? I guess." What did he mean? "I just really like hanging out with you, Dad." "Yeah, yeah," he said, grimacing like he was about to get stuck by a needle. He had something painful to say, I knew it. I braced myself over my textbook. "Bella." "Dad?" "You've been here a year tomorrow, did you remember that?" "Yeah, I did, actually." A very long, cold, wet year where absolutely nothing had happened. Everything was the same as it had been a year ago, except I was a year older; I still drove the same loud red truck, hung out with the same people and the same boys who had hopeless crushes on me – same old, same old. Which is why I was surprised he was asking whether I was going to be home tonight. "You have a date or something?" I asked when he kept silent, and I glanced at the clock to avoid his gaze, seeing it was close to five. "Crap, I meant to cook dinner! Give me a little bit." I stood up quickly, knocking my chair over and almost falling to the ground in my haste. Charlie watched with lips pursed to keep from smiling, but I knew he was as capable of destruction as I was. I hadn't gotten my lack of coordination from my mom. "No, Bells. I don't have a date. I was just wondering, actually…" What didn't he want to say? "Spit it out, don't give yourself an aneurysm." I was standing in front of my chair after having set it back up, ready for this conversation to be over. "Well, I'm going down to La Push tonight to see a game with Billy, and I wanted to know if you would come with." "Why was that so hard to say?" His face twisted. So that hadn't been the hard part, then. "Well, that's not really all." I waited patiently, blush rising in my cheeks. Was I that difficult to talk to? "I know you don't like it here, Bella, but it's been a year and you've hardly tried!" I was stunned at his outburst, seeing color flooding his cheeks in the same way mine did as he tried to recover. "I – don't think I don't want you here, hon," he said, putting one hand down on the old wooden table to steady himself. "I love having you. And you feed me a hell of a lot better than I could feed myself, that's for sure." I let a small, mostly fake smile pull at my lips so he stopped looking so nervous. "It's just that… Well, you made it no secret that you hate Forks. You don't like the rain or the small-town life and all that. I would think if it made you this miserable, that you would at least have made it better for yourself and l-left – I don't want you to leave, Bella!" He put his head in his free hand, at a loss. I tried to help him. "You feel guilty that I'm so obviously miserable and doing nothing about it." He nodded slowly, although looking hurt. Shoot, I had said out loud that I was miserable! "Well, not miserable, but just… cold," I corrected. He laughed. "Right. Well, Bella, come with tonight to La Push. I promise you could like things around here if you'd give it a try. Or, you could, you know, go see your mom." And stay with her , his eyes seemed to say. As tempting as it was to live somewhere where I saw the sun more than maybe once a month, Mom and Phil were still happy, as far as I knew. I couldn't keep hurting her by keeping her away from him. But I couldn't keep hurting Charlie by not trying, either. My decision was easily made. "I'd love to go." "Great." His face lit up, brown eyes that matched mine perfectly crinkling at the corners. "We're leaving in about half an hour, is that enough time?" "Yep." I moved away from my chair and pushed it under the table, collecting my school things as he stomped up the stairs. He was wrong, definitely; I had given Forks a shot and already known that it was boring. The boys were dull – not that I had any interest in them anyway – and so were most of the girls. Aside from the social aspects, I didn't much care for my classes, either, and the closest half-decent bookstores were in Port Angeles. The weather was also insistently and constantly rainy. Not my idea of perfect place to live. Quit your grumbling , I ordered to myself. From what I remembered of Charlie's friend Billy Black and his children, his wife had died some time ago, leaving him with two daughters and a son. The girls' names I had long forgotten, hardly able to remember their faces since the last time I had seen them in childhood. The son, however, was responsible for my old truck's resistance to death: Jacob. I could just barely picture him, my last memory of him almost a year ago at La Push beach with some kids from school. We hadn't spoken much except for him to mention a car he was building all by himself. That added a slight spring in my step as I changed my clothes, putting on jeans and a blue V-neck that I had worn to school a couple days ago. At least I would know one person who wasn't Billy or my dad. Jacob was how old, almost sixteen maybe? Not young enough that I wouldn't get along with him. Maybe I could ask about his car, keep him talking so I didn't have to. It took about twenty silent minutes in Charlie's police cruiser to get to Billy's, and when we got there he rolled onto the porch in his wheelchair, a wide grin on his russet face. The skin of those living on the reservation was so gorgeous and unique. It was a little intimidating, however, that I looked like a porcelain doll standing by any of them, pale as paper. "Charlie! You brought Bella! Jake will be thrilled." Billy waited for us on the porch as we both clambered out of the cruiser, and I reached into the back to grab the uncooked pan of lasagna I had quickly whipped up before we left. It would need a little while to bake, but it was better than coming empty-handed. "Great to see you, Billy," I told him, and he kept grinning as we followed him into his tiny house, the living room hardly big enough to fit all of us inside it. I wondered vaguely where Jacob was, already ready to get away from the men as they started discussing the upcoming game. I found the cramped kitchen and turned the oven on, putting the dish in the fridge while I fidgeted with my nails and waited. I heard Billy come past, reaching for a phone on a hook by the kitchen. He dialed a number quickly and started talking to someone. "Yeah, send him home, will ya? Tell him I've got a surprise for him." He winked at me, and I blushed, wondering what Jacob could have said about our brief encounter that could have made his dad think of me as a thrilling surprise. Two short minutes later, I was bending over to put the pan into the oven when the front door burst open, followed by raucous sounds of multiple teenage boys coming into the already close space. The action made me jump, and I dropped the pan noisily on the rack, yanking my arm back and skimming it along the searing hot top of the oven. "Mother," I hissed, cradling my burning wrist and closing the oven with my foot. I moved to the sink and fiddled with the knobs, trying not to move the burn too much, and the water sputtered on, cold from the pipes outside in January. It stung but soothed, and I kept my wrist under the water rather than go out and deal with the possible awkwardness and lack of space in the living room. "Your surprise is in the kitchen," I heard Billy's rough voice tell who I assumed was Jacob, and I put on my bravest face, my wrist still searing. Three teenage boys turned the corner and filled the tiny available space, and I immediately recognized the tall, lanky one in the middle. His inky black hair was half-up, half-down, spilling over his shoulders messily and framing his face. His surprised eyes glittered, so dark brown they looked black. "Hey, Jake." I tried a grin, and he grinned back immediately in response, crossing the small space in the kitchen in one long stride and sweeping me into his arms tightly. My feet didn't even touch the floor. "Can't – breathe – Jacob," I groaned, and he laughed loudly, setting me down. I didn't mention that he had aggravated my burn intensely, placing it back under the water as soon as I was able. "Bella! It's so great to see you!" He stayed in front of me, but his friends near the door exchanged looks, the shorter one waggling his brows. I resisted the urge to – surprisingly – smile. "You too, Jake. You're huge now! What are you, six-five?" "Yep." He nodded, only now noticing what I was doing. An angry red welt had formed from the top bend in my wrist a couple centimeters down, shaped like an egg. "Dang, what did you do?" "I burned myself on the oven." I shrugged, definitely having had worse, and his booming laugh mixed with those of the other two. Their laughs were infectious despite my pain, and I wondered vaguely what was happening – why did I feel so comfortable all of a sudden? At home, almost? Happy? "So how've you been? Oh, by the way, these are my friends Embry and Quil. Guys, this is Bella, Charlie's kid." He gestured to them, the taller one Embry and the shorter, stockier one Quil. They both had Jacob's long, black hair and dark eyes, their skin varying shades of the reservation's gorgeous russet. Quil winked at me, and I blushed automatically. Jacob threw a punch at his friend's stomach, and the other boy just barely made it out of the way. "I've been okay. Same old, same old." I repeated my mental phrase from earlier and didn't give any details, not wanting to complain or let them know how boring my life really was. "What about you? How old are you now?" I had assumed around sixteen but he couldn't be as young as I'd guessed; he was huge, his muscles hardening from the sinew of boyhood into that of an older teenager. "I just turned sixteen." He looked embarrassed of the fact, but I had been right. Quil and Embry, his friends and therefore probably close to his age, both looked closer to twenty than sixteen. What did they feed these boys on the reservation? "Dang, I'm sorry I missed your birthday." "Don't worry about it. It's great that you're here now." The sincerity in his eyes was so obvious, and I blushed again, surprised. How often was someone this openly genuine? It was just Jacob, I realized. He couldn't find a reason not to