Suzanne Collins is the sole owner of the characters. I've only taken them out to play for a bit. I'll put them back, I promise. I am Buttercup. I'm a cat, I'm a tomcat to be precise and this is my story. I was born under a board against a wall of a steel building. I don't remember much about that time but I remember cold. Cold and wet are two feelings cats do not like. I had a mother. I remember her fur was three colors. I remember her milk, her belly always being warm and her purr. I remember her purr. There were others like me there too. But one by one they went away until it was just Mom and me. I'm the survivor, Mom says. Mom taught me all the lessons a tomcat needs to know. She taught me to hunt, how to find water, how to hide and how to defend myself. She taught me other things too, like about people. Mom said some cats like to live with people. She said some people are good and others are bad. She said to hide from the bad people. She said as a tomcat, I'd need to learn how to be alone. I need to be brave and go off on my own. Tomcats don't stay with their mothers. It made me sad to think I'd leave her, so I vowed to always keep her in my sights. But I'm a cat and cats are curious. One day while chasing a mouse I turned around and she was gone. I went to our board and waited under its shade but she never returned. I was alone. My curiosity would get me into trouble once again. While lounging in the sun one afternoon after a good meal of a field mouse, I saw a creature flying through the sky. I followed it and tried to catch it. I chased that thing all over the meadow. I was having a great old time. I didn't want to eat the creature, I was full, but the creature didn't know. It landed on my head and stung me near my eye. Oh, how I yowled. Pain is also a feeling cats do not like. Over the next few sunsets the eye got bigger and bigger and I found I was falling down a lot. I was having trouble finding food. One night while sniffing around a pile of garbage I came face to face with a creature mom called a masked menace. Mom told me never to take on an opponent that is bigger than me but I was hungry and he had a delicious piece of garbage that would make a good meal. I still think I could have taken him if I weren't down one eye and weak with hunger but I'll never know. The menace bit a chunk out of my ear. Then, I fell into a barrel of water when I tried to run away. Now I was cold, wet, and in pain, all the worst things for a cat. I made my way to my board and laid down ready to never see the sunshine again. But the sun did come up and with it came voices. The small one with hair the color of sunshine itself bends down to stroke my fur. She speaks sweet words and warms my cold wet body with her hands. She argues with the bigger dark haired one. The light one picks me up, a new sensation for me and I growl in displeasure but have no energy to flee. I can only hope that this 'girl' will be one of the good people my mother told me about. She holds me to her chest to warm me and takes me to her house. The darker one growls the whole way. The girl, My Girl I think now, cares for me and I begin to feel better. I still don't like the Dark Haired Girl but My Girl does so I just keep my distance. The dark one confuses me. She shoos me away but feeds me the best part of their food, the gooey innards. I start to feel better and while I still wander, I return to the house, I return to My Girl. I guess I'm one of those cats my mother told me about. I'm happy, warm and dry. Having a person isn't so bad. Some days I watch My Girl. She does the same thing a lot. Some days she goes off and I sleep. Every day she goes to the big hairy creature in the pen outside. The creature and I get along ok. She's a goat she tells me. Everyday My Girl goes to the goat and takes her milk. She brings it inside; I guess My Girl's mother doesn't make milk like my mother did. The girls use that milk and the goat knows it. The goat is smug. She thinks she's more important than me. Silly goat doesn't know, no one is more important than a cat. One day while hunting in the meadow, I catch a big fat field mouse. I'm just about to eat it when a thought occurs to me. Maybe My Girl would like a big fat mouse to eat. So I take it home holding my tail high and proud, strutting into my window of the house. I find my girl, and lay my offering at her feet. But My Girl doesn't react like I thought. She screams and gets upset. Funny enough it's the Dark Haired One who praises me. Picking up my offering and giving it back to me to eat. Ok, I think, maybe my girl prefers birds to mice. I'll try again. The next time I bring my girl a bird, still slightly alive, I lay it at her feet and it tries to get away. I pounce, stopping it and again my girl screams. I know the goat is laughing when the Dark Haired One throws me out of the house with the bird still flapping in my mouth. It was a delicious bird; I don't know why My Girl didn't want it. Later that night when I return home, I curl up at her feet and purr. Her toes are cold so I warm them. She reaches down to me and pats my head. "You're a good cat, Buttercup. I love you." She says. Now I know what my job is here. I am her warmer, her friend, her cat. I am Buttercup. Days with My Girl and the Dark Haired One pass quietly but tension begins to build in our little house, I can sense it. My Girl is scared and the Dark haired Girl is meaner than usual. Even the mother in her quiet darkness is screaming inside. I don't understand what is happening so I take off into the woods. I have a mate out just beyond the buildings. She's a pretty little cat with fur the color of the forest floor and a snow-white ruff beneath her chin. I've tried to help my girls but whatever they fear, I'm afraid no cat can help. When I return home one afternoon, the Dark Haired Girl is not there. She does not come home that night, or the night after and My Girl cries herself to sleep every night. She holds me too tight but I know she needs to, so I let her. "I love you Buttercup," she says through the tears. "Don't ever leave me." Don't you worry My Girl; I'll be here. The next weeks are confusing to say the least. The Dark Haired Girl isn't here but I hear her voice coming from boxes. I yell for her to come out. My Girl needs her. I yowl at the top of my lungs until I realize it's hurting My Girl. "Buttercup shut up! I can't hear Katniss." Katniss, yes, that's the Dark Haired One. She's caught in the box, no wonder My Girl is crying. A few sunsets later and there is great joy. My Girl and the mother are jumping up and down. There is still fear in the air but, overpowering it is joy. "She's coming home, Buttercup!" My girl tells me and she does. We leave our little house and go to a bigger one. My Girl worries it will confuse me to have a new home. Silly girl doesn't know she's my home, wherever she is, I am. The move to the new house brings new people, a boy with golden hair like My Girl and a grumpy man who smells like sour mash. The boy treats me with food under the table and the man yells at me to go away but then scratches my ears if I get close. He reminds me of the dark girl. A full set of seasons goes by when the Dark Girl is gone again. She takes the boy and the man with her. My Girl and the mother cry again. Why does she keep leaving? I think. Doesn't she know they cry? Cats hate crying, ok maybe not all cats but I do. The girl and the boy's voices come from the box and I hate it. My Girl and the mother are scared. I feel the call of the wild one night and leave to visit my mate. I'll be back before My Girl goes to bed, I promise. I have crossed the houses and find her by the metal buildings when the loud noises start. The ground shakes and my mate and I take off running. Fire finds us and singes our fur but we keep running for the trees. We keep running until the smell of smoke no longer stings our noses. We are hurt but we will heal. I think about My Girl. I must get back to My Girl. After many sunsets I feel strong enough to return home. My mate stays in the sunny glade we found. There are plenty of mice and a stream with water. She will have my kittens soon. I leave. It's what tomcats do. I must find My Girl. It's what I do. My instincts call me back to the big house. The goat is gone. The house is empty. I try to find the little house but the warm ground scares me away. There are no houses to see. Just ashes. I return to the big house to wait. My window is open; My Girl was waiting for me to return that night. She must be worried about me. I wait and I wait. Leaving only to find food, I wait and I think. I think about my mate, I hope she found a warm, dry spot to keep our kittens and I hope they all grow strong. I'll never know them. Tomcats rarely do. There's a strange noise outside. I hear it approaching. I remember that sound just before the loud noises started that brought the fire. I run to hide. This time there are no noises. Only people. They walk around what's left of our town. Then as the breeze blows I catch a familiar scent. The Dark Haired Girl is nearby.. I must find her. I go to the house and she comes. I frighten her at first. She wants me to come with her but I need to wait for My Girl. "I'll take you to Prim" she says. Prim, Prim is My Girl, I think. I let her pick me up by the scruff of my neck. It's a humiliating thing for an adult cat to be carried like a kitten but she said My Girl would be waiting. So I go along. I hide in a bag around her shoulders and I'm quiet. Outside the bag are noises I do not know, voices I do not know and I am scared but I am quiet. My Girl is waiting. When the bag is