Hey guyz, Axel here with the very first chapter of mine and Catgirlskitsune's new story, Of Mischief and Magic. It is a Lord of The Rings story mostly, with a touch of Thor (Meaning it has Loki in it) but not enough to make it being a crossover. It has romance in it of course and features the OC characters Aurorah and Ana. For now I am going to rate the story as T because there is no smut in it now. There is only one warning for this chapter. WARNING: MENTIONS OF RAPE Anyways, the chapters will all be more then 5000 words, so it will take us longer to get a chapter out. At most you will get one chapter a month, maybe two if we are busting butt. The cover for the story is drawn by ADAxel Well I hope you enjoy. By ADAxel and Catgirlkitsune Of Mischeif and Magick Chapter One: Magicstuck Shadowed green eyes flicked up to stare at the smug faces of the Avengers and Loki felt himself bristle with indignation. His voice and magic were bound by a silver muzzle and shackles. His gaze drifted down to the Tesseract in the hands of his brother. No, not brother, he reminded himself. Thor. He was not blood anymore. His fists clenched in anger. He would not play the prisoner for long. He despised the thought of having to return to Asgard, the realm of Odin. The pleading words of Thor only incited painful memories, ones he would rather burry after murdering ruthlessly. He cared not for the mocking words of the mortals as Thor turned his attention to the contraption the Tesseract was in, instructing him to hold the other end. As the power started to gather within the cube he felt a separate pulling at his being that caused a sinful smirk to appear under his muzzle. It would seem he would not be imprisoned today after all. As the light of the Tesseract grew and threw them into the cosmos, he used its power to fuel the pulling at his being, successfully detangling himself from the pillar of energy shooting towards Asgard. Thor's brief shock as Loki slipped from his side was highly gratifying. Candlelight reflected off of the dust covered walls, the orange glow a vast contrast to the darkness of the new moon filtering through the window. Candles were placed in strategic positions throughout the room, creating a five pointed star that stretched nearly the whole length of the creaky wooden floorboards. An intricate pentacle made of white chalk was sketched across the wood, each point of the star carefully positioned with the candles representing each element. Norse runes lay between the lines of the pentagram, the meaning unknown to one who had not studied the archaic language in depth. Sitting in opposing sides of the the pentagram were two women, one holding an intricate Athame in her lap while the other watched her with wary eyes, her hands hovering just above the chalk. "You sure you're not going to get possessed with this kind of ritual, because if you do, I am so drowning you in holy toilet water." said the blue-eyed, red-head. Her hair was chopped short, the back around an inch in length and spiky looking while her bangs swept down in loose wave to frame her face. The hair at the base of her skull ended in thick, dyed-black braids that fell over her chest. The robes she wore were tight around her generous curves; the cord holding them closed only accentuating her hourglass figure. Her form shifted when a gust of cool air blew by through the open windows, causing chills to run down her spine. She groaned as she looked down at her chest. "And do I really have to wear this…with nothing underneath?" She drew the faux-fur lined hooded jacket she had draped over herself closer to her chest, embarrassed by the way her nipples showed through the cloth. The woman holding the Athame chuckled. Her long brunette hair slid over her shoulders as she tilted her head and smirked at her friend's misfortune. She herself was suffering from her modest chest reacting to the cold, but handled it with more dignity than the busty red-head. "I've said before Aurorah, being as close to nature as possible helps the magick to flow more smoothly." The brunette's green eyes drifted down to the Athame in her hands, her slender fingers running across the blade reverently. "I need as much help as I can get to perform this spell to its fullest." "And you need me to go commando to do this?" The red-head buried herself in her jacket briefly before shaking herself out and bringing her hands back to hover above the chalk. No matter how much she snarked at her friend, she was glad that she could help her with something like this. The brunette laughed lightly before turning her gaze out of the large bay windows. Her thoughts turned inward as she stared up at the clear night sky, stars twinkling in the night of the new moon. Memories of her coven being slaughtered flashed across her eyes. Everything had been so peaceful before the hunters found them; they had never hurt anyone, and yet they still slaughtered them like pigs. "Ana…?" She was brought back to earth at her friend's call. A worried blue gaze met hers and she smiled weakly in reassurance. The wound was still fresh, but she knew it would fade with time. She would be fine, eventually. Her chest rose before deflating, clearing her mind as the air escaped her lungs. "I'm fine. I was just…remembering." Her hand clenched around the dark handle of the Athame before she looked up at Aurorah with determined eyes. "It's time we began." Aurorah stared a bit longer at her closest friend before deciding to let it go. She took her own soothing breath before turning her attention fully to doing her part in the ritual, focusing on expelling her energy into the chalk below her. Ana reached beside her, picking up a white candle that had already been lit. She then gently placed it in the middle of the circle, her motions sure and graceful. She drew a circle in the air with her Athame, gently chanting as she did so. " Great Goddess of Day and Night, Protect me with all your might. " A blue mist started to form around the two women, shifting into a translucent sphere that surrounded them and the circle. When she felt the spell settle, she brought forth a sprig of burning sage and set it to the left of the white candle before starting another chant. " In this place and this hour, By the guardians of the secrets of the night, Take the keys to my heart And close the doors of my mind. " The shield around them shimmered and a gentle breeze played with the hair of the two women, the air growing charged with intent. Ana's green eyes locked with Aurorah's own baby-blues, each woman's determination strengthening the other. The Athame seemed to glint with the light of the stars as she brought it up before her, the circle around her starting to glow and glitter as it sensed her intent. The Athame drifted through the air before her, flames manifesting and floating suspended as the rune Dagaz was carved into the air between the two women. Both their voices rose with the next chant, tone and speed matching in perfect harmony. " Oath-Breaker, Troublemaker, Master of Lies, Cunning deceiver, evil spell-weaver, Skillful Shape-Changer, Son of Giant, Asgard defiant, Keep me from danger. Cunning and fire, treacherous liar, Come to my aid, Teach me your daring, mischievous faring, That trouble be made. Wondrous dark magic, Loki, teach me, But hearken that my spirit stays free. " Stars and cosmos sped past him as he was pulled across the realms. He was traveling millions of light years in what felt like seconds. His eyes were slits as he tried to determine who or what was summoning him, the magic of it felt old and archaic. His form tensed when he felt the squeezing of entering a new realm; he blinked and with a gust of wind he found himself crouched in the middle of a summoning circle. Loki locked eyes with that of the witch he assumed had summoned him, glare dark and intimidating. She was mildly attractive, with a soft face and green eyes, but nothing compared to the women of Asgard. He turned his gaze behind him when he heard a soft squeak, encountering another woman, this one lacking the heavy aura of magick. His gaze briefly drifted to her…excited bosom before glancing back up into the red-heads blue eyes, a brow cocked and eyes smirking in place of his muzzled mouth. The busty red-head puffed up in anger and embarrassment before turning her gaze to the brunette. "Did you have to summon a pervert Ana?" He felt a flash of anger at the red-head's words but was distracted when the one called Ana silenced her loud friend and stood up to meet him on equal ground. The dagger in her hand hung at her side as she stared straight into his eyes. "My name is Anastasia and I was the one who summoned you." Loki decided to humor the mortal and mocked bowed at her, his shackled hands making it awkward. He gestured to his muzzle with a pointed look. The woman looked hesitant before carefully walking up to him, reaching her arms around his head to unclasp the muzzle. It came off with a hiss and he breathed a sigh of relief. "I thank you; I was in quite the predicament before you provided me an escape route." He heard the red-head stand up from her spot behind him before making her way around the circle so she was standing beside the brunette. He kept his gaze bored as he glanced between the two. Perhaps he could persuade them to undo his shackles as well. Mortal women tended to be quite gullible. "If you would…?" He brought up his shackled hands, a smile on his face as he contemplated ways he would kill them once he was free. However they did not move to free him. The brunette narrowed her eyes at him and he grew annoyed when he sensed her magick grow suspicious of him. He sighed before deciding to take things into his own hands. The shedding of the muzzle had freed a portion of his power and with the ambient magic around him he may just be able to break the shackles on his own. Disregarding the two women in front of him, he quickly chanted a spell and shifted his stance, unknowingly smudging the circle below him. "No!" As he finished his chant the magick around him reacted to the brunettes panic, betraying Loki and instead heeding her call. The struggle for control of the magick by the two users caused a disturbance, one that quickly grew bright and blinded them all; blasting the house they were in off the face of the planet. Ana's breath came back to her in a huge gasp. Her body twisted and turned as air rushed past her, her dress robes and hair whipping past her as her body tumbled down to earth. She desperately searched around her in a panic, making out Aurorah and who she assumed was Loki falling not far off. "Rory!" She reached out towards her friend, eyes occasionally closing from the harsh winds. She saw Aurorah twist around before noticing her, her eyes mirroring the fear she felt. She saw Rory's body twist around from the air currents, the scream she let loose only increasing her own fear. As the ground grew closer she noticed blue emerging from the green blob that was the earth below. She only had a