Chapter 1 Flight from Branberry November nights were always the worst. They were the kinds of nights where you sat curled up against the warmth of a fireplace, the lick of its flames sliding up your body and filling your body to the brim in comfort and calm. They were the kinds of nights where you cocooned yourself in five blankets, nestling down against the fabrics of your bed and clung to whatever stuffie happened to be within two feet of you. They were the kinds of nights where you watch the icy rain splash against the windows, ogling at the crack of lightning that split the sky into streams of silver and gold. Nathaniel Barrow however, did not have the fortune of experiencing November nights in such a manner. The wind gifted dark secrets in quiet whispers in that chilly, dark ally. Picking up crumpled pieces of paper, they were flung across the uneven slabs of broken concrete, swirling around a shape huddled against the rough side of a building. Haunting beams of silver light cast down from a half shadowed moon illuminated the figure who shifted, trying to disappear in his oversized coat. Crouched behind a stack of UPS boxes, the boy gave a violent shiver. The tips of his fingers were numb and cold, and as he gave a shaky exhale his breath curled in an icy mist, evaporating inches from his lips and he closed his black eyes, leaning against the boxes. Normally, he would have been able to take refuge from the cold. He had one particular spot in an abandoned shop that he would typically go to on such cold nights. But not this time. Not with the creature lingering in every shadow. Giving a small shiver, one not elicited from the cold, the young boy scooted further underneath the lamp that hung from the wall with a sign just below it, swaying slowly in the breeze. He hadn't even bothered trying to read what it said. Every time the young boy strained to read, the letters would swerve and spin, making it absolutely impossible. Concrete steps led up to a worn, light green door with a bronze knob. He tugged his scarf tighter around his neck. It was a ratty, old thing, black and green that was ripped and stained, the ends of it tattered and mauled. But with the way the young boy clutched it firmly in his hand, you would have guessed it was the most important thing in the world. Reaching inside his coat, with his messy black hair falling over his eyes, the boy pulled half a rice crispie treat. It would have screamed unsanitary to anyone not half starved. Nathaniel however, nibbled off the ends fondly, giving a delighted sigh as the child rested his head back against the wall. At seven years old, he should have been nestled with his parents in some place that was warm and cozy. Nathaniel could hardly recall those moments. Indeed, the only thing young Nathan could remember was the night of the accident. It was a night he chose to keep pushed to the back of his mind. A large crash from behind had Nathan jolting where he sat, snapping his head to the side as his black eyes darted fearfully down the alley to his back. His body was tensed, ready to spring and bolt at the slightest notice of danger. His gaze flashed from the trashcan that had been tipped over to the road, where he could see cars shooting by. His body remained immobile from some time, not daring to loosen in fear that the creature might show its face again. Finally after what seemed like hours, Nathaniel let himself uncoil and he slumped tiredly against the wall, closing his eyes. He was so exhausted. He'd been running for days, with no direction, no idea where to go. At least until he came here. It seemed safe, he hadn't seen the creature for some time, until last night of course. His fingers remained curled around the stolen kitchen knife in his small, pale hands. This creature that had been following him, it was a monster. During the weeks it had been stalking him, it never tried to harm him, but every time it came too close he would slash at it with his knife. Only to find that the blade would pass right through its skin, like he was attacking a ghost. No one else saw it. Every time he shouted out, trying to draw attention from the adults they would merely give him an odd look and continue watching. He couldn't understand why the others couldn't see it, too. Was he truly going insane? He felt the familiar chill edge its way down his spine and he shivered, backing up so close to the wall that any closer would cause him to phase right through. His eyes remained closed. Maybe if he kept them shut, whatever was out there would go away. Part of him thought bitterly, why don't you just eat me already? Nathaniel Barrow however, is very stubborn. And death was not on the agenda. His heart dropped into his stomach as he felt hot breath on his face. His hands were shaking, and his eyes remained glued shut, fingers trembling around the kitchen knife. It's not real, it's not real, it's not reach. Another breath that rolled over his skin had Nathaniel opening his eyes, and turning to face the beast. And he gazed straight into eyes of hellfire, belonging to a massive, black hound. Nathaniel gasped, shooting up and he backed away so briskly that his heel caught his toes, sending the boy to his bottom. His callused hands clawed behind him as he scooted backwards, eyes locked on the hound in terror. Like always, the hound did not attack. It stood stoically over the boy, waving its tail back and forth. Nathaniel couldn't understand what it wanted. Was it toying with him? Trying to make him feel fear? If so, it was working with flying colours. "Get away from me!" Nathan shouted, grabbing a piece of broken concrete from the ground. He hurled it at the hound, striking the monster mutt on the nose and it shook its head in a manner of confusion then snarled, crouching low, as if to pounce. Nathaniel squeezed his eyes shut. Goodbye, cruel world. There was a yelp and they instantly snapped open. Something was sticking out of the hound's flank - the shaft of an arrow? Its eyes turned on Nathaniel, and for a moment, he thought he saw a question in those eyes. Why? Why however was too long a question to answer, as the hound dissolved into ash, blown away with the next wind. "Damned dogs are always trying to get into my garbage." The voice tore Nathan's eyes up from the spot where the monster had been up to the concrete steps leading up into the building. An old woman stood in the open doorway, where soft lamplight spilled outside from within. She must have been at least in her fifties, her hair overtaken with grey and wrinkled along her face and neck. Old, fragile, except for her eyes. A piercing grey that stabbed into Nathaniel just like the arrows strapped to her back. They were almost as scary as the scowl she wore on her lips. "Well?" She asked. "What do you want?" He couldn't speak. He tried to form a question, but it was lost in his throat, so instead he croaked something incomprehensible and looked at the ground quickly, red rushing up into his face. "Speak up, boy." She was met with silence. His mouth was now locked shut as he kept his eyes peeled to the ground. The woman didn't say anything for a moment. He knew she was watching him, could feel those eyes of hers piercing into the top of his head. Finally she walked over, her shoes slapping against the concrete of the alley, approaching him. His spirits lifted. Was she going to help him? Give him food? Instead, her wrinkled, old lady fingers snapped onto Nathan's ear and yanked him up, a pitiful yowl escaping through his lips. "Did you hear me?" She asked loudly. "What do you want?" "Food!" He yelped. It was the first thing that came to mind. She stared at him for a long moment before letting go and he rubbed at his earlobe pathetically. "Food, eh," she said, stepping back to examine him. He felt her eyes travel along his emaciated figure and he huddled deeper into his coat, looking away angrily. Finally, after a moment of silence, she nodded at the open door. "You've come to the right place, Nathaniel Barrow," she said, gesturing up towards the sign that swung behind her. Nathan's eyes trailed up to the old sign and squinted. With a light gasp, he realized he could read it. The words didn't swirl as much as they normally did, and after a brief second of concentrating, the words were clear in his mind. Branberry Orphanage Home to Half Breeds, Misfits and Mavericks. "Branberry?" Nathaniel read slowly. A thought crossed his mind and he turned his eyes back to the old woman. "How do you know my name?" He asked suspiciously, his hand tightening around the puny excuse of a knife that he held in his hand. His fingers wrapped firmly around the knife as she crouched down, but when he noticed the lack of a metallic edge in her eyes, he relaxed enough for her to gently take the weapon, tucking it into her pocket. "You won't need that anymore, Nathan," she said, ignoring his question. "You will be safe here." "I hate it here." The dark haired teen lay sprawled out on the sofa, his feet hidden by thick combat boots kicked up on the coffee table, bitter black eyes latched onto the younger children that play on the red carpet of the living room. Branberry Orphanage. When he had arrived at the place ten years ago, there had been only one other resident, a young girl his age. As the years passed, it had quickly filled up, now with he and said female friend the eldest residents, all the others fourteen or under. And Nathan didn't make a very good babysitter. Blowing his hair out of his face, which spiked forward in a rebellious manner, he turned ebon eyes out the window where cold wind splashed against the window. Ten years to the date he's been in here. He had just about had it with this place. He couldn't wait to set out on his own in a year. "You've been saying that for ten years," came a bored reply to his left. Glancing over, Ember was lounging on the couch, her feet behind his back, a light smirk on her thin lips as she watched him, pale green eyes locked onto his. His best friend, and the thorn that was constantly in his side. She moved her feet so that they were hanging over the sofa, tilting her head and raised a pierced brow. "And you still haven't left. I'm sensing a pattern here, Natty." She tucked a stray string of raven black hair behind her ear, the rest hanging from a messy ponytail. "I would if that crazy old bat would let me," Nathan countered indignantly, rubbing his face as he leaned back against the couch. It was a lie, of course. As much as he hated being cooped up in an old, rickety orphanage that constantly smelled like prune juice, it had become home to the young man. A place he could go to for comfort. Despite the fact that it was a dump. The orphanage was once a hotel, bought from their caretaker when she was young with her family's fortune, turning it into an orphanage for the weirdo brats that had nowhere to go. You know, the ones