First actual chapter here. Review peeps. Replys are at the bottom. Btw the ritual language is just made up no real translation. Also PM me if you want to Beta this story as I'm going to need some help with keepinug the grammar correct and spellings right. Also this would be like a co owner ship to the story where we can trade ideas and work on making an awesome Gamer story. Chapter 1 Ritual and Effect Last time - She took a breathe "Me, you and fate are going to go do this ritual and the power it will my son will bring primordials to there knees once he grows in power. He will have no limit." "Sure thing.. Angela, Let us go now." Hades spoke grabbing his sisters arm as she teleported them both away with a flash of light. Now With a flash of light both Hades and Angela now reveled to be Perseus mother to us have transported to a massive cave currently in the grand canyon. You see this is the lair of fate it is heavily guarded with mist so strong Gods don't know where it is. It is also covered in repel wards and runes of protection to keep this place from ever being walked in by accident though it happens from time to time. But another feature to the cave is that it is constantly moving. Every few minutes it stays at a location and then moves to the next so they tend to never be found unless by pure accident. "Hades we must hurry before it moves, into the cave." Angela spoke with urgency to her brother Hades. Hades followed his sisters fast walk. As they entered the cave he felt it wash over him the effects of this place telling him to run away. He looked over at his sister to see her hood covering her face as she speed walked stiffly in to the cave not bothered by the mist and magic around this place. As they got past a certain point Hades could not hide the gasp that left his mouth. Inside he expected it be worn and dirty but what they upon was something much more different than what he had imagined. The entrance spread wide about 100 feet and went up 150 feet. Pure marble columns with silver and gold seemingly looking like it was made and carved out of one big piece of marble filled with gold and silver. There we're massive paintings framed in gold and silver of people throughout time. From scenes of when Kronos ruled to a picture of Achilles battling at troy. There we're others of mortals who did great or terrible things as well like Hitler to the 300 Spartans who held back the Persians. They walked across the massive room till they finally came upon a missive oak and bronze door. Angela walked up to the door and pushed them open with ease only someone like Heracles could. "Ananke" She bellowed. Stalking forward to greet the Primordial of Fate herself she grabbed the said goddess in a fierce hug. Ananke spoke with a voice caring like a mothers and a soft smile on her face "Angela my dear, beautiful as ever. I see it is time for your son to be free from fate and change the world for the better." Angela nodded her head furiously making me wonder what his fate would of been should we not of been here to help. "Ahh young Hades as handsome as ever i see." smiling gently she came over and shook his hand. Hades spoke a small smile coming on to his face "Thank you, Lady Ananke." he gave a small bow to show he respected her and didn't want to be on her bad side. Laughing gently she shook her head and said "None of that child, i am not an Olympian." Spoke in a way to mock the Olympians and there want for everyone to bow at there feet. Hades couldn't help himself as he let out a chuckle at how his siblings. Angela looking impatient spoke "Ananke, we must proceed to do this now please." Ananke let loose a sigh and proceeded to speak "Im not fully sure what this ritual will give your son other than a power unknown to us at this time. And for the power there will be a price from us and him." She took a breath to continue "Our payment will be in a little blood that will be used in the ritual but freeing him from fate could bring changes unknown to us to our world." Looking more stressed now she spoke "But that is if mother accepts to help after we have done this ritual if not then it will fail and your son will die." Angela looking nervous and deep in thought. After a few moments she spoke "Yes, we will do this I am sure Lady Chaos will not let my first born son die." the I hope was kept in thought to herself. Ananke looked at her knowing her true thoughts on the matter at hand went to speak when a darkness seeped in to the room. The shadows did not feel of her sisters but of a different type she had not felt in millennia. "Mother." Came the words from Anakes mouth as she did not ever expect to see her mother again. Since she was so busy with the rest of the universe and its making. "Hello my child. It has been many years since I rested my eyes on you." the voice spoke coming from all directions. It was neutral in sound with no emotion but the power behind it was overwhelming. Her mere presence made Hades feel like a bug. He dropped to his knees from the aura that she gave off making him do so. Then as quick as it came it was gone. "I must apologise i forget being around weaker beings I have to lock away my power so they can at least be in my presence." She said sounding genuinely bad. "It is fine Lady Chaos." Hades spoke back. Standing back up straight and a bit annoyed for being called weak. Then the shadows moved again to the centre next to where they stand and wrapped in a cocoon of darkness then it melted seemingly in to the ground reveling a women of unimaginable beauty. Hair darker than pitch black and eyes holding millions of stars inside them showing explosions of stars and black holes eating away at different galaxies. "Ahem" Chaos cleared her throat. Quite loud might I add, Snapping them out of there starring at her eyes. Chaos shifted as though she was unconfutable. "I believe that you required me for something." Chaos spoke sounding amused and had this know it all look in her eye. Ananke looked at Angela waiting for her to tell her what she wishes for. Angela's courage seemed to seep away from her in that moment. Hades noticing this cleared his throat and stepped forward saying. "Lady Chaos, my sister wishes to perform a ritual to help her son and free him from his fate." Hades was looking nervous now. Chaos got this emotionless look in her eye and she just stared at Hades. Hades was shaking now and beginning to feel very unconfutable with how she was staring. Hades stayed patient though waiting for Chaos to say something. Chaos then out of nowhere burst in to laughter the hysterical kind and was struggling to breathe. Finally she caught her breathe and spoke. "Sorry Hades it just your face." giggles escaping her lips as she speaks again. "You looked like you were getting touched somewhere that's not been touched before on you." Here she threw a casual wink at him finding it funny how his cheeks got a golden blush on them and made him shift more unconfutable. Now she turned to Angela staring at her with a soft caring gaze. "My dear, I can see that your child will need this power from what I can see of what is to come. But even I do not know the limit of this power. It can make whatever they hold closest in to a power or furthest. We shall know when the time comes. Now follow I wish to help with this myself as well." With those words she stalked up to a wall resting her hand on it, the wall pulled itself open revealing a obsidian stone stair way leading down into a dark hallway lit only with greek fire in seemingly what appears to be a black diamond. Stalking down the stairway, Chaos grabbed a torch from the wall and began leading the way down. Hades and Angela looked at each other then at Ananke. Who in turn noticed there look and rolled her eyes before gracefully following her mothers steps. Hades and Angela soon followed after the mother and daughter down the stair way that seemed to be leading no where. A whole hour passed before they saw the end coming up Chaos still keeping her pace and not at all bothered by the seemingly endless stair way. Hades could not help his sigh of relief as they came upon a massive stone room lit with torches of greek fire and a single river running through the room. A single massive slab of rock in the middle with a big whole inside was sitting right in the middle of the room. Dead trees littered the area surrounding the cave. Looking closer Hades noticed that om the stone slab that Chaos was walking to seemed to be covered in runes. Inside there was a pool of dark blue and blood red swirling together inside the slab stirred by an invisible spoon. Stepping closer Hades could feel the power roll if this area in waves. Like that of a gods true form but much more powerful and thick yet it seemed to not have any domains like it was pure godly energy. "Mana" Chaos said simply answering Hades question out load that they all had asked through there mind. Except Angela as she seemed to know what it was before us and looked nervous now. Then again she is the goddess of mana and power as her domains are so she can most likely see the effects of what type of mana this would be if it was anything holding a form of power. Back to the present though Chaos looked at us all expectedly and then she sighed as she realised Hades was confused and the other two were in shock at the amount of thick pure mana was in the pool. You see the stronger the ritual the more steps needed. Like more forms of mana, pure mana but to use so much pure mana usually very powerful spells held only about a litre of mana but this held well over 100 litres so you can understand why the goddess of mana was currently looking at something rivaling her true form. And for the goddess of fate it was the fact she could see fate of everything including mana objects such as a mana powered tool or weapon it has a fate of when meeting its end or just a tree as they are all powered by natural mana. There are three main basics of mana. Natural, Light and Dark but there is a forth where this mana is like lets say the mana of life it is pure mana released out of a mana pool inside a being. But too have so much would be unheard of. A human could hold about 10 milliliters of pure mana inside them which would be next to nothing from making one shade of grass move. Where as demi-gods get mana relating to there godly parents and a weak demi-god holds half a litre and some demi-gods usually of the big three