Hello! This is my new document, I have decided to rewrite some of the fanfiction and decided it was too hard to do so with rewriting and replacing documents in my other story, so I will do it here instead! I hope you will enjoy this take on it as well, and the story will be pretty much the same, just with a different writing form and maybe more details. I hope you will enjoy this! *James' POV* "C'mon James, you have spent all your time with Lily these past few weeks. C'mon, join us out doing some mischief, mate!" Sirius whined, giving his friend a weak nudge in the side. James just shook his head in reply, grinning. "You know I can't. I just love her so much you know? And we have a date in the library in half an hour. And NO, you can't come." "That's it! You are neglecting me. ME. Your best friend, nay, BROTHER." "Oh, shush you. Just admit it, you love Lily almost just as much as me Padfoot." Remus chuckled behind them, receiving a short half-hearted glare from Sirius while doing so. The three of them were just walking back from a Quidditch practice, all wet and cold after being out in the snow for so long. It was starting to melt, making the snow extra wet and unbearable. It was late February after all, and soon Spring would set in properly. Many looked forwards to brighter days. Especially with everything that was going on. "What do you think, though, James? You think you'll end up with her?" "Yes. Heck, one day I'm going to marry her. I promise you guys.I wouldn't even need any time to think about it. One day I'm going to marry Lily Evans." James had to take a shower and change before meeting Lily in the library for their study date. They had been dating properly since the very beginning of the year and been friends over half a year before that. He loved every moment he spent together with her, and although their relationship had been progressing really fast, he did not mind one bit. Both of them were very busy, however, with them being Head Boy and Girl, and him being the Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. James was just approaching, when he knew that something was wrong. He could see her, sitting in their usual spot further back in the library, by the window where they had shared their first kiss, but she was not her usual bubbly self. He noticed it straight away. She had been crying recently, her eyes were all puffy and still somewhat red, but the rest of her face was pale. She had a pile of books next to her on the desk, but only one of them had even been opened. James approached her carefully, he didn't even dare to grin as he usually would. He just smiled weakly. "Hey, Lil, what's wrong?" he almost whispered, finding that his voice was suddenly cracking, as he sat down across from her. Lily looked up at him, and he knew immediately that he had been right. She had been crying. Their eyes met for a few short moments, before she averted them, looking instead down at her Transfiguration book, which had been opened at a random page. "James…" she began with a low voice, still not looking at him. Dread filled him suddenly. Was she possibly about to break up with him? Had he been such a horrible boyfriend that she did no longer want to be with him? "Did I do something wrong?" he suddenly interrupted her, the dread getting the best of him. She looked up suddenly with puzzled eyes, smiling slowly and shaking her head. After a few moments, she took a hold of his right hand, and James immediately felt a little bit more relaxed. Her hands were always so warm and soft, her warmth spreading across his arm like it was a drug. For a few seconds, James forgot altogether about his dread, and could only think about how much he loved the woman sitting across from him. How much he would sacrifice for her, as long as she would never stop loving him. But like every moment, that also passed. "What's wrong, Lily? Tell me, please." James watched as Lily took a deep, shaky breath. Her eyes glazed over slightly with tears, but she tried her best to smile weakly, although it did not end up entirely sincere. "Y-you know how I've been ill a lot these past weeks?" She began, her voice starting to sound a little bit stronger than before. James nodded, thinking about all the times she had had to run off to throw up for the past couple of weeks, and how she had a cold that seemed to never fully go away, despite help from Madame Pomfrey and various Potions she offered her. "Yes, you've had a harsh cold, wasn't that what Madame Pomfrey called it?" She nodded. "I went back to the Infirmary today to get a new check up from her since she told me to return by today if I hadn't gotten any better." she stopped again, a couple of tears finally tickling down her cheeks. "S-she tried to run some more tests, James. Turns out I do not have a cold at all…" "What is it then? Is it serious?" Panic erupted inside of him suddenly, his thoughts flying to all the deadly magical diseases he knew about. From Dragon Pox to any muggle diseases he could recall. Lily nodded finally, a sob escaping her lips, and she clutched his hand tightly. The two of them just sat there like that for a few minutes, Lily sobbing while he tried to give her whatever comfort he could. James tried to get up to maybe hold her, hug her, but she just gripped his hand more tightly, preventing him from moving. He desperately wanted to ask her what was wrong, to find out what it was, how he could help, but he didn't know how. Some part of him was too scared to find out. It seemed like an eternity had passed when Lily finally spoke up again, and by then even her soft whisper felt like screaming. "I'm pregnant, James." "What?" he almost shouted in shock, his eyes widening. "And I know that it is far too early along for us to have a child together, we haven't even been dating a year, and we haven't even discussed our relationship after we finish school…-" "- Lily, stop talking," James finally muttered. "-what?" "I love you. And, I would spend eternity together with you, if you'd let me. " Suddenly Lily's eyes widened, and their eyes met. James smiled at her, not regretting for a single moment what he had just confessed to her. He had been in love with her since their very first year of school, and he was not about to stop now. "Lil, do you want to keep the baby? If you could decide that right now, would you?" he began, not wanting to force her into something just because she saw that he approved. She dried her cheeks and eyes with the sleeve of her sweater, sniffling a few times as she did so. "Honestly? I'd do it as long as it was together with you. But I'm scared. Are we ready to become parents? What will your parents say?" "We may not be ready now, but when the baby comes we will be." James smiled, "And don't worry about my parents. They are old, and they love you." "Really?" "Would I lie about something like this, Lil? Honestly, they love you like a part of the family already." Lily smiled, almost like it was the biggest relief that she would be approved by his parents. James just smiled at the girl sitting opposite him. She was so beautiful, it was almost like he had been blind to her true intense beauty, and just now spotted her real form. "Lily? Will you marry me?" James got up from his chair and knelt down on the dusty library floor, grinning from ear to ear at the woman in front of him. "Yes." *Lily's POV* After graduating from Hogwarts, James asked Lily to move in together with him and his elderly parents until they found a place of their own. Lily moved in instantly, and later that summer the two of them got married in a beautiful summer wedding. The war was progressing dangerously, and no one was safe in the Wizarding world. The two of them, together with Sirius, Remus and Peter joined the Order of the Phoenix fighting against the dark forces of Voldemort full-time and helped protect the innocent and weak. James and Lily continued to live together with his parents for a while and found it hard to find their own place with a child on the way. Although Dumbledore did not like the fact that Lily still fought and tried to protect people despite the fact that she was very pregnant, she was allowed to as her skill level was too valuable. When Death Eaters attacked the town Hogsmead in mid-August 1978, the Potters were some of the first to arrive to protect the villagers against the attacking Death Eaters. Lily heard the chaos from the moment she apparated on site. People were screaming and running everywhere, and houses were burning. Smoke filled the air, hitting her nose shockingly strong. James was right in front of her, running towards the biggest group of Death Eaters. Order members were appearing steadily, but not quickly enough to get control of the situation. Lily split from the group to tend to any injured and get them out of the immediate fighting zone. The first her eyes landed on was three children that were hunched behind some tables in the middle of the most dangerous fighting. One of them was sobbing, while the other two just looked frozen. Terrified. She ran to them as fast as her legs would carry her, clutching her wand so hard that her wrist was beginning to hurt. The focus of the Death Eaters wasn't on her, though. Not yet. James had caught a lot of them by surprise. "Hey, I'm going to help you to a safer place," she said quietly to the children. Their eyes widened at the sight of her, but they hurried along with her without any complaints, too scared to object. The safest place in Hogsmeade was a pub at the very outskirts of the town, and Lily was nearly there when she noticed another child standing behind the corner of a building, paralyzed by fear. She tried to soothe the child, but the little boy just started to cry. It ended up with her having to carry the little boy, slowing them down progressively. "Alright, stay here until someone comes to fetch you, deal? And keep your heads down, please. " The second the children were safe inside of the pub, Lily ran back in the opposite direction. The firing off spells could be heard from far away, so she did not even need to think about where she was going. A lot more people had joined the fight by now, on both sides, and she noticed that Dumbledore was there as well. Before she could join James in the fighting, however, she was jumped by two large Death Eaters. She could not tell whom either of the men was due to their skull masks, and she almost wished that she had the same form of anonymity. They neared her dangerously, almost mockingly. It made her stomach sink with dread. "Expelliarmus!" she shouted, and the man to her right almost did not manage to deflect her spell in time. With that, the fighting started full time. Although both men were slower than her at casting spells and charms, none of