Disclaimer: This is for the whole fic. JK Rowling is a literary goddess, I am a humble mortal and own nothing she has invented. A/N: I realise this isn't entirely original as a concept, but I hope you'll enjoy it anyway. Please give it a chance, and let me know what you think either way! :) Pure Blood(y) Irony Chapter One "Merlin's beard, we were never that small." Lily smirked. "We were. Smaller, if I recall." Helena returned her gaze to the first-years waiting to be sorted. "You don't recall. That one's only as high as my knee for Heaven's sake." "Strange, isn't it?" Amelia Peasegood, another Gryffindor seventh-year, asked. "To think that this is the last time we'll ever watch the sorting." "A little. But we've seen six now, participated in one. And I'm not going to miss those ridiculous songs the Hat makes up," Helena said. "I don't think they're ridiculous," Lily said. "It really helped my nerves in first-year actually." "Didn't help mine," Helena muttered, putting herself in the midgets' shoes. It had gone completely as expected so far. All the 'A's' were done, the 'B's' were underway and the people Helena had grown up with had been sorted into the houses she'd expected them too. Mostly Slytherin—she could see her cousin Bellatrix sitting proudly among the other purebloods. Helena hadn't sat with Bellatrix on the train, and she wasn't looking forward to the inevitable sorting into Slytherin. Thankfully she'd seen Sirius first, and sat with him and his new friend James Potter on the long journey up to Hogwarts. Sirius was probably the favourite of her relatives, namely because he was the only one who talked common sense and showed compassion to anyone not a pureblood. Helena could just about see his dark-haired head in the line ahead of her. He was next. Professor McGonagall read his name out in a loud, carrying voice. "Black, Sirius!" At least there would be one person in Slytherin she could stand, Helena thought sullenly. But almost as soon as the Sorting Hat had touched his head, it yelled completely the wrong house. "Gryffindor." The half-bloods and muggle-borns began clapping; the purebloods sat stunned. A Black being sorted somewhere other than Slytherin? That wasn't right. That meant…blood-treachery! Still in the queue, Helena was panicking. Merlin's beard, if her name wasn't enough to ensure she was placed in the right house, then what did she have to do? Did she even want to be in the right house? She knew she didn't fit in with her parents and brother—didn't think the way they thought or even look like them, but surely being put into Slytherin would fix that? Except… Except she didn't want to be in Slytherin. And if Sirius could get put somewhere else, then why couldn't she? Maybe she could compromise? Finally at the head of the line, McGonagall called her name. "Malfoy, Helena." The hat dropped down over her ears when it got plonked down on her head. A Malfoy, eh? Funny, you don't seem like a Malfoy… Now where would you do best in? Um…maybe Ravenclaw? she suggested tentatively. Well, you do have the intelligence, but there's more spirit than there is intellectualism here. Ambition in a general sense rather than the desire for power your family have, so perhaps not Slytherin. But all my family have been in Slytherin! And if all your family decided lassoing dragons was a good idea, you would too? the Hat asked archly. No, my dear, there's only one place you should be, and it's GRYFFINDOR! She got the same reaction as Sirius had, and stunned, made her way over to the Gryffindor table. Sirius had already made room for her, and was looking incredibly relieved. "Thank God for that, I thought it was just going to be me!" " I don't understand why it put us here though." " Simple," James Potter said from Sirius' other side. "Because you're both too brave for Slytherin." Helena glanced over at the Slytherin table in time to be on the receiving end of a blistering glare from Bellatrix. "Blood-traitors," she mouthed harshly. Well, Bellatrix still thought they were blood-traitors. Unlike then though, now Helena didn't care. Gryffindor was where she belonged, and where Sirius belonged. Catching his eye, she smiled warmly at him, then rolled her eyes when he started grimacing at the frightened first-years, making them blanch with terror. "You are such a bully." "All the best people are, Hellfire." She wanted to issue a scathing retort, except just then the feast appeared on the table, and the delicious smells proved too much for her brain to handle. Mmmm, Yorkshires… Incredible puddings followed amazing savouries, with no one holding back. By the time the desserts faded from the plates, Helena's stomach ached with pleasure. Beside her, Lily appeared to be in a food coma. Helena poked her. "Lily. Lily ." "What?" "You have to show the first-years where to go." "Wha'? Oh, crap, first-years!" Helena giggled as the redhead leapt to her feet. As a prefect she'd taken her responsibilities seriously, as Head Girl it appeared even more so. Which was more than Helena could say for the Head Boy . Lily hit him on the back of the head on her way past. "Potter! Come on !" His eyes lit up. "Where we going, Evans? 'Cause I'll go anywhere with you." "We're showing the first-years where to go, you creep ." "That's what prefects are for!" he protested. "Urgh, what was Dumbledore thinking ? Get off your lazy backside, Potter, or I swear I'll report you to McGonagall." "Bad luck, Prongs," Sirius grinned as Lily stormed off. James groaned, but did get up. "Oi, Evans! Wait up!" On the long slow walk back to Gryffindor Tower, Helena found herself walking next to Remus Lupin. "How was your summer?" she asked. "Uneventful," he replied, "though these days I should be grateful for that, I know." Well, it might have been uneventful, but he still looked as utterly exhausted as he always did. Two months' break from school-work didn't seem to have done anything to remedy that. "How was yours?" he asked. "Fine. Long. I'm still a disappointment to my family, I missed everyone here. Glad to be back." "You've been seventeen for a while," Remus reasoned, "couldn't you move out?" "With what money?" she asked. "Father might not be able to stand the sight of me but that doesn't mean he's willing to pay out to buy me a place of my own either. No, I need to graduate and get a job first." "Why not do what I did?" Sirius' voice asked from just behind them. "Because only savages live in tents, Padfoot," she grinned. "And I doubt Lily would be all that enthused with the idea of me living on her lawn." "Well you could always shack up with me," he winked. "Yes…when dragons start hatching pink and fluffy, I believe I'll do that." No one really stuck around in the common room on the first night, too full of food and anticipation to do much more than collapse into bed. The first-years certainly weren't capable of anything else. Helena was happy to go to bed as well, and headed for the staircases on the far side of the common room. Remus and Sirius didn't follow, and when she looked over her shoulder, they and Peter Pettigrew were huddled around the fire, heads together. It really did not surprise her that they'd been back less than six hours and the self-styled 'Marauders' were already plotting something. Well, she just hoped that whatever it was, they weren't going to involve her. What Helena had not counted on was involving herself the next evening. The day had started badly anyway, as Professor McGonagall handed around the seventh-year time tables. And it was murder. Receiving them, she and Lily had given identical looks of horror at each other, as they were taking the same classes. "Are they allowed to make us work this hard? Legally I mean?" "Probably. Bloody hell." It was bad. Monday was three solid hours of Transfiguration with the Ravenclaws, which wasn't so terrible, but followed by two hours of potions (with the Hufflepuffs) then an hour of Charms before dinner with the Slytherins. Tuesday was split between Defence Against the Dark Arts and Herbology, with Wednesday devoted entirely to Charms again. Thursday was more DADA then Transfiguration, then Potions and Herbology again last thing on a Friday. But whereas every year before this one had been nine in the morning to four in the afternoon, lessons began at eight thirty and didn't end until five thirty. A little way down the table, the Marauders were being handed theirs. Remus took and looked down it without comment, while Peter simply looked terrified. James, when McGonagall gave him his, simply laughed and gave it back. "Professor, you've given me the timetable of a superhuman!" "That is the usual boast, is it not, Mr Potter?" she replied tartly, shoving it back into his hands. "Black, here's yours." Sirius took it, and promptly choked on his pumpkin juice. "It's bad, isn't it?" Helena asked. He nodded. "Yours is the same?" Oddly for two almost completely opposite career paths, the NEWTs that prospective Aurors and Healers needed were exactly the same, because they were so hard. Aurors needed to have qualifications in 'challenging' subjects, while Healers could never predict the kind of medical problem their patients might present them with. Once qualified, Helena would then pick a speciality, whether it be curse injuries or animal bites. But there was going to be a lot of work, that was for damn sure. At least they only had Charms with the Slytherins, which she didn't think Severus Snape would be taking. She'd never liked him, but she knew being around him still upset Lily. Unfortunately it did mean that all of their classes, they were sharing with the Marauders. And if there was one person guaranteed to wind Lily up more than Snape, it would be James. Helena looked at the timetable again, mentally calculating how she could keep them apart. It wasn't that she didn't want them to get together, just that she wanted to get through her NEWTs without getting caught in any explosions. Literal ones, as had happened at least twice last year when James pushed it too far. Well, she knew there was a Ravenclaw girl who had a crush on him, so for Transfiguration that shouldn't be too difficult, and maybe could have the added benefit of making Lily jealous. Probably. Maybe. Potions…Professor Slughorn would probably be a help there. Helena wasn't a member of the Slug Club (thankfully), but Lily firmly was, so she'd be placed at the front of the class in order for Slughorn to show off his favourite. As for the others she would just have to play it by ear. Hopefully Sirius would be a little less obnoxious than usual so that she could rely on his help. It did get a little irritating that she had to work so hard at it though; Lily had other friends who could stop James from interfering, but one bone-melting smile from James' secret weapon (Sirius) and most of them fell apart and forgot all about intervening. It didn't go as badly as it could have done. She didn't have Sirius' help, since he'd suddenly realised that this was the last year at Hogwarts and he still hadn't seduced Mary MacDonald. This wasn't surprising—Helena and Lily both spent a lot of their time discouraging their friends from falling for Sirius. If they'd only had sex on their mind (as he did) then it wouldn't be so bad, but almost every girl he slept with seemed to be sure that they would be the one to 'tame' Sirius Black—and then got terribly disappointed when they weren't. Anyway, since he was busy flirting his tight, perfectly-formed arse off, Helena had to