Daughter of the Dunedain Chapter 1 Disclaimer: We all realize how pointless this disclaimer is, right? No one's going to read it anyway. Well, here goes. I, the mostly unwilling authoress, do not own anything at all except possibly Aelswyth, a pack of orange slices(those little, yummy, sugary candies, and an empty cup of coffee. All other characters, creations, creatures, etc., etc., are the legal property of whoever is in charge of John Ronald Reuel Tolkien's estate? Also, I got most of my Sindarin from and whatever I could remember. And this is gonna take from both the movies and the books. A.N.: I hope Aelswyth doesn't come across as a Mary-Sue! Ewwww! In saying that, I also realize that the term itself is now highly relative. Anyway, this first few chapters are gonna be a long ones. It takes place (mostly) in the 17 years following Mr. Bilbo Baggins's eleventy-first birthday. Also, I lack a beta so if maybe you could point out mistakes I've made, typographical or otherwise, I would greatly appreciate it! OH! And, uhm, review? Please? Quotage: Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, Nor hell a fury like a woman scorned~William Congreve. Some Years Ago The night, it seemed, was not going to end anytime soon. Not for the man and certainly not for his woman who was cursing his very name. He could not blame her, of course, for childbirth was long and painful. She was well within her rights to throttle him within an inch of his life. And she just might yet., he mused as she crushed his hand in hers. Just then a cry broke the night. It was hearty wail and his heart leapt. Surely, it was son. Surely, it was a boy his wife had birthed. " Aeldir, tell me, Aeldir, is he well?" Even his wife seemed to suspect it was a son but one glance told Aeldir otherwise. " Aye, my wife. Our daughter is well and alive." "A daughter?" And her voice trembled when she spoke. " That she is, my dear, and lovely as her mother. " His wife, who did not feel particularly lovely at the time, laughed warmly as she ran a hand through her husband's greying hair. " Oh, you always could charm me, Aeldir." "It is why you love me.," he stated softly as he held his wailing daughter in his arms. Aeldir passed his daughter to his wife and enjoyed this one calm, blessed moment. For moments like this were so few nowadays. " A! Aeldir, she is lovely!" There was a little pause. " Aelswyth shall be her name and she will be just as great as her father." Aeldir did not think himself great in any moment of his life before his daughter had been born but here was this little thing that depended on him entirely, that needed him more than the breath of life. Now, he was truly great and all longing for a son had been dimmed though not all together forgotten. Perhaps, she could have a little brother one day... Aelswyth, seventeen now and still an only child, sparred with one of the other boys in the village. She was straining hard against him but fighting valiantly all the same. He was not much older than her but clearly he was blessed with a sword when it was in his hands. When she had been bested not twice but three times, she relented and let the wooden sword fall to the ground in embellished mock defeat. " Tiro!., " she called, pointing toward the horizon. She saw something, someone, running toward them. He wore the rusty green and brown garb of her father and for a moment she thought him to be her father. As he came closer however, she realized that this man was not her father and she looked to her mother for some command. " Sedho , Aelswyth!," snapped her mother as the grim-looking man approached. " Your name and your purpose, stranger! " Aelswyth had never before heard her mother use so harsh a tone or take such a defensive stance. "I am a Ranger of Arnor. I owe allegiance to the seven stars and seven stones." "And one white tree.," finished her mother, visibly relaxing, though she continued to wring her hands in nervous spite. " I am Strider, son of Arathorn, and I come with news from the West ." Aelswyth regarded him with a pair of wide, admiring eyes. Son of Arathorn. Even she knew what that meant and she was young yet. He seemed to be a giant, towering head and shoulders above the meandering folk around him. His eyes were sharp and grey. His hair was shaggy and dark and his face was pale and stern. " I seek the family of one Aeldir, son of Hurdir ." " Then, you have found us .," her mother stated, motioning to her and Aelswyth who had moved a few steps closer to her mother. " What news do you bring of my husband and why could he not bring this news himself?" " I am sorry but Aeldir was slain in battle . Orcs ambushed the company he was guiding through Nindalf ." Her mother clutched her heart with one hand and with another held onto Aelswyth's shoulder as though to steady herself. Aelswyth glanced up into his eyes, now full of so much compassion and swallowed hard as she looked away. Her mother's body shook against her as she fell to the ground, still clasping Aelswyth's shoulder, and a strangled sob broke the silence. " Who will take his place ?," inquired a somber Aelswyth, disentangling herself from her still weeping mother. She repeated herself when no one answered. She thought that perhaps no one had heard. " We heard you, gwennig.," said the son of Arathorn in a low, melodious voice. Despair tinged with bemusement flashed in his eyes. " I would not have you fill his place." "He had no sons; it is my place, my... birth-right?" Her mother's wordless sob interrupted her. She knelt down to whisper words of comfort in her mother's ear. The sobbing gave way to whimpering which gave way to silence. She did not stand but looked up to him with a gaze steeled and hard as stone. " I am obligated, gwador vell. " "Do what you must, gwennig ." And with that Strider, son of Arathorn, departed in utter silence. Now, outside the Prancing Pony, his words still rang clearly through her head. In fact, she often found herself thinking of the man who had brought her such grim tidings and perhaps that was why. Often the things she remembered were not things most would wish to recall. The faces of the dead. Their names... Shaking her head of dark hair, she cleared her mind of such foolish thoughts and headed inside. The warmth was stifling at first but then somehow comforting as well. It had been so long since she'd been warm that she hardly knew what it felt like anymore. And the people were absolutely mad. She snorted with discontent when she realized more than half of them were drunk. Oh, she'd give anything for some good elven wine though and a hunk of their bread. Rubbing her palms together, she shouldered her way to a table in a dark corner. Just where he would expect her to be. " I hate wizards. ," she growled in Sindarin. The whole lot of 'em. "My dear, whatever did we do to you?," came a soft, commanding voice from ahead of her. Her sharp, grey eyes shot upward and rested on Gandalf the Grey. He was a curious man, though not a Man . He was disguised, she knew, in the sagging, sinking skin of an old man but in his eyes she saw a fire burning there that could not be quenched. An uncontrollable and artless shiver raced down her spine. "Nothing at all, Mister Gandalf. Nothing at all." She looked at him expectantly. Already she was impatient and awaited his explanation but he took his time of course. Asked all sorts of arbitrary questions. Ones that did not matter, ones she did not care about or care for. She answered them, naturally but with lessening patience and when the wizard pointed this out with a certain glimmer in his eyes, she could not resist the urge to sneer. " What do you want?" He laughed though there was little mirth to it. She remembered very clearly something her father had told her once. Never trifle in the business of wizards. They are subtle and quick to anger... I should've listened to him more when he was alive., she realized sadly. "I? I want to have a nice meal and a little chat with an old friend." Aelswyth laughed, delight dancing in her grey eyes. "Surely you don't mean me ?" " You ? No. No. Not quite." He seemed appropriately ashamed at this but she knew well enough that he wasn't. No, the Ithryn didn't get that way. They hardly ever got any way at all unless it was useful to them. "But I do have a task for you-" "- Naturally -," she muttered, biting her lower lip. "What was that, my dear? You'll have to speak up. I'm old and, as such, hard of hearing. Now, where was I? Ah, yes, a task. I need you to go to Minas Tirith, my dear girl-" "Whatever for?" A sudden and unfamiliar fear gripped her. Minas Tirith? She wondered what he was thinking. Minas... Tirith... What is there for me but heartache and head pains? My mother, my poor mother... After her father had been slain, her mother returned to her own people in Gondor but it did her little good. Aeldir's death had, in a word, killed two birds with one stone. His life and his wife's mind... "Patience, little one, patience." So, she bit her tongue and nodded slowly. "I need you to watch-" "-Spy, you mean?-" "Aye, spy, as it were." He chuckled warmly and patted her arm with much affection. "I suspect Denethor of using a palantír for some, ah, less than admirable mission of a sort." "And I am to do what precisely? And to what purpose" She arched a cool, dark brow and her mouth became very stern. "Because I ask it of you." "That is fair enough, I suppose but wha-" "There you go again. You always did go off half-cocked . If you would've waited a moment more I perhaps would have finished." He eyed her curiously for a moment longer than he should have. Before his stare could probe into her soul, she looked away very quickly. " If would've been more patien you would've heard me say how there is, I fear, little hope for Denethor but his sons, I suspect, will fare better with a little help, of course." "And I am to provide this help?" "You and only you, I fear. I know none fiercer nor more admired by the people of Gondor." "Through no effort of mine. My father was there for whatever reason and-" But Gandalf held up a lined hand and she fell silent instantly. "I know why, little one, but you could use his name. You could perhaps mention it, couldn't you?" "Of course, Mister Gandalf.," sighed Aelswyth, suddenly resigned to her fate, it seemed. "There's a good girl-" "-I'm no girl!," she snapped, cross. The wizard smiled kindly. "It's a long journey and you might want to get started on it soon. Perhaps now?" "I can take a hint well enough.," she growled as she rose out of her chair. "Not quick enough; here's my man now." Aelswyth, sighing again, quickly took her leave of the Prancing Pony but saw nothing of Gandalf's man. "Who was that?," wondered a soft and familiar voice from the