Life Choices Remade Characters: Bella Swan, Jacob Black, Sam Uley, Jared Trueheart, Paul Lahote, Embry Call, Charlie Swan, Billy Black, Edward Cullen, Alice Cullen, Carlisle Cullen Synopsis: The week of their wedding, Bella gets a flash of what could happen if they were married and have children and winds up back eighteen months in the past to the day she sees Edward first, only this time she knows what the circumstances are, can she change her future or will things play out like they did in this time. Warnings: The Prologue is going to be in Edward and Jacob's POV, before it switches to Bella's, and this is going to be their thoughts of the end of the third book, before the changed timeline, so for those who've read the minds of their favorite characters this is going into the I.D.'s, or inner desires of both male leads in the book as they speak their thoughts of Bella. Charlie is also going to get the first bit of the truth from the adult pack, before he learns everything from the young pack and she gets sent back in time. Also with each member of the young pack that changes and her uncle coming back in the early portion of the story as her parents and the members of each group that didn't get the letters she's sending them, she is going to be explaining the truth to them with each member that starts phasing, so expect certain conversation to repeat themselves as the story continues. Disclaimers: Twilight doesn't belong to me, the story belongs to me, everything else bselongs to Stephenie Meyer. Chapter 1: The Prologue Edward's POV I've done it it finally, the mutt is gone for good, it has taken close to eighteen months for me to get him and his disgusting pack out of her life, but I've finally managed it by sending a wedding invitation to him and his father and that has caused him to leave her, and here is why, because as far as I'm concerned he's a danger to her, she belongs to me and nothing is taking her away from me, no matter what I have to do. I've known since I locked gazes with the mutt's father, that he is her imprint and have kept it silent for a year and a half. I've seen his inner thoughts and memories and it shocked me to my core. The leader of the tribe was the alpha who raised her and his friends were her father's quintet, these men were retired werewolves and she had been born half Quileute, to make matters more serious, if she ever found out the truth, and that is that four fifths of the pack are related to her, by blood and adoption, and she is the great grand daughter of the tribe leader's omega and his mate, they will all kill me. If my family ever learns the truth I will be torn apart and roasted, and the truth is she met my family to be reintroduced into our world, but she belongs to Black and her cousins are Uley, Trueheart and Call, while her adoptive brothers and sisters are Black's twin older sisters, young Clearwater and his sister, Black Senior is her godfather and Clearwater's wife is her godmother, while the rest of the paternal pack are her father's closest friends, these wolves were no danger to her, no matter what I thought. And the reason is they had raised her from a baby, Black's father was the red werewolf in the pictures on the hallway wall, their families were tightly bonded, but five years separation was put to my advantage, she had no memory of what they were to her, what they taught her, nor of our weapons, but if those memories came back I was in deep shit once it got to Carlisle, because he had prohibited our hunting weapons to be used. A far more dangerous secret here I've kept from them is, ever since I learned that she belongs to Black, I've been dosing her with our pheromone, which is against the treaty we made with Ephraim Black when we met the pack ninety years early, if they and the pack ever learn this I'm as good as dead, because her memories have faded of them when they were just children, and I've been suppressing them, having Alice watch her, and are always in earshot to keep the truth from getting to her. I can only hope she does not remember, because if she finds out what I've done I will lose her, and I will not allow that to happen, no matter what now. As I think this I watch her and see the sadness in her eyes and know she's thinking about them and her future and what it means, I hope nothing gets in the way of my plans, but the wedding is only weeks away and I hope nothing goes wrong in that time. Jacob POV I couldn't believe it, I knew I had it right, the bastard was trying to get me out of her life, and so he could keep a serious secret from her and that is that she is mine, our parents agreed, when I reached my phasing age, she and I were to be betrothed. She was my imprint, I'm her mate, for whatever reason she had rushed things, and before I could get the chance to tell her the truth, he tears my heart out. I once said he was a drug to her, I just never knew how right I was, the parasites had a pheromone that is a narcotic, and I've never been sure here, but I think he used it on her, my love for her was that of a true piece of humanity, I can only hope she finds the information, before it is too late, because if she doesn't, it won't be just my heart that is torn apart, but her parents, our friends, my father and Sue. My father was her godfather and he loved her like another daughter, Sue thought the same way about her, and our families were a trio. 'Bro, something is wrong here, I've been getting reports from Charlie and mom that she's starting to get cold feet about this. Something is happening here.' I heard from my surrogate kid brother Seth and I gently responded to that. 'Whatever it is, monitor it guys, because whatever it is, could be the break we've been waiting for.' I told him, before hearing from Leah at that. 'Jake what are you talking about, she made her choice?' she asked and I sighed. 'Did your father ever tell you the real reason we were her protection, before you phased?' I asked and she quickly answered me. 'Not much of it, but I know dad thought of her as something more than a family friend.' she said and I nodded as I answered her. 'Our parents have been friends for forty years Le, the love you felt in me is because she was supposed to be mine, if she finds the clues, you're getting the truth that way, but dad is the only chance we have of getting her back, before he bites her.' I said and knew she nodded. 'Name changes Jake?' she asked with an amused tone. 'Yeah, if you don't mind my calling you that, since I used to call you that all the time as a toddler?' I asked and heard a chuckle as she answered that. 'No it's fine, what do you need us to do?' she asked and I quickly answered her as I ran past Mount Rushmore. 'If she comes onto the reservation, let her in, she's probably going to come to my house, and if she does, you're getting the whole truth, but the ones coming to my place when that happens are the seven of you, Colin, Dillion and Brady, dad filled me in on the last pack and the entire council were retired from active duty sis, your father was a werewolf.' I said and their tones went shocked at that. 'Dad was active, I thought he quit by the time I was ten?' she repeated and I quickly answered her. 'He retired when I was seven, whatever colors they had are probably why she relaxed so quickly when she saw the seven of us though, because it took barely ten minutes for the shock to give out, and she relaxed automatically Le, but we need to hear this from dad and your mother later, so when she comes to see them, call me." 'I'm waiting till she either calls me through the link or some other mental/emotional connection, before I come back, because the leach is a dead man, if he did what I think, Sam you hear me, because this is beta to alpha bro.' I called out and he quickly answered me. 'Yeah Jake what is it?' he asked me gently. 'How are you guys holding up over this?' I asked and I heard four sighs as Jared answered that. 'Not good, I'm not sure what it is, but I feel like the bonds shifted from friendship to more than that, and Em, Sam and Paul feel the same way, but we're not sure why, God I hope she decides to not go through with it, I love her like she's my sister now.' he said and heard four voices answer that in agreement. 'Any of you get a look at the photos on the walls at your houses guy?' I asked and got four negatives. 'Guys, did any of you ever wonder why they took they treaty so seriously, before you became wolves or why they hated the Cullen's so much or even why they decided to be the ones to deal with her coming onto the reservation all the time last winter?' I asked and got another negative. 'No we didn't, why, what did Billy tell you exactly?' Paul asked and I explained it to them. 'The previous pack before we started happened to be our fathers, they took the treaty seriously, because they've been in our shoes as well, dad was the retired alpha, and the other eight members of their pack were your fathers', truthfully they were ticked off at the Cullens, because Cullen did a lot of damage to her, before the duo we killed tried to kill her at the time.' 'The broken leg was due to a vampire attack, which explains the scar on her wrist, the redhead's boyfriend was the bastard who nearly killed her, as for Cullen, the bastard essentially tore her heart out last winter, whatever he did explains why your parents were so furious.' I told them and Sam's voice turned dangerous at that. 'So the bastard decided, thanks to a minor mistake, to get out of her life and take the rest of their family with him. As the son of the chief, whats you're real connection to their family exactly man?' he asked and I dropped the bomb. 'Charlie is my godfather guys, he doesn't know about the real back history between us.' I told him firmly. 'Guys, if she comes to visit, contact me with whatever information you learn, because she's going to have some sort of connection to us that is more than we think, alright, Sam those nightmares and reactions you saw in my mind were from that leach we took out, the one when she saw us in our wolf forms, he tried to do more than kill, hopefully she's going to explain that if she does come to my house, and when she does call me through the link, okay.' I said and Sam answered me gently. 'Alright Jake come home when you're ready, we'll be waiting for you bro.' he said and I nodded as I heard six voices call out the same thing