Introductory Notes : Welcome, readers! Just a few notes before we get started: 1.) This story will not be flattering to the Marauders, especially James Potter. I'll be highlighting his arrogance, his bullying and manipulation, along with a willingness to do just about anything to get what he wants. This is a version of his character that feels realistic to me – I find it hard to believe that he went through such a drastic change in a few short years and became the perfect husband/father. 2.) I'm no fan of James, but I do like Lily. If you feel differently, that's fine, but please don't bash her in your reviews. 3.) This story will be canon compliant up to "The Half-Blood Prince", so be prepared for a major character death. 4.) Finally, this is a "Severitus" story. The dynamic between Severus and Harry will be dealt with in part two, while part one will focus on his relationship with Lily. ** Rated M for profanity, sexual content, and other adult themes. Veritas Omnia Vincit : (Latin) Truth Conquers All Part One: Severus and Lily Lily huddled closer to Petunia, doing her best to shield herself from the summer storm. Of course, a simple charm could've kept her dry, but the results would've been too obvious in a cemetery full of Muggles. "Do you have to stand so close?" "I'm getting wet." "Well," Petunia said, "you should've thought of that before you left the house without an umbrella." Shrugging, Lily shot a pointed glance at Vernon. He hadn't brought one either, though Petunia didn't scold him for his oversight. Instead, she made sure he was fully covered, while Lily's dress was already soaked through. "I could duplicate yours," she suggested. "Make one for me and for Vernon, too." Petunia's eyes widened, her face turning an unflattering shade of red. "What did I tell you about…" "I know, but no one's even here yet." "Lily, this is no place for your nasty tricks." " Nasty? There's nothing nasty about…" Suddenly, Petunia's expression changed, her scowl giving way to a subdued smile. She slipped an arm through Vernon's, seeming to forget about Lily as she turned to greet the first arrivals. "Thank you for coming, Julia. I know my mother would've appreciated…" Lily didn't hear the rest, her throat tightening as she watched the pallbearers approach. She still couldn't believe her parents were in those coffins, battered and broken by the car crash that had taken their lives. The last time she'd seen them, they'd never looked better, her father waiting by the door in his finest suit as her mother practically floated down the stairs. "How do I look?" "Beautiful," Lily said, staring at her with open admiration. She'd chosen a cream colored skirt and matching blouse, auburn curls scooped into a loose chignon. Her hair was only a couple shades darker than Lily's, their faces eerily similar despite the three decades that separated them. Only the eyes had been different – Lily had inherited her father's brilliant green, while her mother's were a deep, rich brown. "Thank you, dear." She'd smiled, patting Lily's cheek with one hand as she'd reached for her purse with the other. "We'll be back before midnight." "Have fun!" Have fun?! Those words had haunted Lily ever since, seeming like the worst thing she could've possibly said in that moment. Her parents hadn't even made it to the restaurant, colliding with a drunk driver just a couple miles from home. "There's been an accident, Miss Evans. We've summoned an ambulance for your father." "And my mother?" There'd been a long pause on the other end of the line. "She's gone, Miss Evans. I'm sorry." Lily had Apparated straight to the hospital, too shocked to fully absorb what was happening. Petunia arrived soon thereafter, but by then, it was already too late. Their father had passed away en route, never regaining consciousness. Have fun… she wished she could go back and say something meaningful, hating herself for not choosing her words with more care. Of course, she couldn't have known that her parents were about to die, but what did that matter? She should've told them that she loved them, should've… "Lily!" Blinking furiously, she returned her attention to Petunia. Her sister's manner was still carefully composed, though there was no mistaking the peevish edge to her voice. "I'm sorry, did you say something?" Petunia didn't respond, addressing the man in front of them instead. "You must forgive my sister, Pastor Smith. She hasn't been herself lately." "Perfectly understandable," he replied. "The loss of family is never easy, though we must remember that this separation need not be permanent. If we put our faith in God, we shall be reunited with our loved ones in heaven someday." Lily managed a polite nod, sighing in relief as the pastor turned to leave. He took position between the empty graves, motioning for one of his parishioners to hold an umbrella over his head. "Very well," he said, withdrawing a Bible from his pocket. "Shall we begin?" The service seemed to go on for hours, full of droning prayers and empty platitudes about eternal life. Lily tuned most of it out, realizing it had nothing to do with her parents. Oh, they'd attended church for the occasional holiday, but even that had ended when they'd found out their younger daughter was a witch. "We have to go to church!" Petunia had argued. "It's what decent people do!" "Decent people work hard. They're kind to others and take care of their families. Church has nothing to do with…" "But what will everyone think? If we don't show up, even for Christmas …" "I doubt they'll notice, dear." Of course, Petunia hadn't listened, even when their mother's words turned out to be true. She'd only tried harder to prove her respectability, something she was obviously trying to do with this funeral. It was why she'd chosen the most expensive flowers, why she'd spent thousands on needlessly ornate caskets. She seemed more desperate than ever to make a good impression, smiling sweetly as they were approached by a woman that had to be Vernon's sister. "Marge," she said. "Thank you for coming." "Least I could've done under the circumstances. How are you holding up?" "Well enough, I suppose. We've been so busy planning the funeral that…" "You did a brilliant job," Marge interrupted. "Both of you." Lily looked up, surprised to be acknowledged. But then she noticed that Marge's eyes were fixed on Vernon, who had the nerve to murmur his thanks. Naturally, Petunia did nothing to correct Marge's assumption. She didn't explain that she'd made all the funeral arrangements herself, not even allowing her own sister to help. In fact, she didn't mention Lily at all, leaving her to stand there like some unwanted intruder. "I'm glad you went with the flower arrangements I recommended," said Marge. "I'm sure your parents would've loved…" "Our parents would've hated them." Lily hadn't meant to let the words slip, but she wasn't about to take them back. Instead, she lifted her chin, her eyes defiant. "Ah," Marge said, the shock in her expression giving way to speculation. "You must be Petunia's sister." "I have a name." "Yes, well, we haven't been introduced, have we? I can hardly be expected to know…" "No, I suppose not," Lily said. "I imagine Petunia doesn't talk about me much when I'm not around. Hell, she barely talks to me, even when I'm right here beside her." "Lily…" Petunia's voice was calm, though there was no mistaking the flush of color that had crept into her cheeks. "This is Marge Dursley. Marge, this is my younger sister, Lily." "Pleasure," Marge said stiffly. "Likewise." With that, Lily excused herself, knowing that her presence wasn't welcome. The three of them seemed determined to exclude her, as if they'd already formed some new family to which she didn't belong. That thought made her feel terribly lonely, which wasn't helped by the other guests. She was surrounded by strangers, after all, none of whom bothered to speak to her as she went to stand beside the empty graves. "Who are these people?" she'd asked Petunia when the notices had gone out. "Did they even know Mum and Dad?" "They're my friends. Old schoolmates, work colleagues…" " Your friends." Petunia sniffed. "I don't know what you're implying, but inviting them is the proper thing to do." "Well, in that case, maybe I should invite some of my friends." "You wouldn't dare." Lily had been tempted to argue, though in the end, she'd decided against it. She hadn't wanted to treat the funeral like a social event, surrounding herself with people who'd barely known her parents if they'd ever met them at all. What she wanted was… "Come on, Lily. Let's go." She looked up, surprised to see that most of the guests were heading to their cars. "Aren't we going to stay until…" She trailed off, gesturing at the coffins. "Everyone else is already heading to the house," Petunia said. "Besides, I'd rather not…" For the first time, Lily caught a glimpse of genuine pain in her sister's eyes. The sight was jarring, a stark reminder that Petunia was grieving, too. "I know," she said gently. "It's just a bit too final, isn't it?" "Do you think I bought enough ice?" " Ice? " Petunia nodded. "For drinks." "I don't know, but I was hoping we could talk about…" "Suppose I can always send Vernon to pick up a couple more bags." With that, Petunia strode away without a backward glance, leaving her no choice but to follow. The limousine was warm and dry, though Lily would've rather walked home in the rain. She couldn't imagine anything worse than being trapped in close confines with Marge Dursley, those small, piggish eyes scrutinizing her every movement. "You'll be riding with us, of course," Petunia said. "No need to pay for another taxi." "Thank you, but I need to stop by the hotel and check on the dogs." "No reason we can't take a detour," Vernon said. "Come to think of it, there's no reason you should be spending all that money on a hotel either. We've a perfectly good guest room back at the house." "I wouldn't want to impose." "Nonsense!" Petunia exclaimed. "We'd love to have you." Lily stared at them incredulously, though she knew there was no point in arguing. She didn't even complain when a trio of bulldogs crowded into the car, two of them poking her with their cold noses while the third slobbered all over her dress. Clearly, no one gave a damn what she thought, so why should she… "Vernon says you're on holiday until the end of the month." Petunia nodded. "That should give us time to clean out the house before we put it on the market." "What?!" Lily said. "You can't sell the house!" "Why not? Legally speaking, it's mine now." "But… where am I supposed to live? " Petunia shrugged. "Won't you be going back to that school of yours?" "Yes, but…" Lily trailed off, struggling for composure. "I'll still need a home to come back to. You can't just… Mum and Dad wouldn't have wanted…" "I have no idea what they would've wanted," Petunia shot back, "seeing as they didn't leave a will. What I do know is that this funeral cost a fortune. I need to sell the house to cover what I spent, not to mention…" "It only cost so much because you felt the need to show off!" Petunia narrowed her eyes. "That's a horrible thing to say." "It's the truth," Lily said. "You didn't care what they might've wanted, didn't even stop to consider it. You just…" "The arrangements your sister made were lovely," Marge interjected. "I'm sure your parents would've approved." "Did you even know our parents?" "No, but…" "Right, which means this is none of your damn business!" "