Denethor, son of Ecthelion, waited outside of his father's study as the Steward finished some business with his councilors. Usually, as the Steward's heir, he was himself present at these meetings, but this morning he had had other pressing duties, and had excused himself. At forty-six, Denethor was no longer a young man; his dark hair had streaks of grey, and he had a stern air about him of one who has seen much and remembered all. His face was hard and features lordly; he was a kingly man, one born to rule. The door opened then, and several men came out, and they bowed as they passed the Steward's heir, and the last told him softly that the Steward wished to see him. He nodded and entered the room, shutting the door behind him. Ecthelion II was standing beside the window, looking out over the city to the Pelennor and beyond. When he heard the door shut, he turned to look at his son. He himself was a stern man, though there were lines on his face that spoke of kindly smiles. His hair was snow white where it fell around his shoulders, and his face was wrinkled and lined, the color of his grey eyes dimmed with age. "Ah, Denethor," he said, returning to sit at his desk, "Good. I wished to inform you that I have need of you to travel south, to Dol Amroth." "Dol Amroth?" Denethor asked, somewhat surprised. "Indeed," Ecthelion answered. "It has been many years since one of our family has traveled there, and it is high time. Since I cannot go, I must send you." "Very well, my lord," Denethor answered, even though he had no desire at all to leave his city, for he felt his place was there, by his father's side, instead of a week's journey to the south, bearing messages that any messenger could bring himself. "I admit, my son," Ecthelion said after a moment, almost as if he could tell what his son was thinking, "There is another reason I wish you to go." The Steward paused and rose from his seat to walk back towards the window. "I am no longer young," he began, not meeting Denethor's eyes, "And you grow no younger, my son. You should have been married long ago, but you have turned down all women in Gondor and Rohan that befit your station." At this he turned to face Denethor. "I would see you married, and with an heir, before it is my time to leave this world. I would die happy knowing that our line shall continue. What will come of Gondor if the line of Stewards were also to die?" He turned back to the window. "You must wed, son, and should not delay longer than you have. Adrahil has a daughter, the Lady Finduilas, as I am sure you know. Keep what I have said in mind when looking upon her. From what I have heard of the young lady, she would make a good wife, and it would be a good way to cement our alliance with her father, and later her brother." "Yes, my lord," Denethor answered. "Good. Now, you must prepare for your journey. The ship departs two days hence and you have much to attend to, ere that day." "Indeed. My lord," Denethor bowed to his father before turning to leave, as a slight frown came upon his face. What would this Lady have that all the others had not? Yet it was his father's will, and Denethor would not fail him. He would look at the Lady, and if nothing, then he would not have failed to do as his father bid. Denethor watched as the city of Dol Amroth grew closer. The sight of the swan banners of her princes flying high on the towers of the city by the sea, while not as tall or as beautiful as the White Tower, filled him with relief. He disliked voyages by water, and it was a long journey down the Anduin and along the coast to Dol Amroth. When the ship docked at one of the quays and the gangplank was let down Denethor descended to the pier where a nervous young man stood and bowed before him. "My Lord, I am sent by my Lord, Prince Amrahil, to welcome you to our fair city. If I may be permitted to escort you…" "I thank you for your welcome," Denethor said formally, "And I shall be glad to follow." Leaving his servants to take care all he had brought, he followed the young man to the palace of the Princes of Dol Amroth. It had been many years since Denethor had been in the city. He had been a young man then, only nineteen, and there for the coronation of the new prince, a man nearly fifteen years his senior. He remembered disliking the trip by boat then as well, but remembered the city almost fondly, though he was a stern man and not given to such thoughts. The city had not changed much, though years had passed since Denethor had walked the streets of Dol Amroth. All the buildings were made of light grey stone, and with the sun shining on them and the smell of the salt air of the sea, it made for an entirely different atmosphere than he could find in Minas Tirith, which was aptly named. Here, there was an atmosphere of calm peace, and one almost of longing, as the whisper of the sea could be heard from any point in the city, near or far from the beaches and wharfs though it was. Minas Tirith had a feel of strength, of watchful waiting and a constant threat of war coupled with a timelessness that came from constantly standing on the edge of a threat, as a man would watch a viper waiting to strike. Yet it was his city, and Denethor desired nothing more than to return. The peace of Dol Amroth was disquieting; it made him nervous, as if he had grown so used to being threatened by the shadowy lands to the east that being without the threat was distressing. He shook his thoughts away from Minas Tirith as they entered the Great Hall of the palace where he knew Prince Adrahil would be waiting. The room was large, made of white stone, with windows running the length that let the sunshine stream through on the fine woodworking within. But he did not look to either side, beautiful though the room was, for Adrahil had risen and was smiling. "Greetings, my Lord! We are much honored that you have come to us. It has been many years." "My father is glad to spare me, my Lord," Denethor answered, "I bring you his greetings and continued friendship." "I thank you," Adrahil said, "and I hope you will excuse my lack of hospitality, for my family is not here to greet you on your coming. My wife took my daughter and son to her own family for the Midsummer celebrations this year, but they shall return very soon. I expect them today or tomorrow, at latest." "Do not be concerned of it, Lord," Denethor answered; he was weary from the long voyage and glad he would have time to rest before he would need to meet the Prince's wife and children. The Prince smiled and then nodded in understanding. "Undoubtedly you are weary," he continued, "The journey here from Minas Tirith is long." "It is indeed," Denethor answered as his sharp gaze caught Adrahil look past him to the room beyond. Denethor did not turn but watched Adrahil's face. The man nodded then turned back to the Steward's son. "Your rooms are prepared, Lord Denethor," the Prince told him, "Perhaps you would like to rest tonight, and tomorrow eve we shall have the official feast of welcoming, if that suits you." "Indeed it does, my Lord. I am grateful for your hospitality." "It is my joy to give it," the prince replied, and both men bowed formally before Denethor was lead from the room by a page. The next day passed quickly, for there was much to do. By late afternoon, Denethor had dressed himself in his finest garments and was waiting patiently, sipping a glass of wine, in his chambers, waiting to be summoned to the feast. He stood by the window, looking out across the city to where the sun was sinking towards the horizon, casting sparkles of light across the endless ocean. Even he had to admit that the view was beautiful, the sound of the waves calming, though he still felt uneasy. But the son of Ecthelion was a man, having already seen forty-six winters, and he quashed the uneasiness and decided it undoubtedly had to do with leaving his own city and people behind. A knock came on the door just then, and Denethor turned away from the window immediately, setting down the wine glass on a table. He smoothed his tunic and straightened himself, pushing several strands of his shoulder-length black hair behind his ears as he walked to the door and opened it himself, having dismissed the page who had traveled with him from Minas Tirith. Another page was waiting on the other side, dressed formally as well, and he bowed. "My lord," he said, "Your presence is requested." Denethor nodded, and kept his stern, lordly features clear of emotion, remaining silent. He followed the boy through the palace and down to the Throne Room, where there was already much noise within. The page stepped in before him, and he was announced a moment later, and entered the room. Everyone in the room, including the royal family, stood and all except for the Prince bowed before him. Denethor himself walked until he was just before the throne at the front of the hall, and bowed before the Prince himself. Adrahil smiled, and he spoke in a firm, clear voice. "Lord Denethor, I welcome you to Dol Amroth on behalf of my family and my people," he began, "Many years has it been since one of your family has come among us, and we welcome you in joy and friendship." "I thank you for your generous hospitality and gracious welcome, my Lord," Denethor responded, "Glad indeed am I to be among you. My father and all the people of Gondor send their friendship and bid me offer it to you, so that the amity will never die between our peoples." He answered with a slight bow. Adrahil was also smiling, and he motioned at the woman who stood beside him. "May I present my wife Eärwen," he said, and the woman bowed and spoke in a gentle, musical voice. "Lord Denethor," she said gently. "Lady Eärwen," he replied, with a bow of his own. "My son and heir, Imrahil," he said with a nod to the youth that stood beside his mother, who looked a great deal like his mother, with the same golden hair and blue eyes. "Lord Denethor," the young man, who could be no more than twenty, answered. "Lord Imrahil," he answered. "And my daughter," the prince said with pride, "may I present Finduilas." Denethor turned his face to the woman who was standing by her father's side. He had not looked on her before, so set was he on her father, but he felt himself pause as his gaze fell upon her. She seemed to be at least ten years older than her brother, but she was beautiful. Her hair was as black as Denethor's own, swept away from her face, which had carefully defined, delicate features and deep set green eyes that took him in with a slight hint of shyness in her face. She was tall, though still shorter than he, and rather thin, her skin clear and unblemished. "Lord Denethor," she said, and her voice was soft and gentle as she bowed. "My lady,"