A/N: I absolutely LOVE this pairing, and thought I would write yet ANOTHER fanfiction story. If you have read one of my other stories, I am SO very sorry I haven't been updating… I read more fanfiction than write it. I have been reading Prato stories 24/7, so I kind have an idea of what other writers have been doing. I am NOT going to make a change in age. SO- Cato is 18 and Prim is 12. Sorry if that's too much of an age gap. It will get gruesome at times during the story, so just wait until you see 'BOOM!' signaling a tribute's death. I probably will warn you, but in case you don't like gruesome stories at all, this probably isn't the right place to go to… IT'S THE HUNGER GAMES! Okay… so enough with my rambling. I think I know how I want this to turn out. It's my Spring Break, so I'll be updating often, but every chapter will be kind of longish (2,500 words min.). FYI- The story starts when everyone is gathered for the reaping. Once again, I'll remind you that CATO IS 18 and PRIM IS 12 DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE HUNGER GAMES! PRIM'S POV- Effie Trinket is standing on stage, while giving a speech. This is my first reaping, and my name is in that bowl four times this year, even though I am only twelve. I signed up for tesserae, when I turned twelve this year. I knew mother and Katniss would never approve, even though my sister is technically being a hypocrite considering she also signed up for tesserae when she turned twelve. I turned to the only person that would give me the minimum amount of a minute to explain; Gale. I finally persuaded him into letting me sign up; Katniss has yet to figure it out. I hate lying to her like that, but I know I am doing the right thing. Ever since father died, my mother disclosed herself from the world. Katniss would hunt, and provide food every week, ensuring that we wouldn't starve. I would also hunt with Gale's younger brother, Rory. I am quite skillful with a bow and arrow, along with throwing knives. My sister Katniss' name is in the bowl twenty times. I couldn't imagine life without her. If she was reaped, I knew I couldn't care for mother. Granted, she has grown out of her depression, somewhat. Now, I am standing with the rest of the children at age twelve. I can easily tell that they are terrified, even if their name is in their once. I look over to Katniss, only to see a very isolated, emotionless person. I look over to Gale. He is in the bowl forty two times this year, but I know this will be his last. I find myself angry, or jealous that this is his last year, when this is merely my first. Effie Trinket taps the microphone, getting our attention once more. She clears her throat, and smiles. "As always, ladies first!" she pauses for a dramatic effect, "and may the odds be ever in your favor." She walks over to the glass bowl to her left. I hold my breath, counting my blessings, praying. Pleading. Begging it isn't me. She dives her hand into the bowl, circling her fingers around, until she plunges into the papers, and pulls out only one piece of paper, determining a very unlucky girl's fate. " Katniss Everdeen." I freeze. She couldn't have possibly said Katniss Everdeen. My sister. Outcomes of her fate cloud my brain. But one terrifying one catches attention. She dies. What would mother do? Only two victors have won. One had already died, and the other… I shiver at the thought. Before thinking, I try to run up to Katniss, only to be held back by Peacekeepers. "Katniss!" She turns her eyes, and sees what I'm doing. Her eyes fill with anxiety. She shakes her head, but it's too late. "No, Katniss! I am not letting you leave!" I pull from the Peacekeepers, only to run five more feet to be held back again. "No! Let me go!" My eyes are filling with tears, but I quickly cover up my fear. "I volunteer!" Everyone is silent, and I swear I hear my mother gasp. I pull away from the peacekeepers. "I volunteer as tribute." My sister gasps, and I walk towards the stage. I hear her constant yelling, but I quickly block it out. I walk towards the stage, and up the stairs. Effie is smiling, and ushering me up. She grabs hold of my shoulders, and pulls me towards the middle of the stage. "Well, this is District 12's first volunteer! What's your name, sweet heart?" My face is blank. I keep my eyes locked on the ground. "Primrose Everdeen." I whisper, and in an almost inaudible voice. "Well, I bet my buttons that Katniss was your sister." I nod. "And how old are you?" I try to keep my emotions in check. "I'm twelve." I hear Effie make an inaudible gasp. "Why don't we give this brave tribute a big round of applause?" She claps her hands, but no one responds. Something unexpected happens. Everyone puts three fingers to their mouth then raise their arms. It's a sign of admiration, gratitude, and good-bye. I hold my tears back. "And now for the boys." "Peeta Mellark." A boy that looks around the same age of Katniss walks up to the stage. I block the rest of it out until Effie says to shake hands. …. We are taken to separate rooms to say our good-byes. Katniss walks in, and she runs to me. "Prim!" I hold her, until she pulls back. "Listen to me Prim. You have to win. I know you are good at a bow and arrow and with knives; try to get your hands on one, but if not, make one. Promise me, Prim. Promise me that you will try to win." I say I promise, but I know I can't. I should already be considered dead. My next visitor is my mom. I make her promise not to go into another depression stage. I tell her not to watch the games. Busy herself with healing, or weaving. Rory, then Gale comes in. Gale hugs me, and crouches to my level. "Listen to me. Training lasts for only four days. Use that time to perfect everything. Practice swords, physical combat, even sparring. Get as strong as you can. Stay away from Careers. When you get in the arena, run as far as you can. You will make it out, Prim. I know you can." With that, Peacekeepers take him away. Twenty minutes later, they take me to the train. I see Effie and Peeta, waiting for me. "Hello! I would like to show to your rooms! We will arrive at the Capital tomorrow around noon. Dinner will be in two hours!" She leads us to two doorways, both are identical. "You may choose any room you like." With that, she walks away. I look over to Peeta. "Um, so you can take any one you'd like." I nod. I go to the one that is on the left. When I open the door, I am overwhelmed by its beauty. A humongous bed is in the middle. It is covered by golden silk. There is a wardrobe to my right, and another door to my left. The room is very big, to be on a train. It is almost the size of my entire house! I open the door to my left. It reveals a rather large bath room; shower to my left, a toilet to my right, and a large sink in front of me. I unclothe myself, and step into the shower. There are many buttons; yellow, green, sliver, golden, pink, purple, orange, and more! I press the ON button, and water comes out of the stout. After burning myself and almost freezing to death, I finally get the water to a satisfying temperature. I wash all of the grime, and dirt from myself. I turn it off, and step out to find myself being dried instantly. I gasp in horror but quickly get used to it. I saunter over to my wardrobe, and put on a long sleeve green shirt and blue jeans. I brush out my hair, and dry it, but leave it down. I walk over to the bed, and crawl into the covers. What if I die? There is no question to it. I will. Tributes from District 1 and 2 are the fiercest out of all of the Districts. They are considered Careers, because they normally have trained for The Hunger Games since the age of eight. Almost every year, people willingly volunteer. I grimace. They volunteer to kill children. I wonder how I will die; probably in the bloodbath at Cornucopia. Every Career will stay, and kill at least one tribute each. I remember watching the Hunger Games last year. The arena was a desert. I remember watching the girl from our District getting killed by a spear in the bloodbath. Her name was Sera; she was only fourteen. Her mother died, and her father turned to alcohol. She would hunt for food to keep her father and her from starving. She signed up for so much tesserae, she was in the bowl sixty two times. When I saw the light leave her eyes, I knew that the Careers were heartless, and spell bound to kill anything or anyone in their way of winning. I am rudely pulled out of my thoughts as Effie calls us to dinner. I stand, and go to the dining room table. Only Effie and Peeta are there. I see a huge feast in front of me. There is chicken, soup, carrots, bananas, raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, oranges, beef, steak, water, and something else I don't know the name of. "There is more food to come, so don't over eat." I nod. I don't think I could ever over eat. There is absolutely no way I could ever 'over eat.' Every meal would consist of herbs, but if we were lucky enough to have hunted a bird, we would have that. I sit down, and full my plate up with some chicken and strawberries. Instead of stuffing the food down like Peeta, I savor the taste. "I'm glad that you two were raised with manners. The tributes last year ate like savages." I could feel anger take over me. They were hungry; they never would have had food like this. And the way she said it, with her Capital accent, just boiled my blood. For the rest of the meal, I ate with my hands. Before leaving, I wiped my hands on Effie's precious table cloth. I stomp up stairs and smirk when I hear her shriek with terror. I wonder why I hadn't seen Haymitch. He was probably passed out, or too drunk to care. Every since he had won, he turned to alcohol. I quickly changed into some pajamas. They are silk, and comfortable, unlike my other pajamas that were hardly classified as pajamas. I wonder what Katniss or mother is doing. They probably didn't have dinner. I know if Katniss left, I would have skipped every meal until her return. I think of Rory, and what he might be doing. He is the same age of me, and had also signed up for tesserae, without Gale knowing. What about Lady and Buttercup? I hope Katniss hadn't cooked her yet. I remember coming across a small kitten on the way home from school. I took her home, and the next day, Katniss tried to drown her. I had never completely forgiven her, but I knew she was only trying to help us. Without her, we would probably had have starved. I remember her coming home with two loaves of burnt bread, saying