Hi guys, so welcome to another one-shot. This is actually my longest one-shot. Not counting the A/Ns it's about 13 and 1/3 pages long. I'm so proud of myself right now. This is a gift to my friends Ethempat and RingwraithYJLOVER. Ethem, thanks for helping me figure out if the first part was okay and I truly hope you enjoy the rest! Also thanks for loving my genderbent Percabeth. YJLOVER, thanks for inspiring me to write this, and for keeping me active during my weird on-and-off writer's block. Also this story is an apology to ObeliskX, thank you so much for your patience and understanding, I apprieciate it. Sorry for keeping you waiting. You guys are the best! :D Disclaimer: I do not own PJO/HoO (I wish I did), that incredible honor belongs to Rick Riordan. I also do not own the song Nothin' Like You by Dan and Shay, (as I have said previously) I am by no means, a musical composer. Cover picture/art by Viria. IMPORTANT: So a few things you should know before reading. This is an AU. This is a genderbent Percabeth story too (Note: only Percy and Annabeth are genderbent). This is also a songfic, based off the song Nothin' Like You by Dan and Shay, I suggest you listen to the song before reading, as some scenes might make more sense if you do (Note: There are no lyrics in this story, merely dialogue and description that point to the lyrics. Why? Because it's against FanFiction rules to put lyrics in a story). I think that's it, so… Enjoy, guys! :) Andrew couldn't help but admire the beautiful girl in the corner of the coffee shop. She was staring at an open book in front of her, with a frustrated expression on her face, well a stack of three or four books sat by her side. Her untamable jet black locks swayed against her back as she fidgeted, and every once in a while she'd remove a lock from the front of her eyes to behind her ear, sadly for her though, it was too short to stay there and just slid back into its original position every time. Her vibrant sea green eyes narrowed as they scanned the page and her eyebrows mashed together in her obvious frustration. Andrew sighed. He hoped his conscience was wrong about it being creepy and unsettling to just watch her, because he couldn't help it. Not only was she beautiful, but she was unpredictable, and when you were a people watcher like him, unpredictable was the best entertainment. Did he seriously just think that? Man, he was even starting to creep himself out now. He turned his head back to the conversation in front of him, trying to ignore her. Sorry, conversation was really the wrong word to describe it. It was more of an argument. An argument about… "I bet Andrew is way better at flirting then you, any day of the week!" wait what? Andrew did a double take and blinked, wondering if he heard that correctly. "You wish, Sunshine." An insanely annoying voice replied. Andrew rolled his eyes as Leo Valdez pointed to himself with a boosting-what should have been illegal-amount of pride. "I'm the real deal." He gave the "non-believer"-as Andrew was sure Leo would have put it-a big vexatious grin. His signature vexatious grin. The one that any normal girl melted under if they didn't actually know him. "Please." A voice replied with distaste. Andrew turned his head to meet Calypso, her dark almond eyes full of fire. Andrew was pretty sure she'd fight with Leo to her last breath. "You wouldn't even be the "real deal"-as you put it-if you were the last male on earth!" Leo rolled his eyes and put his right hand over his heart. Andrew seriously hoped Leo did that to protect himself because he was pretty sure Calypso was about to rip it out at any second. "If I were the last male to walk this earth, all the girls would be swooning over me!" he threw back. Calypso laughed. "You're right," she agreed and Leo looked almost surprised. "But only because your survival depends on the survival of the whole human race, they'd be swooning over you because they'd want to be the ones known as the savoir of the human race. Trust me, it would have nothing to do with you." Leo stared at her with mock hurt. "You wound me, O' goddess." Leo smirked diabolically at that one and Calypso glared at him like she was prepared to throw a grenade in his face. Andrew decided to stop them there. "Excuse me," he interrupted. As soon as Calypso met his eyes she sighed in relief and smiled, as if she were thinking Phew, that's right, the intelligent one is here, I forgot. And Leo just glared at him like: Seriously man! I had a good thing going for me here! "Yes?" Calypso asked, sweetly. "Yeah," he replied, he stared at the table for a second before looking back up at her. "How am I any better at flirting then Leo?" Calypso laughed and blushed a little, while Leo brightened and turned to Calypso, his eyes asking the very same question. "You just are." Calypso replied. Andrew laughed. "I'm pretty sure I have no idea how flirting even works, it's one of the few things in the universe I could never understand." He insisted. Calypso smiled like that was the most adorable thing she had ever heard. Leo grinned and Andrew knew he probably wasn't going to like what came next. "Well now's as good as a time as any to learn." He assured. "Let me enlighten you, my friend…" "Oh please," Calypso interrupted crossing her arms. "Girls will be running from him if they knew you're the one who taught him." Leo closed his eyes as if in concentration and put a finger to her lips. "Shush Sunshine," he told her, and if he hadn't pulled his finger away Andrew was positive Calypso would have bit it off. "The master is at work." With that he opened his conniving brown eyes and smiled like never before. "Flirt: to behave as though attracted to or trying to attract someone, but for amusement rather than with serious intentions." Andrew raised an eyebrow. "Did I just hear what I think I heard?" he asked, uncertain. Calypso looked just as shocked as he felt and stared at Leo. "No, those words really did leave the mouth of the Leo Valdez." She assured him. Leo smirked at her. "See Callie? I have intelligence as well as charm." Leo bragged. Calypso rolled her eyes and the moment of amazement had passed. Leo turned to Andrew with a wide grin. "Why did I even come with you guys?" Andrew asked aloud, sighing. "Because you needed to get away from those books." Calypso insisted. Leo nodded. "Yeah dude, I'm pretty sure they were trying to possess you or something." Andrew rolled his eyes and without meaning to, looked in the direction of the beautiful girl in the corner. She was still staring frustratingly at her book and Andrew smiled to himself when she slammed it shut. "Hello, earth to Andrew Chase!" Andrew turned his head back to Leo and Leo spared a glance to the girl in the corner and whistled. "Wow, she's hot." Calypso elbowed him in the side and Leo shrugged innocently. "What?" "Not so loud," she told him. "Not only is it rude, but you'll scare her off." Leo smirked and looked dead straight into Andrew's eyes. "So are you going to go talk to her?" he asked. Andrew sat up straight and raised an eyebrow. "You know, test your skills?" "What?" he asked, disbelievingly. "No." Looking back at the girl though, he seriously debated it. "Oh c'mon dude," Leo replied. "You can't even take your eyes off her." Andrew forced himself to look away. "Nah, I don't even know her." Leo raised his finger to argue, but Calypso put a finger to his lips. "Shush Sunshine," She mocked, grinning evilly. "The master is at work." Leo pushed her hand away and looked almost proud of her. Calypso looked back to Andrew and grinned sweetly. "You know, she looks like she could use a little help studying or something," she said. "You're a bookworm, maybe you could give the poor girl some advice." Leo put his right hand back on his heart and wiped an invisible tear from his eye with his left. "I'm so proud." He gushed. Calypso rolled her eyes, for what Andrew was sure was the millionth time today. "Shut up, Repair boy." She growled. Leo frowned. "That's Piper's thing." He informed. Calypso grinned slyly. "Yeah?" she questioned. "Well I'm sure she won't mind that I borrowed it." Just when Andrew was almost certain they were done talking about him and was prepared to let down his guard, Calypso added, "Seriously, get up and go talk to the girl before kick you." Andrew knew she meant it too. "Fine, fine." He replied, standing up and walking over to the corner. The girl looked up into his eyes as he approached and despite feeling embarrassed, he sat down across from her in the booth. "Can I help you?" she asked, sounding slightly creeped out. Andrew smiled. "Nah, it just looked like you needed some help." He grabbed one of her books (a history book) and opened it up. He could swear he saw Leo and Calypso high five each other out of the corner of his eye. "Oh?" she asked, raising an eyebrow. "What makes you say that?" "Well for one thing, you were about ready to throw this book to the ground a few minutes ago." He answered. "You were watching me?" she asked, scooching back in her seat. Andrew should have been embarrassed, but something about this girl made him feel brave. "It was hard not to when you slammed the book shut." To his surprise the girl grinned. "You go to Goode?" she asked. "Yeah." "So do I." Andrew snickered. "I figured." She blushed in embarrassment and Andrew's grin grew. "So what might be the trouble Ms…?" he said, referring to the books. The girl offered her hand. "Jackson." She told him. "Percy Jackson." Andrew shook her hand. "Andrew Chase." He offered. Percy brightened. "Hey, you're that kid a couple of my teachers are constantly bragging about." Andrew raised his eyebrow. "Really?" he asked. "Yep." Percy suddenly sighed exasperatingly. "They say you're the best student to ever walk into the school and that I should try to be more like you." She rolled her eyes at the thought. Andrew frowned. "Don't listen to them, I just happen to do my very best and make it on that much." He insisted. "I'm sure you're an equally incredible student." "Says the famous school genius I literally just met." She replied. Andrew smiled comfortingly and grabbed all her books, stacking them together. "How can I help?" he asked. Percy smiled. "Thanks." Andrew smiled back. "Don't mention it." He then opened the history book. …...o0o…... Several Months later : Percy had honestly become Andrew's best friend ever since the day they first met. He'd helped her study ever since and learned that she wasn't really that bad at history, math and science on the other hand made him eat his earlier words. "Percy, sit down." He ordered. The troublesome girl was humming and twirling around in the grass. "I'm supposed to be helping you with math." "I have this song stuck in my head." She informed, ignoring him. "I'm pretty sure it goes, da da da da da, da da da da da, try everything…" Andrew lied on his stomach staring at her feet, he noticed her shoelaces were untied and she was dancing. Is she trying to kill herself? He wondered. He looked up to see her face and blocking her beautiful eyes was a pair