IMPORTANT NOTE: This does contain Christian beliefs, if you are uncomfortable with that or are not a believer please do not read. Thank you. I have been thinking about this for the longest time and recently I have gained the inspiration (and courage) to write it. This is not a Pertemis fic, I ship Percabeth far too much to write something like that for some reason. However, there is a strong friendship displayed between Artemis and Percy and I really hope you like it. Enjoy! :) The water glistened under the silver rays of the moon. The waves were soft and quiet as they slapped the shore. Cool sand clung to his palms as he propped himself up to stare at the water. Stars twinkled overhead, each one filling the sky with a mysterious glow. He looked up in the deep dark blue sky and spotted her among the balls of light, The Huntress. Her bow was extended and she was prepared to release the arrow and send a comet shooting across the sky. His heart beat with remorse. Zoe Nightshade. The name still rang in his ears every time he caught a glimpse of her. She had been brave, she had been loyal to a fault, and just as she deserved, she died a hero. He smiled remembering her and the small moments he and his friends had had the pleasure of sharing with her. He almost laughed remembering how hard it was for her to get along with someone like him, a male. The very same male that carried the weapon of her lover, who shattered her heart without a care in the world. He wasn't Hercules though, he didn't know how much it hurt her, he had no idea that this weapon he carried in his pocket had been such a burden to her. He remembered the nuts Grover had lined up on their quest to find Annabeth. "That's us," Grover had said. "Those five nuts right there." " Which one is me?" he had stupidly asked. " The little deformed one," The huntress, Zoe, had suggested. " Oh, shut up." It was almost comical how much she had hated him, but in the end she had told him that she trusted him with the weapon. She told him that she was honored that he carried this weapon. Percy Jackson pulled the ballpoint pen out of his pocket and fiddled with it as he stared. He gazed down at the cap and yanked it off, the next thing that happened came as no surprise to him. The pen morphed into a sword, a Celestial Bronze weapon great for killing monsters, and he'd trusted it through many quests. "Anaklusmos," he whispered. His smile grew as he twisted the sword around in his grip. A perfect balance. "Riptide." He translated. Staring at that sword, thinking about Zoe…it all hurt so much…especially when he remembered all the others who had fallen. Bianca di Angelo, she died saving the lives of Percy and his friends, and he had promised her little brother Nico, he would protect her. Charles Beckendorf, who died on a mission with Percy himself, in an explosion of Greek Fire, the flame that is nearly impossible to put out. Silena Beauregard, she had been trading information with Kronos and his army so that in return she and her boyfriend, Charles, would be safe, she died correcting that mistake. Ethan Nakamura, a traitor who died because he refused to end Percy's life by exposing his Achilles heel. Luke Castellan, a man Percy had come to trust in the short time he knew him, exposed as the ultimate traitor, but he died a hero by ending his life and sending every piece of Kronos back to Tartarus. As much as it hurt to think about them, he was proud to have survived all that. Proud to have known every one of them. Zoe might have been the only one immortalized in the stars, but he'd never forget any of them. Even if sometimes, he wished he could. The son of Poseidon felt the hilt grow warm in his grip and he stared at the letters engraved on the cross-guard and slide his thumb over them, and he remembered everything. A silver beam of light bounced off the blade and into his eyes and he was brought out of his thoughts. Just one more second he stared at Riptide, before he followed the edge up to the point of the blade and placed the cap atop it. Riptide became a pen once again. He looked back to the water and felt something in his gut. An erg coiled around inside him and the waves lapped the shore faster, responding to his desire. He didn't think as he raised his arm and thrusted the pen as far as he could into the water. He then focused his mind on the waves, telling them to carry the utensil as far away from him as they could. The waves complied. In that moment Percy had no regrets, it felt good to do it actually, as if he were throwing away problems. "Is it wise of you, Perseus…?" Percy felt a strong presence approach him, some might describe it as divine, almost godly. They wouldn't be wrong. A figure sat next to him, a beautiful brunette teenage girl, with literal silver eyes, the color of the moon. "…To throw away you're only weapon, when you live in such a dangerous world?" she asked. Percy didn't turn to her, he just stared at the water and smirked. "Lady Artemis." He greeted politely. "Perseus." She nodded her head at him, respectively. The stars grew brighter in her presence, the reflection of the moon in the water sparkled. And as Percy stared at the constellation "The Huntress" he saw Zoe Nightshade release her arrow and sure enough, a comet shot across the sky. His eyes followed the comet. "It always returns." Percy reminded her, meeting her face at last. Artemis stared up at The Huntress with the expression of a proud leader, before she faced Percy once again. "And what should happen if perhaps, one day it doesn't?" she replied, with a sly smirk. Percy leaned forward, placing his arms on his knees and laughed. "Is that a threat?" he asked. "Perhaps." The goddess replied, slipping a mysterious tone into her words. "You'd seriously leave me weaponless?" he asked, seriously. "If it would teach you to take responsibility for your weapon," Artemis told him. "Then yes, I would." Percy felt his nerves rise and he reached into his pocket, but Riptide wasn't there. Percy scowled at the goddess. "Lady Artemis," he started to say. "With all due respect, I-" Artemis snickered in amusement, interrupting. "You have failed to check your left pocket, Perseus." She pointed out. Percy's face went white as he reached into his left pocket and found Riptide, he blushed a deep shade of red as he slipped it out of his pocket to show the goddess. "I'm sorry, M'lady…" he floundered an apology. Percy didn't want to become a jackalope. In fact, you could say he had a healthy fear of being turned into a jackalope by the moon goddess. The goddess laughed, sending a delicate song dancing upon his eardrums. "Truly, Perseus you wouldn't expect me to punish you, a hero, for something so small?" The goddess had not meant it as a serious question, but Percy could not hold back his scowl. Artemis frowned and the stars seemed to dim just a little. "But that is what you believe isn't it, demigod?" "I wouldn't put it past the gods." Percy whispered, venomously. He didn't care if Zeus shot him down with the freaking master bolt, it felt good to get it off his chest. Artemis glared at him. "You'd be wise to hold your tongue, demigod or…" "Or what?" Percy asked, never once lowering his glare. "I've been through Tartarus, literally the living hell, which is something some would describe as a fate worse than death. What could you possibly do to me that could be any worse?" Percy's heart pounded with fear, but he held his glare, even though he knew the goddess could dispose of him quite easily if she wanted to. Artemis sighed. "You're right, of course, Perseus." She said. That surprised Percy so much that he almost completely lowered his guard. "The gods do tend to be far too emotional about just these situations. It's something…" the goddess lowered her head and sighed sadly. "It's something, many of us regret." Percy frowned in confusion, but Artemis just stared up at the stars, a ghost of a smile on her face. "Do you know how long mortal men have stared up at the stars and wondered why they were there?" Percy raised an eyebrow. "Thousands of years." He guessed following her eyes. Artemis smiled at him. "Longer." She informed. Percy blinked, studying the stars further. " Why are they there?" he questioned. The moon goddess was silent for the longest time, before she finally spoke. "Do you believe in God, Perseus?" she asked, innocently. Percy turned to her, uncertain he heard correctly. "What did you say?" "You heard me." She assured. "Is this a test?" Percy asked, suspicious. "Answer the question, sea spawn." She ordered. Percy frowned and turned his eyes to the stars once again. Would he get in trouble if he answered this question the wrong way? His heart pounded fast in his chest. "I don't know," he answered, truthfully. "Should I?" "I cannot answer that." Artemis said. "That is something you must decide on your own, Perseus." Percy nodded. Why was the moon goddess taking this so lightly? It was as if she believed that there was a presence far more divine then her own. "Why do you ask?" The son of Poseidon cocked his head. Artemis sighed. " And God said 'Let there be lights in the vault of the sky to separate the day from the night,' " she quoted. " 'And let them serve as signs to mark sacred times, and days and years, and let them be lights in the vault of the sky to give light on the earth.' And it was so. God made two great lights-the greater light to govern the day and the lesser light to govern the night. He also made the stars. God set them in the vault of the sky to give light on the earth, to govern the day and night, and to separate light from darkness. And God saw that it was good. And there was evening, and there was morning-the fourth day. " Artemis smiled. "Genesis 1:14-19." Percy felt his eyes grow wide. "D-did you just-?" he stuttered. "Did you just quote…the Bible?" Instead of answering his question Artemis stared at him like it was obvious. "I did not create the stars, Perseus. Nor am I the embodiment of them. I was merely chosen to safe-guard them." "Are you saying that…God exists?" Percy questioned, confused. "If you're asking if I know God exists, the answer is no." Artemis said. "But if what you're asking is, do I believe He exists? Well, I wish I could answer you with certainty, but the truth is; I'm not sure myself." Percy nodded, but his mind was in a whole other world. How did she expect him to take all this in? He had only ever known the gods to be greedy, sensitive, egotistical beings who pretty much ignored their own children. A few of them were nice, acceptable people he supposed, but he had never expected any of them to think there could possibly be a force higher than them. Artemis cleared her throat loudly to regain his attention and Percy whipped his head around to look at her. "My point is, Perseus…" she continued. "The gods do not deserve the power they've been given. It is true that we do the jobs we were assigned