Chapter 1 Voldemort fell 5 months ago. We all watched as he hit the ground. After, there had been weeks of partying and celebrating. But under all the drinking, laughter, and the supposed happiness, there was a hidden sense of pain. Nearly everyone had lost people in the war. Unfortunately, no amount of parties could cover up the pain for long. "Hermione!" I jump as Ginny slams her bag down on the table, in the Great Hall. "Finally. I've been trying to get your attention for like ten minutes!" Harry chuckles beside her, "Gin, it was more like thirty seconds." She glares at him, then sits down. "It felt like ten minutes… so what were you doing in that head of your's "Mione?" As Harry sits down beside her, I contemplate what to say. I don't have the heart to tell her I've been reflecting on how bad everything got after the war, as she's convinced that if we don't think or talk about it, it will go away. "Oh I was just trying to remember how many feet of parchment Professor Flitwick wanted for our charms essay." Harry makes a choking noise. "We have a charms essay?" I roll my eyes. "Yes we do, but it isn't due for another week. You should be fine, as long as you actually put your mind to it." We came back for our mandatory eighth year of Hogwarts a month ago, after the school had finally been rebuilt. Harry and Ron still had the same work ethic, and if I was to be honest, I was having a huge amount of trouble trying to focus. The war affected me, more than I'd like to admit. I start to stand up. "Look I have to go to the library. I'll catch up with you guys—." I'm interrupted by Professor McGonagall standing up at the heads table, and asking for everyone's attention. I sigh and sit back down. Something about her serious expression tells me this won't be good. "I have a few matters to discuss with you today. I am aware that not everyone is currently present, so there are announcements being put in all the house common rooms as I speak. As I'm sure everyone knows, there are still quite a few rogue Death Eaters outside our walls. Now I don't want to alarm anyone, there is a large chance that they will be looking for revenge, especially on certain students." Her eyes swept the room, lingering on Harry, Ginny and I for about five seconds, then slowly moving across most of the eighth years that fought in the war. Surprisingly, she then lingered again, this time on Draco Malfoy. I can understand why though, as defecting from Voldemort, and not to mention helping Harry, would definitely put him high up on the Death Eaters list. "Because of this, the Ministry of Magic has decided that we need a new type of defence class, on top of Defence Against the Dark Arts. This class will not be with wands however. As much as we rely on our wands, there is always the chance of being disarmed, or having our wands break. So the Ministry has decided that you are to learn to fight with other weapons." The silence that had previously encompassed Great Hall broke, as everyone started whispering to each other. "Silence!" The students focused their attention back on Professor McGonagall. "This class will be for third years and up, and it will be mandatory. Now, on to the next topic. As this is the first time in Hogwart's history that we have an eighth year, and because of everything the has happened over the last three years, the staff has come to a decision. The war has changed everyone who fought in it, and it has been years since some of our students were sorted. Because of this, we will be resorting all seventh and eighth years." At this, it sounded like the Great Hall exploded. People were yelling and arguing. I just sit in silence. I have no idea which house I'll end up in. On top of that, however, all I can think of is how tired of everything I am. I was hoping I could just bury myself in schoolwork, while pretending everything is normal. I've been working my arse off, trying to hide just how depressed I've gotten. People always say that change is a good thing, but I have a particular feeling that this change won't help me at all. I know I've changed a lot, and part of me is pretty damn sure I won't end up in Gryffindor again. I push that thought out of my mind. Overthinking it won't change anything. "That is quite enough!" McGonagall shouts. "This decision is final. Now onto the third matter of business. We are aware that spirits are low, so we have asked two individuals to stay at our school this year, solely to lift spirits and create some happiness. Everyone, I'm sure you remember Fred and George Weasley." This actually does surprise me. I watch as Fred and George walk out of a door behind the head table. It's an unusual move for McGonagall to make. Hopefully it'll work though. My attention is drawn back to the head table as McGonagall dismisses us. Harry starts to say something, but I'm already off the bench. I practically run to the doors of the Great Hall, and then I'm gone — Three days later, the seventh and eighth years sit in the Great Hall, waiting to be re-sorted. I feel like I'm about to vomit, but I've discovered that by pinching my hand, it gave something to focus on, other then the re-sorting. I'm in the middle of a particularly hard pinch, when a voice cuts through my photos. "Granger, what the fuck are you doing?" I whip my head around to look over my shoulder. Looking right back are the grey eyes of one Draco Malfoy. "Piss off Malfoy." I turn back around. "No. Why were you doing that. Actually what were you doing?" I turn back around, expecting to see glaring grey eyes. But instead they look curious, and almost… concerned? I scoff. Yeah right. Draco Malfoy concerned about anyone but himself. He may have switched sides, but he's still an egotistical prick. "I said piss off Malfoy. It's none of your business." I hear him mutter something, but I ignore it. Then I hear something that I was completely unprepared for. "Granger, Hermione." I wipe my palms on my robes, and slowly stand up. I almost trip as I approach the chair that the old hat is on, but I manage not too. McGonagall lifts the hat, and I sit. The last thing I see before the hat blocks my sight, is a pair of grey, calculating, eyes staring right at me. "Hermione Granger… hmm, haven't seen you in years. Now, what to do with you? Still extremely intelligent I see. Yet you don't seem to have that thirst for knowledge anymore. I doubt Ravenclaw would suit you… hm, now here's a problem. You've still got quite a lot of courage… other Gryffindor traits too, yet this war has changed you quite a lot. You've got a lot of Slytherin qualities in you now. And something else. The war took a huge toll on you didn't it? It'll get a lot worse before it gets better unfortunately. But I know where to put you now. Where there are people who I don't doubt will help you with this crushing darkness." Oh god. I hope this bloody hat doesn't put me where I think it's going to. "SLYTHERIN!" Oh fuck. My head shoots up, and I make eye contact with Harry. He looks as shocked as I feel. I can't bring myself to move, until McGonagall practically pushes me off the chair. I stumble towards the Slytherin table. My new House table. Bloody fucking hat. What the hell is it playing at. This is supposed to help me with the "crushing darkness?" Throwing me in with a House full of people that I don't know, or people that hate me? That definitely sounds helpful. I continue my inner rant about the stupid hat until a name catches my attention. "Malfoy, Draco." Now this is interesting. I mean sure, he's still a prick and still seems quite Slytherin, but it does take courage to stand up against everything that your family believes in, and then help the opposing side of a war, knowing how many people would want to kill you. I find myself leaning forward a bit. He's been sitting there for over a minute now. I can almost hear a clock ticking. And then it happens. "SLYTHERIN!" Double fuck. I was expecting it, but the fact that I officially have to share a common room with the "Slytherin Prince" is already giving me a headache. I watch as he saunters over to the table, then I direct my attention to the plate in front of me. I wait until I hear Harry's name, then look up. I'm already fairly sure where he'll be put, so I'm not surprised at all when I hear "GRYFFINDOR!" Great, so far I'm the only one of my eighth year friends to be put in Slytherin. Dean and his boyfriend Seamus had both been put back into Gryffindor as well. Luna, it turns out, has been put in Slytherin with me. I hadn't realized it, but she had sat down in across from me about five minutes ago. At this point I've begun pinching my hand again. Hard. I'm sure it'll leave a mark. I don't really understand why I'm doing it, I just know the pain seems to be helping me for some reason. I start staring at my plate again, waiting for the Weasley's to be called. About ten minutes later, Ginny is called up. Honestly, I'll be surprised if she's put anywhere but Gryffindor. She's always been one of the bravest and strongest people I know. Unlike me. People think I'm some amazing war hero, when really I'm a weak, sorry excuse for a human being. I'm pulled out of my thoughts by a shout that shook me to my core. "SLYTHERIN!" Holy shit. Did that actually just happen? She walks slowly towards me, rather pale but otherwise emotionless. She takes a seat beside me, and even though she doesn't say anything, the way she leans against me tells me she needs support. "Weasley, Ronald." I watch Ron walk confidently towards the sorting hat. I don't even bother to try and figure out which House he'll be put in. Since I broke up with him just days after the war ended, we haven't spent much time together. We tried to remain friends, for Harry's sake mostly, but it just seemed to strain things more. After the battle, he changed. He barely let me leave the house alone, and when we went to the celebratory parties, he'd spend almost the whole time with a tight grip on my wrist. At first I thought it was just paranoia from the war, until we got into a fight about it. "I don't want you running off with some other guy! I've seen you eyeing men in the streets!" Just that sentence had made me want to run from the room. I had never eyed anyone, and the thought of leaving Ron had never crossed my mind. The argument got more and more heated, until Ron suddenly raised his hand, as if to hit me. He stopped though, and muttered that I was "to weak to take a hit." That was it for me. I yelled that we were over, and then fled from the room. He had apologized eventually, and that's when we agreed to try and remain friends, but I haven't trusted him since. The Sorting Hat yells "GRYFFINDOR!" I roll my eyes. Of course he's the one