Hi everyone this is my first fanfic of the hunger games so i really hope you enjoy. all you need to know is that its based 16 or so years after the rebellion and katniss and peeta have 2 children. Willow (age 15) and River (age 5). (some extra info. finnick never died in mockingjay in my fanfic) they are all living in district 12 in the victors village and Katniss and Peeta's are in their mid 30's. hope you enjoy. i know its a really long chapter but i prefer long chapters but is you want me to write shorter ones just let me know. i will be posting at least once a week and all constructive criticism welcome. Please review! Willows POV i woke up early today so i could look my best for the first day back at school after the summer break. i hate school. i really do. i think its completely pointless and there is no point in going to a building where people we don't know tell us things that we will never need in life! my mom is always telling me to suck it up and that i will get to leave soon enough if i get the grades. emphasis on the word 'if'! My mom there are so many things i can say about my mom. she's loving and caring and an all round good mom but there is something that she has never told me. i know this because every time i mention something about history of Panem she flips out and has to leave the room. My dad tries to reassure me that it just brings up bad memories for her but they will never tell me why. honestly i'm kindov over it. they keep enough secrets from me already. i don't care. i sweep my hair to the side and do it in my usual side braid but instead of it being a mess as usual i try to make it perfect. i'm going to be a junior at my school. no more stupid freshman or softmore days where everyone who is older looks down on me. il admit everyone knows my name, i am what you would call the 'IT' girl in my year. everyone loves me and wants to be my friend. i plaster on a fake smile and act friendly to everyone. I will be the Willow Primrose Mellark that everyone knows and loves. Katniss POV "Willow are you up yet?" i called on my daughter. i still cant get over saying that. My daughter. it almost sounds unreal but its true. "yeh mum i'l be down in a minute!" unfortunately my daughter Willow has my very stubborn ways. she's just like me which can be a good thing or a bad thing. however she doesn't look like me. at all. she has her fathers blonde hair which falls to just above her hips. not that you would ever know because she always braids it like i do. and she also has her fathers gorgeous blue eyes. honestly thats what i wanted. but every time i look at willow i can only think of my little sister. willow has a lot of my facial features so along with her blonde hair looks exactly like prim did. i still cant get over the fact that my little duck is gone. she was too young, to gentle. just like rue. but i swore to myself that day and for every day after that, that my children would never ever go through such horrors in the world. i became the mockingjay because i wanted the children of the future to know nothing of this. thats why i have never told willow or little River. and there i nothing i want more than to believe that they will never find out. but i think we all know thats not true. I slowly walk down the stairs to the kitchen, where i already know peeta will be making cheese buns. my favourite. I came to the realisation 16 years ago when peeta and i got married that it was him, its always been him. he was always the one who loved me through everything and no matter what he always will. just as i always will. "morning" i walk over to him and give him a quick peck on the cheek and smile. he can obviously see through my smile. can see the worry and panic in my eyes, just as the start of every school year when once again i'm terrified that willow will find out about the games and about what peeta and i did. "morning gorgeous!" he says and smiles in return "don't worry its gonna be ok." he says reassuringly as he strokes my cheek. we are interrupted by willow stomping down the stairs and dumping her bag and the bottom. she trudges over and plonks herself on one of the stools at the table. he looks at the both of us. "whats with the weird looks?" she asks with half a cheese bun in her mouth. peeta chuckles and looks at me, "just like her mother." he comments and i cant help but chuckle as i pick up a cheese bun and stuff it in my mouth. at that moment the phone rings, i quickly make my way to the corner of the kitchen and pick up the phone on the wall. "hello" i say politely "hey there sweetheart!" says the biggest man in my life, apart from peeta of course. haymitch "just calling to talk to my favourite little girl!" "oh haymitch i'm flattered" i say coldly. i know for a fact that he isn't calling to talk to me. he wants to speak to willow. haymitch thinks of willow as a granddaughter in one way or another, she thinks of him in the same way. they have a bond that i had with my father and i love that. "yeah, yeah love you too sweetheart! not stick my other favourite girl on the phone!" he says sarcastically. willow comes round the corner immediately her face brightens as i hold out the phone to her. she rushes over and quickly takes it from me. "hey you big old drunk!" she says sarcastically and i can hear haymitch chuckle at the other end of the phone. i roll my eyes and walk through to the living room where little river is. my son river, he's only 5 but i can tell he's going to be just like peeta. he's the exact opposite of his sister. he looks like me, with the grey eyes and the dark hair but he has peeta's personality. he is loving and caring and patient. everything that his sister and i are not. its quite funny. "hey there river what you up to?" i ask him sweetly "nothing mommy... do i have to go to school?" i chuckle. on the other hand he does hate school like his sister. i love it when he calls me mommy. willow hasn't called me mommy in years. we had a fight when she was 10, she was very mature for her age, she knew i was hiding something from her and she kept questioning me. it was a really bad time. after that fight she hasn't called me mommy since... "yes baby... but your starting a new year isn't that a good thing?" i ask trying to brighten his spirits "no. i just want to stay home with you" i chuckle again. he is so sweet. "right come on" i say and pick him up "lets go drop off your sister at school." and we wander back through to the kitchen. Willows POV I laugh again and again. i love haymitch to pieces. he's like a different father to me, he understands me in a way that my parents don't. we have a unbreakable bond that makes me smile whenever i'm around him. "willow we have to go!" my dad calls from the hall " ok i'm coming" i shout back. "sounds like someone has to go to their torture zone... oh i mean school... il catch you later kido!" says haymitch "yeah yeah bye haymitch don't drink too much" i say before i hang up my phone and walk to the front door. We pull up to the school, and right before i hop out my mom turns to me. "ok willow, have fun, make friends, love you" she smiles and i smile back. my mum is a pain in the ass but i love her. "i will" i get out and close the door of my parents porsche. i can already see people looking at me as i turn around and walk up to the school. my family is probably the richest family in district 12 some people are apparently looking in the trash for food and my parents just dropped me off in a porsche. i really hate the looks i get sometimes. the looks of envy, hatred, jealousy and some even death glares, not all the looks are bad though some of the guys i can already tell are checking me out. i'm not going to deny it, i'm pretty, its a fact and i may sound like come self centered idiot but its true. i don't like the attention though id rather just stick with my group of friends and be one of the normal kids in school. Like the start of every year i walk to the front office with my bag over my shoulder and go up to the receptionist. i hate her. she knows my parents and she acts like she knows me too its such a pain. "ah willow dear! good to see you here is your schedule, locker and school ID for this year." she smiles "thank you mrs. hawthorne" i thank her and as i'm about to turn away she calls. "oh willow iv known your mother since she was a baby! you can call me hazel." she calls and i turn around again and put on my best fake smile "thanks hazel. i'l see you later" i turn back around and roll my eyes, and with that i walk away to go and find my locker. I walk down the east hall looking for my locker. "Willow! Wait up!" i hear my name and turn around to see my best friend since i was 6, Alexa Jordan Meiner. She's a bit taller than me with dirty blonde hair that is curly and is just below her shoulders. her eyes are light brown. and she has to be the person with the biggest mouth on the planet i know. i love her and i trust her, i just don't trust her with secrets, the world would know by the next day if i did. i do love that she speaks her mind though. if she hates you, he will say. if your hair is a mess that day, she will say. i love her though no matter how inappropriate she is. "hey! you excited for another year of torture!" i ask in a very fake and cheery manor. "yeh i'm practically exploding with excitement!" she says in the same tone. we chuckle. her locker is always next to mine because it goes in alphabetical order by last name. and because she is Meiner and i'm Mellark we've been next to each other since the start of middle school. With Alexa being on my left iv always had the same person on my right... since the start of middle school...and i hate him... with a passion! Dominic Middleton! "hey Mellark!" he asks me casually with a big smirk on his face. i want to slap that pretty little face of his. he annoys me so much for reasons that i cant even begin to describe! "long time no see! unless you saw me in your dreams" he winks at me and i feel like i'm