Prologue: Finnick Odair doesn't get to see Annie Cresta die. He's at an appointment. There were three tributes left. He hadn't wanted to leave. But there was no way he was saying 'no'. Not with Annie's life in Snow's hands. So he went. The woman's phone rings halfway through, and Finnick pretends to listen while she apologizes, while she tells him that this could be important , and one must always check their phone because the styles are constantly changing. He leans back on her too-soft bed and closes his eyes and reminds himself that she's rich and he's just drunk enough to get through it and that he can beg for sponsors as soon as she's done and maybe it will help Annie get home. Then the woman squeals. "Oh, a tribute just died. Cissy says it was one of the scariest deaths she's ever seen. A shark! Can you believe that? I'm so glad I wasn't watching. I hate blood-" "Who died?" asks Finnick. The woman shrinks back at his tone, but Finnick sits up and clenches his fists in her pink down comforter and demands, " Who died?" "T-the girl from your district," says the woman. "I don't know her name…" Finnick snatches his clothes off the floor and leaves without a word. It occurs to him that he still has people who could get punished for this- Mags and his mother and maybe even Annie's family- but the thought doesn't register. He can't stay with this hideous Capitol woman any longer. Finnick does not cry. He does not even think. He goes directly to a bar. The first one he can find. He's never been one for straight alcohol- it was always fruity drinks that made Haymitch laugh at him- but he goes for the strongest they have and drinks until his vision starts to blur and he can almostforget why he's there in the first place. The knowledge that Annie is dead hangs on the edge of his brain and he realizes that he'll make himself suffer through the replays eventually, but for now all he can think is that he's not quite drunk enough. He demands more and is about to down another gulp of whatever's in his glass when a hand on his arm stops him. "It won't make it go away." Haymitch Abernathy snatches the umpteenth glass from Finnick's hands. Finnick stares at him. Stares at the glass. Then he breaks down sobbing. It takes a long time for the pair to get to the Training Center. Longer for a completely drunk man and another relatively drunk man to remember how the elevator works. They get the wrong floor twice. Finnick doesn't quit crying the entire time. Sobbing. Screaming. Wishing he were dead. Finally they get to District Four's level, and when the doors open and Finnick sees Mags sitting on the couch with her head in her hands, he manages a single sentence before he passes out. "You should've let me die in the arena." … Ch.1 He's wearing a suit that's slightly too tight and the hot weather has him almost roasting. Complaining wouldn't have done him good because all of his clothes are too tight. They've been tailored that way, to show off a body he's long since wished he didn't have. Oh well. If all goes well, maybe he'll be able to get some new clothes. Married men don't have as much cause to look nice. He won't need to attract women anymore. All he'll have to do is convince Snow to let him purchase his very own teenage girl, and his wardrobe problem will be entirely solved. This sounds like a terrible joke, Finnick thinks. 'The prostitute walks up to his pimp. "Hey, I've got an hankering to settle down. You know that sixteen-year-old girl you're planning on whoring out soon? Yeah, well, I want to marry her. I'll even pay you.'" Finnick takes a rattling breath. It's better than the alternative. Or at least that's what he's been telling himself since Haymitch cornered him in District Four's apartments the day before. "Katniss got a lot of attention when she buried that little girl with flowers. A hell of a lot more when she refused to kill that Career, and he let her win anyway," Haymitch said without introduction. "So?" "So you know about the uprising in Eleven, and there's talk of more coming in Six and Eight." " I've heard." " You also know Snow's plans for Katniss. Johanna was saying her first night is planned to go for higher than yours." Finnick didn't look up. Katniss had impressed him, sure, but there was nothing he could do to help her. Dwelling on how sick her situation was wasn't good for his state of mind. Not when he had an appointment in two hours and wasn't keen on being reminded that a sixteen-year-old girl would be dreading the exact same thing very, very soon. "You know there's nothing we can do." "If she turns into another Capitol sex-symbol, everything that she's done for the rebellion so far will go to waste." Finnick opened his mouth, but Haymitch cut him off, going on, "And don't you dare tell me that I won't be able to stop this from happening. I came up with an idea yesterday, and in my opinion, it's a damned good one." Which is when Haymitch informed Finnick that he could save Katniss from prostitution. By convincing Snow to sell her to him. As his wife. Finnick thought it was sick. He'd been asked to buy her against her will, just like he'd been bought so many dozens of times since he was her age. The only thing that convinced him to agree to Haymitch's idea was the memory of watching Katniss Everdeen clean out her district partner's wound in the river. She hadn't been able to look when he took off his shorts because she was so damn pure and innocent. Finnick knew that no matter how terrible stealing her future and forcing her into marrying him was, at least he would never do anything with her. She'd stay innocent as far as he was concerned. So Finnick decided to go along with the whole crazy idea and that's how he winds up in President Snow's waiting room, twiddling his thumbs and ignoring the leering secretary and wondering how he's ever going to convince Snow to let this happen in the first place. Before he can think on it too much, the thick wooden door to Snow's office opens and the secretary nods to whatever politician was visiting the president. Her eyes then return to Finnick. "The President can see you now, Mister Odair." Some combination of natural flirtatiousness and ingrained habit prompts Finnick to smile as he ambles past the secretary's desk. His Capitol purr might as well have become his real voice, and it's without thinking that he uses it to say, "How unfortunate. I adore Snow, but I was having such a great time looking at you." He turns so that he continues to face the secretary as he backs into Snow's office, "You're positively stunning." The woman puts her hand over her mouth and blushes, and Finnick exhales as he shuts the door behind him. Maybe they'll stop blushing once he's married. Maybe there's a better chance of a snowman thriving in hell. A cough from behind him reminds Finnick of his current location, and the victor swivels around so that he's facing Snow. The president is smiling. Of course he is. The bastard is always smiling. "Nice secretary you've got there," says Finnick conversationally. "She seemed fond of me." "Of course she's fond of you. I sold her to you for a lucrative amount of money several years ago." Finnick doesn't remember. "Must've forgot." The words come easy, like he doesn't give a shit that he didn't recognize a thing about a woman he apparently slept with. "It gets hard to keep track after a while." There's a pause before Finnick goes on. "Funnily enough, that's what I'm here to talk to you about." "You'll have to be more specific," says Snow cautiously. "I mean, I'm kind of getting tired of one-night stands and screwing around with too many girls to count." His tone of voice is still light. Friendly. Like this is a conversation between close acquaintances. "I want to settle down." Snow is not amused. "Dear Finnick, have you forgotten what happened to the last girl you wished to 'settle down' with?" Finnick flinches outright, and he fists his hands in the material of his suit jacket to tether him to reality. He can't have one of his breakdowns. Not in front Snow. He grits his teeth and forces himself to listen as the president continues. "I am rather disappointed that my spies did not pick up on this new interest, but-" "I haven't met her yet," Finnick cuts in quickly. His voice is shaky with the memory of Annie and run through with pain, and he has to take a moment to compose himself. Even the mention of her, of what he did to her, sends him back light years mentally, and Finnick closes his eyes and takes several deep breaths before he finds himself able to continue. "I don't love this girl." He feels like he's going to be sick. "I want her. I want to buy her." "How… interesting. I would have thought that you, of all people, would disprove of using such methods to gain yourself a night of enjoyment... Although you don't want her for only one night, do you?" He frowns. "You wish to 'settle down'." "Of course," says Finnick. "So this girl… you would be paying to take her as your wife." "If you will be so kind as to allow it." "That all depends," Snow says, still speaking hesitantly. "Who is it that you wish to buy from me?" Finnick looks him right in the eye. "I want the Girl on Fire." "No." The reply is too instant and too forceful to be entirely uninterested. If the idea was truly ludicrous to Snow, Finnick knows that the older man would have laughed in his face. Instead, his answer is just quick enough that Finnick knows there's something about the idea that appeals to the president. Something that has him interested enough to be slightly uncomfortable. "No?" asks Finnick harmlessly. "I don't see why you would have a problem with it. A Capitol wedding between two popular victors would bring in a ludicrous amount of revenue. Katniss would be more valuable as my wife than as a prostitute, and you know it." "I don't see where you would get such a ridiculous idea." "Don't you? Katniss's prices are high now because Capitol men think her morality is refreshing." Finnick looks Snow in the eye, his expression still friendly. "That morality will be entirely gone before her first weekend is up." "They'll still pay for her fire." "Enough to justify forgoing a wedding that will make millions?" asks Finnick. "And think beyond the wedding. There will be magazine articles, books, perhaps even movies. It will be a marketing dream." Snow narrows his eyes. "We both know that it's not just the money I want." "I realize that you enjoy exercising control over victors," Finnick ventures cautiously. Snow does not deny it. "However, Katniss won't be submitting to this marriage willingly. Like I said, I haven't even spoken to her yet." "Then why are you so interested in her?" Finnick swallows. His hands are still clutching his suit jacket, and the fingers clench together more tightly as he prepares to mention her , the knuckles turning white and the fabric bunching awkwardly together. Focus . "She reminds me of Annie," says Finnick, and the name feels like acid on his tongue. "It's wrong, but… I can't get the resemblance out of my head. I know you didn't approve of my previous