Bella Pov OMG! I freaking love popcorn with butter and M&M's ! I don't know why Alice and Rosalie think its gross I mean come on why would it be gross? Who doesn't like sweet , salty and creamy? Anyways let me tell you why im eating this VERY healthy snack oh and a little bit about me too. First my name is Isabella Marie Swan and well let put it this way im really boring. I haven't had a boyfriend since high school nor have I had sex since then, I don't masturbate it makes me feel weird , Its not enough for me...Anyway Im about 5'2 with boring brown hair that goes all the way past my butt and to match my boring brown hair is my boring brown eyes . I have a heart-ish shaped face and natural pink full lips. I like my lips the most because they actually look ok I mean I know they belong on someone else but since I have them I appreciate them . I have average breasts and a small frame no butt what so ever. Oh and not a curve on my body. Most people think I could be a great Liberian because of my long hair and the fact that Im blind and wear giant new style glasses. I love my look witch consists of long pencil skirts that aren't tight, shirts the don't cling to me and a light sweater. You guessed it I AM a Liberian. I have this interview that I want to go on but I have seen the people in that office mainly the women and I don't want to wear any of that tight stuff. I mean yeah I have the money to buy overpriced stuff but im not going to. Oh did I mention I have over 35 million dollars well I don't like money that much so I don't shop at fancy stores I shop like a regular person . I don't need to work but I choose too. I probably sound really weird like im telling you this stuff in such a weird order but well im social awkward so sometimes I tell people a little to much by whatever. Oh and I forgot to mention that my two best friends hate almost everything I wear and want to give me a makeover well im not sure if that is a good Idea because I hate what they try to get me in I know I will look like crap in it so why bother? But for charismas since my best friends have everything they want or need I decide to give them each coupons for me. They each got one basically telling them that they could each give me one makeover and they have free reign over me and my wardrobe. I knew it would make them happy and I was drunk when I decide to do it . Alice got a little to excited and ripped her paper in half so her coupon was considered invalid! I was almost to happy but Rosalie put her coupon in he safe and said she would save it for the perfect day. Well a year and half later today is the day. They have been trying to set me up with Alice's brother Ed something but he keeps saying no and so do I. so Rosalie rushed home one day and comes back with an evil gleam in her eyes and shoes me the coupon and I think I was as white as a sheet because Alice tried to get the ticket but Rosalie told he to back of considering what happened with Alice's. So now as I eat me amazing popcorn snack the girls are emptying out my closet and bringing in my work clothes. I haven't see them but I know ill hate them but I cant change that so whatever. "Bella" Alice says as she grabs the bowl out of my hands. "Alice stop I wasn't done " I knew that really wouldn't help but I tried anyway. "Bella we are going so if I have to carry you out of this house screaming and yelling then you be damned I will." And I got up very fast and got to the car. The girls laughed but Alice is a very hard person to be reckoned with. We drive to the first stop which is the mall that is very expensive that Alice and Rosalie shop at .After hours of fighting over shirts ,shoes, heels, pants, skirts, and everything else you can think of we had over what looked like thirty bags. We even left Victoria Secret with ten bags of barely there underwear and stuff. I say Victoria doesn't have a secret because she puts all her stuff out oh those posters. The girls laugh but its true those girls are almost naked. We were now on the way to the beatuty salon and some makeup store. "Welcome to The Beauty Stop . How May we help you?" A blonde women asked with fake happiness, said to us upon entering the store. She reminded me of ...Barbie ? Yeha he hair wasn't really blonde you could tell because her roots were reddish brown, he boobs were like a size forty something and her lips , nose ,and cheeks looked very placed. She looked perfect as Barbie does. This is probably the girl the Ed whatever his name is into. Im not jealous I know im a Plain Jane . "Hi Im here for an appointment with Esme. " Alice told the blonde . "Well first its not Esme Its and is it just one appointment because all three of you could use one , especial four eyes here." She sneered at us. She looked nice but that was just rude! Before Alice or Rosalie could do anything I decide to speak up. "You look here you fake bimbo , I didn't come her to be insulted , none of us did, so I believe you should take a goo look at you attitude and fix it before I have to fix it for you. You are going to apologize to all of us and then you are going to go in the back and call ESME out here an you are going to then leave all of us alone. Understood?" I looked her in the eyes as I said each word , I almost never speak up but I didn't really like this girl and how she decide to speak to us. She looked kinda scared but then she just looked at me and rolled her eyes. "Look here four eyes you will show me and MY salon some respect now why don't you go and take you two ugly friends with you and don't step foot in my salon again you bitch and there isn't a make over that could make you look any better because you are a ugly whore! Wait the with the way you look you cant be a whore because im so no guy would touch you with a -" And before she could finish her statement some asked her a question in deadly cold voice... "With a what Tanya? Do share with us? What would no guy touch Isabella with?" Esme! I love her so much she is like my second mom well she kind a is my second mom. I forgot to tell you how I became a multi-millionaire. My parent had hit the jackpot with something that they made and it turned out to be a big hit they had millions of millions of dollars and all of the money went to me when they died. Well my mom and Esme were best friends and when my parents died in a car accident , Esme and her husband took me in. They already had Emmett , Edward, and Alice but they moved me into Edwards old room. I never met Edward because he was in boarding school along with Emmett and didn't have a chance to come back. When I went to college I met Rosalie and her brother Jasper and we all have been friends. Emmett and Alice and Edward are my siblings. But when Rosalie and Jaspers parents hit hard times Esme brought them in too. I love Esme and my brothers and sisters :) "Oh hey Esme. I was just putting these girls in place they came in MY salon and was causing a problem but I believe they will be leaving." The bitch just smirked at me. "First of all Tanya this is MY salon and second those are My daughters so I best believe it is you who will be leaving and don't come back either." Esme looked pissed "WHAT" She screamed like a banshee." Esme Your such a bitch! Fuck you , Don't come crying to me when everyone leave they come because im here!" She is the bitch and im about the beat her DOWN! "FUCK YOU!" I screamed and lunged for her and slapped the shit out of her face , NO one calls Esme a bitch that is my mother! "HAVE SOME FUCKING RESPECT!" With that I was pulled off of her and she was escorted out. "Hi girls what brings you in?" Esme asked and a chorus of hey mom's rang from us . "Oh nothing just here for a make over " I answered and with that Esme let out a shrill cry of happiness and let me to a chair after about two and a half ours we were done. We headed to Lense Creaftes to pick up my contacts and went to the makeup store and after that we went back to my house to get ready for my date. I showered and the girls worked on me . About four hours later I was ready for my date. They picked a dress and shoes that I would never wear nor look good in but I had to put on whatever they picked out for me When it was time to look at myself I looked in the mirror and was shocked ! My normal boring long brown hair was now amazingly soft and just going past my shoulders. My boring brown eyes that were normally covered with glasses were no longer covered in glasses. And my eyes didn't look that boring . I didn't have on much makeup the girls did a more naturally look. My body looked like it had curves and I have to say I looked amazing. I use to look like a geek and now I look so chic. I cried and thanked the girls and I was off on my way to the local bar to meet Edward Anthony Masen. I am ready for this date! Edwards Pov Its been a while since I broke up with Tanya I mean that shit wasn't cool! Who does she think I am ? Stupid? She always was coming by smelling like a man and the smell was woodsy yet something like a baby. I knew it wasn't my smell. But I broke it off with her she was only with me because of my at a bank leaves me with a very big bank account and can give me the finer things in life. Cool Cars, Big house, Designer clothes, and anything else that I love or want. But have millions of dollars means nothing to me. I don't really care about my money its great and all but I give it to others who really need it. I have been raised as well as everyone else in my family (Ali,Rosie,Bella,Em,and Jazz) Well we all were told to give and not receive. I love my family my parents and sisters and brothers are the most important people in my life. So right now Im getting ready for my date with a girl named Bella I think. I wasn't given much about