Thank you angelnlove52 for beta'ing this story! You are awesome :) And to Moonstruck Kitten for the work you did while I was still trying to figure out which direction to go. You both are the best beta's a girl could ask for. Hope you all like my changes :) No copyright infringement intended. CHAPTER 1 Monday, September 13 th , 2010 ~ The club was loud, the music blaring, a perfect place to forget everything going on in the world and just get lost in the lyrics. Swirls of cigarette smoke, mixed with random scents of perfume and cologne, rose to the black ceiling. It was dark, the type of shadow that enticed sin. It was the perfect place for me to celebrate my birthday. I was sitting in the crowded nightclub, surrounded by loud, drunk people, sipping a drink and completely freaking the fuck out. Tonight was supposed to be special—should have been special—but then he called, saying he had something important to tell me. I had been really looking forward to the night, to seeing him, until the phone call, now I was a bit nervous. Things hadn't ended well the last time we were together. We've talked since then, worked through our issues, but there were still some unresolved issues that lingered. I'd more than patiently waited our allotted time for him to get his shit together and man up to his promises. Four fucking years I waited for his lazy ass to shit or get off the pot only to be drug around and hidden in the recesses of Las Vegas while he stayed at home with his perfect life to surround him. I was tired of being the one being left. I was tired of waking up to a cold bed and falling asleep cuddling a pillow in his place. I wanted more—I needed more but felt as though he were unobtainable. Would it always be this way? Was that why he called? How much longer was he going to make me wait? How many more times was he going to leave me to go back to a loveless marriage? Maybe it's all a lie? Maybe he shared a happy life with his wife. Maybe they really had sex every night and he had a family with kids and a dog up there. Maybe this was important because he wanted to break things off with me to create a family with her . The thought alone caused me to vomit in my mouth and break out in a cold sweat. That couldn't be the reason. He loved me—he had to. He always made me feel I was his first priority. I never felt unloved unless it was time for him to leave. I had to get my head back in the game. I couldn't let this effect me either way. I had people that counted on me. I had to pull myself together. No matter what he had to say tonight, I couldn't let it ruin me. Something caught my attention, drawing my gaze away from the ice swirling around in my drink. Mmm, I thought, tucking my hair behind my ear. Licking my lips, I eyed the drop-dead gorgeous man who had just walked in the door. He looked delicious. His eyes met mine and he smirked, striding toward me with an air of confidence around him. The way his shirt clung to his body had my stomach fluttering. The light bounced off his bronze hair, causing a halo effect in this sea of sin. Since he was tall than most, he was easy to spot and follow, and man was he an amazing sight to see. Happy birthday to me! I thought briefly, before chastising myself for letting him have that much power over me. "No, it can't be," he stated, grinning down at me when he came to a stop. "My Bella isn't old enough to drink …." I chuckled lightly, shaking my head as I stood to greet him. "Sorry, babe … I am." He wrapped his arms around me, pulling me firmly against him. "Mmm," he hummed into my hair. "Happy birthday, my Bella." "Thank you—" "What can I get for you tonight, sir?" the bartender interrupted. Edward let go of me, and stepped forward to give the bartender our order. "A Jack n' Coke, two shots of tequila, and whatever the lady wants," he supplied, smiling flirtatiously at me as he leaned against the sticky bar. Damn, he looks hot, I thought, staring at the fine specimen of a man standing before me. I couldn't help where my brain went when Edward was around, and it didn't help that he was standing there in a gray—Armani, I'm sure—t-shirt that hugged his sexy chest just right … and the jeans—again, Armani, as that's all he wears … yes, he looked positively yummy. "Smirnoff Ice," I supplied politely, turning to face the bartender—snapping out of my ogling. I had finished my last drink upon his entrance, and I desperately needed another. Just looking at him had me hot and bothered and in desperate need of … something—anything. "So has it been a good birthday so far?" Edward asked when the bartender turned to walk away. "Yeah, not bad," I answered, turning around to find myself boxed between the bar and Edward. My heart stuttered a bit, and then Edward stepped forward, bringing himself even closer. "God, I've missed you," he whispered in my ear, sending shivers down my spine. "I've missed you, too," I breathed quietly, letting myself melt into him. "You're here until Sunday?" I was trying not to sound desperate, not so sure it worked. He nodded just as the bartender walked up. "Sixteen fifty," she stated with a smile. "Keep the change." Edward handed her a twenty and me a shot of tequila. Edward grinned, tapping his glass against mine. "Happy birthday, Bella." "Thank you," I whispered, bringing the shot to my lips just as Edward did. We quickly downed our shots, and then I felt Edward's lips softly against mine. I couldn't help the contented sigh that escaped me, or the involuntary step forward I made. Edward and I had been together for the past four years. He technically lived in Boston, while I resided in Las Vegas, but that was only the beginning of our very complicated relationship. My mind quickly flashed back to the first time I saw him, the first time I heard his voice, the way it sent shivers down my spine— "Wanna dance?" he asked, bringing me back from my thoughts. "Huh?" I asked, shaking my head a bit. "Dance?" He laughed. "You know that thing we've done a million times before. I hold you close to my body—" "Another shot?" I asked, clearly stalling. I knew if I kept drinking the way I was, we'd never get any talking done; that desperately needed to happen, but I just couldn't seem to stop. Edward looked at me curiously before nodding and saying, "Another shot." He quickly called the bartender over and ordered four more. "Four?" I asked. He just grinned at me, nodding. I shrugged, and my inner voice screamed at me to abort. I didn't listen. After we slammed our shots, he led me to the dance floor. Pulling me flush against him, the song "Life After You," by Daughtrycame on, and I couldn't help but notice the stutter in Edward's breath. We slowly began moving to the music, and it wasn't long before he started singing parts of the song in my ear. "All that I'm after is a life full of laughter," Edward whispered, making my breath catch slightly, and Edward's hold tightened immensely. "As long as I'm laughin' with you." Tears were quickly filling my eyes at this point, but I was doing my best to hold them back. "I'm thinkin' that all that still matters is love ever after," he continued singing. "After the life we've been through, 'cause I know there's no life after you." Edward lightly started sucking on the place just below my ear—the one that made me go weak every time. It was also severely messing with my resolve. I knew I shouldn't have been letting it happen, at least not like that, but I just couldn't bring myself to stop it. I knew we still had so much to discuss, but the alcohol was seriously messing with my ability to resist him. "The last time we talked, the night that I walked," Edward went on to sing, the words bringing back not so great memories of the last time we were together. "Burns like an iron in the back of my mind." I exhaled a shaky breath, my heart pounding fiercely in my chest. "I must have been high to say you and I weren't meant to be and just wasting my time." Edward squeezed me tighter, and went on with the song. "Oh, why did I ever doubt you? You know I would die here without you." And despite it all, I knew that statement was true. I hummed in contentment, shivering slightly when he started paying homage to my neck. His lips were nipping and sucking, while his tongue would peek out occasionally to grab a taste. "Do you wanna get out of here?" he asked softly, his lips lightly brushing against my neck. I bit my lip, nodding in agreement. Are you stupid? The little voice in my head screamed. Once again, I didn't listen. We made our way back to Edward's hotel, where he asked if I wanted to stop at the bar for a nightcap. Stupidly, I agreed. Edward and I had been to the Rojo Lounge at the Palms before; it was a great bar to end the evening. The bar was highly sophisticated, full of sleek black and silver detailing and riddled with mirrors. There was light music playing all around us, but nothing overly loud ... the atmosphere was actually rather calming, which was why, three shots and a drink later, we finally made our way up to Edward's room. How I could have been so stupid was very much beyond me, but there I was nonetheless. It just goes to show I had no self-control where Edward was concerned. The last time he left, I swore to myself I wouldn't let this happen. I wasn't just going to fall back into bed with him. I had more self-respect now than I used to and I couldn't let him walk all over me anymore. I needed more from him than a weekend here and a few days there. I needed full time. I needed him . The moment the door closed behind us, he had me pushed against it, and it took him all of two seconds to crash his lips against mine, kissing me hungrily while his hands found their way to my breast. I whimpered, reveling in the way his hands felt, but before I could come to enjoy it too much, he pulled them away. I whined out my protest into his mouth, but it was quickly replaced with a moan when he brought his hands down my sides, quickly spreading his fingers out over the back of my thighs and yanking me up against him. My breath stuttered at the sudden feel of his erection pressing against my heated core, and my kisses quickly became rough and wanton as he continued to kiss, lick, and suck at my lips. I instantly opened my mouth to him, and I swear I heard a groan from him once I did. His tongue thrust past my lips and started exploring my mouth ruthlessly; there was a slight fight for domination, but he always won in the end. Breaking the fevered kiss, he moved his mouth down my chin as I struggled to catch my breath. I was a panting mess—the alcohol definitely contributing to that fact—as his lips grazed down my throat.