Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. This is a collaborative story by LovinRob and amandac3 for The Bad Boys of Twilight Contest Story Summary: Edward was a member of the best crew in the business. Led by his brother, Carlisle Cullen, they had robbed eight banks in only five years. No one could catch them. But what happens when a beautiful bank manager named Bella puts a kink in their well-oiled machine? Will they finally meet their demise or live to plan another heist? The C-Note Crew Carlisle paced back and forth, his anger escalating with every passing glance he made at Edward. He'd assigned him a simple task and that was to get cozy with the bank manager so they could get into the vault with ease. With his exceptional good looks, Edward was generally the best equipped for a task such as this. Carlisle eyed him again. He was smoking a cigarette as he leaned against the wall. He was looking down and had a frown on his face. He had just informed the crew that he was getting closer to obtaining the information they needed but wasn't there quite yet. Closer was not what Carlisle wanted nor expected to hear. "Maybe I need to send someone else," Carlisle mused, tapping his chin in mock contemplation. This got Edward's attention and he stood up. "No fucking way!" "Closer," Carlisle seethed. "That's what you've given me. Hell, I could have sent Emmett in and he would have given me more than you have." Esme chuckled as Emmett crossed his large bulky arms and narrowed his eyes. Emmett hated when he did this. Carlisle was not one for failure and when he was upset he made everyone pay for it. He demanded that his crew be perfect in every sense of the word. In fact, each member of their team had been specially assembled because of what they brought to the table. Emmett knew his job was that of an enforcer. He had been an up and coming UFC fighter when Carlisle found him. His brawn frightened people and he used it to his advantage. Edward was used primarily for his charm and good looks. He made the perfect front man and there wasn't a safe he couldn't crack, but he and Carlisle were always at odds. Of course, that probably had more to do with the fact that they were brothers than anything else. Edward, being the younger of the two, had a tendency to push Carlisle's buttons which caused a lot of unnecessary conflict. Emmett glanced at Jasper, who was flipping through a trade magazine. He had his long legs crossed and was ignoring the drama ensuing around him. He was the most recent addition to the crew. He used to race cars in Texas which was where they picked him up. He served as their car expert and he had no qualms with doing anything Carlisle asked of him. He was quiet and rarely spoke, but when he did it was in a sweet southern drawl. Then, of course, there was Carlisle. He was the brains of the operation. His mind could work in every direction possible. They robbed eight banks over the course of five years. The feds started referring to them as the C-Note Crew after their second robbery because a security guard told them, "they only took the hundreds, nothing else." The bottom line was, thanks to Carlisle's brilliance, the feds couldn't catch them. He had every heist mapped out to the finest detail. Esme was the only woman in the crew and she'd been with Carlisle from the beginning. Her sole purpose was to keep Carlisle in check. She was usually the only one who could calm him down when he got like he was right now. Carlisle stopped and stepped towards Edward, bringing the men face to face. Edward tried to maintain his defiant posture but was faltering slightly under Carlisle's penetrating gaze. He knew his brother was angry but Bella has been more difficult than he anticipated. She initially seemed like an easy mark but was now putting on the brakes. Carlisle softened his expression just slightly and gave Edward a smirk. Edward sighed; this was not a good sign. "I think I'm going to send in Jasper. Perhaps she'll be more receptive to his 'southern charms' than yours," Carlisle said, smiling as Edward's face dropped. "What the fuck!" Emmett hollered and started walking towards Carlisle and Edward. He glanced at Jasper and frowned at the grin on his face. "What the hell are you talking about, Carlisle?" Emmett huffed. Carlisle raised his hand to stop Emmett's forward progression and continued to stare at Edward, who looked upset. He was now peering over Carlisle's shoulder towards Jasper and it was then that Carlisle knew it was just as he suspected. His brother was falling for this girl. Edward was generally really good at keeping his feelings separate from business but based on the lethal expression he was currently shooting in Jasper's direction, he knew the mark had the upper hand. "Do you have a problem with that?" Carlisle asked calmly. Too calmly. "I do," Emmett yelled before Edward could say anything. Carlisle shot Emmett a disapproving glare. "I wasn't asking you, now was I?" Emmett looked down, flustered, and then back at Jasper who finally looked up. Jasper sighed. He stood and stretched his arms above his head causing his button-down shirt to rise slightly, exposing part of his toned stomach. He then twisted to the side as if he were preparing for some sporting event. Emmett continued to stare at Jasper as he adjusted his cowboy hat and began to walk over to them. He tapped Carlisle's shoulder and winked at Edward. "Sure, Carlisle, I can take one for the team," he said, his Texan drawl in full effect. "Fuck you!" Edward roared. He pushed past Carlisle and drew his fist back. Unfortunately for Edward, Emmett wrestled him down before the blow could hit. "Get the fuck off of me," Edward growled. Emmett moved quickly, capturing Edward's lithe body in his signature rear naked choke hold. There was no way he was getting loose. Carlisle stepped out of the way of the two wrestling men. He wasn't sure why Edward was even trying. The more he struggled, the tighter Emmett wrapped around him. Carlisle shook his head and pulled on Emmett's shirt. "Enough. Release him," Carlisle demanded. In an instant, Emmett freed Edward from his hold. Edward jumped up and pushed Emmett back but the giant of a man barely registered the motion. He ran both hands through his hair before tapping the front of his shirt. The pack of cigs he had there felt smashed. Perfect! He thought and glared at Emmett who was simply smirking. "Perhaps this girl isn't even in to boys." All four men turned to Esme who was grinning. "Maybe I should go instead. I couldn't do any worse, now could I?" she finished with attitude. Carlisle smiled with fire in his eyes. They were the perfect match. He then turned to the boys and pointed in her direction. "Do you see why her opinion is worth more than yours? She's fucking brilliant!" He laughed at their frustrated expressions and strode over to her. He lifted her out of her chair and kissed her. His tongue swept into her mouth with purpose. His hand immediately went over her ass, squeezing and pulling her closer. She didn't hesitate as she cupped his rising manhood. Carlisle growled loudly as his kiss became more feral. He didn't care if they had an audience or not. He pulled her even closer to him and then slapped her ass. She giggled and wrapped her arms around his neck. He started walking them to their room and then stopped, looking over his shoulder. "You don't get a free pass to fuck up simply because you're my brother. I won't alter my plans, Edward, so get it together or I'm pulling you," he said intently. Carlisle turned and kissed Esme again, only stopping when they heard a loud slam against the wall. They both glanced around to see that Emmett had punched a hole in the wall and was now storming off into the other room, leaving Jasper and Edward alone. Esme frowned but was soon distracted by Carlisle's impassioned kiss. Meanwhile, Edward stared at Jasper who was simply smirking like an asshole. "You stay the fuck away from Bella. She's mine!" Edward said, pushing Jasper back angrily. Jasper laughed and raised his hands in defeat. "Well, guess you better take care of it then 'cause, rest assured, I will get what we need from her if you can't." They heard something large slam against the wall and both men glanced towards it. Jasper shook his head and chuckled. Emmett was obviously throwing a tantrum. He turned back to Edward and tipped his hat as he strolled passed him towards the back room where Emmett was. This ought to be fun, he thought with a smile. He opened the door to see the bedroom trashed beyond recognition and Emmett pacing like a caged animal. "How could you agree to that?" Emmett raged. Jasper grinned and removed his hat, setting it atop what was left of the dresser. "Isn't that what I'm supposed to do?" he asked with a knowing glance. Emmett breathed in deeply and put his hands in his pockets, feeling defeated. "But you didn't even fight it. You were all ready to go and fuck this girl." Jasper started unbuttoning his shirt, "I would if it gets us what we want." "I don't like it," Emmett said, narrowing his eyes, but becoming sidetracked when Jasper's shirt fell to the floor. "I know you don't, but it is what it is," Jasper replied as he unbuttoned his jeans and let them drop to the floor as well. "It's not fair," Emmett pouted, his anger already waning. Jasper smiled as he walked over to him; his cock already rising in anticipation. Emmett grabbed Jasper's dick the minute he was in front of him while Jasper brought his hand over Emmett's crotch. Jasper could feel Emmett responding to his touch as he quickly shoved his hand down his pants. Emmett practically purred at the contact and leaned down to kiss him but stopped when Jasper yanked on his cock roughly. "You need to quit breaking our shit!" Jasper said angrily. "I'm sorry. I was pissed. Carlisle shouldn't have offered you up like that," he replied in almost a whine. Jasper tugged on Emmett's cock again. "Enough already. If Carlisle wants me to bang this girl to get the codes then I'll do it. Do you really want me to tell him no?" Emmett frowned and shook his head. No one told Carlisle no, not without major repercussions. He wondered if Carlisle would get rid of Jasper if he told him no. He didn't want to take that chance. "Hey," Jasper said, getting Emmett's attention. "Are we gonna fuck or do you still wanna pout about something we can't change?" he asked with an arch of his brow. Emmett grinned as he grabbed Jasper and tossed him on the broken bed, "Oh, we're gonna fuck. That's for damned sure." As Edward stood in the now empty living room, he glanced at the closed doors in either direction and frowned. He heard a large thump and shook his head as he took a cigarette out of the crumpled pack in the front pocket of his shirt. After he lit it, he lifted both hands and flipped off the closed doors. "I'm Edward motherfucking Cullen. I got this shit," he said indignantly before walking out of the house. Edward never had a problem charming a woman. He'd always been able to use his good looks to manipulate any situation. Be it his mother when he