"Another!" said the blonde as she slammed the glass onto the countertop with a loud thud, her lips smacking with great delight. There was a moment of silence. She looked up, confused as to why the shot hadn't magically refilled itself within the span of that measly microsecond, and was dismayed to find me peering down at her with a reprimanding frown. "I'm not that drunk," she protested with a telling sway. "Oh, certainly not," I snorted as I picked up her glass and placed it inside the sink, counting off the number of drinks she'd managed to hustle out of me with her wicked wiles… and fell one finger short of reaching a double digit. The drunken tetch. How dare she make me feel so irresponsible. It was a wonder she was even awake. "Really, really, really, 'Leeny," she tried to say with a winning smile, except her r's were slurring and her eyes were half-lidded. I tried not to cringe at her mutilation of my name. "Really, really. Drunk? Me? I am not." I snorted again. "Nope. I'm calling it. You're done." "Aw, come on," she pestered, eyes going wide as she tried to convince me with charm. Unfortunately, I'd lived long enough with the girl to develop a bit of a threshold and I wasn't budging. Credit is due, however, to the valiant effort she gave. The sober one would have given me great guilt, but even this drunken mess of a display had the potential to make a lesser human go weak in the knees. I was not a lesser human. Wisely, I filled up a glass of water and sprinkled in some crushed flitterwing leaves for the dreaded morning after—experience dictated I was to do anything I could to minimize the inevitable whinging. I purposefully placed the glass in front of Gina and she eyed me with disdain. "Killjoy," she muttered. "Bottoms up, you nutjob." "Good god, fine," Gina glowered, picking up the glass and gulping it down with exaggerated repulsion. "You're such a twat, Eileen. Who went an' made you mum anyway? It's not like I don' have reason ." "You're too pissed to Apparate," I observed with great perception as I began to walk off, wiping my hands over my jeans. "Sit in the corner and wait a mo', I'll see if I can find someone to drop you home." "I'd like to have a Jeremy, please," she said primly, though the effect was a bit compromised with the slurring. "He is nice." "Sure, sure," I rolled my eyes and stood on my tippy toes in search of the handsome server, and zeroed in on the table in the corner, with the young party-partiers that came out on the night before September 1st to rebel against their parents. With a small tap on the leather band on my wrist, I grinned as he flinched with the sudden buzz. He turned around and gave me a long-suffering look. "You summoned?" he called out as he nodded at his customers—the young women with the swooning smiles who paused in their appreciation to give me an annoyed glare that I unceremoniously ignored—before walking over, his clunky leather boots thudding against the hardwood floor. His black work-shirt was wrinkled and his brown eyes glinted in the warm light. This man, objectively, was a cutie. I resisted the urge to pinch a cheek. "I did." "Yes, well, tell me what to do then." he said patiently as he reached into his pocket for a bunch of order slips. I gave in to the urge to pinch a cheek and he gave me another long-suffering look. My hand apologetically retreated from his cheek and then took the order slips. The other one pointed at Gina. As Jeremy turned, I snuck an appreciative peek at his arse before scoffing at the slips, which depicted a pronounced lack of adventure. His eyebrows furrowed at the blonde's dismal state. "Whoa, is she okay?" I set about making the first round of woefully diluted Firewhiskies—table six was having too much of a hoot and did not need further encouragement—and looked back at the girl. Gina had gone from let's-party-party-so-hard-we-can-barely-remember-anything-the-day-after to tragic-internal-screaming with surprising volatility, and was currently staring at her empty water glass with a gloomy scowl. "Well," I said in reflection of my observations. "No." "Thank you," Jeremy said dryly. "For your enlightening words." "Oh, anytime," I said. "Can you take her home? She's a travel hazard on her own." "Sure, sure," he agreed, as he made his way over to Gina. "She tell you what got her so down?" I sighed and scratched my elbow. "No, she just slumped in sometime ago and started guzzling it. I've no idea what for, she refused to say." I gave him an imploring look. "I'd take her myself but I can't leave the bar unmanned—" "No, that's not a problem," he pish-poshed. "Dogwood Avenue, right? Don't sweat it, 'Leen, I'll be back in a few for the orders." And with that, he began to gently coax her to her feet again. I felt my lips twitch into a fond smile as Gina laid her head on his shoulder, him struggling to grab her cloak as he held her up at the same time. Ah, these cuties. I loved them. Somehow, he managed to steer her toward the Apparition point and within the next second, they disappeared with a loud 'crack'. Quickly finishing up the orders, I considered the mess that was my best friend. I was burning with both curiosity and righteous indignation about whoever had thrown her to this horrific state, but figured I could weasel it out of her in the morning, when she was awake and irritable and a lot more readable. Tomorrow was proving to be something to really look forward to. Yay. "Two Whistling Waters and a Firewhisky, sweets," Lianne suddenly appeared, her frizzy brown curls spilling over her eyes as she began to unload an entire tray of empty goblets. I grinned at her affectionately—the thirty-year-old woman had always been one of my favorite waitresses. Swiftly spelling three goblets clean, I began to pour and mix. "Busy night?" I asked her conversationally as she sat down for a bit of respite. "Oh, hardly, hon', I just haven't slept in a while—" Her hands rose to tug the wayward curls back into place, and her lips pulled up into a tired smile. "I'm trying to finish the book by this week, you know." "Oh yes," I recalled. Lianne Richards, soon-to-be household name in the realm of children's fiction and fantasy. "The kid that keeps accidentally finding himself inside his bedtime stories, right? Finally decide on a title?" Her smile died immediately. "Don't remind me." I will take that as a no. She shook her head to clear her thoughts. "Thanks, babe," she grinned as I set the drinks down on her tray, and was gone as quick as she came. Whew. Finally getting a quiet moment, I leaned my elbows against the countertop and looked around at the little pub, just to generally see how things were going. As most lazy Tuesdays went, the Odd Waffling was taking it easy this evening. A comfortable crowd of kickbackers was lounging about the pub, enjoying a nice drink after work with the menu's dinner special. Floating orbs cast the space with this nice yellow light and the jukebox was thankfully in a good mood, because Timothy Spellman's Siren Call was setting the vibe, which always put me in a cracking mood. I sighed, humming along with the chorus, and then jumped at the buzz on my wrist. With a quick move, my hand seized the order slip that had popped into existence above my fingertips—thanks Aggie—and I squinted at the handwriting. Three Dwarf's Ales and two Firewhiskies—gag me. I sighed and set about preparing the tray, crying inwardly because everyone was so boring—before an ear perked. A bar stool had scraped against the hardwood flooring some ways down the countertop. A squatter! My lips pulled up into a welcoming smile as I finished the order and began to turn around. "So what are we having, then—James Potter?" Whaaaat. Oh, no. No way. Potter? Like, Potter Potter? What was he doing here? Okay, I'll admit, I was staring and I probably looked very stupid. He was just sitting there, rumpled hair and pretty eyes and all, and I immediately felt a bit of a flutter within my tummy when confronted with this attractive specimen after so long, which I resented. Say what you will about the guy (and believe me, I was capable of saying quite a bit), his parents certainly threw him a genetic party on that particular front. Then again, with people like Harry and Ginny Potter for parents, anybody would pop out looking at least half-attractive. (Both Albus and Lily Potter could be offered as supplementary evidence to justify these claims.) He still used to be a little shit, though. My smile had long since turned into a frown as I regarded the twat in front of me with a disbelieving gaze. His clothing was ruffled, and a five 'o' clock shadow accentuated his admittedly strong jawline in a way that made him look like he'd walked off the pages of Witch Weekly magazine— god , these pretty people. My utterance of his name had interrupted an apparently fascinating perusal of his long, calloused fingers (mother of Merlin), and he slowly looked up to lock onto my eyes. His eyebrows furrowed and his jaw unhinged. A moment of silence. At this point, I recovered from my own stupid gaping to become exasperated about his. "Eileen Watts?" he said, tone tinged with disbelief, and I resisted the urge to clap in congratulations, staunchly stifling my hypocrisy. Now Eileen , I told myself as my shoulders rose and fell in a sarcastic shrug. We aren't seventeen anymore. "S'my name," I said instead as I placed the last Dwarf's Ale onto the awaiting tray. His eyebrows rose. Well? I waited impatiently as he stared at me with incredulity littered all across his damnable features. He sure was taking a while to react to this. I'm surprised too, bud, but come on. Really? Then again, he wasn't a bartender. If that were the case, he would have been well used to bizarr-o things happening to him on an everyday basis, as I had very quickly understood. Potter coming to the Odd Waffling was tame compared to other things. Like Minerva McGonagall walking in and absentmindedly declaring that I mixed a mean drink and should therefore learn to expect her much more often, lord knows she needed a couple to counter the pain she suffered courtesy all those 'twittering fools' that passed for the student population… never mind the fact that I used to be one. Minerva certainly knew how to let her hair down when she got her hands on some good quality booze. Who would have thought? I suddenly realized how distracted I'd become and brought myself back to this befuddling confrontation. Potter was still gaping at me like an idiot, which made me feel more hypocritical as I quirked an unimpressed eyebrow. After a few more seconds of observing his expression, however, I was faced with another realization. He had transcended the gaping. My jaw dropped. He was checking me out. His eyes were scanning me slowly from head to foot and whoa , talk about a change in convention—Potter had never checked me out before, and it was a weird feeling. I was familiar with obnoxious eye-rolls and unimpressed toots from him, sure, but this? No way. Unsure of whether I ought to be flattered or offended, I settled for neither and decided instead to look everywhere but at his face, suddenly incredibly hyperaware about every single thing that happened around me. There was a crack in the ceiling, I observed—need to get that fixed—and the jukebox had transcended from