High school. Those two words do not adequately describe that which they entail. If you were to spend decades observing high school students, with perfect recall and telepathy, you would still be surprised with their rampant contradictory extremes. Believe me, I would know. Their lives are tediously limited and meaningless while also being the most significant time of their existences. They care about the most unimportant issues and while at the same time, sometimes in the same breath, discount the most necessary ones. It is the very definition of dichotomy. Their dualistic nature is entwined with their very selves; they speak echoes, taking their true thoughts and wants and desires and wisdom, bouncing them off of their peers, resonating them against the words and deeds and opinions of others until it produces a virtual byproduct, so unlike its true native essence as to be unrecognizable. The effect propagates exponentially, until they are acting out roles based on everyone else's falsehoods, each acting as part in a common lie of mutually assured safety, or destruction. With so abhorrent surrounds, one might fathom rejecting such a nefarious backdrop for one's own existence. However, one would be wrong. Consider, where else would such creatures as ourselves, our little family, go to exist? I say little, but it is quite large, as these things go. Seven of us, living comfortably, amiably; it is nearly twice that of any similar such covens, outside of our cousins, the Denali coven. But, to my aforementioned point; what existence should we have? We cannot live openly under the sun. We wish not to live alone. We must not direct too much attention on ourselves. The answer is simple, if unpalatable; high school. At the very least, we appear the appropriate age. In truth we are here for two reasons. One is the easiest to accept, the most easily concrete. It is for my mother, Katherine. She loves her work, caring for humans, redeeming herself for what she is in her own way, as best she knows how. She wants to minimize the differences between us and the rest of humanity, as she puts it. This is something we all accept, because we love her and knows she loves us. The second, and completely intolerable, I came to understand slowly, with my family acting more on instinct than any real subterfuge, unaware that they themselves were even acting to this end; we are here for me. With a single exception, every single member of my family has chosen and turned their own partner, their own second half, even if my mother was responsible for the actually transformation. Whether or not my family will admit it to themselves in their own thoughts, I know. They believe one day, I will find someone that I will, be him mortal or immortal, wish to keep, to join with us. If he is mortal, we will find a way to change him, our treaty notwithstanding. Unfortunately, despite their wishes, this will never happen. I will never connect with any of these nearly mindless children, and even if I did, I would never risk the soul of anyone I cared about. How many lines must I cross in this so called life? This was one that I never would. Instead, I trace lines. I follow the cracks in the concrete walls at the back of the room, mapping equations, fractals, tracing patterns, quantifying forces, surmising the years of stress compounded on the wall, theorizing how it would break further in the future. A fascinating pastime, to be sure, but one that has kept my mind off more interesting pursuits. Jasper follows the flow of the crowd. At first, he is just looking, but I can feel the change that is not very evident, the subtle shifting, as the more sophisticated parts of his brain begin the recede, as he begins to focus more and more of his attention on tracking, noticing theirs speed, their awareness, their vulnerabilities... Without a word, I smack him in the side of his head. I move with a speed no human could follow, leaning around and across the table, striking him firmly, yet not so hard that he has to move with the blow or risk injury. I immediately return to my exact position, so the even if someone was staring directly at us, the shift in his hair would be the only evidence that some had happened at all. After a moment, he turns halfway to my direction, so as to not connect his response to my invisible action in anyone's mind around us who was not our sibling. "Sorry," he says, so low and fast that none outside of us could hear it. Alice isn't happy. You don't need to humiliate him, she thinks. He is doing really well. He just lost focus for a moment. I roll my eyes. I love Jasper. He isn't my favorite sibling, but he is invaluable to have around. He is one of the best fighters I know, his mind is complex and very unique, and his love of Alice is more than adequate to justify his existence. But he is just so thick sometimes. His eyes are black, as are the rest of ours. We are hungry, after the long weeks without sustenance, yet he, who knows his own thoughts, abilities, and limitations, as readily if not more so than the rest of our family know ours, makes the choice that risks not just failure, but worse, exposure and innocent death; prolonging that hunger to test himself, as though it is necessary to prove himself. We would stop him if it got out of hand, she thinks, passing over the information she had in her mind. It would have gone to far. Had we not intervened, he would have to chose the first that caught his eye, that he could have enraptured with his looks, his motion, and taken that child, here, and now. I wish that she would just tell him, let him know that he would have failed, but she won't and I'm not about to do it for her. He might stop this lunacy if he knew, cease this entirely unnecessary pressing of himself, waging his self worth on long odds stacked against him. The others would never take my side. Alice won't risk anything that might cause him discomfort. Rory and Emily are far more practical, and by practical, I mean that they just do not care. If he should fail, Rory will only care if it affects him adversely, and Emily enjoys anything that breaks up this monotony, this dull status quo, moral implications aside. Katherine and Emanuel want us to be happy, allowing us to learn from our own failures and help each other, choosing not act unless they must and aiding us only upon request. That just leaves me, the outsider, the unattached, the unhappy one, willing to degrade myself in the eyes of my family to do what is necessary, what is right. We are monstrous villains, whether we chose to admit it aloud or not, and considering the jeopardy our immortal souls are in, why do anything that risks them further? I must be the voice of reason, for the simply fact that if I am right, if we are truly damned for what we are, retribution may be obtainable if we choose morality, decency, and goodness above all other things. I must convey this truth onto my family, those that I love, lest we should lose this life and be separated for all eternity. Yet, here I sit, ignored, discounted, and without gratitude for my considerations. One day, they will understand, and they will thank me. Alice stands, kissing the top of Jasper's head and whispering so low that even we couldn't not hear, her lips hidden amongst his hair. He smiles at her, if a bit humorlessly, and resettles himself, his mind returning fully to a safer state. Everyone relaxes, and Alice traipses away to dispense with her uneaten food. He will be okay until lunch is over, she thinks. Don't let him sulk too much. Jasper is sulking. Normally, I would let him, let him tie his own noose; the sooner he learns, the better. But Alice asked, and we, the outcasts of the outcasts, the truly strange amongst the strange of the strange, must side with one another. "Hunting tonight?" Emily asks, sounding both ready and excited. "Please," I stress, sounding bored to even her out. No need to get Jasper excited again. Rory shrugs, actually bored, aiding me without meaning to. I listen as Jasper leeches the emotions out of his surroundings, paying attention to us especially and Rory and I in particular. I let my approval saturate my mood, and he snorts, but flicks the most infinitesimal look of thanks in my direction. Sensing that we are through the worst of it, Emily laughs and sits back. "The new boy just asked about us," she says. "He's getting all the dirt on us from Jesse Stanley." I smile grimly. Jesse's mild obsession with the women of the Cullen family has been long lived and... graphic. I occasionally envision his reactions if I were to inform him of Alice's inherent physique in order to try and drown out his incessant fantasies. Of course the new guy notices the Cullens, he thinks. Who wouldn't? I wonder how long it will take before that stuck up bitch Edwina shoots his ass down too. I never did "shoot him down". He would have to be brave enough to ask me first, and he is not. Not many people here are. When they see how unusual we are, despite our many appeals, it unsettles them. It does not help that they sometimes witness us looking upon them as exactly what they are to us; prey. "She is totally stuck up," I hear Jesse say, his voice just as dismissive as his thoughts are resentful. "Doesn't date at all. Don't know who her type is, but so far, it isn't any of the guys here." As is often the case, the two notions war within his mind, vying for supremacy; the nearly vindictive satisfactions he gets at labeling me a lesbian, and the lustful thoughts of me being intimate with other women he believes to be attractive, mostly my adopted sisters. I sigh and Emily looks at my face, putting Jesse's words and my reactions together. Any time you want to make out with me in front of him, let me know, she thinks. That would be hilarious. I contain my amusement, flicking my eyes to Rory. What? she thinks. He would forgive me. Eventually. I give her an expectant look. Yeah, but he hates you anyway, she thinks. I listen to hear what the new student thinks. And listen. And I hear nothing. I turn, my eyes finding him, starting to turn back from looking at Jesse. His eyes find mine, and freeze. His eyes are brown, wide, and unwavering. There is an openness to those eyes, a certain exposure. It is almost as though something that is normally hidden has been laid bare in him, that he is open where so many are closed. He looks away quickly, by human standards, but he looked directly and steadily into my eyes almost three times as long as most humans ever do. I try to pick out what he thinks, his reaction of us, of me, but again, I hear nothing. Silence. I turn back to the table, cutting off everything, focusing my entire consciousness on this single purpose, boring down into the spot where he sits, trying harder to hear than I ever have in my existence, and get nothing. "I cannot hear him," I say, low and fast, so that only my family can hear. Jasper's eyes flash, immediately examining the boy, accessing. Rory acts as though he had not heard. "Duh," says Emily, "he isn't saying anything." I