Benjamin Today was the day. Graduation. I stood in my room, looking at my closet, knowing it was futile. I didn't think I was going to wear anything in it. I wasn't even bothering to pretend to consider picking something out. The last month had been a blur. Mom had pitched a fit when she realized that Edwina was driving me to and from school. She had really yelled at me for the first time since I could remember. She had me doing even more chores and mandated that I was to drive my own truck to and from school and work every day. I agreed, and Edwina rode with me every morning. It was easy for her. Her ability to move at blinding speeds from her house to mine in a blink of an eye notwithstanding, all she had to do was leave with me in the morning. She was, after all, staying sleeplessly in my bed with me every night as I slumbered. Just this morning, I was teasing her about how incredibly boring it must be, saying that I would have to bone up on my book collection just so she would have something to do whilst I was out. She smiled and said nothing, just looking at me. It shut me right up, mostly because I couldn't not kiss her when she looked at me that way. I loved her. I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her. And I knew that today was a big step in making that day a reality. If my future sister-in-law would just get here already. "You know me too well," sighed Alice, sitting on my windowsill with a dry-cleaning back over one shoulder. She pulled out a very dressy but simple white button up shirt, a navy blue tie with matching handkerchief, and a tailed black overcoat. "Third pair of jeans and the black belt," she said, and I took them out, she turned back towards the window as I quickly stripped out of my clothing. "So," she said meaningfully, "do you make Edwina turn away when you change." "No," I said simply. "I change in the bathroom." I could practically felt her pouting. "You two are becoming less and less fun to live vicariously through," she said, and I could tell by her voice at she was building me up. "I will have to do something about that." The shirt half buttoned and half untucked, I bounded across the room. "You have it?" I asked. She turned, and my little future sister held up a simple white little box, its size unmistakable, beaming at me the way only she could. I hugged her, and she promptly pinched my mouth shut as she was not supposed to be in my bedroom and my mother was downstairs. Setting her down, I opened the box. It was an old ring, a bit large and oval, almost gaudy, yet it made up for it with an elegant simplicity. The band was almost tiny, the many round stones placed so that a least one was always catching the light, no matter what angle you looked at it from. It shown like she did under the brilliant sun. This ring belonged to Elizabeth Mason, Edwina's human mother. She had lost it upon her mother's death, pilfered by some hospital orderly who had a side business going on, apparently expecting a little extra for risking his life during the influenza outbreak. It had gone into circulation, and while Edwina had done her immortal best over the years, she could only find places it had been. She had asked for Alice's help several times, but Alice had had some forethought on the matter, as was her way. She had said that she had been unable to find it, but had, in fact, located it very easily in the home of a private collector in the south who was very fastidious about keeping his treasure trove a secret. "The fool did everything he could to sell me on the idea that it had once belonged to some obscure European royal family," she scoffed. "However, he was asking for a third of what I had been prepared to pay, and I told him so once the deal was done. After stating that I was a member of the International British Conservation Society and produced the paperwork that proved he was lying about the ring, I said that I was blacklisting him and informing those in notable circles of his double dealings. Anyone who works with him in the future will have him grateful that they would be willing to do so at all and too embarrassed to be anything but above board. He won't cheat anyone in the future." I raised an eyebrow at her, "British?" "I am very knowledge about such things," she said in a startlingly impressive British accent before returning to her usual voice. "Now, I have to make your lovely lady and myself presentable. I will see you at school. Oh, and one small thing." She smiled, half out the window, sitting upon the sill as though it were a swing, leaning back, her hands lightly gripping the frame. "We are trying to keep a low profile," she said. "Vampire, remember? If you do decide to use that ring today, don't be too conspicuous when you ask her. Because, believe me, you two have already gotten enough attention." She wasn't wrong. After three days of staying apart at school once the Cullens had returned to Forks, we had gone back to being a couple. We had tried to be low key about it, but people talk, and talk, and talk. I was pretty sure that my mother had heard about it by lunchtime that day, along with Persian goat herders and Aboriginal tribesmen. We were pretty much the hot new old couple around school, inseparable with identical schedules, reunited and undeniably happy. With graduation coming up, it felt like people were trying to squeeze all the gossip and vicarious enjoyment that they could out of it while they still had the chance. Jesse was wooing and trying to fist-bump me ever few hours at school. Angelo was nice, as ever. Mickie was pleasant enough, but I noticed that she was marking her territory around Jesse a lot more, practically hanging on him and making out with him whenever Edwina was around. Just about everybody else wanted to know what had happened, what was happening now, and what our plans for the future were. Edwina had been instrumental in future part of things. I had the feeling that she was purposefully trying to distract me from any possibility other than more school. Whenever we talked about plans after school, she brought up college. Before her first week back was out, she was coaching me through applications and essays and picking a school. And, that's how I wound up enrolled in Dartmouth next fall. With Edwina. "I'll keep that in mind," I said. And I meant that. What she said made sense. I knew now that I wasn't going to do it at the school. Seriously thinking about it, I knew there was only one place that I could really do it. I was going to ask her at the meadow. Our meadow; the place of our first kiss, the place where I told her that I loved her. Alice sighed, "You are such a sap! I love it!" She slipped out the window without as much as a goodbye. I placed the ring carefully in my coat pocket. I had my hand pretty much down my pants as I was tucking in my shirt, which made me jump as Alice's head popped back up. "Oh," she said, "one last thing. I have gone to great lengths to hide this from Edwina and everyone, so if you wreck all my hard work, I won't forgive you for forty years or so. You have been warned." "Alright," I said. "Just don't break my window. I'll see you at graduation." "The first of many," she beamed and was gone. I put on the coat and was trying to fix the tie when there was a knock at the door, "Ben?" "I'm decent," was my usual opening when she called at my door. She walked in and gasped. Granted, my hair was still too short to be messy, and I was standing there with my tie undone, but if I knew Alice like I knew Alice, I looked good. "Oh Ben," she said thickly. And I turned to see that she had tears in her eyes. "You're growing up." I snorted, holding the ends of the tie, completely at a loss, "If you say so. I am still hopeless at some things." She walked in and started sorting out the tie, though she obviously wasn't much better at it than I was. "Ben," she said, her attention more on what she was doing. "We haven't really talked all that much about the future lately. I know it's your life and all, and you are welcome here as long as you want, but Pen-Col will only get you so far. At some point, you are going to have to get out there, get your own place, maybe go to another school afterward. Have you thought about that any?" I hadn't told her that my plans had changed, for obvious reasons. I'm sure she would find the idea of me running off with Edwina to go to school in the fall about as appealing as performing her own appendectomy. But, now was the time, and I couldn't put this off any longer. "Mom," I said. "I'm not going to Pen-Col." She glanced up at me briefly, hidden suspicion still creeping into her face. "Oh," she said, looking back to the tie. "Where will you be going?" "New Hampshire," I said carefully. She stopped what she was doing, "New Hampshire?" "To Dartmouth," I said, as though resigned. He expression was blank. When she spoke, there was a quaver in her voice, "You're going to Dartmouth?" "Yeah," I said. She hugged me. Abruptly. She pulled away quickly, though. It was more than either of us could stand. "Oh wow, honey!" she said. "That's amazing! I didn't know you were applying there! Why didn't you tell me?" I swallowed, "Because Edwina encouraged me to do it." She stilled and face became neutral. "She's going too?" she asked. I held my breath, "Yeah." She sighed, "Okay, well, I get why you didn't tell me, I guess." "Mom," I said. "I-" She held up a hand, "No, no. You don't have to say anything. I mean, if you were going to go to a community college, and she talked you into Dartmouth, there really isn't anything I can say about it. I don't want you to get hurt like I did, is all. I guess I will just have to figure out how to let that one go. Anyway, I'm really going to miss you, kid." I hugged her, close and long, "I'm going to miss you too, Mom." We pulled back. "What's this?" she asked. And, before I could even consider what was about to happen, she reached into my coat's inside pocket and pulled out the small white box. I froze. What could I do? What could I say? She opened it. It was her turn to freeze. It's funny how the world never opens up and swallows you when you want it to. I didn't move. I didn't breath. I just stood there in hopes that she might just forget I was in the room. "This is an engagement ring," she said, as though hoping I might contradict her. I couldn't figure out how to make my lungs work right. "Yes," I said, my voice almost cracking, a bit squeaky. Her eyes went wide, as everything opened up to her. My father had spent his entire life saying that if