NOTE: Yes, another LOTR fic. This is actually the first in a potentially three chapter story. I'm working on the second right now. Please leave reviews to let me know what you think and if I should continue the story. I did make up a character or two for this story too, so I took a little bit of leeway in actual LOTR history for that. The soft, green grass seemed bright and still on the clear summer day in near mid-June. The sun shone brightly and clearly, striking down on everything in its sight with a gentle graze of warmth, rather than the powerful sweltering blast that it subjected creatures to later in the year. On these flawless days, two hours to noon, the sun would shine directly on the white gates of Minas Tirith, making them appear to be almost shimmering when looked at from out of the mountains yonder. It was about that time as young Boromir sat outside the gates of Minas Tirith, envying those far enough to see the illusion on the passing road. He was forbidden to go outside of the gates unsupervised, but he loved to sit outside the gates and watch the Tree of Gondor flow with the light gusts of wind. Except for some of the times he spent playing with his brother, these were the moments he enjoyed the most. As Boromir stared out into the distance, his eye was caught by a blade of grass that appeared to be dancing with the flow of the wind leading it. Soon all of the surrounding blades were following the same pattern as a light wind streamed through them. Boromir followed the path of dancing grass to the bare branches of the tree as the wind made them draw to the west. He took deep appreciation in watching wind draft by him outside the gates. His mother used to tell him that every time a light breeze went past, it was just an old soul that has become part of the earth. Boromir would watch the wind and wonder if his mother had just gone by, and whether or not she had seen him. While the young master sat in his moist and soft place on the ground, feeling as if he was part of the earth, he wished to remain in that one moment until he died, and joined his mother as the breeze going by. The moment would only last a few seconds, however, until the blades of grass settled into the ground, the soft breeze against Boromir's face passed and was replaced with a jolting force accompanied with the clattering of silver armor surrounding as Boromir was yanked up by weak shoulders into the air, then slammed back to the ground on his feet. He looked up to the two Gondorian guards on either side of him as they dragged him toward the city gates. He glanced at the face of Vorond to his right, which peeked out from behind a helmet that seemed to be radiating light as it reflected the bright sun. Over the past two years, the royal guard, who were just his father's body guard, had become more and more like a caregiver to Boromir as his father seemed to become more removed from Boromir's life. "Is father angry with me?" Boromir asked, trying to assess the situation. If his father was angry, then he had done something horrible. His father would only become angry at the worst of offenses. "We've been looking for you all morning, M aster Boromir. I was worried sick about you. We thought you'd run off, or worse. You know you're not supposed to be outside of the gates." "Is father upset?" Boromir asked again, this time the timidity in his voice was replaced with a near hopeful inflection. Vorond only continued to look toward the gates, showing Boromir only the glowing side of his head. "What were you doing outside here, anyway? You know you can't be out here alone." Vorond quickly asked him. Boromir knew this meant that he wanted him to drop the previous question and answer him immediately. "I just wanted to watch the sunrise, and to look at the sky." Boromir said, dropping his head. He hated to disappoint Vorond, because if Vorond was disappointed, then his father would be even more so. By now they had crossed the green, brisk field that extended from the shimmering white gates and stood before of the towering white doors that made men into mice. The mouth of the shining ivory-colored gates creaked wider, a sound which soon became a low rumble that made the earth at their feet shudder, and revealed the worn and hectic city beyond. The mass of occupants passing through the town road all parted and formed a passage, allowing the guards to lead the young master through the street. "Well, I hope you had your fill of the sky, because you'll be spending the next few weeks helping in the castle." Vorond commented, though he didn't mean it, he never did. Boromir was lead through the path that was made in the street and stretched to the majestic castle of Minas Tirith; he looked up at the towering pristine castle as he was swallowed into the interior of the translucent haven. The guards loosened their grip and allowed him to walk on his own as they escorted him through the familiar pearl hall. The shining and untouched white walls of the hall were decorated from end to end with arts that showed the pride of Gondor; ancient artifacts of glorious battles, mesmerizing sculptures depicting honorable and powerful kings, and relics that seemed almost mystic. This hall that left visitors captivated with the sheer wonder of Gondor's kingdom had only a stolid effect to young Boromir, who had seen it most of his life, and little else. He craved something outside of his safe home, but he had never been able to leave. Boromir and the guards soon reached the end of the hall. Vorond and his companion opened the decorative doors to the Grand Hall behind it. The circular room that had walls of majestic white and pillars of gold that never seemed to age or tarnish. This room was the setting for uncountable games played by Faramir and Boromir on most days; yet Boromir's imagination had become tired of the room and no matter what he pictured it as, he could not be by the least bit excited by it. As Boromir stood at the center of the room and the guards took leave of him for business more pressing, his sentiment of disappointment and monotony was swept away with excitement and relief as he heard his name enthusiastically screamed from the opposite door of the hall. He looked up to see Faramir racing towards him with wide open arms as if they had not seen each other in years. Faramir leaped to Boromir and, although he failed to reach even three quarters his size, he was almost tackled to the ground with the force of Faramir's embrace. "Where did you go, brother? I've not seen you all morning!" "I went outside the walls to take a rest, brother, not to the other side of the world." "Well, while you were out taking a rest, I had to wander around the halls twiddling my thumbs and helping Vorond at every beckon. Want to play a game?" Faramir was five years younger than Boromir, but Boromir still spent most of his days at his brother's side, never ceasing to be contented by his company. Faramir never failed as a companion to Boromir, whether being entertained, comforted from his daily struggles, or helped to hatch an adventurous scheme. This was solely because Boromir had nobody else to help with any of these things, other than Vorond, of course, who Boromir considered dreary and stringent. Having no other friends to spend his days with, he considered Faramir to be the best friend and the only one he would need, and they had only grown closer through the past two years as their father grew apart. "There are no games left to play, Faramir." Boromir said bluntly to his brother, hoping not to upset him. "Then we can create one. It will be fun." Faramir seemed unshaken by Boromir's complaint. This proposition sounded somewhat exciting to Boromir. They had made many new games over the years, and nothing was more exciting than playing one for the first time; but Boromir was still preoccupied by the thought of his father. "Later, but first tell me, did father get angry that I was gone?" Boromir tried to seem more worried than hopeful, but Faramir noticed neither. "I don't know, I have (not?) seen him all morning, but Vorond sure was making a whole lot of fuss about it. You ought not to disappear like that." Faramir informed his brother, feeling that he was helping Boromir by giving him this advice. Boromir knew that his father must have gotten angry, or at least annoyed, if Vorond had made so much fuss about his "disappearance." This realization was not satisfying to Boromir, but even more upsetting. He knew his father would be upset with him, and his father's disappointment devastated Boromir. Suddenly a flash of his father standing over him as Boromir watched a prized horse of the kingdom ran out of its confinement and lost itself in the forest came to his memory. His father had not yelled at him, Denethor never yelled, he only gave a soul-shaking glare of disapproval. Boromir had felt his father's disappointment grow into disinterest and shame in him as the horse ran out of his sight behind thick green trees. This was the same feeling that Boromir felt possess his chest for a split second at that moment in the hall next to his brother. He couldn't stand to have that father look at him like that again, and knew he had to do something. He felt that he should find his father and confront him directly about the event and apologize, that by doing that, he would show him how much of a man he truly was. "Faramir, do you know where father is now?" Boromir asked with expedience, as if he had an important mission. This made Faramir worried about what Boromir may be planning, or what their father might do to him. "I think he's in his study room, where he usually is." Faramir informed him, and expected instructions to follow. "I need to speak with him. Come with me, just in case." Boromir would need Faramir for this uncertain action; Faramir's presence always calmed Boromir in these situations. Boromir went to the wall of the round room and found a door behind a golden pillar that was identical to all of the other doors behind all of the other golden pillars. He pulled open the door with Faramir clutching him from behind his back, and watched the heavy entrance swing ajar only to see Vorond standing over them on the opposite side of the entryway. "Hello young masters, where are you two going? You look like two frightened pigeons, what have you done?" Faramir began to explain the expedition before he was silenced by a stare from Boromir, who proceeded to give an explanation that Faramir noticed was very similar to what he had planned to say. "We didn't do anything, we just wanted to go talk to father." It wasn't until Boromir saw the odd expression on Vorond's face that he realized how unusual this request was. "Now what do you want to do that for? You've already had an exciting morning. He's busy. Anyway; I don't think you need to bother him." Vorond told them, clearly trying to shoo them off. It was obvious that they would not be able to see their father with permission. "Come now, I'll take you down to the training area." This