"Hey, Kelly?" Kelly looked up from her biology textbook, blinking at her best friend Olivia, who was definitely not doing the chapter review questions they'd been assigned. "What?" "Do you think there's something weird about Percy Jackson?" Olivia asked. Kelly followed her to gaze to where Percy was sitting at the back of the room, leaning back in his chair. He wasn't doing the review questions, either - instead, he was staring into the fish tank behind his desk. Kelly couldn't see his face, but his dark hair was ruffled up and he was wearing his AHS hoodie with 'Jackson' emblazoned across the back of it. "What do you mean, weird?" she asked, turning back around to Olivia. Olivia shrugged. "I mean, just… there's something strange about him." "Strange how?" Kelly questioned. "He seems normal to me, and everyone else seems to love him." "Tell me about it," Olivia said, barely containing a longing sigh. "I'm not saying he's a bad guy, I'm just saying there's something different about him." "You sound like you've got a crush," Kelly said, only half teasing, because who didn't have a bit of a crush on Percy Jackson? He was tall, tan and incredibly good looking, captain of the swim team and - from what Kelly had heard, anyway - he was a pretty funny, easy going guy, when you got to know him. The brooding expression he wore when he wasn't talking to someone made him seem more mysterious than that, but everyone had seen him joking around with his friends enough to know he was definitely a nice guy. "Shut up," Olivia hissed, leaning forward over her desk and glancing from side to side to check if anyone was listening. "I heard he was dating that Anna girl." "Is that her name?" "I don't know, but either way, I don't want her thinking I have a crush on him. She spiked a ball into Rose's face in PE the other day." Kelly did a double take. "What, on purpose?" "Well, she said it was an accident, but it was definitely on purpose. To be fair, Rose had just made some dumb joke about blondes, right in the middle of a volleyball game, so…" Kelly couldn't stop herself from laughing this time. Thankfully their teacher didn't notice - but Percy did. "Oh my god," Olivia squeaked, turning abruptly and almost falling out of her chair. Her face was suddenly flushed bright red. "He's looking at us." "What?" Kelly tried to look over her shoulder in what she hoped was a subtle manoeuvre. When she did, she saw Percy sitting up in his seat and looking over at them with a quizzical expression. One of the fish in the tank behind him swam over to the corner and he glanced from it to the girls and back again. As he returned his attention to the tank more fish gathered in front of the glass, and he smiled. Kelly was just about to go back to her review questions when the fish all swam to the opposite side of the tank. It wouldn't have been that weird, really, except for the fact that they did it all at once, in one synchronised movement. And when they did it, Percy pulled a pen out of his pocket. He sat up a bit straighter, looking straight out the window all the fish were pointed at, and Kelly followed his gaze. She couldn't see anything out there, but Percy looked tense. He pushed his chair back and it made a horrible scraping sound against the floor. "Mr Jackson," their biology teacher, Mr Harrow, said warningly. "I - uh -" Percy glanced out the window again, still holding that pen in his hand. His eyes darted around the room, and he seemed unhappy to have the attention of the entire class on him. "Have you finished the review questions?" Mr Harrow asked. "Yeah, I -" "Including the extra set on page 103?" "Yes," Percy said, sounding incredibly frustrated. Mr Harrow looked mildly surprised. "Would you mind if I checked?" Percy frowned. He glanced out the window again, and then back to the fish, who had all resumed swimming around the tank normally. He sighed. "Go ahead." As Mr Harrow read over Percy's answers, Percy slouched back in his seat, twirling his pen around between his fingers. "Well done, Mr Jackson," Mr Harrow said, sounding surprised. "You seem to have a much better grasp on this unit than the last." "Thanks," Percy said tersely, not all that happy with the backhanded compliment. "I have a knack for marine biology." "It appears you do." Mr Harrow handed him back his book and returned to the front of the room without another word. Percy flipped a page in his book and made a note in the margin, but didn't try to leave again. "See?" Olivia whispered in Kelly's ear. " Weird ." She might have had a point. Although her interest in the incident from biology waned over the course of the day, Olivia picked it right back up when they spotted the blonde haired girl they thought Percy was dating after last period. "Do you think they're actually dating?" Olivia asked, trying to be subtle about her stalking and failing miserably as she craned her neck to peer around her locker door. "Yes. I mean, I think so?" Kelly paused, genuinely thinking about it. "Doesn't everyone say they are?" "Yeah, but has anyone ever actually seen them do anything coupley? Have they ever been caught making out?" "Maybe they're just really good at sneaking around." "Pssh." Olivia shut her locker and shouldered her bags. "There's not that many places in this school to hide." Kelly went to do the same, and then realised that her gym bag was missing. "Shit, I must have left my other bag in the locker room." "Why don't you get it tomorrow?" Olivia asked, stretching her arms above her head. "I wanna get out of here." Kelly watched the blonde girl - she had a feeling her name wasn't Anna - as she hefted her bag onto her back and then began walking towards the gym. Kelly pointed after her and said, "Swim practice is on now." Olivia visibly brightened. "Ohhh, okay. Yeah, sure, let's go get your bag from the gym." Kelly rolled her eyes. "You're hopeless." "I'm curious," Olivia countered, "and rightfully so." "Rightfully so? He does one weird thing in Bio and suddenly -" Kelly abruptly stopped talking as they caught up to Percy's maybe-girlfriend. She didn't even look at them as they drew even with her, continuing to walk down the corridor without so much as glancing at them. Olivia tried to catch her eye, but it wasn't until they reached the door to the gym that she acknowledged them. She walked through and then paused, holding the door open for them. "Thanks!" Olivia exclaimed, far too enthusiastically, stopping in the middle of the door and grinning at her. Kelly pushed her forward, offering an awkward smile. "You're welcome," the girl said, letting the door slam closed behind them and continuing on towards the pool. As soon as she was out of earshot, Kelly slapped Olivia's arm. "What the hell was that, you weirdo?" "I panicked!" Olivia whisper-shouted, flailing her arms. "She's really pretty up close, okay, I've never noticed she has grey eyes before -" "Oh, my god." Kelly rolled her eyes. "I'm going to get my gym bag and then we're leaving. Please wait here and don't embarrass yourself while I'm gone." "I make no promises." "So reassuring." Kelly walked into the lockers and found her bag exactly where she'd left it after gym, stuffed into her locker and half-unzipped, so as soon as she opened the door half of its contents toppled out. She swore loudly and gathered them all up, shoving them back inside and hoisting the bag over her shoulder. She was so ready for this day to be over. When she walked back out, though, Olivia was nowhere to be seen. Grumbling under her breath, Kelly stomped through the gym and over to the doors that led to the separate room where the pool was housed. Sure enough, she saw Olivia through the glass doors, sitting towards the bottom of the stands and talking to the girl who'd held the door open for them. Kelly really wished she could remember her name. Figuring Olivia wasn't going to leave of her own free will, Kelly pushed the door open and made her way over to the stands to collect her. The stench of chlorine was overwhelming in here, and the loud voice of the swim coach was echoing off the domed ceiling as he shouted instructions to the boys and girls doing laps of the pool. Olivia didn't seem to mind, grinning widely as she saw Kelly approaching. "Kelly! Come sit with us!" Making a mental note to kill her later, Kelly plastered on a smile and came to join them. The blonde girl watched her as she sat down, obviously appraising her. Her stare was intense, and Olivia had't been kidding about her being beautiful up close. Kelly felt a wave of insecurity wash over her. "Hi," she said, somewhat awkwardly. Olivia breezed right on over her discomfort. "Kelly, this is Annabeth. You know, from our English class?" "Oh, yeah," Kelly said, relieved to finally know her name. "Sorry we haven't really spoken before." Annabeth shrugged, and her smile seemed genuine. "No problem. I don't really speak up all that much in English." "How could you even get a word in with Rose constantly blabbering on and trying to impress the teacher," Olivia said, kicking her bag over so Kelly had more room to put her stuff down. Annabeth laughed. "Maybe she'll be a little quieter while her nose heals." She seemed to register what she'd just said only after it was too late, and her face fell. "Not that I'm glad she's hurt, or anything, what happened in volleyball was a complete accident -" "Accident or no, she totally deserved it," Olivia said. "She's been asking for a hit to the face for like the last four years." Annabeth looked contemplative. "She's always been like that, then?" "Oh yeah," Kelly said, nodding. "She always tries to put everyone down to make herself feel better. She's been like that since the start of high school." "Huh." Annabeth seemed a little comforted by that. Coach shouted something particularly violent, drawing the attention of all three girls for a moment. Annabeth smiled as Percy surfaced by the coach's feet and said something in reply before taking off again, moving through the water effortlessly. "You just transferred here this year, right?" Olivia asked, obviously trying to sound casual. Annabeth nodded, fingers curling around the bag in her lap. "Yeah. I moved over from California and Percy got a swimming scholarship, so…" "Oh, Percy's in our bio class, too, isn't he, Kel?" "Yeah, he is." Kelly paused, building up the courage to ask the question that Olivia so desperately wanted to but was too scared to voice. "Are you - is he your - ?" "Is he my boyfriend?" Annabeth interpreted, raising an eyebrow and looking amused. "Yeah." "Oh. Cool." Oh, god. This was a disaster. Annabeth's expression shifted slightly. She was still smiling, but her eyes looked a bit sharper than before. "Who are you here for?" "Here for?" Olivia asked, obviously confused. Kelly kicked her shin and spoke over the top of her. "Mark! We're here for our friend Mark. He complained the other day we aren't supportive enough, so. Here we are. Haha." Annabeth nodded as if this made total sense. "Mark seems like a cool guy." "He does?" Olivia blinked. "I mean, yeah! Mark's a really cool guy. In fact, we should all hang out sometime, don't you think?" Both Annabeth and Kelly looked surprised at how quickly that had come up. Olivia powered on, totally