a.n. this story is based in a universe created by Lilianne Chase (author of the amazing Hidden, you probably know her), where rather than all of the seven being teenagers, Jason and Piper were in their 30s when chosen for the quest. this au is fondly known as Adult!Jasper and you can read alllll about it on our tumblrs - she's lililibird and i'm bananannabeth . also in this au are Punk!Percy and Girly!Annabeth. Jason didn't remember quests being this tiring. The fact that this one seemed to be taking so much out of him was not a good sign, no matter how he looked at it. Maybe they had always been this tiring, but over time the exhaustion had faded from his memory, leaving nothing but the faint recollection of exhilaration. He remembered being excited on quests when he was younger, but he didn't feel any excitement now. So either his memory was failing him, or he'd turned into a bitter old man. Maybe it was both. He rubbed his bad knee, massaging the joint and trying to get it to stop aching, while eyeing the kids on the other side of the deck. Percy was talking to an enamoured audience of Annabeth, Leo, Frank and Hazel, smirking around every word, which no doubt meant that he was telling them all about how Jason had taken a hit to the knee and crumpled immediately, leaving him to finish the monsters off single handedly. If Jason hadn't been so furious with himself for leaving his weakness exposed, and if Percy hadn't been so damn smug about it, Jason might have been proud of the kid for his prowess. As it was, he just felt agitated. Percy's tale must have wrapped up, because Hazel slowly lowered her hands from her mouth and Annabeth threw herself into Percy's arms with an exuberant squeal, kissing him right on the lips, not caring about their audience. Jason looked away, scowling. He tried to remember if he and Reyna had ever been that handsy when they were teenagers, but it seemed a silly comparison to make. They had been a different sort of couple, born out of fondness and practicality, whereas Percy and Annabeth were made of a burning passion, a magnetism that kept them constantly in each other's orbit. Jason had never felt that kind of white hot desire for anyone before, except maybe - "Hey, soldier. I hear you took quite the hit. Is that why you're scowling like that?" Jason lifted his gaze to see Piper standing there, red bra the same shade as her lipstick visible through her sheer black blouse. He swallowed and shook his head, keeping his eyes locked firmly on her own. "No, that's not why I'm - Wait, you heard about that? Already?" She shrugged and dropped down onto the box beside him. Her skirt rode up her thighs as she sat, but Jason recognised this as a calculated move and so stubbornly pretended not to notice. "Word travels fast on the Argo," she said, looking past him to the kids. "You know how teenagers are with their gossip." "Oh, like you're any better," Jason said, and then immediately regretted it. His cheeks flushed pink. "I'm sorry, Piper, I didn't -" Her gaze had snapped back to him, multicoloured eyes wide and searching. For a second her expression was completely blank, and he felt sick to his stomach. But then the corner of her cherry red lips lifted in a familiar smirk, and she slowly shook her head, choppy hair swinging across her shoulders. "My, my, you are grumpy today. Your knee and your ego must have taken quite the hit." Jason grumbled something indistinct and Piper laughed, a light musical sound that was beautiful but also not quite real. Jason had only heard Piper's genuine laugh three times so far, but it was already one of his favourite sounds in the world. This tinkling little thing she offered him now paled in comparison, and his scowl deepened. "Maybe questing is a young man's game," she said with cloying sweetness. Jason turned to her. "We're here for a reason, Piper. These kids need us, and -" "They seem to think they can take care of themselves all right." Her eyes flickered over his shoulder, and he followed her gaze to see Annabeth leading Percy by the hand down onto the lower level, leaving Leo, Frank and Hazel deep in discussion on the other side of the deck. Jason rubbed his temples. "Look, maybe they can take care of themselves with the physical combat side of things, but they need someone to set an example, to lead -" "You're stressed," Piper said, and he could feel her charmspeak washing over him instantly. It was only a small amount, but it was potent enough to make him feel a bit lightheaded. "You just need to take your mind off things. Find something to… distract you. A little bit of stress relief." Her hand grazed lightly over his bad knee and up his thigh, getting awfully close to his belt buckle before he swatted her away. "On the deck of the ship? Really? You're going to try that here?" She shrugged one shoulder and withdrew her hand. There was no charmspeak in her voice when she said, "Excuse me for getting a little adventurous." Gods, Jason was tired. He was tired of chasing fruitless leads on this quest, he was tired of babysitting, he was tired of being outmatched by a sixteen year old boy who wore jeans with holes in them, he was tired of constantly having to rebuke Piper's advances when all he wanted to do was accept them. He was tired of his morals always beating his baser desires. But Jason Grace had trained himself to be the perfect soldier, and he wasn't about to throw decades of hard work away, not even for Piper McLean. He stood, leaning heavily on his good knee, and dragged a hand down his face. The stubble along his jaw prickled against the skin of his palm. "You can't keep doing this, Piper. You know that I - that I'm not the type of person to just do that without any… without any emotional attachment." "Lust is an emotion," she said quickly, but the words lacked her usual bite. Sitting in front of him then, shielded from the view of everyone else, Jason thought that Piper looked tired, too. Not because there were bags under her eyes or anything - oh no, she was as stunning as ever, so beautiful that Jason found it hard to breathe around her - but because of the stoop of her shoulders, the drop of her bottom lip, her general air. In that moment, she didn't appear as polished as normal. Jason's heart twisted. "Not the one that I'm looking for," he said, and with that he turned and limped away. A few days passed. Tensions didn't really ease. They were on the brink of a big development, everyone could feel it. They were all on edge, and they all dealt with it in different ways, all equally frustrating to Jason - except for Piper's. Her way of coping with the stress was to pretend that she didn't care in the slightest, and it infuriated Jason. She spent her days lazing around the ship, collecting idle gossip and drinking her way through their wine supply. Occasionally Jason caught her with her dagger out, but she only seemed to use it as a mirror. She spent every meeting making snide remarks, laughing at the way she could so easily rile everyone up. Whenever Jason tried to reign her in, Piper just laughed and sauntered from the room without a glance back, leaving everyone fuming in her wake. Most of the kids stayed out of her way. Frank and Hazel knew better than to provoke her, and she got along fine with Leo, so he wasn't at risk of being caught in her line of fire (ironic in many ways, not least of which was the fact that he was probably the only one out of the lot who'd be able to laugh off her insults). Annabeth didn't exactly mean to piss her off - most of the time, anyway - but their personalities just clashed. Piper felt that Annabeth was too highly strung and too serious and too in love with Percy and too clever for her own good and too smug and too young and just too much . And Annabeth felt that Piper wasn't serious enough, wasn't experienced enough, wasn't prepared for the responsibility that came with a quest like this in any way, shape or form. Which lead to some impressive arguments. Annabeth was leaning over the opposite side of the table to Jason, poring over the maps they'd spread out across its surface, trying to decide which course would be best to take. Everyone else had long since retired to their individual rooms, leaving just the two of them and Percy, whose lap Annabeth had only recently vacated. She seemed too agitated to remain seated, and as soon as she'd stood up Percy had leaned his head back, exposing the hollow of his throat and the hickey visible underneath his collar. Jason bit down a comment and tried to focus on Annabeth's pale pink, perfectly manicured nail tapping at a spot on the map. She said, "But if we go through here, we risk an attack from -" A voice from the doorway behind Jason cut her off. "Oh my gods, you're still looking at those stupid maps?" Jason almost jumped out of his skin as Piper stepped into the room, barefoot for once. Without the clicking of her trademark heels, he hadn't heard her coming. She brushed her open palm along the small of his back and made him shiver as she sauntered around to the head of the table, looking at the three of them in turn. She was wearing a red silk negligee and nothing else, and Jason suddenly found the topographical lines of the map more fascinating than ever before. Jason heard Percy clear his throat, but it was Annabeth who spoke, her words clipped at the edges. "Unlike some people, we're actually interested in completing this quest. So yes, we're still here, trying to figure out a way to get everyone home alive. Thanks for your help." Piper clicked her tongue. "Gods, kid, it's way past your bedtime and your hot boyfriend's sitting there drooling over how short that dress is, would you go put him out of his misery and get out of my face?" At first the only thing Jason processed from that entire sentence was the phrase hot boyfriend . But then he registered the rest of it, and realised that Piper had just started something bad. He looked up just in time to see Annabeth straightening, hands tugging down the hem of her pristine white dress, which was modest in length compared to Piper's current attire. Percy slowly stood and looped an arm around his girlfriend's waist, tilting his head down to whisper something in her ear. Annabeth made a low noise at the back of her throat that sounded an awful lot like a growl, and Jason noticed a flush rising up her neck. He wasn't sure if it had been brought on by Piper's words or her proximity to Percy, but either way he hated it. "Piper, please -" he began to say, but Annabeth spoke over the top of him. " I don't need to wear short dresses to get the attention of the guy I like, but thanks for the advice." Her gaze was ice cold and far more intimidating than the stare of a sixteen year old had any right to be. Percy turned his head into her blonde curls, but Jason couldn't tell if he was whispering in her ear again or just stifling a laugh. Piper's