Colour coordination was a big thing for Annabeth. Every aspect of her outfit was carefully selected for maximum aesthetic appeal, and colour played a big role in that. Today was a study of complements: a bright yellow sun dress paired with a thin, violet belt that matched her heels. With her long, golden hair pulled back into a neat ballerina bun, she was like a walking ray of sunshine. So she didn't understand why she kept trying to figure out what would work with black skinny jeans. The thought had crept into her head, completely unbidden, the moment the boy in the middle of the lecture hall had met her eye. She'd just been about to slide into her usual seat towards the front when she'd felt his gaze on her and looked up to see him, sitting just a few rows back and a little to the side. He was unfairly good looking: chiseled jaw, strong brow, stunning sea green eyes that were focused intently on her. But he was dressed entirely in black: Ripped skinny jeans and a black t-shirt with what was no doubt a band logo plastered on the front. Annabeth didn't own a single article of black clothing. The boy's dark hair was artfully tousled, so much so that she couldn't decide whether he'd styled it or if he really had just rolled out of bed with it looking like that. When he caught her staring he'd raised his arm in a little half-wave, and she'd glimpsed a tattoo on his forearm. He'd smirked instead of smiled, and Annabeth had blushed and promptly dropped into her seat with significantly less grace than usual. The lecture was almost over now, and she could still feel his eyes on her, almost like a physical touch. She rubbed the back of her neck, as though she could push his eyes away. Every other time she'd glanced at him, his gaze had been intense and focused, as though she was the subject of this week's lecture and he was trying his damndest to figure her out. That look sent a shiver down Annabeth's spine and stole the breath from her lungs, and she couldn't decide if she enjoyed that or not. She chanced another glance over her elbow as she rubbed her neck now, and caught him in the act. He wasn't staring quite as intensely as before, but he didn't look ashamed either - if anything, he looked happy to have her attention. The smirk he flashed her now was closer to a smile than the last one, but it was still a smirk nonetheless. She raised her eyebrow at him, a silent question. She didn't really know what, exactly, she was asking, but he seemed to understand. He smiled for real now. She smiled back. As soon as the lecture ended he was standing at the end of her row, hands shoved in the pockets of those ripped jeans as he watched her pack up her things. "Can I help you?" she asked as she slid her notebook into her backpack, between her laptop and text book. When he didn't reply she looked up, curious. He was still staring at her, but this time he looked away when she caught him. She saw him take a breath before he turned back to her. "I'm Percy," he said. His voice was rich and warm and slightly accented. "Nice to meet you, Percy," she said, slinging her bag over her shoulder and finally looking at him straight on. "I'm Annabeth." "Annabeth," he repeated, smiling around the syllables. Everything, she decided suddenly. Everything works with black. He started sitting next to her at their lectures. He didn't take notes, but he watched the lecturer in rapt attention. Every time they made a point he particularly liked, Percy would gently knock his knee against Annabeth's, or he'd nudge her with his elbow, which was extremely frustrating when she was handwriting. He apologised every time he sent a line of black ink streaking across her notes but couldn't quite seem to bring himself to stop. She quickly learned he was a very tactile person; and it only got more pronounced when they started studying together. He'd sit right next to her, leaning into her shoulder and creasing the sleeve of her cardigan. Or he'd put his hand over hers on the textbook when she was pointing out an important passage, his silent way of letting her know he had a question. He still looked like an absolute thug, and he swore far too much, but Percy could be incredibly sweet. He always made a point to compliment her - her looks, her smarts, her sense of humour. He could always find something good to say about her. He bought her tea from one of the cafes on campus whenever he got a coffee and refused to let her pay him back. He always walked her to her next class, or home. His presence at her side was remarkably reassuring. Annabeth felt safe with Percy there. He never asked to come inside, and she didn't remember ever explicitly inviting him, but one day they found themselves in her kitchen sharing a sandwich, and after that it never really stopped. Percy was fascinated by her room. The first time they tried to study in there they got absolutely nothing done, because he spent the whole time doing laps, picking up every object that wasn't stuck in place and turning it in his hands, asking her what it was and where she'd got it and why she had it. He preened in her full length mirror, spiking up his hair, and Annabeth sat on her soft bed and laughed at him. His reflection frowned at her. "What?" "Nothing," she insisted. "You just… I didn't think you'd like my room. It's all… white." That was, technically, a lie. It was actually shades of white: cream, ivory, a bit of champagne. But she doubted Percy would appreciate the subtle differences. "I like your room," he said, "because it's like you." She tried to keep her expression neutral as she said, "Oh?" "Yeah. And I like you, so why wouldn't I like your room?" She had to work to unstick her mouth. "I like you, too, Percy." She promptly rolled over and reached for a book on her bedside table, but when she rolled back he was still watching her reflection. She flashed him a small smile before burying her nose in the book. Annabeth's housemate Jason jumped a mile when he walked in on them for the first time, and they weren't even doing anything. Percy was lying on her bed, head hanging upside down over the edge and hands twisted in her princess canopy - if he ripped it she was going to kill him - watching her sketch. "You know," she said slowly, "It looks better if you have your head the right way up." "You know," he mimicked. He did that a lot, mimicked her. With anyone else it would have been annoying, but with Percy it was somehow endearing. She liked that he absorbed her words and her mannerisms to such a degree that he was able to replicate them. "You poke your tongue out when you concentrate." Her head shot up, but before she could respond Jason was knocking on her open door and stepping into the room. "Hey, Annabeth, do you have - oh, my god." He jumped back a mile when he saw Percy on the bed. "Hi. I'm sorry, I didn't realise you had company." "Jason, this is Percy. Percy, this is Jason," Annabeth introduced them. Percy rolled over and sat up properly, swinging his legs over the side of the bed. "Hey." The two boys eyed each other warily, and no one said anything more. "Right," Annabeth said. "Well, what were you looking for, Jason?" "Nothing," he said, backing out of the room. "I'll talk to you about it later. Nice to meet you, Percy." He threw one last curious look at Annabeth before leaving, shutting the door behind him. "You hadn't told him about me," Percy said. It was the type of thing that should have been a question, but when he said it so seriously it was definitely a statement. Annabeth set her sketchbook aside and spun around to face him. She didn't know what he wanted her to say. What was she supposed to have told her housemate? It's not like they were dating. Even though the sight of him sprawled on her bed made her cheeks warm… "No, I told him about you," she argued. Percy raised an eyebrow. She twisted her hands together. "I just didn't tell him you were…" she waved her hands at him. He frowned. "I was what, Annabeth?" "You know," she said hopelessly. "A… punk?" For a second, Percy's eyes flashed wide and sad, and Annabeth's heart twisted. And then his expression completely closed off. "Are you ashamed of me?" "What? No! Why would I be ashamed of you?" "Because I'm -" He copied her hand gesture from before. "Percy," she said softly, moving to sit beside him on the bed. She reached for his hand and he didn't flinch away. She turned his arm over and traced her fingertip along the lines of his tattoo. "I don't care about that. If I cared, do you think I'd let you in my room? Do you think I'd let you on my bed?" He shook his head. He was watching her with that same intense stare from the first day they'd met. She thought about how easy it would be to kiss him right then. She buried her face in his shoulder instead. "I like you, Percy," she repeated, voice muffled by the well worn fabric of his shirt. She could hear him smile when he said, "I like you, too, Annabeth." One night, when they stayed up ridiculously late studying, Annabeth fell asleep on top of her covers, using her textbook as a pillow. When she woke up a few hours later her book had been placed neatly on the ground, she had a proper pillow under her head and the blanket that normally sat at the foot of her bed had been draped over the top of her. Percy was nowhere to be seen, but a hastily scribbled note sat on her other pillow. ' Sleep well, Princess. See you tomorrow. ' On their first proper date, he brought her flowers. A big, beautiful bouquet of all different varieties, as though he hadn't been sure which type was her favourite so he'd just gone for all of them. She almost cried when he handed them over. "No one's ever given me flowers before," she said, voice wobbly. He frowned, genuinely perplexed. "They should have." He took her to an outdoor concert. They sat on a grassy hill in the light of the setting sun and ate homemade sandwiches and drank cheap wine and talked over the music. "You look beautiful," Percy said for approximately the seventh time. Butterflies ricocheted around Annabeth's stomach. It was hard to reconcile such gentle words with the boy sitting across from her, who looked to be all rough edges with a blunt stare and a sharp mouth. But she was quickly discovering that there was much more to Percy Jackson than the punk rock persona he projected. "Thank you," Annabeth said for approximately the seventh time. She smiled and added, "So do you." He patted down his black t-shirt and lifted his chin, obviously pleased. "Why thank you! That's quite a compliment, coming from someone as fashionable as you." She giggled into her glass and he fell back onto the picnic rug, folding his arms behind his head. She drew her knees up to her chest and propped her chin on them, peering down at him. "Thank you," she said, more seriously than before. He turned his head to squint up at her.