a.n. Written for the PJO Secret Santa 2016 over on tumblr (I'm bananannabeth over there too, come say hi)! Annabeth came to terms with the fact that she didn't have magic a long time ago. If she had to pinpoint the moment, she'd probably tell you it was when she was seven and overheard her father talking about how even when she was particularly emotional she didn't display any signs of accidental magic, but secretly she knew that she didn't fully accept it until she was twelve. She got cornered in an alleyway by some vicious bullies and she still couldn't summon any magic to help her. Not that she needed it, in the end - she'd found a hammer that had done just as good a job of persuading them to shut up as any spell would have. Not everyone had magic. In fact, very few people did. Only about ten percent of the population, was the estimate, although of course it was hard to get accurate figures when so many of them chose not to officially disclose their powers. But Annabeth's mother had been magical, and she took after her in every other possible way, so it had just sort of been assumed that the magic would come, too. When it didn't, her father was relieved, glad to have some semblance of normalcy, while Annabeth was immensely disappointed. If you'd asked, she probably would have told you that she got over it pretty quickly. Normal was fine, normal was easy, normal was as good as it was going to get. She never expected to feel that spark inside her, that tingling at the tips of her fingers, the overflow of energy pulsing through her and out into the universe. And then she met Percy Jackson. "Come on, Annabeth," Piper needled, jumping on the end of her housemate's bed and landing on all fours. "It'll be fun." Annabeth peered over the top of her laptop. Piper was dressed in a hideous, high necked, green sweater with little lopsided Christmas elves stitched across the front, all ready for the Ugly Christmas Sweater Party a friend of hers was throwing. Piper lived for this type of kitschy stuff, thought it was ironic and hilarious and well worth celebrating. Annabeth thought it was idiotic. She pursed her lips and said, "No, it won't." "It will, I promise." Piper pushed Annabeth's legs to one side so she could lay down, stretching herself out against the wall and reaching up to bat at Annabeth's shoulder. "Please come. Please, please, please. You know you want to come." Annabeth paused, fingers hovering over the keyboard, and frowned. "Don't charmspeak me." Piper had the grace to blush. "Sorry, it just sorta slipped out." "Sure it did," Annabeth grumbled, closing her laptop and setting it carefully on her bedside table. Of course the college that Annabeth had chosen to attend had an unusually high number of magical students, and of course one of her housemates just happened to be magical. Piper had the ability to charm people with her voice, compel them to do things they otherwise wouldn't. It was a rare power amongst the already rare magical people, but one she harnessed mostly for good, thankfully. Except for tonight, of course. Piper batted her eyelashes and pouted. "Please come, I'll be lost without you." Annabeth snorted. "As if. You only want me there as an icebreaker for your conversation with Jason." "That is ridiculous." Piper scoffed. "I want you there because you're lovely company." "I'm terrible company." "Well, at least you're modest." There was a pause, where the two girls held eye contact and waited to see who'd crack first. Past experience said it'd be Piper, and past experience was right. "Okay, fine!" She looked down at her lap, contemplative. "If you come tonight I'll take on cleaning duties for the next week." "Make it a month." "A month?!" Annabeth shrugged. "It's finals, we should be studying. And I think you underestimate how much I really don't feel like making awkward small talk with acquaintances tonight." "I think you overestimate how much I want you there," Piper retorted, sitting up straight and glaring at her. She softened almost immediately though, shoulders curving forward as she sighed. "Okay, fine. Cleaning duties for the next month in exchange for you coming to the party tonight." Annabeth shook her offered hand. "Deal. But I don't have an ugly Christmas sweater to wear, what a shame." Piper grinned. "Ah, but you do have a perceptive roommate who noticed your frankly quite disturbing lack of Christmas apparel and went out and bought you one." "You're kidding." Piper clambered off the bed and wrenched open her bottom drawer, pulling out a baby pink sweater. "Pink? That's not very Christmassy," Annabeth scoffed. "Wait for it!" Piper laughed. She shook the sweater out and spun around so Annabeth could see the gingerbread house with little gingerbread people smiling out of the windows that had been stitched onto the front. Multicoloured knots of thread made a line of Christmas lights across the gutter of the house. It was the most hideous thing Annabeth had ever seen. She stared at it, horrified, as Piper cackled maniacally. "No, I'm not wearing that." Piper smirked. "Come on, you'll look out of place if you rock up in normal clothes. They might even turn you away!" "What a shame that would be," Annabeth deadpanned. Piper advanced on her threateningly. "It's an Ugly Christmas Sweater Party, Annabeth, you have to wear an ugly Christmas sweater." "No, I refuse!" She held her arms out in front of herself, trying to push her roommate away. "I take it back, I'm just going to stay in study, never mind -" Piper jumped on top of her, wrestling the sweater over her head. Annabeth swore loudly and continuously from inside the warm fabric, until finally she caved and pulled it on properly. "Are you happy?" she snapped, shoving her arms in roughly. Piper was beaming. "So happy. This might be the happiest I've ever been." "I'm glad my suffering brings you joy." "You're such a Grinch." Annabeth wasn't sure if the fact that she knew people at the party made it better or worse. Pretty much as soon as she walked in she was enveloped in a hug by the Stoll brothers, one on each side, both yelling, "Annabeth!" Connor turned to Piper with a huge grin. "How'd you do it, Pipes? How did you drag her away from her study?" "Magic," she said, wiggling her fingers. The boys laughed and let Annabeth go, tugging on the shoulders of her sweater for good measure. She straightened it out and frowned after them. "I hate this." "We just got here, you're not leaving." Piper grabbed her elbow and dragged her further into the house. Annabeth saw some girls from their dorm: Clarisse and Silena, heads bowed close together and lips curled into smirks, like the rest of the party didn't even exist; a girl whom she thought was named Hazel was sitting on the couch with her feet curled up underneath her, nursing a red solo cup like it was a tea; and then - "Reyna," Piper breathed, letting go of Annabeth's arm. Annabeth followed her gaze across the room, to where Reyna was standing beside a very awkward looking Jason. Piper's face fell. "Just go say hi," Annabeth said, trying to project Piper's usual confidence back on her. "They're not even talking." "They're…" Piper trailed off, seemingly lost for words. She spun around. "I can't do it." "Yes, you can. You didn't drag me all the way here just so you could freeze up halfway across the room from him." Piper whined. "What do I even say?" "Hi Jason, thanks for your help with that question set last week, you're a lifesaver. Would you like to get married?" Annabeth offered. Piper looked at her incredulously, lips twitching as though she couldn't decide whether to laugh or cry. She settled on just shaking her head. Before Annabeth could offer up any more foolproof advice, Jason peeled himself away from the wall and started walking right towards them. "Oh, look, he's going to do it for you," Annabeth said, subtly shifting so that her shoulder was behind Piper, blocking her from running away. Jason stopped right in front of them, wearing a careful smile and a truly hideous grey sweater with a huge green Christmas tree on the front. "Hello," he said, voice warm. "Hi," Piper said, a few octaves higher than normal. And that's where the conversation stalled, with the two of them just staring at each other. "Oh, jesus," Annabeth muttered, before saying brightly, "Hi, Jason. Love the sweater." "What? Oh, thanks, Annabeth." He plucked at the front of it, frowning slightly. "It - uh, it was my sister's actually." "Cool!" Piper said, way too enthusiastically. "Hey, uh, I wanted to thank you for helping me with that question set, last week. That was - erm, really… helpful." Jason smiled. "You're welcome. I'm glad I could help." Annabeth knocked Piper's shoulder and said. "I'm going to go get a drink, but, uh, weren't you just telling me how you thought you'd finally cracked that reading, Pipes?" "I was? Oh, yeah, I was, right!" Piper swapped confusion for a dazzling smile as she blinked back up at Jason. "Do you want me to, er, go over it with you?" Annabeth left them discussing the work that they all should have been doing right then, instead of partying, and made her way through the lounge and into the kitchen to get a drink. The kitchen was full of people doing rounds of shots, however, so Annabeth filled her cup as quickly as possible and then returned to the slightly tamer crowds in the lounge, holding the cup in front of her like a shield. She wondered if Piper would notice if she just snuck away now. Some people that she knew from classes and friends of friends that she'd hung out with once back at the start of semester tried to engage her in conversation, but Annabeth really wasn't feeling it. She kept glancing over to where Piper and Jason were laughing together on the makeshift dancefloor, debating whether her roommate really needed her here. Her laughter was forced and she was praying that her smiles didn't look as fake as they felt. She just couldn't stop thinking about all of the work she had waiting for her back in her dorm, and about how she still hadn't gotten her dad his Christmas present yet, and how standing in a circle of people discussing how they either couldn't wait or definitely didn't want to go home for break was the last thing she felt like doing right then. She was in the middle of wishing a friend of Piper's happy holidays when she made unintentional eye contact with someone across the room. He was tall enough to stand slightly above most of the crowd, with dark hair and sea green eyes that crinkled in the corners as he looked at her, obviously intrigued. She held his gaze as he started making his way towards her, inexplicably feeling like maybe coming to this party hadn't been such a bad idea after all. He stopped right front of her, and Annabeth's throat went dry. He was even better looking up close. His bright blue sweater with rows of silver baubles and snowflakes shouldn't have looked appealing on anyone over the age of eight, but the colour made his eyes look incredibly bright and honestly, Annabeth would have been surprised if he'd looked bad in anything. "Big fan of gingerbread?" he asked by way of greeting. His voice was deep and had the accent of a New York native, not someone who'd moved there for school, like Annabeth. The sound of it and his strange words had her completely dumbstruck for a second, until her brain kicked back into gear