written for the pjohoobigbang over on tumblr you can find it on my tumblr, bananannabeth amazing companion art by hamabee exists, please go check it out inspired by the song impossible year by panic! at the disco this is technically a canon-divergent fic: rather than the canon 6 months between hoo and toa/mcga, there's 1 year and 6 months. this entire thing is an exploration of annabeth's psyche post-tartarus, so there's depictions of ptsd, panic attacks and anxiety. IMPOSSIBLE YEAR It starts and ends with this: "Together." Annabeth stares at Percy, and Percy stares at Annabeth. They're searching for something that they aren't even sure exists anymore. They're so unrecognisable now that they've started to forget who they were, before. She feels his fingers twitch in hers, registers that she's probably holding his hands too tightly but acknowledges that she doesn't want to let go just yet. She's sitting in his lap, their hands clasped between them, and both of them are crying. She knows that he doesn't want to let go yet, either. Because once they let go, it's done. They are done. Annabeth takes a deep breath, one that rattles her very bones, feels her heart beating wildly in her chest, feels her stomach churning and her mouth going dry. She licks her lips. Percy watches, and she thinks about kissing him. You know, to say goodbye. Instead, she closes her eyes. She counts to ten, and then she tells herself to be brave. She opens her eyes. Gods, he looks as sad as she feels. Which is part of the problem - maybe the whole problem, actually. Together was what had gotten them through Tartarus, what had given them the strength to claw their way out and then to keep on fighting through everything that had come after. But they're out, now, back at camp and physically safe and yet all they seem to do is keep dragging each other back down there. Together. "Not anymore." JANUARY Piper's the first to notice that something is wrong, because of course she is. She's always been more in tune with Annabeth's emotions than she's been comfortable with. Annabeth feels her eyes on the back of her neck as she crosses the dining pavilion, and when she glances over out of the corner of her eye she sees that the daughter of Aphrodite is frowning, seemingly oblivious to her siblings trying to get her attention. Annabeth's cheeks burn almost as hot as the sacrificial fire, which she promptly focuses on. She really doesn't want to talk about it, so she ignores Piper's staring and walks with her head held high over to the Athena table. Malcolm starts when she sits down next to him. He pauses with his fork halfway to his mouth, comically frozen in place by shock. If she didn't feel like she was dying, Annabeth would laugh. Instead, she snaps, "What?" The half of the table that wasn't already looking at her is now, and she regrets not holding her tongue. She regrets even coming to breakfast in the first place, if she's honest. It's not like she's hungry. But she can't exactly get up and walk out, not after committing herself to continuing on with her daily routine as though everything is fine. The longer she sits there, the more she thinks this was an idiotic decision. It takes her half-brother a second to compose himself. "Annabeth. You're sitting with us." She clenches her jaw and reminds herself that she is fine. Everything is completely fine. "Yes. This is the Athena table." "Well, yeah, but…" Malcolm looks over to the Poseidon table. Annabeth's instincts scream at her to follow his gaze, but she keeps her eyes locked on her plate instead. Malcolm sighs. "Oh." She snaps her head up, terrified beyond all reason of what he may have seen. "Oh what?" "Percy's not here, that's why you're sitting with us," Malcolm says. His smile would suggest that's the end of it, mystery solved; but it doesn't quite meet his eyes and Annabeth knows he suspects something. Thankfully, he knows her well enough to not push it. "Yeah," she mumbles, stabbing her breakfast with slightly more force than is necessary. She feels equal parts relieved and distressed that Percy isn't there. The logical part of her insists that this is a good thing, because he's never been good at hiding his emotions (not that she's one to talk, really, but that's an introspection for another day) but the emotional part of her is positively frantic with worry not knowing where he is. It's been six months since they crawled out of Tartarus, and Annabeth has known exactly where Percy has been at every hour of every day since they made it out. Realising that he's gone somewhere without telling her makes her stomach churn. She feels strangely unmoored, set adrift in the world, and - despite the fact that she's surrounded by friends - absolutely alone. She wonders if he's thinking about her. And then she berates herself, because it's that type of thinking that got them into this in the first place. Annabeth loves Percy, but she doesn't need him. She can look after herself. And she knows that he's perfectly capable of taking care of himself, too. That doesn't stop her from worrying, though. She violently cuts at her bacon, gripping the hilt of her knife like it's her old dagger. Malcolm watches her for a moment before turning to one of their half-siblings and asking if they finished cleaning the stables that afternoon. The rest of the table goes back to their own conversations. Annabeth breathes a small sigh of relief and lets her shoulders fall. For a second, she thinks that she might make it through breakfast relatively unscathed, after all. Maybe she can do this. But then she feels someone watching her. For a second she thinks - wishes, even - that it's Percy. But when she glances over her shoulder she just sees Piper, still frowning. What's wrong? Piper mouths, half-looking like she's about to get out of her seat and make her way over to the Athena table. Annabeth shakes her head and turns back around, weighing up the pros and cons of leaving early. Pro: She avoids an interrogation, at least temporarily. Con: Keyword, temporarily. She can still feel Piper's eyes on her, and she knows she'll have to deal with her curiosity sooner or later. Later seems like the better option. Just as Annabeth pushes her plate away, Piper appears at her elbow. "You're not avoiding me." Annabeth resists the urge to roll her eyes and instead forces her lips to twitch into a sort of smile. "Wouldn't dream of it." "Hm." Piper sniffs imperiously. "That's funny, because from where I was sitting it looked an awful lot like you were about to run away." Her sort of smile collapses. "I wasn't about to run away . I'm just… busy. I have heaps of things to do today." She pauses for a second, realises this may not be enough, and adds, "Nothing personal." Piper tilts her head to the side, ducking it too low to be comfortable, and Annabeth's hands twitch in her lap. "Where'd you get that bruise?" Piper asks, voice quiet. She hates it, but Annabeth plays dumb. "What bruise?" Piper is unimpressed. "That bruise, on your chin. A lot of my siblings use concealer like it's their life blood, Annabeth, I've learnt how to recognise it. And they blend it a lot better than you, too." "Gee, thanks," Annabeth mutters, fluttering her fingers over the tender spot on her jaw. "It's nothing. One of the new campers had a messy hit yesterday at training." "That definitely wasn't there at the campfire last night," Piper says, eyes travelling over Annabeth's face. Annabeth finds herself dangerously close to a scowl. "Bruises take time to appear." "Not like you to get in the way of a hit, your reflexes are normally pretty fast," Piper presses, voice firmer now. She looks over to the empty Poseidon table and then back to Annabeth, and when she speaks again her words are carefully measured. "The only person I've seen catch you off guard is Percy." The few bites Annabeth took of breakfast threaten to come back up. She stands abruptly, almost pushing Piper off the bench seat in her haste to get away. "Yeah, well," she says as she backs away, because she has to say something in response to that. What, exactly, that something should be, is unfortunately less clear. Her throat feels dry and her jaw is aching - from how she's clenching it or from the bruise, she can't tell. Neither are ideal. "Annabeth," Piper says, reaching out to her. She looks absolutely horrified; The implication of Annabeth's reaction hasn't escaped her. "I'm sorry, I -" "Are you okay?" Malcolm's turned back to her, peering up at her with obvious worry. Annabeth feels trapped. Her face flushes again, and she clenches her hands into fists at her sides to stop them from shaking. "Fine," she says with steely determination. If she keeps telling herself that, it might come true. "I'm perfectly fine. I'll see you later." And then she turns on her heel and exits the dining pavilion, remaining dignified and waiting until she's out of sight before breaking into a run. When one o'clock rolls around, Annabeth is waiting in the arena for her scheduled training session with the newer campers, hands on her hips and eyes stormy. She looks completely composed. Everything that happened at breakfast has been pushed to the back of her mind, and Annabeth Chase, Head Counsellor, Architect of Olympus, all round arse kicker, is back in control. The new campers file in, jostling each other as they form a loose line in front of her. When they notice her expression, they still. The power she has over them provides Annabeth with a strange sort of comfort; if she can still terrify people into silence with nothing more than a look, then she can't appear as weak as she feels. "Last week I gave you some new manoeuvres to practice," she says. One of the younger campers visibly gulps. Annabeth steps aside, gesturing for them to move further into the arena. "Pair up and show me what you've learned." They do so, and she prowls between the pairs, observing them as they spar. She's harsher on them today than she normally is. She critiques every aspect of their technique, nit-picking issues with their stance and their grip. When one boy, a scrawny son of Demeter named George, takes a particularly wide swing, she grabs his arm and roughly repositions it. "No, like this." She emphasises her point by shaking his arm a little. She's inexplicably angry over what is, really, just a stupid little mistake. But something about it feels important; Annabeth feels on edge, uncomfortable with any and all signs of weakness. "If you hold it out like that you're completely exposing your side. You're practically asking your enemy to kill you." George is staring up at her, red flushing up his neck and across his cheeks. "You're – uh, you're hurting my arm," he squeaks. Startled, Annabeth immediately lets him go. White indentations mark his forearm where her fingers had been, and her breath catches in her throat. A memory of the night before flashes to the front of her mind - marks exactly like the ones on George's arm, branded onto Percy's skin where her hands hold him, trying to pin him down and push him away. He runs his fingertips over them later in the night, tracing the pattern of her hold on him. "We're never going to make it out, are we?" "-beth. Annabeth!" She comes back to herself just in time to dodge a strike from a spear. It flies past her left shoulder and imbeds itself in the dirt a few metres away, wobbling at the