Chapter 1- From Almost Capsizing to a Hot Altercation EPOV I jogged through two hundred feet of calf-deep snow at the side of the road, to where tracks went over the side. The Camaro had continued its uncontrolled slide off the road, dropped about fifteen feet, and slammed dead center into a fair sized pine tree. The front end hugged the tree, keeping the vehicle from falling into the gorge. It was on a greater incline than my Wrangler with only one lone pine to hold the much heavier vehicle. I could not see anyone moving or trying to get out. Fuck this isn't good. Not that I could see anything really; the snow was spilling down so aggressively if I were to extend my arm forward it'd be lost in the cascading blanket of snow. "Damnit," I spat while lowering myself cautiously down the hillside to the driver's door. God, what if there are teenagers, a family with kids in this car? What if they are dead? I can't deal with this shit right now, I have to get them all out. I can't just leave them here, sooner or later the pine tree is gonna give way and goodbye permanently to whomever is in this vehicle. I rubbed my jacket sleeve against the window to wipe away the snow covering the sleek surface and to my own surprise did not find a family with kids. Thankfully. Instead I found a bewildered woman who was probably in her early twenties. The moonlight was bliss for me, I could see clearly if she was hurt in any way. Blood trickled down the side of her stunning face from a cut across the top of her left brow. The seat belt looked locked and snug around her navy blue pea coat. Her almond shaped pools of honey suckle colored eyes were heavy lidded and darting around. Her eyebrows pulled down and her forehead wrinkled. "My holy ghost." I couldn't even believe that this was even happening. And fuck it is cold. But somehow it's hotter than the hinges on the gates of hell. I reached for the door handle and struggled with the process of actually getting the door open. I tried about seven times and my efforts seemed to be useless. Meanwhile the woman in the car was still gazing around, oblivious to what has just happened in the span of a few minutes. I realized that with the fender pushed back over the seam of the door that I really had to pull hard to get the son of a bitch open. I wedged my boot again the edge of the fender, gripped the door handle, and yanked as hard as I could. The muscles in my arms stretched and almost fell limp before the metal screeched in protest. "God damnit!" I shout at the door. I seriously did not wanna have to do this. I bawled up my fist that was covered in the brown and green glove that my grandmother had knitted for me over four years ago. My fist flew towards the window and was unsuccessful at my initial intentions. "GAH FUUUU—" I covered my mouth with my sore hand. "Mmmmphhh! Shit fucking, cocksucker!" Mother fucker that hurt like a damn bitch! I am sure I had to have broken my knuckle trying that shit. I paced back and forth quickly getting a grip. I had to concentrate on getting this woman out of the damned car, later I will check to see if I broke my knuckle. I had to find a better method; the glass of the window didn't even crack. Back to plan A. I had to try and yank the door open again. I wrapped my left hand around the handle and my aching right hand rested firmly on the arch of the driver's door. I jerked backwards and heard the door shriek as it fell open. God almighty thank you for adrenaline I thought I lost all of my strength at tonight's performance. I duck my head under to search through the car, for a second I didn't really know what I was searching for until I stared at her for a moment and realized that she was still bleeding. I needed to find something to press against her to at least stop the bleeding. I rummage through the glove compartment and console assembly; I grasp a white papery napkin and press it against her wound. "Hey." I figure I might as well try to get a word out of her, make sure she doesn't have a concussion or something. Very quickly I begin to realize that with the door wide open and the windshield busted the warmth from the interior was quickly escaping. I acted speedily and unbuckled her seat belt and gently moved her over as I did so the napkin dropped from her forehead onto the cool ground outside. I slid into the car beside her, pulling the door closed to preserve any heat that I could. She seemed to be very light. Then again I'm not the weakest guy so. I carefully brushed a few strands of what seemed to look like black hair from her delicate face as she grumbled something too low for me to hear. I went to go grab the napkin but remembered that it had fallen onto the ground outside. "Fuck." I rolled my eyes. I pulled up my jacket and ripped off a chunk of my yellow Queen t-shirt. I went back to tending to the lovely woman who was pretty much completely disoriented beside me. I pressed the cotton against her cut above her brow. I was trying my best to remember what to do for a head injury. Which is absolutely nothing. I am at a loss, the closest I've ever come to giving someone any type of medical attention was when me and Emmett were at a bar down in Talihina and some jackass cracked a bottle over his head for flirting with his 'woman'. Of course Emmett's a big guy so he didn't go down. But he did get a mean cut. Her eyes were searching the ceiling of the car, wandering aimlessly. "Shit, what am I? Do I look like a fucking doctor?" I spoke to myself, attempting to calm the anxiety that was creeping up overwhelmingly. "They're always ready for some shit like this. I'm not. Com'on Cullen, stay calm get your shit together." I moved closer to her taking in the scent of fresh pines and lavender from the befuddled woman beside me. It smelt so refreshing, so natural and fresh. "Miss?" I breathed against her ear hoping to get something outta her mouth that made some sort a sense. I wanted to bring her back to coherence long enough to find out who she was or where she lives. Hopefully she did not live that far away. I hadn't even checked to see if the Wrangler was in good condition to drive. I just practically sprinted out to come down here. I need to get her some help. My phone! Duh dipshit. I searched my pockets with one hand and quickly realized that it was gone. I probably didn't realize that I dropped it once I got out of the car after it spun out of control and stopped on the side of the slippery road just inches away from the hill. I shook my head thinking about how this all began. "Nah guys I can drive home, it ain't that bad out! Shit I'll be alright!" I say aloud. None of this would have happened if I would have not been stubborn and just take the bus home with the guys. Fucking idiot! I pressed firmly against the material I held to her brow and sighed. I'll just check for my phone when we go back out to get to my car. An adorably quiet moan escaped the beautiful woman's lips, startling me from my own thoughts. I ran my unoccupied still throbbing hand through my hair and placed my mouth close to her ear. "Ma'm?" "Oh, my—" She says in a soft voice and turns towards me. "You're awake? Already?" She just stared at me with those gorgeous eyes. But in those eyes I saw something that unnerved me deeply. Trepidation. She gave a startled cry, sliding away from my touch, pushing my hand away and suddenly I felt empty. What the hell? I watched with a bewildered expression on my face, or at least that's the expression I felt I was giving her as she grabbed the handle of the passenger side for, tugging and scratching at it frantically. Her knit gloves would not allow her to get a good grip on the handle, her hands continuously slipping from the metal lever. My hands went up, palms facing in her direction. "Calm down." I want to try and hold her, I was becoming more worried that she would hurt herself further as she pulled with futility at the door handle. I couldn't help but smirk at her awkward position. She just looked too damn cute. "Sam please!" She sobbed in breathless terror, using what seemed to be the last of her strength to pound her fist on the glass. My smirk disappeared as I realized that she really thought that I was someone else. Trust me honey you're not getting through that. She let out a strangled cry before losing consciousness falling back against the passenger door. Suddenly I hear a crunching sound as the car lurched violently to the side, my asshole clenched so hard as the car swung around the tree about a foot. I shout grabbing the woman with one hand as my injured one goes up in front of us before it stopped. Shit shit shit shit! Please don't fall, please, please, please. It became quite clear that gravity had no intentions on answering my silent prayers. This car wasn't going to be cooperating with my thoughts, I had to get this woman and myself out of this car before we both fall to our deaths. I tugged on her, leaning her against my chest. My heart was thumping so loudly as I snatched her bag from the floor, placing it on her lap. Carefully, I pushed myself backwards towards the door, gently dragging the girl along by her coat. I figured leaping out of the car rapidly would do me no good assuming that the car would react to the jarring movements by reeling down, as much as I really wanted to just go all 007 at this point. Even with the anxiety pinching at every nerve in my body I tried my absolute hardest to concentrate on moving as slowly as I could. Pretty fucking daft of me to climb in here in the first place. Her struggle before had apparently upset the balance of the vehicle and I had no intention of making it any worse that it already was. Which was pretty damn bad. I reached behind my back, pushing the door open as slowly as I could while holding onto her. With the angle that the car was at now it was nearly impossible to open the door. After about five tries I gave up doing this the careful way and decided I seriously didn't want to die today. I turned giving the door a good shove, it sprang all the way open. I jammed my boot against it to keep the door from rebounding closed again. "Ahk, fucking Christ!" I cursed as the car shifted again towards the gorge. I held my breath for what felt like hours until the car was stable enough for us to try and get out. I slid out of the Camaro, planting my boots as firmly on the snowy hillside as I could and praying to God as I dragged the girl across the seat that somehow he could grant me the serenity to