Hey! I'm delighted if ya clicked onto this story to read. Nothing juicy happens yet in this chapter haha, suspense is the best. But this story is probably going to be around 12-20 chapters maybe. Just writing it all is going to take time. But this is my draft of the first chapter. Pretty much in a whole this is about Leah running away from home after a blow out with Sam and the pack. Seth helps her by calling up Josh in Boston about hiding out Leah. Josh agrees happily. Then the drama begins! Okay so this is going to take place probably around season 2ish of Being Human. So like after Aidan and Josh kill one of the twins. So yeah, hopefully ya'll enjoy it! If not don't send me death threats. But I thought this pairing would be weirdly cool. I don't know hadn't seen anyone else do it so hopefully it ain't too bad. This is just gonna be my spin on things. It isn't going to follow the exact plot of Being Human (u.s) sooo don't have any expectations lol. This is written in first person and will be switching from Leah's POV to Aidan's POV. Thought it would be better that way So yes! Let this journey begin! I do not own the characters! Chapter 1 .L. I was feeling so skeptical and judgmental when I got the hint from Seth that there was some guy up in Boston that could help me hide out. Well…the information was sort of vague and off-putting. He only gave me a name and address. Heard of this guy a few months back when those twins went to Boston. Seth is such a sweetie though; I've always taken care of him. So he kind of owes me, he wouldn't recommend a place for me to stay if the mutt living there was a complete and utter maniac. Approaching him with the idea of running away was harder though. Those huge grief stricken walnut brown eyes that were now puffy with tears streaming down his cheeks. I thought to myself, thank goodness I waited for early morning when everybody was out to hunt and mom was at the market. He sobbed into my shoulder for such a long time. I remember telling him that I wanted to leave and after the pleading for me not to go through with it after the banter of him cracking wise ass jokes thinking that I was only kidding. He finally realized that I was being 100% serious and did a complete 360. He had fallen into my arms, this kid is pretty huge so I fell right on down with him. His cries made me break down with him. Broken cries were muffled by each others shoulders. "Lee—" his cries broke even further into the abyss of my own mind. I was causing his pain, I was the one to blame for this. He's my brother, there will always and forever be an unspoken bond between us. If he is to hurt then God dammit I will too. "You can't," he strained himself trying to get the words out. "Sam will hunt you down." I caught up with my mind and breathed out, "I don't care." I cupped his gentle face in my hands and wiped the tears away with my thumbs. Brushing them away while letting the corners of my lips go upwards into a shaky smile. "I see nothing here for me anymore, I'm done with the bullshit, Seth." He shook his head quickly trying to forget what I just told him. I hushed him hearing him groan a bit as if he were in pain which just broke my heart. "You don't understand, and no one will. But I don't want to live like—" "So you want to live as a fugitive? A runner?" Seth questioned. His eyes stayed on mine, soft and solemn. I sighed and wrapped my arms around his neck and head. He nestled against my chest like a little child would with his mother. "It isn't like that…" I continued, "I need to get away from here, I can't take the emotions. The feelings I get whenever Sam yells at me, what he did to me." Those last few words were spoken in mere whimpers. I struggled to breathe, feeling the sting of new tears approaching my eyes. "I love you so much, Seth…You can not tell anyone," I ordered softly. Finally he sits up. "Is there anything I can do to convince you not to do this?" He rubs the sleeve of his shirt along the snot covering his upper lip. I looked down and bit my lip so hard. I felt the liquidy, coopery tasting liquid pour into my mouth. I shake my head so slow and can't even bare to look him in the eye anymore. Seth leaned back, his elbows resting on his knees. "I can fix what happened with Sam—" "And do what Seth?" I asked, shooting a defensive glare in his direction. "And every bit of tension will just go away?" I lifted a palm and let it fall to the floor. "I can try to fix this! You're my sister, Lee…You've protected me, now let me—" "The only way you can help me is by not telling anyone that I'm planning on leaving," I said as swiftly as I could. We sat in silence for a moment. Seemed like forever till Seth spoke firmly. "I'll help you." We cried so much together. I didn't want to hurt Seth, out of all people. But telling him made me feel better. I did not want him to wake up one morning and see that I'm not there, with not even a note telling him I'm sorry. It was better this way. But the whole leaving part wasn't planned very well. Wasn't supposed to leave for another month. But I swear if I had been stuck in that pack for one more day, to look at Sam for just another second after all of the bullshit I swear I would have tried to kill him. So I packed everything accordingly and left on what felt like the most somber night of my life. I was already nervous, still shaking at this point. I trust Seth of course, he's the only one I've got…but this Josh was just some mutt that was just willing to help me? I am almost sure that he is going to want some sort of cash up front type of thing or even sex for me to stay with him. I was jittery and angry. I could not stop fidgeting on the way here. I couldn't use any type of credit cards or go anywhere where there was a camera. Sam had connections, he could easily find out where I am in less than a day. So while blocking out my thoughts I got as far away from the main grounds as possible and left on a full moon and running halfway there in wolf form was the only solution to that while covering up my trail. Hiding my scent with shredded wolfsbane in my backpack that I taped to my leg, the smell of that shit was enough o make me rot on the inside. But the determination to get away was enough to bare it. I had to hitch hike the rest of the way only to get picked up by some geezer that was more than happy to drop me off at a Boston motel. I want to be free, and away from the pack. I couldn't do it anymore. Being around Sam and Emily. Just everyone in general made me sick. I choose living in a sketchy motel that reeked of rotting flesh, than being back home. Being told what to do by the weak minded individuals that reigned over me. "Ugh," I sighed plopping down on the musty bed. At this moment I wished that I had a black light. But I was happy nonetheless considering I really didn't want to know what I was laying on. I could already smell it. I could hear my stomach growling impatiently. I was too apprehensive to stop and grab anything to eat. I simply forgot, was too busy thinking. I sat up, rubbing my face as I did so staring over at the stuff I lugged cross-country with me. I mean, I couldn't bring everything but I sure as fuck tried to. I have much more self control that the guys I feel. I didn't have much before but now I do. Don't just change when I get mad so I've invested some of my time online shopping. I have a shit ton of clothes and shoes. Most of which I had to leave behind, but I carried the ones I loved most. Getting up from the nasty bed was hard enough, but I was just way too hungry. I slipped on my burgundy stacked heel knee high boots and changed into a fresh white sweatshirt. "Fuck, the struggle is real…"I grumbled to myself while grabbing some money and hiding the rest under the sink in case someone broke in. Never really can trust places like these. .A. "You know how weird you look right now?" Josh asked. His hands resting on his hips. I rolled my eyes and glanced back out the window. What? I was on edge, I can't handle too much at once. Killing off that werewolf wasn't necessarily what had me on edge. It's just that they had connections, how am I supposed to know that one of those purebreds aren't out there now. Then again…I could smell those bastards from a mile away. "Get off my back," I hummed. "You need to get out more," Sally reiterated with a grimace. I tilted my head towards her. "That sounds great! Actually we could go to Hibachi, you can come…" I was staring at Josh now with furrowed brows. "…watch me eat?" He said slowly, pausing briefly between every word. I stayed quiet pondering for a moment… "Sure." I shrugged. The entire way there I was trying to convince Josh to just go to the Chinese place near that broken down motel. Maybe I could sneak off and find a bite to eat there. "That place is infested with rats; have you smelt it in there?" He went on to complain. I kept smiling and laughing at his smart aleck comments but continued on with my persuasion. "The location and smell is a little sketchy—" He scoffs, "a little?" I back tracked and decided to change my words up a bit. "Okay…it's very extremely sketchy, but still I picked up food for you from there last week, remember?" Josh pondered, his mouth slowly dropping open. "Holy crap, no way." I nodded quickly laughing. "Okay, okay, we'll go there." Perfect. We arrived at the place no less than ten minutes later, grabbing the seat closest to the bar. It was shockingly sort of full tonight. I leaned back in my chair as Josh was ordering his meal. Once he came back and sat down we began speaking about Nora. I felt like this was probably the best opportunity I would get to express my sincerest condolence about Julia. "You know…I am sorry about Julia, I never really got to talk to you about that," I said in a very hushed tone. I saw his expression change to sort of solemn. He looked like he almost didn't know what to say. Probably horrible timing to do that. Fuck. I shook my hands in a forget it type of manner, "Sorry, I didn't mean to—" "—Nah," Josh said. "It's fine, at least I know she is fine now. She got her door, so…" I widened my eyes and nodding pursing my lips. He shook his head and looked down chuckling a little, "anyways…you aren't concerned about Sally after that whole poltergeist reaper thing—" I