POTTER Draco's sneering right at me and this is nothing like the boy I saw yesterday. My spectacle in Potions shouldn't have provoked him. I don't want to have to encounter this person again- He's more Malfoy than Draco right now- ever. He's sneering and I think of licking the expression off his face. Licking his lips and sucking on his lower lip. Then tugging on his chin with my teeth. Merlin, I'm disturbed. He's got an arm pressed effortlessly on the wall and another in his pocket. His legs are leaning; he's leaning. He's standing closed off to me, and I can't tackle him again like I did yesterday- all I could do next is strike him. That's not what I want. I think he calls me a halfwit again. I'd damned well respond but this vexation is building glass around me. I want to talk about what we did, because I think if I don't, he's going to behave as though we didn't do anything and it's going to drive me insane. But I can't find my words, and at that moment, I agree with him. He's sliced my wits neatly in half and stolen both the pieces. 'Potter.' He's drawling. His voice is so lazy, so lazily mellifluous I think if I stop breathing and thinking and seeing, I'll be able to feel it slither achingly against my ears. He's using his voice in the exact way it disarms me. He's got me too fucking bad. We have the rest of the day- till dinner- left. Our batch can summon food straight to our quarters, so I'm not worried about making it late. I'm worried about him carrying on. Carrying on as we were. I can keep him here without interruption for as long as it takes. But I need to talk. I need to make him talk. It couldn't have been an accident- he let me lean in, let me touch him, and kissed me so intensely he was breathing me in. he can't deny what we did. I'm thinking of what to say but all I can think is right now, he's breathing me out. I might run out of time. He kissed my scar and kept touching, kept smoothing my hair all while telling me how long he's waited for this. I want to meet that boy again. The one in front of me's got his other face on. He's sneering and smirking and smiling all at once with his lips' left corner pulled dramatically up and his teeth showing just a little. I want to push his arm- his arm that's keeping me out- away and open his lips up. He looks bored now- more than usual. Malfoy this year has been always smiling, always holding himself the right way, always looking more indifferent and casual. But he looks happier. He seems kinder. Not with me, not till yesterday. But I can't count how many good things I've seen him do for other people in the last 5 months. He's had civil, even humorous interactions with Ron. He's paired up with Hermione for a debate on trolls. But he's a piece of shite with me. He's still smiling, still got his eyes dancing around searching for people's souls, but he's continuing our banter. It's friendlier now. Like his life doesn't depend on it. Like it doesn't matter to him as much. He insults me and undoes me but he's doing it for fun. Like we have a secret- we do now- and that's what's killing me. I don't want to remember the way we were around each other, about and with each other before yesterday. I don't need a single memory before yesterday. I' m still in the same position as I was 10 minutes ago, still standing still and straight. He's changing angles. I shift so I'm against the wall. I lean my weight onto the wall and push myself down, so I'm slumping. I don't know why I do it. I avoid Draco's gaze-(Malfoy's gaze?) but I know his face has softened. I can feel him going soft round the edges- there are no angles here. Apart from his nose, and jaw and hairline and lips and fuck. He's dropped down too. Our sides are touching and I want to yelp. His hands are on his thighs- his legs are spread on the floor lazily while mine cross at the knees. The only thing alive about me is the pulse threatening to surface from inside my palm- he's eating the rest of me away. And the only contact we have is our sides. I want to yelp. Draco yelps. It's more of a sigh. I jerk my neck and the only thing I can even focus on in my vicinity is his face. Merlin be damned, I want to bite his lips. He's looking right through me and he's so much more of yesterday than he's been the last (20?) few minutes. His eyes are darker. I think they get darker when he looks at me. I noticed it when he was holding himself up on top of me yesterday. He's licking his bottom lip. His nose has light hitting it from the windows, more light than the rest of his face. It's so sharp. His forehead is creasing and I register him blankly saying my name- Harry- and he's only just saying it. There's no drawl. His eyes catch focus before I can stare at him more- and I avert my gaze. 'What do you want to talk about? You do have something to say, don't you, Potter?' he's only halfway succeeding in sounding unaffected. I think it's me doing this to him. his eyes darken a little more when I look at him straight, and I move onto him. I shift and I'm somehow sitting on him now. He's still breathing me, and he inhales with a jerk and I feel myself being pulled closer to him- almost chest to chest. 'Call me Harry again.' But I've barely gotten the words out. He doesn't. he leans into the arc of my left shoulder, and rubs his nose against the base of my neck. I repeat myself. There's nothing else I want now. He rubs again, and then withdraws, quickly. He stares at me all while biting and licking his lower lip. His mouth's open. I repeat myself again. He looks at me a little clearer, grabs my wrists and before I realize he pushes me away and gets up. Draco brushes his hands on his thighs- trying to belittle me, maybe. I'm certain I haven't dirtied him. 'Merlin, who knew Harry Potter was queer? Falling for me, aren't you now,' he smirks and I melt, 'well, I'm flattered.' He leaves and I turn away because knowing he turned back is worse than seeing he didn't. Merlin fuck . This boy is my own fucking void. I'm going to get sucked up into him and I'm going to float in him but he's so dark and so confusing and so unclear I can't see anything. It'll be like being in nothingness. I don't know what he is. But I want this snogging, kissing, touching. And I need it all from Draco Malfoy. MALFOY I can't sodding believe myself. I was going to be difficult. There were going to be no signs at all of yesterday. Instead, Potter sits on me. Merlin's beard . And I enjoy it till I remember. I was thinking of moaning his name into his neck and of pulling him closer to me and of pulling my knees up so I had him where he'd stay. I was thinking of making him pull at my lips again. Of making him bite and bruise my neck again, on top of yesterday's marks. I don't need to think about this. I don't need to ruin him. I can't be his end anymore. I can't be his. I can't. So I find myself making out with Serena – 6th year, Hufflepuff- an hour later. Because I like a bloke and he's Harry Potter and I just can't do this because if I do I won't be able to resist ruining him. That's one thing Father's right about. The urge to destroy. Instead, I'm trying to think of heterosexual, non- Potter urges. But the problem is, these urges don't bite me or bruise me or suck at my lips after licking them like I do. They don't have a penis. They feel wrong when they sit on me and they give up control. There's no fight for it. No heat. This is dull, dull dullness that's kissing me. I can't even grade Serena on attendance. She's more or less- apart from moving her tongue on mine and holding my side- lying still so I can have my way with her. Where's the bloody fight for dominance? But, hell, all I need is a distraction. This one has soft breasts and an empty mind but it has to do. A few minutes later, I find I don't quite like those soft breasts against my chest. Another few minutes and I have her kneeling down, sucking and stimulating my dick. I'm thinking of Potter. I'm imagining him right there, with his dark hair a mess, taking me in and out much better than Serena's doing. I picture him doing me the right way. He's grabbing my ass to pull me closer to him and he's taking in my entire length. Even in my mind, I'm creating a monster. When I'm done with Serena- disgusting, isn't it? How casually I talk about this? But I'm trying to be better and if better means getting girls laid, I'll take it. – I insist on dropping her off to her common room. I know where the Hufflepuff commons are because Vince accidentally went in there after this girl when we were going to the kitchens. She blushes and smiles and reddens like I've not just shagged her raw. I smile my most genuine one. I think I mean the smile. I too needed the sex. I've felt so much lighter this year with Father out of my life, I think I've changed into someone else. Someone who likes blokes named Harry Potter. And on my way back, I stop and head towards the pitch. I want to be somewhere open right now. No one's here this time of the night. The sky's dark and there are more stars towards us than there are up higher. There's a small breeze that welcomes me by blowing hair into my face and I can see someone flying. Dark haired. Merlin, he's everywhere. I'm going to go off into the side without him noticing. Then, I'm going to lie down at the sides of the pitch and pray he finds me and talks to me before making me sit on his broom with him and embracing me in the air. It's a plan. I couldn't even Apparate if I wanted to, so after a moment of thinking I sprint towards the far side , where the grass, somehow, looks duller. But he finds me before I've lain down and prayed. POTTER I can hear footsteps- hurried footsteps- and I stop my broom and look down. Hair silver as mist, spraying from his head on all sides. He's jogging. And there's no other reason at all besides my natural impulse to go after him. I fly down in front of him and wait a second. He's catching his breath- somehow, I don't think it's from running. His hair looks like someone's been playing with it. His lips look swollen- and darker. I push suspicions away and greet him. he asks me why I'm flying so late at night. He runs his hands on his hair and looks around, confused. He has the slightest blush on his creamy, pale cheeks. 'I can't sleep. I actually haven't since day before.' I get