Disclaimer : I do not own LotR. Warning : Keep in mind the genre. So, here's another one-shot to add to my ever-growing collection. -.- I really need to get some multi-chaptered ones goin' on. I do have one in progress. n.n Well, let me know what ya think, alright? Enjoy. n.n Without You Estel pushed an unsuspecting Legolas into the river. The blonde came up, sputtering and yelling at the human, golden hair matted to his face in disarray. Estel fell to the ground laughing hysterically. … He sat in a tree, peering out at the land before him, on the lookout. Estel suddenly popped up next to him, startling him. The sound of laughter rang loudly as Estel threw his head back. "I told you I could do it!" he said with mirth, grin gracing his features. … Estel, Elladan and Elrohir advanced towards him with maiden's clothing, make-up and accessories, a wild gleam in each of their grey eyes. He ran from his friends, knowing them and that glint all too well. Finally, he was caught and forced into submission. The three laughed as they inspected their work while Legolas stood there in a purple dress, ribbon in his hair, holding it up, his warrior braids still in place, make-up appropriately. Tears streamed down their faces as they could do nothing to stop their continuous laughter. … Estel threw a bucket full of ice-cold water on him while he was resting before the fireplace after a long ride from Mirkwood. He jolted wide-awake and chased after the human once over his initial shock as he shouted in anger. … Estel threw food at him, at first in anger, and then in jest as he realized what he had done. His frown turned into a mischievous grin. Legolas ducked but that did nothing when Elladan and Elrohir came up from behind and smashed food in his hair. … Estel pulled him close, wrapping an arm around his shoulder caringly, whispering soothing words as he leaned into the man for comfort. The fire crackling behind them, the only witness to the tears Legolas shed. … Estel smiled sadly down at him and he pressed his fingers against the wound in his side as it kept bleeding. Estel frantically tried to stop it and clean the injury, hoping that Legolas would stay with him. … Estel smiled at him as he threw more firewood on the dwindling fire. The human sat down next to him after, talking to him animatedly, a wide smile on display. … Estel's face crumpled in pain as he jumped in front of him, taking the arrow that had been aimed at his heart. The young man collapsed to the ground soon after, killing a warg and the orc rider. He fell to Estel's side, tears threatening to fall at the sight of the grave injury. The man forced a weak smile, face already pale, breath labored as he held his hand over the wound. … Estel. Estel… Legolas sat in a chair, hunched over, staring listlessly at the still form of none other than Estel. The poison too strong; the blood loss too great, Elrond had said, trying to keep himself together. Even then, he had blinked and the tears fell… and ran faster when Legolas had collapsed, screaming. Legolas had paid little attention to anything after that. All his mind could focus on was Estel: the memories they shared, the good and the bad, the frightening and hilarious, the laughter and tears, the blood and sweat. Now, there was only silence. And the tears would flow again. The loving smile was forever erased from the handsome face, pale from death. The emotional, deep silver eyes always filled with warmth now forever covered, closed to the world. The gentle, healing hands, never to touch or soothe again. All of it, gone. The images of past mishaps played again and again, limitless. All of the times one—if not both—of them should have died. However, it had come to pass; Estel was no longer with them and would never be again. A tear trailed down the elf's beautiful face, stricken by his best friend's death. He leaned forward, grasping a cold hand in both of his. Darkness surrounded the two, the only light a candle in the corner of the chamber, Legolas refused to leave his friend's side. The faint glow of the wood-elf growing dimmer as the minutes passed, his carefree attitude having already left with the shine that was once in his sky-blue eyes. "How could you leave me, Estel?" he whispered wetly, against the hand held close to his lips. To feel a beat beneath his fingers, to see breath rise once more, to hear a snide remark… But it would never be so. Indeed, he did not even get a response; not so much as a twitch. "Estel, mellon-nin, I cannot…" trailing off, he pressed the calloused hand to his forehead, tears moist against the skin. The mortal had become a huge part of his life; one of the most important, without Estel… He had known he would lose the dark-haired man. He had known, but he hadn't thought it would be so soon, so sudden. Valar, what had he done? Estel had taken the arrow for him ! He should have protected the young man, should have been more attentive. He hadn't even been able to say goodbye to him, for he had still been unconscious from a deep wound to his abdomen and a gash on the back of his head. He couldn't even protect his best friend! Estel had carried him to Elrond while he had ignored his own weeping wound. "Forgive me," he said softly, voice thick with tears as he ran his fingers gently through the dark hair. The liquid continuing its silent trail down his cheeks, leaving dark splotches on Estel's tan clothes. Legolas didn't know what to think anymore. He knew he couldn't keep his promise he had made to his best friend years ago. Estel had been near-death—if they had been any later in treating him, he would have died—and they had been trapped in the snow, the man had been bitten deeply by a warg and it had become infected. When he had thought there was no chance of survival, Estel had made Legolas make a promise. " Legolas," Estel rasped, licking his dry lips. The elf immediately straightened and leaned over his friend, listening intently. " What is it, mellon-nin?" he inquired softly, a warm smile on his face filled with sorrow at the hopelessness he felt. " I-I want you to make a promise," the man managed each word with a struggle. Legolas' breath caught in his throat, having a horrible feeling grip his heart. He nodded for the human to go on, though the stormy eyes had closed. Still, Estel continued, "I want you to promise me that you shall go on." The golden-haired prince shook his head in confusion, though dread raged with hope. "Estel, I do not understand." He refused to. " After I die…" the human said, his already quiet words getting quieter as they trailed off, causing Legolas to become alarmed and shout his name when no reply was given at first. " You will live. You are going to," Legolas firmly stated, fully believing it, though he wasn't sure if it was because of the despair already crushing him or if he truly thought he would pass the night; if he could make it until help arrived. The silver eyes opened again and the archer noted pain, sadness, determination, strength, but the glaze covering the usually shimmering eyes was lost. "Promise me." And the eyes said it too. Legolas nodded again, tears quick to fall. "I promise." Now he knew, however. He knew how badly he had lied. He knew just how important Estel had been and was. He knew how foolish, how ungrateful he had been for all the times they had barely escaped. He knew what Estel looked like when lost. He knew far more than he wanted. Nearly three millennia and he had never met anyone like Estel, son of Elrond, brother of Elladan and Elrohir, bringing joy back into everyone's hearts after the loss of their mother and wife; even with his own mother's death. Estel had always put everyone else's lives above his own. Always. Right up until the end, the end that had been far too soon, especially for one such as him. Legolas laid his head down on the still chest that would never rise again. He shut his eyes tightly, tears squeezing through. That was how Elrond found him, though he had fallen asleep, eyes still closed. Elrond watched the scene sadly before he could bring himself to enter the forlorn atmosphere. It had broken his heart when Estel had been out of his reach; he had thought it would never come to this. To see how it had affected Legolas as the blonde broke down after he had been told the news and had seen the still body had torn Elrond's heart to pieces. It was almost too much to bear and the elf-lord didn't know what to do. He and his sons were greatly affected by the man who had changed their lives—they all were. The twins were consoling each other, being held tight in their other half's embrace. He didn't know what they were going to do now; he didn't know what they could do, for Legolas especially. The prince, being exactly that, had little time to make friends or to become close to someone. He didn't think they could have become any closer with their unbreakable bond—even in death they couldn't be separated. It was because of this that Elrond couldn't move the heartbroken elf from the chambers, death still thick in the air. It was suffocating. The only thing that made him able to stay in there was the despairing young elf and his beloved dead son. Elrond couldn't tear his eyes away from the sorrowful scene; the longer he stared the more he noticed: the entwined fingers, the defeated way Legolas had thrown himself on his friend, the tears. A trail of tears stained the beautiful face; even in the faint cast of the flickering candle, he could see them. The fact that Legolas' own glow had greatly dissipated, did not go unnoticed and he was alarmed by this. He was afraid that he would lose everyone he loved by losing Estel. He missed his youngest terribly and felt the pull of his own grief dragging him down. However, he had to be strong for Elladan, Elrohir and Legolas. The whole of Imladris had been impacted. The halls were filled with silence in place of the laughter; outside elflings no longer ran and played. Estel had been well-known and liked throughout. Legolas had formed the closest bond with the caring man, though. They had been together every possible moment, only separated by Legolas' duties as the Prince of Mirkwood. Elrond sighed heavily and brushed a stray dark-haired strand from in front of Estel's eyes and smiled fondly, sadly, remembering the past years, all the years he had been blessed with Estel. A tear dripped below to his hand; he let the rest fall, unable to stop them and not really caring. ……… When Legolas awoke it was slowly, he found a blanket had been draped over him and he had been moved to sit back in the chair. At first, hope got the best of him and he thought that Estel's death had all been a bad dream. However, his eyes immediately fell on his friend upon fully opening them. He put his hands to his face as if to shield himself from the scene as his elbows rested on his legs. "No! Don't take him!" Legolas shouted distraught, struggling against Elladan and Elrohir. "Legolas," Elrond said softly, a finger to the