Disclaimer : I do not own LotR or any of the characters and am making no money off of this. This was my entry for the Teitho contest, "White Lie"; therefore, obviously, a one-shot. It did not win, but that doesn't matter. I just wrote this in the hopes of getting my muse back, and I did. n.n And me, being the genius that I am, decided to forget to email myself the fourth chapter of Hunted , so I couldn't post it. I still had this with me, though and decided to give you guys something. n.n I really hope you all enjoy it and don't forget to let me know, 'kay? n.n Should Have Known "Legolas, do not…" Aragorn warned, the threat hanging in the air. His hands were held out in front of him as he slowly backed away, watching the mud-splattered blonde closely. "'Do not' what, my dear friend?" the elf asked innocently, continuing his advances. He could barely hold back the laughter that threatened to burst at the sight of the thoroughly muddied human. The young man eyed the huge mud ball in now-brown fingers as the elf came closer. "Come on, Legolas. I thought you said truce?" the human questioned. He didn't really mind the mud, not at all, but with one that size and without an arsenal of his own… That was a different matter entirely. Not to mention he was exhausted, though he'd never confess it. He didn't need Legolas to worry about him any more than he already was. Legolas' arm came back and Aragorn readied himself to dodge. The mud ball came at him and, just as he was about to leap to the side, a sudden fit of coughing attacked him, causing him to lose his balance. Blue eyes widened in shock and horror since he could do nothing but watch as his friend tripped over a large rock and fell into the river behind him in a blink of an eye. Neither had realized they had been so close to the edge, for they had been having so much fun, despite Aragorn's recent protests. What had he been thinking anyway! Of course Aragorn's body was still weakened! Aragorn had spent a week confined to bed due to being extremely ill with a dangerously high fever. When the human had had time to recover after his fever had abated, both he and Legolas thought it was time to get out of bed and into the forest. Elrond still wasn't even allowing Aragorn to leave the walls of their home. After the morning meal, the two friends had somehow convinced Elrond to let Aragorn relax in the garden. That was what they had said at least, while hiding their mischievous glints from their eyes. As soon as they had felt Elrond's gaze leave the hole it had burned into their backs, the two had taken off towards the forest. They had gotten away with it alright, but they were paying for it now. Mirth had instantly abandoned Legolas, replaced by fear and guilt. He wasted no time as he ran to the river's edge, frantically looking for his friend. It took him a moment to find the human, who was either unconscious or too weary to move, for he floated down the river without putting up resistance. Once his eyes fell upon the still Aragorn, he jumped into the swift currents that dared to steal his friend from him. He broke the surface, desperately searching in the direction he had found Aragorn before. Finding the human again, he quickly swam over to him. Grasping Aragorn's wrist tightly, he pulled the lifeless body close to his own, feeling his heart pound against his ribs mercilessly. Legolas brought the ranger out of the water and gently laid him down. The cold water soaked through both of them, deadly to one; harmless to the other. Legolas' fright rose to a new peak when he found Aragorn unconscious and not breathing. A few compressions later, the young man started to cough up water, Legolas immediately turning him to his side so he wouldn't choke. The elf rubbed the man's back soothingly as coughs continued to wrack his body and tear at his already sore throat. After the coughing had ceased, Aragorn was left panting heavily, trying to regain the breath he had lost. He lay their limply, eyes closed. Legolas checked Aragorn for any broken bones or injuries while his friend fought for control over his body. Luckily, no bones were broken. However, he had suffered a sprained wrist and had a slight concussion. It was a good thing the blonde hadn't taken hold of the wrist that had been injured. And here they were without supplies. They really should have known better. "I'm sorry, mellon-nin," Legolas whispered, contritely. He shouldn't have even suggested going to the forest until Aragorn was fully recovered. It was far too late for those thoughts, though. He had to figure out what he could do to help lessen the human's pain. If they had taken supplies to the garden with them it would have been too obvious that they had been up to something. Aragorn, unable to spare the breath, said nothing in return, but weakly shook his head, not wanting his friend to feel guilty over the situation. The blame clearly fell on the both of them. Legolas sighed heavily, still blaming himself, but there would be plenty of time to think about that later. Right then, he just needed to get Aragorn back to Elrond. Explaining this to the elder elf would not be fun. Not at all; he definitely wasn't looking forward to it. The blonde took a quick look around, searching for something that would serve as a splint for the sprained wrist. Once he found a thick, small branch that would have to work until they got back, Legolas took off his cloak. He echoed his earlier sigh as he ripped a strip of the green material. He was surprised that they even had any cloaks left after how many times they ran into trouble. They really should have known better. Wrapping the wrist with the makeshift bandage, Legolas watched Aragorn closely, concerned by his heavy breathing, accompanied by an occasional cough. Was it the sickness again? He needed to get back quickly! The elf also wrapped another strip of cloth around the man's head, for the small wound still bled. Then he carefully picked Aragorn up and started back. He dreaded being back in Elrond's presence, but would not be relieved until he had it either. He really didn't want to explain this to the elf-lord. However, Aragorn needed his vast knowledge in the healing arts. Why did I not study before…? the archer thought reprimanding himself. Legolas soon heard voices shouting their names. The voices were easily recognized: Elladan and Elrohir. He swallowed back a curse as he yelled back at the twins, for he needed to let them know where they were. Lying about their whereabouts had probably frightened them terribly. The guilt weighed heavier, and would have dragged him down if not for the limp body in his arms that was so important. The human was exhausted and he was getting warmer, he noted in concern. "How could—" Elladan started off angrily, but stopped short when he saw his youngest brother still in Legolas' arms, eyes closed. "What happened!" Elrohir immediately questioned when the elder twin's mouth dried up at the sight. "You have been gone for barely an hour!" They had been desperately searching for the two friends for most of that time – since they had noticed them missing. The twins had gone to sit with their still-recovering brother only to find him not where he had said he would be, along with Legolas. They hadn't known what to think so had gone running to their father in a panic. Then they had been sent to find the two. Neither the twins nor Elrond knew if they should be angry or terrified, given Aragorn's condition. The sight they were greeted with most certainly didn't help matters. "…Forgive me," Legolas said again, eyes lowered to the form in his arms. He felt horrible. If he had only listened to Elrond for once. "It matters not," the elder twin said quickly. The two friends would be in for it later when Elrond got to them. All that mattered then was getting the young man in Legolas' arms back to their father. When they exited the forest, Legolas found Elrond pacing worriedly as he waited for the four to emerge. He felt the weight of guilt become heavier once more, even as the elf-lord lifted Aragorn from his arms, wasting no time as he hastened to the healing wing. Legolas' feet automatically carried him after Elrond. He needed to be with Aragorn, needed to make sure his friend would be well. Aragorn had protested against the move from Legolas' arms to his father's, having regained consciousness while the archer had been carrying him. He murmured something about being able to walk on his own into Elrond's chest. It would have been comical if not for the seriousness of the situation. Elrond carefully laid his son down onto a bed in the healing room, not knowing how injured he was. The head wound, along with the wrist were obvious, but he didn't know if there were others. Checking Aragorn quickly, he sighed in relief when he found those to be the only injuries. Closing his eyes, the hammering in his chest returned to its usual rhythm. He had slumped into the chair behind him, so great was his relief. Since Legolas had been carrying him and in such a hurry… Well, that usually didn't bode well for the other's health, especially with the two friends. "Valar, you scared me," he breathed, letting the relief sink in. "Forgive me," Legolas stated again, his shame only growing. The elf-lord looked up at the young elf, who still stood next to him. "I shall talk to you about this later," he said somewhat coldly, but he tried to hide his anger, knowing the guilt the blonde felt was eating at him. Looking back at Aragorn, he vaguely wondered why the man was covered in mud, but let it go. He was sure he didn't want to know. Legolas had lowered his gaze to his hands, unable to even look at Elrond. He snapped himself out of his thoughts when said elf-lord stood and walked over to the table covered in various herbs and supplies. Elrond had already prepared himself when he had first learned of the friend's disappearance. With their reputations, who wouldn't have? Aragorn was trying to get up now, but Legolas gently pushed the human back down. "I'm fine," the young man protested, even with the shortness of breath. "I need not be in bed." He had just gotten permission to get out of bed! Who knew how long it would take until Elrond allowed him to even leave the room now. He supposed he deserved this for lying to his father. "Nay, mellon-nin. Just relax," Legolas soothed. Knowing it would be pointless, Aragorn stopped his struggles. He also felt a lot more drained than he would admit to even himself. The human shut his eyes, trying to will away the pounding headache. A freezing hand placed on his forehead startled him, causing a gasp to escape his parched throat. He realized he had almost fallen asleep. Opening his eyes, he saw Legolas nod to Elrond sadly. At the nod the healer crushed up more herbs and dropped them into the tea. It was hard for him to believe that he had been so tired that he hadn't even heard the words that had been exchanged between the two—possibly even four, if the twins had said anything. Elrohir and Elladan stood on the other side of Aragorn quietly. There wasn't much they