Disclaimer : I do not own LotR. Still. Warnings : Genre. Enough said. I don't know how satisfied I am with this story, but it'll do, lol. I debated long and hard over the ending—I've never had such a hard time deciding, and actually almost did both versions. No. I'm not going to do it now. Don't ask. xD Unfortunately, this is the only thing I've written so far this year. I'm in the process of finding a place to live and will be moving soon. I'm not quite sure about the whole internet thing yet, but… Hopefully I'll get some writing done at least…? Internet's a huge distraction there… Anyway, I hope you enjoy. Let me know what ya think. n.n What Will Never Be Legolas' mouth was set in a grim line as he wiped the blood off his twin knives onto his already stained leggings. His sapphire eyes scanned his surroundings for any moving orcs. His dark-haired companion came up next to him. "That's the last of them," Estel said while he made to clean off his own filthy blade. Legolas nodded in return and turned to him. The man was covered in dirt and dark blood but seemed unharmed. Estel raised an eyebrow at the elf but subconsciously checked him over as well. A smile soon brightened Legolas' features. "'Tis a wondrous day, mellon-nin," he finally said in disbelief as he placed a slender hand on Estel's shoulder. The man chuckled at the prince and shook his head, although he couldn't agree more. It was rare indeed for the two to come out of any fight without one or both of them limping off the battleground. They had been ambushed by the horde of orcs—unable to flee before they had attacked. They often fought orcs but this trip had been one of pleasure, not business. Estel had gone ahead to meet up with Legolas on his way from Mirkwood. When he had gotten the letter from the prince telling of his travels he had thought it would be a pleasant surprise. Indeed, Legolas had welcomed his company, especially after he had sensed the orcs. Estel and Legolas made ready to move out as they gathered their packs and whistled for their horses. Most grateful that both horses were unharmed, the two started back towards Imladris. About four hours of riding later, the two were welcomed with open arms by Elrond, Elladan and Elrohir. "Come, you are just in time for the evening meal!" the elf-lord exclaimed happily. To see them both back and well was a fantastic change. He nearly had the healing wing prepared for them. Estel made a face at his foster father while the twins smiled behind him. "Aye, so I had them delay…" Elrond grinned, a light in his eyes. As soon as the guards of Imladris had seen the two approaching, he had given the word to stall the meal for them. They laughed, everyone in good moods at their safe return. "Let me get Elen settled and then I shall join you," Legolas suggested, patting his mare's neck. "Nonsense. Have the stable hands take care of her for you this night," Elrond demanded, nodding towards two elves that stood nearby. "It's been far too long since we have seen you, penneth." Legolas could only give in to the elder elf's wishes and so Elen was handed over after some affectionate attention. Elrond walked ahead while the twins chatted animatedly about what he had missed. Estel stepped beside him and draped his arm across his shoulders, pulling him close as he laughed, "We are not the only ones to think this a wondrous day." Legolas tilted his head back and laughed, the melodious sound carrying on the wind. … Legolas and Estel had first gone to their chambers to change and wash up before meeting the others for the meal. The meal had been pleasant and had lasted for a couple hours while the five had sat around the table talking. Elrond was pulled away by his duties but he had allowed the twins and Estel to stay by Legolas' side and give him a proper welcome—they were so rarely given, or were given at his bedside. The four moved to the library so the kitchen staff could clean up. They sat by the hearth, the sounds of the fire a soothing background noise as they conversed. The trip had been a long one for Legolas but he had been so excited to be able to catch a break from his princely duties and see his friends that he didn't mind how long they stayed up and talked. Estel, Elladan and Elrohir's voices started to pound in his ears, however, and their faces blurred. He shifted his head slightly and blinked rapidly to clear his vision. He was shocked when the movement sent a stab of pain throughout his skull. He hid his discomfort while trying to piece together the words Elladan now spoke. What a time for a headache , he thought. Estel turned to him quizzically, a worried look in his stormy eyes. Legolas shook his head with a smile, causing him to hide another wince. About another hour passed and the pain had only intensified. He knew he wouldn't be able to hide it much longer. The blonde almost sighed with relief when Elladan and Elrohir stood and told them they were retiring for the night. Estel and Legolas stood as well and walked with them to their chambers before heading to their own. However, when they reached the hall with their chambers, the man placed a hand on Legolas' shoulder. The grey eyes bore into blue darkened by pain. "What is it, Legolas?" he questioned in concern. Legolas started to shake his head but quickly stopped himself. "Nothing, Estel," he automatically replied. At the man's look of doubt, he amended, "Only a headache, mellon-nin." Estel searched Legolas' face before nodding in satisfaction at the answer. "Would you like some tea to lessen the pain?" "Nay, it will soon pass. Hannon le," Legolas said with appreciation. Estel could tell the pain was great by the elf's tight features but didn't pester. He knew the prince's pride, and it was only a headache. The two bid each other a good night and went into their bedchambers. The morning came much too quick for Legolas and he couldn't force himself to get out of bed. The pounding in his head had only grown over night and he felt weak. He groaned as he rolled over, hoping to get comfortable and fall back asleep. He closed his eyes and sighed deeply. … Estel frowned when he glanced at Legolas' empty chair and then at the door, expecting the young elf to enter, apologizing for being late. Elrond followed the man's gaze and met the grey eyes. He saw the worry reflected in them. "Is there something you did not tell us last night?" Elrohir asked the question they were all wondering. This was very unlike Legolas, for he was always on time to the morning meal, getting up early to greet the new day and listen to the birds. A bad feeling grabbed hold of Estel's heart. The man slowly shook his head. "I'm going to check on him…" he trailed off as he stood and hurriedly made his way out the door. The three exchanged concerned glances, and they prayed the prince hadn't kept a wound secret from them. Estel quickly reached Legolas' chambers as he practically ran down the halls so great was his worry. When he stood in front of the door, he forced himself to take a deep breath before opening it. Mayhap he had merely overslept because of his exhausting trip from Mirkwood, he tried to tell himself. He knocked first, expecting a reply. However, when none came, his heart sped up with fear. Without further hesitation, he rushed in and over to Legolas' bed where he quickly found him: his sheets were rumpled and the curtains were even still drawn. It had only been a headache… "Legolas?" His voice came out choked, afraid of what he would find. The only response given was heavy breathing. As he finally got a good look at Legolas a gasp escaped at the sight. The elf's eyes were shut tightly, his brow beaded with sweat, his lips parted slightly as he panted for breath and his cheeks were red with fever. "Legolas!" he shouted, hoping to wake him. He couldn't believe this had happened. He had known something was wrong last night. Had Legolas some wound he didn't know about? He should have pried! All this Estel thought in frenzy as he tore the sheet off the blonde and desperately searched him for an injury. Legolas was unresponsive to his shouts and pleas, and tears pricked his eyes as the guilt consumed him. Estel tried to swallow his panic as he took in his friend, trying to make the healer in him take over. The healer would not have missed this! he thought furiously. He paused in his frantic movements and sprinted towards the door, shouting down the halls until a maid answered. Thankful that she had been close by, he quickly told her to retrieve Elrond immediately—no matter his task. With that done, he was back at Legolas' side. He needed his father. "Estel…" The man jumped at the sound of his own name said so weakly. "Aye, mellon-nin, I am here," he was quick to soothe. The archer's eyes opened and the dull, pained look that consumed the usually bright, cheerful eyes made him almost weep. "Why did you not tell us of the wound? Where is the pain at, Legolas?" he asked, trying to get his friend focused and find where exactly the injury was. He hadn't seen anything on him first glance. "…Everywhere," the prince said through clenched teeth, closing his eyes tightly. Estel looked sadly at his friend and squeezed his shoulder reassuringly. For Legolas to even admit that he was in pain told him a lot, and for him to say that it was everywhere… "I need you to keep your eyes open and stay with me, mellon-nin. Tell me where the wound is," he said gently while trying to inspect the elf. He had looked over Legolas before they had even left from their fight, as had Legolas looked at him. He didn't understand. He had had a headache last night. The man carefully checked the blonde for any cut he may have acquired on his head. Not a scratch. "Lay still," Estel commanded when Legolas suddenly began shifting. However, the young elf didn't listen and kept squirming. "Legolas!" he yelled to get his attention. His friend started to groan between his movements and, especially at the lack of response, fear clenched a heavy fist around his heart. The door burst open. And Estel was able to breathe a sigh of relief at Elrond rushing in. The sight took off some of the edge and he was hopeful. Elrond had brought herbs and bandages and pots and anything he could think he even might need with him since the maid had been very urgent and determined. He dumped everything on a nearby desk and rushed over to the bed. With one glimpse of Legolas it was obvious some type of poison was at play and so Elrond said nothing but started to search with his son to find the infected wound. By Estel's panic-stricken expression he knew his son had no idea where it was located. Elrond tapped Legolas' face and called his name, hoping to get some type of response. He frowned, scanning his pale features while placing a hand on his forehead. "He's been barely conscious since I entered. He's said only my name," Estel informed his father, his eyes never leaving Legolas. "He admitted to a headache last night…" Elrond wrenched his gaze from Legolas at the guilt-drenched words