OOC and slightly AU. Bella and Rose are friends in this version- just because. Post-New Moon; Pre-Eclipse (if the Victoria stuff wasn't happening, I suppose). "Welcome Forks High students to the auction of the year!" a loud and all to familiar feminine voice called over the microphone, eliciting a loud and raucous reply from the audience. I stood amongst them as they howled and exclaimed empty sentences and unguessable words. It was hilarious and ignorant all at the same time. I moved my eyes upward, matching my eyes with Alice's as she flashed a sparkling smile at me from the side of the microphone. Her hair was styled to perfection. Her makeup was clean and precise with a 1950's vibe of black winged liner and vivid rose red lips. Her dress was reminiscent of the age, polka dots and all. I had never imagined Alice would go to such extremes, especially polka dots of all things, but I decided not to question it. It was Alice, after all. And this had been all her idea. Well, hers and Jessica Stanley's. Oh, the technicalities. We were having an auction at Forks High. Not just any auction, oh no, we had to have an Auction a Date type of auction. Now, normally, I would never have any problem rolling out the dough for charity, but this was ridiculous. It wasn't even a fair auction, either. It was all male. The gym was littered and crowded, covered in the heat of body against body. Women were lined up like rats ready for an experiment, each one moving towards the cheese. The cheese being the men, mind you. I was dressed for such an occasion, a date occasion, all courtesy of Alice. My red heels were high, my black dress skin tight and short to mid thigh. My hair was wavy and teased, big and voluminous while my makeup was nice, clean, and utterly boring. Alice had said she was going to that "fresh face" look that Edward loved to much. I had replied that Edward loved my regular face; the one not caked with makeup. She replied with: "Be that as it may, the more we enhance your features, the harder it will be to get him off of you." I mean, does this girl no nothing of Edward's relentless restraint? I rolled my eyes at the thought, meeting Alice's eyes again just in time for her to smile saucily, ready to welcome the first piece- ahem, person- of the auction. "The first man of the night is Robert Carter!" I knew Robert from a distance. He was the star quarterback and built like a brick wall. He had cropped brown hair and high cheekbones. The girls were inviting of him; however, I was far less admirable in my affections for him. "Twenty dollars!" Emily Stanson, a flamboyant Sophomore yelled out the first bid, her short blonde hair bouncing as she hopped on the balls of her feet with her hand springing in the air. "Twenty dollars, first bid. Anyone else?" Alice asked over the mike, taking in the crowd. Robert stood to the side, smiling like the arrogant jerk he is. We had had run-ins with one another quite a few times, him pushing my books away when I fell. That all ended once Emmett got a hold of him, though. "Fifty dollars!" shouted a confident voice. I smirked, not even looking back. Glancing over the guy's form, I knew that he would be one to buy. Fifty dollars more than likely was not going to cut it. "Seventy!" See? And this went on and on, guy to guy. Robert went with a not-so-sparing three hundred and seventy five dollars- for which I found so ridiculous that I actually laughed aloud- Johnathan Miller, sixty; James Fuller, two hundred and thirty; Erik Cripty, twenty-five; Michael Thomas, one hundred; Erik Thomas, his brother, one hundred and fifteen; Sammy Jeffries, forty-five; Carter Heavens, two hundred...as it continued. Just take a guess on which were athletes. I scowled as an extremely high bid of four hundred dollars went up for the star of the basketball team, Gail Thomas. I was disgusted by my own species, my own gender. We gave up dollar signs for the perfect piece, but we never gave it for the beauty in something to work on. Not to say that the men that did not play sports needed any work- none of them did- but they were still categorized differently. They were categorized as less than the sportsman, and I found it degrading. Not only to the men but to us women, as well. Granted, I had gotten, possibly, one of the biggest and most exquisite pieces in this tiny town, it did not lessen my drive to make others feel accepted, despite what they did, who they are, and what they like. That was nowhere near my style. But it fit every other female's description in this school. They were biased to looks and the resemblance to the smallest bit of fame to get in this town. They did not know anyone. I sighed. They all wondered, not so discreetly, about how mine and Edward's relationship had lasted so long, but they never realized that it was simply the knowledge of one another that made us work so well together. I knew everything about him, and he knew everything about me. We talked, and no one else seemed to care to do such a thing in this damn place. "And now, the final three men in the auction." I refocused, almost blindly, as Alice spoke of the final entries. I knew exactly who they were. I repeat, take a guess. I had noticed that, besides Gail's unusually high dollar sign, that the bids had gone down rapidly as the night went on, and it definitely was not for the lack of specific men. It was the wait for the men that pulled the money down. "First up, Emmett Cullen!" Emmett stepped into the light covering the stage, smiling broadly as he overlooked the crowd. Instead of a smug and arrogant smile like Robert, Emmett's was lovable and inviting, engaging. His smile turned into a smirk as I watched a subtle glint enter his eyes. He raised his arms, bending them so his fist were spread over his shoulders. He flexed his expansive muscles. The girls went wild. "Fifty dollars!" "One hundred!" "One-fifty!" "Two hundred!" It continued going, up...up...up. It finally ended when Rosalie materialized beside me, gripping my arm and pulling me through the crowd to the front rapidly. With her skillful maneuvering of both she and myself, neither of us so much as brushed the frantic girls as we sped through them. My brow furrowed as I followed unwillingly. The front few rows were the worst of all, and I was content to remain as far away from them as possible. Despite my qualms, though, I soon found myself standing right in the front row. Emmett's eyes met Rosalie's, and I could almost see the spark between them igniting. It was almost too intimate to watch, but I did not really have anyone better to look. Rosalie gripped my hand. "Three thousand dollars!" she released loudly. Major noises quieted down to dull whispers and almost silent roars. Rose had out bid them all, staking her claim loud and clear. Emmett dropped his arms, smiling with dimples. "Sold!" Alice exclaimed, giggling as Emmett hopped off the stage, going straight to Rosalie. They shared a kiss almost too passionate for the venue as Rose dropped my hand to take both of Emmett's. They separated, looking into each others eyes a moment before stepping close together, their arms moving to wrap around one another as they turned to face the stage. "Next up, Jasper Whitlock!" I chuckled as Jasper came out, dressed like any girl's dream. He was decked out like a seductive cowboy, boots, belt buckle, and all. I had to admit, he looked dashing, but I had something better. Well, to me, anyway. Admittedly, it was arguable, but not entirely so. Not on my account, at least. Again, the bids flew out like they were pulled by gravity. Ah, gravity, thou art a heartless bitch. And from the look on Alice's face, she was soon to act like one. I smirked, shaking my head. She did not seem to think this one through. Finally, Rosalie decided to end her torture...and Jasper's. "Thirty-five hundred! On the host!" she called, pointing a manicured finger at her fifties styled pixie of a sister. Alice smiled sweetly, blowing a kiss to Rose who waved it off as Jasper disappeared behind the stage curtain, his head swiveling as he shook it with an almost unseen roll of his eyes. Now, came the hard part. "Edward Cullen!" He came out, looking even more sexy than usual, if you can imagine such a thing. He was decked out in all dark fabrics. Dark jeans, a black shirt, black docs, and, for the love of all that's a Holy, a leather jacket. I was pretty sure that the rest of the population was drooling along with me. His hair was wild as ever, sticking up in multiple directions. He looked right at me and winked, smiling that crooked shift of his kissable lips that he reserved just for me. I was dazed a second before returning my own goofy smile. "Five hundred dollars!" Jessica called out. There went my smile. I looked to my right, seeing Jessica's hand raised over her head as she took a slight step out of the front line, towards the stage. I blinked, unseeing almost, as she turned her head to me, raising an eyebrow in a powerfully suggested challenge. "Five hundred and seventy-five!" another, far more shrill, voice called out. I kept my head to the side as Lauren stepped up slightly, giving me an even more daring smirk. What was once a stupid idea- the auction, the bidding- was going to turn into a war. I had assumed this would happen. Edward was delectable, I was very aware of this, but I never imagined that I would actually have to dish out this much. I had expanded my limits to spending only two thousand dollars. I had more as a precaution, but if these girls really wanted him, as I was sure they did, they were sure to have quite a dollar sign of money saved up. Neither of them had won all night. Their money was not even tapped into, no matter the amount. I was challenged and possessive . And damn it all if I wasn't even the slightest bit jealous. I glanced up at Edward as the number climbed, no words leaving my lips. He was watching me cautiously, as was Alice, her eyes flickering between me and the bidders. Edward, however, only had eyes for me, but I could see that, with every bid, he was tensing even more. So was I. He did not want me wasting money- he was stuck with me, after all- but he also did not want to have to go on a date with either of those girls. "One thousand, five hundred!" Jessica revealed. "Two thousand!" Lauren countered, smiling smugly as Jess backed down slightly, calculating. My eyes widened. No, no, no! My breathing halted for a second, and I saw Edward's head swivel in my direction from where he had looked at Alice briefly. My eyes were wide, frantic as I glanced from Lauren to Alice to Edward. One was smug, two were worried. "Go on, Bella!" Rosalie clamored to me quietly, pushing her shoulder against mine slightly. "Make your claim on my brother, you flighty vixen!" Emmett growled, patting his head against my back. I stumbled forward, wide-eyed. Edward's eyes locked with mine as Alice counted down on the number. "Two thousand. Going once!" No, this isn't right. My line was two thousand dollars. Edward didn't want me to spend