Disclaimer: Any and all characters or affiliates showed in this piece of work are owned by the author, etc. and not myself. This is not a source of copyright infringement. -In other words, I'm playing and don't own jack ^_^ Also, I am writing this on information that I have studied but can only recall from memory. As such, some things may be wrong and/or out of order. I will check the big subject areas; otherwise, everything is written from memory, and I apologize for all mistakes. Enjoy! Happy reading! :) Jasper's POV (1776-New York) I rolled my eyes and groaned as the boy beside me dropped backwards, eyes wide open. I sighed, placing my gun beside me as dirt flew up as the cannonball planted into the ground. Damn, they were good aiming men, that's for sure. I shook my head, bending over the poor boy's body and ripped the necklace from his neck. I checked over the name blindly, searching as more sand and grass remnants sprayed over us. Samuel L. Williams. I looked down on the boy with pity. He could not be over the age of fifteen, if not younger. That was much too short a life, and it was for a short lived cause as we had already almost lost this forsaken place. I gripped the chain in my hand, taking hold of my gun as I tilted my head backwards, bending my back. I could the British soldiers lined up across the field, near as one hundred yards. Their muskets were lined up to perfection, every angle, load, and trigger pull practiced to be synchronized. The act was to erect fear in the hearts of their opponents. According to the men around me, the ones that were still alive, it was working pretty damn well. I growled as three men more men were taken around me. Gripping my gun, I loaded a musket ball, firing and reloading as quickly as I could. Five soldiers dropped at my onslaught. Even so, it was not enough for us to take the win. It was all I could do from calling up a retreat in that very instance. "Pull back! Pull back!" my commander yelled, running around like a chicken with its head cutoff. "Take to the trees! Take to the trees! Hide in the shadows!" Huh. So, he had realized how bad this was getting. Maybe he wasn't as bad at his job as I thought he was. I took the gun in hand and, like my fellow brothers, took off into the woods. I took a roundabout route, hiding deep within the dense parts of the area as the shadows slowly vanished with the rising sun. Man upon man, a crowd of near one thousand took off into the woods. The sounds of leaves crackling and branches breaking smothered the forest. Other than the occasional breathing that roared up as a body fell down, and the breaths teetering out, those were the only sounds. I rushed out into the forest, taking to a large tree and resting against it, lowering to the ground. It was of little cover, but as they say, "less is more." This situation was a prime example for those very words. Soldiers flew past me, speeding to safer grounds. But here, there truly was no safer area. I waited, the silence enveloping the shadows. I could only hear my breathing, and it was maddening. My head turned, my eyes shooting to the left as I scanned the area with my sensitive eyes. Seconds and then...movement. A twig snapped. I rolled forward, planting to the balls of my feet, gun gripped across my chest. I pushed up swiftly, swinging around and popping my gun to attention, poised to fire. I twisted the weapon from side to side, scanning the wide range I held in vision. "Come on," I whispered inaudibly, only parting my lips enough for the sheer words to escape. "Make a mistake, my brethren." Crack! I whirled around. I came face to face with the end of a pristine musket, the newly polished, close combat weapon glinting in the sun. I stared into the barrel of the gun, the death color inside of it growing more intimidating by the second. Finally, I moved my eyes to the wielder of the deadly weapon. The man was tall and proud. His stark brown eyes held tricks and dangers showing arriving death. Death would be scared himself, I'm sure. I glanced upwards, past the man's forehead to the dressing that was planted firmly upon his head. The headdress stood tall, the sharp golden material just as menacing with its high stature as the murder weapon pressed close to my face. Seconds passed and neither body moved. I stood calmly, staring into the man's eyes. I had been in this situation too many times to care. Though, of all the ways I could die, torture from a Hessian mercenary was definitely not on my to-do list. The knife grew closer to my face, aimed straight at my eyes. "Drop your gun, soldier," he commanded, a strong German accent flowing through his words. Wanting to comply, or trick him, I suppose, I loosened my fingers. The gun clanked to the ground, bouncing on the hard roots at the base of the massive tree. I waited as the gun stopped. In which time, I twitched my fingers, drawing the Hessian's attention. As soon as his eyes traced downward, I flew into action. I threw my hand up and out, bumping his gun away and almost right out of his hands. He made to pull the weapon into its proper position, but my fist connected with his jaw before he got the chance. He stumbled backwards, gripping his newly injured jaw as his gun fell away. I wrench the gun from the ground and go at him. His once deathly eyes widen in unrestricted fear. I take the butt of the gun in one hand and grip the barrel in the other. I kick him to the ground, and push forward, planting the knife into his abdomen. He stutters and falls back, eyes wide. The life faded fast. One final trickle of blood drips from the corner of his lips. I bend down, laying the gun across his body. I say a short prayer for the soul that passes from the body, to wherever it may go. I appraise the body and pick my gun up in the process. "You will be missed, my fellow man. I, too, fight for my country. Your life, however, was wasted for those that do not deserve it. Your men will miss you, and I trust you were once a magnificent man. And you would have been had you not been so cruel," I said to the lifeless man. "Even so, all's fair in love and war, mate. And you lost while we are losing this God forsaken battle." I sighed and stood, walking away. "God's speed to all of you," I whispered to the empty woods. I make my way to the outer ridges of the woods, but I don't get but a few more yards when a fellow's sudden appearance stops me. I took a few steps towards the shaking form, noticing the color of his uniform. Taking a closer look, I smile ever so slightly in joy at seeing a familiar face. "William," I call quietly. No reply. I walk even closer. "William!" I press my tone hard. His eyes whip to mine, and he scrambles to his feet. His breathing is shallow but fast; the fear is practically tangible. "Jasper!" he gasped. He looks up and down my dirt and blood covered body, his eyes wild. "Why have you not retreated?" I looked at him incredulously, "I could ask you the same, but if you must know, I was found by a Hessian as I hid. My retreat was quite delayed." He nodded in understanding. Then, a cannonball exploded near us, the ground flying up around us. Instinctively, I pulled him away from the blast. We tumbled backwards. He hit the ground, flat on his back, and I fell hard on my shoulder and elbow. The debris settled as I groaned in pain. I was breathing hard, lost in the moment of death that was sure to come, especially if we waited. They were getting closer, and in a much faster manner than I had imagined. "Cannot stay here," I grumbled in a gruff voice. "They are almost upon us, we must go. Can you walk?" I asked him. Groaning, he nodded slightly. "Yes," he replied, and then a smile of humor fell over his face. "Well, limp is more like it. I twisted my leg on the way down here." I shrugged urgently, wrapping my arm around his shoulders. He moaned as we rose, his leg protesting as his body weight was placed on it. My arm trembled, my shoulder and elbow burning as they swung by my body. "Limping is better than nothing," I injected. "Now, we must pull away. We will be back with the men in no time." He nodded silently, and we began to move. I stood, humped to the side as William limped alongside me. The sounds of battle had ceased by now, the sun not even at its peak yet. I looked up between the trees, the sun's rays beaming blindingly now on the Earth. I sighed, looking back to our path. A defeat before midday, what a horrid way to begin a revolution indeed . Silence enveloped us we hobbled across the uneven grounds. Every now and then, we would cross a body. They ranged from our companions to our enemies, dismembered to full body, recognizable to unrecognizable. With everybody we passed, I could tell that William's nerves were fraying. He was a great fighter, but he had a horrible time at stomaching the dead. I was immune to it. I had seen death in its harshest forms, every bodily image was imprinted along the inside walls of my skull. I blinked hard, cursing the visions that swam through my mind. We walked for an hour or so before we finally reached the camp. All of the survivors were rummaging around or sitting around the fire. Some were writing letters to their families. Others were shedding tears as they realized that their friends were gone. I sighed, looking over at the tent that sat in the middle at the end of the two columns of white, cloth covered tents. The flap over the doorway was swinging as though it had just been open. My eyes tightened. The man inside those triangular walls better feel damn proud of himself. I shook my head and continued walking towards the nurses' tent. It was right next to mine, resting in the center of the column. There were six nurses that had taken up on traveling with the soldiers in this time of need, giving their services, even in the midst of war. Practically all of them were soldier's wives and exceptionally protected. My wife included. If I was being honest with myself, my wife was probably the most protected over any of them, especially for the fact that I taught her fight and shoot again just before any of this started. I was a coveting man and took care of what I had. All of those feelings fell upon my lovely bride as soon as I met her. I found her and knew she was for me. Our marriage is going on two years, and look where we are now, traveling together under the worst circumstances imaginable. Even so, she was much stronger than any man in the army. She put up with me and my...condition, and suffered through it with me. One would take this moment to ask, what is my condition? Well, it's quite hard to explain, but I trust a visual will suffice. Imagine a man, out in the