Hey, darlin's! Here is the first chapter of the anticipated sequel to We Will Never Hurt Again, the Bella/Jasper story that has exploded on this site thanks to my amazing readers! There are going to be a lot of changes, loops, and twists in this. Fluff still included, but y'all better be ready for a wild ride, it's gonna be a blast! I am super excited to get started and delve into this story. Hope all of you are ready too! Thanks to my amazing beta Xo BellaItalia oX Please, enjoy... (Bella's POV) Of everything that I have ever, in my life, tasted, the blood of a bear was positively the best thing ever, as weird as that might sound. The succulent red liquid rolled down my throat in waves of deliciousness. Upon my waking hours earlier, Jasper and I had taken time to ' appreciate' one another before embarking out for my very first hunt. Though my throat did not sting, a fact that Jasper questioned with his entire being, I discovered my new sense of speed and balance by traveling through the dense forest, avoiding trees and branches in turn. Running made me feel like an adrenaline junkie. Besides certain recreational sports, I had never been the kind of person to go looking for danger. More often than not, I attracted it. Without trying, mind you, but that's beside the point. A lasting impression from my changed form was my enhanced eye sight. I had thought I was able to see Jasper before, but boy, was I wrong. There is nothing sexier than a devastatingly handsome man, especially when I can now see that said man with perfect clarity. His scars were much more abundant than before, as I was only able to pick up the light and deep ones. The lighter few fell almost like shadows, only being seen with a duller man's eyes in the light. The deep one's, with my new vision, could be seen by a blind man. I had never understood why Jasper covered them so. Of course, I had absolutely nothing wrong with them, but now I could see his point. I could see the couple that showed as a human very well, now they were almost glaring. From marrying that man, I finally began to understand exactly how much I loved a guy with scars that displayed his bravery. It. Was. Hot. Throughout my thoughts, the warm liquid had, unfortunately, stopped running down my throat. Frowning slightly against the large animal's fur, I pushed against its side. It rolled off of me with a soft thud. Standing, I glanced down at myself, happily noting that my clothes were clean and only slightly disheveled. The sound of a twig snapping caused me to twist around, the wind blowing through my hair at the same moment. His intoxicating scent melted over my senses, flooding my veins like water, buzzing with electricity. Ever since my change, Jasper's presence has been even more of a focal point for me, something I thought impossible since I was already so attached to him before. The man was practically a God that walked on air. He was everything to me. When he was away, my body would vibrate, seemingly giving away his emotions, even from a far distance. When we split ways while hunting, I could feel his excitement as he found the animal that he wanted. The feeling scorched my veins and lifted my spirits. When he was near, I could almost feel his skin against mine as though he was right beside me, touching me, and not across the room. The changes between us were expected, but surprising all at the same time. Jasper walked up to me slowly, appraising me from head to toe. His darkening eyes met mine, and my freezing body practically burst into flames. "You know," he murmured, his voice lower than usual, "you missed a spot." He stood in front of me, his hand lifting to my mouth. The tip of his finger landed on a drop of blood on the corner of my mouth, dragging downwards towards the skin at the base of my neck. I watched, almost entranced, as he traced his own lips with his bloodied finger, his tongue darting out to taste the tantalizing liquid. I could feel a strong desire coursing through my still veins, filling me with an indescribable heat. I knew that one good movement from my husband could send me into a spiraling circle of beautifully dangerous red and orange flames. I felt the heat, but no steam rose from my skin. I was almost surprised that there were no marks. I began questioning my lack of damage as he grew even closer, nestling into the flesh of my neck. His soft tongue brushed my skin and I gasped loud, the sound out of place in the silence. His chest vibrated beneath my fingers as a deep moan rumbled beneath his marble skin as his tongue traveled up to my mouth, following the bloody trail all the while. By the time his lips touched mine, I was gasping outright, my body convulsing, fighting to pull in the air that it did not need. My lips moved against his, one hand gripping the front of his shirt while the other weaved into his hair, scratching his scalp slightly. He moaned into my mouth, and I soon found myself pressed against a tree. In shock, the hand gripping his shirt fell back to press against the rough bark. I pulled away for a very short second, meeting his dark golden eyes before his lips crushed against mine. My tongue molded with his in intricate knots. Bouncing up from the ground, I wrapped my legs around his waist, trapping his lower body against mine. He groaned and supported my weight with his hands beneath my bottom. I pulled away, gasping for air. He trailed his lips down my neck and I leaned my head against the tree to give him more room. My chest pressed against his as my eyes traced the grey, cloud covered sky. I closed my eyes just as a raindrop landed on my cheek. It began sprinkling and Jasper leaned away from me. I tilted my head down to look into his eyes. His hand cradled my cheek and my breathing stopped. "Have you ever thought about making love in the rain?" he wondered quietly. I gave him a soft smile. "Not until now." A grin covered his face and his skin was practically glowing. "Great, cause I wanna give it a try." He scooped me up in his arms as he took off through the trees. I laughed all the way to our special place, cradled against his chest. Our place was even more gorgeous now that I was seeing it with new eyes. The water was crystal clear, the sand at the bottom of the small pond dusted along the ground, shifting with the water. The bright, multicolored plants at the floor of the pond was swaying and melting together in a festival of rainbows. It was absolutely enthralling. Shifting from my position as I leaned back against Jasper's chest, I lifted and flipped around so that I could spread out across the rock that hung over the water. Being in my swimsuit, the edge of the rock pressed against my skin. I found that I had to let my skin adjust to the surface. I could feel every nook and cranny of the rock against my flesh. It was a very odd sensation. I leaned up onto my forearms, my long hair falling past my shoulders as I sneaked over the edge, watching the adorable fish appear and reappear among the plants. I giggled. They were too cute. I felt weight along my side as Jasper laid down beside me up on one arm with the arm resting across my bare back. My skin tingled wherever his skin came in contact with mine and I felt as though I was being pushed into a vampire form of a high. I was lifted, dangling above the ground by invisible cords that raised me to the sky. I was weightless. "Why do I feel this way, Jasper?" I wondered. I did not want to change anything, but I was truly curious as to why such a phenomenal change had occurred in such a short amount of time. His now warm breath brushed over my ear lightly, his chest deflating against my side. "You feel that way because I am your true mate. Did Edward ever explain how strong the bond is for soul mates in our world?" I glanced at him, thinking. I tried to conjure up any single moment that I had had with Edward. Besides minor details, my memories of Edward were few and far between. I worked to pull any of them forward, paint them across the front of my mind. They were either blurry or nonexistent all together. I squinted my eyes, staring across the water to the lavender flowers that were blossoming in a small tunnel that had formed. After a few long minutes, I sighed, shaking my head. "I don't think so." I murmured. I released my breath in a whoosh . "I'm sorry. I just. Nothing's coming." I groaned quietly as Jasper began chuckling outright, but respectfully. "Geez, make me feel stupid, will you," I grumbled. I looked over to see him shaking his head, a sweet, innocent smile on his face. "It's perfectly normal to lose your memories, Angel. And the one's you have, I'm sure you were happy in all of them. The strongest memories are the ones that occurred during better moments in your life. Personally, I like that." I stared into his eyes as he pushed my hair back behind my ear. "You only deserve the happiest memories that life can give, my Darlin'." I smiled at him. He leaned in and gave me a gentle kiss before pulling away. I smirked lightly. "So, back to your question?" I hinted. He chuckled. "Ah, yes." He grew serious. "Well, you felt love as a human. You are aware of how strong, how consuming an emotion like that be. It goes the same way for anger, sadness, desire…" He glanced at me. "They are pretty much categorized together. When a person is changed, these emotions stay the same, never changing." "Until?" I interrupted. He smiled slightly. "Until a major phenomenon rolls in and makes everything just disappear. When a vampire finds that one person, that person takes over their world. They halt everything, the world practically stops spinning. Everything about them shifts, and they have to start over." I thought it over. "Slates clean, new story?" He nodded. "Exactly." "When did that happen for you?" I wondered. His finger brushed my cheek gently, causing a trail of fire to spread over my skin. "After I got involved with you." I raised my eyebrows. "It's true," he insisted. "Alice was never my true mate, but you are. Even when Carlisle explained it to me, I never questioned the relationship I was in. But when her feelings started dissipating, I finally began wondering. Then, everything happened and you came into the picture." He shook his head. "Bella, I have never felt that way. I had to start over when I grew close to you." I looked away and he grew quiet. Had I made things difficult for him? Even more so? Was there ever a moment when things did not work? Was- "Stop that," he commanded. My eyes flashed to his, and I was caught up in those glowing golden orbs. He scooted closer to me, sliding around so his stomach was pressed against my side, his face close to mine. "I love you, Angel," he whispered. "And that will never change, no matter what." I nodded. "I love you, Jasper," I murmured. "I got drawn into my thoughts. I didn't mean to think