O_O I have no solitary idea how this is going to go, but I figured why not. I've literally had scenes of this rolling through my head for about two months now, and it finally kicked me into gear. Let's see where this goes... PaulxOC- Imprint Story about love, angst, romance, beauty, and loss. Hope you enjoy! Paul's POV I tackled Jared into the ground with a low growl and a laugh, the football flying from his hand and rolling through the sand. He pushed me off roughly, shaking his head as he stood. He held a hand out, and I took it, standing. I bent down, popping the ball up into my grip as we walked back to the starting area, getting down, low to the sand. I was face to face with Sam, smirking at him. "You seriously think you're gonna be beat me this time, Sam?" I mocked, lifting an eyebrow. He smirked, glancing down at the ball. "I could beat you with my eyes closed." At that time, the countdown was completed, and I pushed the ball through my legs and back to Seth who ran with it. I went long, lifting my hand to catch the ball as it came towards me. Sam managed to intercept the pass at the last second, taking off towards the rock that we had decided was his team's touchdown marker. I ran after him, the teams following as sand flew out behind us. A great cloud of dust bellowed up, moving with the wind. The sand overtook me for a moment, and I lost Sam at the last second, growling as I stopped running. When the area cleared, Sam was leaning against the rock, tossing the football and catching it again. He walked towards us, passing the ball to me. It hit me in the stomach, dropping into my open palm. Sam smiled arrogantly. "28- 20," he stated, walking past me to the circle of women nearby, the imprintees, as I called them. "We win." I shook my head, tossing the football at the rock. It busted on contact as I followed the others, walking into that forbidden circle. I willingly aspired to stay friends with these guys, forcing myself through the disgusting times such as right now in which the guys and their imprints shared a kiss, some words of romance. In turn, I often made the notion of vomiting, only to get shoved by Jared as he held Kim in his arms, chuckling at my attitude. After a few moments of horrible references to things between the couples that I definitely did not want to think about, I stood, jogging down the beach a little ways, hopping up onto a rock and overlooking the horizon. It was clouded with that common dark gray sheen, the waves rolling with steam from the temperature difference. We were going into winter, and the water had not yet cooled completely. Of course, I was unaffected by the change. To me, everything was just hot or warm, and I could not truly tell the difference from my body and the outside temperature. My body rebelled against it at 108 degrees of pure heat, and believe me, that's hard to combat, no matter how cold it gets. Given that fact, there were few days in which one of the guys was not invariably snuggled up to their imprint, wholly focused on there well being. I mean, good Lord, can they not stand a little ice? It never killed anybody. Well, maybe that's not entirely true, but one can understand. As such, I was completely reluctant of the whole imprinting thing. I mean, it was like a chain that held you, forced the weight of gravity down on your shoulders, all revolving around one single person that had turned your world upside down, making it teeter on the edge of caring and not caring, what used to be important pale in comparison, and I despised this affliction. I could care less about the whole ordeal. I would rather gouge my eyes out than be occupied all the time by one single person. I glanced back at the couples, disgusted at one part of our nature. I scowled at them, shaking my head just as a scream broke through my thoughts. I saw the other whip there heads around, backs rod straight as we all looked around. I stood, jumping down to the sand as my body went on high alert. "No!" a voice screamed, and I traced it, slowly walking towards the treeline. As I began walking, a girl ran out, terror in her eyes as she glanced back behind her, her breathing bouncing through the trees, coming back to me. I went to run towards her just as an older, sketchy looking man ran out of the trees. The girl gasped outright, picking up her speed until she reached the shore. She glanced at the water, her head revolving as she looked for a way to escape. She turned, coming face to face with the man as we all rushed over to them. The man managed to grab the girl, slapping her hard across the face. She cried out, dropping to the sand. I roared as he planted a harsh kick to her ribs, and she rolled over, gripping her side. He reached down, fingering her hair into his fist, pulling her to her feet. She screamed, pleading with him. "Please, let me go! Ah! Let me go!" she begged as we surrounded them. The man turned around as we stood there, all of us fuming, our eyes dark with anger. He looked us over with wide eyes, still holding the girl. It was then that I noticed the blood that dripped from her nose, the red sheen that fell over her teeth as she gasped, her full bottom lip cut along the side. She looked around us with pain filtering through her eyes, grimacing every few seconds. The man stood straight, squaring his shoulders at us as if he stood a chance. "Can I help you gentleman with something?' he asked. Did he seriously think he had the audacity to do so? Jared brought a hand forward, slapping it down onto the man's shoulder. The man, groaned as the bone of his shoulder protested loudly, cracking back at us. The girl gasped, watching the scene, her chest convulsing with heavy breaths. "Well, you see, we were raised as gentlemen, as you said, and gentlemen don't hurt ladies. So, I think you'd better let the lady go before we force you to let her go," he growled, getting close in the man's face, frightening him with the proximity. "Please," the girl gasped in a quiet voice like pure silk. "Please, let me go." I glanced down at her, noticing the change immediately. A sound of defeat echoed through her voice. She sounded tired. On that note, I could only assume that this had happened before, and I hated the man more than I could say. I did not even need to know him to know what kind of low life he was. Disgraceful. The man's head whipped around to her, their eyes meeting. His hand clenched, and she released her side to place her hands on her head. I stepped up at this point, gripping his wrist in my hand. "I strongly suggest you let her go," I snarled quietly, menacingly. "You never know what can happen if you don't follow certain orders." He released her, pushing the girl into my chest roughly. I caught her, mindful of her injuries. "Fine, you want her, have the bitch. I'll be better off without her anyway." He looked down at the girl with hatred and disgust, spitting in her direction. She shifted away from the stuff, burrowing even closer to me. "You are a complete disgrace to your mother." He began to leave pushing his way through our shoulder to shoulder circle. "Yeah, well you're a disgrace to the human race," she whispered, gasping lightly. We watched him leave, immediately turning to the girl as he left our sight. Sam stepped forward as she clung to me briefly before pulling away slightly, a hand holding her side. She was still close enough for me to feel the heat of her body, smell the scent of her blueberry hair. She looked up at him, a light shining within her eyes. "Thank you," she breathed. "I can't tell you how much I appreciate what all of you have done for me." She looked around our circle, glancing back at me for a short second, but it was in that second that my whole world shifted and gravity left my body, transforming into the build of this one girl. My jaw dropped, but I quickly composed myself, looking over her head and out to the ocean to keep myself distracted. "It was our pleasure," Sam replied, glancing my way shortly. I shook my head at him, making him ignore my change in demeanor. "Do you have anywhere else to go?" She paused before shaking her head, tilting it down to the ground in dismay. I longed to reach out, brush my fingers through her hair and tell her that everything would be fine, but I did not want this to begin with, and I was not about to give in to the feelings that were suddenly coursing through me. "No, I don't." A few tears slipped down her rosy cheeks, her face still beautiful even with the sheen of blood under her nose and on her lusciously kissable lips. I squeezed my eyes. God, help me! "I'm homeless now." She gasped, crying lightly. At that point, I had to say something, ignoring the love but speaking with kindness. I could only hope that Sam agreed with the plan that was forming within my head. I laid a light hand on her lower back, feeling her tense before relaxing beneath the heat of my hand. "Hey, don't cry," I breathed lightly, moving so I was speaking into her hear but still where the others could hear me. "You can stay with a friend of mine, if Sam doesn't mind." I glanced up at him, gaining a nod from him. "She'll love to have your company." I looked past the guys to Emily who was standing around the area the girls occupied earlier. They watched us in shock and interest, trying to figure out what was happening. The girl looked up at me with shockingly deep blue eyes, her black hair rolling down her back in tousled waves. I got lost in them, her voice crawling across my now sensitive nerves like poisonous spiders. "Are you sure? I don't want to be a bother." My eyes widened minutely at her selfless nature, especially in her situation. Any normal person would accept gladly, go and get cleaned up immediately, yet, even after the events that had occurred, she still argued. Pulling from my stupor, I nodded as Sam called Emily over. "She won't mind at all." I glanced over her head as Emily came into the circle. "Ah, here she is." The girl turned around, seeing Emily. She gave no inclination of surprise to the scars that littered her face, for which I was grateful. Emily smiled her famous crooked smile, her eyes sparkling as they always did as she looked down on the girl. I waved my hand out to Emily as I introduced her. The girl stepped forward, shaking Emily's hand gently. "Hello," she murmured quietly, giving a small smile. Emily stepped forward, wrapping her arm around the girl's waist softly. "Come on. We can get you cleaned up, and then I will find you a place to rest." "Thank you," she breathed. Emily smiled, laughing lightly as she led the girl out of our circle, the other girls from the circle following behind them. "Don't worry about it." The girl glanced back at us, she and the rest