Hello, everyone! So, this is incredibly random, but the muses have been giving me this idea all day, and I just had to write it down to shut them up. I don't entirely know where this story could go as I have a lot of scenes thought out, but they are in no kind of order or anything. Still, I'm going to try and correlate this story properly. The only thing set in stone as of right now is that it is Bella/Jasper so we'll just have to see how this goes! Also, most of the story will be written in any one of the Cullen's perspective, especially Jasper's. And I guess you could say this story follows the Twilight storyline a little, but more than likely, it won't. Please, read, review, and enjoy! Jasper's POV My siblings and I sat in the living, staring blankly at our respective parents. They were looking at us with expressions of happiness, each pearl flashing in light of the chandelier. Carlisle was excited in a more content manner, but I feared that Esme would soon be bouncing from wall to wall, she having the full capability to do so. Both of them were watching us, awaiting a reaction. Alice was the first to respond, jumping up from Edward's lap with excitement, bouncing on her feet lightly. "I think it's going to be wonderful!" she exalted. "I haven't seen anything, but I just know that everything will go well!" Edward nodded behind her, agreeing with every word she said. "Alice is right. It will be nice to have a new face around here." "But, wait," Rosalie inserted, "how exactly is this going to work? We're vampires. We can't just up and adopt a child without thinking through everything." Her words said one thing, but her emotions greatly contradicted her statements. She was absolutely buzzing and glowing with excitement and anticipation. She was more than happy to reel in a young boy or girl into the family. She probably could not care less about the implications of it all, us being vampires, because she felt that this was her chance to get as close to motherhood as she could get. Personally, I found her logic to be sound, but, with family in mind, she felt it was right to question everything. I wholeheartedly agreed with her. "Well, Esme and I had a long talk about this, and we feel it only fair to allow the child to choose. They would have to know of our existence, after all, for obvious reasons," Carlisle stated. With that, I sighed, contemplating this entire idea. Sure, it would be nice to have someone new around, someone who knew what we were. Still, how could we guarantee that the child would not shy away from us? We were creatures of the night. I did not think that our status of character or creature was applicable or suitable to children, especially young ones. "I'm sure Carlisle and Esme are not talking about adopting a small child, Jasper," Edward told me, tuning into my thoughts. "Oh, no," Esme agreed. "We were thinking a young adult actually, age thirteen and up." I bobbed my head in return as Emmett slapped his hand together, rubbing his palms. "So, when are we getting the little tyke?" He was about as giddy as Alice and the rest of them. He looked at Esme and Carlisle expectantly. Our parents looked at one another shortly, a smile gracing both of their faces. "We are going within the next few minutes. We set an appointment with the adoptive agency months ago, and they were very gracious to allow us to visit the agency after they checked over our transcripts. Given that Carlisle and I are already adoptive parents, as it were, they were more than happy to take our application!" Esme stated excitedly, she and her husband standing. Emmett jumped it immediately, pumping a fist in the air, Rosalie barely managing to stand and breeze a few feet away before he could knock her into the floor. Emmett grabbed Alice's hand, and they escaped out into the garage, laughing gleefully. When the rest of us entered the area, the two were already standing next to the cars, jumping around ecstatically. Edward and Rosalie shook as their heads as they followed, the four of them piling into Rosalie and Edward's vehicles. Carlisle and Esme followed, hand in hand, getting into Rosalie's car. I rolled my eyes, going along with everything. I hopped into Edward's car, and we were off, follow Rosalie as Carlisle gave her directions to the agency. Within the next hour, we were pulling in and parking in front of a small office building, two stories at a maximum. We exited the vehicles and walked up to the glass door. I opened it, holding it as the others filed in. We walked into a cozy waiting room, sparkling tile running up to a mahogany desk where a curvacious girl with long black girls sat, tapping away at a computer. Black leather chairs lined the walls, contrasting beautifully with the ivory walls. On the wall beyond the desk was a great sign that read Carter's Adoptive Agency in bold black letters lit from lights that hung underneath the letters. Carlisle and Esme walked up to the desk as myself and my siblings held back, quiet conversation striking up. "This doesn't look anything close to what I thought an adoptive agency would look like," Emmett murmured, keeping his voice down. I had to agree with him. It was a little too posh. Then again, I felt as though the children in the adoptive system deserved the best they could get, and this seemed like it was it. "They usually don't look like this," Edward muttered, glancing around. He was shifty, grabbing onto Alice's hand like an anchor. I could only bring his discomfort down to that of the desk clerk. I glanced her way slyly. Oh, yes, that was definitely the reason. She was openly gaping at Edward's backside. I smirked quietly, and Edward glared, growling lowly. "It's..." Rosalie tilted her head. "Elegant, in a way. It's too posh. I mean, most of the residence in this building are more than likely children. This isn't a very childhood friendly environment." Just as the three of us nodded our consent an excited voice echoed down a hall that broke off the left wall of the lobby. "Esme and Carlisle Cullen!" the voice crowed. The owner of the voice entered soon after. The woman was plump and curvy with striking auburn hair topped on her head. Her glasses rested on the edge of her nose, immediately falling back down after they were fixed into position. The safety string on the glasses was multicolored beads on a silver chain. Esme and Carlisle stepped away from the desk as the woman greeted them warmly. "I am so excited that the two of you are here! If you will follow me, you can start meeting some of the children." She turned and began walking down the hall in which she had entered. The five of us followed behind our parents quickly, following in pairs. I trailed behind, staying in the middle. I watched, entranced by a single curl on the back of the leading woman's head that jumped erratically, loose from the rest of the solid mass piled atop her head. She began to ramble as we walked down the short hallway, asking questions as she did so. "So, am I correct to say that you are wishing to adopt a child in the age region of twelve and up? Young adult, supposedly?" she questioned, glancing over her shoulder as we reached a doorway that led to some steps. We followed. "Indeed," Carlisle replied. The woman nodded, using a single finger to push her glasses up her nose. We reached the second floor and escaped through the door. The area opened up into a small resting area that resembled the one downstairs, only here there was a television and a few shelves of books. I skimmed the titles quickly, staying close to the group as the woman lead us down the farthest hall and around the next corner. From what I could tell, there were very few classic titles and most of the books appeared to be written for younger children. We rounded the next corner, and the hallway stretched out before us, eight doors down the hall with four on each side. I glanced around at the doors, noting the clipboards that hung on each of them, three to a door except for the last one on the right that only had one. I looked to my right, tracing the one at eye level. Kristi Williams Age: 15 Active, responsive Hobbies: Drawing, reading, writing Response: Content in quiet environments, allergic to cats, openly observant, blunt and imaginative. Prone to being rebellious, refuses to follow instructions. I raised an eyebrow. What the hell? A diagnosis? I looked away from the paper, my mind spiraling. I soon tuned back into the woman's words, unnerved by what I had read. "So, these are the teenager's quarters. We've had quite a few adopted within the last week so not all of the doors occupational statuses are accurate. The clipboards on the door give you a brief synopsis of the children present in the room. Just go in, call a name you're interested in, and strike up a conversation. All of the teenagers are very responsive." She paused a moment, looking at us expectantly, probably waiting for questions. When none came, she continued, "Anyway, I must get to my office, I'm run-down with paperwork. But, if you need me, just press the button by the door to the stairs, and you will reach the front desk. Let them know you need me and I'll be on my way. Hope you find the perfect child for you and your family, Mr. and Mrs. Cullen." With all of that said, she scurried away, bustling through our lines and disappearing down the stairs. "Adoptive agency or psychiatric ward," Rosalie murmured, tracing her eyes over a nearby clipboard. "'Destructive with a bad temperament, best for a one child/no child household,'" she read aloud, stepping back from the door. Esme fidgeted, her discomfort rolling out to me in waves. I sent her a calming air, pleased to see her hands fall away from the death grip they were in. "It's a little unethical, yes, but this is one of the top agencies in the country with the most efficient adoption rate. It may not be the protocol one would expect, but it's working. Plus, it helps with conversation. We can get to know the children better with a little background knowledge," Carlisle reasoned, skimming over the boards on the doors. The others broke away, each pair taking a door. I scooted down the hall, somehow drawn to the last door, the door on the right. It was the only one down the hall that only had one clipboard present. I reached the door, my eyes skimming over the contents on the sheet, amazed to see an actual doctor's notice on the door. My eyebrows pulled together, my face pinching as I read. Bella Swan Age: 16 Fully responsive, active, delusional Response: Harsh temperament, rebellious, sees objects/situations of unrealistic means, openly psychotic, under medical treatment with Dr. Deerby. Dr. Deerby's Response: Treatment does not appear to phase client. She continues to meddle in "magic," frightening drawings, and "demons, apparitions, and ghosts." Treatment has been delayed until further measures can be taken. What kind of fucking place was this? I could not believe that they had one of the teenagers under a doctor's watch. I growled in my chest, feeling such a hatred for this place. I read over the girl's prerequisites again, not caring at all about what was wrong with her. I just had a feeling like this was the girl, this was the