Hiya there, the name is Jessi and this is my first story and I don't have someone to do an editing for me so please be nice! Isabella grew up in an orphanage, jumping from home to home, until a family member had discovered of her existence. Young and naive, Isabella "accidentally" falls into the arms of the man she should really fear, Fork's very own gang leader, Edward Masen. Little does she know, her mere presence is already changing lives, little by little. Prologue "Every school she had attended, she was an honor roll student. Isabella Swan was a perfect student, despite her situation. He had to have converted her!" His gruff voice vibrated through the mirror glass. "No, sir. She converted me." The door swung open with a 'bang' and it reveals my bronze god. His smug smirk in place, he struts over and tugs on my hand to pull me out of my seat. "It's time to go, baby. Police stations were never my favorite place, especially the interrogation rooms." Chapter 1: The Bronze God and Blonde Goddess "People who meet in airports are seventy-two percent more likely to fall for each other than people who meet anywhere else." ― Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight Isabella's Point of View "Are you ready, Swan?" The monotone voice of Ms. Emotionless had asked as I finished tying the lace to my black combat boots. I ran my sweaty hands down my leather pants as I gave myself one last pep talk. This is it, Swan. This is what you've been waiting sixteen years for. My inner Isabella exclaimed as she jumped around in a jumpsuit and prepared herself. "Well, you going to make him wait all day or what?" Ms. Emotionless exclaimed. I rolled my eyes at her sudden aggressiveness as I threw on my Army green jacket and my black bag before grabbing my raggedy suitcase with the little clothing I had. Sixteen years of foster care hadn't been the most granting lifestyle. I took a deep breath before walking through the doors and facing the man who had been half the reason for my existence. He stood abruptly and turned towards me. His face was covered in a mustache and he had my brown eyes. His hair was short and darker than mine. I could see some of the resemblances between us. He sighed as he pulled me into a hug. I squeaked and flinched slightly from the closeness but if he noticed, he didn't make any move until he pulled away. "Isabella, I'm so glad to have found you. I had no idea of your existence until last month." He pulled back to look at me. He just noticed my crop top and grimaced before turning to the owner of this damned orphanage. Hell, it was New York. I could do and where whatever I want. "Thank you for your cooperation. I should be taking her home with me now. It's going to be a long flight. We're going to Washington." "You have a good day, Mr. Swan. Glad to have helped." The annoying owner said before all but pushing us out of the orphanage. As we walked down the street to a waiting taxi, a million questions ran through my head. What do I call him? Where are we going? Was he abusive? Did he hate me? As if sensing my curiosity, he placed a calming hand on my shoulder while he opened the taxi door. The driver threw my suitcase in the trunk and climbed in to drive towards what I assumed would be the airport. "I'm Charles Swan." He spoke first, breaking the tense silence. "You can call me anything you want, but I was hoping you would call me dad. I know it's a lot to ask for the first time you have ever met me but maybe... I don't know. Your mother and I met when we were in high school. She had left right after senior year, never to be seen or heard from again. I had no idea that you had existed until last month. Your grandmother on your mother's side, Mary-Anne, had been diagnosed with cancer and wanted to meet you." "So you picked me up to see my dying grandmother? Are you going to send me back when she dies?" I asked rudely. I hadn't meant for it to come out that way and his flinch had made my guilt even more aggressive. "I'm sorry, Ch-dad. It's just going to be difficult to get used to this. I haven't had parents in... well, ever." "I understand how you are feeling, Isabella. I just..." He paused and took a deep, shaky breath. I could see that he was trying to keep his emotions at bay. "I just feel so guilty." "Don't feel pity for me. I've toughed it out for the past 16 years." I tried to ease his conscious. Was I angry at him for not knowing about me? He said that my mother had left. Did she not want me? When Ch- I mean, my dad- cleared his throat, he brought me out my thoughts. I noticed that we had arrived at the airport. He climbed out and held the door open while the taxi driver pulled my bag out of the trunk. Before I could even thank him, the driver climbed into the car and drove off. "Have you ever been on a plane?" My dad asked me. He started to ramble when it took me a second too long to answer. "Wait, you're across the country. You've probably been on a plane before. I'm sorry. I just don't know so much about you. This is going to take some time to get used to. I-" "Hey, calm down, alright? We'll figure out everything when we get to wherever the hell we're going." I cut him off, unable to handle the rambling. I immediately knew where I got that from. Whenever I was too nervous or anxious, I would do exactly the same. "We're going to Forks, Washington. It's a small town where everybody knows everybody. Everyone is excited to meet you. That's okay with you, right?" He asked as we got through security in a surprisingly quick fashion. Before I had time to respond, the lady on the intercom called for our flight. While waiting to board, Charles took my bag and shook his head at it. "We're going to have to get you some more clothing. It's pretty cold and wet in Forks, so appropriate clothing will be necessary. Perhaps Esme wouldn't mind taking you out to shop." "Listen, Ch-dad. I'm going to a bumfuck town with the father I just met. Give me some time to adjust before-" I was barely able to finish when the flight attendant rudely snatched my ticket and shuffled me into the plane. Expecting to be in business class, I was shocked when Charles lightly pulled me into a pair of first class seats. "How about we spend the next couple of hours getting to know each other?" He asked while placing my small bag into the compartment above. I realized that it was a sad moment when the only clothing I had could be considered a carry on. I nodded quickly as he had gotten settled into the seat next to me. Over the next six hours, I had learned a lot about my father, Forks, Washington, and even a little about my mother. I learned he grew up in Forks, Washington and so had my mother. He played football all throughout high school but retired to become a police officer. He was now named Chief of Police, which the first class tickets had proved that it paid very well. Forks is such a historically rich town that all the families had come from old money. I'll be a junior when school starts in two weeks. The town is pretty safe but I was warned against an Edward Masen as apparently he was some major gang leader. It hadn't felt like six hours when the plane had landed yet I was more relaxed in Charlie's- it's what his friends, and now my mind, calls him- presence. "Are you ready to go home?" Charlie asked me as we walked through the tunnel and into the airport. I shrugged my shoulders, hoping not to reveal my nervousness. These people in this town were like Charlie's family, my family. Would my grandmother even like me? Flesh and blood were supposed to love each other, right? "You're a bad liar. I can see the wheels turning in your head, just like your mo-" "Don't even finish that sentence. I want to be absolutely nothing like the heartless woman who gave me up without a second thought." 16 years of anger can bring out a bad side in a person. Charlie nodded his head in understanding before grabbing my petty excuse of a suitcase of the rotatory. I felt an intense sensation on my head. Curious, I turned my head towards the direction it had come from to meet intense, green eyes. They blazed with a fire that should've knocked me on my butt but I held my ground. The owner of the eyes had bronze hair that stuck up in every direction and screamed, 'I just got fucked wildly.' The only thing that pulled us out of our stare off was a blonde throwing herself into Mr. Green Eye's arms. Her Abbey Dawn tank top and studded combat boots yelled badass chick and jealousy immediately washed over me. She had perfect blue eyes and perfectly waved blonde hair. Why do hot ass blondes get all the fucking sexy ones? My inner Isabella asked as she flopped onto the floor. I internally laughed at my idiot self for even allowing myself the brief moment of possibility that Mr. Green Eyes could be mine. Charlie's voice brought my out of my thoughts as he said, "That's the person you need to stay away from. Lillian Hale would be fine if she hadn't associated herself with the likes Edward Masen and his crew. Her daddy was so upset when he found out that Masen had corrupted his daughter. He's been out for blood ever since." "So you mean fuckhot over there is on the 'No-No' list. C'mon Charlie, haven't you heard the stories about how the teenage girl always goes after the forbidden boy?" I laughed as I allowed Charlie to wrap his arm around me and lead me to the sliding glass doors but not without one last look at Mr. Green Eyes. His blazing greens had become even more forceful and a smirk accompanied it as he took me in before he winked when his eyes met mine. I flicked him the bird before turning my head back. That's right, girl. Make yourself even more of the forbidden fruit; maybe he'll take the bait. My inner Isabella fist pumped the air as she fell onto her back and giggled her ass off. I rolled my eyes at myself before Charlie revealed a police cruiser to me. "You've got to be fucking kidding me. I get to arrive in the Chief of Police cruiser. You're already making me lame." I grumbled as I clambered into the front seat. Charlie's loud ass laugh filled the air as he threw my sad suitcase into the back seat before climbing into his designated seat and starting the engine. I buckled my seat belt as he started the engine before he pulled off into the direction of the wettest bumfuck town in the world. 3 long hours later, I was standing in front of a large home. It had the whole modern family appeal to it. "Do you like it?" Charlie asked as he unlocked the front door. Barely able to speak, I nodded my head. "Good, your room is up the stairs on and the right. There are only