Welcome to my world. "Nobody owns life but everyone who can pick up a frying pan owns death." - Williams S. Burroughs Disclaimer: Plot is mine, Twilight relations are not. BPOV Suffocatingly thick black smoke rises from the bonfire of corpses that I've created. The black bandana tied around my face is helping but isn't nearly good enough. To avoid smelling this shit, you'd need a gas mask. The plane is on standby. The burning shouldn't take much longer. Impatiently, I shift my weight from foot to foot. Just as the flames begin to die down, I start shovelling the damp soil down there causing a loud sizzling and some boiling water to be spat at me and a new cloud of smoke to be puffed out. Regardless, I continue. It only takes around fifteen minutes for me to have it looking neatly gardened. Practice does make for a good shot at perfect. The stench of burning flesh is unmask-able, but most people will just mistake it for a bonfire gone wrong. It's unlikely anyone would pass here anyway. It's not like it's normal to just casually stroll through the middle of nowhere. With my shovel in hand, I sling my semi-automatic over my shoulder, grabbing the knives from the floor before jogging towards the plane. I'm not the pilot. But the pilot knows who I am. Hence why he's not shocked that I'm running, bandanna covering my face, smelling like death and smoke and blood, with a once white dress stained crimson. Knuckles split, gun in hand. He looks a bit like Charlie. Trimmed mustache, neatly styled black hair – but he has some greying speckles around his ears – similar bulky builds but Charlie hasn't the same size arms as his tree trunks and the eerily identical stoic facial expression. The main difference is: this guy wears a uniform and my father wouldn't be seen dead in any suit worth less than a thousand. Like he'd just seen a ghost – or maybe a young girl running around wearing blood with a pistol in hand. He informs me my bag is waiting upstairs and I nod before heading up, not faltering despite my five-inch heels. If I can take out four well-trained men in these things, I can tackle some stairs. As soon as I'm inside, I walk through the lobby, going straight for the extra large bathroom. The plane was designed for missions, explaining the large bathroom where you can wash away any evidence. Tearing the bandanna from my face, I cough as a little smoke comes out from it and toss it into the bathtub carelessly. I wrap my gun strap around the back of a wooden chair, out of place in the otherwise scarily white bathroom, and drop my knives in the sink before heading out to strap myself in for take off. Over the speakers, the pilot gives me the go ahead to move after my favorite ear popping and stomach flipping movement. Maybe if I was a normal person, I'd be a theme park advocate. I spend a rough hour scrubbing my equipment, myself and then the bathroom. It ends with a bin bag of a materials needing to be burned and a briefcase of weapons that slips easily into the duffel waiting for me in the bedroom. I've always cleaned my knives obsessively and it's always been time consuming, so I have to rush when I dress in my black panties, a grey sports bra with some running leggings over the top, matching Nike sneakers and then a grey t-shirt with a black jacket. I dry my boringly limp brown hair with the hair dryer and use enough products to disguise the fact it's rather dead. That's what I get for dying it on impulse, I suppose. Only then to find out I didn't actually like the amount of verbal slaughter my blue hair received and strip it back two months later. I pack my things back into the black duffel on the bed before I squeeze it between my legs as I strap myself back into the cream leather chair, waiting for landing. We touch down back at Chicago and a stone sits in my stomach making me want to vomit and rip someone apart at the same time. The sports bra presses uncomfortably against the bruises on my ribs. For all purposes, this is my home. Here in Chicago. But in actuality, it's not much of a home. More of a prison where my family live, with a lot of people that want to kill me and some of those people wear badges. But they're one in the same, because they all want me dead either way. The pilot meets me at the bottom of the stairs and I nod at him, he nods back. I open my mouth to say something, but I close it tightly and walk away. I've never spoken to him before, there's no reason to break the silence now. Plus, I've been raised with a ton of different analogies and sayings that all toy around with the phrase, "Just keep your mouth shut. Opening it might kill you or someone else." But he calls my name, "Isabella!" I cringe but turn. "Mrs. Swan wanted you to have this." He hands me a phone and nods again. I nod back and head over to where a car is waiting for me. Mine. A matte black Audi R8, the type of car I lusted after before I worked up the nerve to just ask for it. Charlie was surprisingly overjoyed – one of the few moments where I'd seen him genuinely happy. Needless to say, I got the car and I haven't upgraded it since. Unlike Jane and my cousins that hoard and swap out cars every other month. I cruise through the streets for a while, dabbling with the idea that maybe I should crash at a hotel or something. Home is most likely full with food from Ma and possibly people. I switch off the phone when it starts vibrating. I hope the pilot doesn't lose his job. Or worse, his life. He seemed like a decent guy from what little I saw of him. With that said, some people have thought I was a decent person when they only had to meet me for five minutes every few weeks. And that's just a joke. Exhausted, I stop for coffee and chug a sugary concoction of chemicals that revives me enough for me to race home. Tonight, it's Jones and Larson manning the gates. Each of the people picked to man the perimeter of my home are chosen by me after being processed, researched and stalked by me. Alec tagged along too for some. It's true that if you want something done right, it's best to do it yourself. In total, there are twenty three people working for me. Sometimes they drive me places. Other times they'll back me when I find myself in some of the worst situations. Most days, they man my house and ensure nobody sets foot anywhere near it. My neighbors are mostly just posh business owners, maybe one or two politicians, a couple with a junkie kid and a young brother and sister that come from old money and have no ambition. They irk me more than the junkie kid that has collapsed outside of my gates on more than one occasion. I park sloppily in the garage, having never been blessed with smooth parking skills. Shouldering my bag, I enter the house, facing a thumb scanner and a code. I'm considering replacing the thumb scanner, it's too easy to bypass. My sneakers echo on the wooden floors of my house and I take the floating stairs up before dropping my bag beside my bed, toeing off my sneakers, taking a pee, brushing my teeth and falling asleep on top of the covers. ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ X ~ From the doorway, Alec glares at me as I unpack the clothes that arrived back before I did. "You didn't tell us if you'd landed safely." "You were tracking the plane anyway." "Don't be a smartass." "Don't be childish." "Childish? Come on, Bella. Get off it. You're still mad." "I'm not mad." "Yes, you are." "I'm not speaking about this. Stay if you want, but I will not be speaking of this subject." "You have to see him tonight anyway." "Did you need a map to the door, Alec?" He snorts, shakes his head and leaves me alone to get dressed. I change into denim jeans, a black and white baseball tee and grey sneakers. I rip through my hair with a brush and leave it down, spritz myself with perfume and swipe on some deodorant. Alec is in the kitchen when I go down to make some tea. He's already made me some. We drink in silence until he decides, "You need to talk about it." "I'm not joking. Shut up about it already." "Have it your way then," he huffs, clearly not as over it as he wished to appear. Once we've finished our tea, bickered enough about who gets to drive, we end up in his car with him at the wheel because being older by three years apparently makes you entitled to those privileges and bomb through the gates. I see the frizzy hair of the local junkie girl bent over a bush, she's vomiting. My brows furrow and I shake my head. Partly disgusted, sickeningly amused and equally saddened. She's too young for heroin. Alec drives us to his nightclub; it's deserted aside from the cleaning crew. I sit in the car while he picks up some papers or money or something from his office. He snaps at me when I tell him he took ages. I roll my eyes back and stare glumly out of the window. He drives us to a restaurant that a family friend, Alice Cullen, owns. Rather, she took over from her husband, Jasper, once they married. I hesitate and he smirks at me and says, "What's the problem, Bella? I thought you were over it." "Fuck you, Alec," I hiss as I elbow my way passed him. "No, you fucked him." He says it simply. Like it wasn't the biggest mistake I have ever made. Asshole. "Fuck you, Alec!" I snap, louder. Inhaling deeply through my nose, I pinch the bridge and pray for composure. We enter the restaurant and are seated immediately on the highest floor. Alec doesn't seem effected by the waitress' flirty vibes and that's when I begin to dread the dinner conversation. Ever since he turned fifteen, Alec has been a natural, sleazy flirt. Renee and Mama Adrianna prevented him developing into a horrific playboy like some of our cousins or most of the other young men from other mob families. Flirting, however, was deemed acceptable and Alec always takes advantage of that. Unless he's not permitted to do so – relationships, otherwise known as independence's kiss of death. As soon as the waitress is out of earshot, I ask, "So who is she?" His eyebrows scrunch together and his forehead wrinkles. Elementary signs of confusion. Elementary errors, too. Normal Alec wouldn't ever be confused, he'd be annoyed that I'd said something he doesn't understand and thus made myself look wiser. Now he's Scripted Alec, which only works for people that haven't met the Normal Alec. I have, and it's boring watching him try to patch up truths with bullshit. "Who? Her? That would be a waitress-" "Who is your girlfriend?" His eyebrows shoot up now and his demeanour changes swiftly, forehead wrinkling in a different way now. "How do you even know I have one-" "Goddammit, Alec! Who the fuck is she or do I have to scour the city and hunt her down?" He bites the inside of