Suddenly Faramir stirred, and he opened his eyes, and he looked on Aragorn who bent over him; and a light of knowledge and love was kindled in his eyes, and he spoke softly. 'My lord, you called me. I come. What does the king command?' 'Walk no more in the shadows, but awake!' said Aragorn. (ROTK: The Houses of Healing) oOo Faramir squeezed his eyes shut against their burning, the figures lying atop the desk swimming behind his closed lids in an inky blur. The Steward jabbed his quill back into the well over which it hovered and dropped his shoulders to his father's tall-backed chair, blinking and rubbing his face. ' For pity's sake, enough!' Lowering his hand, he scanned the room impatiently from his uncomfortably spare and angled seat. Before him, sheaves of paper, rolls of parchment, and unsteady towers of wax slates jostled among each other for his attention, spilling over the Steward's black marble slab of a desk and drifting to the floor. Behind him, the westering sun trailed thin shadows into the corners of his father's study and the flames trapped in their tall iron braziers beside his seat snapped greedily at the soft air that floated in from the window. May had settled in a mist of green among the folds of the Pellenor Fields, but the people cannot eat the grass nor the wildflowers that sprang up among its many mounds and ditches. Hunger prowled the city, a tenacious thief that crept in on silent feet and waited patiently in its dark corners to strip his people of their closely guarded peace. Lists of widowed and fatherless families lay upon the table that he had inherited, bereft without his care. Spring brought hope, but not relief from privation. Yet, Gondor would care for its own. Grain from Lebennin flowed into the city and awaited his word for distribution among the fiefs of Gondor. Prince Imrahil sent dried fish for Minas Tirith's troops with his regards for their newly installed King. All necessities they, but, at this moment, trapped in the confines of the Steward's private study in the Seventh Circle, Faramir almost envied the King his stream of penitents. Palantiri and what they revealed aside, perhaps the endless minutia of his station had been the true cause of his father's ill-temper before his passing. The Steward's fingers tapped restlessly on the unread parchment awaiting his signature. His father's effects scattered about the room peered back at him in reproach at the inefficiency of the delay. Faramir slammed his palm against the marble surface and launched to his feet. The heavy chair skittered back over the floor under the force and papers floated off the edges of the desk, ending their flight upon the winter rug that graced the room. But, the second son of Denethor had his back to it all and he heeded them not. Instead, his eyes and thoughts were absorbed in the march of the walls of the city down the mountain from out the room's casement. His arms rigidly extended, Faramir leaned into the sill and gazed across the expanse with a critical eye, letting the edge of the stone bite into the flesh of his palms. He had fallen to the Black Breath before the siege and awoken only in its aftermath. For him, in memory one moment his city was whole, in the next, sadly wracked. Work proceeded apace, but the ranks of tumbled stone and hollow windows stared up at the Steward with a shocking urgency. He scowled back at them. Faramir released a distant breath and scanned the city's streets for the bright flicker of sun off helm and plate. So much to do and so few hands with which it was to be done. How many men had they said were left? No doubt the full report lay buried somewhere on his desk. His eyes restlessly tracked the paths of wains as they trundled through the first gate and into the city, neck and back stiff with resolve. But once his gaze lit upon an expanse of green to the south and the white wall against which it abutted, the Steward's face and shoulders gentled. The Houses of Healing glowed in pastels of pinks, creams and blues, touched warmly by the setting sun. Small dark specks of birds darted from beneath the eaves of that kindly structure to skim the ground in a search for twigs and fiber, as anxious to shore up their homes as he. He smiled, recalling the blur of wings and scrape of tiny talons from a spring long ago when a small drab wren battled with the bits of shredded cloth at his nursery window. His mother had tied them there to amuse her son when sickness confined him indoors. Such small graces had lit his young days, and so soon gone. His duties forgotten for the moment, Faramir's chest sank into the sill as if he needed the support or would else willingly fall from the opening and land gently in the gardens below. She was to leave soon, the White Lady of Rohan. With her, she would take the days of quiet company in the dappled shade of the Healer's arbor and leave naught behind. No troth had been plighted, no blessing sought from her kin. Tamed, the wild shieldmaiden from the North may have allowed herself to be, but such, in Faramir's estimation, was far too tenuous a thread to tie her heart to his with the permanency he desired. The chances of the world and the obligations of a royal house gnawed at his hope. He was no elf and fading memories would provide his heart with little balm to ease the wound he would take at their parting. Faramir stepped back from the sight of the city and countryside with a sharp sigh. In vain he might search for shimmering hair or a mantle as dark as the night and as bedecked with stars, for she was not there. The lady had returned to her brother and now kept his house elsewhere in the vast city that spread its skirts across the feet of the mountain. So soon gone. A salute of steel against stone outside his door turned the Steward about on his heel, his lips compressing to a thin pale line at the sound. ' What more?' Feeling the need for fortification, Faramir resolutely turned his back to the window, facing the one clear corner of the crowded desk and the light wine waiting him there. He was pouring the straw-colored vintage into one goblet of a pair when the door opened. With his wool headpiece tied below his chin and his hands hidden deep within the long sleeves crossing his chest, the man's pale oval of a face floated over the dark fabric as his robes fluttered about his slippered feet. He bowed precisely to his lord and waited his acknowledgment. The fruity smell of wine wafted through the room. Faramir set the vessel to the desk, amused by the man's eyes when they darted from untidy piles of missives upon the floor to tangles of dispatches upon his desk. "What is it, Willelmus?" The man sniffed to clear his throat and recall himself to his task. "A nobleman from Rohan to see you, my lord," the chamberlain announced somberly and bowed his head at just the correct angle to communicate both his humble but deep regret for the petitioner's intrusion on his lord's precious time and absolute subservience to his lord's will on the matter. "Very well," Faramir said and lifted his goblet from the desk. The chamberlain's hands wrung the elbows within his sleeves. He could not seem to keep his eyes off the mess of papers about the room. "Willelmus!" the Steward commanded, the goblet hovering in the space between man and desk. The man twitched and blinked back up to his prince. "Now, Willelmus," Faramir prompted, "if you please." The chamberlain drew himself up and bowed rigidly. "Of course, my lord, this very instant." The man whirled about, leaving the whisper of his feet and a slight chill in the air behind him as the door clanked shut. Faramir laughed softly into his cup. He had inherited the man who served as his chamberlain along with the long, dark, and cold marble table that served as his desk and the straight-backed ebony chair that served as his seat. All of correct and austere design, they eminently fulfilled their purpose but fit him as ill as second-hand boots stretched to fit another's feet. ' The wine, however,' he reflected and toyed with the corner of a letter, turning it about to look over its contents while he waited, ' was excellent .' The door opened onto Willelmus and a figure behind him that overshadowed both the chamberlain and the doorway through which they entered. Had the Rohirrim's shoulders but a hair's more breadth, they would have brushed the door's frame as he passed. "This way, my lord," the chamberlain urged his charge. With a mouth still full of wine, the Steward inhaled abruptly and stared. Not just any Rohirrim who might claim noble birth, Willelmus was ushering in Éomer, brother to the absent White Lady. From behind his guide, the Rider scowled at the bright rectangle of the window, the lush rug and the dry, unlit hearth. His gaze shuffled through the papers littering the marble desk that dominated the room before lighting upon the man standing at its corner. There his eyes halted and brooded darkly. Under the Rohirrim's scrutiny, Faramir became acutely aware of the ink that stained his fingers and the obsequious manner of his chamberlain who now gestured broadly for the man to proceed him. Perhaps this was not the first impression the Steward had wished to engender in the brother of his hoped-for bride. Éomer shouldered his way past Willelmus, the bulk of his body dwarfing the slightly built chamberlain as he strode into the room, directly and deliberately taking the measure of the man who fronted the end of his advance. Shafts of flame from the room's lamps danced restlessly in the man's flaxen mane and darted off the twisted threads of metal broidery that lay as stiff as an armored plate upon his breast. The very walls, Faramir reflected, seemed to shrink upon themselves under the bright force of the Rider's approach. He found himself suddenly, and inexplicably, aware of the missing weight of the sword that should have been pulling at his hip. "My lord," Willelmus intoned, bowing solemnly from the door, "the Lord Éomer, son of Éomund, First Marshal of Riddermark, sister-son to the late Théoden King, son of --" At the recitation behind his back, a spasm of vexation flashed across the Rider of Rohan's features, arresting his intent study of the man who awaited him. Only now realizing that he had forgotten to swallow, Faramir cleared his tongue quickly before the chamberlain could proceed further. "Yes! Thank you, Willelmus. That will be all." He set his goblet upon the marble with a sharp click. The chamberlain halted mid bow and, with a dryly chastened sniff, backed his way out the door. He closed it on a glimpse of pine-colored wool edged with writhing knots of gold, men of the Rider's éored who cooled their heels in the Steward's hall. The First Marshal came well reinforced, it seemed. "Welcome, Lord Éomer." Faramir inclined his head. Leather rasped on tile and scuffed against wool in the silence as the First Marshall of Rohan strode to the center of the study. Pausing briefly, the Rider acknowledged the greeting with a stiff bow and an unrelenting frown. "Lord Steward," Éomer allowed, his fingers skimming the wood of the petitioner's chair between the men. Rejecting an invitation, before it was offered, to seat himself when it was obvious that the Lord Steward would remain standing, the Rider abruptly turned, dropping his hand