Disclaimer: All characters and things associated with The Hunger Games belongs to Suzanne Collins and Lionsgate. This writing is for pure entertainment only. Summary: Sequel to A Far Worse Games To Play . Emberly survived the Games, but at what cost? She has distanced herself from the family that loves her and the people who need her causing Katniss and Peeta hold onto hope that their daughter is more then a Capitol Puppet, but all signs point to their daughter being the destruction of Panem. CHAPTER 1 EMBERLY POV A little over two months have passed since I returned to District 12 from the Hunger Games and I have effectively been able to isolate myself completely from my family. The first few weeks were hard, and my mother in particular was persistent in seeing me. It came down to her one night showing up and nearly breaking her shoulder trying to force the door down. It didn't work and I had two Peacekeeper's force her off the property at the threat of her life as well as my father and brothers. I would never hurt my family, but I need to keep them safe, and the only effective way to do that was to threaten them. Since then, no one from my family has tried to see me. I know they don't understand why I am keeping my distance; I know they think I murdered my best friend in the Hunger Games. I know they think I have changed. I have changed, but not in the ways they think. I didn't kill Damir, or at least, as far as I know I didn't. We haven't heard from any potential survivors of the Game, but then again, that was the plan all along. To get them out, keep them safe, and maybe, someday, get rid of the new President Snow. But I have changed. I am alone. Mason has not been able to see me, as the President insists our reunion be long awaited and televised, so those in the Capitol that loved our love story can see it. Mason was my one connection to the world. He knows what I am going through, what we have done. He is part of the plan, and I can't communicate with him. And so, I am alone. I can't talk to my family, I can't talk to Mason. The only people I communicate with are the three Peacekeepers who keep an eye on me; they are all right, sometimes they are even tolerable. One of them, named Myers, is actually pretty easy to get along with; he is only a little older then me. That could be why we get along. The other two, Samuels and Ike, are older then him and I enjoy their company far less. Still, with no one else to talk to, they do connect me to the outside world. They let me hunt in the woods but stay close. I have asked them to do this because I can't risk running into my mother, but they do scare off the game. Of course, even they can't guard me from my nightmares, and they have grown significantly over the last few months. First, they were just of the Game, but now they have morphed into images of my parents Game, which I have watched a few times since I returned, now that I have access to the video, as well as twisted images of my family being tortured, of Galen being killed, of Damir dying at my hand. Sometimes, I can't figure out what is real and what is just in my head. And so I have taken a significant liking to the liquor cabinet downstairs. It keeps the nightmare at bay and it keeps me numb. I am grateful that the Capitol keeps it stocked with good liquor so I don't have to worry about looking yellow like Haymitch, or at least, I can prevent that longer. Sometimes, on hard nights, I mix the liquor with the Capitol drugs that are sent to help me sleep. That can knock me out for days at a time and I am fine with that. I have nothing but time anyway. I am waiting, but I don't know what for. Its only now that I realize our plan was foolish. We are out of the arena, and we know what we want, to remove Snow from office, to not start the Hunger Games over, but we have no idea where to star. Mason and I haven't even been able to discuss it because we haven't seen each other, and I am certain neither of us have had contact with anyone who could have survived the Games, if they are even alive. Plus, now there is the chance that Enobaria knows what is going on, and if she does, we need to be extra careful. She could kill us all if she wanted to. I glance out the window. The sky is grey and I am certain it's only a matter of time before the snow moves in. The summer air is gone, and I am counting down the days now that I can leave District 12. Even though we have no plan, I would rather be in Mason's company with no plan. Soon enough, Effie will show up to whisk me away to the Capitol for our Victor Tour, I just can't remember when. I turn and take the bottle of Whisky off the table and bring it to my lips. I have long abandoned glasses. It doesn't make sense to dirty them, not when I am the only one drinking. A knock on the door startles me from my thoughts. I lift the bottle to my lips and finish it off before wiping my mouth. "Come in," I hear myself say. The voice is horse, and I realize I don't really remember the last time I have spoke out loud. It was probably a few days ago when I went hunting, or maybe that was a week ago. It's hard to remember. Myers, the Peacekeeper who I do not mind, steps into the room. He gives me a small smile until he sees the empty bottle in my hand, then he frowns. I think part of him is worried about me. "You should probably lay off that stuff. You saw what it did to Haymitch…" Myers motions to the bottle. I shrug and place the empty glass on the desk next to me and then sit down on it. This is supposed to be a study, but I only use it to drink out of the liquor cabinet. "Did you need something?" I ask after a moment of silence. "Yeah. Ike sent me to remind you that Effie is going to be here tomorrow to check in…get you ready for the tour in a few weeks…" Myers says. "That's tomorrow?" I knew it would be soon, but I didn't realize that soon. "Well, it's the start of a few visits I think," Myers tells me. "Great," I roll my eyes. I know Effie means well and I am eager to get out of District 12, but I know Effie will give me a hard time about my parents. She may tolerate me, but I know she cares deeply for them. "Just…try and sober up," Myers says with a small nod. I know he is trying to save me from some of Effie's wrath but its inevitable that tomorrow will be a long day. When Myers leave, I move to the liquor cabinet and grab the bottle labeled vodka before heading out of the office and up to my room. I think I have two sleeping pills left up there, and between those and the alcohol; I should be able to sleep the night through. KATNISS POV I look at myself in the mirror. The black rings under my eyes have become permanent. Sleep does not come easy in our home anymore. Not for me, not for Peeta, and not even for Galen. It's been over two months since Emberly has returned from the Games, and to say she is damaged it putting it lightly. She has cut us off, bared any communication we have attempted to have with her. She even had Peacekeepers threaten my family, her own flesh and blood, if we did not stay away. To say the new President Snow has effectively ruined my family is an understatement. We are destroyed. Peeta has been having attacks again, more frequent and, recently, much longer. There are some days where I have to lock him in the spare room to keep him away from Galen and I. Galen has seen his father at his worse, and I can do nothing to keep him safe from it. There are days when Peeta and I don't talk at all, days where we hardly acknowledge each other. Those are usually days after bad attacks. I want to comfort him, but I don't know where to even begin. I am not used to being the strong one, and even with that statement, I know I can be doing a better job. I am trying, but I have never had a way with words. Galen has retreated as well and I realize now, in many ways, he is exactly like me, exactly like my mother. He has effectively shut the world out, and again, I don't know how to help him. Peeta was the one who saved me from myself when I was that depressed, and I don't know where to begin to help Galen. I guess I am truly weak because I have done nothing to save my son or husband from themselves. I want to, but the burden is too much. Every attempt I have made in the past few months has failed. I rub my face and turn the light off in the bathroom, noticing how thin my wrists are. Its true, that none of us have eaten well the past few weeks. Peeta stopped baking and I haven't been hunting too much. I tried at first, because the woods have always been my sanctuary, but the Peacekeepers made it too hard because Emberly was out there a lot. I move into our bedroom and to the window. The sky is turning grey and I know soon the flowers will die and the snow will come. I move my eyes up the street, to Emberly's house. There are hardly any lights on inside, but I do see two Peacekeepers guarding her door. Guarding her from me. I stare out the window a little longer before I hear the door behind me creak open. I know it is Peeta by the loud steps that fill the room. He doesn't speak to me though and I don't push him to. I don't have to pretend to be strong in front of him and I don't expect him to pretend in front of me. I hear him climb into bed and I wait a few minutes to join him. When I do, his back is to me. He does not hold me like he used to in the Games. In fact, I am the one to wrap my arm around his shoulder, and I do feel him relax a little at my touch. EMBERLY POV I wake up to cold air hitting my face and a bright light. I struggle to open my eyes and immediately regret it as the sunlight streams through the window I accidently left open last night. I stretch out, finding I am still in my clothes from last night and on top of the comforter on my bed. I must have passed out. I glance at my nightstand to see that I no longer have any sleeping pills left and the bottle of vodka is half empty. I sigh, trying to sit up but my head is pounding from the concoction I made last night. I stumble to my