Bear with me here in the beginning. It starts out somewhat slow. Please review. I lose interest in things easily so I need to know if there's any interest here at all, so it would be fantastic if you'd give me your opinion. This story is based off of Demi Lovato's song Heart Attack. Things I don't have: Money (Like, any) A boyfriend (Shocker) A life (Obviously) Ownership of Twilight (I might have all of the above if I did) "Has anyone seen my phone?!" Vera shrieks from the passenger seat, whipping her head in all different directions in search for it. My mother flinches at the volume of her voice "Vera. Please. Not so loud, honey." Vera ignores her "You don't think I left it at the rest stop, do you? No, I couldn't have. I just had it a-" She was cut off by a loud annoying female voice singing "My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard!" I feel a vibration under my butt -a sensation I am not used to feeling- as the singing got louder. I pull out a gemstone covered iPhone out from my downstairs area; before I could hand it to her Vera snatches it from my hand with a glare. "Why do you have my phone?" she asks accusingly, holding up what looks like the Barbie Dream Phone. I blink "I think the bigger question here is why you have My Milkshake Brings All the Boys to the Yard as your ringtone." I deadpan. "Whatever." She concludes. The next Bill Gates, ladies and gentlemen. "Could you guys just shut up ?" Vera's twin, Lissa, asks impatiently. Except Lissa has a way of asking things in ways that sound more like demands. One of her many talents. "I have tryouts tomorrow and would like to get at least five minutes of undisturbed sleep." I roll my eyes and put in an earbud as Vera sits back against her seat "As long as this biz-natch refrains from stealing any more of my things, we'll be ok." "Ok, for one," I start, slightly impressed at her proper use of refrain "We switched seats at the last pit stop because you claimed that sitting in the back was "deflating your hair bump" so you just had to sit in the front for the sake of your pretentious Jersey Shore hair do. Which means you probably left your phone back here to begin with." I sit up a little straighter "And second, biz-natch? Really, V? I thought even your pitiful brain could come up with something better than that. Last time I checked we were in high school, not some teeny bopper junior high. Holy h-e-double-hockey-sticks." "Girls, don't start." Mom reprimands as Lissa groans angrily next to me, pushing her sweatshirt over her ears. Vera turns so fast in her seat I swear I could hear her miniscule brain rattle in her head " What is your problem, Preston? We get it, ok? You have no life. You don't have to take it out on the rest of us. It's just sad, really, you trying to take your frustration out on others. You know, maybe if you did your makeup correctly you could hide those droopy eyes and puffy cheeks of yours. A guy might just glance your way." That one stung a little. My sisters and I are always going back and forth, especially me and Vera. We all know what button to push. I fall back into my seat, feigning defeat "Well, sugar-honey-iced-tea. You got me there." Vera opened her mouth to reply, surely it would've been brilliant, but Lissa interrupted by shouting "Are you kidding me right now?! I didn't sleep at all last night and probably won't tonight either, so all I'm asking for is some peace and quiet but you two are too busy acting like children! You guys are so selfish!" April, my younger sister pops up from the very back of the suburban "What is with all the shouting?" "That is it !" My mom has finally had enough "The next person who speaks will be grounded until they're thirty." Lissa murmurs something that sounds like "Finally" while Vera huffs and sends a glare my way. My clueless little sister shrugs and flops back down on the seat. The car was filled with a heavy silence. I really do hate road trips. Our family never used to be like this. I mean, yeah, we had the occasional fight over the bathroom or a lost item but that was usual when six girls lived under one roof. What was that? Oh, no, you heard right. I have four older sisters and one younger sister, all of us being very blonde yet very different. You know how they say opposites attract? Yeah, well that guy must have had an IQ equivalent to Vera's. If I'm being completely honest, the fighting started getting bad when the second oldest sister, and my personal favorite, Henley, moved out. She's older than me by four years, Lissa and Vera by about two. Henley kept us all united, even when the eldest, Madyn moved out. There was always something about her that kept us sane. Her humor, her positivity, her blunt accusations. Or maybe it was just because she gave all of us a common enemy: Lupus. Henley was diagnosed with Lupus Erythematosus when she was 12 years old. For those who have no idea what that is, I'll give you a basic rundown. Hell. It's hell. It can cause butterfly shaped rashes over the cheeks or skin exposed to the sun. Luckily my gorgeous sister never had many problems with that symptom. For her it's mostly joint and chest pains when she breathes too deeply or exhibits strenuous movements. The anemia that came with the disease often causes her to be cold or get excruciating migraines. She even started losing her hair at one point. She has "remission" periods but there are also those times I fear for her life. In all, Henley's Lupus gave us something to unite against. None of us could bear the thought of losing her. But in our battle, we didn't realize one of our troops was lagging behind. My father had a heart attack a month after my fifteenth birthday. He fell into a coma just hours later. In those two weeks we waited for him to wake up, I realized that there are two types of waiting. There's the waiting you do for something you know is coming, sooner or later- like waiting for Madyn to pick me up from school, or April complaining about nothing being on TV, or maybe even being invited to Madison Evans party. And then there's the waiting for something you don't know is coming. You don't even know what it is exactly, but you're preparing yourself for it. You're imagining your life differently. That's the kind of waiting that makes a fist in your heart. I like to think I wasn't waiting for my father's death. But if I'm being completely honest, it's what I expected. I have a hard time with hope. You see, each sister has a quality about us that sets us apart from the others. Lissa is bossy while Madyn is constantly calm. April is scary observant and Vera is high maintenance. Henley is wise beyond her years. Me? I'm disappointed. Always left disappointed. XXX The house is pink. Like Easter egg, ten-year-old-girl's room pink. We all pile out of the car in silence and stare at the horror that is our new home. Granted, it's cute. The white picket fence across the porch is a nice touch, along with the girly doily things connected to the thin pillars. It stands in a tiny neighborhood in front of the forest. Cute house, awful color. My mom broke the silence by murmuring "I thought it was white." She turns to us and gestures to the house with her arm "Well? What do you girls think?" I see April tilt her head to the side from the corner of my eye as Lissa narrows her eyes in thought. I pop my gum. "Well, I think it's adorable. Small but cute." Vera concludes. Of course she does, it's dumb blonde blush. "Ok!" mom says enthusiastically, moving toward the house a little "I realize it's smaller than our old house and a little… flashy, but come on guys! It's…" she pauses to examine it again "quaint." Our last house, located in Sacramento, California, was large enough that each of us could have our own room. Of course, that was when we were a two income household. What they fail to show in the movies is that when a family member dies, their insurance doesn't always cover everything. Especially when they don't take out a life insurance policy. Which, of course, my father did not do. Dad was a salesman, the best in California, actually. He was the main source of income since Mom's job as an Algebra teacher only went so far. I wouldn't necessarily say we were rich, but we always had spending money. That says a lot considering how many people we had in our family. Now here we are: Forks, Washington. The "cute" little town in which my mother grew up in and our Grandma Selma still lives. Mom thought it crucial to be around family we barely even saw. Honestly, this whole experience makes me want to jump off a bridge. "Well," Lissa says unsurely "I guess it could be worse. We might want to do something about the color, though." "That's the spirit!" mom cheers. Barf. April shrugs as her reply, nobody really expected anymore. April is the strong, silent type; she gets it from our Grandpa Carlos. She's gotten a lot quieter since Dad's passing. Probably the only one in the family who doesn't give their opinion on a daily basis. I felt my mom's eyes on me. This is where my life gets complicated. Well, aside from the long distance relationship between my refrigerator and me. My mom used to be outspoken and opinionated. Henley and I were a lot like her in that way. When us girls started fighting, she'd put a stop to it immediately. I remember when Lissa and Vera were into dressing up in the same clothes to try to trick people. That ended when Dad told Lissa to clean up her room, only he really said it Vera. They were devastated, which never really made sense to me since their goal was to confuse people. Nonetheless, after the incident they tried to be as different as possible. Being they still had all the same clothes, they fought over who got to keep or get rid of what. They handled it as well as two nine year olds could. That was until they were sorting through their shoes. A pair of sparkly red ballet flats our Grandma Selma sent them for Christmas. They'd gotten the shoes because they resembled those of Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz. My mom was so tired of the constant fighting so she did the only rational thing. Threw them away. Well, one pair. So Vera and Lissa were forced to share. Now her patience level borders on Saint Status and she barely has the energy to stop us from arguing. I, on the other hand, am still the same opinionated, blunt individual I've always been. I constantly walk on eggshells around her. The last thing I want is to cause my mom more pain. I feel my sisters' eyes on me as I open my mouth to speak. It's like we all knew I'd say a dick thing before I made any noise at all. Which I did. "It's a vagina." I state simply. I felt Lissa cringe next to me as my mom made a face. Of course I couldn't stop there "I mean, seriously. I can't be the only one who thinks so.