There she is. Katniss Everdeen. Object of my fantasies for the last...well...since I started having those thoughts. She's pumping gas at the corner mart. The sun is glinting off her tan shoulders. She adjusts the sunglasses atop her head and then runs her hand down her dark braid, leaving it draped on her neck. I haven't seen her since graduation, just over two years ago. And I've never seen her around Tributeton in my visits home. The odds must be in my favor today. She hasn't changed. No, she has. She looks better. She rises up on her toes to inspect the roof of her car - her calves and quads flex and bulge with her efforts. I always loved to see her legs in shorts, jean cut-offs at that. Watching her fingers grip the fuel dispenser, my mind wanders. I was never been able to observe her hands since she sat in front of me every year of history class. I didn't learn a damn thing about ancient Panem those years. No, I studied her freckles on her neck, traced the woven strands of her dark hair, and imagined the thoughts in her head. She looked out the window often - no doubt craving fresh air and planning her next hunt. I tried not to picture what she and Gale might be doing in the woods. I felt better about my chances when rumors started spreading about him and the mayor's daughter but still didn't do anything about it. The vision of her hands wrapped around the trigger will play well into my fantasies tonight. For now though, I just need gas. I'm parked behind her, waiting to fuel up my old FJ40 Land Cruiser. She can't see me in the shade and probably wouldn't recognize my vehicle anyway. It's a mid-seventies model so the fuel efficiency is poor. I'm actually surprised I haven't seen her here before, as many times as I have to refuel this beast. Not that she would ever notice me. I never did gather up the nerve to talk to her. I tried several times. The last being graduation day. She stood just a few feet away from me in the quad with her family. I turned to approach her and every opening line I ever constructed flew out of I mind. I was then immediately interrupted by my mother. I swore to myself that I wouldn't be deterred again the next time I saw her. Then I left early for freshman year of college. I wonder if Katniss stayed and kept working for her dad. Some of the local guys ogle her and circle her in the station. She scowls at their debasing gestures and I see my chance. I hop down from the driver's seat and make my way towards her; it's the least I can do to fend off the jerks. "Hey babe, you about ready?" I ask, with what I hope is just the right mixture of swagger and volume.. She's tasting the pet name with disgust when she turns to see who said it. Her look of confusion is over taken by recognition as her gray eyes widen in surprise. "Mellark?" she questions. Another catcall is hurled her way and I sidle up next to her, posturing my best 'back-off stare' towards the guys. This broad chest is good for something, I guess. The locals dissipate and I turn to her, hopeful for gratitude. "I could have handled that - I didn't... don't need you to save me," she says. "Of course you could, you are very intimidating - I just wanted to say hello anyway." I say. This earns me an eye roll. This is not going well. I need to work fast. Think Mellark, think. "Katniss-" It's the first time I've said her name aloud since….maybe since ever. It feels good rolling off his tongue. "What? What do you want? You think you can just show back up in town after two years later and make me look weak?" she asks. "No... I... I just didn't want those guys to bother you," I manage to say aloud but I'm momentarily stunned that she knows how long I've been gone. It was her graduation day too, but still I'm amazed she places me there too. "So you could bother me instead? No thanks," she says. "No, hey it's not like that. Let's start over," I offer. I swallow and use my best smile. "I'm headed out to Parachute Falls. I've got sandwiches and an apple tart from the bakery. I packed extra in case I got really hungry. Would you care to join me on this lovely Sunday?" I say. There is a slight shift in her expression. Her scowl softens just a touch and it gives me hope. "I never pegged you for the nature type," she says. "Oh, I'm just going to sketch. It'd be nice to have company though, you could probably tell me what everything is out there," I say. She seems to consider this proposal as the fuel finally clicks off in the dispenser. "How long?" she asks, "How long are you going to be out there?" "Just a few hours to get the afternoon light. I'd be leaving before dark, definitely. I don't want to get lost on the trail," I admit. She smirks at this. I feel even more optimistic. I run a hand through my hair in anticipation. "Okay. It's the least I can do for my hero ," she emphasizes. "I'll drop my car of at Sae's, pick me up there when you're done here?" she plans. "These are the slowest pumps." "Tell me about it – yeah, sounds good. I'll pick you up at Sae's diner and maybe grab some more water," I suggest. "Nah, I always carry extra for myself - unless you need more," she says. "No, I'm covered. Okay then, all set?" I ask. She replaces her gas cap and hands me the fuel dispenser. She closes the distance between us and I see that the constellation of freckles on her neck is also across her nose. It's incredibly distracting. My eyes flash between her adorable nose to her sensuous lips. I'm thinking up something suave to say because I'd really like to kiss her. "Just so you know, this is not a date. And this night will not end with me spread eagle on my hood or you getting your dick sucked," she states. "I'm not that kind of girl." "Ah. Erm. No…I wasn't thinking that. I just thought it'd be nice to catch up," my hands are raised in defense of her verbal attack. "That's all, I promise." She nods back at me and swings down into her car. I watch her drive away in disbelief that she read my mind. Shit. Shit. Shit. Katniss fucking Everdeen is going on a not-a-date-date with me. In like...ten minutes. We have an awkward drive to trail head. Luckily, it's not that far out of town. I ask her questions, she stares out the window. It's a little hard to talk with the top off anyway, but I can still catch traces of her shampoo wafting over. Same kind that she had two years ago. "So, are you in school?" I start. "Yeah." "You like your classes?" I try again. She nods. I catch the movement out of the corner of my eye – her nonverbal response is enough to keep my questions minimal for the rest of the trip. I talk about my school, the dinner hall, anything to fill the uncomfortable silence. It feels history class all over again. Once she's out of the confines of the vehicle, she seems to open up. We walk and talk on the half-mile trail to the falls. The trail is well maintained and has a few slick spots on large slabs of limestone. She points out plants with funny names but witch hazel, sassafras, Carolina jessamine are about the only ones I can remember. "This is one of the Hawthornes. Did you know you could make jelly from the fruits?" She explains. "It's called mayhaw. It's delicious." At the mention of her close family friend's name, I don't press further. I just enjoy the botany lesson. And the view. Her hips sway in time while she walks and it's getting increasingly harder to hide my reaction to her presence. "That's a short leaf pine, over there. It's different from a long leaf pine, which has super long needles -– there's one," she guides. They all look the same to me: short needles, long needles, whatever – but it's nice to know the names. "Which is also different from a loblolly – which come to think if it, is you." "What?" I ask as I'm shaken out of my reverie. I haven't been paying attention at all, I just like the sound of her voice. "Pinus Taeda. You take the first two letters of the genus and species name to get the code for shorthand in field notes – so 'Pita'. You're a loblolly pine!" She jokes. I smile and nod but don't quite find the humor in it that she does. My name has two 'e's and not an 'i'. But whatever, she's happy and I don't mind being funny to her. "Are you taking botany?" I ask. "No, that's from geography class," she says. We walk in companionable silence for another quarter mile. "You tore your ACL, didn't you?" She asks. "What?" "Your tread is uneven. You put more weight on one foot more than the other when you walk," she says. "Yeah, in my last match senior year. Against the champ from District 11. It cost me the championship and full ride at State," I say. "I was there, at that match. There was a blonde girl…Delly Cartwright, wasn't it? She was all over you," Katniss recalls. "Delly? She was the trainer. She had to check me out – and it was her call that no one touch it there – otherwise, my knee might have been more messed up. As it is, I still end up limping on that leg after a lot of activity," I explain but my heart clenches a little. She was at that match, she saw the interchange with Delly, and she sounds jealous at the memory. "Like today?" She asks. "Like today. I'll probably have to ice it when I get home," I say. The pine trail opens up to a vista of lush vegetation hugging the banks, crystal clear water, and waterfalls a little further up. It's breath taking. The old oaks provide shade along the crushed limestone banks. "Let's set up camp over there," she suggests, "in the shade and off from the falls." I show off the snacks from my pack, hoping to entice her. She used to like the stuff from the bakery, or at least her sister did back when they were in school together. She shares a little of the food. My hands brush up against her several times during the exchange. All of the hairs on my arms react as if a shock has passed through me. She enjoys the apple tart and the half sandwich she takes. It doesn't seem like enough to me. I pull out my notebook and pencils and starts to sketch while she walks around. Eventually, she tires of exploring and she lays down. At first she just stares at the water, plummeting down, and then she curls up to the side. It looks like she's taking a nap. I sketch her while she dozes. It's cute. I fill a few pages. The way the light filters down to reach her. The way her fist flexes in her slumber. The look of peace on her face. Her olive skin and dark hair are a direct contrast to my own fair complexion, blond hair, and blue eyes. My mom calls the difference a 'division of the classes' but