Thanks to Suzanne Collins and Taylor Swift for inspiration. Thank you Court for your beta prowess and Mel for my perfect banner. "I, I, I, I, I, I wish, I wish..." Madge belts out — or rather it sounds more like she's hyperventilating. She thinks she's singing but it's all noise to me. I prefer folksy tunes to the trendy album that's been circulating since fall and is currently blaring on Madge's car stereo system. I've heard the popular tracks on the radio and put up with Madge singing her favorites off-key ever since she brought the deluxe version home. "Awww c'mon Everdeen," Madge taunts. "I know you have a set of pipes on you; let's sing together!" "No thank you — you're doing just fine on your own, pop tart," I tease back. It turns out that Madge never stops listening to the album. If we are driving or in Madge's room, it's always on. It's just sounds at first, but then I start paying attention to the melodies and lyrics. Some are upbeat, while some are sad, and it starts to creep up on me. I wonder aloud, one afternoon at her house, "Do you play this when Gale comes over?" "Yes, as a matter of fact I do. I try to see how many times he can get me off in the 60 minutes from beginning to end," Madge boasts. My scowl doesn't deter her from continuing. Oh joy . "And I really like it when Gale moves his ass to the beat. I'm getting a little hot just thinking about it," Madge brags. I throw my arm over me eyes. "Ugh. I did not need to know that" "Well, you asked. You and Peeta should just do it. Get it over with before we all graduate. You like him enough, right?" Madge asks teasingly. I nod because I can't dislodge the words from my throat. I like him more than 'enough.' "You gotta admit, that's a pretty favorable pairing for your senior project your last semester," Madge prattles on, and she's right. He'd caught my attention over the years in school but I hadn't spoken more than a handful of words to him until we were thrown together this January. I discovered how much his proximity affected me early on during a planning session, and it hasn't let up since. Our senior project to depict native plants from our district represents a division of labor between our talents: Peeta's illustrations and my descriptions. It didn't take much convincing for Peeta either. He handed me the reins on this project almost immediately. We do not have much to do in January and February, as everything is still underground, but we took the time to plan while everything is dormant. I had taken advantage of a pass to the map lab and printed off a stack of posters to cover our project area, and a few of the whole thing to mark up. We met at the library to review the maps together, as well as to chart our field trips in the large, relatively undisturbed wilderness area on the outskirts of town. "How many do you think it'll take to cover the 15,000 acres of Antonoff Conservation Area?" Peeta asked. "That's roughly 23 square miles, and I figure we can do meandering surveys for three squares in one day," I venture. "So seven or eight days in the woods," Peeta calculated. "And more for pressing, cataloging, and sketching." "Yeah, do you think you can get that kind of time off from the bakery?" I questioned and tried to quiet the hope in my voice. It would be nice to get all of the field work knocked out while the days are cool and still have plenty of time to finish the illustrations. "Yeah, Mom will let me go for a school project. I may have to keep it to myself that my partner's a pretty girl," he teased with a wiggle of his eyebrows. Is he flirting with me? My confusion settles into my face as a scowl and effectively silenced him as I began to point out the different habitats on the maps. Our arms brushed by mistake while we both leaned over table. It was disorienting to me and it seemed to have gotten hotter in the study room. I moved to sit side by side just to feel rooted. "What do these different patterns mean?" he asked. I explained the various aerial photo signatures on the map and relaxed a bit as I went into tutor mode. I traced the riparian areas with my pen and even pointed out the lake on the edge of the district. "I want to save that trip for our last day since it's the furthest quadrant in the wilderness." I felt him staring at me and noticed that his lower lip was caught up in between his teeth while he concentrated on my impromptu lesson. His eyes flickered across the map, mentally dividing it, before he started allotting survey areas. We gravitated towards one another to partition the map into survey grids. I wanted to draw the shades on our study room, so no one else could see how close we were. Surely he'd get ridiculed by his teammates and I'd never hear the end of it from Madge. While my thoughts were far away and not focused on my fingers, my pen spun away from me as I tried to recap it. I pitched forward to catch it at the same time he reached out and caught me before I flopped on the table in the process. His blue eyes flashed in alarm and then deepened in color, just as surprised as I was that we were basically embracing. Although he was still a relative stranger, I welcomed his palms on my shoulder and arm. The heat from his fingertips pressed into my flesh, and later, I remember checking it for burns. Once the snow lifted and the calendar pages flipped, we took brief excursions out into the forest so I could show him the different habitats that we would encounter. Gale had done a similar project last year with the regional fauna, but flora was closer to my own interests. We collected and pressed samples. He drew the plants, using both the collected specimen and sketches from our field trips. I appreciated the way he was able to formulate articulate sentences from my rambling thought strings about leaf morphology, buttressing, and other growth forms. Every now and then I worried that he was doing more of the work, and I began to feel indebted to him. I helped with the text of what characteristics made each species different from others within the same genus, ecology, distribution, and usage. Once the days got longer and sprouts start to bloom, we worked weekends after he finished at the bakery and a few weekday afternoons too. I felt that I was spending more time with Peeta than with my mother or sister. I noticed other things too. Peeta had a habit of double-knotting his shoelaces. And he drank tea, when most kids our age were downing lattes and other sugary drinks. We worked on occasion either at my house or his, but he always liked the windows cracked – I wondered if he kept them ajar while he slept too. We got along better than I thought we would. We opened up to one another slowly and learned each other's strengths and weaknesses. Peeta was also a quick study in pushing all of my buttons, teasing me about how squeamish I was, prompting smiles out of me, and tugging on my braid in the middle of the woods to get my attention. I would never admit it aloud, but I've thought about how his hands would feel on me. There had been a few times that I asked for a boost to climb a tree to gather leaves. I didn't need it; I just wanted to see what it felt like to be under the power of his strong grip, left seared into me since that day at the library. His steadiness never betrayed me whenever I requested it. What would happen if I asked for more? I thought about it: the attraction, the innocent touches, and the fear. And longing. I might as well admit to some of that, too. I began to yearn for him and the bravery to act on my growing feelings for him, before it was too late. Madge's crooning brings me back to the present. "Hey, your birthday's coming up this weekend. What do you want to do?" I consider the question and shrug, still a little lost in Peeta thoughts. "I don't know. Can you come over for dinner with Prim and my mom? Then maybe we can go out later? It's my last field day with Peeta," I add. "Oooooh…. are you going to ask him do anything special to you for your 18th?" Madge prods. "Shut up. No," I wrinkle my nose at her and laugh. "Birthdays haven't meant much to me before, but I agree…18 brings a sense of accomplishment. We should do something fun," I consider, and try to steer conversation off Peeta. "Seriously, get on that. I've seen the way you two look at each other. You have it nearly as bad as he's got it for you," Madge pushes. "He does not. You're imagining things again, Madge." I stammer at the possibility. "Well I wasn't imagining it when I thought Gale was sweet on me because he kept bringing me strawberries, was I…hmmm?" Madge apprises. I roll my eyes at her, effectively ending this conversation but it does not quell the thrill running through my veins at the idea. ... I hear Peeta's truck before his headlights flash on my bay window very early on Saturday morning. I'd recognize the loud exhaust rumble from his rusty, leaking tail pipe anywhere after hearing him arrive for our work sessions the last few months. It's his brother's old green Ford, probably handed down from his dad. The noise is not as noticeable from inside the cab, but I would know the distinctive sound of his arrival blindfolded. I throw on a light jacket to fight the early morning chill. Peeta greets me with a smile and a cheese bun — he knows my favorites by now. "It's great you could get the whole day off," I say, genuinely surprised that his witch of a mom let him go. "Yeah, I wasn't expecting it to be so cool this morning. I had to run back in and get another shirt to stay warm," he adds. My eyes drift over the worn flannel. It's a soft orange and white plaid, with thin stripes of green outlining the thick bands of color. I resist the urge to reach out and rub it as we head out to our study area. "It's our last collection day and I hope we can get it all done." I state, hoping to hide the nervous energy in my chest. "We have a long hike today," I remind him. "With the longer days, we would have enough light to get back to your truck, but we'll be famished by the time we do" "Yeah, I brought us a lunch, to eat out by the ACA lake," Peeta offers. "Okay, cool, I'd like to be home early." I add, leaving out the other details. He doesn't need to know why today is special, or that I'm planning on celebrating with my sister and Madge. ... It's been a perfect day. If Peeta knows it's my birthday, he hasn't let on in any way. We worked in my favorite part of the forest, near the lake and on the edge of the district. It was a long hike out there, though well worth it in my estimation. The weather cooperated and we were able to finish collecting all