Wreck & Ruin "When I tell you….you'll look at me differently. You'll see me as wounded and I'm not. Not anymore. And I don't want you to think of me like that. I'd like you to see me as a friend ." Summary: Peeta Mellark has struggled with moving on from his childhood. Can he do it with peer counselor Katniss Everdeen? Modern AU. Rated E for language, adult content, emotional and physical child abuse, and disturbing violence toward a child. A/N: All the thanks to Caryn ( papofglencoe) for keeping me motivated while writing and honest in editing! Thanks to Jessa ( badnovels) for putting on this show that allowed me to write the idea lingering in the back of my mind and giving this fic a pre-read! And thanks to Alice ( thegreatorangedragon) for providing invaluable input! Also, I don't own The Hunger Games. Session 6: Hello It starts with this fantasy. It's not really a fantasy. A dream? A hope? A plan? Maybe. I would walk into your office, introduce myself as your worst nightmare. You would smile politely, not realizing your future and thinking it was a joke. A light bulb would flash in the dark recesses of your mind. An old fear would resurface. And you'd recognize my blue eyes and ashy blond hair, so much like your own. " Peeta?" you'd whisper as your complexion pales to ghost white. I'd let you chew on that thought for a while before I nod in confirmation. " Hello, mother." "And from there I freeze up," he admits. "Go on," his therapist encourages in her soft, comforting voice. Sometimes she uses her clinical voice on him. Sometimes she's bossy. He likes that voice the best. He is not supposed to like it, of course. He is not supposed to be attracted to her. The doctor-patient relationship is tricky enough without complicating it with his feelings, even when it's a farce. "That's just it, Dr. Everdeen," he begins. "I usually either wake up, paralyzed in terror, or I can't move past the introduction part when I run through the scenario in my mind. I don't know what to say after I've confronted her." "Well, this is a good start, Mr. Mellark," she says. "Is this something you think about often?" "Yes and no. I think about it a lot when I'm upset. I don't think about it when I'm not. It's sort of my go-to negative thought," he explains. "Why do you think that is?" she prompts. "I guess if something is going bad for me, thinking about her makes it worse?" he describes. "Thinking about how she's managing to go about her daily routine without thinking about me makes me sadder," he pauses and swallows. "Strategizing about how to wreck her day...how to burst her bubble...makes me feel better, gives me control over the negativity." "Well, you've heard the proverb—two wrongs don't make a right? So I can't really advocate negative thoughts toward another person, even your mother," she says, back in her clinical tone. "Please don't stand up for her or explain away her actions," he asks. "I would never excuse abuse," Katniss states. "I am suggesting that you focus on the good that could come from this. That you might gain a better understanding for her actions, to give it some closure." He breathes a sigh of relief. "Okay." And takes a few more deep breaths for good measure. "What is it that you want her to know?" He contemplates this question. It's a good one. His train of thought hops from one dark idea to another until he lands at his destination. "I want her to know that, despite her best efforts to wreck me, I survived. I graduated not only high school and college but am working on my graduate degree in teaching as well. I have friends, a solid job, a mortgage, and a dog. All without her. I need her to know that she didn't win." "There aren't any true victors in life, Mr. Mellark, just survivors." "Then I need her to know that I survived." She scratches the last bit out on her tablet and sets it aside. "Mr. Mellark, this is our sixth appointment and you haven't described, in your words, what all has transpired." A soft bolt of lightning streaks across the sky outside, drawing their attention to the time. Their hour is almost up. "Well, I guess it'll have to wait until our next session, Dr. Everdeen." "Saved by the bell, Mr. Mellark. Until next time then?" "See you next week, Dr. Everdeen," he says as he puts on his coat and shuffles out of the makeshift office, taking the long elevator ride twelve floors down to the street. He considers her question and whether he's ready or not to discuss the details of his mother's abuse. From their very first handshake, there was a spark of hope. Hope that she'd be able to help him. Hope that he could open up to her. Hope for his future. Hope that he'll heal. He hadn't seen her around on campus but that's not unusual for graduate students. Splitting hours of the day between coursework, research, teaching, or another job, there's not much time to lounge in the student center. The first five sessions had seemed to fly by. The most memorable being the first, when Dr. Everdeen had devised a game from her mentor, Dr. Jackson. She introduced him to 'real or not real' therapy to help him differentiate between things that are true and things that are imagined. It has helped them get to know each other better, to gain trust. The conversation floats back to his mind. " Is it wise to question my reality, Doctor?" " It's a trust exercise, Mr. Mellark. I need to trust that you're telling me the truth, and you need to trust me with your truths." " I see, but who is to verify these truths if we are just starting to get to know one another? How will you be able to confirm or deny most of what weighs on me?" " That's an excellent question, Mr. Mellark. We'll have to start small. With the little, observable things and go from there. Would you like to begin?" In just a short time, he had gotten to a good place with her. He spent a long time considering even the smallest pieces of information, but the foundation for their trust is of utmost importance. His greatest confusion still seems to center around his mother—and not everything can be explained simply—especially since he's holding back on all of his truths. Some of the exchanges have been painful and loaded, but he knows the worst is yet to come. His co-worker Annie had recommended therapy with Dr. Everdeen after he cried on her shoulder and talked about how fucked up he felt at times. How he could break down over something as random as an Adele song. It seemed like there was something damaged, broken deep inside of him. It's held him back in so many ways. He hasn't wanted to open himself up to major relationships. Annie is the closest he has gotten to a platonic relationship since Delly Cartwright. Delly was his neighbor growing up—they played like siblings when they were young. Her parents owned the shoe store next to his parents' bakery. Delly was a ray of sunshine compared to the stifling atmosphere at home, where his mother's actions always hung over the family. He took Delly to their high school prom, and they figured, as friends, it would be better to lose their virginity to each other before going off to college. They would occasionally hook up when they came home for holidays and summers. That abruptly ended when she met Thom her senior year. They're happily married now with one on the way. Since then, it's been a string of casual relationships. He never lets anyone get too close, or his walls are too thick. The thing with Delly was never romantic—she was safe. And she knew. So he didn't need to explain his issues with intimacy to her. He recalls explaining it to Dr. Everdeen in another session. " You see, I have a hard time opening myself up. I don't care if a girl sees me naked, but to have my heart in her hands, that's something different altogether." " You're afraid of getting hurt again, real or not real?" " Real." He was averse to seeing a psychologist and even more against seeing a psychiatrist—he didn't want be prescribed anything that would disrupt his already troubled sleeping pattern. The peer counseling offered through Capitol University had seemed liked the best option. He sees a psych student every week, pretends she's his doctor, and spills his guts. He gets someone to talk to, and she gets credits towards her advanced degree program. He reflects on his childhood some more. He took direction well as a child. Obeyed his parents and wrestling coach all through school. He led by example. It didn't stop his mom from finding fault in his actions, even as a small child. From doing what she did. It's time to tell her why this dream….this confrontation is so important to him. Next Thursday. Maybe. He doesn't always have this dream, but when he does there's nothing to comfort him when he wakes up either, just the knowledge that his mother wronged him—repeatedly. Annie's suggestion was earnest though, telling him all about how Katniss had helped her work through previous traumas that she won't share. Annie is on a first-name basis with Katniss. They hug at the close of each session. Katniss and he aren't. And they don't. It wouldn't feel right. No matter how much he'd like that. It's more than her body too. It's the way she's opened his mind and heart to the possibility of moving on from his past, for good. She's also ridiculously patient with him and his stubbornness. Every now and then, he see cracks in the veneer. She bites her lip and scowls at him. A lot. She's pretty stubborn herself though he imagines that she sees him as a tough nut to crack too. Formidable on the outside, full of secrets and scary stuff of the inside. Can he tell her though? He signed up for this exercise with that inevitability, but now that he has gotten to know her, it's going to be harder to admit these atrocities. Until then, it will be another long night of absorbing and decompressing his therapy...and denying to himself that it's his pseudo-therapist he's envisioning when he jacks off before bed. Session 7: Flirting Patient Mellark has only supplied hints as to the depths of abuse inflicted by his mother. His leg injury is evident, though he hasn't mentioned it specifically yet. I can hear the difference in his footfalls. One is heavier than the other. My intuition tells me that the damage goes beyond physical abuse. That she has stripped him of confidence in relationships and that, while he presents himself as put together, still waters run deep. He might have several layers left to peel back before he can truly heal and feel strong enough to confront her. She finishes reviewing her notes from their last appointment and raises her head to see him being ushered into the room, promptly at 4pm. "Thanks Rue," she directs to the student assistant, who slips from the room before she ends the statement. "Good afternoon, Dr. Everdeen," he greets and takes his seat in the English roll arm chaise across from her. He's wearing a gray fleece today that stretches across his broad shoulders. Although it isn't necessary, she secretly loves it when he calls her 'Dr.' He's great at this stuff. He leans back and props one ankle on his knee. His shoelaces are double knotted. Someone is feeling relaxed today. "Mr. Mellark, in our last session," she