Katniss notices the older white Bronco on the side of the road as she passes by on I-12. The truck is stranded a little more than halfway between Beeville and Seven Acres. The hood is up and the engine is smoking, but otherwise, it looks abandoned. About a mile up the road, she sees a guy walking in the emergency lane. As she approaches, she detects a slight limp in his stride and notices his head trained on the horizon. She releases her foot off the gas and shifts to a lower gear to close in on him. She runs a finger across the dark strands escaping her braid at her temple and straightens out the hem of her dress. His white shirt and short blond hair stands out against the forest backdrop, and it looks like he's fisting a dark blue shirt, too. He looks angry, but not dangerous. She figures she'd be a little angry too, if her car had broken down. Hell...it had happened to her before, and a good samaritan had helped her out, so this was her chance to pay it forward . She pulls over in front of him and reaches across the seat to crank down her passenger window. He approaches the passenger side cautiously and bends over the window, his hands on the window sill. She notices grease under his fingernails and a smattering of freckles across his forearms. Two bright blue eyes meet hers. She takes a deep breath. She exhales and the corners of her mouth lift. "Hi there, was that your white truck?" "Yes ma'am, it is. I need a lift to the next town," he replies. "Well lucky for you, I'm headed that way. Hop on in," she offers with a little grin. He gives her a tight smile and locks his jaw. He opens the door and pauses. She tries not to stare as he starts rubbing his hands on his jeans, trying to rid himself of the grime on his hands and forearms. "Oh hey, did you need something for that? I carry a few towels in my glove box. I'm somewhat spill prone, so I try to have a towel or two on hand for my little messes." Jesus Katniss, ramble much? Get a hold of yourself! She juts forward and her long braid whips around as she reaches across to the glove box to pull out an old towel. "Yeah, that would be great, thank you." He takes the towel from her and wipes off as much as he could. "That's dirt and coolant on there now, so you might want to just toss it when you drop me off." She pauses, What? Oh. "Okay, where do you need to go?" she queries. "Do you know Odair's garage? It's just ahead in Seven Acres, on the corner of 4th and S Avenue," he supplies. "I think I know the area, yeah...I can take you there," she guarantees him. "Thanks. Appreciate it," he says. She looks him over again, suddenly a tad weary with this polite, but abrupt man now sitting in her car. The blue shirt she noticed earlier was now lying across his knees, somewhat haphazardly. She notes it's also covered in grime, but she sees a name tag stitched on the chest. She was just about to make out the name when he clears his throat. She brings her eyes back to his and notices how they are framed in very pale, but long eyelashes. Oh yeah. Put it back in drive dummy. She steers back onto the road and tries to resume their conversation. "So, what's wrong with your truck?" she starts. "Blown radiator hose. Blew coolant everywhere," he rattles off. "You sound pretty confident about that. Are you a mechanic or something?" she teases. "Actually, yes. I work over at Floyd's Restoration in Beeville," he responds. "Oh, so that's your work shirt," she gestures to the garment in his lap. "Yeah, that's me, 'Peeta', as it says right here," he tells her as he holds up the badge. "Oh, I couldn't be sure," she prattles, "I have friends that buy those shirts at thrift shops. So, Gale wears a 'Bob' shirt and Thom is a 'Dave', and so on..." He didn't look like he got her humor, as he wasn't even mildly laughing or smiling. Shit. And here she thought she was being funny. "I'm Katniss Everdeen," she states quickly, trying to redirect conversation to a good place. "Thank you for stopping, Katniss. And thanks for the ride," he says with a smile. This smile was different. It was little looser, like there was something behind it, but she cannot be sure. "So..." What did he say was wrong on his truck? "Your truck... you couldn't fix it, or MacGuyver it or something?" she asks. He barks out a short laugh, "Ha. Nah. It needs a new hose and more coolant. Finn will have the stuff, and he can take me back, so I'll be out of your hands soon enough," he says. "Oh," she laments and bites her lip. She likes him being in her hands. "Duct tape and a paper clip wouldn't have made a difference it his situation," he offers with a lighter tone than before. Katniss laughs. "Oh...yeah, probably not." Peeta grins now. "Everdeen, hun? You're Prim's sister?" She straightens up her in seat immediately. "Yes, why?" At full attention now, Katniss shoots back, "How do you know my sister?" "Whoa there tiger, she's dating a friend of mine. I've had to play third wheel a few times," he explains. She softens immediately. "Oh…wait. Peeta?" gesturing to his work shirt again, "Peeta Mellark?" "How many 'Peeta''s are there in Beeville?" he asks. She blushes. "Not too many I guess. So you're the baker's son?" There's just the one in her memory but this man before her is definitely not that boy anymore. "Youngest of three, yes," Peeta replies. "Oh, I think I was a year younger than you in school – wait – how much older is this friend that Prim is seeing and why didn't I know about it?" she muses. "Easy there – you know Rory, don't you? So get your cackles down," he cautions. "Hey, just a few blocks up here, on the right." Damn. Are they there already? She's not quite done talking to him – after just now putting it together that he was that loner kid in high school she never talked to. He looked different back then. His hair was longer back then for starters – it used to fall in soft waves and his face seemed softer in her memory. Now, his features are slightly sharper with age and his longer, ash blonde curls are short. He has a strong jawline with just a hint of scruff. Stalling, Katniss sputters, "Do you get harassed by the alumni committee, you know, for the five year reunion?" He shakes his head. "Nah, they don't bother me." "But aren't you curious about some of the people we went to school with? I mean...how they turned out?" She is craning her neck now, to see his reaction on the other side of the car. She watches his profile as he takes a deep inhale and releases it after a beat, still focused on the road ahead "No," he replies. Before she can follow up, he turns his upper body toward her, and states, "In fact, you were the only one I ever thought about after graduation." She gapes at him and searches herself for a response but is shocked into silence. She is shaken out of her stupor when he taps the window to indicate the garage. "That's it, across the block," he tells her. "Oh, well hey – I want to make sure that you can get your part and the other … stuff," she stumbles. "Are you sure you'll be able to get back to your truck to fix it – before dark? Because I'm just going to run a few errands and head back to Beeville, if you need a lift back to your truck," she finishes as she approaches the garage. Peeta nods, "Yeah, I think I can manage," he says as he unbuckles his seat belt. Katniss fishes for a pen from her center console. "Here, take my number, just in case." She scribbles down her cell phone number. He laughs as she shoves the scrap of paper into his hands. "Okay, okay – just in case." Their fingers brush in the brief contact and a thrill dances down her spine. She can't believe she just gave a guy her number. She can't believe she just gave Peeta Mellark her phone number. Shit. She smiles back at him as he leans back and exits the car. Her mind reels as she watches him walk away. He's thought about me? Me? I'm the only one he's thought abou t? She can't hit Prim's preset number fast enough as she mashes the '7' and dial buttons. Prim picks up on the second ring. "Sister. Tell me everything I've missed in the last five years about Peeta Mellark," she demands. "Hello to you too, sister. Why do you ask?" Prim teases. Exasperated already, Katniss sighs. "Because I asked you and maybe because I just gave him a lift to Seven Acres." Prim hums. "I was wondering when you two would reconnect. That didn't take long." Katniss gasps, "What? Reconnect? When did we connect? Please start making sense," she pleads. "Oh, well... you didn't give him or any other guys the time of day in high school, but it was obvious that he had a crush on you," she says. "What? And you never mentioned it? How was it obvious to everyone but me? And I knew he existed. I just didn't think about...guys like that," she replies. Or at least that she would have shared with her sister. Prim did not need to know the aggressive sexual thoughts she kept locked away in her head. "Katniss..." she leads. "Don't sugarcoat it Prim. Just say it," she quips. "Well, you can be really dense when it comes to the opposite sex. You were focused on school and your extracurricular activities. Head cheerleader and honor roll. Didn't leave a lot of room for other thoughts," she describes. "So that's why he told me I'm the only one he thought about after high school?" she ponders. "He said that? Wow. His confidence must have really been through the roof today. Or he was being cocky. I've mostly seen him be cocky. One night he got pretty drunk though and admitted he had a thing for you after I goaded him," she rambles. "Drunk? You're 18. How did...?" she questions. "Katniss! Again with the density. I wasn't drinking, neither was Rory. It was just Peeta and we were keeping him company at the icehouse until he sobered up." she expounds. "So spill it, what's he been doing? Who has he been doing? How serious was this thing for me?" Katniss fires back. "He started working at Floyd's out of high school and has been working on or painting cars ever since. If you see a restored car or truck on the road in the tri-county area that looks like it just came from the showroom but you know is decades old, Peeta had something to do with it," she enlightens. "So why didn't he stay at the bakery?" she contemplates. "Would you stay with that witch? If you had a choice?" Prim retorts. "Well no, not with a cruel mother like that, but it's a family business," Katniss reasons. "Yeah, but he has brothers who can help. He chose a different path," she defends. "But he's still here. Is he single? He acted single today," she notes optimistically. "Oh...he always acts single, even when he's leaving with a girl. I've never seen him with the same girl more than twice and he never takes