Beginning Author's Note: This is an AU. In this AU, Kings and Queens rule the land, and the validity of magic is questioned. Please follow and review if you'd like to see more. Leagues Away- Chapter 1 Never had Hermione seen someone so lost in their own home. Crown Prince of Durmstrang, Viktor Krum, stood at an open window overlooking the ocean. He'd been like that for the past quarter of an hour and hadn't seemed to have noticed that Hermione had entered the room. Hermione knew he'd been under a lot of stress lately, but as much as she desired to, she could not broach the subject with the crown prince as to what was worrying him, it was not the place of a tutor to do so. Hermione clasped her hands in front of her and slowly approached him. She stood beside his elbow and curtsied low. "Your Highness, I am sorry to intrude on your thoughts but we must begin you history lesson." "Hermione, you know I do not like my friends showing me this level of pleasantries. No one is around, so please, rise." Hermione lifted herself from her curtsy. "As your tutor I cannot treat you with any other level of courtesy than that of a Crown Prince, and as such, I must insist that you call me Lady Granger." "There is no one around H-Lady Granger." Viktor had changed his words after seeing the look of warning on Hermione's face. Hermione internally sighed with relief, at his correction. If Viktor began to call her by name she was sure that her thinking would go awry and leave her floundering like a fish out of water. "As your friend, I do understand that it is unnerving to be treated kindly when you've been born into your situation. But you have earned my respect Your Highness, because of your words and actions. However, if we do not start your lesson soon, then I'm not sure that I will be able to convince the Queen that I'm making any impact on you with my teachings." Hermione was born in middle class, her father holding a minor position in the Durmstrang government. Although her father was a diligent, hard working gentleman, it was her mother who had taken it upon herself to be of service to the kingdom by becoming the royal tutor. Hermione had disliked the royal family for most of her childhood for taking monopoly of her mother and father. Hermione was left to read books and entertain herself most days, wondering how people could demand respect when they were only born into a position. When she was age seven, her mother had taken her to the Durmstrang Castle where she met Prince Viktor for the first time. She thought him a pretentious prick of a prince who didn't deserve her smile and courtesy. It was over several visits and Viktor's gallantry and curiosity about Hermione's coldness that coerced Hermione into revealing her dislike of him. To her surprise, Viktor hadn't raised his voice or sent her away, he readily agreed with her that a leader should deserve respect, not command it. He pledged that day to be a ruler that could recognize his own faults and has the integrity to do the right thing. It was because of that time that Hermione reassessed her notion of him. Viktor's figure drooped slightly. "My mother is a wonderful woman, and one of the most wonderful women I have the happiness to know, apart from you, of course Lady Granger." A slight blush flooded Hermione's cheeks, the flattering compliments came more and more frequently from Viktor. She had been Viktor's official tutor for a half year, and with each lesson she could feel a slight change within herself. "Thank you kindly Your Highness, you are too kind." Hermione said with a curtsy. Viktor's lips twitched into a grin and Hermione's thoughts scattered. It seemed to be occurring more frequently to her. "We had talked about the Great Compromise between your kingdom and that of the Weasleys, today I wanted to ask if you had a basic understanding of that time or if you'd wish to review any points with me. A paper of reflection and what you believe you might have done differently will be required by next week. If you've yet to write it, I did bring spare parchment, quill and ink along with me." Hermione nodded in the direction of her satchel, which also housed a two history texts as well as a text on theories of Spell Casters, and whether or not they were phonies. A small crease appeared between Viktor's brows. "I believe my knowledge of the Great Compromise has improved immensely since you have come to help me, Lady Granger. I have yet to begin that paper; however, I am a bit perplexed on another matter I was hoping you could assist me with." "I would be glad to help, Your Highness." "As you know, I will be having my debut ball soon, and my dance instructor has been away sick. I've learned a little of waltz, but I'm afraid it's more or less left me. If you wouldn't mind, I would like to spend the rest of my time covering that." He stood from the table in one fluid movement and gave Hermione a bow, offering his hand to her. "May I have this dance Lady Granger?" Hermione placed her hand in Viktor's. "I would love to; however, I must warn you I have not instructed anyone on the proper way to dance. I might not be qualified." "I do not mind in the slightest; I do need to practice, and you would not want me to step on a lady's toes." "Of course not." "Then, let us waltz." Viktor rose and led Hermione onto the open space of the floor. The room was often used as their meeting place. Hermione appreciated it's many windows as well as the open floor and tall ceilings. The only artwork in the room was a grand piano and a large painting of the royal family. Viktor spun Hermione in front of him and held her right hand in his left. "Please, teach me as if I knew nothing of the waltz." "Yes. Well, a man would stop and take the woman up into his arms-" Viktor stepped in front of Hermione and placed his free right hand on her back. Hermione naturally put her left hand atop his biceps, they contracted under her fingertips. "What comes next Lady Granger?" Hermione brushed her dry lips with her tongue. "Well there is no music to wait for so we can go over the steps." "Is this the right hold? At past parties I remember the couples being closer than we are now." It was true, the space between Hermione and Viktor could fit another individual. Couples in the royal court would dance chest to chest as they whirled across the dance floor in a flurry of twirls and the fluttering of caps and dresses. A closer hold gave stability, but also a… much closer connection between the partners. "Yes… those of the royal court will dance closed hold. Perhaps when you are comfortable with closed hold we can move on." Hermione stepped away from Viktor in order to stand beside him. "The basic steps are a box when you do not move, but using your frame you can move your lady in the direction you choose. The basic step for the male starts forward with your left foot." Hermione went on to explain the basic steps to Viktor, how to hold himself as the lead, simple but elegant moves, and how to maneuver the dance floor. "So if you find yourself with another couple behind you-" "Lady Granger, would it not be more ideal to dance with you and practice in that respect? I've yet to dance and practice your teachings." Viktor held out his left hand to Hermione, and by the basic courtesy in her she had to accept. Viktor stepped in, bringing his right hand onto her back and pulling her into his side so that her rib cage was pressed firmed onto his own. The breath went out of Hermione, but she didn't protest as it was the right hold and she wasn't sure if she'd want to protest regardless. Being so close to him and feeling his warmth made her knees tingle. Hermione leaned her head back and relaxed her shoulders into the proper follow frame. Her mind was so preoccupied that Viktor's beginning count was almost lost on her. Viktor took off with graceful steps and a strong guiding frame so that she knew where they were to be going. He spun her, dipped her, and held her close so that Hermione had no other room in her mind besides Viktor's body pressed against hers. When Viktor turned Hermione out, she wished she could dance longer. "How was that, Lady Granger?" "O-Oh, yes. That was lovely Your Highness. You do learn quickly; I'm sure you'll have no trouble for your debut ball." A debut ball for any crown prince was to declare he was to begin his search for his bride, and Viktor's was to take place in two months time. It was as if Viktor had not heard her. "May I please call you Lady Hermione as the very least?" Hermione's heart twisted viciously. "I-, yes, yes you may." "Thank you, it had been so hard trying to keep myself in check on that matter… May I ask one more question?" "You are the crown prince, Your Highness, you may ask me any question." A small smile twitched across Viktor's face. "What are your plans for the future? Are you thinking of staying at the castle and replacing your mother in due course? Perhaps travel, I know many women who have taken to traveling a small portion before settling down." Viktor's voice trailed off towards the end. "I-I have had no thoughts of the future to speak the truth. I suppose staying the course of my mother is what I am currently on. I had not thought on… the other matters." "I see… then I suppose, so I will rely on your guidance from now on, as the tentative future royal tutor." Viktor gave a mock bow, to which Hermione curtsied to. Hermione gave a small giggle at Viktor's actions. "Yes, I suppose so. However, I believe the coming preparations will be cut out time short; your father will no doubt take over your teaching once you've come up to speed on current happenings of the kingdom. I will no longer be needed to instruct you on your History or Math." Viktor's eyebrows puckered together for a moment as his words formed. "No, I believe that I will be in need of instruction of dance from you Lady Granger. I enjoyed your instruction, and seeing as the dance instructor has been gone this past week, I could use the extra instruction." Viktor glanced down at me and quickly away. Heat rose in her chest and a weakening Hermione's knees would have her on the ground if it weren't for Viktor's strong frame holding her aloft. Just then, there came a knock at the door. Viktor stepped away from Hermione and composed himself. "Enter." he commanded in a smokey, appealing tone that sent a shiver down Hermione's spine. The King's messenger entered the room, bowing to Viktor. "Your Highness, the King wishes to see you in the conference room." "What is the matter on?" The messenger glanced at Hermione, unsure if it was proper to speak of royal matters in front of her. "She is trustworthy with any information you divulge. What is the matter on that my father requests my presence?" The messenger flushed slightly. "Yes, the matter concerns the ships at sea. Men disappear and some are found to be shipwrecked. We've received word of a third on within the