Disclaimer : This is a work of fan fiction using characters of the book series "Twilight". The books created by Stephenie Meyer and was published by Little, Brown and Company in the US. I do not claim any ownership over the characters or the world of Twilight. The story I tell here is my own invention, and it is not purported or believed to be part of the creator's story canon. This story is for entertainment only and is not part of the official story line. I am not profiting financially from the creation and publication of this story. Any characters that are not in the show and created by me are also fictional and any semblance with real people is purely coincidental. The tattoo : The picture I have of the story is Bella's tattoo more or less. There are a lot variations of it depending on the person. The picture is taken by an action role playing video game called "The elder scrolls V: Skyrim"andis developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. Again I own nothing and I don't have any financial gain by using it to my story. I saw the picture by browsing the net. The bike shop : It's real and in Seattle. I googled it. Again I have no profit of it. I just wanted a bike shop in Seattle and there it was! Of course I have no idea who the owner is. This person is fictional character in my story. A/N : English is not my first language, so bare with me please. Feedback is good for anything you want to say to me. Negative, positive... I'm all for it. So comments please. This is my first attempt on Twilight. I hope you like it. Chapter 1 Growing up in a small town like Forks in Washington, gave me different things to do than growing up in a city. So, my best friend Jacob and I grew up, literally, in his father's garage. At the age of ten I knew more about cars than the guys at 'Car and Driver' and at the age of fourteen, I knew how to tore an engine apart and then rebuild it looking like a new one. Also, growing up in Forks, I never had trouble with money. Dad was very generous with me as a child, something that I repaid in kind and never let him lift a finger for any work around the house. But I still remember the exact time I decided to work at the very young age of ten. It was summer vacation from school and we were at Billy's garage driving the guy crazy with all our questions when we heard a motorcycle coming from afar. It was a rider traveling along the road in what now I understand was a touring bike. It was the first time I fell in love with something. That moment I vowed that one day I will have the money to buy one brand new touring bike. I was nine then and the day I turned ten I asked dad as a birthday present if I could find a job. It was the first time he called me 'an odd child'. It wasn't the last either. I don't remember my dad say 'no' to me. Never. No matter what I asked of him he would always give in. Whether because he was raising me alone- my mom left us when I was two- or because I never asked for something unrealistic and difficult, I don't know. A third option would be because he just loves me that much but this is mushy- and I secretly know that this is the actual reason . So, the next time we went out to eat in our only option at Forks, before we sit down, he announced to the packed deli that whoever needed an errant girl, I was their best choice. And so like that, I had become the person for all kinds of easy jobs around the town. From clearing the back yards from leafs to recycling bottles and cans. The thing is that I was smart and willing to do anything. Add that to my age and I was the epitome of a perfect 'yes sir' little trooper. By the age of thirteen, I was cleaning houses, attics, garages and basements. I was doing some yard and garden work, I was babysitting, pet sitting and was looking out for the houses for the families who had to leave for a period of time. I've learnt to paint fences and how to run a garage sales for neighbors and acquaintances. At thirteen I also convinced my dad to let me work for the local newspaper. I was proofreading their ads and I was also delivering some of the subscriptions. I had a route every morning. During the weekends a couple of elderly would ask me to read to them for some extra cash. At fifteen I started working to a local shop for hikers during the weekends... Life was good. That is the reason I could afford my car and how I met Luke, the owner of a bike shop in Seattle. It was a warm summer morning at the age of fourteen when dad asked me if I wanted to spend the day with him. We would go to Seattle because he had some errands to run but after that the day was ours. I jumped at the opportunity. We work both hard and long hours and we only have the chance to see each other early in the morning or later at night. So every time we have the odd day off together we try to spend as much time with each other as possible. The ride there was filled with conversations about sports and plans for the future. We laughed with jokes and generally we had a good time. Upon arriving, dad and I got separated. He started his errands and I went window shopping. I was walking for an hour when I passed a motorcycle shop. I was ecstatic, so I got in. I thought I have died and gone to heaven. It wasn't a random dealer shop, no, it was a Ducati dealer-shop. As I was looking around, a guy about twenty five came over to me. I instantly blushed. I must have looked like a lovesick puppy and I didn't want to give the impression I was into him- all the love was for the bikes around me, not him. But he seemed friendly with his winning smile and very welcome look in his blue eyes. "Ah... I see another bike lover. I recognize the look in your eyes miss. Who got your eye?" He asked enthusiastically. I grinned then. I knew that I had made a friend for life there! I pointed to a bike beside me. "That one. When I'm old enough to have my motorcycle endorsement, that is the one I will buy." I pointed to the one I liked most. I expected him to laugh but he didn't. "A good choice. You like touring bikes then?" "I do. And after a careful research through the internet I decided... I love this one." "It's good to know what you like miss. Welcome to Ducati Seattle. I'm Luke Wilson the owner." "Nice to meet you mister Wilson. I'm Isabella Swan." "Please call me Luke. Mr Wilson makes me feel old." He smiled friendly. "Only if you call me Bella." I smiled back. "You have a deal. Would you like to see the shop? Although I am an official Ducati dealer I am a mechanic first and I repair or restore other bikes too. If you want to look around feel free to do so. I have quiet the collection at the back of the shop. Call me if you need anything. I will be at the front desk ok?" I nodded and went to the back of the shop like he said. He had indeed a beautiful collection of restored older bikes. It was impressive. I was looking closer to one of them when something licked my hand. I looked down and saw the cutest little thing, a brown and white Jack Russell Terrier. When he saw that I had his attention he started yapping happily around me. "Hey boy, where did you come from?" I said kneeling down to pet him. He licked my hand again and started to move away. I chase after him, don't ask me why. He led me to a side door at the back wall where the helmets were. I followed him in and I froze. I think it was the second time I fell in love with something. A broken, very rusty and dusty old car body of a Pontiac Firebird. I had a good idea of what I wanted to do when I was older but that moment sealed it for me. I would restore old cars. And that one would be my first. Not only my first restored car but my first car period. A man around forty came into view that moment. He had kind eyes and a gentle smile. "Hi there. I see you found Spike." "Actually, I was looking at Luke's bikes when he found me and brougth me here. I didn't mean to impose." "Oh, don't worry about it. It's Luke's body shop here. I'm working for him. The name is John." "Nice to meet you. I'm Bella." I said politely and he smiled in return. He saw my eyes returning to the destroyed old car and smirked. "That is Luke's next project. When we finish with this we will have a brand new '72 Camaro." "Not a chance! Not a Camaro, not a Mercury Cougar, not a Mustang! You will have a Firebird." I smirked at him showing off my knowledge of the cars that shared the same body for a little while at least. "Here, here! A girl after my own heart... You know your cars Bella. It's a '72 Trans Am" He replied enthusiastically. I gave a mock curtsey and we both laughed out loud. When we calmed down, I asked how much it costs in its state and John said that Luke got it for free from an old friend who needed to get real fast out of state for a job and he was giving away everything unnecessary. His grandfather had bought it for his dad as his first car. The last time it was on the streets was late 80's. Unfortunately, it was out in a field for more than twenty- two years." He told me the story of the car. I was impressed. It's good for the car to have one owner. It means that it was authentic, although, the fact that was out in the open for so long was obviously bad for the car. That was a good information for me because I started a plan in my head. I talked a bit longer with John when Luke came in. "Hey, here you are. I thought you left." "Nope, Spike brought me here." I grinned. "Ah... I should have thought about it." He said as if it was a repeated phenomenon for Spike to bring customers back here. "Hey Luke, I have a question. How much do you sell this Firebird?" I asked sweetly. "Eh... it's not ready yet Bella. It's not for sale." "How about two grand... cash." I added for emphasis. He looked at me with narrowed eyes. "Two grand is what I paid for it." He said and I saw John doing hand gestures to his boss. "No, it was handed to you for free and two grand is pure profit." I saw him with satisfaction dropping his jaw. "No deal. How about four grand?" He asked smirking. "It doesn't worth this much in the state the car is in. No way. How about two fifty?" "No, three fifty."