To The Beat of the Drums Summary: Alexandria Valentina Jackson is Percy's twin sister. She's been with Percy all her life. Unlike her brother, she was always interested in any type of mythology and any style of fighting. However, her life changes when she is placed in the care of Artemis as a temporary Huntress. This is the story of the forgotten child of Poseidon. Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or anything mentioned in this fic except my oc, A. V. J. Lynn, AJ, Sherlock, Lexi, Alex, Andria, Lex Onyx black pearl in silver clam necklace Prologue: The Little Things '' Enjoy the little things in life for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.'' -Robert Brault ''Alexandria, put that down,'' Sally Jackson scolded her ten-month old daughter. Alexandria merely blinked at her lazily from where she rested in the white wooden crib, wrapped in a thick sea green blanket. The shade matched her eyes. Her twin brother, Percy, rested next to her, wrapped in a dark blue blanket, instead of green. His eyes were similar to his twin sisters, though they were currently closed. His eyes reflected the sea, calm, while Alexandria's shined brighter than any jewel, her emotions easily seen within them. Right now, they reflected a curiosity as she studied the object in her hands as if was the most interesting thing in the world. Her mother was scolding her for holding a metal spoon, playing with it in her tiny hands. Sally reached down and plucked it out of her hands, instantly replacing it with the stuffed white Pegasus that she loved as Alexandria's nose scrunched up in displeasure. Immediately, her face smoothed out again as she cuddled with the Pegasus plushy, satisfied with the switch. She cooed at the beloved plushy, as if could talk back to her and they were having a lovely conversation. ''They're beautiful,'' Poseidon breathed, staring down at his children. His sea green eyes were soft as he glanced between them, hesitating on the dozing Percy before carefully picking up Alexandria, settling her in his arms. Briefly distracted from her plushy, Alexandria looked up at her father, blinking twice, her face blank, as if she didn't know how to react. Poseidon felt a small seed of fear and worry in his heart as he smiled down at his daughter, trying to relax. However, he didn't need to worry about her reaction. Alexandria's eyes lit up like light bulbs as she smiled widely at her father, cooing livingly at him as her tiny hands reached out, gently resting on his face. Pleased at her unexpected reaction, Poseidon's lips curled up at the corners in a soft smile as he leaned into her hands, feeling the soft fingers brush over his cheeks. As he did, he was surprised as she leaned forward, her head dropping to press her small forehead against his much larger one. The touch was as gentle as a butterfly's kiss and it felt strangely intimate, as if she were pouring her feelings for him in that one touch. Poseidon's sea-green eyes locked with hers as she smiled at him, giggling cutely, not moving her forehead. His eyes widened as his eye-sight was replaced with a vision. It was a vision of himself, nervous and all. Feelings of warmth, acceptance, love, and comfort sunk into him as the picture sharpened, showing his anxiety in the beginning. Gradually, the picture faded and he blinked, his eye sight restored as the vision receded. Speechless, he stared at his daughter with wide, surprised eyes. The vision had not come from him. No, it had shown him so that left only one person responsible for it. That person was currently staring up at him with understanding, calm, sea-green irises that were dimmed, seeming worried about his reaction to her ability. His eyes softened as he realized that she was scared. She was scared of what his reaction would be. He was, after all, her father. She did seek his approval, even if she was only a few months old at the time. That was the moment that Poseidon knew. He knew, at that moment, that he never wanted to disappoint his children. He never wanted to make them feel unloved or undesired in any way, shape, or form. His children were going to be powerful, yes, but he would be there to teach them how to control that power. It all started with his acceptance of Alexandria's rising ability. He didn't disapprove. In fact, he was awed and shocked. After all, Empaths had not been in existence for at least a few thousand years. They were an extremely rare thing. To think, many had been searching for one for years but his daughter had the gift. Not only could she sense emotions, she was also able to project her thoughts, emotions, and visions onto others by touch. That had been unheard of. It hadn't been done before by any Empath ever recorded. It seemed his daughter was born to be powerful. Truly, it didn't surprise him. Percy would most likely have great abilities as well. Both of his children would have to walk a dangerous path when they were older. Therefore, Poseidon closed his eyes and leaned forward, allowing his emotions of acceptance and love to leak out, knowing Alexandria would sense it. Instantly, her face lit up as she smiled at him widely, giggling cutely. His eyes opened and he grinned back at her, holding her close to him. He just knew Alexandria would be the key to it all. Zeus and Hades would definitely try to seek her out, along with quite a number of dangerous monsters. She would have to be hidden, out of sight. She would have to disappear. Poseidon knew this as well as he knew the sea. However, for now, he let Alexandria live her life and grow up, memorizing the sound of his daughter's sweet laughter as well as the wide smile and bright, shining eyes. ''Freak! ,'' Frankie, a six-year-old boy with brown hair sneered. Alexandria's eyes widened as she stepped closer to her twin brother, her hand dropping down to link with his, gripping it tightly. Percy glared at the tight circle of older kids around them, his hand tightening in hers. They had merely been walking to the bank for a favor for their mother but were ambushed in an abandoned courtyard just before they reached it. ''Look at you,'' Frankie laughed nastily, standing right in front of the four-year-old twins. His attention was focused on Percy while Alexandria huddled into her twin's side, frightened as she watched the mocking and amused expressions on the older children's faces. ''You're so ugly and weird that your father couldn't even stand the sight of you. That's why he left you and your pathetic mother!'' Despite trying to ignore the boy's words, tears started welling up in Percy's eyes but he struggled to keep them from falling, sniffling and tightening his grip on Alexandria. However, Alexandria had a completely different reaction to the boy's words. Her fear slipped away as she noticed the tears in her twin brother's eyes as he sniffled. Immediately, her fear faded to be replaced by anger. Her twin brother should not be crying! Her eyes narrowed angrily as she turned to face Frankie, growling. ''Say you're sorry, Frankie!'' ''Or what? ,'' Frankie taunted, laughing mockingly. ''What are you gonna do, little girl? Force me to play dolls and have tea parties with you? You know what I said is true. You and your brother are the reasons your Dad left you and your sorry mom!'' ''Dolls and tea parties are boring,'' Alexandria muttered quietly, her eyes narrowed as they locked onto the six-year old boy laughing at her brother. She didn't care about his insult towards her. It didn't matter. However, she couldn't dismiss the insult to her twin brother. No one hurt her twin brother and got away with it, no one . ''Say you're sorry, Frankie, now.'' ''Or what? ,'' he repeated, raising an eyebrow and leaning forward, as if daring her to say something. That was the last straw for Alexandria. ''This! ,'' she cried, releasing her twin brother's hand and launching herself at the six-year-old boy in a football tackle. He cried out in shock, falling down onto the ground with her on top of him. Sitting up, Alexandria raised one clenched fist before slamming it down into his nose, hearing a satisfyingly loud cracking sound ring through the courtyard at the move. She continued punching him, ignoring the other children as they crowded around her. Some were booing, some were cheering for Frankie, and some were cheering her on. Frankie struggled, trying to shove the four-year-old girl off of him as his fists swung upwards, catching her in the side of the jaw. A low hiss left her lips before she ignored the small injury and continued beating the stuffing out of the boy who had dared to mock her twin brother and make him cry. It was an amusing sight to see the tiny, four-year-old girl beating the crap out of a boy at least twice her size and two years older than her. That was when some of the other kids joined in, trying to help Frankie. It became an all-out brawl as Alexandria tried to fight off all ten of the older children. That didn't work out so well. She was outnumbered but she managed to back away, returning to her twin brother's side and grabbing his hand in hers. Her sea-green eyes flickered around at all the older children before returning to Frankie, who had just managed to stand back up with the help of two of his friends. She noted with satisfaction that she had gotten quite a few good shots in. He had two black eyes, his nose was broken, and his face was cut up from their brawl. The only sign that Alexandria had of a fight was a tiny scrape on the side of her jaw where Frankie had gotten a lucky shot in. Quickly, Alexandria grabbed her Percy's hand and darted off down the street, pulling her twin brother after her. The older children ran after them, yelling and shouting. However, it didn't last long as the two Jackson twins quickly passed far ahead of them, out of reach. Despite their older age, Frankie and his friends stood no chance compared to Percy and Alexandria, who loved to run, even if it was for fun alone. ''That was awesome! ,'' Percy laughed as they ran, knowing they weren't being followed anymore. ''I know right! He so deserved that! ,'' his twin sister agreed, laughing breathlessly as they continued to run down the sidewalk, their hands joined between them. They headed towards the bank, knowing they still had to do the errand they had originally set out for or their mother would become suspicious. Inside the bank, Alexandria gave Percy the code for their mother's bank account before heading to the ladies' restroom. She quickly cleaned up her barely ruffled appearance. It was all small touches, such as braiding her thick raven black hair back into a neat side braid, cleaning the scrape on her face, pulling out her emergency make-up kit that her mom had given her as a gift for the past Christmas and hiding the tiny scrape on her jaw, and washing her hands. When she left the bathroom and reunited with Percy, she looked as if she had never been in a fight at all. When they arrived back home, the twins handed their mother the required money before she sent them off to do what they wanted. She never did find out about the fight and it was kept between the Jackson twins, one of their own secrets. ''Listen, sweetheart,'' Poseidon crouched in front of the eight-year-old Alexandria, who stared up at her father