This drabble was inspired by a picture drawn by up the hillart the picture is of Draco using his wand to get the wrinkles out of this suit and Hermione putting a pair of heels on. Flashback to year six in Hogwarts: Since Hermione caught Ron cheating on her with Lavender Brown after a quidditch match. She has been spending even more time in the library because they keep snogging in the common room. Everyday Hermione is in the library she sees Draco sitting alone at a table everyday. One day she couldn't take it anymore her curiosity getting the better of her. She goes over to the table and sits down interrupting Draco from staring out the window. " Go away Granger." Hermione doesn't move " No we've come to some sort of a silent agreement after I punched you in third year you don't call me mudblood anymore and I start being relatively nice to you." Draco nods but still doesn't look at her " Go away." Hermione not moving but looks around its empty the part of the library there in is empty. "I'm still not leaving talk to me I'm the only one in this school who stands up to you and you like that. I saw you in potions the other day you looked completely out of it but my voice brought you back." Draco looks around its true her voice brought him out of his thinking " Not here astronomy tower after curfew." Xxx After curfew Hermione slipped out of Gryffindor tower and sneaks up to the astronomy tower. She sees Draco looking out into the night. " You came." Hermione walks up to him " Your my friend and I want answers." Draco looks over at her she's just in a pair of jeans and a sweater. They have been friends since the summer after she punched him. It's like everything clicked after that he realized he had been a fowl loathsome evil little cockroach especially to her. When in reality he had feelings for her. One summer afternoon Hermione was in her room when an owl appeared outside her window she lets the owl on and there's a note: Hermione I'm sorry for being extremely cruel and a fowl loathsome evil little cockroach to you. It's just we were brought up so differently I was brought up to hate what you are when in reality I quite admire. Your just as smart as i am and your the only one in Hogwarts I can tolerate. Plus nobody has ever punched me in the face before. Draco. " What do want to know?" Hermione moved her hand over his on the railing. "What's wrong with you why are you paler than usual, your not eating, you look distracted all the time your always alone? " Draco looks down at her hand on his he likes that she's noticed a change in him she's the only one who has noticed. " I have to do something but I can't and it's tearing me apart." " What do you have to do I'll help you." Draco shakes his head and moves from the railing " I can't tell you. How do I know your not telling potter all this?" " I haven't told anyone about our friendship and your lucky I didn't tell anyone because Harry would of done a lot worse than just used Sectumsempra on you he might of actually killed you. Your so lucky I was walking past the bathroom when you too were fighting. I heard to people but hid when Harry came out I waited for the other person but when nobody came out I went in and there you were bleeding. I was so scared for you." Draco wipes a tear rolling down her face " He's going to kill if I don't do this." Hermione brings Draco to the steps and turns to him she knows exactly who 'He' is. " He Draco please don't tell me your with him. What is he making you do?" Draco turns to her and rolls up his sleeve " I had to there was no other way I have to kill Dumbledore he's going to kill me if I don't." Hermione puts her head on his shoulder "We will find a way around this I can't loose you your the only person in this school who actually understands me both in knowledge and you know what I'm saying in just a look." Xxx The next school year Hermione is with Harry and Ron finding horcruxes every night after Hermione made sure they were asleep she would apparate to where Draco was. They would talk he told her what was going on, on his side she told him what was going on, on her side. They never told anyone else that they had secret meeting with each other. At the battle of Hogwarts when Draco's parents called him over Hermione was by his side she had her fingers entwined with his she whispers to him " I'll go with you." Draco looked at her they both have dirt on there faces her lip is cut and she has a couple small cuts on her forehead to him she still looks beautiful. He wants to keep her safe and with him. Then he looks at his parents Lucius is holding out his arm to come join them Narcissa is saying Draco come. He has two options stay and fight Voldemort and possible die or go with his mom he knows she just wants to keep him safe and alive. " Do you trust me?" Hermione looks up at him and squeezes his hand " Of course." Draco looks down at her and runs his thumb over her cheek to get some of the dirt off her. " I promise I will keep you safe." Hermione nods. Draco squeezes her hand and walks towards his parents with Hermione at his side. Hermione doesn't look at anyone while she's walking with Draco. Voldemort hugged Draco but not her. When they got to his parents Narcissa saw how her son and this girl were holding hands and saw how when they called Draco her son and this girl had a conversation before coming to them. She takes the two teenagers and they leave the battle. Xxx Present: Tonight is the third biggest night of Hermione Malfoy's life. The first was when she married her husband and the second was when she gave birth to their four children the fourth being born only nine months ago. Tonight she is being named the minister of magic. She's putting her black heels on with a red dress while her husband Draco Malfoy uses his wand to get the wrinkles out of his black suit. " Draco can you tell Scorpius and Anya it's time to get ready then dress Zane and Alexander while I finish up." Draco goes into his older sons room first and sees his five year old son who looks like a mini Draco and his twin sister Anya who looks like a mini Hermione with blonde hair playing with their toys on the floor of his bedroom. " Scorpius, Anya time to get ready." Scorpius and Anya both look up at there father. " Pick up your toys then Anya go to your room and pick out what you want to wear. Scorpius do the same while I have to get your brothers dressed." The twins nod and do what there told. Draco goes to his two youngest sons room they were born nine months apart from each other. He dresses both the nine month old and the one year old in a suit he puts them back in their cribs. Then goes to check on the twins he goes back to Scorpius's room first who is just laying on his back on his bed. " Why aren't you dressed yet?" Scorpius looks over at his dad in the doorway " I have nothing to wear." Draco comes over to his oldest child and sits on the bed next to him " Well how about a suit just like mine." Scorpius looks at his fathers all black suit and nods. Draco pulls out his wand and points it at his son and a second later his son his in a all black suit just like his dad. He knocks on his only daughters door and hears his wife from inside the room say " Wait a minute." After a minute both his wife and daughter come out his daughter wearing a green dress while his wife wears a red dress. " You both look beautiful." Hermione kisses Draco and looks at little Scorpius at his fathers side " You look very handsome Scorpius." Scorpius smiles up at his mom " Thank you mom." Scorpius and Anya ran off to there younger brothers room and tied to get them from there cribs. When there parents come into the room and see them. " We'll get your brothers go wait downstairs for us." The twins runs downstairs to wait for their parents. While the parents pick up there younger sons from their cribs and bring them downstairs. " Now does everyone remember the rules?" The twins nod and hold on to their parents. Anya hold on to Hermione while Scorpius holds on to Draco. They usually take the floo networks to travel but they're apparating to the event tonight. Draco and Hermione hold hands and they apparate to the event hall. Xxx A couple minutes after they arrive at the event Narcissa and Lucius arrive to support there daughter in law. Hermione and Narcissa always did get along. Narcissa didn't care that her son fell in love with a muggle born woman. She could see the happiness between the two and she loved seeing her son happy that's all she ever wanted. Lucius on the other hand didn't accept Hermione at all he didn't like that she was muggle born he thought his son deserved better. At there wedding he finally start to tolerate Hermione only because Narcissa told him Hermione is not going anywhere he will just have to accept her. It was only after she gave birth to his first two grandchildren did he accept her into the Malfoy family. Narcissa goes over to her grandchildren and hugs and kisses them. Hermione hands Xander to her while Draco hands over Zane to his father. You would never think that Lucius Malfoy ex death eater would love his grandchildren as much as he does but he has loved them since they were born. Hermione and Draco are walking around the event when professor Minerva McGonagall walks over to them " Congratulations Mrs. Malfoy, Mr. Malfoy." Hermione hugs her old professor/head of her house at Hogwarts " Thank you professor McGonagall." Minerva was invited to Hermione and Draco's wedding she went and she couldn't of been more proud of her two former students. Breaking all barriers to be together being sorted into rival houses, hate each other from the beginning, to becoming friends. She saw it that day at the battle of Hogwarts how when Lucius and Narcissa called for their son to come to them Miss Granger was holding his hand and went with him. She always saw something between them even in second year when she was explaining the chamber of secrets to the class and they could have a whole conversation without even saying one word. McGonagall notices the twins at there parents side " And who are these beautiful little Malfoy's?" " This is Scorpius and Anya our oldest children they're twins and they're five. Narcissa is holding Alexander but everyone calls him Xander he's our youngest he's only nine months old and Lucius is holding Zane he's one." McGonagall smiles at her former students they look so happy " Two Malfoy's at Hogwarts at the same time will they be saying your