I found this in my fanfic folder (yes I do have one) half finished so I quickly done the rest. This is kind of a mix between the movie and the book. Enjoy :) 10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... It seemed to take forever for the countdown to end; a minute had never took so long before. As the seconds ticked by, my eyes went over the other tributes. The girl from twelve, Katniss, stood hunched forward and ready to run while her partner, Peeta, shook his head at her. Cato, the boy from two, stood ready to run with an evil smile stretched on his lips. The little girl, Rue, from district eleven looked terrified, her eyes looking round frantically. The gong goes and I push my legs forward, towards the backpack which only a few feet in front of me. I reach my hand out, stooping down to get it while still running. I'm tackled from the right, knocked down and left shocked. I fit the urge to sit and look and instead push myself to my feet. The girl from ten stood holding the backpack, facing me with a dainty knife in her hands. As she makes her way towards me, she's hit in her ribs by a crescent sword. I stumble back as blood dribbles out from between her lips. A dark skinned hand reaches out, grabbing the backpack from her. I look up into Thresh's face, knowing I'll be next. I might be a fast runner, but there was no getting away from him. He thrust the backpack into my hands before pushing me away and taking off. I hesitate for a moment before turning and sprinting for the trees. I dodge another tribute, who lays on the ground dead, and jump over a log. I keep taking turns to put anyone who may be following me off. Colliding with someone, I quickly stand and face them. Katniss watches me, watching for me to make a move and kill her. I wait for her to do the same, my eyes scanning over her for weapons. The exchange only lasts for ten seconds before we make a silent agreement and run in different directions; leaving each other for another day. The forest is like a maze, one with things that could reach out a grab you; kill you in different ways. The other tributes aren't the only threat in the arena, there's wild animals and natural causes. I could starve, dehydrate, get an infection. I could eat a poisoned berry, get eaten by a wild dog. Anything and everything was a threat in the games. I stop and listen as the cannon starts to fire; one shot for every dead tribute. One... four... seven...ten. Ten tributes dead on the first day. One was the girl from ten. Another the boy from six, I remember him because I nearly tripped over his body. I run for what seems like forever before finally giving in and sitting down. The suns moved, showing that at least an hour has past; careers may be out searching soon. My breath is laboured and I rest my head back against the tree, closing my eyes. My throat burns, my chest aches. Sweat drips down my forehead, making me move a hand to wipe it from my eyes. My chest still heaving, I push myself to my feet and start walking slowly; chanting to myself. "Come on, Finch, District Five needs you" I whisper, urging myself onwards. "Find water, then you can rest. Keep strong, find water, sleep." "I don't know how that will work out, Five" a voice says. Gasping, I turn around. The District Three male stands there, breathing heavily with a large rock in his hands. He looks me up and down, probably thinking of the best way to get to me. I may not have a hard weapon that could easily injure or kill a person, but I have a useful weapon. I crouch slightly, giving the impression that I was getting ready to fight him. Smirking, he crouches into the same position, his arms poised and ready. My eyes looked on his, I wait for him to make the first more. Slowly, as if I'm a wild animal, he steps towards me. I take a step back, showing a small amount of fear which is needed for my plan. Chuckling darkly, he reaches into his back pocket. Bringing his hand back, he has small pointed object between his fingers; like the tip of a knife. Licking his lips, he makes a break towards me. Fighting my instincts, I remain standing as I am, waiting for him to get closer. Just as he reaches me, I dive to the right and start running. It may be stupid but it was the only chance I'll get. I run in the direction I believe the Cornucopia to be, maybe I could drop Three off with the careers. I run, ducking under low branches and jumping over fallen logs. My breathing is worse than before, there's a ringing in my head and I feel dizzy. Something shots past my head, clipping my ear and making me cry out. I lift my hand to my ear, my fingers squeezing at the small cut. I make a sharp left, running for a minute before changing right again, onto my original course. There a sound of a twig snapping before laughter and a snarly comment. Its them, I didn't think I was so close... I see the face of the boy from one, Marvel, and he sees me. Smiling brightly, he points to me and starts laughing with glee. A mumbled curse sounds from behind me, the boy from three having seen the others. "Two for the price of one" Marvel laughs, being pushed to the side from the District two boy. I dash to the side, running again just as Cato, the boy from two, starts running towards Three and me. "Glimmer, get Five!" Cato orders. "Wait, I can help you, I can protect the supplies, please, I can help!" Three pleads, his voice a rushed mess. "No!" I glance behind me to see the blond girl from one following me. As she runs, she pulls the bow to the front of her chest, taking her arm out and loading an arrow. Searching within me, I put on one last burst of speed as an arrow goes by me, a foot to left of my body. Well, she's not going to kill anyone with those arrows. Noticing a dent in the greenery to my right, I drift in that direction until I'm running at the top of a hill. There was some nettles which I could see, edible flowers too. Mostly it was just long grass with useless plants. I glance behind me, Glimmers not far now. Taking a deep breath and closing my eyes, I throw myself to the right. I clench my teeth as I roll down the hill, my arms brought up to protect my face. I feel the sting of nettles on my ankles as my trousers roll up some way. Small rocks jab into my back, causing little sparks of pain all over. After squishing about at least nine plants, I roll to a stop. I lay there, ignore the urge to get up and run away. "Glimmer!" a female voice shouts. "Glimmer!" Cato this time. A canon sounds, showing another death has been delivered. The sound of laughter sounds from the top of the hill. "Over here, she's dead!" "What happened, did you get her good?" the same girl from before asks, not afraid of the volume of her voice; she wants others to know their nearby. "No, she killed herself" Glimmer replies with a snorted laugh. "Threw herself down the hill, probably broke her back or neck or something." "Come on, lets go" Cato says, giving the orders again. "Maybe I should go check she's dead, there's no hovercraft yet" the girl thinks allowed. "Clove, I said lets go. She's down the bottom on a hill, the hovercraft would be pretty close to us to get the body. Anyway, the canon sounded; eleven dead, thirteen to go" he says and I could nearly hear the smile in his voice. "We don't need the backpack, we've got plenty." I lay still, waiting for silence before I start to count to one-hundred. Once I get there, and there's still no sounds, I push myself up into a sitting position. I let out a hiss as I catch a glimpse of my ankles, covered with red blotches and already beginning to itch. With a huff, I let my eyes scan around me, looking for anything that could help. A quarter of the way up the hill, some leaves lay, the useful tips poking out of the grass. I push myself to my knees and start to crawl towards the leaves. If there is any God, I thank him for my memory. I had studied the books on plants the Capitol had to offer, trying to remember as much as possible. This plant, the green leaf with the 'beetroot' spots - what's beetroot? -, could be used to treat tracker jacker stings and nettle stings. Halfway to the plant, I stop, taking deep breaths and closing my eyes. After a small rest, I begin the journey again, fighting myself up the hill. I smile as I reach it, stretching out my hand to grab the leaves. I put them in my mouths, chewing them and rolling my tongue over them. As I do this, I make my way down the hill again on my bottom, the process of getting down much quicker than getting up. Cupping my hand to my mouth, I spit the leaves out. I rub the chewed, moist, leaf paste onto my ankles, making sure everything blotch is covered. The relief is instant and I let out a pleasured sigh as the itchiness subsides, the intense heat cooling. I thought pleasure was eating sugar-dough rolls in the Capitol, I was wrong. I open my eyes just in time to see a flash of movement in the trees before me. I hold my breath, my eye widening; again?! The tribute doesn't turn, doesn't see me. Slowly, I stand up and hobble after them; another stupid idea. I walk around fifty feet behind her, its the District Twelve girl, Katniss; the Volunteer. Though the careers had volunteered, they didn't do it out of love for their family. They did it for the glory, the fame. Katniss done it to protect her sister, something to be admired. She knelt down, touching the ground. She stayed like that for a moment before quickly standing and hurrying off. Grunting, I struggle to keep up with her and nearly give up before she stops. Katniss falls to the floor, her hands going to her backpack to pull something out; a water bottle and some.. iodine. She's found water. Water! I sneak around, circling the place where the water is. While Katniss puts the drips of the iodine into the bottle of water, I rush to hide behind a rock. The rock isn't only very close to the water, its also sixty feet from her. Its not that I don't trust her, I just don't want to create friendships which will soon be broken. My back pressed the wall, I open my backpack. There's a sleeping bag, which I don't pull out, some crackers, beef strips, an empty bottle, iodine, some rope, matches and a pair of glasses. I fill the bottle, putting the required three drops of iodine in it. I set the bottle to the side, resisting the urge to drink it right away. I dip my hands in the water, bringing them up wet and rubbing them over my face and neck. It fills like the water fizzes out when it touches my skin because I'm so