This is for Hannzz who requested this. Hope its okay. As the sixty seconds begins to tick by, I take the opportunity to take in my surroundings. We're in the middle of a beautiful field, full of wild flowers and bunny rabbits. In the distance to my right, I can see a large dam with a small stream escaping from it, leading to rather large pond. On my left is a large river, flowing with a current fast enough to carry a person for miles. Both in front and behind me are trees; hundreds and hundreds of trees. The trees behind the Cornucopia aren't that far, in fact, the branches of a few trees hangs the side of the Cornucopia; a jump away. 15... My fellow District Four tribute is five spaces to my right. 13... The District One girl is next to me, on my left. 11... The Cornucopia isn't that far, not really. 10... Oh my lord, this is really it. 9... This is the Hunger Games... 8... I could die in this arena... 7... I might never see my family again... 6... No, I can win. 5... I will win. 4... I'll see my family again. 3... I'll ask Finnick out. 2... My family won't starve. 1... I will be victorious. The gong sounds, informing us that we are free to move now. I waste no time in running straight towards the Cornucopia, pushing my legs forward with as much force as possible. I grab the first weapon I can get my hands on, a bow and arrow. Give it a go girl, its better than dying without trying. I load the bow and look towards my fellow tributes. I send an arrow flying shooting it into the chest of the chest of the male tribute from District Eight. Nice going, girl. I load another arrow, looking for someone else. I shoot the arrow, this time only getting the District Ten female in the back of her leg as she tries to run. Grabbing a knife, I make my way towards her; trusting my fellow careers to watch over me. I look around as I walk towards the girl, shocked to find only five bodies on the ground dead. A few of the packs are missing but everything else is still at the Cornucopia. The other tributes must have run away. I wave at my fellow careers who are waiting at the Cornucopia for me. The District Ten girl is trying to pull herself to her feet after pulling the arrow from her. She makes it up and hops towards the tree line. She breathing heavily, panic is obviously taking her over. She looks over her shoulder at me, fear written clearly on her face. Wrong thing to do. As she isn't looking where she's going she falls over, merely five feet from where I shot her down. I stoop to pick up the arrow before continuing towards her. I'm a career, I'm a tribute; this is my job. Feel no fear, have no mercy, show no pain. She rolls onto her back, scooting herself away from me. She's shaking her head, crying with snot dripping down her top lip. There's already blood on her forehead, she must have fallen on something. "No, please, no" the District Ten girl sobs, holding her hands up as if they could protect her. "Thank you for your sacrifice. I assure you it will not be in vain, I shall win" I tell her, crouch down to her. "Good Night." I plunge the knife forwards and into her chest. Her eyes go wide, her mouth forming a little 'o'. I keep a straight face, knowing that there is a large chance the camera's are on me. Blood trickles from her lips and she looks down to where I'm holding the knife into her chest. Slowly, as her dying eyes watch, I pull the knife out. Slowly, she starts to fall backwards, coughing on her own blood. Her shaking body finally stops, stilling as her eyes turn glassy. Its over, she's dead. I stand up and turn around, wiping the blood off my knife. I walk back to the careers, stopping to collect the arrow from the District Eight boy. Just as I make it back, the cannon starts to fire. Once, twice, three times, a forth, a fifth, a sixth and a seventh. The seventh body must be somewhere in the trees. "Nice going, Annie. Two out five, fish on darling" my District Four partner congratulates me. "Well, I'm not a wimp" I lie, giving a tight smile. "Can't believe they all just ran away. I thought more would try to fight for stuff." "Seriously? They'd have no chance against us, they have a higher survival rate alone with nothing" the District Two girl snorts. Her cat like eyes run over me and I fight back a shiver. "So... You're Annie. I'm Dixie." "Lillybird" the District One girl puts in. "Flux" my District partner says. "Neno" the District One boy says. "Horne" District Two's male adds. "Nice to meet you all, shame it isn't under better circumstances" I give a fake smile. Everyone else gives their fake smiles, clutching their weapons closer. I'm the fourth to look up when a hovercraft flies over us, heading towards the trees. It sends a sort of... grabbing thing... which picks up a body not far from the tree line; taking it into the hovercraft. It then does the same for other dead tributes. As it goes to collect the District Ten female, another tribute runs from the trees. I watch as the run towards the grabber thing, jumping as they near it. They grab hold and I watch as they begin to shake. From the loud, deep scream, I'm able to gather its a male tribute. I watch as he falls to the ground motionless and a cannon sounds. Damn, that was simple. I turn away as the hovercraft finishes removing the bodies from the Cornucopia, the sooner they're gone, the better I'll feel. Flux watches the bodies being taken away with hungry eyes, he likes the killing. I think its disgusting. I may act like none of this affect me, but I only act that way to survive. If I acted the way I truly feel, they'd all kill me in a second. When the hovercraft disappears, we start looking at the things we have. We have crates of foot, blankets, medical supplies, tents, sleeping bags, bottles filled with water, empty bottles, ropes and much more. We've got a good supply of things, enough to keep us alive unless something happens. "Right" Dixie sighs, looking around at the weapons around us. "Who's taking what? I'm taking the knives, before anything is said." "I'll have the bow and arrows" Lillybird says, glaring at me. "I'm a better shot than you, sweetheart." "Of course, love" I snort, shaking my head. She pulls her knife out, stomping towards me. I lift mine up, not having put it away. "Oh, yeah?" "Stop it. You can have a competition thing to see who's better. The winner get it" Horne rolls his eyes. "I'll take the sword and crest sword." "Spear" puts in Neno. "Trident" Flux smirks. "Okay, lets find out about you girls then" Horne says. He points to a tree in front of us, about one-hundred feet away. "Whoever hits that... or gets the closest. Four's first." "Its Annie" I spit, loading my arrow. I look down the arrow, closing my left eye. I aim at the middle of the tree, pulling the bow string back as much as I can. I let out a breath before letting the string go. The arrow gets released and goes rocketing away from me. I watch it as it nears the tree, going for the nook I aimed at. And it hits it... okay well, not exactly the point of the tree I wanted to hit but close enough. I look to Lillybird and give her a smile. I lower my bow and walk towards the tree, pride filling my chest. I'm far from a great shoot but if its a large, preferably still, object then I, on a good day, can hit it. I stand in front of the tree, my hand wrapped around the arrow. I pull with all my strength until it comes out and I walk back to my group. "Your turn, love" I say, handing her the bow and an arrow. She snatches it off me, her mouth in a straight line but her eyes glowing with anger. She loads the arrow, flipping her hair over her shoulder. She breaths softly as she closes her right eye, she's left handed then. Biting her lip, she lets the string go and the arrow shots away. It heads towards the tree, spinning madly and then... it misses. If I were closer, I would be able to see where it just skimmed the bark. Glaring at me again, Lillybird thrusts the bow back into my hands and stomps off to retrieve the arrow. I watch her, a small smile on my face. I'm better shot than a District One tribute, and she got a score of ten while I was only a nine! I watch as she disappears into the trees, pushing a branch back. "I suppose this is mine then" I grin, waving the bow at my fellow careers. "Sure is, sugar" Neno smiles, sending me a wink. I fight a flinch, Finnick called me that. "Anyway. Are we using all the tents or are we all sharing?" Flux asks with a sigh. "It would be better if we shared, girls and boys. Easiest way to keep watch" Dixie replies. "You guys better not take up-" Horne starts before he's interrupted by a very loud scream. We all turn to where Lillybird ran into the trees. Horne is the first to start running towards the area, grabbing his sword. Next is Flux and then me, loading an arrow. Dixie and I run side-by-side as Neno stays behind to protect our belongings. We hop over the fallen branches and cutting away long vines. I can see Lillybird laying on the ground, her hands at her throat as she coughs up blood. I look further ahead and see someone running away. "Dixie, with me" I shout, not stopping at Lillybird and instead continuing on after the other tribute. "Shame, Lils" Dixie says as she passes the fallen tribute by. Or nearly fallen. The tribute we're following looks over his shoulder and I recognise him straight away. Its the boy from District Twelve. I spoke to him, he was nice. I make eye contact with him for a split second. I see the fear, the want to leave, see him begging me through that one look. I ignore him though. I want to live and I'm going to go home, he has to die. I lift up my bow, pointing the arrow at his retreating back. I don't close my eye this time, not while running. I let the bow string go, watching as the arrow leaves me. It misses him and instead lodges itself into a tree just to his right. I watch as he falls to the ground, not even noticing that Dixie threw a knife and hit him the back. I slow down to a jog and stop by him. I pull the arrow from the tree as I look down at him. His eyes meet mine again and they are filled with hatred. I don't blame him. I hate myself for the lives that I have helped to take but I can't make myself feel sorry. Because of their death, I'm one step closer to getting home. And that's all I want, to go home. I turn away and start jogging back to Lillybird, leaving Dixie to finish him off; she could handle it. I try to keep my breathing under control as I near. As