(a/n) i know this fic isn't exactly katniss/gale pairing despite the label, but i figured it's more of a k/g fic than anything else. hope you enjoy! {and i don't think you see the places inside me where i find you ~roadside/ rise against} six and seven "Mommy?" The little girl's voice has the musical quality of her mother's and her eyes are a worry-struck reflection of her father's. She watches each of her father's fingers start to turn blue from his grip on the back of the chair. "He's okay. He just needs a minute." The little girl watches, wide-eyed, as her mother mumbles something about bread and rain. "Why don't you two head over to Uncle Haymitch's house, sweetie?" She grabs her brother's hand and his blonde curls bounce as she leads him down the street to the rotting man's house. She thinks she hears the notes of a panicky lullaby behind her. — His mother is terrible at singing. He sits, bored, at the kitchen table, trying to block out the tune of a work song his mother tells him she used to sing while hacking at trees. He twirls his spoon in his stew for a while, too full from the sweets he'd taken from his older brother as blackmail (he's going to go downtown once their mother's gone). When he gets tired of watching deer meat bob in his bowl he turns his gaze to his mother, her movements jaunty, like she'd learned to walk on forest floors and not flat ground. "Dad will be home in a bit," she says, stopping her music and turning to face him. She dries her hands off on a towel. "I can trust you alone for a little while, right, kiddo?" He nods. She walks over and ruffles his hair, the same dark brown as her own, saying, "Your brother will be home soon", and then she's out the door, calling over her shoulder, "See you in a day kiddo!" He races upstairs and into his parents'room, heading straight towards the bed. He wriggles partially under the frame and digs out a dusty, crumpled box and hopes his father's a tiny bit late getting home. He loves looking through his father's trophies and medals, but he's known for a while that they're nothing to be proud of. seven and eight She stands close by her mother, keeping one eye on her brother's blonde head at the kitchen table behind them, and the other eye on the hand chopping carrots for their father's surprise dinner. "Careful, Mommy," she says, watching her finger come dangerously close to the blade. Her mother laughs. "I'll be alright here, Essa. Why don't you go see what Rhys is up to?" "I've been looking after him, too," the little girl replies matter-of-factly, blue eyes going the slightest bit stony with seriousness. Something in her mother's expression shifts, the way it does when she's remembering something from long ago. Essa tenses because these are the kinds of looks her mother has on her face after a nightmare or her father's occasional episodes. It passes quickly. "Well, I think you should start on a cake for your Daddy. It would be a nice part of the surprise, wouldn't it?" her mother says, stooping down to fetch flour and sugar from the cabinets. Essa's eyes light up. "Let me, Mommy. You always put too much flour." —- "Come on, Rey," the boy says irritably. His arms are crossed tightly over his chest. "It's my turn!" His father's voice is a rumble. "I think your younger brother has a point, Rey. Let's give him a few shots now." Rey heaves a sigh and turns around, amber eyes flashing. He's a blend of their mother and father's features, with lighter brown hair and eyes that aren't grey. "Fine," he says, slinging the bow over his shoulder. He plucks the arrows from the tree they've been using as a target, and puts the full quiver and bow in his younger brother's hands. Asher adjusts the bow on his smaller frame with ease, and lines up his arrow with the painted bull's eyes. He breathes, breathes out, and lets go of the string. He misses by two fingers' breadth. Asher looks to his father and sees his eyes darken momentarily, the way they do when he sees something like his old war medals or a passage on him in Rey's history books. When he catches Asher looking at him, he snaps out of it and smiles easily. "You're both naturals," he says, watching as Asher shoots again, this time even closer to the center of the target. It's clear to them who he's really talking about. nine and ten The term "Hunger Games" has floated around Essa for as long as she can remember, but it's only now that she's truly starting to understand that they were a much, much bigger deal than she's thought they were. They have ten entire books about them in her classroom library (out of thirty), and a lot of them have her mother and father's names in tmhem. In fact, the one she swiped when her teacher wasn't looking is entirely about her parents. Mostly about her mother, though, since her father's name only appears in about half of the book. Essa waits until night and fakes sleep when her parents come in to check on her (she's getting good at that) and then pulls out the small flashlight she'd taken from the kitchen drawer and hopes she isn't turning into a thief. She starts to read through the book cover-to-cover, not even skipping the table of contents, and grows more and more confused with each word. At the same time, certain things start to make sense. Why mommy doesn't sleep sometimes and instead huddles by the fireplace all night Why she remembers daddy's face growing redder and redder as he clings to a chair, with her mother's singing trying to shoo away whatever's taken hold of him. She makes the mistake of asking about them at dinner. Her mother's knuckles start to turn white from her grip on her fork, and her parents exchange a long look. "Why don't we sit down and talk about them after your brother's gone to sleep?" Essa nods meekly. After the discussion, despite her parents' best efforts to tone down the details, she can't sleep for a week. —- "Is it true that Katniss Everdeen is your cousin?" Asher asks at dinner one day, in between bites of beef stew. His parents exchange a glance and Rey shoots him a look. Asher doesn't pay attention to his brother, and after a few moments of silence, he presses on, "Is she?" His father says, "No. We were good friends, but we're not related." "They should correct all of the class books then," Asher says, a crease appearing in between his eyebrows. "All of them say that." There's dry laughter from his father. "Maybe. It doesn't really matter, though." "Why? Our teacher says that it's important to correct our mistakes." His father's eyes dull for a moment and his mother puts one hand over his larger one and says, "Your teacher's right. But sometimes it's hard. Think of all of the copies of those books in all of Panem." Asher thinks for about a moment and decides the number's too big to think about any more. "I guess." ten and eleven She tries. She really, really tries; lesson after lesson, but her shots all fly astray. Into the bushes, branches, the grass. It's almost like there's a repulsive force that appears around the target whenever Essa has hold of the bow. Essa bets her brother, with his blonde head barely reaching her shoulder, would have better aim than her. "Everyone needs practice to get the hang of it," her mother tells her encouragingly, but her words start to ring false around the 20th lesson, and uncertainty starts to creep into her expression. Essa is the one who breaks first, after one or two more shots, and stomps all the way back home. After all, Essa's father tells her that her mother was always a natural. She used to bring squirrels to their bakery, before the war, shot clean through the eye. "Your mother was - is - very brave," her father would say, smiling. "It wasn't even allowed to go into the woods before, but she went anyway to help her family." "All alone?" Essa asked once. She saw hesitation in her father's eyes. "No, not alone. She went with a friend, usually." Essa was confused. "Like Uncle Haymitch?" Her father laughed. "No, definitely not Uncle Haymitch. A different friend. He moved away a long time ago." —– "No, not like that," Rey says, unwinding the rope. He ducks the strands in a different pattern and tightens, holding up the finished product for Asher to see. Asher frowns down at the rope. It looks like one big tangle to him. "Show me again," he says determinedly, and his brother takes a deep breath before explaining it again, going even more slowly. Asher imitates Rey to the best of his ability and still doesn't get it quite right. He wishes he could just use his bow, a sturdy thing made of solid oak, cut down by his mother and carved by his father. On his umpteenth try, Asher storms off, saying, "I'm going to go get my bow." "I know you're frustrated," his father says, and Asher nearly jumps. His father moves like a ghost through the woods - silent, unseen unless he wants to be. "But it takes a while to get the hang of it. Rey's four years older than you, remember?" "Rey could tie snares when he was my age," Asher says. "But he couldn't shoot an arrow as straight as you, could he?" his father replies, kneeling down to Asher's height. "Probably not," Asher mumbles, allowing himself a small smile. eleven and twelve "You'll have to go back sometime, Gale. That place is in your blood," his mother says, holding the card that had arrived at their doorstep that morning in one hand and her mug of tea in the other. "I go back almost every year," he says gruffly. "And hide in your mother's house for a few days. How is that going back, Gale?" "I'm there in District 12. How is it not?" Asher hears him shoot back. The wall is blocking his view of his father, so he can't see his expression, but he sees his mother growing angrier. "You can't avoid her forever." "I can try." "I'm taking the kids with me, and you'll sit here like a coward while I make excuses for you. Oh, yes, we planned for the whole family to come, but Gale's feeling sick. Or maybe I'll tell them you have too much work," her voice rises in volume. "They'll expect that bullshit since it's the hundredth time, anyway, right?" "Johanna-" "You didn't kill Prim," she says. "I know it, you know it, and she has to know it by now. She's always been logical, hasn't she?" "Not when it comes to Prim." "It's been years Gale." Silence, and Asher starts to slink away to his room before they both catch him. "I'll go." Asher hears his mother's footsteps fall towards the back door of the house, towards the woods, and he hears his father mumble, "The old drunk had to die near her birthday, didn't he?" —– The funeral is huge. Essa clings to her mother's hand on one side and her brother's on the other side and watches the procession with teary eyes. Her brother picks at a scab on his arm, only half-aware that Uncle Haymitch is being buried. "I didn't know he had so many friends," Essa says to her mother, and she chokes out a laugh in response. Essa looks over all of the people gathered in the field (they're standing on top