Disclaimer: The Hunger Games belong to Ms. Suzanne Collins, Scholastic, and Lionsgate Entertainment. I Love It belongs to Icona Pop and the summer of 2013. Thanks to: deathmallow and starkist Ships: Katniss/Peeta, (Haymitch/Johanna) Rating: M for mature language, adult situations, and explicit sexual situations. Summary : Modern AU. Katniss Everdeen hates being lonely during the holidays, so she joins OKCupid. Little did she know that losing a dear friend and answering a silly message would lead to an unforgettable lesson in love. Carpe Diem " I DON'T CARE, I LOVE IT!" Katniss Everdeen shot straight up on her couch, her iPhone vibrating behind her pillow. Damn that ringtone! She looked around her apartment living room, blearily rubbing her eyes and squinting in the bright sun. She didn't really remember getting home last night, but she certainly remembered the sketchy guys at the Mexican dive bar paying for their dinner. Reaching down, she grabbed her Gatorade and started chugging the neon yellow liquid like it was life itself. "Hey there, sunshine," Johanna said from behind her, smirking from the bedroom door. "'Sup, slut," Katniss yawned. Johanna looked even worse off than she did, her short dark hair sticking out every which way. Katniss Everdeen is nothing if not an obsessive compulsive little drunk, and she had plaited her hair before bed, washed her face, and brushed her teeth. She probably even took Motrin and drank a bottle of water. She had no idea how they staggered home from the bar to her apartment, but here they were. "Haymitch is still passed out, want to grab brunch?" Johanna said. It wasn't really a question. Of course Katniss wanted to get brunch. She nodded and stood up. "How'd you guys sleep? What time did Haymitch get in?" Katniss mused as she rummaged around in her armoire. "Ehhh, I think he got in at like two or three," Johanna replied. Katniss tugged on a pair of leggings and a tee shirt that read "I love Bangkok." "Really not appropriate, Everdeen," Johanna sighed as Katniss stuffed her feet into a pair of black Uggs. "It's clean and it's not like I'm wearing it to the funeral," Katniss sighed. "Fair enough," Johanna shrugged. "You ready to roll?" "Yup, let's just walk to the place down the street," Katniss nodded. The girls began the short walk from the apartment to the restaurant. Katniss relished the peaceful silence between herself and Johanna. Usually, they were a mile a minute, kicking ass and taking names, but not today. Johanna and her husband, Haymitch, were in town from Richmond because a dear mutual friend, Cinna, had passed away. He had been on a business trip to Thailand with his fiancée, Portia, and had a massive heart attack from a drug overdose. He passed right before Thanksgiving. And here they were, a couple of weeks from Christmas, heading to his DC memorial service. Cinna was originally from San Diego, but he made his mark on Washington. Katniss met him at Johanna and Haymitch's wedding where she was a bridesmaid and Cinna a groomsman, and they hit it off famously. He worked for the IMF, and Katniss worked for the State department. They went on a couple of dates—nothing serious—but became quick friends. They loved to go out on U Street and in Adams Morgan, and sometimes they went to H Street just to make fun of the hipsters. She just didn't know how to process his death. How could someone so young and healthy and happy just suddenly be gone? How was she going to fill this sudden gaping void in her life? This wasn't the first time Katniss had lost someone during the holidays. Ten years ago, her father and kid sister, Prim, were killed in a car crash as they drove down to college to pick Katniss up for winter break. Katniss would never forgive herself. The holidays just made her melancholy intolerable. And her mother certainly never recovered and provided little solace to the grieving daughter and sister. Katniss was so tired of mourning. Johanna and Katniss settled into an open booth and smiled warmly at the attractive young waiter. "May I get you young ladies anything to drink this morning?" he said with a smile and a wink. "Yeah, two bloody marys, one with gin, the other with vodka. This broad is weird," Johanna said, jerking her thumb at Katniss. Katniss rolled her eyes, "And two coffees, please? Thanks." The waiter nodded and bustled off. A young couple with a baby came in and Katniss and Johanna made the same disgusted face. "It's so rude," Johanna muttered. "Leave your fuck trophies at home so the rest of us can nurse our hangovers in peace." "For real," Katniss said, "Couldn't they just make Bisquik at home?" "Preach," Johanna snorted. A e-mail from OKCupid popped up on Katniss' iPhone. She sheepishly unlocked her phone and took at look at the message from BestBuns1983. "How are you doing this morning?" it read. Katniss pursed her lips. Johanna chuckled. "Did you really join OKCupid? Jesus, Everdeen. Your pussy's not pulling it in at bars anymore?" Katniss shrugged. "Dude, it's hard to meet guys when you work all the time. And the guys you meet at bars in DC are assholes," Katniss said, trying to justify her foray into the world of online dating. "Excuses, Everdeen," Johanna tisked. "What about the banker? The one we went to school with?" "We are just fucking, it's not serious. He doesn't want to settle down and I don't want to marry a frat boy. I already feel like I should be on To Catch a Predator ." "He's twenty-seven, he's not a baby, Kat." "Well, we can't all meet Mr. Haymitch Abernathy at a frat party in the Fan, now can we?" Katniss shot back. The waiter came with their drinks, and the girls placed their orders, and Katniss sucked the bloody mary into her mouth. Ah, gin. Sweet, sweet gin. Johanna wasn't going to let sleeping dogs lie. "You joined because you're lonely," she remarked, stirring cream and Splenda into her coffee. " Ronery, I'm so ronery— " Johanna began to sing before Katniss put the kibosh on it. "Yeah, so fucking what? The holidays make me feel lonely, Mason. I'm only human. Everyone else is meeting that special someone and here I am, rubbing one out and drinking boxed wine," Katniss defensively whined. Yes, the holidays made Katniss dreadfully lonely. Her mother was local, but worked for a high-powered health insurance lobbyist on K Street and was distant at best. Her best friend, Gale Hawthorne, had been deployed to Afghanistan last summer, and he and his wife, Madge, were expecting their second baby. Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Years were the hardest time for Katniss Everdeen. She was intensely jealous when she saw happy people with their happy friends and happy families, and she wondered why she couldn't find that, too. Katniss just wanted to come home to a nice boy at the end of the day and eat dinner with him and watch Netflix and then fuck his brains out. That sounded nice. But she wasn't going to find him by going to bars and pounding shots. So yes, she joined OKCupid because she wanted to meet someone to share those stupid little mundane things with. And she never felt better or worse about herself. As an attractive woman in her late twenties with a job with benefits and no kids or previous marriages, she felt like the Holy Grail with a vagina made of gold. Men contacted her with messages all the time. She ignored three quarters of them and blocked them immediately. She was a bitch and didn't care, she was never going to meet 95% of these schmucks anyway. The men she replied to were attractive, and they had to have a few things going for them: no kids, no previous marriages, a job with benefits, no living with parents, and a college degree. Oh, and no Hokies. If they could pass that litmus test, Katniss would message them back. She kept looking at her iPhone, wondering what she should say. "Are you going to reply to him or not?" Johanna snapped, grabbing Katniss' phone. "Aw shit, he's HOT, Everdeen. Better nail this one down!" BestBuns1983 was pretty cute, if Katniss had to say so herself. He was very blond and blue-eyed in his pictures, and of medium height with a stocky build. His profile told Katniss that he had wrestled in high school and college. "Yeah, I'm going to reply, give me the fucking phone back," Katniss snarled just as the baby behind them started to wail. Johanna gave the parents the worst look ever, and the young mother scurried out as Katniss worried her bottom lip and wondered what to say. "Jesus H. Christ, it's a message, not the great American short novel. Send him a dick pic or something," Johanna laughed. Katniss brushed her off. "Hey there! We're pretty hungover, but brunch should help with that. It's going to be a rough day, so we really need it," Tubers2007 replied. "There. Done. Leave me the fuck alone," Katniss sighed. Johanna gave her a thumbs up and drained her bloody mary. "Thank you sir, may I have another?" Johanna cooed when the waiter brought their food, shaking the ice in her glass a bit. The waiter laughed. "Bangin', you couldn't pay me to go this thing sober," Johanna groaned. Katniss agreed. "Yeah, speaking of sober, can I have an Adderall? I think I'm actually physically dying." "Sure thing, can I have a Klonopin?" "Is the Pope Catholic?" "Last I heard he was a Marxist." "Done. Thanks, boo." Johanna handed her the little muted orange pill and Katniss popped it right there, tossing her head back quickly. "Not going to snort it this time?" Johanna asked, shocked. Katniss shook her head. "No way, man. Today I actually need the extended release," Katniss reasoned. "Ja feel," Johanna said and dug into her burger and fries. The two ate quietly, shooting dirty looks at the parents who wouldn't leave even though their kid clearly wasn't having it. "No breeding," Katniss remarked. "People our age are fucking shitty people, you know that?" "Peasants," Johanna replied. "Are you going to eat your bacon?" Katniss slammed her fork between her plate and Johanna's hand. "Not so fast, fat ass. We aren't near a Sears if you can't fit into your funeral dress," Katniss snarked. "Fair enough," Johanna giggled. "Can we get the check? And bring this girl a shot of Jäger!" A new message popped across her phone screen. "What are your plans for the day?" BestBuns1983 asked. "Funeral. What are you doing?" Tubers2007 replied instantly. "Wow, I'm sorry to hear that. Do you need anything?" BestBuns1983 messaged. "No, I'll be fine. My best friends from university are in town, we'll be okay. I would just much rather be in bed drinking," Tubers2007 said. "I'd much rather have you be in my bed, cuddling," BestBun1983 declared. Katniss giggled. "Oh yeah?" Tubers2007 asked. "Yeah, and it's an open invitation," BestBuns1983 offered. "Alright, well, my number is 703-867-5309. Holla atcha guidette," Tubers2007 answered. Katniss' iPhone immediately popped up with a 202-number. "Hey, this is Peeta, aka BestBuns1983." "IS HE TEXTING YOU?" Johanna shrieked. "Fuck yeah," Katniss nodded, smiling broadly. "Well, this is Katniss, aka Tubers2007. Wanna party?" she texted back, hoping she didn't come off as desperate for replying so soon. Within thirty seconds, this Peeta fellow sent her a picture of his shoulders and chest, lying in bed with a big smile across his stupidly good-looking face. "Wanna join me?" "AW SHIT, LET THE DICK PICS COMMENCE!" Johanna yelled. "What do you say to that, Everdeen?" Katniss smirked. "Mason, you know I keep a folder of naked pictures in my phone for this sole purpose. You've taken a couple of them for me. Gotta stay fresh to death," Katniss replied as she chose a picture