This story is an idea I got after reading a bunch of crossovers that never did what my own twisted mind could imagine. The likelihood of me actually finishing it is minuscule at best, It's just the way I am. However if it inspires someone else to write then please go ahead and butcher my idea, hell you could even contact me and I would send this first chapter to you so that you can use it as an easy beginning to your own story. I also want to point out that I have NEVER read or seen any Naruto. Aside from fanfiction that is. which means I will already have butchered the contents so please don't bitch at me for it, I already know. I also don't own anything aside from my idea and plot, and even that I don't care about. If I had owned any part of Harry Potter or Naruto its unlikely I would write fanfiction of it. Just pointing it out. Reviews are welcome but not required. If you do review then don't flame at me. I couldn't care less if you do but it saves you the effort to know I don't care about flames... It makes sense to me. Onwards to the story. Little Winging Surrey 1984 4 year old Harry Potter had just had a revelation. His two year older cousin Dudley had just dumped a bunch of old comic books in Harry's lap and told him to learn how to read. Now normally this would be a problem for a four year old but Harry was not a normal four year old. Because of his treatment in the hands of his relatives in combination with his magic he had been forced to grow up faster, so his mental age was closer to six year old. Learning to read took him three weeks until he was fluent enough to read the comic books. This was when he had a revelation. He had been reading Naruto when he realised all the similarities between himself and Naruto. They were both orphans, both were treated worse than they should, both were smarter than they were thought to be, and most importantly, both had a inner healing ability. It took little Harry another month before he had managed to find the feeling of his inner energy source and concluded it was not Chakra. In his mind, the mind of a four year old but more like six year old mentally, this meant he had to change it to Chakra. With childlike (because he was a child) intensity he began to meditate and tried to convert his inner energy to Chakra. Little Winging Surrey 1986 He had done it. After two years of trying he had changed his inner energy to Chakra, he was sure of it. However there were some side effects of this transformation. First he didn't need glasses any more, his eyes had fixed themselves. However his body had also fixed itself and he had gone from small and scrawny to taller and fitter than should be possible for a six year old. On a side note the scar on his forehead had also disappeared, good thing that since scars like that made it easier to identify a ninja. Unknown to Harry the transformation of his bound magical core to Chakra network had more side effects than he would even imagine. Because his core had been bound his magic had forced it to grow larger than should be possible at his age. Because it started out as a magical core it refilled at least three times faster than Chakra did. Because his scar had housed a leech, Harry's mind had developed faster than it should have, at six his mind was similar to a twelve year old. It also meant the energy released from the leech when his body fixed itself had to go somewhere, and the only place it could go was Harry's body. Which had the result of making him the first non magical metamorphagus, not that he knew that yet. To Harry this was both good and bad. Good because a ninja needed to be fit in order to be any good. And bad because he couldn't let anyone know of this or they would hurt his newly fixed body. Luckily it was summer and his relatives had left him alone for a week while they were on holiday, which meant he had time to figure out a solution, and solve it he did. First he tried to make a shadow clone, it failed and made him very tired so he assumed he didn't have enough chakra. Oh Harry had more than enough chakra he just didn't have the training needed to wield it yet. Next he tried a mud clone, it failed but he was much closer and it took a humanoid shape before collapsing. After four days he began to worry. Looking in a mirror he saw his newly fixed body, it was above fit for his age and he didn't want to lose it. A metaphorical light bulb went off and he focused on his chakra and let it flow out in his body and willed it to change to his old looks just to see what would happen. Harry felt his body flow and change and when he opened his eyes he looked like the old Harry did, but he could feel the chakra in his body. A short happy dance later he decided to experiment. Two days later he had figured out how to do it without using chakra, the chakra only anchored it so he couldn't undo it by mistake since it was hard to hold a single form without changing something. Little Winging Surrey, May 1987 Seven year old Harry Potter had just reached a long term goal. He had made a clone. It wasn't the type of clone he had expected but then again a wood clone was what he could do so it suited him just fine. He had also figured out he was a new Senju, as in he had the power to manipulate wood and nature. This made him very excited and it also meant he never had to worry about gardening again since he could just change it as he wanted. He had also figured out he could talk to snakes, which had him worried for a bit until he realised he could use it to do good rather than bad like Orichimaru had in the comic books. Finally this meant he didn't have to stay at his relatives since he could just let the clone take his place and allow him to explore and train. Excellent. Unknown to Harry his decision to leave his relatives meant he no longer charged the wards, it would take years before this came to light however. London city park, November 1988 Eight year old Harry Potter had been busy since he left his relatives. Living on the streets had been easier than he had expected but he assumed his use of Chakra was part of that. During the days he trained, explored and learned. By sending a wood clone back to his relatives once a week he had managed to stay in school without anyone knowing it wasn't really him. His training had improved him in leaps and bounds. Wall walking was a piece of cake, water walking was harder but not impossible, genjutsu was tricky and he had not managed more than the most simple jutsu. Where he had improved the most was his taijutsu and beginner ninjutsu. With a bit of trickery, some lying, a bit (or a lot) of thievery and some luck he had enrolled in a martial arts program where he had trained under the eye or Sensei Akimura for over a year and the old sensei had been shocked by his improvement. Of course he didn't know Harry used Chakra to improve his body faster than a normal human could. He had also been busy training his wood manipulation and the result was him being able to scamper up a tree every night and have it grow him a comfortable room where he could sleep safe and undisturbed. He had also begun practising growing weapons out of wood Chakra but it was a work in progress. Charing cross road, February 1989 Nine year old Harry Potter had spotted an anomaly during his daily exploring of the city he lived in. The Leaky Cauldron was the weirdest place he had ever seen and it seemed almost no one else could see it. This meant he just had to investigate, after all ninjas were meant to find the unfindable and see the unseeable. Last Christmas he had another revelation. Being a girl was easier than being a boy, mostly because people tended to overlook or go out of their way to help girls. This meant the eight year old Harry Potter had a choice to make and after some meditation he decided that if girls had so much advantage just by being girls he would change from being a boy to being a girl. This of course meant he had to figure out how he wanted to look and thanks to his wood clone at his relatives digging out a trunk in the attic of his relatives that turned out to be his mom's he had figured it out. He, or rather She now had long deep red hair with acid green eyes and was slightly shorter than he had been as a boy. Later he had realised this meant he had to let Harry Potter disappear and his girl self appear without making anyone suspicious. He also needed a new wardrobe and he had to get the trunk from his relatives to London where he stayed. It would do nicely since it was much larger on the inside than it should be and he chucked it up to the magic his mother had had and he assumed he himself had before changing it to Chakra. Anyway the result had been worth the effort. If living on the streets had been easy as a boy it was a cakewalk as a girl. People really went out of their way to help a 'charming little girl' and it made getting food at least twice as easy. It also meant that he was now impossible to find if anyone figured out his wood clone at his relatives wasn't actually him. The only problem was her not having an official identity, what a bother. Last month Harry had managed to create a second and third wood clone at the same time which meant he had a clone taking his place at his relatives, he had a clone reading stolen (read liberated) Naruto and experimenting with what it found and a third clone looking like a nondescript boy training with Sensei Akimura. Since he had all clones dispell at the end of each day so he got the experiences his training was soaring to new hights and he was improving more than ever. He now spent his days exploring and using the experience his clones gave him to move around the real world in order to build real world experience and figure out new ways to use Chakra. After all England was not the Elemental nations and he had to figure out himself what his role was meant to be in this society. Back to the present Harry made a snake puppet out of a twig and sent it to explore the anomaly known as The Leaky Cauldron. After two hours he had the answer! It was the entrance to the magical district of London and he couldn't wait to explore it. His only known link to his parents was the trunk belonging to his mom that his clone was busy transporting from Surrey to himself so he could sort it out in person. However he had managed to sneak in to