Disclaimer : I own nothing Pairing : Hayffie (Haymitch/Effie) over all, others mentioned. Summary : Every night she dreams and every night it's different. In which, Effie dreams of a different life five different times and one time she didn't have to dream at all. AU…kind of. Warnings : Rated M to be sure. Mentions of sex, blood, death, fighting, gore. Hunger Games stuff, fire. Lots of creative license happening so you may need a suspension of belief or disbelief. It's kind of a strange one? Author's note : My first Hayffie! I hope you all like it. I'm really nervous about this, it's the first time I do anything like it, so any and all comments are greatly appreciated! The large chunk of italics is the actual dream. Also, feel free to say hi! I would love to get to know more Hayffie fans! I hope you all enjoy! The title is from William Shakespeare's Hamlet and the song is a different version of The Hanging Tree, originally in Mockingjay Part 1 but this particular version is by Tyler Ward and Alyson Stoner. Any mistakes are mine and mine alone, I apologize if they offend anyone! To sleep, perchance to dream i. We're their living sacrifice Out of the East never see the sunrise Spoon fed peace, swallowing knives We know that promise is sweet, But it's laced with venom And we're their living sacrifice It's the same thing every night, but different dreams. She's almost afraid to go to sleep. And then she thinks the only peace she'll find, is in her dreams. She grips the windowsill behind her so tightly she thinks she'll break through the rotted wood. Her back is to the window, terrified of what she'll see. She chews her lip until the taste of blood invades her mouth and she thinks, rather bitterly, that she should get used to the taste, smell and feel of blood, because it'll be her only constant for however long she's deigned to live. She's already said goodbye to her parents and little sister. She watched them sob and she hugged them back tightly, hands gripping the backs of their shirts and trying to memorize every curve and the sound of their voices, because if she's going to leave them for the god-forsaken arena, she's going to remember every single inch of them. (She didn't cry and she thinks that has to stand for something.) And then he comes in and blows everything out of the water. One look at him sends her whimpering and she starts shaking, almost uncontrollably. Her vision starts to blur and soon all she can see, all she can smell, all she can feel, is him, pressing her between the windowsill and his body, clutching her as if it'll be the last time he sees her and she thinks it may very well be. (It's been so long since a tribute from District 12 won and she hardly thinks that a girl from town will be the next Victor.) " Stay alive." He hisses in her ear and he grips her tighter, crashing his lips into her temple and she grips back just as tightly. "Effie. Effie. Effie. Look at me. Look at me." She wants to tell him that she can't because all she sees is his blurry outline from all her tears and why can't she stop crying? "You need to stay alive. You need to come back to me. Come back to me. Okay? I need you to fight." " Haymitch." She sucks in a sob and almost chokes. "I'm going to die." " No." The sound is feral, like it's being ripped out from his throat. She can feel his hands grip her face and suddenly she's looking into his very grey eyes that she lost herself in last night. "You are not going to die. You are going to live. You are going to fight . You are going to win. You need to win. Effie. Please. I lo-" " Time's up." The Peacekeepers come in, one grabbing Haymitch and pulling him outside. He's still screaming for her to live, to fight , to come back and all she can hear in between that is 'I love you. I love you. IloveyouIloveyouIloveyou.' Effie boards the train with three other tributes (it's the Quell and she's never felt death so acutely as she does now.) She sits down, numbly, watching as their escort scurries around the train, clapping his hands, his hair a bright shade of blue that doesn't quite match the smile that doesn't quite reach his eyes. She leans her head against the window, watches her family sob and watches as Haymitch breaks through the crowd, staring at her with imploring eyes. ("Do you love me?" She asks him quietly, arching her back, dull nails digging into his back. His hair is getting unruly. It sticks to his head in matted sweat as he buries his head into her shoulder, leaving little bit marks that will make her mother titter, her father furious and send her sister into a torrent of giggles. " Effie." Her name comes out like a strangled whisper, etching wordless promises into her skin. She doesn't want to push him. She knows he's not the show-your-love kind of guy and she thinks that's what she loves most about him. "It's fine." She whispers back, afraid of speaking any higher, in fear of breaking the moment they're sharing. It's incredible how vulnerable he looks like this, propped above her, with every single part of their bodies touching. His hands wrap around her waist and pull her tighter to him. "You're everything to me Effie. Everything ." He kisses her on the lips and pours everything he can't say into the kiss. She hears his proclamation anyways.) I love you. She sees him mouth. I love you. IloveyouIloveyouIloveyou. (It's only until his figure is a distant blur and District 12 melts into 11, 10, and 9 that she realizes she never said the words back. She goes into her assigned room and destroys it with a fury she's never felt before. After she's done, and breathing heavily, she hears a throat clear behind her and she whips around and sees their mentor. Sal is an old man with grey eyes that have been hardened with time but when he looks at her, he looks at her like she's his amusement, like she's the answer he's been looking for. He surveys the room and leans against his cane. "You'll win." He tells her softly, his lips moving with hardly any sound. It's only when she looks at his lip and reads them does she realize what he's saying. She never thought so before but as she sags into a heap on the floor, staring at the mess and watching Damascus, their escort rant and rave at the mess, she sees Sal slowly but surely sit down next to her and pat her knee, giving her strength she didn't know she had. But now, now she has to win. If only to say ' I love you' back.) Sal tells her not to be stupid. He teaches her to fight in the middle of night. He tells her of his Games and he tells her of the mistakes she should never make. " Don't go to the Cornucopia." He tells her. "It's a bloodbath." It's the night before the Games, they're both on the roof where there's no chance of bugs and she knows she should be sleeping. The rest of them are and she thinks of Maysilee, the girl she went to school with and shared pointed glances with when boys kept teasing them. They never talked, not really, Effie was always with Haymitch and Maysilee was always with another crowd. Effie thinks it's better things ended up this way. She thinks of twelve year old Connor and fifteen year old Troy and she thinks of how many coffins and how many families will be torn apart by this years Games and she hates the Capitol even more than she did before. " I'm going to die, Sal." Effie tells him, voice breaking as reality comes crashing down on her. (She argued against special treatment, opting for things to be fair. " Life isn't fair, Effie." Sal snaps at her. "There will be one victor. One. Double the tributes but still one victor and I've got my bets on you." "Why?" She asks him, exasperated, frustrated and so fucking angry. He points at her and smiles, all teeth, "because you're angry and you've got something to fight for. You've got hope. Despite all of this bullshit, you've got hope and sweetheart, that's not only dangerously stupid, it's going to be the only thing pushing you to the finish line. So, you hold on to that anger. You hold on to that hope and you make it to the finish line. You win this fucking thing.") " You won't." He repeats. "I believe in you. Probably really fucking stupid, but I believe in you." They stand together in silence until Effie breaks it. "Sal," she asks him, "how many people did you kill in your games?" He laughs and it's a sad, bitter laugh full of hidden remorse and barely restrained grief, "three." He answers her. "I killed three. Nowhere near as many as others but enough for me." She nods and makes her way downstairs after he sends her down, telling her that he'll be down in a bit. She gets into bed but doesn't sleep. (She'll sleep when she's dead.) The first person she kills is a career who had his hands around Maysilee's throat. She takes the knife and plunges it into his side, yells at Maysilee to ' leave! Run! ' and all Effie can see is red. Red across his chest, red on her hands, red on the forest floor. The smell of blood hits her nostrils and she clambers off of him and throws up, wipes her mouth, grips the knife and stalks her way throughout the forest. (She sheds two tears that night, one for Connor and one for Troy who didn't make it out of Cornucopia. Their faces lighting up the sky. She doesn't know how she's going to look their families in the face ever again.) The games last one week. It's between her, Maysilee and a girl from District One. The girl from District One slices her stomach open and before she can slice Effie's head off, Maysilee jumps on her and stabs her, in retaliation the other girl snaps Maysilee's neck. Effie howls and crawls to Maysilee, gripping her stomach, trying to staunch the bleeding. The girl from District One snarls, sways and with strength Effie didn't know she had she takes her knife, balances it in her hand and throws it at her, landing right between the eyes, silently thanking Sal for his late night lessons. Both the girl from District One and Maysilee are dead. The cannons sound, her name is called as Victor. But she's cradling Maysilee in her arms, apologizing over and over and over again. Her eyes catching the gold token pinned on her jacket. ("That's a pretty pin." Effie comments one night at the penthouse. Maysilee smiles softly and twirls it around her fingers. "Thanks. It belonged to my sister. She gave it to me for good luck." She takes in a deep breath. "Effie…can I ask you a favor?" " Of course." She bites her lip. "When I die," she holds up a hand, stopping Effie from berating her, "when I die, can you make sure my sister gets the token back? I just…I want it to go back to her." " What makes you so sure I'll be the one to giving it to her? There's a very good chance of me dying." Maysilee laughs and it's not bitter and it's not angry. "No. No. I have a feeling