Disclaimer for entire story: I do not own anything that is obviously Tolkien's in this story. I claim my OC's only and admit to playing unashamedly in this wonderful sandbox of imagination. Thank you. Also note that there is mild language in this chapter. Be advised. Lol. Prologue: In rural Ontario, the topic of 'the weather' has a time honored place of importance in conversation making among farms, which is why it is only fitting that we begin our story by discussing said topic. After all, it does all begin on a small farm...and the weather... The weather was down right nasty, though not in the least bit unwelcome by the local farms of the area and Emily did have to agree that the rain was something to welcome with joy after such an abnormally hot spring. However, she really wished that it hadn't been during the two weeks she was home alone that worst storm of the season had hit. Not only that, but the storm had finally blasted in off Lake Huron about the same time she had to do the barn chores. Dark storm clouds rolled overhead and flashed with light. The wind howled and ripped leaves and branches off the trees making the world seem like it was having a temper tantrum. Emily hurried through the down pour of rain towards the barn and tried not to think about tornadoes. Usually if someone else was home (like her mum, or dad, or her two older siblings), then she wouldn't even worry about the storm since there were lots of people around to do the worrying for her. In truth she normally loved storms. The wild, fierce beauty of them made her hair stand on end, filling her with thrilled wonder at the wonders of nature. But, that was not the case now. Right now she was just a worried fourteen year old trudging alone through a violent storm and trying to be a responsible adult for two weeks while her parents were gone. She didn't have time to enjoy the storm. What if something went wrong?! What if the barn roof brew off? What if the barn collapsed!? Would it catch fire if it was struck by lightening? Probably... Oh, shut up, you idiot! Dad says it isn't helpful to ask 'what ifs' and if we are going to survive the next two weeks we need to grow up!. Resolutely ignoring the prickling sensation of foreboding in her gut, she made it under the overhang where three horses were looking at her distastefully over having to stand out in the rain. "Yes, yes, I'm sorry! Just wait, you'll be inside in a moment." Emily said in her best business like voice. It made her feel more confident when she talked a loud and pretended she was calmer than she really was. She moved towards the door to unlatch it, only to note that the hook was not in its place. "Lady...have you been opening doors again?" The girl scolded. A gust of wind shook the entire barn and let the issue go as she stood very still when she thought she heard a weird whistling and ringing noise. The horses snorted, quivering and pawed the ground, ears flicking in indication that they too had hear the noise. Her instantaneous thought was, Oh crap! Tornado! But then the faint noise faded away again and then there was nothing. The beasts calmed down again with the departure of the sound and then just stared at the door of the barn with interest. It was easy for Emily to assume they wanted in, so she warily pushed the disconcerted feeling in her gut aside and slipped through the door into the barn. "No, Lady!" Lady, her large pushy mare tried to shove in as well, nearly knocking Emily over as she attempted to barge past. With great effort, Emily caught the mare by the nose and then urged her sternly backwards again, smacking her great chest a little sharply so the large creature would pay attention to her. This was an ongoing battle between them. You see, Lady was top boss of the little herd and was used to throwing her weight around. And she was big. She knew it, and Emily knew it. In truth the girl was actually a little afraid of the horse when they were on the ground. Being pushed around by a horse is scary. It had to stop. "You have to wait, now don't be so rude!" Emily snapped, forcing her fear to become irritation, though on the inside her heart was clenched. The mare obliged with reluctance and backed back out again under the overhang. Emily sighed with relief as she pushed the door back in place and then moved to turn on the lights. They lit open area in front of the horse stalls dimly. It would take a few minutes for them to warm up. Humming contentedly to ward off the growing unease she felt, Emily set about opening up the stall doors in order to see what was needed in terms of bedding. A strange noise stopped her in mid step. There was a soft rustle of straw from the end stall. Rats, or a raccoon. Better grab the pitch fork. It is a well know fact that raccoons, when cornered, can be very vicious and Emily felt better knowing she had some sort of weapon to help slow it down a bit. It wasn't like she carried the family rifle around when she did chores anyway...even then she wasn't comfortable with it. Generally she left the gun slinging to her dad or brother. Nerves on the edge of having a break down at this point, Emily cautiously swung open the last door and then froze staring at the dark, huddled mass in the corner of the stall, trying to make out what it was. She released a sharp squeal of fright when it moved. Leaping back she brandished her pitch fork with panic until she caught a better glimpse of what the 'thing' was as her eyes adjusted to the dim light. It was a child. A young boy of about six or seven, in fact. He was dressed in the most unusual attire, as though he just came from a medieval fair or Halloween party. His dirty chin length hair definitely looked the part, anyway. As he gazed at her with wide, tear filled grey eyes, not making a single peep Emily just started at him in shock. She didn't have the slightest idea how to respond as she returned his frightened gaze with her own wild look. Suddenly his eyes flicked away to look with obvious horror past her left side and he cried out quickly, "Lok ot" in broken English. Emily spun round to see the biggest, most disgustingly hairy spider she had ever seen in her entire life. Its body was the size of a small to medium dog and with the legs it looked twice that size. Uttering a wild scream, she danced backwards. Then she went numb with shock as she backed away to child the little boy against the wall, all the while holding her pitch fork ready in front of her with both hands tightly clasped around the handle. The spider skittered forwards, clicking the pincers and making an awful hissing noise. Emily yelp-screamed again and the little boy whimpered, hiding his face as the nightmare approached. It was then that Emily finally realized that it was up to her to do something in this situation. Briefly she glanced down at the kid, and then Emily felt her mind go blank. Something that was a mix of maternal fury, fear, a LOT of adrenaline and self preservation kicked in and suddenly Emily was acting. Lunging forwards, she pounced at the spider and drove the pitch fork through it's body several times with a roar of horrified revulsion. It made a sickening crunch with each stab and the spider screamed with a piercing cries until it finally died. When at long last it stopped moving, Emily found she couldn't stop herself from stabbing it through a few more times just to be sure as her feral panic continued to dictate her movements. Finally, she stumbled away from the body, shaking from head to foot and feeling incredibly nauseous. She then proceeded to throw up all over the concrete floor. When she finished that she stumbled back again and fell against the wall beside the boy, whom she was only just aware of at the moment. She was shaking so violently she could hardly breath and her vision was spotty. She could think, she could hardly breath and now she couldn't hear properly. Gasping for control, she forced her head between her knees and closed her eyes tightly as she struggled to calm down. Ohshitohshitohshitwhatthefreakingshitishappening! A touch at her hand made her flinch violently, but then she realized it was just the boy slipping his little hand into hers. Gradually, as she came back from the edges of passing out, Emily was aware that he was talking to her in a very odd, but beautiful language. She was pretty sure it wasn't a language of the known world... What the heck is going on! Who is this kid? Where did he come from!? WHY IS THERE A GIGANTIC SPIDER IN THE BARN! What logical explanation could she find? Genetic experiment? Time rift? Other worlds? It took a bit to accept these possibilities. Lifting her head slowly, she glanced at him again, meeting his worried gaze and nearly giving a hysterical laugh at the ridiculousness of her needing to be comforted by a child! She should be the one looking after him, not the other way around! "Are you ok?" she croaked, whipping her mouth with the back of her hand and casting a quick glance at the dead spider. The boy looked at the spider also and shivered. Then look back at her with serious grey eyes and waited. Emily tried again, only slower. "Are you hurt? Do you even understand me?" His brow furrowed in concentration, then he shook his head and said softly, "Speak- not –tongue?" Emily took a deep breath and replied, "But, you do understand?" to which the little boy nodded slowly and then made a motion with his hand that Emily understood to be 'just a little bit'. She ran her fingers through her hair, and took another deep breath. Well that's convenient. At least I don't have to try and deal with him not understanding me... "Right. Ok, um...ok." She struggled to put some kind of order to her thoughts. "Ok...first thing is first...we need to get rid of that...thing...just in case...I mean, it can't stay there...we need to get rid of it. Yeah." said Emily decidedly as she struggled to her feet. The boy followed her as she edgily skirted around the dead spider and grabbed a few old feed sacks to put the awful thing in. Now that it was dead and all curled up, it was small enough shovel into the bag, not that Emily wanted to touch it even with a shovel! But there wasn't any way around it. She needed to get rid of it. Holding the bag open and the shovel with the spider at the same time proved to be difficult, but the little boy surprised her by taking the bag and helping to keep it open. From there the pair of them went out the side door of the barn and headed to the burn pile. It was an old metal barrel they sometimes used to depose of small loads brush. With the help of a little gasoline(which was very very carefully used, I might add), the bag and spider burned fast despite the rain. Thankfully the storm had mostly blown over and it was just wet. Standing at a distance under the shelter of a small drive