So, I have been working day and night over this since October. It originally started as a project for National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo; check it out!) and I fell so in love with the story and interaction between the characters that I just had to continue it past the 50,000 word minimum. As of right now, the entire thing is three-quarters done, meaning this will get very regular updating. So, prepare to fly by the seat of your pants. Content warning : occasional warning of suicide and abuse. This was not the place I ever expected to find myself. This was not the situation I had dreamed of. And this was certainly not the direction my life had been going. Five years ago, I had met the perfect person. One year ago, I had been engaged. Everything had started to improve after I hit what was, at the time, rock bottom. That was not the case anymore. This was worse than rock bottom. Six months ago, the engagement was called off, I was kicked out of my family, and there was no one left in my life. I was left to figure out the rest on my own. I stood on top of Springer Mountain, facing north and taking deep breaths to keep myself from turning around. Waiting ahead was just over 2,180 miles of forested mountains and wilderness. This was where I expected to find solace from the life that now weighed me down. I wanted to be freed of my past so I came to the Appalachian Trail. The sign next to me marked the beginning of the trail. The stone and imprinted metal was cool beneath my touch as my hand rested on top. My mind started racing and my heart pounded in my chest as my eyes looked down at the sign: Appalachian National Scenic Trail. Springer Mountain. Elevation 3782'. Southern Terminus. Chattahoochee National Forest. There was no going back now; there was nothing to go back to. I took my first steps forward, scared of the unknown path ahead. "I can't do this anymore." Johanna mumbled, placing her silverware down on the plate in front of her. She looked up at her fiancé with tear-filled eyes. For months, she had been troubled by thoughts of doubt and the realization that she no longer loved the man in front of her. "What?" He stared at her with a confused look. "I can't do this anymore." This time she said it with more force, more meaning. "Do what?" "Us. I can't seem to love you anymore. I feel lost, something is wrong. I'm so sorry." She ran her hand through her hair then pushed tears away from her eyes. Her fiancé continued to just stare, obviously taken aback by the sudden change. "If something is wrong, we can work together to fix it." "No. This is not a you and me situation, this is just me. I have something wrong, like an existential crisis has been storing itself inside of me and it is getting ready to explode." Her words were rushed as her heart began pounding hard, filling her with anxiety. "I can help you, that is what-" "No! Quit trying to fix this!" Johanna slammed her first on the table and stood up. "You cannot help me. I cannot love you anymore. I don't know why but I can't and you have to understand that this will never work again." She yanked the engagement ring off with shaking hands and placed it on the table between them. "I'm so sorry." With that, she started walking off to the front door but her fiancé stood up and grabbed her arm. She pulled away from his grip. "Do not touch me!" "Johanna, calm down. We need to talk about this. You can't just storm out after telling me that you quit a week before our wedding." "Don't fucking tell me to calm down. And I am not quitting. I am giving both of us an out before we end up married and miserable because one of us is not committed. Right now, I cannot talk about this more. I need time to think, you need time to think." Without another word or glance, she walked out of the house and to her car. Nights are often filled with small terrors, taking me back through past mistakes and issues that I am still coming to terms with. Every time I thought of something I wanted to escape, my subconscious did nothing but make it all more prominent. The terrors occurred on such a regular basis that I started to fear going to sleep. It has been close to a year since I last had a solid night of sleep. After a long first day of hiking alone, I sat in front of the tiny light that the pocket stove produced. Despite my exhaustion from day one, I could not get myself to stay asleep. My feet throbbed and back ached from the heavy pack. The terrain had been moderately rough and even though I made good pace, it still felt like I still on the same mountain that I started on. Maybe I had been walking in a giant circle without knowing it. Circling or not, the day had been slightly lonely. All the hikers I passed had been with a partner, someone to take in the whole experience with. They tried to make small talk with me, asking me questions about why I started the hike and when I expected to finish and why I was hiking alone. My unamused look was off-putting though. That was fine though, I did not want to make contact with them anyway. But the night was worse than the stupid small talk and overload of questions. It was pitch black outside, other than the artificial light I have in front of me. The pines were dense enough to block out any glimmer from the moon but the stars above could be seen through the leaves above. There were distant noises coming from birds who were probably chirping to each other about this human below them. They would probably see hundreds of people like me in their lifetime. You can't help but wonder what they think. Why can't this human sleep? What is her problem? Why doesn't she just fly away like we do? Little do they know that I did fly away and I did it with my wings being clipped. I sat outside my tent for close to an hour and there had yet to be a change in the sky so I went back inside in hopes to fall asleep long enough for it to be morning the next time I woke up. Once she ran down the porch steps, she ran to her car and started the engine right away, air from her heaving breathing visible in the cold night air. The car peeled out as she punched the gas pedal down, taking off down the country road. Tears filled her eyes, making it nearly impossible to see what was in front of her. Johanna swore that she knew the road by heart though, all of the twists and turns. Then there was a sudden blow to the car and an impact to her chest, pushing air from her lungs while slamming her back into the seat. Glass shattered in front of her and cut her, adding to the burning sensation on her forearms and face. Johanna blinked, trying to make sense of what had happened. Smoke rose from the smashed up car hood. Her right hand went to her back pocket, fumbling as it pulled out her cell phone. Her vision was still blurred as she dialed 911. "Hello? I have been in an accident… I don't know… Yeah. I think I hit a deer or a fence. I don't know… air bag, windshield broke…" She gave the best street details she could and hung up, dropping the phone in the cup holder next to the seat. A chilling breeze rushed in from where the windshield once was. "Fuck. FUCK!" The words kept repeating from her mouth, becoming drawn out and hoarser every time. Her fists beat the steering wheel as her body shook with anger and shock. Paramedics arrived several minutes later and assisted her from the car, to the ambulance, and to the hospital. She sat on the bed and only talked when questioned. Otherwise, there was no reason to talk. Hours passed before they let her leave with a line of stitches in her forehead and bandages wrapped over the slight burns on her forearms. No one had picked up their phones when she called. No one visited her or came to the rescue. She tried to accept that this was how it was going to be but she made her way to her mother's house anyway. I involuntarily woke with the sun to ward off the night. The sooner it was done the better. I lay there in the tent, tucked into my sleeping bag, shivering from the cold morning air outside. It was crisp and welcoming though. The air was fresh with dew over the leaves and trees, giving the entire forest a strong earthen smell. Unzipping the bag and pulling back the top brought in more air so I fumbled through my pack to get to my fleece jacket, yanking it on with gratitude for its warmth. My neck was stiff and my body was sore from the previous day which made getting out of the tent difficult. I slowly stood up and groaned from the effort. Once my feet were below me, I started the pocket stove and began to boil water for oatmeal. It was one of my least favorite foods to eat; the texture was awful and slimy but the lightness made it easy to pack on the trail. With much defeat, I accepted that I was going to eat it and with that, it would become either my most loved or hated breakfast after this trip. Letting the water boil, I walked off to relieve myself and grab my hanging bear bag with the food in it. As I walked back to the small site, there was a moment when I stopped and realized that I was in silence. The morning was filled with nothing but the crunching of my footsteps on leaves. This was something I had not heard in an incredibly long time and it felt great. No one was here directing my life, just a path suggesting the way. Even the birds were quiet this morning. If the next six months were going to be this peaceful, I was confident already that I never wanted to return to reality. The soreness would go away eventually. Upon my return, the water was boiling. I made my food, ate it with some struggle, and quickly cleaned and packed up. I splashed water on my face and pulled my hair back into a small, tousled ponytail before pulling the pack on and clipping the buckles. My small tomahawk ax was strapped to my belt. Once back on the trail, I made pace to stay ahead of schedule. The sun was beginning to rise over the taller ridges in the distance and the warmth began pushing through the trees. A breeze kept it chilly out though so I didn't bother to remove my jacket. As I admired the distant mountains through the trees, a large rustling noise came from my left. Quickly, my hand unbuckled the ax holster and rested on the head of the weapon, ready to pull it out in attack. A tall man popped out from the thicket and stumbled onto the trail. His hair was blonde and disheveled as much as mine. He was very handsome, gorgeous almost, and tan. It was almost like he could only be described in a romance novel. A classic look. "Ah, an axe murderer." A large grin