Summary: Whether it was a stroke of luck or pure coincidence that he had chosen to rest in a tree overlooking the front yard of Number Four of Privet Drive in Little Whinging, Surrey was something that mattered little to him, though it would later be the subject of a vicious debate. What did matter was that the child had been left on the doorstep of Number Four with little more than a baby blanket and a letter on a night that promised rain. That mattered a lot, and it was unforgivable. Disclaimer: J.K. Rowling owns all of Harry Potter, its characters and most of the dialogue within this chapter. Kyrios, however, is all mine. I make no money off of Harry Potter. The Boy Who Lived Whether it was a stroke of luck or pure coincidence that he had chosen to rest in a tree overlooking the front yard of Number Four of Privet Drive in Little Whinging, Surrey was something that mattered little to him, though it would later be the subject of a vicious debate. He had grown tired from his flight over the Atlantic Ocean and had decided a stopover in the South Eastern part of England would do him some good. Sure, there were better ways of traveling than in the form of a Large Flying Fox, but he preferred the freedom of spreading his wings, even if it shouldn't be possible for that particular breed of bat. He wasn't just any old bat. No, he was Kyrios, a vampire. The strongest there was, known only to the various types of vampires that inhabited the world. Not even the magical folk knew of him, though there were likely myths and legends that had been crafted from the stories that had been passed down by word of mouth from his earlier years of his vampire life. Even the humans had some legends and myths that alluded to him, particularly in Greece, his birth land. Hung upside down on one of the tree's thicker branches, he was about to go to sleep when something appeared out of nowhere in the near vicinity. His senses were excellent and a source of pride for him, and he tensed when this new presence began approaching his direction. Kyrios waited with bated breath, prepared to strike should this be an attempt on his life when a cat, and nothing more, walked into his field of vision. He stared at the cat for a long moment, watching as it looked up at the street sign on the corner of the street some twenty feet away from the animal, and a bit more from him, to read the lettering on the sign that denoted the street as Privet Drive. That was a bit odd for a cat nowadays. Staring at the animal harder, he noticed that the air around it seemed to shimmer a little with something he hadn't come across in a very long time. Magic. The cat was one of those magical people able to take on the form of a singular animal. From within the depths of Number Four came something of a slight ruckus, causing Kyrios' ears to twitch and his attention to go to the front door of the dwelling. The cat seemed to notice the ruckus as well and had jumped up onto the low brick wall that enclosed the front yard of Number Four. Both watched as the front door opened and a rather portly man with short, slicked down blonde hair and a mustache waddled out onto the stoop. He closed the door with a bit of a bang and walked over to the gate that let out onto the driveway where he got into his car, his great weight causing the vehicle to groan a bit and lean towards that side. His gaze going back to the cat, he watched it as it watched the human start up the car and drive away from the home. How curious. Ignoring his primary reason for having landed in the tree, not that he truly needed to sleep to rest up from the start, he decided that watching the cat would prove much more interesting, as well as probably informative. Eventually sometime after the portly man had left, a tall and rather thin woman with a child that oddly resembled a beach ball in size, left Number Four. The cat seemed to stiffen and must have been glaring at the two as the child screamed for sweets and kicked at his mother while they walked down the street. He felt a bit repulsed by the child's actions, but even more so towards the parents for allowing the child to act in such a way. The mother didn't even do anything to dissuade from the screaming and kicking, instead promising the very sweets the child was screaming for. How abhorrent. Kyrios thought as he let his attention return to the cat, who was watching the two until they disappeared. Once the cat could no longer see them it visibly relaxed but didn't seem intent on moving from the low wall. Was there some sort of business this magical had with the Number Four household? Hours and hours would pass before he found out, the residents of Number Four all having returned, carried out the rest of their day and went to sleep. Precisely one hour after the three had gone to sleep another person appeared right at the corner of Privet Drive. He could see them quite clearly from his branch, and it was an old man dressed quite oddly in a long, flowing purple robe? Kyrios blinked at this, his head tilting slightly as he took in the pointed high-heeled boots that were peeking out from the hem of the robes, which were covered in silver stars. This magical human had a long white beard, a twice-crooked nose and he wore crescent moon shaped glasses. Behind those glasses were blue eyes that twinkled with a sort of wrongness to them. The oddly dressed magical man fished around in his robes and after a moment or two he pulled out a cylindrical silver device that rather resembled a lighter. Instead of a flame appearing, each time the little device clicked one of the street lamps on Privet Drive went out and a small glowing orb was swallowed up by the device. One by one he put out the street lamps until there was but the light of the moon and the stars to hopefully guide their sight. A glance at the cloudy sky overhead, that threatened to give way to rain later on in the evening, made it apparent that they would not be using moonlight or starlight to see. Instead, there came a thin sort of stick from the man's robes and the tip of it lit up as he approached Number Four. The man paused to stare at the cat before an amused smile graced his weathered features. " Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall ," the old man addressed the cat in a slightly amused tone. The cat, McGonagall, gave the old man a baleful glare and leapt off of the low brick wall to the sidewalk. Mid leap the cat shifted into a stern looking woman dressed in green tartan robes. Her hair was still dark, though streaked with bits of gray, and pulled back into a rather severe bun. Minerva's lips pursed and became a thin line as she resumed her baleful glare. "How did you know it was me?" " My dear Professor, I've never seen a cat sit so stiffly." The man gave a more benign smile, though that too was setting off Kyrios' senses and instincts. " You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," McGonagall replied a bit tartly. " All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here." Celebrating? What would they be celebrating? There were no holidays that he was aware of. Samhain had already passed. Maybe it had something to do with the magical humans only. McGonagall's reaction seemed to disagree though, for she sniffed angrily. " Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right." Her tone was impatient and her anger flaring. "You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no—even the Muggles have noticed something's going on. It was on their news." With this she jerked her head towards Number Four's darkened living room window. "I heard it. Flocks of owls…shooting stars… Well, they're not completely stupid. They were bound to notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent—I'll bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense." Muggles? That was a term he'd never come across before. With a glance at Number Four he figured that it meant that they were non magical, though it sounded kind of discriminatory, as well as highly derogatory. As for what all had been on the news, he had been so focused on the cat, on McGonagall, that he hadn't heard any of it. The non-magical humans hadn't been all too interesting to him. " You can't blame them," the old man said in a gentle tone, as though he truly meant it. "We've had precious little to celebrate for eleven years." Kyrios found himself blinking at that. He hadn't been in Great Britain for a long while, so he didn't understand what was going on. Maybe listening in further would help. " I know that." McGonagall was getting more irritable, her anger spiking. "But that's no reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors." Really now? He hadn't noticed any of that, and certainly none of that had occurred on this street. The only thing of interest had been McGonagall, and now this old man who he still had no name for. McGonagall gave the old man a sharp glance at this point, as though she were hoping for him to have something to say on the matter, but he maintained his silence. "A fine thing it would be if, on the very day You-Know-Who seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he really has gone, Dumbledore?" That was quite an odd name, and even odder was the whole 'You-Know-Who' business. Kyrios certainly didn't know who and hoped that these magicals would reveal who 'You-Know-Who' was. It was also funny that McGonagall seemed to be fretting about the non-magicals finding out about them when he had by simply staying in this tree. " It certainly seems so." The man now named as Dumbledore said quite simply. "We have much to be thankful for. Would you care for a lemon drop?" That was quite random. Even McGonagall seemed to share his sentiment, though hers might have been simply out of naïveté as she exclaimed, "A what ?" " A lemon drop. They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of." Dumbledore started fishing in his robes for a said lemon drop. " No, thank you." McGonagall's tone was icy, and it was obvious that she thought that now wasn't the time for a lemon drop. The discussion between the magicals had been rather important, or at least that was how it sounded. "As I say, even if You-Know-Who has gone—" " My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name? All this 'You-Know-Who' nonsense—for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort ." It was at the name, Voldemort, that McGonagall flinched, though Dumbledore, who was busy unsticking two of his precious lemon drops he had fished out of his robes, seemed not to notice her reaction. "It all gets so confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who.' I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name."