His Christmas's Princess The train had just arrived at the last station. The Alpines mountains were in frond of them. Such beauty in their greatness. She stare at them for a long time until Andrey grab her coat demanded attention. She looked down at her and smiled taking her hand in hers. It was colder than ever. ''Where are your gloves?'' she asked and her brows frowned in. ''I left them for the young boy who lost his, Mione.'' she answered and smiled to her god mother. She was about to argue with her when - ''How many times do I have to tell you Josh?'' a woman with a very red face was searching in her son's back bag. ''You have to be more responsible young man!'' she grab his little hand and looked at her watch in her arm. ''We have to hurry, I'll buy you another pair when we'll be at Paris!'' she said and they disappeared from her sight. ''You think I should be used to it by now.'' she whispered to herself and her eyes got sight of him having his face lighten up from the unexpected gift that he found on the train. A pair of gloves. She took their suitcase and went inside the station to find the man that supposed to be expecting them. She never been in France before, but thank God for the french books she had read. The privilege of working in a bookstore that was – and of course her mother who wanted her to learn and signed her in some classes. When she started to work in that small bookstore she had read all of the books in there – french or not. From historical and literature to tourist guides. She was a fast learner and her memory seems to be endless, therefor learning french was easy for her – after Latin of course, which was always making her interest raised. That was her way to make her mind stop. She really needed to escape her recently reality – and if that meant not working in the hospital, well, be it. She had to clear her thoughts. She had to pass the state of grieved. The past year was the worst for her. I am so selfish she thought. If it was worst for her, what it must be for her god daughter? She looked at her as she was yawning. They were traveling for the whole day - she was tired as well. ''You must be Miss Granger.'' a man around forty was standing in frond of her, smiling. ''I am Mr Beterwood, the chauffeur. May I?'' he asked and took her bags. They went outside the station and the man opened the door of a Daimler Princess in her surprised. She knew about the wealth of the Malfoy family from first hand. Dora told her everything about them – how her mother Andromeda Black got disinherited by her family, because she fell in love with someone who weren't royal like them. How her beloved sister, Narcissa was married in someone worthy, Lucius Malfoy, and had a boy named Draconis, who Dora only seen a few times. How their world had its problem with a powerful wizard who wanted only the royals to rise. How they loathed the muggles and how they ended up in a war. Dora never fully told her everything about the war. It was a dark place for her. She lost her parents and she nearly lost Andrey as well. Hermione felt shivering as the thought passed her mind. ''Did you have a nice flight?'' the man asked to break the silence in the car and Hermione's thoughts. ''It was delightful. I have never been in France before.'' she said smiling to him. ''You will find it rather magical miss..'' he pointed outside of the car, on their right, to the castle that was starting to shown. ''..the Malfoy Castle miss.'' he told them and Hermione's eyes widen at the sight of it. The castle was extraordinary. She had never seen something like that in her life. It was like it came out of a fairytale. And I surprised that they have a car like that.. she thought. She looked outside of the car's window, to the fully snowing view that was taking her breath away again and again. It was indeed magical. ''Isn't it beautiful Andrey?'' she asked her and put an arm around her. She was quieter than other times, but she could see her face was lighten up as they were getting closer. ''I really don't like beef, Mione.'' she said with concern and her face pouted – the way that Hermione would never say no to her. The man looked at them through the mirror with his brows frowned. She looked away from him – her cheeks feeling red. She tighten her hold around Andrey and they looked at the snowing landscape. ''Quest room that is yours miss.'' an elder elf opened the door to the room that she would stay the rest of the Christmas holidays. Her eyes widen the moment she looked at the room. A king sized bed with silky grey sheets and covers, a leather armchair next to a small bookcase and a table – mahogany she thought, even a fireplace. The elf took her suitcase ignoring the way she was trying to adsorb everything in the room. ''You don't have to do that.'' she said softly as she watch the elder elf unpacking her suitcase. ''It is my job miss.'' she told her as she was taking the books that she packed with her to the bookcase. ''Ah.. erm.. Don't worry then.. I won't tell.'' she told her and knell down to fully face her. ''And you should call me Hermione, not miss.'' she told her smiling and extended her arm. The elder elf was starting to shaking now, her eyes wet looking at Hermione with confusion and care. ''Miss wants to know the name of mine.'' she started to cry for real now, yelling and making Hermioe's ears hurt. It wasn't the first time she saw an elf, but it was the first time she heard one crying. ''It's Eula, Mione.'' Andrey said walking through the door. She sat down next to Hermione and looked at the elf smiling. ''It is little miss, yes it is!'' she said and she was happy that Andrey knew her name. Hermione looked at Andrey, she really had to talked to her about her abilities of prediction. She learn how to control it at school but today she was doing it again and again. It wasn't something that was bothering Hermione, she was proud for her little witch, but Remus made it clear that she had to control it. She shook her head to make her thoughts leave, and looked at her god daughter, they were alone now – the elder elf, Eula, left. ''Would you like to see my room now, Mione? It is across the hall.'' she took her hand and she lead the way. Andrey's room was much more colorful than hers. The walls were white and they were pink details everywhere. She felt jealous a bit. The walls in her room were grey, with green details. What was with that family and grey? She thought. ''I like that..'' she said and looked at a music box playing Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata. She watched as the Malfoy Symbol sealing the top of the box. The big M was in the middle of the symbol and the two dragons guarding it. She took the box in her hands and tuned it again for the music to play. She could feel her cheeks reddish and her heart racing. Her eyes were resting on the symbol for so long she thought the dragons were moving when she heard a voice from behind her. ''That is one of Draco's favorite composers.'' Narcissa was standing at the door behind her, having a smile in her face. Hermione's brows frowned. ''My son's.'' she said as she had just read her mind. ''You must be Hermione.'' she said and walking in the room extended her arm to her. ''Nice to meet you Mrs Malfoy.'' she said and shake her hand. She brushed at her sight. She was a very beautiful woman, very proper and dressed nicely. She felt embarrassed for her jeans and sweater she was wearing and she looked down to her feet. She didn't know that she had to be dressed formal like her. ''This is Andromeda Lupin.'' she said and took Andrey's hand in hers. She was hiding behind her feeling rather intimidated in the sight of Narcissa's. ''Of course you are.'' She knelt to her height and she looked at her eyes. Narcissa felt her eyes watering. She looked away after a while. She had her sister's eyes, she noticed. ''You don't have to feel bad about it.'' she told her in cold blood and shocked her. She looked back at her with an amusement in her eyes. She then looked at Hermione who was blushing. ''Is she..'' she asked her and Hermione nodded. ''Well, it is ran in the family. If I recall correctly, and I do, mind you, we had an uncle with abilities of prediction. He got disowned though. I think he ended up in Azkaban too. He did not predicted that.'' she said and laughed a little. As did Hermione. ''Alright then. We are having dinner in eight sharp. We will see you there.'' she said and left them alone once again. Hermione touched lightly Andrey's hair as she was reading out loud one of her favorite poetry book. Andrey was about to sleep but she wanted to hear one more poem. When her eyes closed, Hermione left the book in the table next to her. The fire from the fireplace was making her sleepy too, but she had to keep an eye on Andrey. She was so tired and her mind started to wonder. She looked around the room she was in. What made her accept their invitation? For all she knew, the Malfoy Family didn't want to have anything to do with the rest of the Blacks, or the Tonks, or the Lupins in that matter– then again, why did they invited them? Why did they invited her ? She knew they were the purebloods of the purebloods – they were the first in a society that was meant to be only for royals. She knew about the blood status, and she understand what was making her in their eyes – a muggle. She really wanted to deny the invitation, but something was telling her to go for it. She wanted Andrey to know that she had another family. A family that was magical just like her. A family that she could be relaxed about being special. A family that could helped her in the Wizarding World. She looked her sleeping form in her arms. No child should ever experience the things she had. It's been a year since Remus and Dora lost their lives in a mission. Last Christmas. They left the custody of Andrey in her. She thought that she was the only one Andrey had in this world – until she found a eagle owl expecting her in her house. It had a letter in his leg, an invitation for them to travel to France, for the holidays. The owl left only when Hermione write her answer, two days after. Andrey sighed in her sleep and Hermione jumped a little. It was hard to compete Andrey's parenting figures. There were times she wanted to scream in frustration – she didn't knew what she was doing. She didn't knew if she was good enough. Maybe that's why she accepted the invitation in the first place. Maybe she wanted her to know that her family wasn't gone completely. She looked at the music box she took with her back in