- Author's Note on Comments : As it seems I'm unable to actually respond to the comments in a way so everyone can see my replies, I'm going to address a few things. (1) There's been a complaint about how this story is less focused on the plot of the original novel, but I assure you that by the time it's finished the stone, mirror, and Voldemort will have all been covered. So far, only two months have passed in my fanfiction. J. manages to fit an entire school year in the span of only 10 to 12 chapters. I find this terribly plot driven, as I like to work more with characters and how events (whether external or internal) affect them. The fanfiction will make it to the end of the first novel. It will just seem slower to some people who are more plot-obsessed. (2) Some people think that the title is misleading, because there's been a little more revolving around Draco than Harry. Yes, I didn't realize I'd be doing so much with Draco when this first started. I initially intended for his secrets and problems to just poke at the audience, but with their first few weeks at Hogwarts being only slightly uneventful, yet necessary to establish character relationships and interactions, I thought it would be a good time to establish that even Slytherins are real humans/people with real problems. Also, as many things are affected by Harry's house transfer, if even just slightly, I don't find the title very misleading. Another reason is that I'm giving story to most of the characters to make them more relatable or to feel less 2D. I'm not just doing a story about Draco's issues. I'm also doing a story about how Hermione wants to prove she belongs in the wizard world, I'm doing a story where Ron will have to get past his prejudices in order to be friends with Harry, and Harry will get his external story-line and plot eventually. It's just that they don't know enough yet to have that pick up in speed, but it will when the time is right. (3) The main purpose of this story is to humanize the Slytherins, to have Ron and Hermione become independent enough to not be Harry's shadows, and for Harry to expand his knowledge and ways of thinking (Gryffindor may have been decent for Harry in some regards, but I never thought he was ever emotionally satisfied with that house. The house transfer lets him explore new ways of thinking that may have him become more satisfied or relaxed in that regard, as his knowledge, resources, and choices would have expanded as result). Also, by not having Harry in Gryffindor, it forces Ron and Hermione to do more things or solve more problems on their own. (4) I'm not a fan of those narcissistic stories that think there should only be one real protagonist with a few sidekicks and the idea that the entire world should revolve around them. This is not one of those stories. It may take a while, perhaps even another fanfiction after this, but Hermione and Ron will get their glory, and even the "villains" will have their own reasons for doing things. These characters are real people dealing with real problems, not just just 2D figures with permanent ideologies and thoughts. I love character development, psychology, and dream sequences. My author's page tells you to expect these things, so if it's going slower than you like, then you don't have to read it. Just know you will be missing out on the opportunity to see these characters slowly develop into something fuller and more relatable. (5) There's also been some complaint about how Malfoy is no longer evil, to which I say "Was he really ever?" He probably is going to treat people from his own house better than other people, and even then he may only be doing it out of expectation. There has to be a reason for why people do things. No one is evil to the core, and no one ever believes themselves to be 'the bad guy'. I have implemented some explanations, like how his parents will tell him he should stay away from the impure or that he could do so much better than "insert name". Also, I feel that people commented on Draco's personality "change" before they saw him interact with someone that wasn't even from his house. Perspective is everything. - I know this was long, but it was necessary to respond to the questions/comments which multiple people may have. Do remember I have an entire school year to finish the philosopher stone plot line, and so far I'm only two months in. Since I started at the halfway point of Rowling's novel, I think I have the right to turn her 10 chapters of the school year into 20, probably even twice that since my chapters seem to be half as long as hers are (and it will be more than that even, just because her books are so plot-focused in the first place). Please be patient, and you will be thankful you were. After the sorting hat sang its song, a very loud applause echoed throughout the hall. Harry, however, didn't even smile. He's scared out of his mind. Gryffindors are brave and honor chivalry. Huffpuffs are loyal and true. Ravenclaws are intelligent with a will to learn. And Slytherins, they are cunning and will do anything to achieve their goals. Harry shakes his head, as none of these things truly sounded like him. He remembers hiding away, being too afraid of even his cousin to stand and fight back. He couldn't think of anyone he's shown any loyalty to, and although he was smart he wasn't all that interested in spending his life behind a stack of books. And then the Slytherins will apparently do whatever it costs to succeed, and I'm not too sure I could go through something like that. He suddenly feels unwell, not sure whether to throw up or faint. What if I'm not chosen at all? What if I just sit there for hours or even days, being laughed at and humiliated, until Professor McGonagall admits there must have been some mistake and shews me back onto the train? Harry didn't even realize the tables had already become quiet again, as the sorting hat had bowed to each one of them. Beside him he hears Ron whisper, "All we have to do is try on a hat!" His voice carries anger, "I'm going to kill Fred. He was going on about wrestling a troll." and for a moment Harry considers if he had meant it. However, he shakes it off, concluding that this must be some form of sibling rivalry he's read about in books. After looking at the ancient hat again, Harry decided that this was better than a test at least. He looks around the hall, wishing it had not been a public display, but as he thinks about his lack of memorization of his materials over the summer he realizes this is the better deal. But I don't even know what chivalry or true is. He watches Professor McGonagall stand forward and unroll a long piece of parchment. Do they mean true as in truthful, or is it more like true as in being true to yourself? He takes a deep, shaky breath, as his hands begin to clam up in the surprisingly temperate, roofless room. I don't even know who I am. He looks around for Hermione, noting that he should have her give him a history lesson about himself later. Assuming she talks slow enough for me to understand a thing she says. The professor loudly explains to the new students, "When your name is called, you will sit on the stool and the hat will be placed on your head to sort you." Harry mutters, "I'm going to fail." Ron whispers, "That's impossible. You can't fail this." as the blond haired Hannah Abbott was called and declared a Hufflepuff. "All you have to do is pick up the hat, and it should do all the work for you." After Susan Bones is also declared a Hufflepuff, she sits down next to the first girl as the table cheers for the newcomers. Ron continues, "The only way you can fail this is if you were put in the wrong house." He takes some candies from his pocket and stuffs his mouth with them, "Like me, I will be expected to be in Gryffindor, so if I get put in Hufflepuff then my family—" He pauses at the thought of disappointment, "If I get put into something else, I'm not sure how they'd react." Harry questions, "Is there a way I can mess up?" as Terry Boot becomes the first Ravenclaw and shakes hands with a few of the house members. Ron gives a questioning look, as if he doesn't know how Harry could possibly mess this up, "Well, your parents were in Gryffindor, but I think you should be good so long as you don't get Slytherin." "Remind me," replies Harry as Mandy Brocklehurst also becomes a Ravenclaw. "What's wrong with Slytherin?" He hurries on before he could be given a look that would show himself to be an idiot again, "Hagrid and you say that Slytherins just go bad, but aside from Vol—" He shakes his head but doesn't say You-Know-Who, as that name actually does scare him for some reason, "Aside from him, who else has gone bad?" Ron comments, "Well, aside from the fact that most of his followers were in Slytherin, the founder of the Slytherin house was also bad." Their conversation is briefly interrupted, as Lavender Brown is sorted and the Gryffindor table explodes with cheers. He turns back to Ron, "What exactly did the head of Slytherin do?" Ron scoffs, "How am I supposed to know? If you want a history lesson, ask a Ravenclaw. I'm not a bloody history book." Harry becomes quiet, suddenly wishing he hadn't spoken at all. After all, if he's learned anything from the Dursleys, it's that staying quiet always makes things run more smoothly. He looks at the stool as Millicent Bulstrode is assigned to Slytherin, and it's as he saw the last table earn their first student that he's suddenly reminded of gym class. I was always chosen last, because no one wanted Dudley and his gang to think that they liked me. As Harry continues to watch, he realizes some people, like Justin Finch-Fletchley who's assigned to Hufflepuff, would be sorted immediately, while others, like Seamus Finnigan who is put in Gryffindor, would take a whole minute to sort. Hermonie Granger is called next, and although she seemed nervous at first, she eventually runs up filled with excitement. When the hat declares her a Gryffindor, Ron groans, "No." Hermonie seems rather pleased with herself, but while she grins her way to the Gryffindor's table Nevil Longbottom is called and actually trips his way to the sorting hat. After finding the stool, the hat's placed on his head by Professor McGonagall, and it takes a while for it to decide. There's a lot of murmuring after the hat calls out, "Gryffindor." at the surprise of almost everyone there. Laughter replaces the murmuring, however, when Nevil forgets to take the hat off, and he has to return it to the next student. Harry doesn't bother listening to what house Morag MacDougal gets sorted into, as he begins to believe it's completely random, but then Draco Malfoy is called up and the hat doesn't even touch his head before declaring him a Slytherin. "Big surprise there," comments Ron sarcastically, as Malfoy smirks his way to the table and sits across from Crabbe and Goyle. There aren't many people left now, but Harry can't help but think of the impact this decision could have on his life. Too bad it's