Silken Peril by Linda Hoyland Rating T Prompt - Faramir is poisoned by something meant to hurt Aragorn (food, drink, hidden needle, cloth soaked in something...) and Aragorn uses his power to heal him. All recognisable characters are Tolkien's, not mine. I make no money from writing this. Summary- A helpful gesture has dire consequences. "I miss Arwen and the children already," sighed Aragorn. "However do you endure so long away from Éowyn and your little ones when your work keeps you here, mellon nîn?" He stretched out his long legs and leaned back against the cushions on the couch. After sharing a hearty supper with Faramir, the two men were enjoying a leisurely glass of wine in the solar. Faramir sipped his drink thoughtfully. "Of course I miss them, but I have grown accustomed to often having to be apart from them. I cannot neglect my duties and neither can Éowyn. She would never be happy to live in the City all the time and it makes me happy to know that she is content." "Your words are wise," said Aragorn. He sipped from his own glass of wine. "Arwen needs to spend time amongst the trees and blossoms in the countryside now spring is here. Her good health and spirits depend on it and I desire her happiness above all else." "We will both join our ladies in a few days," said Faramir. "Until then, there are plenty of tasks to occupy us. I suggest now supper is over that we begin to sort through the birthday gifts you received." Aragorn groaned. "Must it be tonight? There are so many!" "All the more reason we should decide which ones to keep and which ones can be given to the poor without offending the givers. Your secretaries have already written letters of thanks. If we delay any longer you will have wedding anniversary gifts to sort through as well in another few weeks!" "Very well, I see your point." Aragorn gave a resigned sigh. "It will make the task easier with you here." He called for the servants, who at his command, carried in six chests stuffed to the brim, which they placed before the King. He thanked them then dismissed them, telling them not to return until he called. They bowed low and took their leave. "I will keep the gifts from young children," said Aragorn, poring over a selection of assorted parchments adorned with portraits, which mostly bore little resemblance to their subject and laboriously written poems. "They put so much love and care into their work. They can be stored in the archives." "What of these?" asked Faramir, rummaging through an assortment of knitted socks, most of which were several sizes too small for the King. "They can be given to the poor." "And this?" Faramir held up an elaborate tunic made of embroidered orange velvet with a shining silver silken trim and a black edging." "Ah, the colours of Rhûn," said Aragorn. Faramir sighed. "The Easterlings are becoming a threat again. They come through Mordor to harass Ithilien, attacking my people and stealing their flocks." "I intend to tell the Ambassador when I dine with him next week that such a state of affairs cannot continue or we shall be forced to retaliate," said Aragorn. "I suppose this tunic is a gift from Ambassador Khulan. It is the custom in Rhûn to give gifts of clothing." "You could wear it at the dinner as a token of good will," said Faramir. Aragorn took the tunic from Faramir and held it up. He regarded it doubtfully. "Would I not look foolish in such a gaudy garment? If only more of the ambassadors were like Tahir! He would never be offended by what I did or did not wear." "The Men of Rhûn will no doubt be dressed in these colours. Perhaps you would have a better chance of settling the dispute peacefully if you wore it?" "Hmm." Aragorn held the tunic against his body and went over to a looking glass. "If only Arwen were here; she would tell me if I looked foolish or not." "What if I were to try it on?" Faramir suggested. "We are of similar build and colouring. If I look well enough in it, you most likely would too." "An excellent idea! There is a matching shirt too." Aragorn retrieved a silvery silken shirt from the trunk where Faramir had found the tunic. Faramir pulled off the tunic and shirt he was wearing. Aragorn handed him the orange and silver garments. "They are magnificent clothes," said Faramir. "They must have cost a great deal to produce." He pulled them over his head. "Ouch! The tailor must have left a pin in the seam," he exclaimed. Then he gave a loud cry and fell to the floor, writhing in agony. "Faramir!" Full of concern, Aragorn knelt on the floor beside his friend. "It burns, it burns!" Faramir screamed. Aragorn grabbed an ornamental dagger from amongst the heap of gifts and sliced through the orange and silver garments. Only then could he see that the Steward's upper body was covered in scarlet welts emanating from a point on his shoulder where a small needle was embedded. "Have a care!" Faramir gasped between moans as Aragorn made to pick up the remains of the garments. Aragorn kicked the fabric aside with one booted foot. It seemed that Faramir had been poisoned. Whether the poison was all on the needle or also on the cloth, he had no idea. He took a deep breath. He needed to remove the needle swiftly before the poison could spread. "You need to remain still, ion nîn," he told Faramir. He looked around for another dagger that was not contaminated with the poison. There was one here with a richly jewelled hilt that the Dwarves from the Blue Mountains had sent as a birthday gift. He had no flame in which to cleanse the blade and no time to kindle one. He held Faramir still with one hand and cut out the poisoned needle with the other. Instead of staunching the wound, he allowed it to bleed, hoping that poison would be at the least diluted. Faramir cried out repeatedly, which added to Aragorn's fears. Faramir was the most stoic of men and rarely complained, even when seriously wounded. The Steward was shivering. Aragorn pulled off his own tunic and wrapped it around his friend. Aragorn called for help. A guard appeared almost at once, as did a scared looking serving maid. "Lord Faramir has been injured. I need my healing supplies, and then a healer from the Houses. I also need the Ambassador from Rhûn summoned here at once. And see that no one touches these clothes." He gestured towards the remains of the tunic and shirt. "Yes, my lord." The guard sped away while the maid cried for further help. More servants appeared, hearing the commotion. Aragorn sent one for blankets, which he wrapped around the Steward. In the meantime, someone brought his healing supplies. He rummaged in the satchel, wondering what was best to give Faramir. He had no knowledge of the antidote, so deemed the best course of action was to ease the Steward's obvious pain with poppy syrup while he sought for a cure. He knelt beside Faramir again, a cup in his hand and coaxed Faramir to drink, supporting his head with his free hand. The Steward was shaking and groaning so much that it took him some time to drain the potion. Aragorn gripped his friend's hand while he waited for the poppy to take effect. At last, the Steward's eyes closed and he fell into an uneasy slumber. Even in his sleep, he continued to twitch and shake. Only then did he feel that it was safe to move Faramir to the nearest bedchamber. He ordered a burly manservant to help him carry The Steward. They carefully laid Faramir on the bed. Aragorn then despatched the servant for hot water and another to gather fresh athelas leaves from the small herb garden he had cultivated in the Citadel. He put Faramir to bed while he waited. Faramir still shifted uneasily in his sleep and his pulse raced when Aragorn checked it. This poison seemed unlike any other that the King had encountered during his many travels. Most poisons administered by arrows or sharp needles were used by hunters and caused the victim to become paralysed. Faramir's reactions seemed quite the opposite. Snake venoms had various ways of poisoning their victims, but Faramir was not bleeding and his heartbeat, though rapid, was regular enough. Athelas was effective against many poisons, so as soon as he had hot water and the fresh leaves, he made a poultice and applied it to where the needle had pierced Faramir's skin and the angry looking welts which now covered his upper body. The Steward immediately became more settled and seemed to slumber more peacefully. Aragorn urgently needed to consult Master Elrond's healing books, but he dared not leave Faramir until a healer from the Houses arrived to sit with him. Now he had a few moments to think, he found he was shaking. The poisoned clothing had been destined for him, not for Faramir. If Faramir had not been so eager to help his lord and friend, it would be he who was lying here, fighting for his life just as he had done a few years ago when a crazed woman from Harad had stabbed him with a poisoned dagger. He has only survived the attack thanks to Faramir's determination to find an antidote. While the healers had despaired, Faramir had gone out and sought a cure. Aragorn buried his face in his hands. How could he bear to lose his brave, loyal friend and wise advisor? Faramir was dear as a son to him. Why had he ever let him don the garments? He should have known the Men of Rhûn were not to be trusted. A few moments later, Master Aedred, who was the chief assistant to the Warden at the Houses and Aragorn's personal physician, arrived. Aragorn swiftly explained the situation to him. He left Faramir in his care while he went to consult a weighty tome from Master Elrond's library concerning poisons and their antidotes. He had no sooner begun to seek for answers in the book when a servant announced that the Ambassador from Rhûn had arrived. "Show him to my study," said Aragorn. He hurried off to interview him. Ambassador Khulan sat serenely on the chair usually occupied by Faramir when the two worked together. His were hands folded inside his orange and silver robes and his lips set in a smug smile. He reminded Aragorn of a snake about to strike its prey. He rose and bowed deeply when the King entered. "To what do I owe the pleasure of this invitation, Lord Elessar?" he asked before sitting down again. "Did you send me garments in the colours of your land as a birthday gift?" demanded Aragorn. "Maybe, but I cannot recall what gift was sent to you, my lord," said Khulan. "It is kind of you to summon me here to thank me, but my servants deal with all such matters." "I would try to recall if I were you, Ambassador," said Aragorn. "The garments contained a poisoned needle hidden within the seams and my Steward lies dangerously ill after being pricked by it." "That proves one of two things, my lord," said Khulan. "Either your servant should not have touched what was meant for his master, or that you are wise to have a subordinate test your clothing before you wear it. In either case, I know nothing of poisoned garments." Aragorn leapt to his feet. It took all his considerable willpower not to fly at the man and shake the truth out of him. "You forget of whom you are speaking, Ambassador. I toy