Hunter and Hunted by Linda Hoyland Rated T Disclaimer - These characters all belong to the estate of J.R.R. Tolkien. This story was written for pleasure and not for financial gain. With thanks to Raksha and Deandra Written for the Teitho "Beginnings" Challenge where it was unplaced. "It has been a good hunting trip." Faramir sighed contentedly. "We were wise to make no rash promises to our ladies concerning restocking the larders," said Aragorn. "They know full well when we go hunting it is not for the thrill of the chase, but to return to the wilds of our Ranger days," said Faramir. "We are blessed that we can savour the sight of a fine buck without being compelled to kill it else go hungry." "And to be able to ride out together and enjoy the touch of the breeze on our faces," said Aragorn. "Not to mention the pleasures of spending time on horseback together. We need a few days freedom every now and then, however much our advisors try to stop us. Once a Ranger, always a Ranger." He affectionately patted Roheryn's neck as he spoke. "We should be home ere nightfall if we keep this pace up." "I hope you and your family can stay here in Ithilien a few days longer," said Faramir. "I am certain my Uncle Imrahil will not mind remaining in the City until the end of the week. He told me he had business to see to in the Citadel." "Arwen and I are happy to accept your hospitality," said Aragorn. "She enjoys escaping from the City in summer as much as I do. Eldarion loves being in the country with all your animals. He now cannot make up his mind whether to be a Ranger or a farmer!" Faramir smiled a trifle wistfully. "Maybe, unlike us, in these days of peace he can try his hand at both. He reined in his horse and looked around. "Every year sees the return of more farming folk to these lands," he remarked. "Ithilien is truly the garden of Gondor once more." Aragorn brought Roheryn to a halt and surveyed the landscape. "Strange," he said. "That farm over there looks inhabited, but the gate is wide open and the crops are trampled." Faramir followed his gaze. "There is something wrong," he said. "Let us investigate." He urged his horse forward and the two men galloped towards the farm. As they drew nearer, they drew their swords and slowed to a more cautious pace. A sorry sight met their eyes, the fields had been churned up and there was not a single grazing animal to be seen. A few agitated looking chickens flapped aimlessly around the farmyard and a grey striped tabby cat fled at their approach. As they rounded the bend to the farmhouse, they could hear crows squawking. It was soon all too obvious what had attracted them. A man, his throat cut, lay lifeless on the ground; beside him, likewise slain, lay a great hound. "Bandits," Aragorn said grimly. He swung himself from his horse. "I heard reports that some farms had had livestock stolen and I sent Rangers to investigate, but they found no traces of the bandits," said Faramir. "The miscreants have sunk to new depths of infamy. They will pay for it, I swear." Aragorn was already kneeling beside the lifeless farmer. "He has been dead for several hours," he pronounced. "See the pitchfork beside him? He must have tried to defend his land and was slaughtered for his pains, poor man. We must see he is properly buried. Can you help me move him inside, mellon nîn? I would bury him myself, though I promised Arwen I would try to return ere sundown tonight." Faramir nodded. "We will send men to bury this poor fellow on the morrow. We should just…." He stopped, craning his neck in the direction of a weak mewling cry. "What was that?" "A kitten, maybe. I saw a cat run off when we arrived. She could have a litter hidden somewhere." "It does not sound like a cat to me. It sounds like a newborn infant's cry." "How could a baby survive the carnage here? We should investigate, though." Aragorn snatched up a sack from a heap that were lying on the ground and threw it over the dead man to try to keep the crows away. He then stood, listening, his head cocked to one side. Then the cry came again, a piteous mewling sound. "That is no kitten," said Faramir. "It sounds like a newborn babe!" "It came from within," said Aragorn. The two friends approached the open door of the farmhouse, which had almost been torn from its hinges. A scene of utter devastation greeted them as they entered. Furniture had been overturned, and the stuffing pulled from a cushion and scattered across the rush matting that covered the floor. They searched the room thoroughly as well as an adjoining bedchamber, which was in a similar state of disarray to the living area and kitchen. Aragorn and Faramir even climbed into the hayloft, but there was no sign of any child. "Where can the baby be?" asked Faramir. "Let us listen for the cries again," said Aragorn. The two stood still and listened. After what seemed an age, they heard the cry again. It seemed to come from beneath their feet. "There must be a cellar!" Aragorn exclaimed. He began to roll up the rush mats. Faramir began to do the same at the other side of the room. "Here!" he cried. "There is a trapdoor." The two men pulled the door up by its ring and peered into the darkness within. A low moan of terror greeted them. "Do not be afraid," Aragorn called. "We mean you no harm. Faramir managed to find a candle amidst the debris and lit it from his tinderbox. Sheltering it with his hand, he peered into the cellar. Amongst an assortment of dusty barrels and farming tools, lay a young woman, her gown stained with the detritus of childbirth. In her arms, she clasped a tiny newborn babe, wrapped in a shawl. At the sight of the strangers, she gave another moan and clutched the baby more tightly. "Have no fear, mistress, we are here to help you," said Aragorn in his most soothing tone. "This cellar is no place for a newborn baby." Faramir moved away from the trapdoor and started to clear away some of the debris in the living room. A sturdy wooden settle had survived the carnage unscathed and he took off his cloak and folded it into a makeshift pillow. The woman simply stared wide- eyed in fear at Aragorn and clutched the whimpering infant more tightly to her breast. "We mean you no harm, mistress," Aragorn repeated in the same soothing tone. He reached for his sword and dagger and unbuckled them, and laid them down together with his bow. For a moment, he toyed with the notion of offering her his dagger, but decided against it. In her state of fear and confusion, she might harm herself or her child. "See, mistress," he said. "I am unarmed. I am a healer who would help you." "You are a man with greater strength than I!" she almost spat the words at him. "If you touch me, though, I swear I will kill you!" She produced a small kitchen knife and brandished it in an unsteady hand. It was bloodied and Aragorn surmised she must have used it to cut the birth cord. "Indeed, I have killed many enemies with sword, but my hands are those of a healer. I am sworn to protect the weak and innocent and defend them with my last drop of blood." "My husband will protect us." Aragorn shook his head sadly. The woman gave a low keening moan and swooned. Faramir ran back to join his lord. Aragorn jumped down into the cellar and prised the child from the young woman's limp grasp. He handed it up to Faramir. The Steward promptly tucked the infant under his tunic. Aragorn half dragged, half carried the unconscious young mother out of the cellar, then laid her on the settle. He swiftly checked her pulse and briefly examined her. "She has swooned from shock, I believe. I do not think anything ails her that time and care cannot heal. There is not a great amount of blood on her clothing and she is a good colour, so it appears she has survived the birth unscathed, though a midwife should examine her and tend to her as soon as possible." "We should take her to Éowyn," said Faramir. "She knows of such matters and would care for her and her babe." He gently removed the infant from beneath his tunic and gave it Aragorn. "How fares the child?" "It looks to be a little early, but appears healthy," Aragorn pronounced after a few moments. "It is good that it is a girl child. They are often more robust." The young woman stirred and opened her eyes. "My baby!" she cried. "She is here," said Aragorn. He pulled a clean shirt from his pack then removed his cloak and wrapped the infant in the garments. "How do you fare, mistress?" He handed the child to Faramir then placed a supporting arm round the young woman's shoulders and helped her to sit up. She gave a deep sigh. "I am so very tired." "You have suffered a grievous shock as well as having faced the ordeal of childbirth alone. Aragorn turned to rummage in his pack and brought out his water bottle. The woman took a draught then demanded her child. "You have a healthy daughter, mistress. Has she suckled yet?" The young mother nodded. "We were hiding for many hours. The raiders came at dawn. My Basgorn told me to hide in the cellar, as I was great with child and could not fight to protect my home. He went out with his faithful hound to drive the ruffians away. I heard a dreadful cry then shouts. Soon afterwards my child was born. I was too afraid to come out." "Your husband died bravely, mistress, his hound at his side." The widow smiled sadly. "Basgorn named him Huan. He always claimed the hound was a valiant beast. It seems he was indeed." "What is your name, mistress?" Aragorn asked. "I am called Andreth." Just then, the infant began to wail lustily. Andreth gave the two men a pointed look. "We will try and find you clean clothes, Mistress Andreth," said Aragorn and fetch water so that you can wash." "There is a well outside." "Thank you, mistress. We will return anon," said Faramir. Aragorn went outside and filled a pail with water. He then kindled a fire in the grate and put the water in a pan to heat. Meanwhile, Faramir managed to find a crumpled but fairly clean dress and shift in the bedroom as well as some blankets and towels. He tidied the room as best he could. It seemed that the raiders had left Andreth's clothes as well as the bedding. Most likely, they were only interested in money and valuables as well as clothing they could wear. Faramir was filled with rage. Only the lowest of the low would prey on poor farming folk. Aragorn put his head around the doorway and on seeing that the bedchamber now bore few marks of the raiders, suggested that he carry the water within. They then helped Andreth up from the settle and into the bedchamber. "We will leave you to wash and change your gown, mistress," said Aragorn. "We shall be outside within earshot should you need us. We will help you bathe your daughter if you wish." "What do men know about bathing infants?" said Andreth. "We are both fathers, mistress," Aragorn said with a smile as he left the room closely followed by