Stirrups and Stitches by Linda Hoyland Rating - T Summary - Arwen and Éowyn try to help a distressed young Princess. Disclaimer – The familiar characters belong to Tolkien and his heirs. I make no money for writing this story. With grateful thanks to Raksha and Deandra for editorial assistance and to Pauline and NiRi for their expertise in subjects I know little about. She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff – Proverbs 31.15 – The Bible Éowyn restlessly patrolled the beds of herbs, pausing now and then to pull up a weed. The morning sun pleasantly warmed the herb garden. Arwen sat beneath an apple tree, her skilful hands embroidering a shirt for Aragorn. "Éowyn!" Faramir chided gently. "Leave the weeding for the gardeners. You will get earth on your hands. Princess Minnah will arrive any moment." "We have awaited her for over an hour," Éowyn grumbled. "I could have taken the children riding." "I know the Princess is an inconvenience for you, my love," said Faramir. "But we are the only kin of Elphir's with whom the Princess could stay. The traditions of Harad dictate that a bride to be should stay with a married female relative of the groom's, if the families live too far apart to travel on the wedding day. She is not permitted to see her husband- to -be at all, or his male kin, unless a female relative is present." Éowyn sighed. "I think it is a cruel tradition. I only wish that Amrothos and his wife had not decided to go and escort Lothíriel to the wedding. They would be more suitable hosts or even Ambassador Tahir and his lady." Aragorn strode into the garden just in time to overhear the end of the conversation. "Éomer could hardly foresee the situation with the Dunlendings would worsen. He cannot leave Rohan to escort Lothíriel to her brother's nuptials. Tahir and Adiva would welcome the Princess but they are not of Elphir's kin as custom demands." Arwen looked up from her sewing. "I only hope that the Princess will be happy in Gondor. It seems an unlikely match. I am glad that I can be here to welcome her." "Sometimes, I wish I were more like you, my friend, able to make diplomatic duties a pleasure," said Éowyn. "It will be beneficial for you and the children to spend some time in the country, vanimelda. I am sure you ladies will have an agreeable time planning the wedding," said Aragorn. "While you men escape back to the City!" Éowyn retorted. "We were fortunate to be able to be with you today at all with the full council in session," said Faramir. Uncle Imrahil and my cousins cannot not leave the City while the Council debates seaport tariffs. We will return to escort the bride to Dol Amroth for the ceremony. I might also need to console Uncle Imrahil, as I believe he had hopes of Elphir marrying one of Lord Húrin's granddaughters." "Elphir already has an heir of high Númenorean lineage on both sides so I believe Imrahil is simply thankful that his heir finally has shown an interest in remarrying," said Aragorn. "Poor Elphir has been sad of heart since Lady Morwen died in childbirth. Imrahil is delighted, now, that I chose to send Elphir on that diplomatic mission to Harad. Now only Erchirion lacks a wife." "It seems almost unbelievable that Elphir decided to wed the Kha Khan's daughter after merely glimpsing her looking out of a window!" said Éowyn. Aragorn laughed mirthlessly. "Kha Khan Janab is wily as a fox," he said. "The last time I heard, he had thirty five daughters in need of advantageous marriages. If Elphir had paid the lady merely a passing compliment, Janab would seize on it as an opportunity for a diplomatic alliance. Elphir would not dare refuse. He seems content enough, though, by all accounts. The Princess is said to be most fair and of a gentle demeanour. She should make a kindly stepmother for young Alphros." "I suppose the poor woman was traded for a camel!" Éowyn said sharply. Aragorn shook his head. "No, Janab demanded a favourable trading deal with Dol Amroth as his daughter's dowry. From now on his merchants will not need to pay a levy to anchor in the Belfalas harbour." "That is worth more than an entire herd of camels," said Faramir. "Sadly, the women of Harad can seldom marry for love. I am sure my cousin will endeavour to make the Princess happy, though." Just then, a serving maid hurried into the herb garden with the news that the Princess' travelling party had been sighted. Éowyn hastily wiped her hands on an apron she was wearing then pulled it off and handed it to the maid. The King and Queen, together with the Steward and his lady hurried into the courtyard to await the Princess' arrival. "She is highly honoured to have the highest in Gondor waiting to greet her," Éowyn observed. "Protocol does not demand it, but it should help ensure good relations with the Kha Khan," said Aragorn. "The children wanted to be here too, but I feared too many people might overwhelm the poor girl," said Éowyn. "I told Eldarion he could meet her after she was rested," said Arwen. "I do hope she speaks our language, or you will have to remain here to translate, Estel!" "I am needed in the City, but I will stay until one of the women from the Houses of Healing who speaks her language can be summoned, if you cannot understand the Princess," said Aragorn. Just then, a band of scarlet and gold horsemen armed with scimitars clattered into the courtyard. Aragorn and Faramir's guards instinctively placed their hands on their swords. An ornate carriage drawn by four black horses followed behind the horsemen and another group of armed riders brought up the rear of the procession. The carriage halted and one of the riders opened the door. The horsemen all turned away as the carriage's occupants emerged. A young woman clad in rather crumpled scarlet and gold robes was helped from the carriage by a plainly clad young woman who was obviously a maidservant. The Princess appeared to be very young. She had olive skin, delicate features, and soft brown eyes that held weariness and apprehension. The Princess espied Aragorn and Faramir and prostrated herself on the ground before them, her maid quickly following her. "Please rise, Princess, and your companion," Aragorn said gently in the tongue of Harad. "I am King Elessar and this is my Queen, Lady Arwen. We are honoured to welcome you to my kingdom of Gondor and Arnor. May you dwell in our lands in peace and gladness!" "The honour is all mine, o great and exalted King," said the Princess softly. She raised herself to a kneeling position and held out her hands, palms-up. "I am Minnah, daughter to the Khan of Khans, Janab son of Jabari, may the sun never burn him!" After rushing the lengthy salutation out in heavily accented Westron, the princess looked up expectantly. Faramir came forward and raised her up gently but firmly "Welcome, Minnah, daughter of Janab, on behalf of Elphir, son of Imrahil, my kinsman." he told her courteously. "I am Faramir, son of Denethor, Prince of Ithilien, in whose lands we now stand, and Steward of Gondor. My lady and I welcome you to our home and hearth." Faramir released her slender hands. He was rewarded with a hesitant smile. He gestured to a waiting servant who handed him a small box, which he offered to the Princess. "Prince Elphir has sent you this gift, an heirloom worn by all the Princesses of Dol Amroth. He eagerly awaits your arrival to unite with him in marriage." Minnah opened the box and lifted out an exquisite mithril and crystal pendant in the form of a swan. She looked pleased at the gift. "My lord and husband- to- be honours me greatly with this gift of great excellence," she said. "May he forever dwell in the shade of an oasis!" Éowyn smiled at the young woman. "I am certain you must be tired after your journey," she said. "I will show you to the chamber we have prepared for you. I am Lady Éowyn, Princess of Ithilien and of the Mark. There is refreshment and accommodation for your guards in the barracks." "May my handmaid, Raha, be allowed to accompany me, most honoured lady?" asked Minnah. She gazed at Éowyn with sad brown eyes, looking more like a hunted doe than a joyful bride. "Of course, Princess, and I will provide any other servants you might need," said Éowyn. "Come now, you will wish to bathe and change your gown." "I cannot, noble lady!" said Minnah and promptly burst into tears. "You cannot?" Éowyn regarded the weeping princess in bewilderment. Aragorn and Faramir gestured for the guards and servants to leave. Once they had done so, they tactfully withdrew, leaving the three women alone. Arwen hurried forward and placed a comforting arm around the girl. "No one will make you do anything, you do not wish to, Princess," she soothed. "If you are unhappy about your forthcoming marriage you have only to tell the King. Elphir is an honourable man who would not wed you against your will." Minnah shook her head. "Honoured Lord Elphir seems kind, I like him, I am sad to leave my homeland, and fearful about becoming a wife, but I could have a far worse husband chosen for me," she said between sobs. "Tell me then what troubles your heart so," Arwen coaxed. "I cannot change my gown." "You can have only your own maid to help you dress in the privacy of your bedchamber." Arwen now looked as perplexed as Éowyn. Whatever could be so daunting about changing a gown? "You not understand, honoured lady," Minnah sobbed, her Weston becoming increasingly garbled. "No other gown do I have. We crossed great river and horse drawing the cart with my dresses stumbled. The cart went in river and all my clothes are gone, including gown for wedding!" Éowyn looked greatly relieved. "Do not worry, Princess Minnah. We can lend you some clothes until the seamstresses can make you new ones." Minnah shook her head. "You most kind, honoured lady, but wedding robe from Harad most special. The honour of my esteemed father is besmirched! I bring shame on my noble ancestors and my esteemed Lord Elphir too!" She sobbed even more piteously. "My seamstress is highly skilled. She could make you a beautiful wedding gown." Éowyn struggled not to roll her eyes at so much of a commotion over a mere dress. "My gown had much embroidery from greatest seamstresses in all Harad," sobbed Minnah. "Another such cannot be made!" Arwen suddenly smiled. "I have some skill with the needle, Lady Minnah. I promise you I shall make you a wedding gown that will bring honour to you and your house. I know the seamstresses of Harad are skilled, but the skill of the Elven women is even greater. I am the only granddaughter of Galadriel, a great Elven lady, who taught me the art of needlework for years uncounted in the golden wood of Lothlórien. Fear not, young Princess; I shall make you such a dress that it will long be remembered in song and story!" Minnah's sobs finally quieted. "You would do this for me, exalted Queen? I am but a stranger; and the daughter of those who once drew swords in these lands. " "Gladly, child." said Arwen. "For I, too, came to this land a stranger. First, though, you must refresh yourself and permit us to lend you something to wear for the time being. When you have eaten, you can tell me exactly what sort of a wedding gown you require and we will send for the materials