Circles of the City – Linda Hoyland Rating PG13 Aragorn and Faramir seek to help a mysterious woman All familiar characters belong to Tolkien. Only the OCs are mine. Aragorn was just leaving his apartments when he nearly bumped into Faramir, who was also making his way outside. "I was just going to see if any blossoms were sprouting on the White Tree yet," said the Steward. "I felt like some fresh air." "I am on my way to the Houses of Healing," said Aragorn. "The warden is at a loss with a difficult case and sent a message asking if I could assist. It seems they have a very agitated patient with a young child and hoped if I were free this afternoon I might be able to use my Elvish abilities to help calm her. She refuses draughts of either valerian or poppy." "I will come with you," said Faramir. "Some exercise would do me good. I can wait in the gardens while you tend your patient." "I will be glad of your company," said Aragorn. "Truth to tell, I welcome some distraction. Arwen is attending a meeting all afternoon, and though I have work to do, I feel I need to stretch my legs." "I finished the documents I was working on sooner than I expected," said Faramir. "It helps a great deal now that we have simplified the levies on imported wool." The two men fell into step together. They paused in front of the White Tree. "Look!" cried Faramir, "the first buds are opening. The tree will soon be covered in blossoms." "Let us hope that is a good omen," said Aragorn, reaching out his hand to gently caress the tree trunk. It was always quiet in the seventh circle and the two men's footsteps echoed on the stones beneath their feet. At a discreet distance behind, their guards followed. They walked swiftly and soon reached the sixth circle. On their way to the Houses of Healing, they passed many an imposing mansion. All the great lords of Gondor had their homes or town houses on this city level. Here, too, dwelt the Ambassadors from many foreign realms, all vying to have the most imposing residence. No location in Gondor was considered a more prestigious place to live. The Houses of Healing were set apart in spacious gardens to give the sick peace and quiet away from the hustle and bustle of the City. "I will take a walk in the gardens," said Faramir as soon as they reached the Houses. "I will try not to be too long," said Aragorn. "Do not hurry on my account," said the Steward. "These gardens bring back happy memories of the days I was courting Éowyn." Aragorn smiled at the younger man and entered the houses to be met by the warden and Mistress Uzza, a woman who had initially trained as a wise woman in her native Harad and had come to Gondor seeing vengeance after the Ring War. Instead, she had been persuaded by Aragorn to study the western arts of healing. "It is good of you to come, sire, but I fear you are too late!" exclaimed the warden. "She is gone!" "The poor woman has died?" asked Aragorn. The warden shook his head. "As far as I know she still breathes, but she has disappeared with her child," he said. He glared at Uzza. "No one could understand a word she was saying so I put her in Uzza's sole charge, in the hope that she could communicate with her. I would usually entrust such patients to Dame Ivorwen, but she is not here today." "The woman could not be from Harad, though," said Uzza. "I felt certain she was, but she did not respond when I spoke to her. She just became more terrified when I tried to reassure her and speak to her in the manner of my people. She had a bad cut on her arm, which she would not let me examine, nor would she accept any pain relief. I had to leave the room for a moment and when I returned the woman had disappeared, together with her little girl." The warden glared at his colleague. "You should not have left her alone." "You told me to tend her, not guard her!" Uzza retorted her accent becoming more pronounced. "She was guest, not prisoner!" "Ever since you left a perfectly decent husband your attention has been on your son, not on your work," the warden scolded. "I told him, I am darwisa not slave! I should have followed the way of our people, but I needed heir!" snapped Uzza. She was a tall imposing woman and stood glaring at him, dark eyes flashing and arms akimbo. "I not with son, son cannot honour ancestors if always tied to mother's skirts! I needed to ask advice what I should do for patient who seemed so scared of me!" Aragorn held up his hand for silence. Both the Warden and Uzza were excellent healers, but they rarely saw eye to eye. "Peace, both of you," he said sternly. "Your bickering will not help find this unfortunate woman and her little one. Now think carefully, can you tell me anything at all about her?" "Her skin was a similar hue to Mistress Uzza's as was her hair," said the warden. "She is of small statue, though." "Her clothes, which were loose robes such as my folk favour, were torn and blood stained," said Uzza. "She was far too thin." "Do you think she was mentally disturbed?" asked Aragorn. "I do not know," said the warden. "Maybe." Uzza shook her head. "I think not. She screamed because she felt great fear." "Did you find any injuries as well as the cut on her arm?" The warden looked questioningly at his colleague. "Her wrists were red and sore," said Uzza. "I was not able to examine her further, nor the child, though she looked healthy enough." "How old was the little girl?" asked Aragorn. "I would surmise around two years old," said the warden. Feeling he had learned all he could, Aragorn bade farewell to the healers and went in search of Faramir. He found his Steward sitting on a bench in the gardens, admiring the apple blossom. Faramir got to his feet. "I did not expect you back so soon," he said. Aragorn explained to Faramir what had happened "Alas, poor frightened woman! Are you going to ask the Citadel Guards to look out for her?" "That would be the usual thing to do, but the woman has done nothing wrong. Guards would only panic her more. I thought, maybe we could find her. She cannot have gone far, especially with a small child." "A good idea," said Faramir. "We can put our old tracking skills to good use." "I fear the good warden's cleaners will have already removed any clues," said Aragorn. "Someone will surely have seen the woman, though. She was dishevelled and dirty, and thus would look very out of place here in the sixth circle. The lords and ambassadors even vie to have the best dressed serving maids." "We should ride down to the lower circles then and question the guards at each gate," said Faramir. "We should call first at Ambassador Tahir's residence," said Aragorn. "If the woman does indeed hail from Harad, maybe she sought help there." The Ambassador's imposing mansion was only a short walk from the Houses of Healing. When the King knocked on the door, a smartly dressed manservant appeared and bowed low. Aragorn explained his errand. The manservant shook his head. "She has not come here, esteemed lord King, or we would try to help her. Neither does she dwell here. When the Ambassador's servants are unwell, his personal physicians attend them, such is our custom. The honoured Ambassador, long may he live, would never permit his servants to go around injured and untended." Aragorn thanked him and walked back to where Faramir was standing. "If the woman indeed came from Harad, surely she would have conversed with Mistress Uzza?" said Faramir. "Maybe she was too afraid and does not desire anyone to know her origins," said Aragorn. "There is still much darkness in those lands. On the other hand, she might come from some other land where the stars are strange. We must try to find her before she comes to any harm." The two men made their way towards the main stables where the horses belonging to the King and the Steward's households were housed, as well as those of the nobility and diplomats. The horses used by soldiers and officials were stabled there too. After the war, the stables had been refurbished and expanded, using the latest designs for horse comfort as developed by the Rohirrim. Roheryn neighed joyfully as Aragorn approached his stall and nuzzled hopefully expecting a carrot. Aragorn apologised to the faithful horse for his oversight in not bringing one while the stable hand brought Roheryn's tack. Aragorn liked to saddle his own mount and Faramir did likewise. The two men rode towards the gate, all the while keeping a sharp look out for the woman and her child, but there was no sign of them. They questioned the guard at the gate, but he said that so many folk went back and forth to the Houses of Healing that he could not recall any woman and child in particular since most of them looked distressed or were injured when in need of a healer. "This woman left the Houses still in distress and bleeding from a wound on her arm," Aragorn pressed. The guard shook his head. "Sorry, sire, but a large group of women went through the gate together a little while ago when the cleaners from the Houses finished their work. I do keep my eyes skinned, I do, sire, but it is for men bearing weapons." Aragorn and Faramir rode on through the gate down into the fifth circle. There were more houses here, fine stone mansions occupied by the city's prosperous merchants and craftsmen. A smart looking tavern, "The Silver Star", catered for the folk who dwelled nearby. King and Steward searched the main street and looked down the alleyways between the houses, but the woman was nowhere in sight. Eventually, Aragorn reined in Roheryn alongside an elegantly dressed woman who was walking along the street with a plainly dressed companion, who appeared to be her maid. "Have you seen a dark skinned, dishevelled young woman, who appears to be injured, together with a little girl, mistress?" he asked. Obviously unaware to whom she was speaking to, the woman glared. "Indeed not! This is a respectable area. We don't have foreign beggars here. They know they won't get anything. I don't know what Minas Tirith is coming to with all these foreigners everywhere!" "The folk from other lands have brought a good deal of wealth and prosperity to the City," said Faramir, halting his horse alongside Aragorn's. "My husband will take their coin if it's good," said the woman. "He's a goldsmith and a good one at that." "It is the King's wish that hospitality and courtesy be shown to all," said Aragorn. He urged Roheryn forward and trotted away leaving the woman glaring after him. They rode on towards the gate and again questioned the guard. This time he did recall seeing a dark skinned woman and a child, but he had waved them through the gate without paying much heed to them. Aragorn thanked the man and the two rode down to the fourth circle. This was a much livelier, busier place than the three upper circles with many houses and inns. The market was held here and many merchants had permanent booths. Tradesmen and soldiers dwelt here in the spacious houses. Since the war, many had planted small gardens or cultivated pots of colourful blooms. Aragorn and Faramir tethered