Contest entry for the Control, Possess, Seduce Contest - well some of us had to come last! I was in two minds about whether to re-post this because it went off track (turned out more sweet than steamy) & I didn't have time to re-write it. But here it is anyway. Bisous Sue x HER STUPID MISTAKE As soon as she saw him she knew she'd made a mistake. She'd scanned the jumble of faces and immediately picked him out at a table at the far end of the busy restaurant, and as the maitre d' ushered her in, all Bella's usual poise deserted her and she froze in the doorway, suddenly seventeen again and afraid she'd trip over her own feet if she risked a single step forward. To add to her discomfort, although the room was designed to be light and airy with its high atrium and trailing greenery, the strong evening sunlight flooding through the large windows was currently making it feel more like a greenhouse, and already the back of her neck was prickling with heat against the scratchy collar of the tailored suit she was wearing. Luckily Edward seemed to be in deep discussion with the sommelier and hadn't noticed her arrival, so Bella quickly made an excuse and hurried back up the stairs to the main part of the restaurant. Now she was out of his sight she felt slightly less nervous, but she was still undecided about whether to brave things out or just make a run for it. And to give herself a breathing space, she headed for the loo. Unfortunately the over-perfumed room was also swelteringly hot, but at least she had an opportunity to give Alice, the architect of her discomfort, a piece of her mind. Pulling out her phone, she saw Alice had already left her three texts to wish her luck and remind her to report back immediately and Bella lost no time in dialling her number. 'For fuck's sake Alice, what the hell have you got me into this time?' she hissed. 'Even if he did fancy me at school, if he gives me a job because of it that won't reflect well on either of us.' But the signal was weak and it was pointless trying to prolong the conversation. 'What? Yes he is hot, but that's nothing to do with it. I need a job not a date. What? Oh, very funny Alice, that's not the kind of advice I need at the moment. I'll text you later.' Sighing, Bella put her phone away. Alice was right, she definitely needed a job, which was why she'd allowed herself to be talked into this mad scheme in the first place, but she wasn't quite so desperate to make a complete fool of herself. Alice had always insisted Edward had a crush on her at school and that he'd therefore jump at the chance of helping her out, but then Alice also believed in karma and the Loch Ness Monster. As far as Bella was concerned the fact that Alice had heard through a friend of a friend that Edward was looking for a temporary office manager, just when she needed a job, was neither here nor there. Although it was true she'd always followed Edward's career with interest and was intrigued at the thought of seeing him again, if she was really going to go through with this, it would be much less embarrassing if he didn't even remember her and she certainly wasn't going to remind him they'd kissed once, nearly sixteen years ago. Glancing at the mirror over the sink, she stopped to twist a strand of hair which had escaped her smooth chignon back into place, hearing her mother's voice telling her to stop fiddling with her hair and stand up straight. Grimacing at the memory, she drew her shoulders back, took a couple of calming breaths and made her way back to the lion's den. -ooo- Making an effort to erase any sign of nervousness from her face, Bella got ready to smile as she approached the table. She was used to entertaining Mike's clients and she knew how important it was to make a good first impression. As she'd crossed the room, this time on perfectly steady legs and with her head held high, she'd been aware that several pairs of male eyes were following her and she drew confidence from the attention. As she got closer, she studied Edward's face and wondered if she would have recognised him as the sixteen year old she'd briefly known, if his picture hadn't been constantly splashed all over the newspapers. As the owner of a very successful advertising agency, it would have been surprising if he hadn't made use of the free publicity, but his wealth, good looks and lifestyle, which included a passion for dangerous sports, had made the media attention impossible to avoid. The beautiful boy had certainly grown into a beautiful man. He was taller than Bella remembered and his hair was slightly darker, although it was just as unruly, due to his habit of constantly running his hands through it, which he was doing now. But she knew she would have recognised Edward anywhere – his smile had always made her feel as if he was sharing a secret with her and she had never met anyone whose eyes were so brilliantly green, or so intense. And as she met his gaze, for a second she was mesmerised all over again and her heart lurched in silent panic. But to her relief there was not the slightest flicker of recognition in his eyes when he shook her outstretched hand and introduced himself. Disconcertingly it continued to feel as if she was in the presence of two people at once, the man and the boy, and it put her off balance. Somehow, despite his reputation and his success, she hadn't expected him to have so much presence and she was surprised at how confident and at ease he was. His voice was low and seductive and when he smiled at her now, she felt the full force of his charm and it wasn't difficult to see why he was rumoured to have broken so many hearts. In the same situation Mike would have been anxiously looking at his watch and worrying that he was running late, but Edward made her feel that all his attention was focused on her and she was his only priority. 'I'm sorry to be conducting this interview in such circumstances and at such short notice. I'm meeting a client here in half an hour and as there were only two candidates on the final shortlist, it seemed the easiest thing to do. Please take a seat Mrs Newton' Edward indicated the chair Bella was standing next to and she slid into it, trying not to stare at the inking which snaked out from under the left sleeve of his white t-shirt and wound up around the base of his neck. She couldn't help thinking her mother would have been absolutely appalled and Bella almost laughed then, as she pictured how she would have been hustled away. She also couldn't help noticing how strong Edward's tanned arms were and how his t-shirt tightened over his upper body when he leant sideways to retrieve his laptop from the floor beside his chair. Without being overly pumped up, he obviously kept himself in shape and she wondered how much work it took to achieve such a perfect balance between strength and beauty. Glad he couldn't read her thoughts, Bella looked away and sat up straighter as he opened the laptop and began to read the application form Alice had filled out on her behalf. To her dismay, several times when she glanced at his face, she saw his eyebrows rise or his lips twitch in amusement and she wondered again how Alice had got her application to the top of the pile. But Edward was all professionalism when he closed the laptop and looked back at her across the table. 'I can see you're well qualified, if not over-qualified, for this position, but I'd like to hear in your own words' – did she catch a glimmer of amusement on his face again? – 'why you feel you're a suitable candidate.' 'I realise at first glance there's quite a difference between an advertising agency and a law firm, but I understand you employ a similar number of staff, and the detailed job description you've supplied is exactly the kind of work I've been engaged in for the last twelve years.' 'However, that employment was mainly in your husband's legal practice?' Bella was slightly surprised that Alice had volunteered this particular piece of information. 'That's true, but in the main he gave me free rein and in effect I reported to the junior partner.' 'And you've recently divorced?' These questions were in danger of becoming too personal and Bella raised her chin as she faced him, 'Yes.' Perhaps realising he was making her uncomfortable, Edward steered the conversation around to the workload she could expect, the software she was used to, and details of the salary and hours he was offering. He underlined that he needed someone to start immediately and as the job would only last for three months, he couldn't afford to make a mistake by employing the wrong person. Slightly annoyed by the doubt this threw on her abilities, Bella forgot her nerves, pulled herself together, and began to explain exactly why she was the best candidate. But overall the encounter had been thoroughly unsettling and Bella had no idea whether Edward was going to offer her the job or not. At the end of the interview he stood, but didn't shake hands, and after abruptly informing her he would call her later, she appeared to be dismissed. But after carefully making her way back across the room, Bella risked a quick glance from the safety of the doorway and was surprised to see he was still standing where she had left him and that his eyes were still on her. Realising her knees were shaking again, once she'd ducked through the doorway, Bella quickly rang Alice – she was definitely in need of a stiff drink or two before she went home. -ooo- Alice was already sitting at the bar when Bella arrived. As soon as she'd answered the phone, Bella had heard her negotiating with Jasper to babysit for an hour, then had to suffer the sound of giggling, kissing and whispered promises to make it worth his while, before Alice remembered she was still on the phone and Bella was waiting to make arrangements about where to meet. In the end they settled on the pub at the end of Alice's street, which meant Alice didn't have to worry too much about leaving her pride and joy, little one year old Ben, and they could make the most of the summer evening's sunshine in the tiny garden at the back of the pub. As soon as she saw Bella, Alice squealed and jumped off her seat, throwing her arms around Bella's neck and laughing manically in her excitement. Returning her hug, but insisting she needed a drink before she did anything else, Bella made Alice wait until they were settled at a table before she'd answer any of her questions. 'Come on Bells, don't be mean, or that's the last time I'm going to set you up with a drop dead gorgeous multi-millionaire. Spill. Now!' Bella laughed, 'Sorry Alice but I've no idea how it went, so your fiendish plan may come to nothing and I'll have to try getting a job in the corner shop instead.' 'But was he as handsome as he looks in the newspapers and did he know who you were?' 'Yes, more if anything and tall and he smelt delicious, and no he didn't remember me thank goodness,