Thanks to everyone who read my first story - this one's for you. THE LANTERN HOUSE PROLOGUE Just as the coffin slid into the ground, the heavens opened and thick drops of rain pelted down on the crowd of mourners, drumming on the coffin lid and instantly turning the trampled grass between the graves into sticky mud. Squally blasts of wind whipped up the women's skirts and hair and the tattered leaves of the overhanging trees, disturbing the rooks in the highest branches and sending them wheeling into the air and onto the church roof, where they flapped and cawed in loud disgruntlement. Caught on the exposed hillside and having no choice but to brave the elements or jostle for what little shelter was available, the mourners shivered and hugged themselves against the unseasonable weather, wishing they'd come prepared with overcoats and umbrellas. As they clustered further under the straggly trees they forgot where they were for a moment and bursts of conversation sprang up, before quickly fading out as their eyes turned back towards the graveside. Waiting for the last voice to die down before continuing, the vicar stood firm and carried on with the service, bracing himself against the rising wind as his cassock billowed out around him and the rain plastered his thinning hair to his scalp and ran in rivulets off his bony forehead, fogging up his glasses and dripping off the end of his nose. But the family members who stood silently beside the coffin, were so deeply caught up in their grief that they appeared to be immune to anything the weather could throw at them and when they stepped forward one by one, to say their final goodbyes and throw a handful of gritty soil onto the coffin lid, it was a sign of the affection they were held in that instead of making an immediate run for cover, the villagers waited in line to offer their condolences before gratefully hurrying for the shelter of their nearby houses. Finally, the family party accompanied by the vicar, made its way down the twisting gravel path back towards the church, and the deserted churchyard was abandoned to the elements. Bruised by the rain, a single wreath of spring flowers glimmered brightly against the black earth, while overhead the clouds became ever thicker and darker, driven on by a westerly wind and bringing with them a rumble of thunder, which echoed around the bay. -ooo- CHAPTER 1 ten years later… Woken by the unfamiliar sound of seagulls squawking on the roof of the chip shop across the street, Bella opened her eyes to a swathe of bright spring sunshine, which was streaming into the small attic bedroom and reflecting off the newly painted walls. Pushing aside the heavy quilt, she gingerly stepped out onto the floorboards and opened the window, drawing in a deep breath of salty air and leaning out as far as she could in the hope of catching sight of the sea. Disappointingly, her only view was of grey rooftops and chimneypots, but if she listened very hard she thought she could catch the faint background murmur of waves. Further down the corridor a vacuum cleaner purred into life and realising it must be later than she'd thought, Bella hurriedly searched for her phone to check the time, suddenly anxious that she would be late for her interview. To her relief it was only just after nine and shivering slightly in the chilly air, she delved into her suitcase to find her dressing gown, before slipping into the shower. And after quickly getting dressed and drying her hair, she was soon sitting at a table in the bar downstairs with a huge fry-up in front of her. Bella lost no time in clearing her plate then looked around for the landlady, who was hovering behind the bar. 'Thank you, that was just what I needed. I'm sorry if I'm being a nuisance, have your other guests already gone out?' 'Oh, don't worry, you're the only one at the moment. It's a bit early in the season yet, but if you'd tried to get a room in a couple of weeks' time, everywhere would have been booked up.' 'I'm really excited to be this close to the sea.' The landlady looked at her with raised eyebrows, but said nothing, as she began to clear away the breakfast things. Undaunted, Bella continued 'I know it's odd, but I've never been to the seaside before. And as I've got half an hour to spare, I was wondering if you could give me directions to the beach?' The landlady, who Bella now noticed was wearing a badge which identified her as 'Jessica', laughed, not unkindly, and drew a rough map on a beer mat, before picking up Bella's empty plate and disappearing through a door marked 'Private' without giving Bella time to thank her. -ooo- But the directions weren't really needed. At first sight, the small village with its narrow streets and top-heavy fishermen's cottages perched in tiers on the steep hillside, was claustrophobic and confusing, but Bella soon realised every path led to the main street and from there to the sea, and after a short walk she arrived at her destination. It was a perfect picture-postcard setting. She was standing on a cobbled quay in front of a final row of brightly coloured cottages and shops, looking out over a small bay which formed a natural harbour sheltered by cliffs on either side. To her right, a stone jetty studded with rusty mooring rings stretched out into the water, while to her left, rock pools and a tiny strip of sand had been exposed by the receding waves. The small fishing fleet had long ago left on the tide and the harbour was deserted, so all Bella could hear was the soft swish of the sea and the squawking of seagulls circling high up over the mouth of the bay. Picking her way around the plastic crates, netting and coils of rope which littered the quay, she carefully made her way down a steep flight of stone steps onto the beach. It was set to be a gloriously sunny day. The sun was already shining in a cloudless blue sky and the sunlight was reflecting off the tops of the waves, so that as Bella looked out over the smooth expanse of sea, all she could see was a glittering carpet of silver, while a few yards in front of her feet, small waves gently lapped at the sand, then retreated, belying the power of the high tide which had strewn a thick line of rubbery brown seaweed across the rocks. Laughing with exhilaration and feeling like an excited child, Bella threw her arms out wide and spun round in circles on the sand, closing her eyes & leaning her head back to feel the warmth of the sun on her face. When she came to a stop, dizzy and out of breath, the waves seemed to be whispering to her and she imagined wading into the water and swimming out into the silvery distance, until her old life and the grey northern town which had been her home for so many years, were left far behind. She desperately wanted to stay and explore the rock pools and spend the rest of the morning enjoying the sunshine and the scenery, but her interview was looming. Reluctantly dragging her eyes away from the sea, she turned and looked up over the houses and shops nestled at the bottom of the cliff, to the narrow road which wound like a white ribbon across the grassy hillside, past the church on the outskirts of the village, all the way over to the headland, where a single building was visible. Large, imposing and painted white, so that like the sea it was glistening in the strong sunlight, Bella recognised The Lantern House immediately, but had to shield her eyes with her hand to make out the glass dome of the observatory tacked onto the side, which gave the house its name. In the last two weeks she had spent hours on the net familiarising herself with the area and somewhere up there Carlisle Cullen was waiting for her. -ooo- When Bella arrived back at The Sailor's Rest pub, the taxi driver she'd booked was already sitting at the bar. Although she'd been so tired the previous night that she'd fallen asleep on the journey from the station, she'd been awake long enough to find out the driver's name was Emmett and that he lived near the village, so it had seemed sensible to ask him to pick her up again this morning. Despite his hulking frame, Emmett's kind face and obvious good nature had immediately made Bella feel at ease and she was pleased to see him again. Breaking off the conversation he was in the middle of, he greeted her with the same friendly grin she remembered from the night before and nodded towards the large TV screen on the wall, which was tuned to a sports channel. 'Hi, don't rush, there's still plenty of time and I'll have you there ten minutes before you need to be. I'm just keeping Mike here company and catching up on yesterday's rugby scores while I'm waiting.' Trying to ignore Mike, the landlord, who'd greeted her with several unfunny and slightly suggestive comments the night before, Bella smiled back at Emmett, 'Ok, I'll go and tidy up a bit and I'll be down again in five minutes.' When she reached her room she retrieved her hairbrush from her suitcase and ducking into the small ensuite, she brushed her hair and put on some lipstick, noticing that the sea air already seemed to be doing her good. There was colour in her cheeks and a sparkle in her eyes which had been missing for far too long. But despite Emmett's cheery conversation, as Bella sat in the taxi on the way to her interview she couldn't help feeling sick with nerves. She had never done anything this reckless or impulsive before and she had no real plan to fall back on. If Mr Cullen turned her down, she would be more or less destitute with nowhere to go. -ooo- As promised, Emmett got her to her destination with ten minutes to spare and after drawing up next to the sports car which was parked on the wide stretch of gravel outside the front door, he helped Bella out of the taxi, wished her luck and disappeared towards the back of the house, whistling loudly and waving to someone inside as he passed a window, which made Bella smile. Smoothing down her hair, Bella hurried up the steps and rang the bell, already worrying that the house was much larger and more imposing than it had looked online, which did nothing to help her nerves. After a minute or two, the door was opened by a very elderly woman dressed in a polyester overall, who introduced herself as Mrs Cope. 'Come in dear, Mr Carlisle and Master Edward are waiting for you in the study.' Bella was puzzled, 'I didn't know Mr Cullen had any children?' 'Oh bless you, my dear, Mr Carlisle doesn't have any children, not since Miss Alice. Master Edward 's his nephew and he's come down from London specially.' Still slightly confused, Bella stepped inside and found herself in a large square hallway with patterned tiles on the floor. Directly in front of her, an imposing staircase with heavily carved banisters led up to a half-landing lit by a stained glass window, and opening off the hall were several doorways, through which Bella glimpsed spacious rooms furnished with beautiful antiques and rich fabrics. Mrs Cope was leading Bella towards a corridor on the right, while peering back at her with bright beady eyes and her head on one side, like an inquisitive bird. 'My you're a pretty little thing.