Hey so this is kinda like a Sequel to I'm a Lone Red Rover but you don't have to read that to fully understand what's going on but I would probably recommend? It's a oneshot but its kinda long for a oneshot. Anyways, this is based on the song Second Chances by Imagine Dragons so yes this is a songfic and it is a oneshot. And in this there is no Calypso, Leo never met her. I hope you enjoy, please follow, like, review, whatever you want to do. Comments on the story is very much appreciated. Thanks! Disclaimer: I own like absolutely nothing Pipers's POV: "Hey have you seen Leo?" I asked Jason popping my head into his cabin. "No and I really need to find him, my swords all bent," he answered with an annoyed face. "Yeah I can't find him any where," I said frowning. "Can you help me look?" Jason nodded and got up from his bed. "Yeah, sure." He walked over to me and gave me a kiss before grabbing my hand and heading off. The first place we checked was his cabin. I nocked on the door before warily entering. It was the Hephaestus cabin after all, you never know what they might have tricked up at the door, they where almost as bad as the Hermes and Ares cabin. I walked in and saw Nysa grabbing some tools from her bed. "Hey Nysa," I said smiling at her. She looked back at me, surprised to see me. "Oh, hey Piper, what's up?" She asked with slight concern on her face. "Nothing, just wondering if you've seen Leo." Nysa thought for a second before shaking her head. "No, I haven't seen him in a coupe days. I figured he was in Bunker 9 working on some project. Why? Do you need something done?" "Actually, I need my sword fixed," Jason butted in. I nudged him in the side. Now was not the time, we were trying to find Leo. Nysa shrugged. "I can do that for you if you want." "Yeah, that'd be great. I'll just go get it now-" "Jason," I cut off sternly looking at him. "Sorry," Jason mumbled. I looked back at Nysa with a polite smile. "No I don't need anything done, I was just looking for him. I was going to ask him a question but now I don't even remember what it was I'm just concerned with finding him." Nysa nodded in understanding. "Well, I was just now on my way to go to the Bunker to work on some stuff so you're welcomed to come with me to see if he's there. And Jason, bring your sword, I'll fix it up for you." We nodded and quickly stopped by Jason's cabin to grab his sword before heading off into the woods. "Oh yeah, you did mess this up pretty bad. Gods, how'd you do this?" Nysa asked Jason examining his sword. Jason blushed a little and fixed his glasses looking slightly embarrassed. "I was practicing with Percy," he mumbled. Nysa laughed a little. "Looks like he got the best of you," she teased with a smile. I laughed a little and gave Jason a peck on the cheek for encouragement. "Don't worry you're still a great fighter." Jason seemed a little more at ease with those words but he was still slightly flushed. We reached the Bunker and walked inside to see a couple of Hephaestus children working on some machines. "You guys are welcomed to look around, I'm going to go fix Jason's sword," Nysa said before walking away to the other side of the Bunker. We nodded and began to slowly weave our way through the crowded mess. We tried our best to look around for him but it was nearly impossible without stepping on a nail or nocking something over. I decided it would be easier to just ask someone so we walked up to a boy of about 17 hammering a piece of scrap metal. "Um, hi, excuse me?" I said trying to grab the boys attention but it was hard to hear anything over the noise. "Excuse me," I said again a little louder but he still didn't hear me. "Stop!" I shouted getting annoyed. The boy froze in place and a couple people around me stopped what they were doing too. "Can I ask you a quick question please?" I asked the boy. He slowly looked up at means put his hammer down. "Yeah, sure," he agreed a little concerned. "Is Leo here?" I asked him. He looked around the room a little before shaking his head and answering. "Nope, doesn't look like it." "Well, have you seen him recently?" I asked him. "Can't say I have." "Do you know where he is?" The boy shook his head. "Nope, sorry." "Do you know anything? " I asked getting very annoyed. "Piper," Jason said trying to warn me to calm down. "Uhh, I know you're kinda freaking me out right now. Why don't you go ask couple other people, I'm sure someone's seen him recently," The boy said before going back to hammering his sheet quite violently. I sighed and moved on to the next person. It was a girl about 14, I've talked to her a couple times before but nothing major, just enough to know her name. "Hey, Jess, have you seen Leo recently?" Jess looked up at me and shook her head. "No, sorry." "When was the last time you saw him?" I questioned her. She thought for a minute before answering. "A little over a week ago maybe? I don't know, I don't talk to him that much." "Okay, thank you," I said and moved on to another girl of about 15 with curly hair named Sarah. "Hey, Sarah, have you seen Leo?" "No," she answered without looking up from her project. She seemed to be attaching some kind of device to a sword. "When was the last time you saw him?" "Dunno," she answered dryly still not looking up. "Do you know if anybody has seen him recently?" I asked her trying to get more information out of her. She sighed while trying to screw something on, her concentration unwavering. "Look, I don't mean to be rude but I'm kind of busy right now." I nodded. "Sorry," I said walking away onto the next person. The next person said the same thing- haven't seen him in a while. Then we asked someone else- same answer. We went on and asked the last couple people in the bunker and none of them could give me a specific date of the last time they saw Leo. I was getting annoyed but I guess in all fairness I couldn't give a specific day either. We were about to walk out the door and search somewhere else when Harley came running into the Bunker. "Whoa there," Jason said just barely avoiding the little boy from running into him. "Sorry!" Harley shouted running on. "Harley, wait! Can you come here a second, please?" I yelled after him. He stopped and turned towards me. "Sure," he said with his cute toothless, eight year old smile. "Have you seen Leo?" I asked him as he walked closer to me. He shook his head. "When was the last time you saw him?" "I saw him on Thursday get out of his bed late at night. I thought he was coming to here but I didn't see him the next day when I came in. I thought he was just busy doing something and I was just missing him. He's always very busy," he said nodding. I swallowed before going on. Something felt very wrong. "Harley," I said carefully, "What was he wearing when he left the cabin?" Harley squinted as he remembered. "Just normal clothes." "And was he holding anything special? Like a machine or item?" I asked him trying to keep my voice calm but I was starting to get very worried. "No," Harley said shaking his head. "He was just wearing normal clothes and a backpack." "Wait- a backpack?" I asked quickly. He hadn't said anything about a backpack before. Harley nodded. "Yeah he had his tool belt and a backpack on." My heart sunk. I stood up straight and gripped Jason's wrist. "We need to go. Now ." Jason looked at me with alarm trying to figure out what I was thinking. "What why-" "Just trust me," I said giving him a hard look. Jason nodded. "W-what's wrong? Is Leo okay?" Harley asked, tears brimming in his eyes. "Yes, Leo's fine," I lied not wanting to scare the little boy. "Thank you for your help, Harley." I said giving him a tight hug. I pulled away and started walking towards the door. "Find Leo please," Harley said standing there playing with the end of his shirt nervously. I gave him a confident smile. "Don't worry, we will, it'll be okay," I said and then walked out of the Bunker. As soon as the door closed I almost started crying. "Pipes, are you okay? Why are you so upset?" Jason asked trying to give me a hug but I was too busy pacing back and forth and running my hands through my hair in frustration. "Because, Jason, how could we let this happen?" "Let what happen?" "Leo, he's- he's gone." Jason stared at me perplexed. "What do you mean he's gone? How do you know?" "Because Harley said he saw him leaving the cabin late at night dressed in normal clothes with a backpack on! Do you not remember? We caught Leo trying to leave one night at Fort Wilderness and he was dressed exactly like that. With a book bag on and everything. Oh my Gods, how could we do this? How could we let this happen?" I practically yelled with tears starting to make their way down my face. "We- we need to tell Chiron. We need to go look for him." "Okay we will, you just need to calm down, it'll be fine, we'll find Leo." Jason said trying to calm me down but he looked a little worried himself. We walked back to the main area and Jason had to stop me from running over there. Since I couldn't do that I started mumbling angrily about the whole situation. "Thursday, Jason, Thursday. The last time anyone saw Leo was Thursday night. Do you know what day it is? Tuesday! It's Tuesday! It's been almost a week! Leo was gone for a week and nobody noticed! How could we do this?" Jason ran his hand through his hair nervously and sighed. "I know I feel guilty about it too but right now we just need to worry about finding him." I nodded and heard a horn from the distance, the signal for dinner. I sped up my pace a little and found Chiron standing to the side watching over all the campers. "Chiron?" I asked politely trying to get his attention. Chiron looked over at me with eyes that had lived a thousand lives. "Ah, hello Piper," he said nodding his head a little. "What can I do for you?" "It's Leo. I think he left." I said frantically as Jason finally caught back up to me and stood at my side. "Left?" Chiron puzzled trying to understand what I was saying. "As in left the camp?" "Yes, he ran away. Please, Chiron, we have to find him," I pleaded. Chiron nodded sternly and looked back out at the campers eating and loudly hit his hoof against the floor. Everyone stopped and turned to look up at him in curiosity. "Could I please see the seven in the Big House?" he asked loudly. He then turned around to look back at me and Jason. "Come, we'll talk about this inside." We walked in and sat down around the table, I fidgeting widely and Jason brushing his hand through his hair