Plexiglas A/N : So this has been sitting in my computer collecting dust for a while. Thought it was time to finally publish it. Sometimes I feel bad for writing this, but then again, what is PJO Fanfiction without terrible feels? You Are Worth It "You know the two of us are just young gods And we'll be flying through the streets with the people underneath And they're running, running, running" He's five. He kills the Minotaur, horn clutched in his hand and he stumbles across the barrier. The ends of all his nerves are frayed and throbbing, raw and burning from the loss of his mother. He barely makes out the trace of a house just at the bottom the hill. The pine tree stands tall and unwavering and something tells him he'll be safe if he just makes it past the tree. Mom, mom, mom. He staggers past it. Something warm and comforting settles at the bottom of his stomach, stark from the itchy, scorching feeling raging under the surface of his skin from the sight of his mother disappearing in a blaze of golden light. His knees give out and he's bracing himself for the hard, grassy hilltop, when two warm, soft hands wrap around his shoulders. He blearily tries to keep his eyes open. Blond, windswept hair and electric electric eyes fill his vision. The boy holding him up mumbles, it's him; it's got to be him. He turns back and calls behind his shoulder. Chiron, it's him. The last thing Percy remembers before collapsing into the darkness is the clip-clop of hooves and a suspiciously familiar voice. There were three old ladies sitting in the fruit stall. And they were all knitting. The one in the middle held on to this green thread. The lady to her right held on to a grey one, and the last lady was knitting with blue thread. They were staring at him. When Percy wakes up there's a typical, suntanned, toned body, model-like teenager asleep on a chair next to him, head resting on his arms, which were on the edge of his bed. Percy glances around the room he's in. There are two neat rows of beds facing each other. Over each bed there is a woven tapestry with what Percy recognizes as the doctor's symbol. As far as he can tell, he seems to be in some sort of sickbay sort of place, but without any medicines in sight. The rustling of the sheets wake the boy up. He blearily blinks his eyes once or twice and looks up at Percy. It's the same electric blue eyes. Percy suddenly vividly remembers the same eyes staring at him when he staggered up the hill, it's him, it's got to be him. He shakes his head slightly, trying to shake off that thought. "You're awake!" the boy exclaims, hurriedly sitting up. Percy tries to be inconspicuous as he checked out the boy in front of him. A few years older, stronger, probably smarter, muscled arms shown clearly with his sleeveless orange shirt, with the kind of body girls drooled over- precisely the kind of boy Percy tried to stay away from whenever he was in school; the kind that invariably either punched him in the gut or threw slurs about his dyslexia and ADHD. All in all, the kind of guy Nancy Bobofit would give her stolen wallets to in the weekly meetings of the 'Percy Jackson is a loser' club. Except when he sees Percy awake, a wide grin stretches across his face. Percy watches in fascination as the boy's face sort of lights up with his grin, making him seem ethereal despite the long scar running down his face and his messed up hair. Percy turns slightly red at that assessment. At that sight, the boy's grin, if possible, grew wider. He extends his hand. "Dude, finally. Thought we had to do the whole Sleeping Beauty thing with you." Percy turns bright red. He fumbles slightly and clasps the older boy's hand with his own sweaty ones. The boy laughs. "I'm Luke, Head Counsellor of Cabin 11." "I'm Percy, eh, Jackson," he mumbles, still holding on to his hand. For a few moments there is an awkward silence, but Luke's smile does not waver at all. Percy wonders how long they'll hold hands. It was getting a little weird. Finally, as if on an after-thought, Luke drops his hand. He moves to get up. "I better tell Chiron you're awake." Percy nods, even though he has no idea who Chiron is. "Okay." Luke smiles again, and slowly gets up. He tugs the chair with him, and places it neatly against the wall, beside Percy's bed. When he reaches the end of the room, he turns back and smirks. He calls out, "By the way, you drool when you sleep." With a laugh, he strolls out. Percy swears he's never been so embarrassed before. The lady in the middle lifts up the green thread. He feels this sort of premonitory chill run down his spine; like he's not supposed to be seeing what he's seeing. The second old women hands her the grey thread and she begins to twist them together. After meeting Chiron, Percy feels as if his world has completely collapsed around him. He stumbles out of the Big House and onto the wide porch in front of it. There's a girl sitting on the steps reading a book. When he shuts the door behind him, she turns around. Percy feels his heart lurch to his throat at the sight of her. Stormy grey eyes peer at him; assessing him, stripping him bare. She cocks her head at him and shuts the book. She stands up. "You must be Percy Jackson." Her tone is cool and polite, but something prickles his skin. He nods. "I'm Annabeth," she says. She gestures for him to follow her. "I'll show you around later," she says. "But now, I'll take you to your Cabin." He notices that she doesn't look him in eye. She keeps staring forward, walking at a pace Percy struggles to keep up with after being unconscious for so long. He walks a few feet behind her, staring at the swishing of her blond hair tied in a high pony-tail. He guesses she's around his age, maybe a few months older. She's taller by a few centimetres, which makes him feel irrationally upset. She talks about Camp Half-Blood as they walk, pointing out the Mess Hall and the Amphitheatre, and other buildings scattered around the green valley. She speaks in great length about each place, but there's a slight tone of unattachment, which Percy finds odd. She still doesn't look him in the eye. They reach a rickety, old Cabin with peeling blue walls. Annabeth knocks precisely three times on the door. Percy can hear people talking loudly behind it, as well as some clash of metal and shouts and hoots. There's a distinct crash of something heavy and the door opens. Luke grins at Annabeth, panting slightly, holding a long bronze sword in his hand. His grin widens when he catches sight of Percy. "Hey! Dropping off the new camper?" Annabeth nods curtly, but smiles, stepping aside. Her eyes soften slightly when she's looking at Luke; steely grey melting to a sort of cloudish grey. She rolls her eyes. Gesturing to the sword: "Please don't kill him before he's even settled in." Luke laughs. "Nah, we'll wait for him to be claimed. If he's Ares' spawn, we'll thrash him." Annabeth's smile tightens slightly. She turns to Percy. "You've met Luke, right? He'll be your head counsellor until you get claimed." She mutters under her breath as Percy walks past her. "If you get claimed that is." He's pretty sure he wasn't meant to hear that. . Annabeth's sword clangs loudly when it hits the ground. Percy doesn't know what changed after pouring water over his head, but he suddenly feels more energized, stronger. The campers around them fall silent in surprise. Honestly, Percy's pretty shocked too. He was getting beaten to pulp by Annabeth, barely landing a strike on any part of her body. Then suddenly her words describing the sword movement rang clear in his head, in her same cool voice. He does it. Annabeth's staring at him with a strange look on her face. He shuffles slightly, the manic energy that possessed him gone. "Show me again," she commands. The rest of the Athena campers shuffle slightly. Percy shakes his head. "I don't think I can," he confesses. "I don't know how that happened." Annabeth retrieves her sword and holds it up. "Again," she repeats. His sword clangs to the floor the minute Annabeth strikes it. . Luke's staring at him. Percy is drenched from the water in the stream and blood from the gash on his chest where the hellhound attacked. He could feel the wound close up though, healing slowly. Clarisse's sword has fallen on the ground and she's staring at him too. The flag is clutched limply in Annabeth's hands, her moment of glory gone. All around him the campers were in various stages of shock and surprise and they were all staring at him. Percy turns to Luke pleadingly. "I don't understand…." His face has a grim expression. He points above Percy's head. He looks up. A green trident floats above it. Chiron clears his throat and announces. "It's been determined." Percy catches Annabeth's stormy grey eyes and his stomach lurches. He barely hears Chiron's next words. He feels Luke sidle up next to him. He hears the campers whisper and murmur. The trident still glows brightly above his head and Annabeth's eyes were piercing him. He is Perseus Jackson, son of Poseidon, the Sea God. He notices that there's something wrong with the grey thread. It's slowly turning black. He feels his mind fill with panic and horror. He shudders and almost cries out. Something slowly shrivels and dies inside him. Chiron looks at him gravely. "You will need to go on a quest." Percy tries to protest, "I didn't even do anything!" Chiron smiles sadly, "If only the gods cared about that." . Luke's grin fades when he sees Percy face. The prophecy left him feeling almost ill. "That bad?" he asks sympathetically. Percy swallows and nods weakly. You shall be betrayed by one who calls you a friend. And you shall fail to save what matters most, in the end. "Will you come with me on the quest?" Luke nods. "Obviously." No no no. Annabeth sees them off as they leave- three of them, Grover, Luke, and him. She twists her invisibility cap in her hands for a while, and then hands it to a nonplussed Percy. "It'll help you," she tells him. "And as your friend, I insist you make it back safely." Something at the base of his stomach loosens slightly from its wrapped up coil. Friend. That sounds right. That sounds good. He smiles brighter than he should. "Don't you worry about it." The third lady extends the blue thread. The middle lady drops the now, midnight black thread to the ground and takes it. Percy pants loudly, clutching the sword tightly in his hands. Ares is stunned. The police sirens blaze all around him, but Percy can barely make out a word of what they are screaming. Luke and Grover run toward him, barefoot, nearly tripping in their haste. Luke wraps his arms around Percy in a tight hug, nearly breaking his ribs. Percy collapses into him, exhausted. Luke's body is warm and surprisingly soft, despite his muscles. His arms hold him up, and Percy breaths deeply into his shoulder. Grover thumps his back. "Are you okay?" Luke asks him, letting go. Percy nods. "I think so." He can't believe he's just defeated a god. The middle lady takes the blue thread, holds it up, and then slowly begins to wind it around