Sinking Ships (anchor me down) " in the best way you'll be the death of me" Three Months Annabeth stopped and stared. Her watch read: Three months, three days, eleven hours, and forty three minutes. Around her the busy pedestrians of New York City walked about, each with their own places to go and things to do. Annabeth had her own architecture meeting to attend, but now, obviously, her mind was far away from buildings and the colour of walls. She fumbled through her bag for her phone. Thalia picked up after a few minutes of her impatiently tapping her foot on the pathway, ignoring the annoyed stares of all the people who walked past her. "Hello," Thalia's cool voice answered. Annabeth could hear the sound of pounding music behind her. Great, Thalia was having band practice. "Thals, Thals, " she said excitedly. "Three months!" She could practically see Thalia rolling her eyes, so she quickly elaborated. "Three months till I meet him. Thals, the timer's going to go off in three months. " Thalia's voice immediately perked up. "Three months? How ? It was two years yesterday." Annabeth could hear her walking quickly out of the studio. The background became quiet, and she heard her adjusting the phone. "I don't know," Annabeth said. "Maybe he's closer now." "Or she," Thalia corrected. "Never make assumptions, babe. Remember Luke-" "Or she," Annabeth said hurriedly, not wanting Thalia to go into one of her rants. "Maybe they're closer now." Thalia made a sound of approval at her choice of pronoun. Annabeth rolled her eyes, and tugged her back-pack higher on her shoulder. Now that she actually told somebody she could get a hold of herself and act less like a love-crazy teenager. Thalia hummed in agreement. "Keep me posted okay? I want to be there when your Timer hits zero." Annabeth laughed. "Yeah okay, Thals. You can get back to band practice now. You got a show tomorrow, right?" Thalia confirmed it. She then said excitedly. "Maybe you'll meet them at the show. It's pretty big; they've got to be there. I mean which soul-mate doesn't have the same music tastes as you?" Annabeth didn't really like heavy metal or punk, but there was no way she was telling Thalia that. "Yeah," she replied, laughing. "Maybe." . When Percy landed in New York, he immediately looked down at his watch. The numbers had always been more than two years, sometimes flickering to three or four. Whenever he visited New York, they had always been lower- a couple of months, a year. He remembered there was even a time when it memorably came down to a few minutes just when he was about to board a flight to Los Angeles. And when he sat down in his seat, it flickered to two years, four months and three days. That sucked. This time, he was here to stay. Like it or not, he was going to meet his soul-mate in New York City this trip. He read the numbers and a wide smile spread on his face. Three months. One month Luke sidled up to her bench, holding a cup of coffee out to her. "Thanks," she said gratefully, taking a deep sip, relishing its sweet yet bitter taste. Luke grinned at her expression of pure bliss. "Like it?" he asked teasingly, sitting down on one of the chairs near her desk. Annabeth sighed. "Have I ever told you how much I love you?" Luke laughed and picked up one of her plans. "Not nearly as often as I would like," he said, carefully unrolling it. The blue-print of a building Annabeth was designing in San Francisco greeted him. Annabeth took another sip. She really did need the coffee; she had to stay up all night to finish this design in time. She reached out for a file on the other side of the desk, her hand outstretched in front of Luke. He frowned and reached for her wrist. After a moment of staring at her watch, his face lit up with a wide beam. "One month, Annie," he crooned. "How could you not tell me?" Annabeth felt a blush building up. Luke was loud. All around her, her co-workers looked up from their own work to look at her. Some of them looked happy for her, others envious- Annabeth knew some of them had years and years left. Clarisse, for example, had thirty years flashing up at her. Annabeth guessed that that might was the reason she was always so pissed off. "Oh shut up, Luke," she mumbled, fighting the blush. Luke smiled teasingly at her. "Aww, look at you, all growing up, about to fall in love." Annabeth pushed him out of the movable chair. Luke wobbled and fell to the floor in an ungraceful heap. "Ow, Annie. Mean, I tell you, mean," he complained. Annabeth laughed and took another sip of her coffee. "Oh hush, you deserved it." He shrugged. "Okay, yeah maybe," he said sheepishly. Annabeth looked back down at her plans, impatiently pushing back errant strands of her hair behind her ear. Luke got back up and brushed off non-existent dust from his pants. He grinned at her. "Are you nervous?" he asked Annabeth stared resolutely at her papers. "It's not a big deal," she insisted. Luke rolled his eyes. "Of course it is. You're meeting your soul-mate. " Annabeth shrugged. "For all you know, it could just be a false alarm again. I mean, it's happened before." Immediately she froze and Luke coughed awkwardly. Oh god, why did she have to bring that up? "I should- I should get back to this," she babbled, gesturing to her work. Luke nodded. "Yeah, I guess I should get back too." They both looked at each other awkwardly. Luke rubbed the back of his neck. He gestured to his desk. "I'll catch you later." Annabeth nodded. As Luke left her cubical, he turned back and said as an after-thought. "I'm happy for you, Annabeth. I really am." After he left, Annabeth groaned and buried her head in her hands. She just had to go and say that, didn't she? She remembered it as if it was yesterday. She had to catch a last minute emergency flight to San Francisco. She spent the entire cab ride to the airport desperately making calls and hoping she packed enough underwear. When she made it to the boarding gate, she stopped to check the time. When she glanced at her watch out of habit, she nearly dropped her phone on the ground. Five minutes. She looked around rapidly, looking for someone staring at their watch at crazily as she was. She looked at it again; there it was blinking rapidly at her: five minutes. She turned around in a circle, carefully taking in all the passengers around her. Vaguely she heard the announcement that it was the final boarding call for a flight to Los Angeles. And then she saw Luke. He had bright blonde hair and tanned, golden-brown skin. He was wearing a neatly ironed, semi-formal shirt and a pair of khaki shorts, and staring at his watch with an equally freaked out expression. Annabeth gulped and took in a deep breath. He didn't look too bad, maybe not the kind of boy she was usually interested in, but you couldn't really argue with fate, right? She slowly began walking up to him. She didn't check her watch. The announcement was made again. When she was in speaking distance to him, she heard a loud beep. Everyone around them froze. The beep of a Timer. The beep signifying that the clock had come to a still- 0:0:0:0. The beep telling everyone in the world that you had found your soul-mate, your lover, your life-partner. Annabeth could not peel her eyes away from his face. He was looking down at his own Timer, and then he looked up. He looked past her as if she didn't exist. She frowned and turned around too. Another boy with a large eye-patch was looking at him, with the same spell-bound look on his face. Annabeth looked down at her own watch. Two years, four months and three days. Oh. . The thing about Timers was that they weren't really all that reliable. Well, they did find you your soul-mate, your other-half, the only person you would love and all that jazz, but they didn't tell you exactly when. They were too unpredictable, jumping from a few seconds to a few years. It was a game of chance really: a single missed bus, one moment paused to tie your shoelace, stopping to pet a dog and bam! Your soul-mate was gone. The numbers didn't give you the exact time when you would meet them, but more like, how much time it would take to possibly meet them. That is, eliminating all other factors but sheer luck and probability, the time it would take you to find them. If you had years and years flashing up at you, it most probably meant you and your soul-mate lived far away from each other. Three months meant that you were much closer to each other and three months was the maximum time it would take to bump into each other or something. The closer you moved to each other, the closer your activities and schedules matched, the higher the possibilities of meeting, and hence, lower the number. Percy knew people who had spent their entire lives searching for their soul-mates. There were actual programs for that: Travel the world to find your lost love. Percy really hoped he would never have to do that. He knew he had it good. When he got his Timer chip implanted in his brain when he hit puberty (the legal age to get it) it had showed ten odd years, which was really lucky, because his best friend's showed forty. Imagine having to wait forty years to meet your soul-mate. Percy shuddered at the thought. But even that was better than being born with a blank Timer. That only happened when either your soul-mate wasn't born yet or hadn't got one. And then there was the worst: your Timer suddenly going blank. That meant only one possible thing- your soul-mate was dead. Percy hadn't personally met anyone with a blank Timer, and even if he did, he could never ask them. Most people with blank Timers usually went batshit crazy or became depressed, or got them removed surgically, and spent the rest of their days single, cold, and sad. Percy knew only one person who publicly went around without a Timer, and that was his Latin Professor back in school. Mr. Chiron. Percy shook his head, and looked down at his own watch. One month. New York City was as bright, electric and all-encompassing as it had always been. He ran a hand through his wet hair and grinned up at the sky. All around him, skyscrapers soared, almost as if they were rearing to touch the sky. The noise was so loud and everywhere which made Percy feel like he was high on adrenaline. God, he loved this city. He was walking towards Central Park, just back from a swim. He wasn't here just to find his soul-mate, but also for work. Percy was a professional swimmer, and he was here for the annual New York Swimming Championships. He came every year, but only for a week at max. He was always needed back in Los Angeles, where he made extra money by holding swimming classes for the rich and spoilt. But this time he was here early, and for the long haul. Three weeks. More than enough time to find him or her, if his Timer was to be trusted. Percy stretched and crossed the road with scores of other passengers. The man beside him was sweating profusely, anxiously looking down at his own watch. Percy glanced at the numbers. Thirty seconds. He smiled.