Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Everything belongs to Stephanie Meyer. Prolouge: They say not to fight fire with fire. But I choose to be stubborn, and do so. Because those who deserve it, burn. Chapter 1: You know guys, I have a theory . Leah muttered softly. All the boys in the pack shot their heads at her, annoyed. But Leah didn't care. She was dead serious about this one. The whole pack was patrolling, and by the whole pack, literally meant both. They hadn't merged packs yet, but she knew it would be soon. And when it did happen, Leah would cause Hell. You know how I'm the only girl in Quileute history to be a wolf? they all nodded. And you know, I was always good at science in school. They nodded their heads, slower this time. You guys know about evolution and stuff? Well I think I'm part of a new race. In real wolf packs, there's always an alpha female. Well maybe whoever destined me to be a wolf, unless I really am a genetic mix up, and a dude inside a girl's body, had a reason. Maybe after me, there might be an alpha female in every pack. I'm pretty sure I can't still have kids still, but maybe the females are supposed to be the leaders, and the guys the warriors, since there are more of you than me. Maybe there's a reason that we need to be a stronger pack, and having me in it is the key. You know, with Jacob imprinted on a different species in all no offence, we may need more protection. And then you know how you guys imprint? And how it makes stronger wolves? Well maybe the females are already strong enough, so they don't need it. I have more, but I'm going to stop now 'cause I can see your getting bored. She concluded with a small wolf smile. The wolves had blank looks on their faces. You really are a selfish bitch you know that? Only thinking about you. Paul thought. Instead of snapping at him like he anticipated (and wanted), Leah just blinked at him. It's just a theory you know. I never said it was so absolutely true. Don't think on it too much. It was hard to believe when I thought about it too. She thought, completely calm. She always wanted to be biologists, and everyone had their theories knocked down once in a while right? "Where did that even come from?" Sam thought curiously. Leah frowned as much as a wolf could. "I was watching the Discovery Channel about wolves, and then the wolves were mating or something. Then Carlisle said something about going to the hospital, and then Edward said studying, and then Renesmee said evolution was really cool cause some really weird monkey thing called Australopithecus was on TV-" "Okay we get it. How do you know all this stuff?" Jared thought. Leah wolfy shrugged. "I love biology. The big words make me feel smart." She chuckled. So did everyone else. Seth paused. So did everyone else, except Leah. "Bye Leah! You're on patrol!" they all thought at the same time before phasing out. She barely had time to say okay. Leah continued patrol, wondering why everyone phased out so fast. And why did she have to patrol anyway? Leah was on patrol for almost 8 hours. She was exausted. Usually there were two people on patraol, so she had to run one way, then turn abruplty another route a few times. It was dark out too, which made things more difficult. Dizzying too. She was tired too. Soon she was tripping over her own feet and falling too. Hours later (which meant it was almost 7 in the morning) Embry phased in, his thoughts shaking. He tried to hide some thoughts, but Leah got glimspes. Can't believe I agreed to that… What's Leah going to think?... She probably so tired… Using her… If she sees Seth… Leah was getting weird images of the pack at… was that a club? Dancing around and having what seemed like the time of their lives. She got glimpses of shot glasses, weird lights, and girls coming to grope on the wolves. Someone was passed out in a VIP booth, and Paul was the DJ. What was going on? What the hell did he mean using her? Embry? She thought tiredly. Oh… uh… h-hey Leah… I figured you'd l-leave already… he stuttered/thought. Can you even stutter in your thoughts? What are you thinking about? 'Cause I'm pretty sure I just saw Sam doing the Thriller on a dance floor. Nothing. Embry I'm serious. What are you not telling me? He took a shuddering breath from where ever he was. Which looked a lot like the woods in Seattle… Well… the uh the pack has been thinking a bit… and we wanted to go to a party… umm… without you. What does that have to do with me? Sam uh… put you on patrol so you couldn't follow us… and we went to Seattle. Then uh… everybody else said that you wanted to be like a girl again… err… so uh, this was like staying home and protecting the kids… Paul said that… I feel horrible about it Lee I didn't want to. I know your really tired for running 4 patrols last night so- Leah? Leah had abruptly put up her shield so no one could read her thoughts when phased, or when the mind rapper Edward wouldn't read her thoughts during her visits. Alice Cullen taught her. In fact, Leah Rosalie, Alice, and Renesmee (who looked like she was about 17 and was gorgeous) were almost inseparable. Leah and Emmet could be friends without occasionally ripping each other's throats out. Her shield was nowhere near as strong and supernatural as Bella's, but she could make her mind blank from years of practice. Right then, Embry knew she hadn't phased out, but couldn't hear her BEYOND negative thoughts. Fuming, she phased out and stumbled to her Weeping Willow in the center of the woods. She grabbed her fall orange sun dress, slipping on her undergarments and the dress before running towards the Cullen Mansion human. Even after almost 10 hours (before the boys phased out, they had been running for four hours.) she could still run with the speed of a medium fast vampire. When she'd race Edward, he would only win by 2 minutes. It was incredible, the feeling of jumping above fallen branches like hurdles, and dodging trees. It was like her High School track team. When she arrived, she tripped and stumbled towards the living room. Sitting on the floor were Emmet and Jasper playing Halo, Rosalie and Alice lounging on the couch shopping online with a laptop, Renesmee was in the kitchen with Esme, Bella was with Edward on the piano. Carlisle, Leah could hear, was in his study reading. She let the turning pages of the book calm her down. Emmet shifted his head towards her. "Hey she wolf!" he roared. Leah laughed and rolled her eyes. "Hey Rose, can I take a shower? I'm not going home anytime soon." she muttered with disgust. "Leah? What did the pack make you do?" Edward yelped. Leah wide eyed, shot her eyes towards Edward. "Mind rapper, this is not the time. I need a shower, and I'm tired. Patrolling for almost… well all night and morning can do that to you… and I-" her breathing hitched. As she spoke, her eyes were lulling closed. The floor got closer and closer, and everything went black. When she woke up, she was in the guest room. The comfortable sea foam green comforter was soft, and the pillows made her feel as if she was on a cloud. She sat up, and noticed a note, a glass of water a Tylenol on the bedside table. She picked up the note. She glanced over it. The handwriting was a bit swirly, and it reminded her of a font on a computer. She began to read. 'Considering you have a killer headache from hitting your head on the floor, here's some 's some clothes in the guest bathroom that Esme got you. When you wake up, your telling me what happened bitch.' Rosalie Leah laughed softly. It was just like her best friend to be kind and polite, but to be an Ice Queen at the same time. She looked out the window and saw that it was nearly dark out. She took the Tylenol and shuffled towards the bathroom. She nearly moaned in appreciation. The floor was a white tile, with light blue walls. The bath tub was a cream color, and it had jets on the side. She made sure to remember to turn those on later. There were cabinets above the sink, which was also a cream color. Sitting on top of the side of the sink were faded blue jeans and a gray t-shirt. Next to them were peach undergarments. She laughed, before running the bath water. Turning it on its hottest temperature, she ran her hands through her hair. She really needed to wash it. She looked around, before opening the cabinet doors to find green apple scented shampoo, conditioner, and bubbles. She giggled, and poured a bit in the tub. Swirling the water a bit, she stripped and turned off the water. When she got in and was comfortable, she held up breathe and went under. About an hour later, Leah felt as good as new. She had brushed her hair, and pulled it into a sloppy ponytail. Her skin felt extremely soft as she rubbed cocoa butter on it. She looked in the mirror after getting dressed. Her plump lips had a tint of red to the pink. Her "cute button nose" as had Sam called it was surprisingly not flared. Her piercing hazel eyes had a blank look to them, which scarred Leah a bit. Her caramel colored skin looked great for the first time in months. They had that lively glow to them again. Her dark hair was cut in a pixie cut, but it was getting longer. She'd have to ask Alice to cut it later. Half smiling at the mirror, she said, "You're always beautiful." She was just trying to convince herself. She'd done that a lot lately. As she walked down the hall, she gazed at the pictures of Carlisle with the Volturi. Cocking her head to the side, she watched all their faces. She glanced at a new painting. There was the gaurd in the background, with two little midgest that made her laugh. But what really caught her attention was a man hidden in the shadows. His hair was a bit shaggy, and his eyes were bright red, but overall, attractive. She whistled in appreciation. She could've sworn that painting winked at her. She jumped when a cold hand wrapped around her upper arm and tugged. She gasped when she found herself in Rosalie and Emmet's room. She knew better than to look around, because it always brought a red tint to her cheeks. In the room were Nessie, Alice and Rosalie. They had a look on their faces that screamed "spill." "What did the pack of mutts make you do? And don't sugar coat it." Rose snapped quickly when she realized Leah wasn't spilling her guts like she expected her too. Leah rolled her eyes and sighed. "The pack… besides me went clubbing. When they went out last night, they put me on patrol all night. While they were having a good time, and put me on patrol so I couldn't follow them. It's nothing; they just wanted to get away from me." She explained in a calm voice. "And what did Seth say about it? Jacob?" Nessie asked. "They agreed to the whole damn thing." Leah growled. She never thought about it like that… Now she's pissed. "JACOB