Hello my lovelies! Since the last one-shot story got so much love I decided to do another one. This one was inspired by Ariana Grande~ Into You. Really it was the music video more than the song itself. I hope you all enjoy it! Enjoy! "Isabella! Look over here" "Looking beautiful Isabella!" "Isabella! Isabella let me get a shot!" "Isabella, who's dress are you wearing tonight?" She was stunning. Her long chocolate hair was placed into a messy side bun with a few loose hairs on each side of her beautiful face. She wore a champagne halter dress with a slit that showed off a porcelain thigh whenever she walked. I swallowed discreetly as I went back to my job. I surveyed as many paparazzi and people on the carpet as I could and noticed a few more celebrities coming. I quickly but quietly walked towards Isabella and gently placed my right hand in the middle of her back. She turned towards me and for a second I was lost within her deep brown eyes. Even through my shades. "We have to get going Isabella." She smiled at me and nodded her head. She turned back towards the paparazzi and waved at them as she walked away. Isabella mingled with some celebrities and even took a few selfies before she made her way near the center stage. I stood in the back as he music award ceremony took place. My name is Edward Cullen. When I was a quiet, jersey boy who always envisioned myself becoming part of the FBI. However, life didn't turn out that way. When I was college studying law I was at a club when the manager saw my strong size and offered me a job as a bouncer. I didn't have rich parents and I was barely making a living working in a coffee shop while attending college so I took the job. I made pretty good money and got other offers as well. Then one day, a pretty famous Latin celebrity named Calixta came in and I protected her from some drunk trying to grab her ass. She was impressed by my speed and hired me after numerous background checks and signing confidentiality papers. That was the first time I got a taste of Los Angeles and the celebrity life. Traveling the world and seeing places I've never even heard of. Trips to fancy restaurants with food that even my own mom couldn't beat. And a paycheck that made me never afraid of my bills getting shut off. But like every thing in life, with the good also comes the bad. The paparazzi at every corner. The pressure to be thin, young, and beautiful all the time. The drugs and drinking. It was all too much. I saw how it destroyed Calixta's life. On the outside she seemed happy and energetic but in her private life she was always working out, trying to loose five pounds every week although she was 115 pounds and the partying. On a few occasions while she was high on cocaine she even tried to sleep with me. Although Calixta was a beautiful I couldn't take advantage of her like that. After only eight months working with her I had to hand in my resignation. Calixta was upset but she completely understood my predicament. she apologized for her behavior and begged me to let her find a new job for me.I allowed her and she found me a new job with a another artist. I went to the meeting and met with her manager Rosalie because she was currently at a photo shoot for her new album. I didn't hear back from them and thought maybe I didn't get the job. I was in the midst of deciding if i should go back home to Jersey or not when I got a phone call. I had the job. A week later I had finally met her. I still remember the day too. I went to another photo shoot for one of her music videos and I went to the backroom where she was getting her make-up done. I knocked on the door when I heard a soft voice telling me to come in. When I walked in I was left speechless. She had big brown eyes that had so much soul in them. A small button nose that women only dreamed of. A heart-shaped face and full bright pink lips. She was wearing a robe and her long, brown hair was blown out with big curls. She did have make-up on but it look more natural than clownish. She introduced herself and stuck out a hand to shake mine. When our hands first made contact an electric shock flowed between us. I tried to hide the look on my face but I'm afraid I failed. She just laugh and said that we'd probably have a good connection. That was a year ago. And It has been bliss. Isabella was an upcoming singer and she already had three #1 hits for the year. She was also an activist against bullying. She never really liked to party but worked hard on her music. She was a bit of a workaholic but that made her endearing. Whenever she wasn't in public she preferred to stay home and be herself. Which was usually wearing jeans and no make-up. She was very respectful of me and sometimes we even joked together. She gave a decent paycheck. I did live in my own apartment in LA but I had to move into the house recently because she had a few stalkers and it helped her sleep easier at night knowing her personal bodyguard lived with her. I thought that would make my life miserable but it didn't. Since working with Isabella, I have seen the real her. Not the one in the magazines, TV, or music videos. I've seen her get frustrated when a song didn't sound right. Happy when her best friend and personal shopper got engaged. Sad when her pet dog of ten years tragically died of cancer. And peaceful when she was by herself when all was quiet and she was alone for a minute. I had learned so much about her and I wanted to know so much more. But I had to be mindful of my contract. Don't get personal and only speak when spoken to. Many hours later the ceremony was over and I escorted Isabella to the after party. It was loud and many celebrities were there. Isabella smiled and talked with a lot of them. After a couple hours she signaled me to get the car and we were on our way towards her house. I drove the car as she sat in the back. She stared out the window as I kept my eyes on the road. I cleared my throat a bit s I glanced back at her through the rear-view mirror. "Did you enjoy yourself, Isabella?" She rolled her eyes but still stared at the window. "As much fun as I do at every event." "I'm sure next time will be better." "Possibly." It was quiet the rest of the ride. Forty-five minutes later I pulled up to her house and opened the door for her. She thanked me quietly and went inside the house. She was probably going to get ready for bed so I did the usual routine. I parked the car in her garage and walked around the premises just to make sure there were no holes for crazed fans to crawl through. After deeming the property safe for Isabella I went back inside to her security room and spoke with Jacob, the other body guard about how the night went. Jake and I grew really close since I started working here and have become friends. He has been Isabella's personal guard for three years but he couldn't live on the property with her because he had a wife and two children. Isabella was very flexible and hired me so Jacob could spend more time with his family. "How was it tonight?" I asked as I loosened my tie. "Eh very quiet. No crazies coming around anymore." Jacob said as he rubbed his hand over his face and then looked at his watch. I could see purple bags under his eyes. "Hey head home." I said as I patted his back. "I got this." "Thanks." He said as he smiled and stood up. He grabbed his sweater from the chair and walked out. He and his wife just had a baby boy and I'm pretty sure he was tired. I watched the monitors for a bit but felt as if nothing serious would happen tonight. I looked at the clock in the corner of the monitor and saw that it was 1:35 a.m. I figured it was time for me to sleep. Tomorrow was Sunday and it was my day off. I turned off the light but left the monitors on as I left the room to prepare for bed. Isabella's house was pretty decent. Three bedrooms and two bathrooms. The master bedroom was of course her bedroom. One room was turned into an office and the last bedroom she turned into a guest room whenever her parents or friends stayed in town. For now I was currently living there til my overnight services were no longer required. She had a large kitchen that she chose to cook in herself. Her basement was extremely large and she turned it into a studio so she could create more music. She actually bought the house from a singer so she didn't have to do much. I was walking through the hallway on my way to the guest room when a small light caught my eye. I followed the light and it lead me to the massive kitchen. The small light above the stove was on and a person with a their brown hair tied up and wearing a white robe was standing under it with their back to me. I could tell who it was and didn't know if I was intruding on a private moment. But the way her shoulders were hunched over and the way she hung her head made my decision for me. "Hey." I said lamely. she jerked her head up and looked at me. She smiled softly at me as she wiped so hair away from her eyes and turned towards me fully. For a second my thoughts froze as I realized the littlest things she does always make me admire her more. "I was just about to head off to bed when I saw you here. Wanted to make sure everything was okay. Its my day off tomorrow so just wanted to make sure you are fine." I was hoping she would understand my double meaning. She sighed and looked straight into my eyes. "Yes I'm fine. I forgot it was Sunday already. I've been working so much the days just blur together." She chuckled softly but it was empty. Even her eyes which are usually lively and full of energy were somewhat drained and tired. I could feel my arms itching to just hug her and let her know she could confide in me but I fought against it not wanting to overstep my boundaries. "You know," her voice catching my attention, "I think tomorrow I have nothing to do." "You have a day off?" I was shocked. Last time Bella had a day off from her obligations was over a month ago. Her schedule is so busy I'm surprised she has time to sleep and eat. "Yeah. I'm just as shocked as you are." "Do you have any plans?" I asked genuinely curious. She thought about it for a couple seconds and then shook her head. My heart dropped a bit for her. "I guess I'll just spend some time in my studio or something. I'm pretty sure Rose will have something for me or