Title: The Brief History of Us Author: Girl Who Writes Characters: Alice/Jasper Word Count: 6 331 Rating: PG Genre: AU, Angst, Romance Summary: He writes so he will remember her, and he writes so he can save her. That one day, one lifetime, they will be able to spread out their maps together and get themselves lost in the world. Notes: This was my entry for the Straight Thru The Heart Contest 2016, for which I won Honorable Mention, which I am still over the moon about. It's a little odd, but so are most of the things I write. This is something I'd love to one day turn into a much longer fic, but until then, I hope you enjoy it and thank you for reading! Disclaimer: Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyer; I make no profit from this fan-based venture. Fall in love, that is fine, but just make sure you fall deep enough to stay there forever. Ram Mohan He dreams. (He remembers .) So much that everyone keeps telling him he needs medication. A shrink. A vacation . He nods and solemnly agrees with them and then lies about appointments and prescriptions and tropical islands. Enough that eventually they forget, and the bruises under his eyes, the haunted look to his face become as much a part of him as his eyes or his hair. They accept a quiet chuckle in the place of a whoop of laughter, a ghost of a smile instead of a grin. A shadow instead of a person. He writes instead of sleeping. Everything he can recall, every detail, no matter how small so he doesn't forget, he puts to paper. He will never forget. Not this time. Everybody knows of Volterra, the silent city in the mountains of Italy. It houses the new kings of their world, who tore down the Romanians and left their kingdom in ashes. It is a place nobody wants to see with their own eyes. To take a place on the Guard is tantamount to slavery. If you are escorted there, you have committed a grievous crime or are being forced to render a service. Suicide is better than requesting sanctuary from the Three Kings of Volterra. But Maria gave him no choice. Not when the streets of Monterrey were too quiet and slick with blood, the tiny blonde child staring blankly at him, splattered in blood, and another cradled in Nettie's arms. Either he went to Volterra and betrayed Maria in the hopes of sanctuary, or he would be destroyed along with Maria and Nettie when the immortal children were inevitably discovered. Perhaps one day, he would be free to return and raise his own army, run the herd lands how he saw fit. The court of Volterra is disturbingly full, readying for a celebration of some kind when he arrives, and Aro finds it amusing to have him present his evidence in front of everyone. For them all to see what a traitor he is to his maker. To reveal how monstrous the situation in Mexico truly is. To see how truly vital the role of the Volturi is to their world. The decision is simple. Maria, Nettie, and the children will be destroyed by the small retinue that will leave immediately, and he is welcomed to the halls of Volterra, his loyalty to Aro and Volterra loudly and publicly acknowledged. Of course, his loyalty to Maria and her cause had a breaking point. Aro will remember that. What was their crime? To share a love that no one else could profit from. To want a life free of corruption, politics, and power. By the end, he would have attempted to carve her gift from her brain if she had asked him. Just to save her. It begins— this time —in high school, another purgatory for their endless list. (When he finally remembers, if there is any time before he is dead again, he resents every power in the universe for always putting them in the most terrible of places—for the fact that their blood has spilt on every battlefield in the world.) He sees her out of the corner of his eye, and when he turns, he can only stare. She is exquisite, like a china doll with alabaster skin and ruby lips, soft black hair brushing her cheeks in gentle waves. She moves like a ghost through the crowds—untouchable and unacknowledged. He almost slams the locker door on his fingers in his haste to follow her, and he doesn't know why. The Volterra Ball is a hideous experience. It might be called a celebration, but it is not. It is a show of power, proof that the Volterra have crowned themselves kings of the world, and no one is strong enough to pull their thrones down. Not with the weapons they wield, in the forms of vile little Jane and sly Alec. Blood flows freely, laughter loud, and a mess of scents and emotions that feel like they are trying to smother him. He needs to get out. He has spent too long on the open land of Mexico and Texas, not shut inside gilded cages. He doesn't even look to see where he's going, not until he emerges in the cool night air. The balcony overlooks the valley, with a vine of white flowers framing it. And there is a girl there. For a moment, he thinks she is a child, though when she turns to face him, he realizes they are nearly the same age. Black hair is pinned off her face, and her slim body is encased in a loose silk chiton. She is carefully plaiting the flowering vine into a coronet. "Hello," he says, and she inclines her head. "Good evening. Are you enjoying the party?" The white flowers almost glow against her dark hair, her eyes boring into his with something that is almost rage—though none of her emotions register to him. She is a blank slate. "I needed some fresh air." A wicked smile twists her lips. "I'm afraid there's nowhere in this city that you could possibly find such a thing. The air here is always foul." And she stood, sweeping past him, smelling like jasmine and rainwater. He has exactly three classes with her: lit, government, and trig. He sat behind her in two of them and across the classroom in trig. He couldn't tell you a thing about those classes, as his attention was always firmly on her. On the way one lock of her hair twists in the wrong direction, no matter how many times her slim fingers smooth it down. The way she bites her lip when she's thinking. The sketchbook tucked into her textbook, her pencil flying over the page. She moves like a dancer, like she is made of something different than everyone else. She doesn't brush against other students in her haste to leave, her diminutive build allowing her to slip through unnoticed in the cacophony of the halls. He is transfixed. Later, his mother and sister laugh at him, tease him, for talking about her incessantly. He tries to clamp down on the words that burst from his mouth. If he were from another time, he would be off composing poetry about the curl of her hair and the loveliness of her smile. "Do you even know her name?" Rosalie asks, tossing an orange at him that he fumbles with, distracted by her question. Of course he knows her name. It's… It vanishes off the tip of his tongue, and he retreats, leaving his sister rolling her eyes at the mercurial nature of teenage boys and brothers. He meets her again a day later, when Aro deigns to introduce them. He walks into the Receiving Chambers and finds her at Aro's right hand, like a child seeking an audience with her father. "My ward," Aro proudly proclaims her, though he is certain he saw her jaw tighten ever so slightly. Today she is swathed in the black cloak of the Volturi, the hem a sunshine-yellow dress peeking out from beyond the dark velvet. "She has very graciously offered to escort you around the city." "Thank you." He bows to her, and he knows Aro is pleased with his show of deference. Her expression is, again, completely blank. There are more telling emotions carved into the faces of the marble statues dotted through the palace. "It will be no trouble," she says demurely, stepping down from the dais and looping her arm through his, revealing black silk gloves. "I am glad for the company." It takes him three weeks, four days, and four hours to find the courage to approach her in the cafeteria. He opens his mouth. She smiles at him, and he forgets everything he wanted to say. Everything he has ever said. His own name. On a scale of high school embarrassments, it's up there with the time he split his pants during the third grade play. She giggles softly and moves her books, motioning for him to sit down. To join her. He probably sits a little too close and is staring a little too hard, but he remembers his name and what he was going to say. "Hi." She is a wonderful guide and seems to know all the trivia of Volterra and its inhabitants—enough that he seeks her out again and again in order to learn all the secrets that lie behind the stone walls. She leads him through a maze of corridors, of galleries full of lost artwork, and libraries that could rival Alexandria. It's only when they are outside of the castle that she divests herself of her cloak, revealing dresses in a rainbow of colors and the heavy crest of the Volturi hanging from her throat like a noose. "Do you know how I came to Volterra?" she asks him one day, balancing along the edge of a fountain with her pale blue skirts gathered up in one hand and a bunch of flowers in the other. "No, you've never mentioned it," he says, walking beside her, holding her cloak. "A vampire caught me, and then he traded me for his freedom," she announces, nodding once and spinning to face him. "I have no memories of my time before Volterra, only what I have been told. I don't know who changed me, where I came from. Nothing. James just found me and offered me and my gift to Aro for his pardon." Her mouth twists unhappily. "A sacrifice to appease the gods," he murmurs thoughtfully. "I have no memories of ever being outside the gates of Volterra," she says moodily, jumping off the edge of the fountain. "I'm forbidden from even approaching those gates. Too valuable. As if I'm not even a person." Her frustration bubbles over, and he tries to think of some way to cheer her up, but she pulls away to slump on a bench, her thin fingers picking at the beading on her dress. "Can you tell me about it?" she whispers, sounding embarrassed. "About what?" He takes a seat next to her, carefully draping the cloak around her shoulders. "Everything outside of Volterra." She looks back at him, her eyes bright and desperate. "Of course. Where should I start?" he asks, stunned as she curls against his side, her eagerness twisted with weak hope. "Start with your home: Texas." "One day, I'll take you there," he says suddenly. The smile she offers him is sad and bitter, and it only makes him more determined. " I love you. I love you." " I love you so much." "Don't let go. Promise me that you won't ever let go." "I promise, love. I promise. I'll find you in the next life." Until the end of their days together, he will have no idea why she even agreed to go on a date with him. It was impossible that she would say yes, her smile giddy