Chapter One Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games in any way. Idea from eekabeeka :) "My name's Mr. Mellark. I'll be your English teacher for your final year of high school, but don't worry!" Our teacher adds, a gleam in his eyes. "I'll do my best to make sure you manage to pass this class while not dying of boredom." Some kids laugh while others stay silent. I purse my lips, tapping my pencil on my notebook, getting a bit uncomfortable in my hard chair. I hate sitting still. I suppress a groan as I look out of the window that I am seated next to. When I had arrived, this seat was simply beckoning to me - being the only one unoccupied of course. I was so close to the outside... This stupid window was taunting me! I silently vowed to make Gale suffer for making me late to my first class of the year. "Let's get started off by introducing ourselves. After all, you lot are all going to be in this together for quite a while, huh?" I turn my attention back to my classmates. One at a time, they say their names. I can't resist but glance at the clock every few seconds. I chew my lower lip as I tear my eyes away from that ticking clock for about the millionth time, urging myself to calm down. I never did well in school environments. I always felt so out of place. I mean, I was decent at school, but staying in school for a minimum of six hours or something wasn't really high up in my list of favorite things to do. Heck, it wasn't even on the list. I preferred being out in the open outdoors, it wasn't a confined area and I didn't feel so awkward. The school seemed so small and I felt that I was stuck. Outside, it was open and free. I could roam wherever I pleased. "Is there a problem?" Mr. Mellark's low tenor's voice breaks into my thoughts and I glance around wildly, startled. My eyes finally rest on him and I see that he's looking at me, a blond eyebrow raised. I clear my throat sheepishly, trying to ignore the stares of my classmates. I hear some whispering from behind me, but I tuned that out as I answered him. "No, I'm sorry," I apologize, trying not to sweat under all these stares. I hate attention. "I'm Katniss, Katniss Everdeen." Mr. Mellark looks at me, a tiny smile beginning to dance on his lips. "Try not to daydream, Ms. Everdeen, you might get in trouble next time." I nod, taking his words to heart, but knowing that it was futile. I always tended to daydream during class, every year I got in trouble at least ten times for not paying attention. Well, at least ten times a month would be more like it. "So, is it true?" Madge hip bumped me, suddenly materializing at my side as I left the English classroom. "Is what true?" "You know, that Cato and you hooked up yesterday when you both ran into each other at the mall?" I nearly trip over my feet and fall flat on my face. " What ?" My voice is between a shriek and a croak. A very weird combination. Madge sighs. "I'm guessing that's a no," She murmurs, sounding a tad bit dismayed. My face flushed red, I shake my head furiously. "How the heck did that rumor even happen? I don't even talk to Cato." Madge purrs. "Come on, you've got to admit though, that man is addictive eye candy." She pauses then adds slyly, " Very addictive eye candy." I grimace. "I thought you were into Gale." Madge's blue eyes widen and her jaw drops and she walks right into a boy just leaving a classroom. Unfortunately, that boy turned out to be my cousin, Gale - and the two of them landed in a rather compromising position. I try to contain my laughter as I walk away from them, that image imprinting itself in my mind. Oh, Madge Undersee was never going to hear the end of that. Never . "Hey, Katniss. Did you hear that rumor about us?" A deep, low voice whispers in my ear. I tense suddenly, my personal space bubble suddenly being violated. I swallow roughly and force myself to look at the speaker. Even though I knew who it was, I still was a bit startled at seeing him. Cato was standing in front of me, in the flesh. I hardly knew him, sure I saw him in the hallways around school, but I stayed out of his and his buddies' way. His ice blue eyes met my own grey ones and I looked up at him steadily. We were standing in the middle of the sea of students, but none of them seemed to be his friends. "Yes, I did." "I have nothing to do with that," He tells me, dryly. I purse my lips. "I figured you didn't. You wouldn't want to waste your time telling rumors about you and someone like me." Cato snorts. "Yeah, I wouldn't. You're pretty and stuff, but not pretty enough," He adds scathingly. I pay no attention to his harsh words. Why should they bother me? "You know, you shouldn't have bothered to tell me all this. I don't really give a damn to what people are saying about us - and you shouldn't either." Cato glares at me. "I don't. I just wanted to tell you that so you wouldn't go telling people that it actually happened." I roll my eyes and begin walking away, but not before saying, "I wouldn't. Doesn't make sense. Anyways, you're not my type." Cato snatches my arm and twirls me back to him, his blue eyes suddenly going hard. "I'm everyone's type, Everdeen, don't think yourself above me." "You've got a big-ass ego, Cato-cat," I snap, wanting to spit in his face. I yank my arm back to my side. I walk away before Cato could register my words. He stormed towards his friends and the first words he said to them was, "She's not into me. How the hell is she isn't into me?" Marvel, his best friend, blinked and looked at him as if he sprouted two heads. Cato growled and ignored Marvel, he was obviously going to be useless. He looked at his other friends, Clove and Glimmer, hoping that some of them would offer up anything. However, only Glimmer said something. It wasn't the thing he wanted to hear either. She stalked over to him, her long legs distracting him momentarily before she placed her hands on his chest and slid them downwards. "I thought you were only going to tell her that the rumor just came out of nowhere. Did my Cato develop a little crush?" Cato glowered at her darkly and shoved her wandering hands off of him. "I don't have a crush on her. She's a nobody . Its just... How the hell am I not her type? I've never been told that. Never ," He added, his tone dangerous. Clove, his sister, rolled her eyes at him. "Shut up, brother. Like you said, she's a nobody. She's not worth thinking 'bout." "We're talking about Everdeen, right?" Marvel finally said. His best friend nodded, looking at him hopefully. Marvel reached into his pocket and pulled out a lighter and cigarette. The four of them were hanging out at the back of the school. The very back of the school. Camera-and-teacher free. It was their usual hangout place. "Hey, toss me one," Cato ordered. Marvel rolled his eyes and picked out another cigarette. He lit the first one and handed into his friend, who took it happily. Then, Marvel lit his own. "Well, she's sort of hot," Marvel said thoughtfully. "I mean, she was in all my core classes last year, sort of hard to not notice her. She only gets in trouble like... Every few minutes for daydreaming." Cato snorted. "Hot?" He sneered. "Glimmer?" Clove interrupted, throwing a bored glance at her brother. "Want to go look at the new guys? There might be some hotties this year." Cato nearly dropped his cigarrette as he spun to his sister, shocked. "No! I forbid you. No looking at guys." Clove smirked. "Don't tell me what to not and what to do. You're only like... What? One year older than me?" Then, she and Glimmer walked out of their, whispering to each other. "I'm your older brother!" Cato yells as they leave. "So, what you going to do about that chick?" Marvel asked, bringing Cato's attention back to him. Cato shot one last look after Clove before answering his friend. "Well, what do you think? I gotta prove she's wrong. That she is at least a tiny bit into me." He inhaled the smoke, before grinning cockily. Marvel grinned. "I'll be sure to be the one to pick up the pieces then." Cato rolled his eyes. "Yeah, right, dude. I'm just going to get her to kiss me once. Willingly . Its not like she'll be damaged goods afterwards." Marvel licked his lips before inhaling another smoke. "I bet a hundred she won't," He said after a while. Cato smiled. "You've got a bet." Both of them shook hands before resuming to smoke and talk about something else. "Hey, Katniss," Gale said, before seating himself across from me. "Hi, Gale." Madge soon sits down beside me. "Hey, Katniss," She says quietly. There's a warning tone underneath. I get the message. If I speak of that earlier incident, she will personally see to me. "Hey, sorry I didn't help you when you fell on Gale." Gale and Madge look at me, their faces becoming the same shade of pink. I try to hide my smile as I bite into my apple. After lunch, Gale and Madge and I discovered that we all had the pleasure of sharing the next class we had. Which was Drama. I wasn't looking that forward to it. A class where you're bound to get attention. Swell. When we entered, we were introduced with the lovely view of Cato and his gang. Excluding Clove, his sister. Cato met my eyes, a smirk beginning to form on his smug face. His blue eyes glint with an unreadable message. I look away quickly before either of my friends notice. We all seat ourselves next to each other at the back, me in the middle. Cato and his gang plop themselves right in front of us. I resist the urge to slap the back Cato's head, since he decided to give me the lovely view of it. "So, how was your day so far?" Gale asks me. I shrug. "Despite being late, its been absolutely lovely so far." Gale raises an eyebrow. "What happened?" I lick my lips. "Nevermind, it doesn't matter." "Hey, you're Katniss right?" Surprisingly, that voice comes from someone I'd least expect it to. Its Marvel. Cato's eyes widen when he sees that Marvel's talking to me and slaps his arm, but Marvel just shakes his head at him. I nod cautiously. "I am." Marvel grins. "I'm Marvel." "I know. You were in all my core classes last year." Marvel smiles. "I was about to say the same thing." Then, he turns back to face the front and I watch as he nudges Cato and says something to quiet for me to catch. "What was up with that?" Madge whispers. I shrug. "Had a little talk with Cato there, about the rumors," I explain. Then, seeing the expression on Madge's face, I quickly add, "You know they are not true, so don't go on about it." "What rumors?" Gale asks, confused. Madge quickly tells him, and I watch as Gale's expression changes from confused to surprise then anger. The rest of the class has all filed in by the time she finishes.