Conversations MinasTirith, April 2972 T.A. "As you wish, my lord." The man bowed to the Steward, turned on his heel and left. Denethor watched his back for a moment, and then, content the man was out of earshot, he spoke. "Why do you send Thorongil away, my lord? Surely there are other men . . . " Denethor let his voice trail off. Ecthelion raised an eyebrow and gave Denethor a wry half-smile. "Why? Did you wish to go in his stead?" "I cannot say, because I do not know the where or the why of it." Denethor paused, unsure he could press the matter much more without upsetting Ecthelion. "But I am Captain-General, and when you send one of my best soldiers into peril needlessly, I should think you would at least tell me why." Ecthelion steepled his fingers in front of his face, and gave Denethor a long and pointed look. "I see. Do you not think the Steward of Gondor has the right to send a man where he wishes?" "Of course. But . . ." Ecthelion slapped his hand loudly on the table before him. "Then the matter is at an end. I had a task for Thorongil, and I have sent him abroad to do it. The rest is of no matter to you." Denethor bit back the rest of his words, and nodded curtly to Ecthelion. "Very well, my lord. I take your leave." --000-- Denethor had not thought to follow him, at least not at first. But then, when one of his men had alerted him to Thorongil leaving the City, and that at midnight, it had aroused Denethor's curiosity. He had not been able to keep from setting out after him. He was a good soldier and an even better Ranger and he followed Thorongil quite a way without being noticed. In this, Denethor was aided by a dank fog that lay over the City and the Pelennor. So through the back streets of Minas Tirith, and through the small roads that ran near the Pelennor's many farmhouses, he had been able to stalk his prey with fair stealth. But that was four hours ago, and now, as dawn broke, Denethor found himself hiding under one of the arches of the last great bridge over the Anduin, just in the shadow of the garrison at Osgiliath. He was not certain why Thorongil had come to the garrison, but considered the man might be dropping off dispatches from the City. In that case, his presence would be neither unexpected nor especially remarkable. The time of day, though, was odd. There was no reason for Thorongil to have left so early unless he planned on a longer journey. Ah, of course. He is set out on the 'task' appointed to him by the Steward! For not the first time, Denethor was glad his curiosity had defeated his dignity, and allowed him to follow the other man on this mysterious errand. The fog had lifted, but there was a driving rain in its place now, making it difficult to see very far. This was just as well, because Denethor wanted to stay out of the eyesight of the guards posted at the bridge. There was nothing to be gained by having them see their Captain-General skulking around Gondor. He decided to bide his time. Thorongil would have to leave the garrison eventually, and from the direction he took, Denethor would be able to surmise where he was headed. From that, he imagined he could deduce the Steward's plan. As he waited, Denethor took the time to study the bridge. His new vantage point allowed to him examine the structure closely, and Denethor marveled at its construction. Here, near the western end of the bridge, some of the original stonework had survived. In its calculated use for the arch and the intricate decorations on its surface, Denethor could see the touch of Númenor of old. As always, the ancient glory of the Faithful filled him with great awe, but the thought left in its wake a lingering sadness, a lament for all that was lost and could now never be had again. Denethor sighed heavily, and then, putting Númenor out of his mind, continued his vigil. An hour passed, and Denethor heard random sounds from above the bridge, voices and footsteps. From his hiding place, he could not quite make out what was being said, and he certainly could not see who was on the bridge. He was tempted to just walk out into the open and take a good look. But even with the rain, Denethor was not certain he could remain unseen. He had few options and he took the one that came to him immediately. The stone here was old enough that Denethor could spot large crevices in the masonry that could serve as hand- and footholds. Somehow, he managed to clamber into the arch and from there, with great effort, he pulled himself to a position just on the outside of the arch where he was safely outside the sight of the guards on the bridge. Although his position made it impossible to see anything except more of the stone bridge, he could at least hear the voices on the bridge. Presently, the voices resolved themselves into words and Denethor could hear snatches of conversation on the bridge. The sentries posted to the bridge were being changed, and the men exchanged meaningless banter as they made their way off. He had now been hanging on to the stonework for several minutes, and was in severe discomfort. He contemplated letting go and dropping into the river, but just then, he heard the one voice he recognized immediately. Thorongil! "You are provisioned for your journey, Captain?" The soldiers at Osgiliath were always very solicitous of Thorongil, which only served to increase Denethor's irritation with the man. "Indeed I am, Beleg, although perhaps not for the entire journey." Thorongil said something else which Denethor did not catch, but it made the guards on the bridge laugh. They bid the man farewell, and Thorongil was apparently on his way. Satisfied that he now knew where Thorongil was headed, Denethor gently climbed down over the inside of the arch and lowered himself carefully into the river. He made quickly for the river bank, knowing that Thorongil would head back west on his journey. He pulled himself onto the bank and cast a glance at the bridge to see how long he had before the other man would reach the shore. What in Varda's name . . . ? Thorongil was not headed towards Denethor at all. Indeed the man was crossing the bridge in the opposite direction, going east and towards Ithilien. Ithilien? What business did Thorongil have in Ithilien? For that matter, why on Arda would the Steward send him there? Denethor shook his head, pushing the questions aside. Whatever it was Thorongil was up to, there was only one way to find out. --000-- It had taken Denethor almost an hour to cross the river, alternately scaling the bridge supports and swimming under the bridge to avoid being noticed by anyone from the garrison. He had pulled himself, exhausted, onto the eastern bank of the Anduin, only to discover that Thorongil had long since given him the slip. But this did not faze Denethor. He was nothing if not determined, and he was a Ranger. What better task for a Ranger than to track his quarry through the woods? Besides, if Denethor had to be honest, he knew he was too far gone on this journey to turn back now. He had to find and follow Thorongil somehow. The rain had finally stopped falling, and for this, Denethor was glad because it would be impossible to track a man in the rain. Denethor knelt and took a close look at the blades of grass on the river bank. They were depressed just so in a few places, footprints of a man who had walked here recently. He followed the prints in a southeasterly direction until they disappeared into the dark cover of the woods. Here, things became more difficult for Denethor. For one, although it was only midday, the thick foliage of the woods in Ithilien made the woods dark and foreboding. For another, what rain had come through the tree cover had turned the forest floor into mud, and Denethor found his boots squelched noisily as he walked, making silent tracking virtually impossible. Soon, however, he began to see signs that another had passed that way. There were small telltale signs everywhere, snapped twigs, underbrush that had been stepped on by a booted foot, branches where leaves had been stripped off by the careless motion of a man's arm. At first, Denethor was delighted. The ease of tracking Thorongil was the first piece of good fortune he had yet on this adventure. But as he bent down to take a closer look at the print left by the other man's boot, he frowned. Thorongil was not the sort to clatter about in a forest, like an orc let loose in the Archives. The man was perfectly capable of traveling unseen, if he so wished it . So that's the thing. He wants me to find him . Denethor's heart sank at this sudden realization. The thrill of the hunt was dampened by knowing that his prey was expecting him, and Denethor half considered giving it all up and making his way back to Minas Tirith. But he had not come this far to return without at least confronting Thorongil about his mysterious errand. And if Thorongil wanted to be found, that only served to make Denethor's task easier. He started off determinedly in the direction he thought Thorongil had gone, and an hour or two later, his efforts were rewarded. In the distance, Denethor could see the embers glowing in the bowl of Thorongil's pipe. Denethor could just make out the shape of Thorongil leaning against a tree, and he knew his quest would soon be at an end. Abandoning his usual caution, Denethor rushed forward, meaning to accost Thorongil quickly. But the rain and the mud on the forest floor made him misjudge his footing. He slipped, and in trying to right himself, his boot became caught under a fallen tree branch, and he fell hard. The last thing Denethor remembered was the ground rushing up to meet his face, and then, only darkness. --000-- Denethor . . . Denethor! The voice was coming from very far away, and he could barely hear it. But he could recognize the voice instantly. He knew it was his mother, calling him inside before the weather turned. Only it was not his mother's voice at all, but the voice of some strange man, insistent and edged with fear. "Denethor, wake up." Denethor opened his eyes slowly, one eye at a time. Fortunately, dusk had fallen and the dim light that filtered down to where he sat, on the forest floor, did not smart as he had expected. Blurry shapes gave way to clear form. His head throbbed, and he could feel a stinging sensation in his leg. "What . . ." He had not quite finished the thought when the other man began to speak. "You fell. Tripped over a tree branch actually." Thorongil smiled genially at Denethor, but this only annoyed him. It was bad enough that he, once a Ranger, had taken a bad fall in the forest, but the indignity of this was greatly increased by Thorongil witnessing it . . . and then rescuing him. Denethor sighed heavily. "You were in rather a big hurry, Denethor. I would have thought you were chasing after a pretty lady." Thorongil's smile turned to a smirk. Denethor fixed Thorongil with a stern gaze. "You give yourself far too much credit, Thorongil. You would hardly fit my vision of pretty . . . even if you