July 20 th , 1943 He's with us in this, Will hears the words of his commanding officer in his head, you have to treat him like he's one of our boys. Will finds it hard to concentrate as dozens of brown eyes on brown faces, covered with brown hair turn to look at him as he enters the tent. Sicily is full of olive skinned, beautiful people. The shades of brown may vary, but for the most part, the people are tanned and brown. They echo their fields that have been ruined by the fascists. Their darks eyes are hungry and scared. They must think I'm a Hun, Will realizes. A strange blond haired, blue eyed man coming into their country and disrupting their peace. Talking in a strange language and wearing strange clothes. Most of these people have never heard German, let along English. There were enough similarities between the two languages. Enough similarities in the blood and gore that was being spilt. Everyone shot a gun the same way. Everyone bled and died the same way. How were the two any different? We're the good guys, that's what they say. Will knows the speech. Knows the morale boosters and the USO shows by heart. Lt. Colonel Jason Grace walks two steps in front of Will. He's young to already be such a high ranking officer, but Grace had been in the army even before the bombing of Pearl Harbor. He's a man made to be in the army. Clean cut. Ruthless when he had to be. A good shot and even better in close combat. Most of the time, Will isn't impressed by the soldiers he sees in the camps. Sure, they're fighting for their county. Will wouldn't be over here, halfway around the world, stitching up men if he didn't believe in America. But most of the time, soldiers forgot they were fighting not just an idea of Nazism and Fascism, but people. They were shooting down people with families and homes. People with children and wives and parents who would miss them. They were fighting people that might not necessarily agree with Hitler and Mussolini but people who would die for their country. People in the same position as them. Will didn't like fighting. Violence in general. That's why he had become a doctor. To heal and make the sick better. Lt. Col. Grace is different though. He humanizes the people they are fighting. Maybe not Hitler, but he realizes that the common German foot soldier is just as much of an expendable peace in the Grand Scheme of Things as they, fighting for the Star Spangled Banner, are. Will doesn't mind Grace too much. He's proud to call him his commanding officer. They make it to the back of the tent. In the corner is a body on a cot, pale and sweating. A man in civvies, torn and stained. No. A boy. He can't be more than 18 or 19. There are two female figures waiting beside him. One looks older, like the boy's mother. She looks haggard, but proud at the same time. She looks Grace in the eye when they get close. The other woman is not as old, maybe the boy's sister, approximately 21 to 24. She is by the boy's bedside, holding his hand and stroking his hair. "This is Maria di Angelo and her children. Bianca di Angelo—," here he gestures faintly to the younger woman, "And that's her son, Nico." The boy stirs and immediately Bianca is on her haunches to soothe the boy with soft words in Italian. Or Sicilian. Will hasn't learned the difference yet. "Nico was, ah, is a resistance fighter from a group that was starting up in Rome. The Fascists were ordered to kill him and his followers so they fled here on a boat. From what I gathered, he has an injury that he suffered right before they left Italy and came here and it's festered ever since. I've got orders from up top. We're to help anyone that helps it look like Italy is breaking away from the Axis. So we start here. Fix him up, if you can." With that, Grace turns on his heal with precision Will wishes he had and stalks back down the row of cots. This tent is full with everyone that came from Rome, about 40 people or more. Will is impressed that this young man, practically a child, was able to get all of these people to safer grounds. "Do either of you speak any English?" Will asks hopefully. He's met with blank stares from both Maria and her daughter. "Nico," Bianca says, squeezing her brother's hand, "English." Right. The only one who knows English is the one incapacitated. " Vous-parlez français, peut être? " Will asks. He knows some French from school. It was required in the boys' school he'd been shipped off to in Louisiana. Even if the dialects were different, they'd have a language in common. " Un peu," Maria says, nodding. Continuing in French she asks, "Are you a doctor?" "Yes. I am going to try to help him." Will says, speaking clumsily as he tries to put the right words together. Bianca looks lost, but with a few words from her mother she quiets down. She edges away from the cot just enough to let Will get close and examine the boy. It's his arms that are hurt. Infected, in fact. Lucky for the boy, it's not as bad as it could be. Infection has only just started to set in, but not to the point of needing amputation. There are almost identical gashes on the upper part of both arms. It is obvious the two women had done the best they could to help him, but the boy really needed a doctor all along. Will doesn't know the French for "Infection" but he tells Maria that he has to clean the wounds with alcohol. From the pocket of his military issued shirt, he produces a pad of paper and a pencil. He writes down what he needs: alcohol, penicillin, and clean bandages. Tearing the paper out of the book, he asks Maria to ask her daughter to give this to one of the soldiers stationed at the door of the tent. He would fetch what Will needs to help Nico. A few more words from her mother and Bianca races down the aisle like a shot. "He will be alright?" Maria asks. She's just loud enough to hear over the din of the room, with people talking in Italian and Sicilian. "With time." Will says, because he doesn't know how to say, "Hopefully." The fever in the boy's skin must be sweated out. He's hot and cold-clammy at the same time. His body is on the verge of completely shutting down in order to try and heal itself. "How did he get hurt?" The doctor turns his head to look at his mother, who is giving him a calculating look. She pauses for a moment, thinking, Will guesses, if she should tell him or not. She looks at him for so long, Will considers apologizing for asking such a thing when she finally says: "They put their dogs on him." Maria says. She has a steel look in her eye as if daring Will to ask more. Will doesn't. If he's learned anything from this war, people who oppose dictatorships are often sentenced to die. They wait together for ages in silence. It is only 20 minutes, give or take, but the di Angelo matriarch has not turned her gaze away from Will. A baby cries at the front of the room. They're quickly hushed. People cough and groan and complain loudly in a language Will is deaf to. His patient coughs several times. Will puts a new, damp cloth on the boy's forehead. He almost goes to fetch a cup of water for his patient, but he deems it best if he does not leave the bedside for the time being. Maria would probably misinterpret his meaning. Within the next few minutes, Bianca returns with a soldier, luckily one Will recognizes. He salutes Major Jackson, Grace's second in command. Percy, as he prefers to be called, grins. "At ease, captain," Percy says with authority. Will is glad that it was Percy that found Bianca. Percy has a sweetheart who is a WAC back home. Anna-something, if Will's memory didn't fail him. The major is loyal and respectful of women and wouldn't sink as low to touch Bianca in a way another soldier might. "This young dame said you needed all this," Percy says. He's from Manhattan, and talks like it. Says he could be a regular Captain America if he was from a different borough. When he got to talking about heroics, Grace usually shut him up. He pushes a box of medical supplies into Will's hands. There isn't much but it's no doubt all their unit can spare to use on non-GIs. It's enough to get Nico into stable condition. "Thank you," Will says. "Someone will be around to check on you, doc. Bring you dinner or something. 'M not sure what the top dogs are telling Grace to do, but they're yanking him by his leash for sure." Percy says. He nods to Maria and then to Bianca before turning away with a two finger salute. Will likes Percy alright, too. He goes to work on his patient. The first thing he needs to do is clean the wounds with the alcohol. Anymore festering and the skin would become gangrene. "Nico!" Bianca shouts when Will applies the alcohol. Her brother is hissing and arching his back as he tries to squirm away from Will in his delusions. "Please!" Will tries to keep her from hitting him or knocking him away from the bed, "I need to help. Heal him." "Bianca," Maria says, " Che sta cercando di aiutare!" " Ma Mama —," A stern look from Maria shuts Bianca up. Will feels a twinge of sympathy for her; she's only worried about her brother. Will would be too if it was Kay or Austin that was hurt. Bianca takes a seat at her mother's feet, a look of contempt on her face. Will tries to ignore it and go back to cleaning his patient's wounds. Once that's over with, the boy calms down and stops struggling. Will stitches some of the deeper cuts that need them and wraps them in clean bandages. It's a little harder to find a vein. It doesn't help that the boy is dehydrated. It takes a couple of tries but Will finds a vein and hooks up the drip. "Now we wait and pray. I will be back in two hours to check on him" Will tells Maria in French. She looks at him for a moment and bows her head. " Grazie, medico." Will doesn't need to know their native tongue to know what that means. He packs up his things back into the box. It's just about supper time, and he has worked himself to a place where he feels as though he doesn't care what the night's rations are. He walks back up the aisle of beds, feeling a pang in his heart that he can't do more to help these people, and then a feeling of anger that the government that he is serving under isn't doing more. Refugees, that's what they are. They escaped Italy to be safe in Sicily and all they got was the watchful eyes of the American and British forces. Sergeant Travis Stoll bumps into him as Will exits the tent. "I was just about to come and nab you." "Well, seems I've done your job for you," Will says. He doesn't mean to snap at Travis, but he isn't in a good mood. "Now, now," he says, "What's all this about? Something that our lord and savior Jason Grace