"We need to promise each other. Ten years, and we'll all be here again. Right here at the lake, no excuses." At the lake house on graduation evening, six friends form a pact to meet again at the exact same place in ten years. With their futures off in many different directions, how will they fare once they meet again? AH. Canon couples. The Ten Year Pact - I don't own Twilight. "Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over." - Octavia Butler Chapter one Friday. It's the day you anticipate all week, yet once you actually get there, you find it harder to get out of bed than any other day. Except maybe, Monday. Friday is the day you set for the teeth cleaning, the lunch time pedicure, the pap smear you've been putting off...But then decide you'd rather lay on the couch while watching bad reality television and eating your weight in ice-cream than have a middle aged man stare at your vagina while your legs are up in the stirrup things at the Gynecologists. Friday is the day coffee tastes it's absolute best. The steaming mug of energy was in my hand as I moved the egg I had cooked from the pan to the top of my toast. Breakfast was the most important meal of the day, or so they say. Also, I could be a bitch when I didn't have something in my stomach. Hangry was my middle name. I lived in a nice two bedroom plus den apartment in Queen Anne, Seattle. The building was originally a gorgeous, Northwestern style mansion that had been converted into several apartments a few years before I moved in. My home was my baby, I bought my apartment last year after working my ass off and saving all that I could for years, this apartment represented all of the overtime I worked, and weekends away I missed to be able to afford it. Being not quite twenty nine, I had my fair share of life experiences; travel, boyfriends, drunken dances down the street followed by a three a.m taco... But I had yet to settle down. I did want a family one day, in fact, I thought I might be close to settled down by now. But no one had stuck yet, not through lack of trying, I had dated every kind of man you can possibly think of. But I subconsciously had someone that they all would never compare to. I have worked at Volturi publishing house as an editor since graduating college, it was a good job with good pay and I could work at home for the most part, which meant I could easily spend my days in my silk P.J's if I wanted too. Which I totally did. By 9:30 a.m, I was sitting comfortably in my den, working like a mad woman. I really enjoyed my work and it was good to be able to put my English degree to good use. I was completely absorbed in editing some John Green-esque novel about dying and being in love while downing my second Cup-of-Joe for the day, when my cell phone went off, making me almost knock the coffee out of my hand. "Alice," I spoke into the phone in lieu of a hello, having seen her name pop up on the caller i.d. "To what do I owe the pleasure, miss?" Alice and I had been friends since we were in diapers, our mothers met during a Lamaze class when they were both pregnant. Alice was two weeks older and she had never let me forget it to this day. "Hey Bells, Em wants to have drinks tonight at Murray's." Emmett being one of my oldest friends also. "Kate and Garrett are in too, you coming?" She unnecessarily shouted into the phone, obviously out in the city center somewhere, the sound of car horns in the background. Murray's was a hip little Irish pub in downtown Seattle we had stumbled upon a few years back, it was perfect for us; not too loud, so we could hear each other and have actual conversations, but loud enough that Emmett's natural bellow wouldn't disrupt the other people too much. I had met Emmett in the first year of middle school, we were partnered up in gym and my natural clumsy nature had him in fits of giggles - yes the boy giggled - and we were tight ever since. I admired his ability to get along with anyone, and that he never judged a book by it's cover. "Sure, sounds good," I nodded at no one, sipping my coffee. "It's been a while. What time?" "Eight-ish, but I've told Em seven-ish." Emmett wasn't one known for being on time. We chatted for a few more minutes, before hanging up. I was looking forward to seeing my people, being an adult came with a lot of responsibilities and sometimes seeing your friends had to come in second until your work load lessened. But it was something we all went though, so I couldn't complain. By 7:40 I was showered, my hair and make up was done, and I was dressed in a manner Alice would approve of while still feeling like myself. I had on a simple white blouse, paired with a black leather, high waited skirt and black heels. I spritzed on a little of my perfume at the base of my throat as I heard a beep outside, alerting me that the cab driver I called was here. Grabbing my purse and keys, I locked up and headed out. Kate and Garrett were the first there once I entered the bar, already sitting in our usual spot; the corner booth in the middle of the room. Garrett's arm was lazily around his girlfriend as she drank what looked like a Cosmopolitan. "Hey guys!" I called as I neared them. "Yo Bella! Long time, no see." Garrett had just returned from a business trip in Oregon a couple of days ago. Kate simply smiled sweetly and waved at me. Kate was my dorm roommate, my first year of college at WSU, we hit it off immediately and it only took Emmett two weeks of jealously and complaining about his 'Always high as a kite ' roommate Jared before he started to warm up to Kate. Garrett was a freshman when we were seniors, he was being tutored by Kate and somehow managed to charm her pants off, literally. They had got engaged on Christmas eve last year and we were all lucky enough to be a part of the wedding party, I was excited to be a maid of honor for the first time. Alice arrived only two or three minutes after me, never a woman to be late. I left placing my order until she arrived, so we both went to the bar together. "We better get Em a beer too, I bet he's chomping at the bit." I decided. Alice nodded. "You're such a mom, Bells." I smiled, agreeing. I had kept these two out of many sticky situations in college. Once you've seen a bear sized man running down the street, naked, drunk, and giggling like a school girl, you've seen everything. Speak of the devil, and the devil doth appear. "Hey peeps" Emmett boomed as he plopped down next to Alice in the booth, taking the beer he already knew was his and spared no time in chugging it down. I looked over Alice's pixie cut and smiled at him. "Rough day?" I asked. "Eric is on my ass to pick up another boot-camp class, Peter got a leg injury and can't teach it." He shook his head. "So guess who got it?" Emmett was a personal trainer and specialized in weight training, one thing he hated were the cardio boot-camps his co-owned gym offered. But when you have partners in the ownership of a business, you had to compromise, plus it was a good seller. Alice was practically bouncing in her seat the whole time we were there, Garrett went over all that happened at his business trip, and Kate followed up with a few cute stories about her preschoolers. I mentioned the book I was editing, and Emmett complained some more. By 10:50 Alice was positively vibrating as she finished her third glass of red wine. The girl was hiding something for sure. Kate was all but napping on Garrett's shoulder at this point in the evening, kids can be really tiring. "Okay, I'd better get this old thing home." He liked to joke about their small age difference, just to get a rise out of her. She was too tired tonight to really care however. "Can we get Dairy Queen on the way home?" She slurred. Half from tiredness, half from the four Cosmo's in her system. "Of course, babe." He said, kissing her forehead. The two said their goodbyes, and were gone. We spread out a bit more in the booth, Em's size always made us shoulder to shoulder when we were in our group usually. "I have news." Alice finally burst. Her smile brighter than the 'Kiss me I'm Irish' light above the bar. I checked my watch. "11:02. pay up," I put my palm out to Emmett. While Alice was in the bathroom earlier, we had made a bet to see how long she would last before blurting out whatever it was that she was hiding. He said she couldn't hold it until eleven, I had faith in her and said after. After a lifetime of knowing her, we knew her 'tell'. Emmett grumbled as he shoved a twenty dollar bill in my hand. She just ignored our little squabble and continued to jiggle in her seat. "Okay, so I was talking to my mom a couple of days ago, and she had been talking to Mrs. Stanley, who had been talking to Mrs. Cope, who had -" "- Alice, we don't need the entire list of the population of Forks." Emmett, interrupted. She just ignored him, and continued. "Mrs. Cope had coffee with Mrs. Cullen a week ago." I halted slightly at the name, having not heard it in a while, but said nothing. "And guess what?" "She's not pregnant is she? She's my mom's age and I think at this point all she'd have to feed the kid is dust out of her boobs." I slapped him over the head. Esme Cullen was easily the sweetest woman to ever exist. "Go on Alice," I added, my interest piqued. "Well," She paused, before blurting a whole sentence together. "Edward-is-coming-home-and-might-end-up-here-in-Seattle." Her sentence was a little jumbled, but I got the gist of it. Edward was moving back, and I didn't know how I felt about that. Happy for the most part, he was a part of our old friendship group. "Wow." Was all I ended up contributing. Emmett raised his arms high up in the air, woo-hoo-ing with all his might. "Awesome, maybe there can be another guy in the group!" His booming voice scared the people in the booth next to us, causing them to send dirty looks our way. I smiled apologetically at them. "Yeah." I added pitifully, twirling a strand of my long hair around in my fingers. "Wait," Emmett said quickly. "How many years has it been since graduation?" I did the math quickly in my head. "About... Oh." "Ten years." We all said at the same time, staring at each other. If my math was correct, it would be ten years exactly on the 20th of May this year. One month away. Tears started to well up in Alice's eyes, which of course set me off. "Do you think we should?" She asked.