Solve the Riddle Summary : Harry's in the past. There is no 'Lord' Voldemort. However, if Harry expects things to be easier just because he's older and Riddle's younger, he's going to be sorely disappointed. Harry's never been one for giving up, but neither has Riddle, and as they both are forced to work together- in more ways than one- the stakes slowly change. [Time travel, Dimensional travel, fem!Riddle] Disclaimer : I don't own Harry Potter, because evidently, if I did, Tom Riddle would be female and there would be quite a bit of time travel involved. Chapter One: A Lucky Accident /l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\ August 8, 1949 Harry didn't groan or stretch widely as he woke up, more than used to coming awake instantly. He slipped out of bed with as little fanfare as possible, careful not to wake his partner. The sun was just coming up over the horizon and he highly doubted that the woman would wake up, considering how late they had fallen asleep. Not because they'd had sex for literal hours- Harry's life wasn't poorly written smut- but because they'd hooked up late. As usual, really. Parties hadn't ever been his thing, and he wouldn't go to so many if he wasn't contractually bound to. He'd arrived in the time- 1948- a little under a year before with nothing but the clothes on his back. Well, not including his wand and a few galleons in pocket change. Along with some things that just wouldn't leave him be. Aside from those few galleons, he'd had nothing, and so he'd decided almost immediately to find some kind of temporary job. While he'd wanted to do nothing more than to rail at the world, to teleport to some uninhabited place and scream himself hoarse, to drown himself in alcohol, he'd had enough professionalism to keep himself going, to get himself set up before he broke down. And he'd happened on dueling. With no qualifications in this time, he'd had nothing that could possibly net him a job. Nothing but his own skills. While they couldn't earn him back his job as an auror until he managed to at least retake his NEWTs, they had been able to earn him a victory at the first dueling tournament he went to. The only reason why he hadn't retaken them already is that, apparently, if you weren't taking them as part of a school graduation, you had to schedule nine months in advance. Which was probably why he was reminiscing so much this morning, nine months and two days after he'd arrived in the past, nine months after he'd scheduled his NEWTs. Dueling had been an obvious choice, for a number of reasons. First, and possibly foremost, locals were cheap. Their entrance fee generally consisted of eight sickles and the grand prize was often greater than twenty five galleons. There were an astounding number of kids who wanted to try out dueling, thinking that winning in an amateur tournament would make them the next Merlin or something like that. The second reason, one nearly as important, was his dueling skills. Calling them better than average was an understatement. Others had called them amazing, and Harry was inclined to agree. He'd worked hard for his skills and he wasn't going to downplay them just to appear modest. There had been a lot of aspiring Dark Lords and Ladies in the wake of Voldemort's death and Harry had taken it upon himself to deal with them. He'd dueled Voldemort multiple times- despite the fact that he'd barely managed to keep up, it had been fantastic experience. And it had also given him confidence that he could beat anyone who wasn't an exceptional fighter, because, to put it bluntly, Voldemort was to Wizards what Stephen Hawking was to a Southern Hick in the states. Kingsley had tried to talk him out of it- he could be a bit of a mother hen sometimes, really- but Harry had insisted. He'd been wallowing in his own despair and just angry at the world back then. While he'd pretended to himself that wanting to stop the the many 'bad guys' was altruistic, he'd really just been looking for people to vent his frustrations on. And his exceptional reaction time had also greatly benefitted his dueling. Though his poor eyesight had made it difficult to see which spells were coming in time to react sometimes, even with better glasses. One of the reasons he'd never gotten into dueling before, despite somewhat enjoying the adrenaline rush of a good fight, was his bad vision. It had also ruined any chance he had of playing professional Quidditch if he'd wanted to; he hadn't been too devastated, considering that he cared much more about the flying than the game itself. Back in his time, he'd gotten fed up with his poor vision inhibiting him about a year after Voldemort's defeat and just advertised a fairly ludicrous reward for any potions master who could create a potion to fix eyesight with little to no repercussions. He'd been able to afford it mostly because of the multitude of public appearances and advertising deals he'd been obligated to go through with while he was technically a Ministry employee. His inheritance from his parents had been a nice nest egg, but not nearly enough to entice any potions master worth their salt to take such a request and make it their foremost project. Ultimately, he'd been presented with the completed potion a little over six months later. It had been created and brewed by a prodigal Brazilian wizard who happened to be the great grandson of Libatius Borage. Long story short, it hadn't been a problem by the time he was temporally displaced and decided to take up dueling. And once he had started dueling, he'd won everything he entered. Harry didn't know the condition of duelists or dueling circuits in his own time, but the duelists he'd faced post-displacement had generally been in poor physical condition and far too used to being 'gentlemanly' and taking turns flinging spells. Which definitely wasn't in the rules, so Harry had abused their outdated styles and, until other people wised up, all of his fights had been ridiculously easy. And even when they had figured out that standing in one place and yelling, "It's my turn," wasn't helping them, they still couldn't touch him. Harry was just of a higher caliber; he had exponentially more experience. He'd been sponsored almost immediately as soon as he started entering regionals- luckily, there were at least some semi-competent duelers entering at that level- instead of locals, which pretty much solved his money issues. The only problem with that was that as he progressed in the dueling circuit, he was invited to bigger and bigger tournaments. Tournaments that inevitably had celebrations after for the victor- which was Harry in every tournament he entered. Harry had skipped the first party, but then the company he was being sponsored by- incidentally a less corrupt Daily Prophet- had pointed to a spot in his contract that stated that he needed to attend at least one afterparty for every tournament he won. Which sucked for Harry, but there was nothing he could really do. Even though it was less corrupt, the Daily Prophet was still a newspaper and wanted positive publicity. And that was what had led to his sleeping around. Or at least the means for him to sleep around. Harry was just glad that when he'd been sent back in time, he'd been on the outs with Ginny. Their relationship hadn't exactly been the best and they'd frequently broken up only to get back together a month later. Luckily, they'd just split up a week before he was sent back so he didn't have to feel guilty at all about sleeping with other women. Contrary to the means, there hadn't been some long process of events that led him to actually start choosing to sleep around. It had been for one main reason, really. Harry had never really gotten into alcohol, but he wanted a way to keep his mind off of his situation, to maintain his eternal denial towards the fact that he would never see his friends again. So he slept around- sometimes it could be as much of a narcotic as alcohol and others he just did it so as to not break routine. Which seemed a bit callous even to him, even when he was in somewhat of a depression induced haze. He couldn't explain exactly why he did it on nights when he wasn't all that interested- in the mental sense; due to the fact that he was a guy, he was almost always interested physically- he just did it, without knowing why. But that wasn't what had happened with the girl from the night before, the one that was in his bed. He'd definitely consciously chosen to sleep with her; if he only payed attention to her looks, she was a goddess. A beautiful, regal face, piercing gray-ish black eyes, midnight black hair, curves in literally all of the right places . . . And that was where the dream ended. While she had the looks, she didn't have the brains. To put it simply, from how she'd been acting the night before, not even drunk as far as Harry could tell, she was a total ditz. Harry wasn't entirely sure how she'd passed her schooling, wherever she'd gone, and he'd been fairly surprised that his routine subtle check- of his sexual partners, medically- hadn't turned up any STDs. If she'd had a mind to match her body, they might have had something more than a one night stand. As it was, Harry was bored of her already. She was great in bed- from a lot of experience, probably- but one night was enough for that. To date, he hadn't met anyone that he actually saw himself having a future with- which made sense, when you considered the fact that he only really slept with girls who were enamored with him- in other words, fangirls. He'd wondered, sometimes, in the year since he'd arrived in the past, if he did it for nostalgia. Which was a really bad joke, he admitted readily- and kind of cruel to Ginny. He didn't hate Ginny for their tumultuous relationship- on the contrary, he still cared for her. But looking back on it, he realized that there'd been no love anymore. It was such a tenuous relationship and Harry suspected he'd just been following a routine- break up, sulk, vent on up and coming dark wizards, sulk, get back together, repeat steps one through five. So occasionally, just to cheer himself up a bit, he would poke fun at parts of his life pre-time travel. Some of the things he'd done truly were ridiculous or ridiculously stupid- sometimes both- and just recounting adventures with Ron and Hermione to himself could raise his spirits more than pretty much anything else. He tended to do that a lot- get into a routine, that is. He'd gotten particularly talented at it- shutting off his brain and doing things by rote. Which wasn't a good thing, at all, but it was the coping mechanism he'd used after the battle of Hogwarts, when he'd realized the scope of the war, all of the people Voldemort had killed, non-magical and magical alike. He'd blamed himself for it, in retrospect, for not challenging Voldemort sooner. The logical portion of his brain told him that there was nothing he could have done and that he just would have died a fool, but the irrational, emotional part told him that he should have done more, that he was a coward and that it ended up costing thousands of people their lives. And the irrational part was stronger, mainly because he'd known many of the dead at the battle of Hogwarts specifically. And because it was one case where he could have gone earlier