"Katniss" he whispered, his lips so close that they stirred the air over hers, "I just had to do this once." He presses his warm lips against hers, as he walked her body back to the wall. Her heart started to pound, and she wrapped her arms around his neck pulling him closer still. His tongue tickled against her lower lip and then slid into her parted mouth tasting her deeply. Her body tingled and she found herself pressing back against him. She tightened her fingers through his hair and he groaned and rubbed his heated throbbing groin back and forth against her. She responded without thinking and parted her legs for him giving him space to lean in more. Redoubling his devouring kiss of her, he pressed her back lifting her slightly with the force of his pelvis crushing tightly against hers and she shuddered at the power and heat emanating from this man between her legs. She felt a hand trailing up her side to brush at the underside of her tingling breast, and she welcomed the touch to come….. but it never did. Breaking from the kiss leaning his full body against her still, he pressed his forehead to hers and stared in her eyes while he fought for control. He took some deep shuddering breaths, breathing the same air as her, then releasing her completely he took several shaky steps backwards. Standing there, still panting, they looked at each other. Then he turned and left without another word. Katniss collapsed against the wall on wobbly legs before sliding to sit on the floor breathless wanting and confused as she watched Gale disappear around the corner. Time warped for her and she didn't know how long she actually sat there. Lost in her own head and the emotions that were battling inside her, she was unaware of her surroundings. She never heard Peeta approach. He slid down the wall onto the floor beside her as she looked up at him with a lost expression. "Hey are you ok?" "Am I ok?" she laughed it off not answering his question "How are you?" "Well, I need some help with my treatment." "Sure, anything" "The doctor says I should attempt to reestablish old relationships as they were and to ask others how we acted when we were together." "That's seems like a good idea" "Yes but with us I don't really remember how we were together." He looked at her sheepishly. She frowned, her brows furrowed together, "That's tricky Peeta, because how we were and how we had to act was always different." He just looked at her confused. "Was it always different, was it an act?" he glanced at her sideways then looked down at his lap. "I remember some things on the train" he shook his head as if clearing the pictures inside "and some other things, in the arena on the beach. Did you just act like you loved me?" He looked so hurt Katniss felt her heart was breaking but she didn't know what to say. Peeta took a deep breath to steady himself. "Um, ok so are we friends? Or um…" He looked up piercing her with his icy blue eyes. "What are we Katniss? Was it all a lie?" Her heart wrenched in anguish for him. But now that she had to honestly face what feeling she had for Peeta she could not lie to him or herself. "Peeta" she whispered softly meeting his gaze, her expression unreadable to him. He stood up and took a few steps away. "It's ok Katniss, don't worry" and he turned as if to leave. She jumped up not willing to let him go, and grabbing his hand pulled him back to her. "It was not a lie" and she slid her arms around his neck and standing on tip toe pressed her lips to his. She kissed him passionately. Peeta responded wrapping his strong arms around her and hugged her tight to him. Her body remembered these actions and responded quickly as a wave of lust slammed through her, leaving her reeling and panting for breath. She attacked Peeta's mouth fiercely and he lifted her against his body. She could feel the enticing firmness of his cock as he tilted her pressing his hips to her. She was excited by his touch and her body responded to his every move, but confusion tickled at the back of her brain. Was her blood still heated from her encounter with Gale, or did Peeta bring out this passion in her? Could it be both? Her mind contrasted their differences, their physic, their height, their smell, their taste. But trying to separate the images only blurred the lines closer together. Pushing aside her growing distress she focused again on Peeta and the wild frenzy his attentive touch was building in her. She bent to him again her mouth capturing his as her tongue sought out his to dance with. Caught in a lustful haze Peeta filled all of her senses, and so she did not notice when Gale came around the corner. He stopped in his tracks seeing Peeta and Katniss embraced in a passionate kiss, a stunned look on his face. "What the hell Katniss?" he yelled as they broke apart upon noticing him. Standing side by side they looked at him. Gale grabbed her arm and pulled her to him, and she crashed, pressing up against his body panting hard as she stared into his eyes. Gale recognized the look of arousal on Katniss' face and it made his cock go instantly hard. He tried to control himself as his dick pulsed against her. And dammit if she didn't just press her hips more. Her mouth opened to take a deep breath. And he found himself drawn to her, dipping his head to her face, as a voice behind them broke the spell. "Katniss what's going on?" Peeta said behind her, his soft voice making her shiver. Katniss backed away glancing back and forth between the two of them now her hand over her mouth or more like touching her lips to feel the sensations again, she looks shocked and confused. "Oh my god" She whispered to herself. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry" she glanced at each of them with an apology. "I've got to go, I didn't want to hurt anybody, I'm sorry." She backed a few steps away. "Stop apologizing, please" Gale said as he reached out an arm to her. She backed away further. "I've got to go," she glances back and forth between them again "I, I, I ….. I've got to go." Tears welled up in her eyes blurring her view of both of them. "I'm sorry". "Don't be sorry, I'm not" She took another step away, before she turned and fled. "Hey wait! Katniss!" She mumbled to herself as she left "I love them both. I will lose them both tonight. No good can come of this. I can't chose, I don't want to lose them both" Tears streamed down her face as she raced down the hallways crashing into people as she looked for a place of solace. They both stared after her as she ran off. Then turning to each other and sized one and other up. "Does she love you?" Peeta asked Gale "I wish I knew for sure." "I think maybe she does" Gale was silent as he watched the hallway where she had left then he turned to look at Peeta. "No Peeta I think she loves you" Peeta looked more confused. "That can't be right, can it?" sizing up Gale again he asked "Do you love her?" "She encompasses every thought in my head." "That sounds like love" "Yes, but you love her to right?" "Yes I do, I always have for as long as I can remember, I think, or I did? Was it pretend?" "No Peta, it wasn't pretend" he pauses starting at where she left "Think about how you feel about her" "I want to always be around her, and touch her, and kiss her. I want to know how her day has been and what she's thinking. I want to know everything about her." "I feel that way too, and I'm in love with her". Peeta paused again thinking hard, as he peered at Gale. "Why did you rescue me? If you hadn't you could have had her for yourself entirely" "It was the right thing to do, we just couldn't leave you there to suffer at the hands of the capitol" Peeta gave him a skeptical look. "I might be crazy but I'm not stupid." He tried again "Why did you rescue me?" "For Katniss, if I had left you there, she never would have stopped thinking about you." Peeta nodded at this answer feeling the truth of it. "Yes that's part of it but what else? Why did YOU rescue me?" Gale looked away from him now sighing deeply to himself. He ran his hands over his head and paced a few steps away, stopping at the end of the hallway. Then he turned and walked back to Peeta a new resolve on his face. "So I could be a hero, and save you. I wanted her to see us both side by side and then to make a choice. I wanted her to pick me." Peeta nodded this was the truth, he felt it. "Are you the right choice Gale?" after another long pause… "No, I don't think so." "But I could end up hurting her again" "So could I" Gale murmured under his breath. "I won't let you hurt her." "I won't let you hurt her either." Peeta said nodding seriously. He looked at Gale again. "So what do we do now? Let her choose? She would always feel guilty no matter what she decided." "That would never work because she would never allow herself to pick one of us over the other." "Great, I guess we are all meant to be miserable." "Don't you see Peeta? She has already made her choice." Peeta gave him a confused look. "I'm still pretty messed up in the head right now and not that great at reading people. Do you really think she has made a decision? How can you tell? Which one of us does she want to be with?" Gale gave him a half smirk, and raised an eyebrow to Peeta. "Peeta, she wants us both." "What do you mean?" "Can't you tell, she's attracted to us both, she wants us both, and her decision, is not to choose." "Oh" he still looked unsure "well that doesn't really help anybody" "Well…. we are both here." Gale stopped, taking a deep breath "She can have us both, if she wanted. I won't add to her stress by forcing her to choose between us. I won't demand one more thing from her when everybody else already demands so much." "So what do we do?" "I say we let her have us." Peeta's eyebrows rose up in response his mouth forming an 'O'. Gale nodded at him. "She is being pulled in all directions from people who want her and need her to be different things for them. We can't do that to her as well. What she needs the most right now is love and support" "If she wanted to I would be willing." Peeta looked thoughtful again. "How do we tell her this? I suppose we just walk up to her and tell her she gets both of us now?" "I say we just show her. I can share if it means I get at least part of her". Peeta nodded agreeing. "I can to". Peeta knew where Katniss would be, she had taken him there once before, showing him her place, saying it was a good place to think or hide, and nobody else had found out about this particular spot yet. They found her hiding under some