Painting Katniss Set in thirteen after Peta's rescue. Katniss visits Peta everyday trying to help him recover. He didn't try to kill her and has no real animosity towards her just confusion, fear and pain. I tried to stick to how these characters would really be feeling, but it's a long way to go from pain and torture, to healing and affection. Rated M for sexual content. Katniss wandered slowly through the maze of halls that lead to the medical wards. She was going to see Peta again as she promised that she would, but her steps were slow and seemingly heavier the closer she got. A medical assistant had sought her out this evening asking her to come again, thinking that her presence may be helpful to him. She wanted to do anything that she could to help Peta, she really did. But at times seeing the hopelessness in him or when he was totally captured by a vicious hallucination, scared her too and she felt useless like she was doing more harm than good for him. Since the Hijacking that they had tortured him with was still deeply embedded in his brain, Katniss never knew what she would see in Peta, when she got there and that scared her most of all. Gone was the sweet boy who was kind and cared about everyone, and she would do anything it took to get him back. Strengthening her resolve she sped up as she rounded the last corner to the medical hall. Peta's medical team stood huddled out in the hallway whispering in strained voices and gesturing to Peta's door as she approached. They turned to look at her. The lead doctor spoke. "As part of Peta's therapy we instructed him to paint." He paused looking at Katniss as if waiting for some sort of confirmation that she understood. She leveled him with an annoyed glare instead. "We suggested that he try and paint out some of the nightmares he was having" again a long pause and Katniss wondered if he had forgotten what he actually wanted to say. "Peta has been painting for nine hours now…." "Well you will probably need more paint then" Katniss said in her typical smartass way. The Doctor chose to ignore her as he continued. "He seems to be purging very well, but we are worried that he may have moved into a place that will be hard to pull him back from. We wanted you to act as a guide or anchor if you will, to help him keep a fix in this reality as he continues to expunge the images in his mind." Katniss knotted her brows together in a frown. "What do you want me to do?" "Just be with him, talk to him, reassure him if you can." She didn't like the sound of the 'if you can' part. "Ok I'll try." Looking somewhat relived now, the doctor nodded and turned back to his colleges and they headed off down the hallway. One nurse remained outside his door. She touched her arm and said "Just do what you can, he's been like this for several hours now" She pushed the handle opening the door for Katniss. "I'll be out here if you need anything" she told her as she passed into his room. Katniss crept quietly in to his room on hunters feet. Slowly she took in the surroundings. His room was covered with paintings charcoal drawings, canvases and papers. The images from his mind were literally everywhere, and everywhere she look she saw nightmares and atrocities beyond her comprehension. The torture and carnage was so deeply disturbing that she literally felt ill, and she gagged. Peta sat on his knees in the middle of the room, with several large sheets of paper scattered around him. Partially finished images on each, and he scribbled madly on the closest one. His movements looking more like an attack then art. "Peta?" she asked gently not entirely sure which Peta she would get a response from her kind loving boy or the animal programmed to attack. "There is nothing left! No beauty anymore, they destroyed it they burned it" he hissed through his teeth in a harsh whisper, his arm slashing the pages faster now. But he didn't stop. Katniss walked to him and placed a hand on his shoulder, causing him to break his focus and he peered up at her with a tearstained face and bleary red swollen eyes. "It's all gone!" He whispered to her and he went back to his compulsive scribbling. Deeply disturbed by what she saw she knelt down beside him and took his hand in hers stopping his movements. "They burned it all away." He said staring at her intently as fresh tears ran down his face creating clean streaks in the smudges of charcoal on his face. "They burned it, they burned US girl on fire!"His voice level has risen to yelling now. Katniss cringed back releasing his hand. Peta shuffled through a pile of papers on the floor and then brought up an image for her to see holding it at her eye level. He shows her a painting of herself burning in flames, her tortured face screaming as seared flesh peels away. She cringed and turns away. Peta reached out and grabbed her arm shrieking like a mad man now "What friendship we had, what caring there was, is now wrapped in evil and hate, and filthy, sickening images that are in my mind" Katniss wrenched her arm free. "They killed me inside" he shrieked laughing and crying. "There is nothing beautiful anymore, everything is burned and dead" "Peta!" she tried to turn him to her "don't say that, you of all people see the beauty that is around, the good in all people, you can create beautiful things" "I used to think so" he hung his head exhausted and slumped over to kneel on floor in fetal position rocking back and forth, the charcoal pencil clenched tightly in his hand. He was openly crying now. "There is no beauty left, there is nothing left" he chanted over and over to himself. Katniss pulled back appalled as she backed out of the room, feeling totally overwhelmed by his heart wrenching despair. Finding the nurse in the hallway she grabbed her. "He has been like this for hours now?! Give him something! You have got to stop this, please sedate him, it's killing him inside he can't handle this. Please help him." "I'm sorry miss but doctor's orders are to let him continue for as long as he can" Katniss grabbed her arms shaking her. "He can't do it anymore, this is torture, please stop this, let him sleep in oblivion. I can't bear to see him suffer anymore." Looking resigned the nurse freed herself and quickly pulled a syringe out of her pocket, and headed in to give it to Peta. A few minutes later the nurse emerged from his room, a look of horror on her face. She glanced at Katniss then nodded and walked down the hallway leaning heavily against the walls for support. Katniss returned to Peta's room to find him dumped in his bed, but sleeping soundly, his face almost peaceful with slumber. She pulled his blankets up over him, brushed the hair off of his forehead and kissed him on the cheek. She cleaned up his room stuffing all of the pictures into his closet and tightly closing the door. She really wanted to burn each and every image but didn't feel she had the right to make that decision. She grabbed a chair and extra blanket and pillow and settle in beside him to keep a silent vigil and stand guard all night. Late in the night Prim came to check on her, she had seen some of the pictures Peta had painted when she was helping out in the medical ward and she had heard that Katniss was with him now so naturally she came by. Katniss rested her head against her sister's waist, as she hugged her while standing. "I don't know how to help him. I don't know what to do. I feel like his soul is dying. How do I save him?" she sounded defeated to her own ears. "Always trying to save everyone right?" she gives Prim a sad look "I know Peta is different to you. Don't give up yet he needs you right now. You are his closest friend and you better than anyone else can understand what he is trying to endure." "But he says all beauty is gone to him now, how do I make him see beauty again?" "Katniss don't you know? You were the most beautiful thing to him. Show him that you are not gone. Give him your beauty to paint, instead of the horrors in his mind." Katniss smirked at her. "Should I consult a prep team first?" her sister smacked her hand "oh stop it, all beauty Peta ever saw in anything was on the inside and you know that, show him your beauty" Katniss looked away from her now. "I'm not sure there is any left in me." Prim gripped both sides of her face forcing her to look deep into her eyes. She held her gaze assessing. "Yes there is," Prim told her. "I can see it, and he will too." Katniss hugged her around the waist. "How did you get so smart?" "Good role model growing up." Prim leaned in and kissed the top of her head "Get some sleep if you can." She wandered out. Several hours later as the sedative wore off Peta started to moan and thrash around in his bed. Katniss went to him grabbing his hand kneeling at the side of the bed trying to wake him up. He contorted in the grip of the nightmare, thrashing again fighting his sheets. She was unable to break him out of the dream, and she started yelling at him now. "Peta! Wake up! Peta!" nothing was working. Katniss grabbed his face and kissed him roughly breaking the hold that the terror had on him, bringing him back to reality, to her. Blinking awake, he looked at her and her worried eyes. His expression was unreadable and she wondered if she is going to have to run fending off an attack if the hallucination still held him. His hand tightened on hers, and she braced to pull away fast adrenalin pumping through her. "Katniss?" he sound scared and unsure but not lethal and she relaxed her muscles some. "Did you kiss me? How did I get in bed? I was painting, then you came" his brow furrowed "I was having a bad time" he paused again and pulled her into bed with him wrapping his arms tightly around her. His thoughts were still fuzzy from the meds and he shook his head "did you sedate me?" "Shh you talk too much." She tucked herself against him and rested her head on his chest. "Just sleep Peta. We will fight off the nightmares together." Peta did fall asleep again with her in his arms. But Katniss lay awake her mind constantly churning as she puzzled how to help Peta. As Dawn approached she thought of an idea she wanted to try with him. Carefully so as not to wake him she snuck out of bed early to put her plan into action. Katniss walked along a green shadowy path deep in the forest outside of thirteen's compound. She had gotten permission from Coin to take Peta outside as part of his therapy and the Doctor had agreed that a change of scenery might help. Peta walked along behind her his head down he watched his feet as they went. Katniss found them a nice clearing with a few fallen logs for sitting on and she stopped to unload her pack. It was peaceful, secluded away from people and