So this is my What-If prompt to PromptsinPanem. The whole concept is what if Katniss and Peeta were captured together in the arena and the after effects they both suffer post-war. I hope you enjoy, and please tell me what you think! ~Terri The rain drips down the window pane, each droplet racing the other, and she keeps track of the winners and the losers in her mind. There is always a loser; never a winner. No one ever truly wins, not even rain drops. The glass is cold against her touch, fogging where she breathes. Drip drip drip. It sounds like the dripping faucet in her cell. All it did was drip. She had counted how many times it would drip before they would come. Drip drip drip So many drips. Maybe it was the rain outside, telling her life still existed outside the confines of the prisons under the Capital. She closes her eyes and pulls her hand away from the pane. Those thoughts are forbidden from entering her mind. She thinks of goats and flowers. Pretty primrose flowers. What did they look like again? It has been so long. Words float through her memory, words she doesn't recognize nor recall why they are there. A song, her subconscious whispers. It's been so long since she's heard music. Her broken mind tries to recall any sort of melody, but all she can remember is how the rain drip drip drip s . "You're singing," his voice gasps in shock. There is no point turning around to see who it is. It's always Peeta. "It's been so long." She says no reply, hasn't spoken in months. The doctors, they feared the Capital had cut out her tongue, forbidding her from speaking ever again, an Avox. That would have been kinder. Happy thoughts. Happy thoughts. He sets a tray of warm soup and bread down on the side table nearest to her. "You need to eat, Katniss. You've gotten so thin." The warmth feels foreign to her, too warm, unwanted. She sets the bowl he's placed in her hands down. Peeta sighs and sits in the chair across from her. They do this every day. He waits. She stares. He gets frustrated. She stares. He throws something. She cries. It's what they do well. "Haymitch called," Peeta tells her, striking up a conversation that will never happen. "He wants to know how we're doing." Haymitch, she says slowly in her head. Haymitch. He was their mentor, yes. He forgot all about her, leaving her there to die. She looks down at the tray of food. Soup's not her favorite. Not anymore. She picks at the bread, ripping it to pieces. Peeta runs his hands through his hair, not sure what to say. That's alright, she doesn't know what to say either. "Johanna wants to visit." Johanna Mason sounds familiar. Friend or foe, she's not sure, but Peeta seems trusting of her so it must mean friend. Crumbs cover her lap and unknown guilt fills her stomach at the sight of wasted food. Bread is important to her, to them, but she can't recall why. She holds one of the bigger pieces up to her eye, studying the white flakes. Peeta always makes fresh bread and that makes her calm, not happy, but calm. They never gave her fresh of anything. He pulls the bread down, telling her to stop playing with her food. "Eat," he insists, holding her bowl once more. "You need to eat." She shakes her head and wipes the bread crumbs to the floor, like a child. His anger doesn't surprise her. It thrills her because this is the Peeta she knows. It's the only thing that makes sense in her jumbled mind. He yells how he's tired of her behaving this way, but she stands up and walks to bed. The pillows smell like fresh linens. No death. No blood. Just clean linens, and that relaxes all her tense muscles in her body. His voice still bellows out frustrations, but Katniss is so used to falling asleep to the screams and cries of pain and agony. One angry Peeta isn't going to change much. Her cold feet snuggle under the covers and a broken melody about a meadow comes to mind. It's broken, bits and bits escaping her memory, but it's real, it's hers, and that's all that matters. She hears him talking about her over the phone. Probably to Dr. Aurelius. Who else would he be talking to in such hushed tones? His voice is muffled from behind her door, but she's able to hear bits of phrases like, "It's almost been a year" and "I'm trying to hold myself together." His voice is grating at her nerves and she shoves a pillow over her head to block the sound out. Silence is a new acquaintance to her. There are times the house is so silent she screams out names of her dead family members, her dead friends, so scared that they are being tortured again. Silence means someone has died, but it can also mean peace. Peeta tells her it's not like how when they were locked away. This silence is different, safer, but he wouldn't know, wouldn't understand. They had rescued him and not her. The medicine her doctor prescribed to make her sleep starts to kick in and her eyes start to lull back into a slumber. A crash is heard from the hall. It wakes her up in a panic. Who is coming for her this time? What does Snow want from her now? She's so tired of interviews, of lies, but people will die if she doesn't comply. The bed is safe, a shield, and she burrows deeper into the plush comforter. He'll never find her here, and if he does then she will go to the farthest pits of her mind, thinking of goats, primroses, and dandelions. Peeta had picked some for her a week ago and that made her happy. The bright yellow heads making her think of sunshine. The sun hasn't shined. Nothing but rain for weeks. The dripping drives her mad. There is no rhyme or reason for the drips like the faucet. It's all out of order, out of sync. Peeta got mad when she threw their plant book out the window to stop the annoying pattering. The door opens and it's not Snow or a Peacekeeper. It's Peeta. Good, sweet Peeta. He's breathing heavily and her eyes follow his figure as it makes its way closer to her. His weight on the bed causes her to slide closer to him and she burrows deeper into the covers in fear. This is it, isn't it? Peeta's going to leave because of all the terrible deeds she's committed. It's what she deserves, but it doesn't make the fear of rejection any less. He sighs, running his scarred hand up and down the blue comforter. "Dr. Aurelius thinks we should talk about it." He doesn't say what the "it" is, but she knows. Peeta wants to talk about their imprisonment in the Capital. She can already feel herself drawing back into the last safe place of her mind. His hand grasps hers, and Katniss can see him, but his lips move without sound. It's impossible to comprehend what he is saying she's so gone. His hand feels nice. It's big and warm and that makes her feel safe. She scoots closer to him, moving his hand along her cheek. "I understand we've both been through hell and back," Peeta sighs, and she wonders what he's been talking about. All that matters is his hand. He's not going to leave her, and he doesn't seem mad that she's a terrible person, the reason so many are dead. "I want us to be able to talk about this. He says it will help." "No one can help." Her voice cracks from disuse, her first words in almost a year, and turns around in the bed. His touch doesn't feel so comforting anymore. He calls her name, repeating again what he has just said, but it all goes in one ear and out the other. Peeta even gets so frustrated that he hits the bed, missing her leg by an inch, and exclaims how childish she's being. "I was in there, too!" he reminds her and she already knows. There is no need for this. "I was tortured and prodded at, too, Katniss. Doesn't it matter that I might need help?" He sounds so defeated, so lost, that she peeks her head out from under the covers, looks over her shoulder. His clothes are rumpled, like he's been in them for days, and maybe he has. She can't recall the last time she's changed out of her nightgown. It doesn't matter, clothes. They don't matter. She blinks at him, waiting for him to speak, to cry, to do something. Peeta sighs again and she watches him leave. Tears slide down her cheeks as the door slams shut and she knew he'd leave her eventually. Isn't that what everyone does? They leave because she's worthless, not worth staying with, a disappointment. The room is dark, dank when her eyes open. Her bed smells like urine and vomit, and the distant moans of highly secured prisoners like herself are heard in the distance. Her body shoots up in alert, looking around at her dingy cell. Why is she back here? How did she get here? Will it never end? Peeta's name is whispered on her lips, but no one comes. Her body slinks to the floor, the cold cement sending shivers up her spine, and she slowly crawls on all fours to the bars. The bars keeping her caged in here shine despite the darkness, metallic-like. Carefully, hesitantly, she brings her hand to the bar and a volt of electricity jolts her away. Every fiber in her shakes from the current. They had never come for her. The war wasn't over. She was still in the Capital, a pawn, a prisoner. "Please," she cries out, pounding her fists into her head. "Make it stop!" Footsteps echo, coming closer to her cell, and she hurries to the cot, needing to hide. Every hair is standing up she's so nervous and the footsteps get closer and closer. Click click click. Buttons are pressed to turn off the electricity to her cage and President Snow comes in view, grinning his wicked grin. "Miss Everdeen, I'm so pleased to see you are up." The thought of being scared of this man, to show she's scared of him, makes her want to vomit, but he's killed her sister, her mother, District 12. Everyone she cares about. There are no chances taken with this sinister man. She stares at him, wondering what he wants. "I wanted to let you know that we've recaptured Mr. Mellark and many of your rebellious friends. All executed within the hour of their capture." He adjusts the white rose in his lapel and the smell causes her to throw up a tiny bit in her mouth. "They informed me that you do know information on the rebellion." He snaps his fingers and two Peacekeepers are there instantly. "Take her to the Interrogation Room." The guards yank her from her bed, their hold on her almost bone crushing, and Snow has to tell them to be kind to the dear Mockingjay. "She is a symbol, you know," he snickers. Tears roll down her face as they drag her to the horrid room, the torture room. "I don't know anything! I don't know anything!" she screams until her throat is used up. Her body thrashes against their hold as they tie her to the table, stick the needles in her arms, but she is so tired, so weak. There's no point. Snow walks in, a blur behind the tears, and tells her, "Katniss, it's time to wake up! Katniss!" Her mind is boggled. What? "Katniss,"