Love is Complicated by The Mad Poet Love is Complicated...some say it's overrated maybe even outdated but never duplicated while lust is just X-rated like a porn flick two bodies pulsating, gyrating bed vibrating and shaking ecstasy in the open for the taking Song Inspiration: Complicated by Rhianna Beta: Jessipooks Pre-reader: LuvinJ/Mist A/N: Okay, so now that I'm drawing near to the end of my self inflicted Seth/Bella challenge I'm starting up a new writing challenge for myself by writing a dominant/mean version of Jake. Hope you enjoy the story and look forward to hearing from you guys! Xoxo August Chapter One: Bribery JPOV: The woman below me was willing and ready to do whatever I asked of her. Pulling her legs around my waist I sunk my fingers into her silky ,soft flesh. Hearing her moan released from her red painted lips, I watched as her eyes widen with a mixture of fear and excitement. I had her right where I wanted her and she knew it. There was nowhere for her to run as if she would. Her full rounded breasts heaved , up and down, in sync with her unsteady breathing. Licking my lips I leaned down and suckled one and then the other, nibbling on the sensitive dark pink nipples, while she squirmed and moaned for me to take her further than we've ever gone before. The day I stepped into Seattle my life went from good to fucking wonderful in no time at all. Everything I imagined life could be, started happening for me. I graduated at the top of my class in college, got an intern position at one of the most well known advertising agencies and had so many women to choose from, it literally blew my fucking mind. "OH MY GOD!" She shouted, twisting the sheets with her hands, and bucking her hips higher off the bed. A wicked smile formed on my face as I gave her everything she could want and more. Alyssa, my present lover, and employers only child was my latest conquest of many. She was the perfect medley of innocence and vixen. When we first met I made a point of staying clear of her. Every time she smiled my way, brushedup against me all so innocently of course, made damn sure she understood that I thought little or nothing about her. Women like Alyssa, enjoy the chase. She knew she was beautiful. Why should I acknowledge it? In my experience with such women, I learned not to dote on them. It was too taxing of a job anyways and besides they wanted a challenge in their men. They wanted what they couldn't have. When I was good and ready to take her to my bed, it would be my decision, not hers. Whenever we had company functions where a date was acceptable, I always made it my duty to bring a sensuous date so my co-workers could drool over themselves with envy. Yeah, I know I sound childish but it was in my nature to prove to the rest of the world I was not only as good as they were but perhaps better than most. "Leave it in, Jake. " She pleaded as she felt my dick twitching deep within her cavern walls. We both knew I was on the verge of exploding. What the hell was wrong with her? Did she think I was stupid enough to knock her up? Her pussy was good but it wasn't good enough to make me forget all reason. I needed to punish her. If she thought I was going to fall for that she deserved whatever came her way. I pulled out and turned her around toward my twitching cock and rubbed it over her mouth. "If you want me to cum in you so much, then open your mouth." A guttural laugh roared in my head as I watched her gulp hard and having the knowledge that she hated to swallow made this more rewarding for me. "Like I said before, open wide Alyssa and swallow every last drop. " My eyes burned in hers as I centered my cock between her lips. Her mouth opened willing and as I watched it slowly surround me, another round of laughter rang through my head. Grabbing her head I began to thrust in and out of her mouth with no care to the pain that I was inflicting on her. My fingers slid between her locks of hair and pulled hard as I came like a racehorse deep in her throat. Opening my eyes I watched as she gagged and tears sprung into her eyes while I continue to pump hard in her swollen mouth until every last drop of my cum was released. "Ahhhh! Yess..." "That was so worth being late for dinner." she moaned,as she rolled off the bed and looked for her clothing. I grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and drank it while she slipped into the bathroom to freshen up. I didn't even bother with getting dressed. Today had been a long day and after Alyssa left, my plans were to take a shower and get some well needed rest. Over the past month we'd been spending twelve hour workdays on a new company AD that the Whitley's desired more than the bottle of champagnes that they kept in their half a million dollar wine cellar. "Hey baby I got to run. Hopefully tomorrow we can hang out longer." She offered as she kissed me tenderly on the cheek. "Sure." I nodded my head in agreement. I knew better than to act anxious at the thought of having sex with her again. She was already late for her family dinner. It was a weekly ritual with them. It was also the main reason I called her over for a quick romp. It was a test, would she risk her father's disapproval and her mother's disappointment when she arrived late again just to spend an hour or two in my bed? Of course she passed it, this time. She winked at me while licking her lips in an enticing way that made my limp dick, spring back to life. Normally I was in more control of myself but sadly today, she left me wanting more. "Do you want to be even later?" Grabbing myself I stroked it while I stared deep into her eyes. I could see the desire already flaming in hers but she knew that if she didn't show up for the weekly family dinner there would be consequences. "That's not fair?" she mumbled heavily. "Since you're late already?" If I was honest with her and myself, I really didn't want to spend another hour with her. She was sexy and beautiful but there were moments when I found her quite lacking that something special that could keep a man like me intrigued. "No. I have to go. Maybe I can drop by later?" she offered, with a hopeful smile. "Nope. Afraid this guy is going to bed." I laughed bitterly. "Okay. If you change your mind you have my number." She turned on her six inch heels and marched out of my apartment without another word between us. It was always like that. No words of endearment. NO longing looks that we would miss one another while apart. It was exactly how I wanted it between us. Unlike some of my former so called friends, I was not in a race to be chained down. Freedom was like breathing to me. The very thought of being stuck with one woman for the rest of my life shot my blood pressure out the roof. I was making my way to the bathroom when I heard a knock on my door. Wrapping a towel around me I made my way towards the front door. I was assuming it would be Alyssa's face on the other side. Opening the door I realized just how wrong I was. Instead of my lover it was my sister. Well, one of them anyways. She looked at me like I was somehow the uninvited guest went it was the other way around. "Becca." I mumbled with a cold bitterness that we'd both become accustomed to over the years. "Jake. Can I come in?" she asked as she pushed me aside and made her way in. It was just like Becca to be bossy. She was one of my twin sisters. Rachel who I tolerated better, didn't join her today. Iwasn't sure if this was a good sign or bad one. Anytime one of my relatives found themselves driving all the way to Seattle to see me, especially unannounced,it normally didn't end up being a fantastic time for either parties. I left LaPush for several reasons. My greedy sisters was on top of that list. "Why are you here?" I asked, ignoring the fact that I was half naked asI walked into my living room and sat in the recliner. Her eyes studied every inch of the room with a keen eye and I could tell she was impressed but of course shewould never admit it. "Sadly since you won't take my calls or return my text messages I was forced to drive all the way here to inform you that father's health is taking a turn for the worse quicker than we first were informed. His doctor fears he has less than six months to live." Becca stated, her eyes misted over but her face showed no emotions. Jake couldn't understand how a woman who was as kind, compassionate and nurturing as his mother had been could ever conceived such cold hearted daughters. "Sorry to hear that but why do you feel the need to tell me this today?" I knew I was being a royal jerk off but we both knew that my father and I hadn't seen eye to eye since the day I left for college. I loved the old bastard but we were no longer on talking terms since I gave up my place to run his business. "Damn it Jake! Do you think I enjoyed driving here to give you bad news in person? I know you and Dad don't exactly approve of one another's decisions about your future but he is your only father. Once he is gone...well...you can never turn back the hands of time to get back the precious time you lost." Becca's voice shook as she stared harshly at me. "I know that. Don't you think after losing mom I know that better than most? What's the other reason for you to be here? Spill it. I don't like mind games. " "Fine! Dad wants you to come home so he can talk to you about perhaps giving you the trust fund mom left for you before your thirtieth birthday." Now I have to say, I was speechless for the first time in a long time by this unexpected news. Dad swore up and down that none of us would ever touch the life insurance money that our mother left her children until we turn the ripe old age of thirty. It was his way of forcing us to come to him when we were in need of financial assistance. Becca and Rachel were drawing close to thirty while I still had five years to go. Why would he be so generous now? Was this his way of repentance for being such a controlling ass over the last few years? "Is this some kind of sick joke just to get me home?" I got up and went to the kitchen to grab a beer from the fridge. A stiff drink would have been better, but I got distracted and forgot to run to the liquor store on my way home last night. "Hardly Jake. I wouldn't manipulate you to return home. I like you being here. With you stepping down from the business, Dad will have no