A/N: This was inspired by a review from a wonderful reader called JocyACullen to my story 'Mommy Dearest'. I found her idea wonderful and decided to expand upon it. This is part of my continuing quest to give Peeta's family a face so that people could relate to his loss. Disclaimer: The Hunger Games and all the characters in this fic are the property of Susanne Collins. Enjoy! They all waited on the platform at the train station in what had to be ninety-degree heat. "Okay. How much you wanna wager the fat one with the bronze wig faints before the train arrives?" At the mocking tone, gentle nudge and slight head gesture in the ridiculous Capitol reporter's direction, the subdued demeanor the anxiety of finally seeing his baby brother returned to them relatively whole after his nightmarish ordeal of the past two months mitigated enough that the towheaded nineteen-year-old couldn't help release a chortle. It was difficult keeping stoic when his younger brother had taken it upon himself to make him smile every opportunity that presented itself. And considering the very unfortunate and annoying reality that they were surrounded by a gaggle of brightly colored, flamboyant Capitolite media personnel and camera crews whom all gave off the strange illusion of melting wax in the escalating heat, it didn't appear the middle Mellark child was going to run out of material any time soon. The soft snickering he saw his father trying to hide behind a hand and the melodic giggling of the dark-haired young woman whose waist his arms were presently wrapped tightly around weren't doing much to perpetuate his anxious mood either. What did predictably manage to dampen the somewhat jovial familial air was the abrupt clearing of the Mellark matriarch's throat as she turned to level an icy glare at the rest of her family. "Honestly! We can at least all try to present some semblance of dignity here. I'd like to think I reared you boys well enough to know how to act like gentlemen at these kinds of occasions," She scoffed out in a harsh whisper. Then, her eye roamed disparagingly over the girl in her first-born's arms and locked with his in disapproval before continuing just as tacitly. "It's bad enough you're making a mockery of our family by parading her in front of the entire district on a day like this. It isn't enough for you that no one in town has set foot in the bakery this whole week since you selfishly made your toasting public knowledge?" Flax's hold on his wife tightened protectively as his jaw set in defiance. He glared right back at his mother, not bothering to keep the spite out of his deep baritone. "Chrys has every right to be here to welcome Peeta home, Mom. She's family now too, whether you like it or not. As for the other Merchants who're avoiding the shop? How long do you figure they can keep that up, huh? We're the only bakery in the district! They're just being obstinate snobs because I didn't marry one of their brain-dead daughters. They'll come around eventually. It's not like they have that much choice in the matter. And, honestly, anyone who takes offense can shove their xenophobic, elitist opinion about who I chose to marry up their-" "FLAX!" Glacial blue eyes darted to lock with the chastising baby blues of his father and the nineteen-year-old respectfully ended his rant there. He pressed a kiss to the temple of his wife who, in turn, looked up to grace him with a brilliant smile, pale silver eyes gleaming with gratitude. The oldest Mellark son's heart jerked at the sight. Chrysanthemum Inglehouse should have been the quintessential Seam middle child in a family of five children. That is, of course, if her eldest brother had not been reaped at the age of twelve at his very first Reaping when Chrys was six and the baby of her family at the time. Unfortunately, the Inglehouses were one of those Seam families that always seamed to have the odds against them at the Reapings and by the time Chrys was ten years old, she'd been promoted to oldest child in her family thanks to her elder sister's name being drawn, as well. By this point, she had two baby brothers and no mother. Her brothers had been twins and her mother hadn't survived bringing them into the world two years previously. Her saving grace was a devoted, loving father who was still strong enough to work in the mines and an amazing natural talent for sewing. Everyone in the Seam knew enough sewing to mend clothes, replace buttons and stitch up worn garments, but few could sew an entire outfit or dress together the way the eldest Inglehouse girl became renowned for being capable of doing. The district tailor in the Town Square was far too expensive for most Seam residents to afford, so Chrys augmented her father's salary and kept her brothers fed by starting a small seamstress business in her home. At first, she'd just fit the dresses girls would rent for their toastings so that they wouldn't look ridiculous in them. She became known for doing an exceptional job at fitting the white rental dresses without having to make a single cut, thus ruining the dress for the next user. This made her very sought after for her services. Eventually, she was able to save up a little to buy the white cotton fabric to make a few of the dresses and started renting them out herself. Since she only needed enough profit to keep herself, her brothers and her father fed, her prices were fairer than the tailor's, as well. This garnered her pretty much all the Seam business when it came to renting toasting dresses by the time she was thirteen. When Chrysanthemum Inglehouse was thirteen, there was a terrible mine collapse in District Twelve. There was an explosion. Many families lost their fathers and mothers in that collapse, but Mr. Inglehouse was one of the few to make it out alive. He did however; receive very serious burns as a result. The district doctor in charge of treating the miners dealt with the burns and declared them non-life-threatening and they likely wouldn't have been if he wouldn't have developed an infection that following autumn. Chrys had taken her father to Mrs. Everdeen, but the healer had determined the infection was already in his bloodstream and beyond her limited ability to contain. Mr. Inglehouse passed away early that winter. In spite of this, Chrys was determined to carry on because really- what other choice did she have? She maintained her brothers fed with her sewing business and bribed the Peacekeepers so they wouldn't take them all to the community home. She survived… and she caught the eye of the baker's eldest son at school. She was a seamstress so she always wore dresses that were in better shape than most Seam girls. She was as thin as all the poorer Twelve residents, but had intelligent, silver eyes and waist-length ebony hair she always tied back in a messy bun. She was in the same year as Kalmia Rosen, another rather popular Seam girl in school and they were close friends. Interestingly, neither girl found it quite as surprising that the baker's oldest son had literally asked them both out simultaneously one day as they walked down the hall of their school together as they'd found the notion of a Merchant asking them out at all. They'd both thought it was some kind of practical joke, but he was completely serious. He'd explained they were both too pretty to pick between so he wanted to get to know both of them if they'd give him the chance. He was actually even upfront with them about the fact that there were another two girls- both Seam- he was currently technically 'dating' in the school. This was Chrysanthemum Inglehouse's first encounter with Flax Mellark and he'd basically offered to make her part of some kind of harem. She slapped him so hard her hand stung for three days after that- she wasn't entirely certain what Flax's jaw was made of- Kalmia did too. She eventually learned, however, the fascinating thing about the Mellarks… they tend to burrow their way under your skin. Flax was funny, charming, non-threatening, comforting, respectful and very, very persistent. Not even Seam boys were like this and in spite of herself and the fact that her best friend was undergoing the exact same metamorphosis, she found herself falling for him. It helped that physically, the boy had more muscle mass than anyone the young seamstress had ever met and he often showed up in his wrestling uniform which showcased every single nook and cranny on the teen's body. She and Kalmia weren't even jealous of each other over him because they all really just hung out together. He made them feel special and appreciated. For the little while he could afford them his attention, they felt a little less awful about their lot in life. Then, when Chrys was fifteen, her world was shattered and not even Flax could help bring it back together- or so she thought at the time. It was an especially harsh winter and what was declared a flu epidemic, spread through the Seam like a wild fire. It seemed to target the elderly and the young specifically. What turned out to be pneumonia took both Chrys' seven-year-old baby brothers. Now she was alone… alone, but still determined to survive. She dragged on, supporting herself with her tesserea and her sewing business. She went to school because it was required of her to do so, but stopped talking to Flax Mellark or Kalmia Rosen or anyone else. She just survived. Then, when she was eighteen and at her very last Reaping, she heard Effie Trinket call out a name that awoke the blood in her veins and reminded her she could still feel, even if what she now felt was agony. Kalmia Rosen had just been reaped. Tears of shame and regret streaked down her face as she saw her once best friend make that sullen march up to the stage, head held high. Unbidden, her eyes darted through the mass of eighteen-year-olds searching for those familiar glacial blues. Once she found them, she was lost to the depths of despair within those beautiful oceanic pools. He'd lost her to the Games. She'd waited ten months to go to him. She'd wanted to see him sooner, but that was selfish. He'd needed to mourn her. She'd needed to mourn her before asking his forgiveness for abandoning them- for allowing her own loss and sorrow to rob them of the few happy years they could have shared together as friends. She waited outside the bakery until she knew his mother was gone and he'd be alone at the counter before she walked in. Once inside, she only remembered fidgeting with her hands awkwardly and staring at the floor for the right way to start that conversation with him for a few seconds before she was engulfed in a suffocating hug. To say she was surprised when he pulled away abruptly only to crush his mouth to hers would be an understatement. Even after three years, though, she found herself responding to him immediately. When they'd finally pulled away for air and he'd gasped out that he needed her, she could only nod in response. She needed him, too. They would help each other heal. Two months later, his baby brother- the pride and joy of Flax Mellark's young life- was reaped. But, now she was there to help him through it. She was there with him and Rye in the Town Square every night of the Games, holding his hand as they watched Peeta use guile to try to save the girl he loved. She agonized with him as