I can turn it on, be a good machine. I can hold the weight of worlds if that's what you need, be your everything. I can do. I can do it. I'll get through it… But I'm only human and I bleed when I fall down. I'm only human and I crash and I break down. I'm only human… I'm only human… Just a little human. ~Human by Christina Perri The heat was searing, blinding to the point of distraction, even from his vantage point eighty yards away in the woodland reserve that flanked the structure. Good. That would keep both the newly arriving fire trucks and bevy of emergency personnel sufficiently engaged with taming the inferno at the front of the building to notice the silhouette approach the rear. Fanfare was not especially warranted when one barreled into a flaming house, protected only by their own sweat drenched jeans and sweater, soul-searing fear and enough adrenaline to kick start an elephant's heart. The first responders would never find her in time. They didn't even know she was there. And he was definitely not going to waist precious seconds she did not have explaining why they had to forego saving a two-story, century old home everyone had every reason to believe to be empty for the sake of finding a single girl who should not be there. Questions were not his allies in the best of circumstances. No answers he could offer would garner anything beyond further questions. Few could possibly understand even if he explained in length. He didn't have time for that. She didn't have time for that. God, how could he have let this happen? He barely registered anything between the coppice and the storm doors, not the effort it took to climb the chain link fence, not the sprint to the home, not the blistering heat. Nothing could register. He would allow nothing to deter. He needed to get to her. He was infinitely grateful the metal pad lock on the heavy wooden doors was still fairly cool to the touch as he yanked it with a strength he was glad there were no spectators to witness he possessed. Yet another thing he did not need to explain. Moisture flooded his eyes (he wouldn't even delude himself into pretending it was due to the smoke surrounding him) as he gripped the wooden handles on the doors and pulled with far more strength than the task demanded, venting some of the frustrated rage coursing through his veins. The doors tore clean off their hinges and flew several yards to either side, the groan of their impact against the lawn echoing his own guttural moan. Twenty-one hours. He'd allowed her to go missing an entire day without a word, a text, a call. Yes, she liked to unplug, disconnect. She was a wild child. She was a thing of the woods, of the stream, of the earth. But she never, never went more than a few hours without letting him know where she was. This wasn't the bloody eighteenth century. If one were going off into the wilderness, one let someone know. Katniss always let him know. She was smart, his girl. So smart, so careful. This time had been no different. He'd gotten her text the previous morning, letting him know she was heading out on a quick hunt before finals to 'clear her head'. Her life for the last six weeks had consisted of nothing beyond full emersion studying and her six-hour a day, five days a week receptionist job at a local insurance agency. The job was a godsend, the only way she'd managed to finally earn enough to transfer out of community college to join him at his university for their last two years and make enough to split the rent on this place within walking distance of school with five other girls. He wiped the moisture from his eyes with the back of his sweater sleeve, trying to clear his vision in the escalating haze of smoke and inadvertently smeared the soot that had mixed with perspiration there. Freeing the flashlight he kept in the dash of his car for emergencies from his jeans' pocket, he swallowed dryly, leveling the strong beam of light into dark space of smoke-filled storm shelter. He concentrated to the very limits of his abilities, reached out with his senses, willing his psyche to perceive her, anything of her. It was like testing a muscle. It was also a long shot. He knew what he'd seen, but he still tried. He had to try… for her. Of their own accord, his thoughts wondered back to the events earlier that day that led him to this moment- the moment he might find the woman he loved dead in that burning pit. ~x~x~x~x~x~ " What do you mean you haven't seen her, Jo? You freaking sleep in the same room!" he huffed into his phone, exasperated. " She's a big girl, Peeta. She left yesterday morning came back reeking of death and said she was going to tan the skins after she cleaned the… things… she murdered. As if we can't afford enough groceries or something." Peeta could hear the contempt in the brunette's voice. "I refuse to eat anything she brings in, you know. She can eat fried squirrel all she wants. I ain't country enough for that mess. Leave me with my Ramen noodles, thank you." He ran a hand roughly through his hair, bringing the phone down to see the time on the display. Eleven thirty-seven in the morning. It'd been sixteen hours since he'd last heard from Katniss. It felt wrong. Something was wrong. And he still had two more hours of drill practice before he could go over to her place to check anything out. With a defeated sigh, he relented, "Okay, Jo. I'll be by later, see if she's home. Maybe, she dropped her phone in the lake again…" " Oh, you won't find anyone here later, bread boy. We're all heading out to the Sigma House pool party. Katniss is supposed to join there. But, knowing her, she'll totally ditch unless you plan on making an appearance." He fought the urge to swear. "Everyone's going to be there?" Katniss had only been living in the house two months. Beyond Johanna, he really only knew her cohabiters in passing. He was sure Katniss only considered the other girls acquaintances herself. She'd never been one to fraternize beyond what was absolutely necessary. He wasn't particularly introverted, quite the opposite, but his… ever-developing idiosyncrasies made the prospect of being swallowed in a crowd of emotionally uninhibited idiots beyond unappealing. And he'd have to depend on Jo to point out which of the gaggle of barely coherent co-eds were her roommates so he could hopefully get a handle on where his girlfriend could be. That was going to be wonderful. He let out a slow breath. "Fine. I'll see you there. Just, call me if you see her first, okay?" He threw the phone into his duffle bag under the bench and strapped his helmet back on, trying to ignore the coach's barrage from the field about how long he'd taken, failing miserably to ignore the sinking feeling in his gut. o-o-o-o-o One would think he'd be used to how aggravating full emersion in a sea of his own demographic at their most guileless could get. He'd certainly spent enough hours in crowded auditoriums during lectures carefully constructing mental barriers instead of listening to instructors just for the purpose of keeping his sanity in these scenarios. But lord knew, if one more drunken, clad-in-far-too-little girl, barreled into him and attempted to ram a debased visual of what she idealized he looked like beneath his clothes through his skull… he was going to freaking lose it. And where was Johanna? He'd been in this nightmare for well over an hour, gone through each of the twenty rooms and six bathrooms on both stories of the building the fraternity claimed as home, searching out the pixie-haired Latina. All the while, his skin tangibly burning from the sensory overload doled out by the dozens of students crammed into every corner- dancing, drinking, gyrating, and generally acting like idiots. It was testing the limits of his sanity. Well, that, and he couldn't shake the feeling of being watched. No, it wasn't just being watched, exactly. It was as if someone were tagging him, pursuing him. He'd caught himself staring over his shoulder more than once, never to find the same person behind him. Not that there was much chance for that in that ridiculously cramped house. People barely had space to move. But he kept feeling… a presence – no, not a presence, more like a sensation – following him from the moment he set foot in the house. It felt…jumbled, segmented, as if it couldn't settle on a feeling. Sometimes it felt oppressive, suffocating. Sometimes it felt anxious, angry- sometimes it felt exuberant, excited. He couldn't put a finger on what it meant. Whatever it was, whoever it was, he was not getting close enough to get a proper reading on them. They were just radiating far stronger than everyone else there. He'd yet to meet someone strong enough to transcend an entire crowd of emotional and physiological disarray to penetrate his own defenses this way. Were he not there for such a somber, urgent purpose, he'd be fascinated to seek whomever this was out. " Hey, Blondie. Looking for someone?" He flinched reflexively when Jo whispered seductively in his ear, wrapping him in a hug from behind. He was just too wound up. He'd apologized later. " God, Jo," he huffed heatedly, shrugging her off and spinning to pin her with an icy glare. "Where have you been? It's been an hour. Katniss isn't here. Has she called you?" Momentarily ignoring the last part of his question, the short brunette returned his scowl, crossing her arms. "I have a life of my own, Mellark. I had to pick him," she threw her thumb over her shoulder in gesture toward the foyer, where Peeta saw Gale Hawthorne greeting some people, "at the airport. Excuse me if I'd rather hang out with a hot dude than babysit your girlfriend. And, back up a second, what do you mean, she's not here?" Peeta ignored her completely barreling past toward Gale. He excused himself as he cut into the conversation the older man was attempting to have with a barely cogent frat guy. " Gale, has Katniss contacted you? She went hunting yesterday morning, Jo says she came home some time around noon and no one seems to know what happened after that." Gale's eyes immediately flitted behind him to where he felt Johanna had sidled, an accusatory edge to them as he answered truthfully, "I've been in transit for the last six hours between waiting at the airport and the flight here. Before that, I was either packing or asleep. This trip was supposed to be a surprise for my best and soon to be ex-girlfriend." He shot another withering glare at Jo. Peeta could feel her stiffen beside him as Gale continued, "Do you really believe I'd come to a stupid party if I knew she was missing? Who saw her last?" With the three of them together, it took all of fifteen minutes to round up Katniss's other roommates. One hadn't seen her since the previous Friday, none had seen her since she'd gone hunting but Jo, and she'd only seen her when she'd stopped by the room for a quick change out of her hunting gear into something more casual to wear around the house. It didn't make any sense. Peeta was just about ready to thank Johanna and Gale and call it a night, head to the police station and file a formal missing person's report when he saw her. She was staring dead at him with large,