A/N: After a recent discussion with another fic writer, I decided to write this. I do not write many songfics. I find them… cheesy?*giggles* But this song is just too fitting not to write into a fic about how the relationships we witness as children affect our interactions as adults. Disclaimer: The Hunger Games and all the characters in this fic are the property of Suzanne Collins. 'Because of You' belongs to Kelly Clarkson, her production label and anyone else who makes money off this song. I certainly do not. I'm only doing this for kicks. Enjoy! ' You're really one pathetic excuse for a coward ', the sixteen-year-old frowned at the face staring back in the mirror. Portia and his prep team had once again outdone themselves. Not an ash blonde hair out of place. It was impossible to tell they'd applied any make up at all, likely because they'd used so little. Portia'd insisted his facial bone structure was simply too spectacular to need more than basic pale rouge highlighting to glow on stage- whatever that meant. His suit was one of the most comfortable things he'd ever worn, the fabric so light and breathable it felt as if he was wearing nothing at all. Although, Portia had made some disparaging comment about the accents not doing justice to the iridescent azure in his eyes, she'd huffed and shrugged it off easily, adding that he was handsome enough to pull it off... and he and Katniss would only further showcase each other's grandeur dressed this way. The meaning behind his quirky designer's parting comment wasn't clear to him. He'd yet to catch a glimpse of his district partner at all that day and hadn't been graced by her company much of the previous day, as she'd made her disdain for him pointedly clear the moment Haymitch had stated his intent to be coached separately for the interviews. It was an admittedly pusillanimous and yet inherently necessary decision if he was to go through with what he'd planned. He didn't really know her beyond his observations of her through the years and the few awkward and somewhat forced words he'd managed to wrangle out of her over the past few days since they'd been reaped, but he knew enough to know she'd misinterpreted his request for isolation as some sort of personal offense against her. He'd witnessed her harden, grow distant, distrusting of others after her father's death. He was fairly certain she hated him or was planning the best way to kill him this point. Probably both. He could live however short a time he had with that. At least, if it meant she got to live the rest of her life resenting him for it, anyway. The teen let out a frustrated breath, fighting the urge to run his hand through his perfectly styled hair. Truth was he hated that Katniss was still in the dark. He hated that she hated him . But, regardless the effort expanded in this singular feat, he could not find it within to tell her how he felt beforehand- not when it meant finding the words while losing himself in those infinite steel eyes. He'd unsuccessfully tried for over a decade, after all. From the age of five, a fleeting glance from her rendered what he'd known since he'd gain the ability for speech to be an impressive gift for eloquence completely useless. Yes. He was a coward. He'd be an arrogant blowhard not to admit it. Almost as far as he could remember, every time he tried to confront her with his feelings, something dark interloped… stifled... choked. Even moments prior, when the mocha-skinned Capitolite woman mentioned the Seam huntress' name, he felt that twinge of apprehension, of yes, fear, that had become as familiar to him as an old friend, twist at his gut. And now, as he continued to stare at his immaculate reflection, he found the emotion inexorably transporting him back to that first time he'd been resolved to tell the healer's daughter exactly how he felt about her. He could feel his pulse thrum stronger in his veins at the mere recollection. He'd been a very young child. It'd been his very first day of kindergarten. His father had pointed out the most amazing, most beautiful girl in the entire universe to him and he was going to marry her. Only problem was- she wasn't in his class. She was in the other kindergarten class. But, he'd been resolved not to let that stop him. He was going to marry the pretty, dark-haired girl with the voice that made the birds stop singing. He'd run all the way home ahead of his older brothers, ignoring Flax's frantic admonitions for him to slow down before he hurt himself. He couldn't be bothered with the threat of a scraped knee when his future love life hung in the balance, after all. He'd had a plan. If he couldn't talk to her at school, he'd ask his dad to take him to her house. He knew her mom, right? That meant his dad knew where she lived. He could get him to her and he'd tell her he loved her and when they got big enough, they'd be together. So ecstatic was he when he'd dashed through the front door of his family's bakery, he'd failed to notice the odd fact the counter had been unattended. He just swooped under it as he'd always done; making a beeline for the kitchen until he was stopped by the enraged voice that rang clear through the doorway. He'd frozen at the sheer agonized indignation that tinged his mother's inflection. He'd heard her raising her voice plenty of times, but it'd never sounded like that. "How did you honestly think I'd react to you telling me you showed my son who that woman's filthy child is? What did you tell him about her? Don't touch me! Don't even come near me. Just answer me!" Peeta'd backed away from the door confused, turning to see his older brothers entering the shop. Flax had immediately locked the door and flipped the sign to 'closed' before grabbing Rye's hand and roughly pulling him under the counter to where their baby brother stood gaping horrified at the things he was hearing from within the kitchen. The eldest of the Mellark boys had maneuvered his younger siblings to a corner behind the counter and slumped down, each of them curled into his side. Rye'd held both hands adamantly to his ears, but Peeta was too transfixed by the words his mother vociferated to have the good sense to protect himself from the influx. "Did you tell him you're still in love with her? Did you tell him she rejected you and that's why you settled for me?" Suddenly, they'd heard something crash (or maybe it was thrown) and jumped in unison at the abrupt clatter. "How did you spin that one, huh? How did you explain to your five-year-old that you don't love his mother? I told you not to touch me!" At this point, her voice had been breaking with the tears the boys could almost visualize flowing down her pallid cheeks freely. They'd heard some violent shuffling and what sounded like grunting before their father's decidedly softer voice had rung through, obviously trying to placate her. "I've never been unfaithful to you. I take care of you and our boys. I will never abandon you. How much more would you ask of a loyal husband?" They'd heard the violent shuffling again, then the sound of footfalls violently stomping away up the stairs, followed by the dejected, mournful near wail, "I would ask the love that's due a wife from her husband, the love I stupidly believed was my right the day you agreed to our toasting… my mistake." When his father had exited the kitchen a few moments later with that broken, despairing glaze to his eyes and looked down upon the three of them bundled together in that corner, he'd immediately enfolded them in his massive arms. He'd murmured nearly incoherent apologies for things none of them really understood. By the time his father's released them to go re-open the shop, tears had been streaming down Peeta's plump little cheeks and he didn't know why. But, that strange churning feeling had begun in his tummy whenever he thought of telling his father he liked the pretty girl with the two braids he'd pointed out in school that day. He decided to wait a little while and find out where Katniss lived on his own. Portia and his team finished with him far too early for his taste and sanity, the sixteen-year-old mused ruefully, trying in vain to block out the onslaught of unwelcome reminiscing that seemed bent on domineering his psyche. The preps always joked he was too pretty to need much work as opposed to Katniss, who was such a train wreck, a day was barely sufficient to make her presentable. He wholeheartedly disagreed, of course. He'd believed her beautiful long before anyone Capitol had laid a finger on her. However, the standards here were ridiculous and apparently, torture was required to make women what these people considered attractive. He loathed that he had so much solitary time today. Too much time translated into malapropos ruminations of what he intended during that interview in a few hours. It meant he had to come to terms with his decisions. It meant he had to remember things, people; circumstances he'd all the sooner prefer were locked away in whatever dark recess of his mind his nightmares inhabited. He stared out his strange 'window' (or whatever the high-tech glass projector that resembled a window in his room was, anyway) at the Capitol people excitedly going along their daily lives and found his mind wandering back to the one time he'd built up the courage to do what was right by the girl he cared about more than anything. He'd seen her wilting down to skin and bones for weeks in school. He couldn't allow her to die, but he was at a loss as to how to help her. Sneaking food from the bakery was impossible. His mother kept the inventory and watched them like a hawk as they ate so they could never sneak table scraps, not that they had enough to spare. But, he would've eaten every other day if it meant she lived. It'd been Rye's turn to work the ovens that afternoon, but he had to study for some math test and begged him to switch shifts with him. He was failing the class and failing a class meant, their mother would light up his older brother's hide to the point he wouldn't be able to show his face or likely move right for days. The decision took Peeta all of a quarter second to make. He was stoking the coals in the ovens when he heard the commotion coming from outside. He was going to ignore it at first. His mother going on a tangent was hardly front-page news. He just felt sorry for the poor bastard who'd fallen victim to the woman's razor sharp tongue. Then, he caught wind of some really nasty things she was screaming about the Seam and his stomach turned. Those people had it rough enough without being maligned by an embittered hag. Wiping his hands on a clean rag, he made his way to the back door with the intention of making some random excuse to gain his mother's attention. Maybe, that would allow whoever she was accosting a chance to make an escape. It was a good thing whatever his mother had said to her had her swiftly replacing the lid to their trash bin and hastily if wobbly backing away from their back door in the direction of their pigpen, where she slumped against their tree, because he was frozen in place the