At times, what we want most is not something for ourselves, but for that one person we most love to achieve their ultimate desire. Katniss Everdeen wants more than anything for the person she most cares for to achieve her most cherished goal and she's willing to go to all depths, withstand any hardships to make it happen... Even cheerleading. Written For Round 5 Day 7 of PROMPTS IN PANEM on TUMBLR. LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS: Jonquil - Desire I am taking creative licenses in this that may be beyond what is acceptable to AACCA regulations. Disclaimer: The Hunger Games and all the characters in this fic are the property of Suzanne Collins . Panem General's board of directors were nothing but a gaggle of self-absorbed, self-deluded blowhards, completely in denial about what was truly valuable when it came to quality of care to patients. She'd love to see one of the three insipid surgeons on that committee attempt a procedure without her mother there to babysit them through it. But, what was their answer to the need for budget cuts that fiscal year? Was it forgoing their own massive raises (because God forbid they suffer another year driving the same Benz)? No. They slashed the overtime for the entire nursing staff. Her mother wasn't even allowed to pick up extra shifts anymore. Lord knew the woman had tried. It wasn't as if spending the extra time at home was especially appealing to her. If it weren't for the constant distraction that hospital had afforded for the past five years, Katniss was sure her mother would be institutionalized on suicide watch. One could only expect Prozac to take a person so far. It wasn't a miracle. Maybe, they could find her some volunteer work at an old folk's home or something to fill the extra hours. Anything to keep her out of the house and out of her own head. But that'd need to wait for later. Right now, the teenager had more pressing matters to resolve. With an annoyed outtake of breath, she scouted the surrounding unfamiliar hallway and doorways, zeroing in on the numbers on the entryways. She glanced down at the map of the school the counselor, Miss Trinket, had provided, which featured a bold red line from her office to the gymnasium. For about the thousandth time since the overly exuberant woman had proposed this idea to her, she found the corner of her upper lip hitching up into an inadvertent sneer, her brow pinching together into a wince. ' Oh, how the mighty had fallen ', she mused derisively. Never in a million years would her Pa have figured this is what she'd be doing eleven years after that first day he plucked her from that branch on that old oak behind their house, strapped her to the back seat of his jeep and drove her to Mrs. Seeder's. "We can't keep her out the trees," the steel-eyed man told the lovely dark-skinned gymnastics instructor as he fought a losing battle to rein in the four-year-old struggling to break out of his grasp and make a dash for the shiny trampoline just three yards away. "I'd be much obliged if you teach her to climb proper. You know, so she's less likely to break her neck doing it? Don't think I have me much of a little lady here anyway. May as well make her as tough as possible." Katniss choked back the sob that itched the back of her throat, swiftly running the sleeve of her jacket across her eyes to make sure none of the moisture she'd felt threatening could escape. There was no point to that. No point, at all. She was supposed to be cheerful for this, right? Bull… "Hello?" she shouted, pushing the heavy steel door open. Her voice echoed across the massive high-ceilinged room due to its emptiness. She had to take several steps inside the mostly darkened space and round the bleacher before she saw the long collapsible table set up at the opposite end of the gym. Four girls and two guys sat behind it, all engrossed in their own conversations and completely ignoring her progress into the darkened gymnasium. Only one of them she recognized immediately and, then, merely because her best friend had made a conscientious point of highlighting her the instant he'd dropped her off that morning before heading off to his morning class. He'd made some inappropriate and completely uncharacteristic frat boy comment about playing wingman on his behalf to get her number that had her rolling her eyes to the point of strain and wondering how bad an influence college was being on him. From this close, she could appreciate the appeal, though. She was the student council president and, seemingly, the living proof actual human replicas of Malibu Barbie were alive and thriving in this universe. Her perfectly round, symmetrical breasts even looked real. For some inexplicable reason, she immediately felt an unwarranted compunction to loathe Madge Undersee. Guilt instantly followed, of course. She had the moral fiber to realize how shallow and petty disliking someone she knew absolutely nothing about on the grounds of superlative physical attributes was. Still, she couldn't help wonder how many girls she automatically instilled this ill will in the moment they met her. Oh well, pitfalls of being disgustingly gorgeous. Boo-bloody-hoo. Her sex were vicious creatures at this hormonal stage of development. Case in point: the conversation she walked in on as she stepped into the patch of sunlight directly in front of the table (obviously all the overhead windows but this one set had been closed to create this spotlight effect), making her presence too conspicuous to ignore. "…can't with you, Clove. Seriously? My body is a far more realistic representation of the archetypical student body than anyone else's on the squad. How dare you," the admittedly lumpy girl with the strawberry blonde curls tucked into a messy bun, snarled at a brunette sitting two seats away, chuckling. "It was just a suggestion, Dell. Pre-qualifiers for Regionals are a month off. You could stand to lay off the carbs for a while. Take one for the team, you know?" another disinterested looking blonde supplied, staring at her nails. "That's enough, Clove, Glimmer. This isn't producti-" Madge attempted before being cut off by the imposing, dark skinned boy all the way at the end of the table with his fingers interlaced. "Shoot, ain't a thing wrong with a little junk in that trunk. Dell looks just fine to me." "Watch it, Thresh," the red-head sitting between the two catty girls and who Katniss had to figure a demigod of some sort - because, really, who looked like that outside a Marvel comic book? - grinned impishly at the larger boy. "I happen to know Rue's not into sharing." "Looks fine to chubby chasers like you and Thom, anyway… and maybe bread boy," the brunette shared a cackle with the aloof blonde. The fuller toe head brought her hands down on the table hard, blatantly fuming as she came to her feet to glare at the other girl, "Screw you, Clove. There's nothing wrong with the way I look. I'm beautiful and healthy and confident. And if trying to bring me down is the only way you can bring yourself up, you're just hideous, inside and out. And insinuating he's doing this for any reason beyond the fact that he loves me like a sister… it's just sick, you f-" "Excuse me!" She had to put an end to this. Gale was likely waiting outside and had no idea she was stuck in this vortex of inanity. Likely, he'd laugh his head off and taunt her endlessly the moment she told him. It's not like she could avoid it. He was her ride to practice if she got in. She really needed a car, but the prospect of that seemed bleaker and bleaker by the day. "Katniss Everdeen. Miss Trinket sent me here to audition, said you'd lost someone to an accident and another just quit on you?" As if choreographed (and likely because they were so in synch with each other) all heads turned to face her at once, but only Madge spoke, one perfectly contoured eyebrow arched upward curiously. "Jo and Blight were a team deal… Katniss, was it? She has a compound fracture of her right fibula, had a nasty fall off the top of a pyramid, landed in the worst possible way. She had to get surgery and has twelve pins in her leg. Her career's done, likely for good. No one ever really comes back from something like that. The irreparable psychological scar affects confidence, you understand? Blight's a senior. This would've been his last year either way and he decided his time was better served in support of his girlfriend right now as opposed to breaking in her replacement on the squad. We support and respect his decision, but we have a legitimate shot at a threepeat as National champions." "Under normal circumstances, we do not accept new members this late into the season. We are entertaining these auditions to find a suitable replacement to patch us over for the remainder of the season and figured we'd build a little depth to the team as long as we had use of the gym time- for in case another injury happens. Your acceptance at this time is not compulsory acceptance into the squad beyond unless you proof your worth, otherwise. Do you understand these terms?" "You're desperate. Read you loud and clear," the steel-eyed girl scoffed, immediately defensive that this girl who knew nothing about her instantly assumed she couldn't cut it on their team. The nerve. The way all demeanors staring back at her twisted from varying degrees of sobriety to open disdain, gave her a good idea she shouldn't be expecting Facebook friend requests from any of these people any time in the foreseeable future. "Well," the future blonde Real Housewife of Whatever candidate spit without bothering hiding her derision, "Then, you'll understand why under these circumstances we cannot afford to entertain anyone who cannot do a standing back tuck." Out the corner of her eye, Katniss saw the strawberry blonde's hand shoot sideways to grab Madge's in alarm. She heard her whisper harshly to the other girl, "What? Peeta can't do th-" Madge's hand quickly came up to stifle her, but she could feel the girl's cornflower eyes remained trained on her expectantly. Shrugging nonchalantly as if the exchange had escaped her notice (not that it made any difference to her in any case), Katniss shrugged out of her father's hunting jacket and swung it at the hardwood floor so that she remained in just a tank top and khaki carpenter pants. In a practiced move she'd made hundreds of times in her life, she bent at the knees, positioning her arms for a backflip before propelling herself backwards. A quick contact with the wood floor assisted in completing the first flip. The instant the balls of her feet touched the floor, she used the spring momentum to flip her body upwards and backwards once more, sticking the landing perfectly. "Jesus Christ!" Katniss wasn't sure which one of the guys that came from. She was too busy bestowing her most self-righteous smirk on the toxic pair of elitists busying themselves with picking their lip gloss laden jaws from the floor. She knew a perfectly executed flip when she'd achieved it and that was definitely it. "Oh, my god, yes. Her. You. Yes. I want." The strawberry blonde was squealing, literally bouncing in her chair, clapping her hands beyond coherence with buoyancy. Katniss couldn't help scowl at her bubbliness. Was she going to piss herself? That much cheerfulness had to be detrimental to her health. "Chill, Dell," the dark haired girl snarled in obvious irritation at the peppy blonde. "We're selling an image here," She turned a challenging leer back