Eggs. Romaine lettuce. …Salad dressing… Ugh! Milk. Definitely, she'd used the last drop on her overly dry cereal that morning. Speaking of which… Cereal. She could not leave out the basic survival staple of absentee-caregiver-imposed self-sufficiency, not when it came tragically paired with but the most rudimentary of culinary skills. That'd be tantamount to forgetting Pop Tarts. Huh. Pop Tarts. Mac & Cheese. Pasta. And… And… Christ! What else was it her mother had asked her to get at Dalton's after school? Thanks to the flu bug running rampant through town, the woman had been pulling double shifts twice a week for a month. Now her child was going to starve because Katniss couldn't be trusted to focus long enough to remember the grocery list her barely-awake mother had coaxed out over the phone that morning. A hissed breath rushed out through the bottom row of teeth mutilating her upper lip. The resulting breeze propelled that stubborn strip of hair that always found its way out of her braid straight into her right eye. She quickly tucked the offending strands behind her ear. As continuation to the gesture, her face lifted, her pewter eyes listing away from the impromptu grocery list scribbled onto the margins of her Algebra notebook (in lieu of actual notes, because heaven forbid she could actually focus on Ms. Atala's lecture). They settled on the large pane glass window over her left shoulder. Ominous swirls of dusty gray, coal and navy collided, tingeing the midafternoon sky a false twilight. The charged air coated her tongue with a coppery tang—not so much unpleasant as peculiar—and coaxed the fine hairs on her arms, and at the nape of her neck, to spike in anticipation. For the nth time in the last few years, Katniss could not help wonder, 'In anticipation of what?' The bridge of her nose wrinkled as she glared at the increasingly threatening atmosphere beyond the glass. She couldn't place when she'd become aware of it, as far as she could remember, it had started sometime between the middle of fifth grade and the start of sixth. No one could fault her recollection of those months for their obscurity. Right around that same time, she'd had her world upended. It had crept in slowly, unnoticeable, until it was too acute to ignore: the odd, expectant… anxiety, whenever a storm threatened. It horripilated her skin and knotted her insides. Over the last eighteen months or so, the sensation had sharpened to a level where she could discern minute differences between one storm and the last, things like severity, motion… duration. It made her wonder at times if maybe Dr. Aurelius was onto something when he'd told her that, statistically, children who'd suffered traumatic loss at a young age were much more likely to develop other neuroses. Maybe, she was going insane, her unbalanced brain volunteering false realities as a warped coping mechanism to her father blasting himself unrecognizable in a freak lab accident. But… she didn't feel unstable. Not that she entertained the theory that psychotic people were aware of their insanity. She could very well have been certifiable and blissfully unaware. But, about ninety-five percent of the time... she felt perfectly normal . It was just that remaining five percent…when she sensed storms. Or, something within them, anyway... pulling at some unexplored nook inside her… something that wanted out during storms. Yeah, that would never feature among the topics of discussion at the monthly psychiatric sessions she'd been subjected to since she was eleven, courtesy of her father's overtly magnanimous employer's ridiculously comprehensive life insurance plan. Time seemed to lose all sway on her as she glared out the window, her reverie snapping only when a decidedly different—and about just as familiar—paresthesia swept over her, forcing her eyes away. They narrowed upon landing on the boy whose desk stood at the front of the three-table row opposite to hers. The only indication she got—the only indication there ever was —that Peeta Mellark's sapphire gaze had been on her, was the subtle shift of curls settling over his golden brows; which, at that moment, pinched in an impressive show of looking enthralled in his note taking. A slow breath escaped Katniss's flared nostrils. Tribute High School prided itself in being progressive and the seating arrangement in the classrooms spoke to that. Instead of having row after row of seats, lined one behind the next; the seating was arranged into five rows of three desks on either side of the space. The opposing rows faced each other, separated by a five foot wide lane that ranged from the teacher's desk at the front, to the back wall. This allowed the instructors to pace the length of the room as they spoke. In theory, the arrangement encouraged better surveillance of the learning environment. Katniss had considered all that at the start of the school year. She'd chosen the most remote seat in the classroom (her custom in every class). Her desk sat tucked in the furthest corner from the door, at the end of her three-table row. The location had appeared the most conducive to a measure of solitude and seclusion—just as she liked it. However, because the single Honors Algebra class only had nineteen students, the first and middle seat in her row stood unoccupied. This left her with an unobstructed view of Peeta. And he, in turn, had the same vantage. She often tested the limits of her fraying sanity toughing out the mechanics of that. Logistically, the odds of Peeta—or anyone, for that matter—finding a seat with an unimpeded view of her should have been a near null. But, forfeiting unlikelihood, there they were. And this phenomena wasn't isolated to third period, either. In the other two classes they shared in the course the school day, he'd claimed desks at the head of their respective rows (because, yeah, he was a total teacher's pet), with the most improbable of angles, bizarrely placing him at almost perfect line of sight to her. It wasn't just his obtrusive position that galled her; it was how unbalanced the arrangement left her. She was aware his seating choice could have been completely coincidental, which made her feel pompous and foolish for thinking she'd had any bearing on it. But, then she'd feel his eyes on her and the frustrating doubts would seep in. It shouldn't have bothered her. It wasn't as if everyone didn't feel entitled to gape at her... all the time. She was quite the novelty. In a town of less than three thousand, where everyone said 'hello', 'good morning' and 'good evening' to everyone they crossed because everyone knew each other… she was a social outcast. The sullen girl who couldn't bother with congeniality, whose resting expression was perpetually etched in a scowl. The whispered comments were impossible to ignore: "Such a lovely girl, if only she'd smile…" "It's been years, why is she still so forlorn?" "Surely, in a community like ours, there should be a medicinal solution to her antipathy…" Ugh! Still, she did take issue with where Peeta Mellark chose to sit. It aggravated her that his glare infringed on her awareness whenever the urge struck him, but she'd never once caught him when she'd flinch his way, no matter how fast she was. And it vexed her that she couldn't decipher why he chose to torment her. Was he trying to drive her mad? Was the town's bane really so fascinating? Katniss couldn't fathom another explanation for his interest, not when he'd made every effort to avoid speaking to her for years… ever since the fever. And that had been a decade before. When all but a few of the then-fledgling scientific community's children under the age of of eight had fallen ill and never recovered, Katniss and Peeta had barely been older than toddlers, a couple of years removed from mastering speech. That was what had made the illness so cruel. It had targeted almost exclusively the very young. Even the few pregnancies in progress when the fever struck were lost to miscarriage or early term stillbirth. Only one adult victim had been lost to it: Peeta's mother. Once the blight had run its course, Peeta's father, CapCorp Laboratory's head of research and one of the country's foremost gifted bioengineers, retired at the unimaginable age of thirty-three. Grief-stricken, he took over one of the shops in the town square that predated the fabrication of the sprawling research center: his parents' bakery. The only one in town. Katniss wondered if that was why Peeta fixated on her. Did he blame her for that? Did he think his father's breakdown was her fault? Did he resent her for surviving when his mother had not? ' Well' , Katniss scoffed inwardly. 'If that's how he feels... he should blame his brothers, too.' That notion, even in passing, only succeeded in triggering a swift bout of grief and guilt, however. Because it hadn't been a seven and six-year-old's fault that disease had ravaged their little town, leaving a death toll of dozens—mostly infants and toddlers. And it hadn't been Peeta's fault... or his father's—in stark contradiction to what the grieving parents had insinuated after the tragedy, when the scientist failed to save the bulk of the town's children but somehow miraculously had his own boys pull through. And it certainly hadn't been Katniss's fault. But Peeta made figuring out any motives beyond those impossible. Outwardly, he showed no signs the trauma of his early life had damaged him. Not even after his father pulled him and his brothers out of school, home tutoring them until the boys' protests became so that he'd had to allow them to rejoin the public schooling system when they reached middle school age. It had taken only weeks for CapCorp to replace (and even add to) the many distraught researchers who'd deserted after the fever swept through. Most in the science field would have given anything for the honor of a position at Twelve Glades. And the greenhorns brought their families—hundreds of new children. Katniss had grown up, studied and played with many of them—until her father's accident, anyway. Peeta had been as gregarious as ever from the moment their sixth grade teacher had introduced him to the class—the new kid in their grade who almost no one knew because they had migrated to town after he'd left. His charisma—punctuated by a dimpled, disarming smile—forced even the most reticent of wallflowers to migrate toward him, enticed by the warmth he radiated. Within weeks, he was a welcome fixture in every clique, always surrounded by friends, telling jokes in the hallways between classes. Of course, he never smiled at Katniss . The few time's she'd caught his eye in the halls, always at unguarded moments, he'd lowered his gaze, blue eyes quickly dashing away to volunteer a witty retort to whatever someone in the group around him had said. Then they'd all burst into laughter. No, he didn't share his warmth with her. She was only spared the radiated heat of clandestine glances. The kind she could neither confirm nor ignore. Because Peeta obviously did not find her worthy of more than the kind of furtive glimpses not even he wanted to acknowledge. Well, she didn't need his gawking. She didn't need his judgment or his ambiguous contempt, and she definitely didn't need his smiles. Because, when all was said and done, Peeta Mellark was nothing to her. ~~~O~~~ In Twelve Glades, the longest it took to get anywhere on foot was an hour. And that was a slow foot. Driving, one had to venture forty miles south to reach the middle of nowhere, otherwise known as Crayston, the next closest of the same kind of Podunk town. Which was only marginally bigger because it boasted a Target® and a half dozen car dealerships. And the only megaplex for a few dozen more miles. Heading north led straight into the mountains, which