A/N: Still not the biggest fan of AU's out here, but they're very slowly growing on me. I was watching this movie today for the nth time and just remembered how brilliant I find this plot, so I figured I'd try to mold it into an Everlark. Don't know if it will work and lord knows how often I'll be able to update, but this stupid plot bunny needed out of my head. So, here it is. Enjoy! Disclaimer: The Hunger Games and all the characters in this fic are the property of Suzanne Collins. 'Unbreakable' is the brainchild of M. Knight Shyamalan's and property of whatever studio made the movie. I make no money off any of this so don't sue. It was too bright. Unnaturally bright. The light was choking him. No. Wait. It was blinding him… and suffocating him. That shouldn't be right. Disoriented, he brought a hand up to squeeze the bridge of his nose. He squinted his eyes to slits in an attempt to focus better, simultaneously choking out a series of strangled coughs. Neither the new narrowed perspective nor the moisture that flooded his eyes at his lungs' inability to oxygenate fully helped him see through the morphing cloud of hazy brilliant yellow white that apparently cocooned him. It appeared impenetrably dense and encroaching, menacing, smothering. Through his dazed confusion, he attempted to keep calm, focused. Whatever the blinding haze that surrounded him was, it was obviously affecting his cognitive function- and his mobility. He tried taking shallow breaths through his nose to stifle his coughing fit and closed his eyes to assess his situation. He could move his right hand. That he knew because he'd just rubbed his face with it. His other arm felt weighed down by something his impaired vision made impossible to identify. But, he wiggled his fingers, tentatively. Yup. He definitely still had a left arm. He frowned. Why would he think he'd be missing his arm? That was a randomly silly thing to think, wasn't it? Apprehension, the source of which he could not fathom, started coiling in the pit of his stomach as he continued his evaluation of his current condition. He was prone, somewhat. At least, it felt like he was horizontal, or at the very least, he was on his back, reclining over something slanted at a steep angle. His feet were dangling off it, whatever it was, from his knees down, and his right leg arched out at an uncomfortable angle. Realizing this, he tried readjusting it and registered for the first time the obstruction between his legs, impeding his movement. The object in question was heavy – stiflingly heavy – and it weighed down on the lower half of his body at least to his lower ribcage. It didn't feel like it was crushing him and he was not in any particular discomfort from it, unless one counted a serious case of leg falling asleep discomfort, but he was impossibly pinned. Once again, when he opened his eyes and let them travel downward to where his torso should be to investigate further, he saw nothing but milky yellowish white. He let his head fall back against whatever that was behind it with an exasperated, wheezing groan. He tried to get his sluggish thoughts to realign. Something had happened, obviously. Something fast. And, if the growing feeling of dread in the pit of his stomach was any kind of indication- something very, very bad. Focusing on his limited breaths, he tried to take his mind back to a few moments ago, or was it minutes? Hours? He realized with a start that he had absolutely no bearing on time. Whatever this crap in the air was, it was really doing a number on his cognitive function. The knowledge did little to mitigate his growing anxiety. If someone didn't find him soon, whatever this stuff was would likely either suffocated him or kill every brain cell he had. Banging his head against whatever that was he laid on to vent some frustration, (Had that been a metallic clang he'd heard as his skull made violent impact? Or, was he already too delusional to discern sounds properly?) he tried once more to concentrate. He tried to remember the last thing he could before the bright white light. X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X "You shouldn't be arguing a point you could possibly never hope to understand, Mellark." Madge's eyes shone fierce with determination, even in the almost completely dim bus. "Excuse you? How am I incapable of understanding? Oh, I get it. You're making this a gender implicit thing," Peeta responded with just as much candor. He knew the passionate student council president only referred to him by last name when she was especially frustrated, pissed or cornered in an argument – in this case, it was likely all three – but he wasn't about to back down from this just because they were friends. He wasn't captain of this debate team because he was pretty. "So what? You're saying a guy can't get raped by a girl? That just because our bodies physiologically automatically respond to stimulation, regardless of our willingness or consent, making it easier for an accoster to take advantage, the violation is less intrusive, disgusting or real? Explain that one to me, Madge?" The blonde in the seat behind his floundered, opening and closing her mouth several times, her eyes wide as she tried to compose a retort. The riposte eventually came from Bristel, however, who was seated across the aisle from her, her tanned arms crossed across her breasts and her legs stretched out and interlaced across the seat. She huffed out the words as if explaining it to a toddler. "No one is saying that, Peeta. But regardless how far we've come when it comes to gender equality, no one can expect a guy and a girl to respond to that the same way. We are emotionally wired differently than you guys are. Going through that… it can destroy everything a woman believes herself to be. Having to go to a hospital, open her legs, and have someone probe and photograph her after something like that. You can't tell me you don't understand how some women would just rather pretend it never happened and move on with their lives." He locked his intense electric azure eyes on her arctic greys to accentuate his response as soon as she'd finished speaking. "But that's the problem, isn't it? You can't just pretend that never happened. It's a horrible crime. It's a desecration and the victim deserves to heal as much as the perpetrator deserves punishment. Neither can happen if the crime is kept in the dark. Women who try to move on without admitting it to anyone just cause the damage to fester and become worse and worse with time. Without evidence or prosecution, the criminal who did this has no deterrent to keep him from doing it to someone else." When both girls remained quiet but pensive, the wheels in their heads obviously working to find a counter argument, he quickly continued, "At least, you guys have a rape kit to aid you in proving what was done to you actually happened. When it happens to us, we hide the shame because of the stigma that we know will inevitably come of it, tell someone and pray they won't humiliate us or outright laugh in our face about it, or just plain call us liars. So, yes, there is merit in rallying for every female rape victim reporting the assault within the seventy-two hours allotted time, regardless whether it was a friend, a boyfriend, a complete stranger. It shouldn't make a difference. It is a protection to you. None of you knows what kind of diseases the kind of bastard that will do something like this to you may have. The evidence collected can be used to prosecute the offender. And, if you choose not to press charges, that'll be the end of it, anyway. But, at least there's physical proof that what happened to you happened. You can never be branded a liar… and you can start to heal." Neither girl looked particularly convinced by his argument, not that he was surprised, they hadn't just won their fifth debate competition this year on a fluke, after all. As far as he was concerned, these were the most brilliant argumentative minds in the state. And they were well on their way to proving it. Just as Madge made a sound in the back of her throat to object his position, however, they felt the bus lurch forward rather violently, forcing theirs, their teacher coach Mr. Dalton's and the eyes of the other seven kids on the bus to travel towards the driver. Most of those eyes had just startled to wakefulness, the ride already having taken an hour through the faintly falling snow and almost everyone catching up on some much-needed shut-eye since it would likely be past eleven when they reached the school and they still had classes tomorrow. Before any of them could register what was happening, they heard the high-pitched squeal of all six of the vehicle's tires simultaneous straining. Peeta thought he heard the driver frantically screaming back to them to hold on to anything they could, but who could tell over the shrill of the tires? A split second later, he felt himself catapult sideways… and… and upward? He definitely felt the weightlessness of being airborne for a moment. He also heard it. The screams. He was too disoriented to tell which scream was coming from who, but the world burst into a cacophony of sound an instant before his shoulder made hard impact with something, something that felt solid when he'd first hit it but became pliable with a discernible 'crack' instantly afterward and he was weightless again an instant later. The screaming seemed to augment after that, though it seemed to come from everywhere, surrounding him, tormenting him, accompanied by the deafening sound of warping metal and shattering glass. In the proceeding seconds, parts of his body collided with several different things (and body parts- someone's arm had caught him right between the legs and he was sure he'd caught a foot to the stomach at some point). As the tumbling continued, he noticed the noises were changing. The horrified, pained screeches, gradually eclipsed almost completely by the sound of the bus coming apart. He found this terrified him far worse than the screams had and the next scream that resounded through the chaos was his own. It was a frantic wail, a plea to everyone, to anyone, to just hold on. That they would be safe. He found his shout cut short when he landed with such force on what was now the ceiling of the bus; all the air left his lungs at once. It took him a second to catch a breath and try to sit up so he could look around, maybe help anyone else who was hurt. But the bus lurched sideways again and he found himself careening forward, his arms and legs reaching out for purchase to stop his momentum until he finally came to a halt, his legs spread and twisted awkwardly due to his previous flailing, dangling out two of the bus' windows, precariously. The instant he believed he would stop moving, he tried to sit up, get his bearings, try to help anyone in worse shape. His next cry to his fellow bus occupants died on his lips when the seat just above his head, which had somehow managed to shift a full ninety degrees during the tumble, gave a strained metallic groan before plummeting toward him. He barely had a split second to react, propelling himself back and to the right with both his arms as fast as he could. It wasn't fast enough to keep the heavy seat from slamming down on his chest, unexpectedly propelling his head