Just as I finish the lullaby, my voice cracks and I can say no more. Rue's lifeless body lies limp in my arms. I brush a strand of hair behind her ear as I silently whimpere, wondering if all that had just happened was real or not. Without thinking, I let out a frustrated yell and wipe my tears of anger and frustration away with my sleeve. Gasping, realizing my mistake, I hold my breath. Far off in the distant I hear bushes roar to life with the disturbance of an intruder. A few twigs snap, but this time a bit closer. Silently, I slip away from Rue, giving her one last look before stalking off into a bush plant a couple of meters away. I crouch down low, only barely hidden amongst the bushes. I coil my head into my knees and I anticipate the inevitable. "Over there!" A strong voice had yelled. "Get her!" "Damn" I say under my breath. "Just as I thought" With a sharp intake of musty oxygen, I pull myself off the ground, turn, and run in a direction I did not know. Tree branches and bush leaves attack my face as I run, violently scratching my exposed flesh. I glance to my right, trying to see who was chasing me. I see a glimpse of a shadow emerge from the surrounding nature, just in time for me to look forward and run smack into a tree trunk. When I awake, I feel pain. The whereabouts of the pain was unknown, my body wasn't functioning yet. Slowly I open my eyes, as I took in my surroundings. It was dark, but I could still see. Also it was rather cold. I move my arms upright and push myself up into a sitting position. A surge of wind sweeps over me, sending a bone-chilling coldness that spreads through me faster than a high powered virus. I attempt to bend my legs to hug them to keep myself warm, but to no avail. As soon as I had moved my legs, a sharp pain erupted from my knees causing me to wince in pain. I carefully roll up my track pants to reveal my knee. I saw that a rather large amount of skin was torn, and large purple bruises and stains of dried blood surrounded the damaged skin. Sniffing heavily, I let out a slight gasp as my nose began to burn. My hands shoot straight to my face. Big mistake though. More pain occurred, mainly in the centre of my whole face. I extend a finger to touch the upper part of my nose and when I do, I pull my finger back fast. Yep, my nose was definitely broken. Staggering to my feet, I squint ahead and make out the shape of a tree trunk. The day's events come flooding back into my memory. Some tributes had found me, and I had been running away from them and ran into a tree. Like lightning, the sudden remembrance of Rue's death impacts me with a great force. I stamp my foot into the ground out of anger, but my anger is instantly replaced with curiosity as I look down. The terrain I stomped on didn't leave that much of an imprint, which I find rather odd. When I was been running away from the people chasing me, I remember running alongside a river bank. If I were to still be near the riverbank, the dirt surrounding me would be either soft or muddy, and since it was neither, my suspicion grew. Ignoring the pain begging for attention from my kneecaps, I stare off into the distance and the clearing to my right. No such river was to be seen. I must have veered off into the other direction when I glanced to see who was chasing me. I begin to walk around, my backpack resting on my back safely, and my arrow and quiver sitting on a shoulder. "Way to go Katniss, you've gotten yourself lost! What a lovely sense of direction. What a way to bring out all those years of hunting skills!" I mutter sarcastically to myself. "Look, you're even talking to yourself. You've gone completely looney!" I sigh as I keep on walking. I think I'm going mad. I'm not myself. Then again, I did hit my head pretty hard. Then just my luck, I trip on a tree root, and fall down. Closing my eyes, expecting a large painful impact, I was shocked when I ended up sliding down a tunnel. I couldn't see at all. All of a sudden, I land straight onto my side. Coughing from the amount of dust and dirt I inhaled on the way down, I stagger to my feet, my knees hurting even more. Luckily my quiver went unharmed when I went on the Oh-so-lovely trip to- Wait. Where was I? I look around and was taken aback when I realised I was in a lantern underground room. Thinking two steps ahead, I ready my arrows and my bow and crouch into an attacker-ready position. Moving quickly and stealthily I search every inch of the room, looking for any signs of human life, or traps. There was one more room connecting to the room I had entered. After glancing around the corner of the opening, I realise it was empty. I step back and withdraw my weapons, acknowledging the fact that the place looked undisturbed for years. I make my way to the side of the room and sit on a nicely crafted handmade chair next to a table. The only other thing in the room was a black and red chequered blanket. Lying my head down on the table my eyes scan the room before finally resting on a small mound of dirt in one of the corners of the room. Thinking nothing of it, I close my eyes. But no more than thirty seconds later, I re-open them. Curiosity getting the best of me, I stand up and walk over to the mound of dirt and kneel down next to it. Extending a hand towards it, I brush away the top layer of the dirt, unearthing an object within the dirt. Picking it up, I examine it closely. It was leather. I blow on it, dust moving from the top of the leather, and forming a cloud right in front of me. Waving it away, I decide to use my hand to wipe away the remaining dirt and dust. After completely wiping it away, it revealed creases on the sides, indicating it had been folded. I gently pull on the sides, pulling them apart, when an un-sticking sound was heard. I wait for a moment and look to see if I had damaged the object, before continuing to open it up. After fully unfolding the pouch, I slip a hand inside and my hand rests on a hard cover book. Pulling it out, I noticed it was small, and had bold silver lettering on the front cover. Whoever had obtained this journal obviously knew how to keep it contained as it didn't have fainted words. It was only just legible, like it had been sitting for years. The binding was fragile, so I handle it with pure delicacy, careful not to break it. The bold letters read "Journal." My eyes scan the cover and I notice more writing on the bottom of the cover, but in a smaller font. It read "The seventeenth Hunger Games" Fifty eight years ago, another tribute held this exact book in their hands. So I guess it was understandable for me to feel nervous. Right…? Being the curious person I am, I opene the Journal. When it opens, some dirt that had escaped into the book at some point had fallen out, making a small mountain on the table. Re-focusing my attention back onto the book, I read the first page. "My name is Laski Slyphix I am sixteen years old. If you find this, just know, that it may hold a key factor to your survival. My father was an inventor. I have made many discoveries, and I hope that someone can use my discoveries for their greater need." As I reach the bottom, I suddenly get nervous. "…holds a key factor to your survival" I read this line over and over. What could Laski mean? Wasting no time, I flip the page and continue to read. "Day one Okay so maybe not day one. It has taken me two days to find this area. At first it was just a small hole, so I extended it a bit further by digging down. The place currently is about 3 meters wide, and 3 meters in length. I can barely stand up though. It's not much, but it's something. Also, it's well hidden; I don't think I will be found. It was all a shock, being chosen as a tribute. Mother was devastated. I should of at least practiced some survival skills, but being sixteen with only six entries out of thousands, I never though I'd be the unlucky one to be chosen. Yet, here I am." Laski was just like me in a way. I never thought Primrose would be chosen because she had one out of a thousand chances. Laski thought the same about himself. Becoming more anxious by the minute, I skip a couple of pages in and begin reading again. "Day fourteen That was close. I was near the river bank, which is just east of here. I was on my way back to this place from getting fish and water. Somebody had been there watching me. Out of nowhere, they fired an arrow, and it grazed my arm. I ran of course, but I didn't want to risk exposing my hiding place, so I ran in the other direction. Discreetly scrambling up a tree, I waited it out. I must have been there for ages. After hearing them leave, I wasted no time in running back to my new home, which is now the size of an average living room." On the other side of the page was another entry with no title. I met a girl today, and I have never seen her in my life. She wasn't one of the tributes. She helped fix up my arm though, the one that got hurt from the arrow. It was infected. I can't write any more, if this book falls into the wrong hands I may expose secrets. Frowning at the last entry I had read, I shake it off. Laski had built this home by himself. I think of Laski as a quick-thinking kind of guy. Looking down at the chair, I smile, thinking that he must have built these too. Admiring his work, I yawn and stretch my arms. I was rather tired. I read the day fourteen passage again, and catch onto where it said something about the river bank. "It was just east of here." I stand up and place the book on the table and I make my way over to the tunnel, where I had entered from. I peer up the tunnel but no light could be seen from above. Then something clicked. The lanterns! I look closely at the nearest lantern that was hanging off of a wooden stake that had been wedged into the dirt wall. "How on earth can these still be on after all these years?" I mutter, confused. I slide a finger down the side of the lantern. It wasn't hot; it was warm, as if it had only been on for a short amount of time. I was distracted from the thoughts when my hand rests on a piece of mattered parchment that was wedged behind the lantern. I take it out and unfold it, revealing the message within. "Motion sensor lanterns." "My father sent me some motion sensors in a little white parachute while I was out one day