Hermione Granger shuddered violently as the wind rocked her small frame. Stumbling, she managed to grasp a branch and sighed in silent thanks. Her bulky backpack was slung strategically over both shoulders, as she kept her head down and ran from the bitter rain. After a few more blocks, she awkwardly approached her front door, her legs almost buckling in her haste to get dry. Hermione didn't bother to ring the doorbell. A tiny electrical bolt, shot, controlled, out of her fingertips. There was a satisfying click as the lock unwound itself. She gently pried open the door as silently as she could, sliding in the crack. The house was silent. She slunk up the stairs, double-checking that she avoided the one that creaked, and reached her room. She collapsed on the bed. She could really care less about the rain getting in her pillow. Hermione had hoped, after entering high school, that the teasing would get better. For the first time that week, she allowed a tentative smile cross her lips. It actually had. After, admittedly, many years, her strategic brain had figured out patterns in behavior. Rant about school : Shoved into lockers. Raise a hand : Stolen lunch. And so she had stopped. Hermione rubbed her grubby hands together, feeling the chill for the first time and gathered up the blankets. She took care to tuck in the corners, her hyperactive brain immediately studying the imperfections in her swaddling method. She'd stopped. Standing out, drawing attention. She still was smart, of course, but directed her energy into schoolwork. Essays, documentaries. It was all there. The small, proud smile that had risen slowly faded off of her face. However… Despite all of her accomplishments, it felt as if her personality had disappeared. Everything that had ever made her unique, special, had evaporated along with any desire to appear extraordinary. She shook her head, braving the cold as she scurried across the freezing bedroom floor. Grabbing the novel, she removed the bookmark and placed it lightly on her desk, and hopped back into her covers. "Pride and Prejudice," she said aloud, tracing the letters of the title. "We could all use a little cleverness sometimes." She carefully held the book open and set a timer. She gave herself exactly fifteen minutes, inwardly promising that she would finish her project by nine. "Zzz! Zzz!" Hermione's head shot up. "What...?" She managed to say before scrambling for her alarm. Her eyes darted worriedly around the room as if she was afraid someone would hear it. Finally pressing the snooze, she slouched in her bed and picked up her book from the floor. She yawned and briefly wondered if her stepmother, Jen, had arrived home. She quietly went down the stairs, walking into the kitchen. Taking an apple from the counter, she bit into it, and only then realized how quickly her ravenous appetite had grown. The door opened again, and Hermione quickly ran up the stairs, stopping halfway to where she could hear them. "Anyone home?" Jen Granger yelled. There was no response. "Good," came the cool voice of her stepmother. Her lips inadvertently curved into a small, cruel smile and Hermione wondered what would have happened if she had responded. She gave a small shudder, backing away into the shadows as Jen glanced her way. The woman shrugged halfheartedly and began unpacking groceries. After a few more minutes, the door burst open for the second time. "Yeah!" Addy charged up the hall, running wildly. She stopped, looking around in panic. "Mom! Where's my legos?" "Sweetheart," Jen said, rolling her eyes. They had adopted a kindly sheen to them as she cooed at her own idealistic children. "I put them away in the cupboard. Remember to keep them on the carpet this time. If I see a single one on the floor... " she trailed off and shot her a mock threatening look. Hermione felt a stab of longing but ignored it, walking stealthily up the rest of the steps. She didn't even wait for her brother. She sighed, locking herself in the room and looking at the apple distantly. It seemed so perfect, so round. So unlike her. Hermione muttered nonsense to herself, grabbing her blankets again. She, with her pale white face and untameable hair. She, with her nerdy glasses and abnormal accidents . A mistake, an anomaly. She, a murderer. She quickly finished her apple and opened Pride and Prejudice. Hermione flipped the pages and started reading, becoming fully engrossed in the novel. Before long, she reluctantly dragged herself out of bed and put on her robe. Instantly, a spark shot out of her finger. She let out a horrified yelp, quickly swatting away the flames. The fire glowed purple for just the hint of a second, and she barely remembered to muffle her horrified screams. Running to her bathroom, she distinguished it under the tap. Hermione bit her lip. Nobody can know , she mentally repeated. Nobody can know, nobody can know. They'd take her away for… science experiments, and then she'd be just another statistical death in the news. She sighed again, putting her hair in a messy bun, little strands everywhere, and began the laborious process of getting all of her variables set up. "The sulfur reacts with monoxide?" Hermione's eyebrows shot up. "Interesting." The rest of the evening she played around with her scientific research, struggling to ignore that her family hadn't remembered to call her for dinner. And despite her hatred for Jen, the woman that had split apart her home, Hermione let one tear slip. Hermione took caution to get into the bus in between everybody else. Her tiny body slipped easily into the flow of talking people, and she immediately headed for the back of the bus. Dark circles stood out against her pale skin, the freckles dotting her nose almost fading into invisibility. She stopped in her tracks as she realized that there was already someone sitting in her designated spot. Quickly shuffling away, Hermione averted her eyes from the boy, almost tripping over her feet as she landed in the seat in front. She kept her eyes firmly on her hands. "Everyone buckled in?" The driver yelled loudly, making her jump. Hermione hastily fastened her seatbelt, hoping nobody would spare her a glance. "Right! We're moving!" The engine geared up and made a sound like a large, angry cat. Hermione gave a smile as she filed the thought into her 'amusing' folder. She privately wondered if she would ever own a cat. She stifled a small laugh: she didn't even like the creatures. Perhaps in another life? "Friendly blo - uh, guy, isn't he?" She gave a small shiver and spun around, unintentionally whipping the stranger with her hair. "Sorry!" She squeaked. "I… um… sorry!" He had scruffy brown hair, a strange bolt shaped scar above one of his eyebrows, and his eyes were a dull blue. The boy's smile brightened as he laughed, and Hermione irrationally thought it made the boy look beautiful. She unintentionally cocked her head to the side: a product no doubt produced by social media. After staring at him for a while, he scratched the back of his head awkwardly and Hermione noticed how it stuck up weirdly at the back. He blinked, his squared glasses making his eyes seem larger than they actually were. "Well, I'm Harrison Dublin, but you can call me Harry if you like. I mean you don't have to," he added quickly, her horrified look confusing him. "Oh. Sorry again. It was nice to meet you." She sat quickly looked down again, getting out her book and wondered what her mother would have thought of her behavior. She gave a wince as she opened up Little Women . "Oh… okay." The boy, Harrison, trailed off. "Can I at least get your name?" She hesitated, seriously contemplating ignoring him. Eventually, she decided that it would simply draw even more unwanted attention to herself. "It's Hermione," she told him reluctantly. You'll forget it in a day anyway . His eyebrows scrunched up in an endearing way. "Her-mi-on-ie?" She smiled slightly. "Correct." You're welcome mom, she thought. That's my good deed of the day. "Thanks, Hermione. Also, this is the final thing, swear, do you know where classroom 52A is?" A sense of dread started to build up inside her throat and she resisted the urge to throw the, Special Edition 1923, book at his head. The rational side of her eventually squashed that thought. 52A. She double checked her memory and sighed, holding her forehead. He was in her homeroom. She pondered lying for a second, before dismissing it as a stupid idea. He would find out as soon as he stepped foot inside the classroom. "I guess we're classmates," she forced out. "Just follow me when we get there." He brightened, seeming more youthful than he had been before. "It'll be so nice to know someone." Hermione shook her head tiredly, inwardly hoping she didn't have to explain that she was a total loner. "Please don't talk to me," she pleaded. "I'm just… shy." He looked puzzled. "Aren't introverts not embarrassed around just a few people?" His eyes twinkled with the kind of mischief Hermione tended to stay, preferably, a hundred yards away from. She shook her head again. "It's not that. It's complicated." As in you're attractive and girls will be chasing after you. And then they'll want to talk to me. Therefore, complicated. She started reading again, trying to ignore him without success. "Hermione?" He poked her head, trying to gain her attention. Hermione, in retaliation, studiously ignored him, biting her bottom lip so hard that she drew blood. "My iguana is flying," Harrison said blandly. He poked her arm once more. "I'm on fire. Aliens are descending from a portal in the sky. My patronus is a stag. It's called Prongs. Hermione, I forgot my homework." "Homework?" She asked, regaining focus. "We had summer homework ?" She struggled to calm her racing heart as she scrambled with her book bag. A few papers flew onto the opposite chair as she mentally threw up. Harry laughed loudly, and she shushed him quickly, giving him what was most likely the worst glare he had ever received. "Figures the one about homework concerns you more than all the others," he chuckled. She sighed. "And what the bloody heck is a Prongs?" Hermione quietly demanded. "I mean, a prong is a three shafted - " "Hey!" Harrison protested, looking mildly indignant. "It is a deer! And - " "And just because I care about my grades does not mean I don't care," she interrupted boldly, before realized what she was doing. She quickly put her hand down and dipped her head. Lecturing was just a cause of bullying, and being bullied caused others to notice. The last thing Hermione possibly wanted was to be noticed. "Er… is the ride normally this long?" Hermione permitted herself a small chuckle. The boy was amusing, if slightly irritating. She wondered when she could get back to her book. She was at a very exciting part where - He grinned. "Blimey! A smile! I thought I'd never get it out of you." Hermione startled and blushed beet red. "I didn't smile," she said quietly trying to make her mouth point downwards. "And why do you suddenly sound British?" He smirked crookedly. "I'm moving from there… I guess my fake American accent worked. Sort of." A guarded look appeared on his face. "Well, you could tell it was British. Bloody hell. I'm messing this up already." "Well, I used to live there too," she admitted, then let out a surprised breath. She hadn't told anyone that, besides her friends in kindergarten. She pursed her lips, wondering what was wrong with her. "Really?" Harry asked, looking strangely interested. His eyes seemed to flicker a flaming green. "Where?" "Northern Scotland," she replied immediately. Her eyes widened as she