A/N: Hia! WriterzBlock12 here! This is a new fanfic I'm making...even though I should be focusing on my other ones... Oh well! I hope you all like it! It would be awesome if you leave a review telling me if I should continue this or any criticism would be awesome! :D I don't own The Hunger Games. Suzanne Collins does! I only own my OCs! :D And some pie... oh wait that's what I wish I owned. The sun peaked above the dark waters creating a light glow in the morning sky that sent shivers down my back. Despite the sun rising, the air was still cold like sharp needles sticking to my bare skin and my breath blew in the freezing air showing I was alive. I continued to watch the sun rise and the waves crash down upon the cool sand while my feet burrowed between the ground trying to take in all my surroundings. This could be the last time I see the world awakening, the last time I see the sun and the ocean becoming one for a short blazing moment. The last time. The thought made my heart cold while fear gripped around it with no mercy. I didn't want to go through this. The anticipation of maybe being called or seeing the eyes of the soon to be dead children walk on stage with their eyes already losing hope. Though, sometimes they're would be someone in the sea of scared faces who would be eager to stand on that stage in hopes of winning victory. I didn't want to be apart of any of it; I just wanted to leave it. I could tell that it was time to leave by the sun no matter how much I wanted to lay on the beach pretending nothing else existed except for the waves. Rising up, I dusted off as much of the grimy sand off of my baggy jeans as possible not bothering with the minerals that stuck to my feet and ankles. Giving one last look at the ocean I turned on my heels and left the beach with only my footprints being the clue I was there. Finally, I made it home though it barely passed as a house. No, it was more like a shack with it's crooked structure with barely two rooms. One serving as a sliver of a bathroom while the other one was practically everything else we absolutely needed. The door and the floorboards made a small squeak when I came through, though that was the only sign that showed of my appearance when I crouched down beside the small bed. The head of the sleeper had wildly untamed curly hair that obscured their face from view, while the covers hid the rest of them. With a small smile at the lack of seeing them, I snatched their covers away leaving them wildly awakening in coldness. Out of confusion, they accidentally fell off the concrete bed making a thump when their body impacted on the flooring. Not being able to help it I started roaring with laughter at the sight despite the dreary day. Not bothering to stifle my laughter I spoke, "Your face! It was hilarious!" A groan sounded from the other side of the bed before they popped up to meet my gaze. Their eyes were filled to the brim with annoyance and sleep. With a huff they crossed their arms and yelled, "Seriously! Uhg, you're so immature." Like you aren't. Of course I didn't say that though, not wanting to initiate an argument. Plus I didn't want to make her have anymore stress then she probably does already from today. After all, she's my sister. Well, maybe not exactly. I had met her when I was twelve and working at the orphanage. I didn't get any money, but the experience of working with kids was more than enough for me, even if my father had wished it payed at least a few dollars. She had lived in that orphanage since she was a baby when both her parents died out on sea. The people that worked at the orphanage had told me she was always shy and afraid of everyone; that is until she met me. I suppose the small girl at the age of eight started following me around. To this day I have no clue why she was so interested in me. Finally, she worked up the courage to come up to me and tell me her name. Elizabeth. The following days, Elizabeth still followed me around except she interacted with me and sometimes my friends. Soon we became sisters. It was just one of those things that happened. Later on, I begged my father to adopt Lizzy. It was only my father and I, but surprisingly he said yes even though we could barely feed ourselves. If only I had known he had only said yes because he didn't want me lonely. It was only a month after Elizabeth was apart of the family that he had left. Lizzy and I had to of course live in the orphanage with me only being twelve and her eight. Luckily for us, the Orphanage didn't care about the kids that much anymore since we hadn't had a victor in a while to help the town. So, we just made our own home together though we would have to come back to the Orphanage every other week to make sure no one though us dead. It was only a year later that everyone in town was forced to come to the center of town; exactly where they had the executions. The peacemakers dragged in a limping man whose clothes waved in the wind showing his bony structure. Finally, when the peacekeepers had the man's neck around the thick rope I saw his face. His face was my father's. The nose crooked from getting in a fight in his earlier years. His cheekbones sunken from hunger were more prominent then ever and his beard was an added feature I hadn't known before. The thing that chilled me were his eyes though. His blue eyes that used to hold so much light even when we were as poor as dirt, now were pale and dead. We used to share the same color of eyes before he left. I wondered if we would ever be having the same color again? Before I could think of an answer I saw his hopeless eyes connect with mine before mouthing the number thirteen. Did he still remember how old I was? Then he was dead. His body hanging on the rope and his pale dead eyes still staring and staring. The body hanged back and forth while I covered Lizzy's eyes though it was too late. With grief stricken hearts we went back to our shabby home. Somehow I knew the body was still swaying and staring. Back and forth. Back and forth. Back and forth. Never knowing where it should go just like it's soul had. We had gone home with heavy hearts. Lizzy had been sad about his death, but she could never truly understand how I felt. Of course, it wasn't her fault, she had only known him a few months before he left us. I was worried more about the damage and nightmares Lizzy might have at seeing someone she knew die. She had seen the Hunger Games, but I had always tried to make sure she didn't watch the brutal deaths of the children. Even if she had watched them die, it still wasn't like seeing a person you know personally die. My father had wanted so badly to leave this place even if it meant death and leaving his children. I could become him. My eyes turning pale and leaving Lizzy alone to fend for herself. Both of us had been the same once, who's to say we won't be again? Shaking the dark thoughts away I turned my attention back to Lizzy. Back to the present. With a roll of the eyes I nodded, "Uh huh, sure. Whatever you say. Anyways, we have to get ready." I didn't say what for. She already knew. Her annoyance flashed to fear in a split second; her mouth already curving down, "Yeah, okay." I pursed my lips irritated at not myself for making her remember what today was. Even for a split second. But, of course I just had to ruin it by saying we had to get ready. "Come on! Don't be such a drag. Makes your face look even more ugly than it already is." I gave her a smile and a light laugh to show my teasing though her face stayed the same. Humming in thought I looked around the place until my eyes landed on the mirror. Well, my reflection. My pale face was slightly flushed from the cold outside with my freckles dusting over my red cheeks. I was paler than most people in our district; most of them had dark or bronze colored skin. From all the hours working outside on the ocean or just plain old genetics. I on the other hand, seemed to only turn a blistering red. Luckily, my job was to organize files upon files of papers containing information on the dead tributes and victors of district four. Yeah, lucky. The only thing lucky about that job was that I didn't have to go outside for so long that I might die of dehydration. It payed well though, that's the only reason I really took it and nobody else wanted it. Seeing the pictures of the dead with a quick description of them and then there they go; in the file being dusted away. Everything was usually cleaned and organized, though sometimes the major wanted us to reorganize it and make sure no families took the only thing they had left of their child. There were five or six other people, but I never spoke to any of them except for Konani. He had piercing green eyes that popped with his light chocolate skin making him stand out in a crowd. His hair was messily disheveled whenever I saw him in a dark brown coloring. If his features weren't enough to make someone already feel drawn, there was his personality. He was always so... so bright. That's the only way to describe it. Konani would always be pulling pranks on people left and right, sometimes being a heart throb, or just flat out being nice. He was warm and bright; just someone you could always count on. Somehow he chose me to be his best friend. We had known each other since we were eight. At first, I had been a blundering mess around him since he was the most popular boy at our school and the fact I had a crush on him from afar. His smile and laugh; not to mention how cute he looked drew me to him. Though I never thought about going up to him, I was after all, and still am slightly, shy. I still don't know what possessed him to do it, but he started hanging out with me and talking to me. Before I knew it, we became friends to best friends. My crush on him wore off when I realized my reasoning for liking him so much. He was someone I wanted to be. After I actually talked to him, my face no longer flushed at the mere sight of him; instead I snorted when he squirted milk out of his nose. He was my brother to me. My gaze drifted to my hair. It was a mess from the salty wind blowing through it and the fact I hadn't brushed it since last night. A smile creeped up on my face as an idea occurred to me, "Hey Lizzy! Wanna do my hair?" Her eyes instantly brightened and her whole body jumped in excitement. She loved braiding and