There's a fire, starting in my heart. Reaching a fever pitch, and it's bringing me out the dark. Finally I see you crystal clear. Go ahead and sell me out, and I'll lay your ship bare. Gracelynn Love, 17; District 1 Female (Cayylubb) It's a cold morning here in District 1. No sign of the sun and it's also reapings today. Today is the day my cousin goes into the Hunger Games. I've been dreading this day for a long time. Growing up I had a friend named Onyx. We were as close as we could be. We were always over at each other's houses, and we would always play fun little games together. He was my best friend. When we turned 12 we started at the academy, and we realized that Onyx was really freaking good at Hunger Games stuff. It started a desire for him to volunteer. I supported it. In 6 years a lot can happen, and I was already seeing my little boy best friend turn into a man. Then it happened, one night a bunch of guys snuck a few weapons out of the academy. They were 12 and stupid, and had no idea what the hell they were doing. Onyx and another boy was killed that night. My best friend was killed at 12 years old over something so stupid like the Hunger Games. After Onyx died I didn't know where to turn to, or where to go. My cousin Reese and I became super close. He slowly made the pain of losing someone so close to me disappear, and I slowly began relying on him more and more. We are inseparable now. We have a tradition. Every year we go and we lay a rose on Onyx's grave. He wanted nothing more than to volunteer, so I thought it was fitting to honor him every reaping like that. Reese came with me the first year after he died, because it was too hard. After that every year he just shows up. It's an unspoken rule. "Gracie! Reese is here!" says Mom from the other room. I get up from my desk and grab the single rose that I bought last night from the flower shop. I leave my room and head towards the kitchen, where I see Reese and my mom talking with a cup of coffee in each of their hands. "Your mom really needs to try out this recipe I found." says my Mom "Will do Aunt Melinda." says Reese as he is brushing my mom off. He looks weird today, like something is up. I can't be sure about what it is, maybe he's just nervous about the Reapings. "You ready?" I say smiling, he eyes the rose in my hand and almost has a frown on. "Yes. Let's go." I grab my jacket and put it on over my dark blue dress. I button up the buttons and walk outside into the brisk morning air in District 1. "It's cold." I say wrapping my arms around my chest. "I know, this reminds me of the day-" he pauses and then frowns. "Never mind." I pause and stare at my cousin and give him a sympathetic look. "You can talk about him Reese. I can handle it...he was your friend too." "Grace, I just don't think we should be visiting him. It's been six years, and he's gone now. Just let him rest." he says as he steps in front of me. "Reese...he was my best friend." I say looking confused. "I can't just stop… I mean. He'd want to be remembered." "Grace why do you care so much about Onyx? You didn't know him like I did." he says as he runs his hand through his hair. His eyes have a weird look in them. I can't place it. "Excuse me? Is it suddenly a contest?" I ask insulted. "Cause if you want to play it that way, we were best friends since we were 4. We always hung out. Every day. Without fail. Do you know how many fake weddings I planned with the kid? Or how many kids we were planning on having? Like yeah, we were young and I might not have entered the academy the same year as you guys, but-" I stop and roll my eyes. "Why do I even have to explain myself? If you have a problem with that then leave. I'm not a 12 year old girl scared to go to my friend's grave anymore." "Damnit, Grace! I killed Onyx, okay?! I killed Onyx!" He's screaming at me and clenching his fist. "You didn't know him like I did!" My heart starts beating right in my chest. I feel like someone picked up a rock and threw it into the glass house that I made for myself all these years. My foundation shaken, my trust shattered into nothing. "Reese...that's not funny." I say with tears welling up. "You shouldn't say that." "Grace! Why would I joke about that?!" he says. His breathing is picking up pace and his eyes look stressed, "I would never joke about something so terrible. You know me, Grace!" "Yes I know you! That's why I don't believe you!" I say trying to walk around him and head towards the graveyard. He stops me and grabs onto my arm. "Grace I-I killed him! T-That night h-h-he killed Lucres, and I didn't know what to do!" he says. I stare at him with my mouth opened wide, unable to comprehend what he's saying. "Jona left and we were spotted by Soren." "Soren Aravelo? Get the hell out Reese!" I say. "Stop telling me this!" At this point the neighbors on my street are turning on their porch lights, and looking out their front windows. I remember that it's 6:30 in the morning, and start walking down the street. "No, Soren the Capitol stylist!" he says following me down the street. "Yes Soren the trainer, Grace!" he's shouting at me, and I just keep walking. "Onyx blamed the death of Lucres on me, and Soren thought I did it! So he made me pick up a knife and pushed Onyx towards me, and the knife h-hit him in the-" He's cut off as I turn around and my hand makes impact with his face. "You son of a bitch." I say coldly and plainly. "How dare you try and get me to not go today, and how dare you question my friendship with someone! "You didn't know him like I did!"" I say in a mocking tone, "why, because I didn't kill him? Because I didn't stab him with a knife?!" He looks at me upset and tries to talk, "I'm tired of talking! Just get the hell away Reese!" I turn around and walk away. This is freaking great. I just know how to pick them. My first best friend dies, and then my second best friend, who also happens to be my cousin, killed my first best friend. My life could be a damn soap opera. I arrive at the Graveyard and walk to the grave that I know too. 7 rows back, and 3 rows over, and there he is. Onyx Redwall. Written in stone. "A great son, friend, and tribute." I read outloud as I sit there. I want Reese to pay for what he did. For lying to me all these years. For acting like everything is ok, and that he is someone that would look out for me. Until what? Until a trainer told him to stick a knife in me. No. He's going to pay. He's going to feel what I'm feeling right now. Complete and utter betrayal. "I'm so sorry Onyx." I say as the tears begin to flow. I lay the rose down on his grave, and just sit there as I watch my tears hit the cold ground under me. "I just wish there was something I could do." Wait. There is something I can do. I can go into the games. Sure it's not my year to volunteer, but I was going to get it next year anyways. I'll volunteer, and I'll kill that son of a bitch cousin of mine. Kill him for the murder of my best friend. For the betrayal that he's causing me right now. "Onyx. I promise. Soon, and very soon...your death will be avenged. I'm going to volunteer, and I'm going to destroy Reese." I say, "And when I do, I'm going to make sure he knows that it's for you." Reese Belavaire, 18; District One Male (CreativeAJL) I can't stop thinking about it. Grace hates me now, and I don't blame her for it. Onyx is dead because of me. Hiding it from her for these past six years was something else. I just couldn't deal with the guilt anymore, especially not after visiting his grave every year, on this special day. The day that I'm supposed to volunteer. The day that I sign death's contract and do my best to ensure that I bring honor to District One. But one thing I didn't know I was going to do today was just come out and tell Grace what I did six years ago. That's what I get for being so frank with people. It's not my fault; it's just a weakness of mine, and I can't find a way out of it. It was two hours ago when she slapped me and walked away, but it feels like ten seconds ago because the stinging pain on my cheek still burns. As I stare into the mirror in my room, I can see the small cut that she left from the force of her slap. My mouth gapes open as I let out a deep sigh. I'm just so done with all of this. First of all, I have to go into these damn games because that's just what I'm supposed to do! Second, I tried to tell Grace the full story, but she just wouldn't listen. The rain was pouring roughly on the ground that day, threatening to smash our heads in. The noise that it let out on the stone-covered homes was almost terrifying; sounding like a dragon breathing fire. I remember Jona, Lucres, Onyx, and I were just playing around with the academy weapons that we stole. The small knives and short-swords were all we could manage to sneak out, since the spears and rapiers were too heavy to carry. Onyx accidentally killed Lucres that day with a jab to the neck, and when Jona realized, he completely left me alone. Every time I see Jona in the streets, it's so awkward between us. Walking across the corner that day was Soren—dear sweet Soren who we all looked up to—and he was looking at us with a deadly stare. His glare was too much for me to handle. I was just frozen, speechless... dead. His deathly glare made me think he was gonna kill the both of us, and Jona got a free-pass out. Onyx freaked out, blaming the death of Lucres on me. Nobody even knew about Lucres after that day. We all figured that he left District One and got eaten by wild animals or something, but I knew; Onyx knew; and Soren knew, too. I can even remember the exact words that Soren said when Onyx tried to blame the kill on me. ''Don't hesitate to do it again. Pick up the knife,'' his voice harsh, the stare that he gave was frightening and almost emotionally devastating. ''Use a great weapon like that knife to kill Onyx the same way you did that pitiful boy—it adds a bit of style to your training, don't you think? Killing at an early age isn't something that every career tribute can say they've done. So show me what you did before.'' He pushed Onyx straight towards me, and I just didn't know what to do. Uncontrollably, my knife