I have spent the past six years of my life developing Cassia from an awful mess into the character she is today. I've poured my heart and soul into this gal. I'd love it if you'd give her a chance. Cassia Potter was not planning on spending her eleventh birthday in an old shack on a rock in the middle of the sea, but there wasn't much she could do about it. After the letters to she and Harry refused to stop their incessant arrival, Uncle Vernon decided to take the family on an impromptu vacation. Cassia just wished it wasn't somewhere that she could practically feel the hypothermia setting in. After a rather lackluster dinner and a failed attempt by Uncle Vernon to make a fire, Cassia and Harry were given the most threadbare blanket and were told to sleep. Cassia wondered how they were expected to sleep when it seemed as if the raging storm outside was going to wipe their little shack from the face of the earth, but she didn't say anything. She simply curled up on the ground with Harry and listened to the Dursleys impossibly loud snores. Harry's foot nudged her leg, and Cassia looked up from where she had her face buried in Harry's chest, trying to get warm. "What?" she mumbled, hoping she was close enough to his ear that he could hear her above the storm and the Dursleys snoring. "It's five minutes to our birthday," Harry informed her with a grin. "We're going to be eleven, Cassie." Cassia smiled at Harry, not nearly as excited as him. Birthdays were just another day for her. The closest thing she'd ever gotten to a real present was a spatula when she and Harry turned eight because the Dursleys decided it was time for her to learn to cook. Worst of all, their birthday was in summer, so Cassia couldn't even guilt-trip some form of sweet from one of the teachers for her and Harry. While Harry practically buzzed with excitement beside her, Cassia closed her eyes and hoped she'd be able to get to sleep. If the shack was going to be blown away, Cassia would prefer to drown in her sleep, thank you very much. Cassia was certain she was on the verge of sleep when a booming knock came at the door. She bolted upright at the bang, her arm flinging out in front of Harry. There was another knock and Dudley sat up from his place on the couch, looking even more confused than usual. Uncle Vernon came into the room holding a gun, yelling threats at whoever was knocking on the shack door. Harry shoved Cassia's arm out of the way. The door fell off of its hinges, crashing into the floor with a loud bang. There was someone standing in the doorway, his figure illuminated by a flash of lightning outside. He was the largest man Cassia had ever seen, with a large bushy beard that was probably bigger than her if she curled up into a ball. Cassia could just barely make out the man's eyes amidst all the hair. The man ducked his head down so he could fit into the shack and picked the door up, shoving it back onto its hinges. Cassia tensed, resisting the urge to move in front of Harry again. "Couldn't make us a cup o' tea, could yeh? It's not been an easy journey." Cassia stared at the man, the glare on her face being replaced with confusion. Those weren't the words she was expecting from a potential murderer giant. The man ordered Dudley off of the couch. Cassia's cousin ran to hide behind Aunt Petunia, who was cowering behind Uncle Vernon. She wondered when her aunt had come in an exactly why she'd want to face the intruder but brushed it away. She was more focused on the giant who had just broke down the door. Apparently the man was focused on the twins too, because as soon as he banished Dudley, he turned to them, beaming. "Harry and Cassie!" Cassia winced at the nickname. Only Harry got to call her that, and rarely. "You know, the las' time I saw yeh, yeh were little babies. Spitting images of yer father, the both if yeh. Course, Harry got his mother's eyes." The man laughed and Cassia scowled at him. Just who did this man think he was, talking about her parents? Uncle Vernon seemed to be wondering the same thing, because he raised his gun at the large man again, telling him in a shaking voice, "I demand you leave at once!" "Ah, shut up Dursley, yeh great prune," the man told Uncle Vernon. He reached over, pulled the gun out of Uncle Vernon's hand and bent the end up like it was clay. Uncle Vernon let out a noise that resembled a deflating balloon and Cassia stepped slightly ahead of Harry. Adults, or anyone stronger than them, were never a good thing. The giant smiled at Harry and Cassia as he turned away from Uncle Vernon. "Anyway, happy birthday to yeh. I made yeh summant, but I mighta sat on it. Should still taste good though," Out of one of the pockets of his massive coat, the man pulled out a box, holding it out to the,. Harry took it before Cassia could reject it, opening it up to reveal a chocolate cake. Written across it in green icing was 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY' then in smaller, more cramped writing, 'HARRY AND CASSY.' Cassia frowned at the cake, not understanding why they were given something so amazing from a stranger. She hadn't even had to try to convince the man to give it to them. "Who are you?" Harry asked. Cassia flinched at his bluntness, praying the man wouldn't get mad. "Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts," the man - Hagrid - told the twins in a rather proud voice. Cassia wondered if his title was supposed to mean something to her. "Now, what about that tea?" Cassia shuffled to follow Hagrid's movements, remaining in front of Harry as the giant bent down in front of the fireplace. She knew Harry was glaring at her, but she didn't really care. Until she knew if this Hagrid was trustworthy, she wasn't letting her brother near him. Hagrid moved away from the fireplace to show a fire flickering in the grate. Cassia and Harry stepped towards the sudden source of heat as Hagrid sat down on the couch. Cassia vaguely registered Hagrid pulling out a ridiculous assortment of items from his coat, but she was more focused on the chill being driven from her bones. It wasn't until Hagrid started cooking sausages that Cassia realized something strange was happening. She edged away from the giant man's arm, tugging on Harry's sleeve "I don't like this," she mumbled in her twin's ear. "He's freaky." "Cassie, he's not that bad," Harry protested. "I mean, he lit a fire for us and made us a cake for our birthday." "You can't keep meat in your pockets," Cassia hissed. "It'll go bad and yet this man-" "Here you are!" Hagrid interrupted. "All done." He handed Harry and Cassia a sausage each. Cassia eyed him nervously. "Who are you?" she asked, reflecting Harry's previous question. She needed answers and she wasn't about to let Harry ask. "Like I said, Hagrid, Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts," Hagrid answered. "I'm sorry, but I'm afraid we don't know what Hogwarts is," Harry said. "Yes, what is it?" Cassia added. Better she ask the question than Harry. "Yeh don't know what Hogwarts is?" Hagrid asked, resembling someone who'd just been told their puppy was run over. Yeh mean, the Dursley's never told you what it was?" "Sorry," Harry said. "Yeh shouldn't be apologizing Harry," Hagrid said, annoyance seeping into his tone. "It's them who should be sorry. I knew yeh weren't gettin' yer letters, but I never expected this. Yeh never wondered where you got it all? Where Lily and James learned it?" Cassia was even more curious now. She couldn't care less about her parents, but this was getting interesting. "STOP!" Vernon bellowed. Apparently his fear didn't extend to this. That only made Cassia more interested. "Right this instance! I forbid you to tell them anything." "You forbid me?" Hagrid said darkly, rising to his full height. Vernon squeaked and cowered away from him. Hagrid turned back to the twins and Cassia did her best to make herself look smaller. "Harry, Cassia, yer mum and dad, the two of yeh, yer magic. Wizards and witches, the lot of you. Dumbledore, he sent yeh with a letter explaining all of that, but I never thought yer aunt and uncle wouldn't tell yeh what you were." "Magic?" Harry breathed out. "But that-that's impossible. We're ordinary. We can't be-we just can't." Cassia stayed silent as Harry babbled on. Her head suddenly felt very full. She knew Hagrid was right. She and Harry had never been normal. It was only natural they were made of something greater than the Dursleys. No wonder they wanted to keep it hidden from the twins. They were scared of being undermined. Cassia wondered how soon she'd be able to punish the Dursleys for their treatment of her and Harry. "Here are yer letters. You should read them now," Hagrid said, handing over the letters. Cassia ripped hers open, eyes scanning over the letter. HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY Headmaster: ALBUS DuMBLEDORE (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Ms. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins September 1. We await you owl no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress "What does it mean by owl?" Harry asked, looking up from his letter. Hagrid's eyes lit up. "Oh, that reminds me!" He reached into his coat to pull out an owl. Cassia stared at it in amazement. How could an entire owl fit into the coat? And survive? Of course, the meat was still good and he did have all those kettles and things, and he was part of the world of magic. But what spell would you have to use to keep the pockets deep enough for all those things, and keep the owl alive, and the meat fresh? Did it come with the coat, or did Hagrid enchant it himself? "I can hear your brain running," Harry whispered to Cassia as Hagrid released the owl into the storm. "We'll figure this out later, let's just go with it for now." Cassia stuck her tongue out at him, but did her best to try to keep her mind from analyzing every little thing. She didn't want to miss anything because she was stuck in her own head. "They can't go," Vernon said suddenly. All eyes turned to him. His face was slowly turning from white to red, a sure sign of his impending anger. Cassia slowly placed herself in front of Harry. "I'd like teh see a muggle like you stop them," Hagrid snorted. "Muggle?" Harry blurted out. "Non-magical folk," Hagrid answered. "And this lot are the biggest muggles I've ever seen." "They can't go," Vernon repeated. "We took them in, but we swore we'd stomp out their… freakishness." Cassia flinched, realizing everything she and Harry had faced from the Dursleys was because of their heritage, because of something they were born as. "You knew?" Harry asked. Cassia couldn't bring herself to get upset with Harry's question. She was too angry at her relatives, who kept this from them, abused Harry for years for no reason at all. "Of course we knew," Petunia spat. "How could we not? Oh, my sister got a letter just like that, and every summer she was home, turning teacups