The boy who never lived After a birthday wish gone wrong Dudley is left in a world that he doesn't recognise. The only muggles left alive are slaves for the wizarding world's use or entertainment. He is a boy slave in Malfoy Manor, spared as a baby by his master who was sent to kill him. Can he find his magical aunt and uncle and change the world back to way it was. chapter. Happy birthday Dudley Harry Potter groaned as he awoke to the inevitable banging on the door of his cupboard. Aunt Petunia right on cue. It was his cousin's 10th birthday today and they were leaving for the theme park early. His uncle had said 7.30 am. That meant he had to be up before six to help with Dudley's special birthday breakfast. Aunt Petunia would be making sure it was a feast to fit a king as she always did for her precious son but today would be especially important because the family had a two hour car journey ahead of them. Harry wouldn't be going of course. He would be staying with the neighbor as usual. He wasn't deemed worthy of family outings or anything to do with the family really. "Get up! Get up!" hissed his aunt insistantly, but keeping her voice low so as not to wake the rest of the household, "Right now! I need you to make some pancake batter. Hurry up you lazy good for nothing brat! Vernon told you not to mess around today." After Petunia had finished her rant Harry heard her getting to work in the kitchen. He promptly got dressed and followed suit knowing what his punishment would be if he failed to obey her immediately. It could be anything up to being grounded in his cupboard for up to a month. If he didn't do as he was told immidiately and made himself useful to her then she didn't want him around at all. And if he told the school about how he was treated they wouldn't believe him anyway because everyone had him down as a liar and a delinquent. "Good, you're here." Petunia commented quickly, seemingly in a rush, "Well don't just stand their gawking like a dam fool. Get that batter made. Then I want you to make some sandwiches for the car. And make sure you spread the butter on ALL of the bread this time. There is nothing worse than dry crusts." Petunia went about setting the table and getting the pan ready for making the pancakes. "Hurry up with that batter!" she yelled as Harry attempted to make as little mess as possible but was failing. "You are utterly useless!" She snapped, as he accidentally got some shell into the mixture. "Here give it to me. I can always trust you to make a mess of things. Go on, get on with the sandwiches and makes sure your uncle's coffee is ready!" "Yes aunt Petunia." hurry mumbled quickly and went to get some bread out of the bread bin. He knew that Dudley would complain what ever sandwiches he chose to make. So he decided on the easiest, ham and cheese. He had just began to grate some cheddar when he heard the elephant like sounds of his cousin Dudley's feet clumping down the stairs. "Duddy! Happy birthday my special little man!" Petunia exclaimed fondly, giving her son a hug as he came waddling into the kitchen in is wrestling style pajamas. "Is daddy up yet Duddy dear?" "He's shaving." Dudley shrugged and dipped his pudgy finger into the pancake batter. "When's breakfast ready, I'm starving!" Dudley whined, placing his fat bottom onto a stool. "Soon treasure. why don't you go and put the telly on while you wait." Petunia tried soothingly. But Dudley wasn't to be placated. "But I'm hungry now!" he bellowed grumpily, "Tell Harry to cook it." "He'll only ruin it Duddy dear. And I want everything to be perfect for my special boy's big day." Petunia replied sweetly, "There are some crisps in the cupboard darling." Dudley huffed loudly and waddled over to the cupboard containing the family treats and flung it open. Harry watched as he stuffed his hands with three bags of cheese and onion, "What are you staring at!" he growled dangerously. "Got enough crisps there Pigley." Harry couldn't resist. It was worth the ear bashing from his aunt to see the look on Dudley's face. "Shut up freak." he yelled, shaking his fist in Harry's direction. "I'm just big boned aren't I mum." Dudley had become a little sensitive about his weight since a family friend had pointed it out recently. Petunia was there in an instant to defend her repugnant son. Waving a spatula at Harry she shouted "One more word out of you and you'll be feeling this across your backside." she threatened. "Get back to work! without scoffing it all for yourself in the process!" Dudley punched Harry in the arm before leaving the kitchen, "Don't know why you have to be here anyway. ruining my birthday as usual." He said in a fake sad voice. He was always trying to make his mother feel guilty for keeping Harry which made her hate her nephew even more. Soon enough breakfast was ready and everyone was sat around the table eating. Harry had to make do with some toast and a burned bit of bacon because Dudley had scoffed everything that was left in sight. "Now for the presents. Better open them now as we won't be back untill late tonight" Vernon announced heartily. " And you.." he spluttered forcefully pointing at Harry "Better behave yourself at the Fig woman's house. Or so help me god you will pay for it!" "Yes uncle Vernon." Harry replied bitterly as Petunia handed her son a massive wrapped parcel. "This one is from us. You have quite a haul this year." Petunia smiled in that sickly way she always did when it was directed at Dudley. It was a one of those silly robot toys. Dudley wouldn't play with it but wanted it because he had seen it on it on an advert. And so the presents were handed out to the lucky, spoiled little boy one by one untill thirty seven gifts were piled up on the floor most of which were things he would play with once and then discard in his second bedroom while Harry was never given anything except a few second hand toys Petunia might of picked up at a jumble sale. "Well we better get ready to go." Vernon said presently after Dudley had finished inspecting his new games for the nintendo. "Tidy up this mess while we get organised." he spat in Harry's direction. Harry sighed and set to work, gathering up all the ripped up wrapping paper off the table and floor. He could hear the phone ringing and aunt Petunia answering it. When he was finished he wandered out to see if his aunt and uncle were ready to go. It seemed as though they were but something was up. "Jeana just phoned." Aunt Petunia broke the news to her husband through gritted teeth, "There's been a problem at the park. They have had to close to visitors today." "What the devil. I paid for these tickets months ago. There better be some sort of refund!" he bellowed angrily. "This is going to hit Dudders hard. What are we going to organise at such short notice." Harry smirked. This served Dudley right for being such an ungrateful brat. This was like something he had been learning about in school. Karma. Bad things happen to bad people. But then bad things always happened to him and he wasn't bad. He was just surounded by bad people who did bad things to him. Dudley was getting a taste of his own medicine now. He would be crying his eyes out when he found out that his birthday wish to go to the new theme park was canceled. Harry could just imagine the look on his cousin's puffed up face like a gigantic baby he would wail and scream all day long or at least until lunch shut him up. It was just a shame that Petunia decided to tell Dudley the news up in his room where he was now, trying out one of his new computer games. Harry waited for the cries and they came like something out of a horror movie. Sensitive little Dudders as Petunia always referred to her son as was throwing one of the biggest tantrums of his life because this time his parents couldn't give him what he wanted. The day turned from bad to good as Harry munched on one of the sandwiches he had made for the car drive. With his aunt and uncle upstairs trying to calm Dudley down he was free for a while from their tyranny. He sat down and read one of Dudley's new books. His cousin would probably never even look at it anyway. About an hour later Vernon appeared in the living room looking very red in the face. He was so distracted that he forgot to scold Harry for touching his son's new things "Get your nose out of that book and get in the car. I'm going shopping to get Dudley some new presents and a take away to cheer him up. He's so upset that he doesn't want to leave the house. And if he sees you. He'' knock your teeth out the mood he's in at the moment." Harry obeyed immidiately. He was never taken shopping because he wasn't trusted enough to be out in public. The Dursely's always expected him to cause some sort of freak accident so they hardly ever took him anywhere. Vernon's first stop was a large street with lots of shops. He got out of the car and beckoned Harry to follow suit. He then did something that made Harry gasp in shock. He handed him a fiver. "Take this and get the hell out of here." He then pointed to a clock tower, "I want you back here by 4pm on the dot. And any of your nonsense and you won't see the light of day again. Do I make myself clear!" Harry nodded, "Thankyou Uncle Vernon." he spluttered in disbelief, "I will be back on time. I promise." "See that you are. And pick up some candles for Dudley's cake." Vernon said finally before getting in his car and driving away. Harry couldn't believe his luck. It was Dudley's birthday and he was spending it being miserable and Harry had five pounds in his pocket to spend on what ever he wanted. If he bought anything material then Dudley would break it or steal it so he would have to think carefully about what to spend the money on. How much were birthday candles he wondered. Probably not too much. But if he bought cheap ones then Vernon would go mad. He decided to get the candles first so he would have all day to decide what to do with the change. It was by now ten o'clock in the morning and seemed like ages ago that Dudley's birth had been ruined. It still gave Harry a warm glow inside as he walked along the bustling shops gazing in at the windows. Eventually he came to a shop that sold celebration supplies, he was about to go in when a man's voice from behind him called out. "What can I do you for lad. Why would you want to go in there for. Much to expensive and poor quality too." Harry turned around to see a funny old man sitting an equally funny looking stall. It seemed very out of place in constrast to the rest of street and Harry was very wary of the man. "Don't be afraid lad." the man said in an old, creaky sounding voice as