A/N: The plot doesn't show up in this chapter, or the next. It's going to take a minute to get to it or really see the changes. They're coming. If anyone knows me they'll know nothing is ever easy with me. Think of the first two as a sort of exposition for the real story. Screams. Every night when Capitol Citizen and Escort Effie Trinket had to leave her comfortable life and live a life of preparing two children for slaughter, her world was inhabited by them. Not from the two small people who were shaking and afraid and being marched to their deaths. No, the two children were always quiet and she made a point to try and make them comfortable though she had to keep her distance. She had to stay apart from them but every year she fell a little bit in love with them and had to watch some other child, no more or less innocent than they were, brutally murder them. Or she had to watch them starve or burn or some other method of 'entertainment'. Every year of her life she had watched it. She had wanted the fame of being an Escort, to get to work with the valiant warriors. She had wanted to be an escort to a strong district full of winners but she found that was not the life she got. No Effie was the Escort for 12. A district made of underdogs with no ability to fight and no real push to be victorious or spark of hope to even try. Not to mention that the mentor, though possibly attractive beneath the grime and alcohol, was a drunkard that didn't do his job. The first two she had tried to be a mother to, and encourage them to bring glory to their district and joy to the capitol, she had failed. They had both died early and brutally in a way that Effie could never stomach again, but it didn't stop her from falling in love with every single tribute she worked with even with the imagined distance she made. She thought it would make her hate Haymitch, blame him for not doing his job. It didn't. Instead she saw a man going through the same pain she was. Watching people he knew and had started to care for die over and over in the most horrible of ways. She kept her capitol face on but she never could understand how the other Escorts stayed so unaffected, unless they were hiding it like she was. However the screams may have been the worst. Over the years she had attached to Haymitch, he was a good man under it all. She could look into his grey eyes and stubble and see the man he could have been without the games haunting him. She could see the strength and bravery and spark in him. She remembered his games. She was so young, but he had been amazing. Really he had been a shock to everyone, not just because it was the Quarter Quell but also because he was genuinely a shock to see. She wondered who he would have been without all this pain, but then she never would have known him and she had to admit something about the man drew her to him. Perhaps it was partially because he was something she couldn't have. He hated her. There was no doubt in her mind about that. He made his views clear often by teasing everything about her. But as time went on something changed in the teasing. They had worked together for five years when it happened; suddenly the teasing went from a biting disgust to a more gentle welcome. Like his mockery was him welcoming a constant back into his life. She knew he kept his distance, though she didn't know why, but that was them being close. Most nights Haymitch would drink himself to a blackout, particularly with tributes there. He would not sleep until even later than she, and she was a capitol woman used to going down when the sun came up after some part or gathering. Then he would drink until his mind was quiet and he was sprawled on his bed rancid and still fully clothed. She knew because she would often wake him. Tonight however was the other kind of night. The kind when his body gave out from exhaustion. They had both been in a hard situation. Both tributes, though not twelve, were 13 and 14, which was hardly any better. She had been working hard trying to get them some chance of at least dying a merciful death and Haymitch had been desperately trying to avoid everything. That was when the screams started. Effie shot up form bed seeing the beginnings of the sun over the city. She yawned knowing it couldn't be long after she went to bed, perhaps an hour. She got up not bothering with her wig or make-up, they weren't needed for this. She had a plan, a plan that would give both of them something they needed. She stood in her lime green silk and lace nightgown, a show of luxury that she wore as a capitol citizen she knew Haymitch would hate. She walked quietly in the hall and heard the door of one of the tributes' rooms close with a gasp. She knew it must be a shock. Effie Trinket walking around without a wig or make-up was madness. She wasn't going into battle though, she was a spy this time, and she had to fit her surroundings. At this point she had worked with Haymitch nearly 10 years now. They knew each other, they were friends, and that stirring she had started feeling so long ago was only growing to the point she was either going mad, or he had started to return it, if only slightly. She had shown him other sides to her. When the tributes weren't around he got to see the part of her that was intelligent and caring. After they died he was the one to see her walk out of the room tense and close to tears, once it had been so grotesque and painful she hadn't been able to hold it back, she had cried right there and he had gotten closer and draped an arm around her in her moment of weakness. They had shared something in that moment that had changed their distant relationship forever. Now they weren't just coworkers, they were friends and her friend was being haunted, it was time she helped him out. Effie Trinket walked up to the door of Haymitch's room in her slip of a nightgown and opened the door not even knocking. She saw him thrashing around and knew better than to wake him suddenly. She had made that mistake once while he was passed out on the couch not even having a nightmare. She had nearly died that day and he hadn't talked to her for a week after and had yet to tell her why. "Haymitch." She said standing by the door and turning on the light. He jumped up with a knife in his hand looking terrified and she slid further into the room and closed the door behind her. "Who the hell are you." He said threateningly looking her over. She smirked, he really didn't recognize her? That was a shock. She would have been amused if it wasn't for the look of anger and fear and disgust in his face. She sighed and walked closer ignoring the knife he had pointed at her. "Honestly Haymitch, I know I wear a lot of make-up but I didn't think I was unrecognizable after 10 years!" She said putting on an air of affront that made his eyes go huge and drop the knife. "You look different Sweetheart. Nice dress." He said in a tone that told her he did not like the dress. She knew he wouldn't. "I'm sorry if it offends you. Here I can fix that." She said simple and uncaringly sliding the thin straps over her shoulders and letting the dress fall leaving her in nothing but her knickers and Haymitch staring at her trying not to look like he was enjoying himself but he was half asleep and probably half drunk and she was rather attractive, that she knew well. Sex and sexuality in the capitol was rather inconsequential. She herself had a rule that she had to actually feel something before she would sleep with someone, but it was a rather rare rule. In fact she was the only one she knew with a rule like that. But it had kept her happy and safe and she preferred it. Besides, from what she understood it felt better with emotions. Haymitch did not seem to know this side of the capitol however if his response had anything to do with it. He looked like she had just told him she'd gone entirely mad, but he seemed to be enjoying it if the way his eyes roamed over her body said anything. She felt her stomach dance with anticipation. Four years was too long. She had had less interest in people since her attention was drawn to the man before her. Suddenly people she would have melted for before weren't enough to keep her happy, suddenly she needed more, and she needed him. That was part of where the idea had sparked from in her sleepy mind. He needed someone to distract him from his nightmares and grant him a restful sleep and she needed to get him out of her system so she could look at other men again. "What the hell are you doing?" He ground out his eyes still not on hers, but rather glued to her chest. His anger seemed to be countered by the way his Adam's apple bobbed up and down at his swallow and the fire in his eyes that showed nothing of anger. She sauntered closer to him utterly comfortable in the situation and with her body, which she worked very hard on to keep flawless and knew it was amazing. "Well I'm trying to make you more comfortable. It's impossible to seduce someone when they're tense over what you're wearing it's much more polite to take whatever they are opposed to off when you seduce them. Manners Haymitch, manners are the key to any good seduction." She chided gently flirting as she moved in a seductive way making his eyes travel her curves to land on her swinging hips. His hands shot out as she drew close enough and landed on her shoulders, keeping her at arm's length. "Effie." He said his voice low trying to sound dangerous but thundered down her spine like an ocean of pleasurable needles zooming over her skin that was already feeling the cold, except the place his too warm hands touched her. "Yes Haymitch." She said shimmying out of her knickers as she walked and kicking them over by her dress. "We can't do this." He said trying to be firm but his eyes again straying to a place below her face did not help his plight. "Dear God, you people shave down there?" He said sounding shocked. She rolled her eyes and scoffed at him. "It's not shaved, it's a hair removal treatment, and it's done with a laser. And not everyone does, most dye it but I didn't really want to go through the effort to keep that up." She said ignoring the part saying they couldn't do this. Of course they could, they were two adults, nothing was stopping them, and they obviously felt something for each other or he wouldn't have looked at her enough to know the question he just asked. Haymitch stared for a few more seconds before shaking his head and looking into her eyes and the proximity to her he actually seemed to be able to look