A/N: Basically this is fluffy Holiday Smut... because friend. Thank you to tumblr's Tessdebelle for being my beta and encouraging me to do things like holiday smut. Enjoy! It was snowing in District 12. Christmas had rolled around and everyone was preparing for the holiday. There wasn't much to be had in the poor District, but what there was was being put under trees and wrapped and shared with family and friends. Families were all cooking and preparing and children were running excited. Most families would get together with another and make sure everyone had enough to go around and share this time of year in celebration. Even the capitol gave an extra ration of food, not much but enough. This year Haymitch Abernathy wasn't the only man in victor's village, and Peeta and Mrs Lily Everdeen had come by to demand he come to dinner at the Everdeen house this year and, as her family wanted him there so badly, Katniss had come by an hour before and dragged Haymitch into a somewhat dressed state and hauled his ass and into a chair with a cup of tea. He was supposed to be friendly and companionable and sober and he was not happy about it as such a state seemed to be an oxymoron to him. Prim was chattering to him innocently in that way that made her impossible to hate though, so he wasn't in quite as bad of a mood. Suddenly there was a knock at the door. Haymitch's eyebrows drew together. Mrs Mellark was not allowed in the Everdeen house by order of Lily who had never liked the woman, so she and her husband were celebrating with their other sons in the Mellark house. Gale and his family were already there, Peeta, Katniss, Mrs Everdeen, Prim, and him. He counted and recounted trying to think of who they could be missing. "I'll get it!" Prim popped up excitedly and ran to the door and Peeta was right behind her. Prim threw the door open and there before her stood Effie Trinket in light makeup, her hair done in a half up do but her natural golden-blonde hair tumbling over her shoulders, and a simple red velvet dress with some crystal and gold decorations on the cuffs and the beep v-neckline tht could be considered flirty but was just appropriate enough to be allowed. "Hey, Effie! You made it!" Peeta said brightly welcoming her in. "I did. Hello Peeta! It's good to see you again. And this is Primrose yes?" Effie's accent floated around the house, making Haymitch grouse, and take a deep drink of his tea pretending it was something stronger. If he was going to put up with Effie all night he would need it. "You look amazing!" Peeta commented making Gale and Katniss both turn to look at the door and their jaws dropped. So it was something different. What on earth had the Capitol fashion dissolved to this time? God he hoped it wasn't something sparkling. He wouldn't be able to take the headache of the multicolored monstrosities. Effie smiled at the door and shivered a little. "Thank you. I asked Cinna to design me something a little more District and a little less Capitol." She explained almost sounding shy. That made Haymitch move to try and get a glimpse, but he refused to move from his chair no matter what his curiosity and decided he didn't care, even if he did just a little bit. Suddenly Mrs Everdeen walked into the room in a flutter and saw Effie with a bright smile. "Oh Ms Trinket you look beautiful. Peeta bring her in here before she catches her death of cold. Prim come help in the kitchen, dinner's almost ready. Please Ms Trinket! Come sit in the living room. Can I get you anything?" She asked playing the host and shooing Peeta and Prim from the door and bringing Effie in but not far enough for Haymitch to catch a glimpse of more than a deep red flash that went back telling him it wasn't as big as her usual dress. "Oh no Dear, thank you. But please, call me Effie! It's only fair. Thank you so much for inviting me to your home! It's lovely." Effie gushed warmly. She would have gotten on well with Lily Everdeen there was no question about that really, it was no surprise. "Hey, Effie." Katniss greeted. "You look nice. This is Gale, my friend. He and his family are staying for dinner." Katniss informed with as warm a smirk as Katniss could give and Gale stepped forward and offered a hand. "Hello Effie, nice to meet you." He said with a charming smile that made Haymitch want to hit the guy for some reason he didn't really understand. Then Effie stepped out smiling at him with a blush on her cheeks Haymitch's eyes popped from his head and his jaw hit the floor seeing Effie in a dress that actually fit her body. It went down her curves in a fit that wasn't too tight but showed them off well. Her heels were simple and showed her legs, which were left on display by the long sleeve dress that only went to mid-thigh. Haymitch sat up a little straighter looking her over. This was not the normal Effie. Where they even sure this was Effie? Effie took the hand shaking it warmly and looking utterly taken by Gale's charm. "Thank you, you as well." She said and looked between the two. "Well, has Haymitch elected to show up yet or is he too drunk to attend?" She asked trying to distract herself. Oh yeah, that was Effie no doubt about that. "Aw Princess, I knew you cared!" He called to her sarcastically not moving a muscle knowing it would piss her off. "Umm I'm gonna go help your mom and Prim in the kitchen." Peeta said to Katniss seeing the coming fighting and wanting to escape. Katniss looked at Peeta then to Haymitch and Effie. "Well come join you. Come on Gale." She said and the three moved to the kitchen the Victors knowing all too well what was coming between the two. "Well, it is a surprise to see you dragged yourself out of your cave. Though, it is usually polite to stand when you greet someone." She chastised him walking into the room cautiously and looking around like she didn't know where to sit, though her hands were primly on her hips showing her frustration at him. "Well I wasn't greetin ya so that takes care of that." He said grumpily then huffed at her hesitance to take a seat not liking her towering over hi so much. "They're not gonna bite ya Princess, just sit." He said sounding aggravated. Really it was hard not to keep staring at her legs when she was standing like that. When did they get so long and attractive? Had they always looked like that? When did she get so hot? It was weird seeing beneath the makeup and he wasn't sure if he liked it and wanted to stare, or hated what it was doing to him wanted to run away from it. It was a bit of a hard choice, and probably a little bit of both. "Oh never mind." She huffed and cautiously walked to the couch taking a seat closest to the chair he was in her back was ramrod straight and she crossed her hands in her lap. "You are impossible you know that?" She said in a huff. He smirked and raised his teacup like he would a tumbler. "Yes I do." He said with a smile. "It's my special skill." He added taking a drink. "So how they convince you to come out here to the dirty Districts?" He asked with mockery in his tone at the wordy dirty. "No one had to convince me! They asked and I was more than happy to come." She said sounding very put off by his assumption she wouldn't want to be with them on Christmas. To him though, she shouldn't want to be with them on Christmas. He scoffed to her to hide his confusion. "What, no good parties?" he mocked. "Actually, most of the Capitol throws their parties in the weeks before and after Christmas. The day itself is dedicated to families! There was nowhere else I would rather be." She informed him flatly looking at him as though challenging him to find fault in that. That didn't make any sense to him. What about her real family, or friends in the Capitol. Why would she waste a holiday here instead of with them? He was about to respond when Mrs Everdeen walked out. "Dinner is served. Oh Effie! I'm sorry they just left you here with Haymitch, what would you like to drink?" She asked warmly to the guest. Effie fidgeted feeling very out of place. She was here for Katniss and Peeta and Haymitch and as of yet all she had encountered was Haymitch being very unhappy she was here and a tense Peeta and Katniss, though weather it was her or because they were being strange with each other she was unsure. "Tea if you please. Thank you again for inviting me. I'm so glad I could be here." She said sounding genuinely pleased and making Haymitch look up at her confused as to why the hell she would be happy with being stuck with them all Christmas. "Of course! We're just happy you could come." Mrs Everdeen said and turned to Haymitch. "Come on you! Before the food gets cold!" he grumbled and stood up and offered Effie an arm. "Come on Princess. Family's waiting." He said on the brink of charm and she blushed and smiled brightly, glad to have him at least pretending to be glad she was there. "Thank you." She said warmly and they walked into the room taking the only two empty seats. They were right next to each other, on one side of Effie was Prim; the other side of Haymitch was Peeta. Dinner was actually really nice. Everyone talked and laughed, even Haymitch once or twice. Every so often he would look at Effie and she would have this weird expression on her face, something like happiness but it was more than that. It was peaceful, and warm, and things he had never experienced before. He liked it, it looked good on her face, and he wanted to be the one to put it there more often. He also found he liked her face like that. If you looked close enough you could see pale little dots that looked a bit like freckles not covered by her foundation. Everything about her was light and natural and so different from anything he'd ever seen except that one night he walked into her bedroom instead of his but he was too drunk to remember too much of it, now however, he was starting to wish he remember more. Suddenly when all the food was eaten Effie looked to Mrs Everdeen. "Um is this the right time to exchange gifts?" She asked politely. "I wasn't sure if now would be ok. I have something for everyone and would be so glad if you opened them now." She added as a cautious explanation like she might be stepping over some boundary. "You didn't have to get us anything." Katniss popped up looking around the table. "Oh but I wanted to Dear! It's the least I could do and it is Christmas after all." Effie said Primrose turned to Effie with the brightest smile and all the Hawthorne children were abuzz with excitement. "Thank you Miss Effie! Do you need help carrying them?" She asked sweetly and all the kids looked up ready to help, probably by carrying their own gifts. Haymitch himself was curious as to what she would get him, probably some sort