My eyes swung open;it was like my nightmare became a reality. My arms slung over the side of my decaying wooden bed and my head entwined with worn out blue sheets,exactly like the way I was lay in the arena except vines tangled my head and a knife was strewn beside me smothered in my blood,I was slowly bleeding to death from the main arteries in my neck I'm panting and searching for breath when I realise it wasn't real. I look out of the window to see tiny white particles of snow falling into heaps on the ground,I feel my eyes glisten and happiness in my stomach,something I haven't felt since my mother,father and brother died maybe my family have come back as the particles to protect me and wish me luck. I pluck myself up off my bed like I would pluck a turkey or a gosling from the forbidden Forrest near my house,I slide a chiffon white dress with a gold collar over my shoulders and let it fall to my knees and I slip on my gold and black leather shoes with buttons I have these shoes because of my aunty and uncle who kindly took me in after the death of my family; they traded 5 turkey's and all the bread they had to the peacekeepers in exchange for a black and gold vintage sewing machine,so I could make these now ripping shoes. There is no way we could afford any new clothes,I live in district 4,a district lay on the edge on panem,we produce seafood for the Capitol,even though we are not the poorest,it is hard to get a decent meal and there are no shops to buy clothes so if you can't sew then you are stuck with the clothes that are handed down to you.I then flick my hair to behind my shoulders and I start to braid the front and sides of my hair intricately and the rest of my red hair just falls into pin curls,my natural style. I glide through the hallway into the kitchen where my aunt is making breakfast I grab a roll off the side,peck her on the check and quickly slip through the door before she can object,I wanted to see finnick before the bell tolls for all the district to stand outside In front of a stage where a colourful lady from the Capitol decides whether your going to live or die,we don't have many victors here in four except from the careers that train until they are 18 so they can volunteer and hopefully secure a place as a victor. There he is I see him sat on the beach with his bronze hair being blown around by the breeze coming off the dull sea now polluted by factories from the other districts. "Careful you might ruin your best clothes" he seems startled by my voice but also glad that the voice belonged to me,he gives a half smile and then pats the ground next to him,I'm guessing that gesture was for me to sit. For a 14 year old he looked a lot older and a lot wiser but still beautiful,his golden skin,his golden hair and his bold green eyes,if we were in district 12 I would of made some pun about how I struck lucky finding a piece of gold in a pile of cole but we are not and I don't think that the joke would have any effect on him anyway. I stare intently at the side of his face and I can see the despair in his eyes "everything is going to be okay you know" I don't know why I said this,because I don't know,I don't know who is going to get reaped,I don't know who is going to have a victor,I just lied to my bestfriend. Finally he speaks up "I can't stop thinking of Annie" annie is finnicks sister who won the games 2 years ago however whilst she was in the arena she saw her bestfriend get killed which sent her crazy and 6 months after she got home she hung herself,I don't know wether it was an act of defiance or an act of love,did she want to be with her bestfriend in heaven? There was a moment of silence and then it came to me "Finnick you see this snow?" I look around remembering how I thought that my family was amongst the tiny particles looking out for me. "Annie could be here with you looking up to you,making sure your keeping strong" he looks around at the snow lay at the edges of the sand "maybe your right,thanks" he kisses me on the forehead and stands up dusting the sand off his blue pants "you ready" the bell tolls and I take his hand as we walk to the square where potentially our lives could change forever. As we draw closer peace keepers dressed in white shove us into lines,my fingers separate from finnicks and we each nod our heads to one another,I'm shuffling forward and I know what's coming next,of course I know what's coming this is my third reaping,a needle impales my finger tip and the blood that seeps out is smothered on a piece of yellow paper,they scan the blood and my name appears in green letters on the monitor screen. We are pushed into lines parted by our age,12 at the front,18 at the back. My green eyes dart back and forth as I try and find finnick on the other side but I can't, before I can take a second look around the microphone sounds and a women who goes by the name of ocelia dressed in a full pink dress and sparkling gold heels is standing on stage excited and ready for the reaping, "welcome,welcome,welcome to the reaping of the 65th hunger games! As always ladies first" I can feel my heart thumping in my ears and what makes it worse is that I can't find finnick to throw me a charming smile to calm me down just like every other year,I watch her hand intensely as it flys back and forward,then finally she plucks one out just like I did with my self when I got out of bed this morning. The paper is unfolded and my heart is beating so loud that I couldn't hear the name that she read out, all I could hear was finnicks voice shouting no,I look around and all eyes are on me,some with tears some with no expression at all, what is going on? Then I hear it. "Orchid Rivendell" My body is numb,how could this happen, I only have my name in 6 times,people who have taken tesarrie have their name in more than 20 times, there's some kind of pressure on my back and arms,it's peacekeepers;they are driving me forward down a path of rubble up to the stage where I watch the tears flow from other tributes eyes,I never thought people would be watching mine, I look out over to the boys side desperately trying to find some comfort from a face that just with a glance your heart melts,he's not there,I can feel my eyebrows creasing that's when I realise,the person who I've been looking for,the person who I care about so much is stood next to me,tears flowing from his eyes as he looks at me with the same look that I'm feeling overcome my face,two bestfriends forced to fight against eachother,how am I going to do this. I feel finnicks hand reach mine and he shakes it but I am in to much shock to realise. I stare out at my aunty and uncle who are crying,they are probably reminiscing about my mother,who was 14 and won,"this is fate" I whisper to myself,then I realise who would want this kind of fate,it isn't an honour to be chosen,it is a punishment for not living in the Capitol. After I catch Ocelias last sentence "and may the odds be ever in your favour" I kick the microphone off the stage and start to scream and before I can carry on with my epidemic finnicks hands are restraining myne ,only for a little while because I feel the warmth ripped off me and cold tugging me into the justice building before I do anymore damage. I am dragged into a beautiful train carriage filled with food and drink that I have never tasted in my life,my anger sinks and my sadness grows,how could I act out like that when finnick was stood on his own force to think about Annie and her bestfriend that went in together. Finnick! "Where is he" I say softly to Ocelia "he's just in the other carriage talking to tanner" "who's that?" I demand "he is your mentor sweetheart,just calm down and enjoy the ride" Ocelia sounds so calm in her very British accent it starts to soothe me down until the words 'enjoy the ride' register in my head,before I can say anything hurtful to her I storm out the carriage in search of finnick,I find him sitting on a golden leather sofa listening to a man who was extremely muscly but had a soothing voice just like finnicks,he must of won the games before I was born because he doesn't look at all familiar,blue eyes,dark hair,he doesn't even look like he is from district 4 but of course he is otherwise he wouldn't be a loud to be our mentor. "You must be tanner" I blurt out which catches the attention of both the boys,finnicks eyes are red from crying, I run over and wrap my arms around him and whisper into his shoulder "I'm sorry,I'm so sorry" that's when I notice a tear trickling down his back. We both sit down and listen to tanner about how to find shelter and what food we should eat to stay healthy and alive,the word alive makes me shudder in fear,I think finnick notices this and he gently lets one arm slip around my shoulders and pull me in closer,how can he be this strong,how can anybody be strong in the games? For me it seems merely impossible for me not to cry. 2 hours pass and Ocelia shouts us into the siting room,we gladly follow orders and step through the carriage doors. "We have visitors" next to Ocelia a man quite scrawny holding a bottle of clear liquid staggers towards finnick to shake his hand, maybe it's water I think but then that idea quickly erases out of my mind when I see him stumble across me to the bar and pour more into a flask,I see Ocelia roll her eyes and tut. "Everybody this is Haymitch" what is he doing here,doesn't he have tributes to mentor from 12? Haymitch is the only surviving victor from district 12,he won in a quarter quell,a quarter quell is when the Capitol mix up the games and show that they still own us,for Haymitch this meant fighting against double the tributes,normally there is 24 to fight but for Haymitch it was 48. "So where's your tributes" I ask looking directly at his yellow eyes. "There in district 12,that's where we are going now sweetheart" Haymitch is talking to me like I am stupid,ugh why does he have to act so patronising even when he is not saying anything his eyes still scream sarcasm. Ocelia cherps up during the stare out between me and Haymitch "you see orchid we are dropping Haymitch off at district 12 because he stayed in the Capitol for a couple of months,the tributes from 12 will ride along in the same train but 5 carriages away so there will be no interruptions for you too" "good" I snap as I turn on my heel,grab finnicks hand and walk to the training room. The last thing I want is to be mixing and making friends with people whom I may actually have to kill in in the