The smell of fresh espresso brewing and pastries baking wafted through the air heavily, lulling me into a dreamy state of mind. Bringing the ceramic mug to my lips, I smiled as the warm familiar flavor of chocolate and coffee woke my taste buds. A loud crash from the kitchen caused me to jump, a few drops of the dark liquid splashing out and staining the white table cloth that was previously pristine for tonight's services. "Idiota!" I heard my father yell out from behind the closed kitchen door, my mind picturing his image with hands thrown above his head as he waved his fists around in a fit of temper. It was a sight most everyone who knew him has seen many of times. "Isabella." My mother spoke, her voice heavy with accent. "You have made a mess of yourself. Change that table cloth, now." She snapped her fingers at me, turning to go and see what all the commotion was about in the kitchen. Rolling my eyes, I left my seat and walked away in search of Emmett. "Lauren, table eight needs a new table cloth." I smiled as I passed one of the waitresses who was setting fresh flowers into vases that would adorn each table. My parents insisted daily flowers be delivered and arranged for each table before they opened the doors every evening. The restaurant was warm feeling. Lots of rich dark wood from the tables to the doorways, and accent ceiling beams. Antique chandeliers my Nonno Abello shipped from Italy placed strategically, no one like the other. The colors ranging from creamy white to a deep burgundy. It was one of my favorite places to be. My mother, Renata, was from what my father called 'the old country'. She has lived in America since she was eighteen, over twenty years, and still holds a strong accent. My grandfathers had arranged their marriage from birth, joining together the Italian and American Italian families. My Grandfather Emesto could be a bit of a snob about ones who left their homeland for American soil. The story of my parents was told to me by my fathers father, Grandfather Cigno. My parents had never met, the arrangement never even mentioned till they reached their eighteenth birthday. Once it was announced my father rebelled, fancying himself in love with a girl he went to school with. One look at my mother a week later, he then readily agreed to the marriage. Ten months later my older brother was born. Of course my father had named him Emmett instead of Emesto Jr as was wished and in a indirect way, demanded. It was his way of snubbing my Grandfather Emesto. He was the one who started calling me Bella, my mothers maiden name being Abello, which lead to me ordering everyone else to call me that. As I turned the corner to follow the small hallway that led to the back office, I bumped into something very solid. Looking up I jumped back slightly when I realized it was a man. My mother always complained of my tendency to get lost in thought and ignore everything around me. "Excuse me, I'm very sorry." His voice low, a bit of a rumble coming from his throat. I looked up and immediately appreciated his looks. He was very likely the most handsome man I have ever seen. His strong jaw was covered in what seemed to be a few days of stubble, his full lips looking soft despite the slight frown they held. "Are you alright?" "Yes, of course. I'm Bella." I introduced as my eyes continued their inspection. His perfectly shaped nose to the dark green eyes that bore into mine, never wavering to look me over as I was him. "Edward." "We aren't open yet." I declared, lifting my head slightly at his short answer. I couldn't deny to myself how I wanted him to look at me, to see lust grow in those emerald eyes. I was a tad conceited but I knew my figure was one that drew male attention, much to the displeasure of my father and brother. This strange man was gorgeous. His hair was an unruly mess of short strands that looked to desperately want to curl, a color I was sure I haven't ever seen before. A dark brown that looked auburn when the light hit it a certain way. I was growing irritated he didn't seem affected by me in the least. "I know. I was meeting with Emmett Cigno." "He's my older brother. Do you work together?" Just my luck, the first man to catch my eye would be a made man or capo. My father would have a fit if I even mentioned the idea of becoming involved with a man who was considered beneath me. "No, we went to college together. I was just stopping by to say hello." Interesting. Could he really be just a civilian? I wonder what Papa would have to say about that. "You are from here then?" He narrowed his eyes, apparently annoyed with all my questioning. "My parents recently bought a house outside of town." I was growing more and more displeased at having to pull conversation from him. I sharpened my eyes and turned with my nose in the air, leaving him to stare after me. I may have swung my hips a bit more than necessary. "Ciao, Edoardo." Prolonging my farewell longer than needed. I walked into Emmett's office without knocking, throwing myself into a soft leather chair that sat across from his desk. "I have asked you to knock before entering a multitude of times." He muttered without looking up from the stack of papers in front of him. My brother was a handsome man, the clone of our father. His hair was dark as were his eyes. Built like a line backer with lightly tanned skin and a blinding smile that made the female population swoon. I could never help but return a smile when he threw one in my direction. "Who was that man?" "You will have to give me more information than that, duckling." He looked at me with twinkling eyes and a slanted smile. "Edoardo, or rather Edward I believe he said." I tried to act as if I hadn't a real care, inspecting my nails. As if the man had no affect on me though I had my thighs pressed tightly together while imagining him naked on my bed Once I spoke his name, Emmett's look turned sharp, looking at me with calculating eyes. "You met him then?" He stated more than asked as he leaned back in his chair, rocking slightly. "Just passed by on my way here. He seems strange." "I assume that means he didn't fall to his knees and beg you to marry him." "Excuse me?" "Oh my darling sister, you are so transparent. You think any man who doesn't grovel at your feet is strange." I huffed and crossed my arms over my chest. "Tuck that lip back in." He chuckled, throwing a hard candy at me. I grinned at him as I unwrapped the treat, popping it into my mouth. I moaned slightly as the butterscotch flavor melted in my mouth. "My favorite." "Only reason I have them in my office." "Is he gay?" I asked causing Emmett to fill the room with loud laughter. "If college was any indication, no. Back to my question, of what concern is Edward to you?" "None of course, just being noisy. What are you working on?" "We have a shipment coming in tonight. Just double checking our steps and who will be going." "Will Edward be there?" "Again with your questions of him. No, he isn't part of our lifestyle. It would be best if you see him again not to mention it." Even I wasn't allowed to know much of our family's business. Of course I knew well enough my father is a criminal, his father before him and my brother after him. I knew not to bring it up around strangers and to never answer any questions I was asked. I was to always obey my father and I would be granted a wad of cash. If my brother was not with me I was to have a guard, to look pretty and stay silent. One thing my father did make sure of though was that I knew how to shoot, and shoot well. "I'm not stupido, Emmett." I sniffed insolently. "You have never shown an interest in any man. Now you are suddenly asking questions about a man who is unaware of your way of life. "Enough, my mistake for being rumoroso." I glared at him. "James is having dinner with Papa tonight." He announced, effectively changing the subject. "What? Promise me you will sit with them, please Emmett!" "I have to be at the dock tonight, Bells." "Don't try to brush me off! You are my brother, my protector! How can Papa even consider marriage with that serpent?" "You should be married, having bambini." "I am only twenty two." "Rose was twenty when we married." "What about what I want. There hasn't been anyone who has caught my attention enough to please me." "You are acting like a spoiled princess." "I am a princess." I grinned at him mischievously. "Not just any princess, but a Mafia Principessa. You must strengthen our family Isabella." "I have heard the speech from Papa, I thought you at least would be on my side." He stood up and walked around his desk, kissing the top of my head before responding. "I am always on your side. Who ever you marry will treat you like a goddess or I will cut his throat." He winked with a child like grin. "That you will." Giving both his cheeks a kiss. "Please Em, wont you sit with Papa during the dinner, just for a short time? You know as well as I do what kind of man he is. Papa is blind by the lies James' father tells. He uses more than he sells, and I have heard the rumors of how he treats women." "Who have you been talking to?" He roared. "This is not a topic appropriate for my baby sister." "Stuff it Emmett. Tell me the truth, do you want me married to a man like that?" "No." He admitted with a sigh. "But I can't go against our father. We must accept his wishes." "Then tell Papa of the rumors!" "Do you want to cause a war between the families? If I tell him of what is being said he will be furious that James even dared to approach him." I looked up at him with sad, pleading eyes. I knew he couldn't resist me when I looked at him like this. "I will do my best." He sighed. "Now go. I have work to finish up if I am to make the dinner." "I love you fratello." I blew him a kiss and shut the office door behind me. "Perhaps I should mention Edward to Papa?" He called after me. "Mama!" I yelled as I stormed down the hall ignoring the teases from my brother, now stepping back into the dining area. "Isabella, what is all the noise about? We are about to open the doors." "Did you know Papa is having dinner with James tonight?" "I do not ask your father of his business." She stated flippantly with a wave of her hand. "Mama! James wants to marry me!" "He is a handsome boy." "I don't like him!" "How can you say that? You dated for three years during high school." "And I broke up with him after graduation. I do not love him!" "Love will come later." "He is not a good person! Why are you taking everyone's side but mine?" "Hush my darling girl. We will discuss this tonight. Allow your father the benefit of the doubt, yes?