This is one of the first stories I have written, but I didn't like how I wrote it, causing me to stop before it was completed and I took it down. I am now rewriting each chapter, changing plots and adding new ideas. Hopefully I don't disappoint as I did myself when I first tried this one out! "Bella, I swear, you will be fine." My father again tried to reassure me yet again. I sat pouting as I gazed out the window of the car at the school in front of us. My father had decided to move us to the small town he had grown up in. I was not as thrilled at the idea as he was. The place was tiny, not even a forth the population as where we came from. It wasn't that I was adverse to small towns, it was just harder to hide in the crowd while in them. For as long as I could remember, it had always just been my father and I. He said that he and my mother dated through high school, she took off after graduation, never contacting him again till she showed up unexpectedly with a baby in her arms. She handed me to him, only days old, apologized, and left. Neither of us has heard from her since. He was heart broken, refusing to stay in the town where all knew of what happened, not willing to have their sympathetic or judging eyes watch him try to raise his daughter, knowing that Renee left him with a baby to care for alone. "The Cullen kids will be in the same grade as you, I am sure you will have classes together." "Dad, just because you grew up with their parents, doesn't mean we will be friends, I haven't even met them yet." "Esme and Carlisle told them to keep an eye out for you, you will meet them soon enough. We arrived too late last night to visit. I will pick you up after school is out." "Thanks, but I can walk." I grumbled, getting out and slamming the car door behind me. I watched as his car drove away, leaving me feeling more alone than ever in this new town. I turned and started walking to the front of the building, not really paying attention to my surroundings when a car horn blaring next to me caused me to jump and drop my bag, watching with mortification as it bust open, half of its contents falling out and rolling away from me on the pavement. "Chill out Lauren, you could have waited." Someone yelled while walking toward me. "Let me help." I stared with an open mouth, unable to make my mind process anything coherent. The only thing it was able to form in my now mushy brain was how gorgeous the boy now standing in front of me was, watching as he bent to throw everything into my bag, standing up quickly handing it back to me. "Thanks." I finally mumbled, making my hand reach out and grab the straps from him. His green eyes crinkled a bit as he gave me a smile. "I'm guessing you are new here since I haven't seen you before, I'm Edward." He held out his hand for me to shake. "Bella." "Ah, the infamous Bella Swan." He grinned, causing me to blush. "I'm Esme's son, your Dad and my Mom were friends growing up. She told me you would be attending soon, though I had no idea it was this soon. I am offering my services for any needs you may have." He said giving a small bow, making me giggle slightly. "Thanks. My Dad told me I would probably be meeting you soon." I said softly, blushing as I noticed a few people standing by their cars watching us. I kept glancing up at him as he talked about the school and what teachers I would and would not like. It was hard to really pay attention to what he was saying when his voice alone mesmerized me. "This is Bella Swan." He said smiling at the receptionist behind the office desk as we entered the small, cramped room. "Of course, we have been expecting you!" The older woman said giving me a warm smile. "Here is you schedule and locker information. I am sure Edward here will help show you the way, there is a map also as a reference." She handed me a stack of papers, which I shoved into my bag, keeping the locker number and combination out. "You are close to my cousin's locker." He said, looking over my shoulder at the numbers printed on the piece of paper. "Is she Carlisle's daughter?" I asked, remembering the little bit of information Charlie had supplied me with. "Yes, the little pixie." He chuckled, leaving me slightly confused. "Hi! I'm Alice Cullen!" A small bouncing ball of energy greeted me as we stopped in front of a locker. "Hi, Bella." I said giving her a shy smile. "I'm so happy to meet you! My father told me you would be arriving soon! Our fathers were best friends, I know we will be also. Tell me all about yourself!" She gushed. "There isn't much to know really." I muttered, my face again turning red from the attention. "Oh, I bet you are much more interesting than you think you are. Have you checked out the mall outside of town? It's about a forty-five minute drive but much better than anything that might be closer. We will have to take a shopping trip together soon." Did she even breathe? I wondered as she kept a steady stream of conversation. "Alice, they came into town last night, remember?" "Oh, that's right." She said with a small frown. "Can I see your schedule? Maybe we have some classes together. I handed her the paper from my bag as I packed things into my locker that I wouldn't need during the day. "We have first period together, lets go!" She chirped, wrapping her arm into mine, leading the way. I looked back at Edward who was still standing near my locker, watching us walk away with amusement. The class subject in Science class was something I had already completed at my previous school so it was hard to really pay attention even if Alice wasn't jabbering away in my ear. At least it wouldn't be hard to do the homework. The next two classes, History and Gym, went by quickly. Luckily I was allowed to sit out for Gym class today. I met another Cullen, Emmett, who was Alice's older brother. He greeted me loudly as he ran by with a basket ball, saying he would see me later, all focus on the game being played. I walked into the lunch room and heard my name being called, looking up I saw Edward waving for me to join his table. "How is your first day going?" "Okay I guess." I mumbled. "It must be hard starting over." He said apologetically. "It isn't that bad. I just hate all the stares associated with being the new kid." "Maybe they are staring at your beauty." I felt his breath on the side of my face and turned to see he had leaned close to whisper into my ear. I blushed as he laughed softly and placed his hands over mine to squeeze reassuringly before going back to eating his lunch. "Swan, I told you I would meet up with you soon." Emmett said smiling, sitting across the table from me. "This is Rosalie, my girl." He said, nodding his head to the tall blonde who was currently taking the seat next to him. "Hello." She said, giving me a friendly smile. "Bella! I see you have met everyone!" Alice said excitedly sitting down next to me, a quiet blonde boy sat next to her giving me a smile and a nod. "This is Jasper, Rosalie's twin. Jasper, Rose, Emmett and Edward are all Seniors. I tried to follow the conversation going on around me but my eyes couldn't stray from Edward who also kept glancing back at me. "Eddie!" A girl called sweetly as she neared the table, rubbing her palm over Edward's cheek. "Stop Tanya." He growled, pulling his head away from her touch. "I'm Tanya." She said, giving me a calculating look. "Bella." I replied quietly, feeling uneasy with her attention. "Well, nice to meet you. See you later Eddie." She said, kissing Edward's cheek she had previously touched as she walked away. "Damn, she doesn't take a hint does she?" Emmett said laughing at Edward's discomfort. "Girlfriend?" I asked. "Ex-girlfriend." He grumbled, biting into an apple. "Bella, did you know that your and Edward's house is on the same property?" Alice asked, changing the subject. "No, I haven't seen much more than the inside of the house." I admitted. "There is a small trail behind your house. If you follow it, you will arrive at my house in less than ten minutes." Edward informed me. The bell rang, sounding the end of the period and we all stood to head to our next class. I couldn't help but follow Edward's form as he walked in the opposite direction of Alice and I, goofing off with Emmett as they went to their own class. Alice giggled causing me to turn red for what felt like the hundredth time. After two more classes, one of which was with Alice, I grabbed my bag from my locker and left the school to start my walk home. "Bella!" I looked over to see Edward, his cousins, along with Rosalie and Jasper standing in the parking lot near what I assumed to be their cars. "Do you want a ride?" Edward asked me. "Um, do you have room?" I asked, looking over the large group in front of me. "Of course, Rose and Jasper ride together, as do Emmett and Alice." He laughed. That made sense, they lived together after all. "Jasper, would you mind bringing Alice home?" Emmett asked as he cuddled Rose close to him. "Sure." "See you tomorrow Bella!" Alice waved giddily as she stared at Jasper wistfully. "Poor guy." Edward chuckled. "So, may I drive you home?" "You don't need to go out of your way." "We are neighbors, remember?" He asked, smirking at me. "Oh, right." He opened the door for me, shutting it once I was situated inside. "Are Jasper and Alice a couple?" I asked once we pulled out of the parking lot. "No, though I am sure they will be soon enough. She has crushed on Jasper for as long as I can remember. He has seen her with new eyes just recently, though I think the fact that she is Emmett's little sister is holding him back somewhat." "Would he mind?" "Probably not, but he can be a scary dude." Edward laughed. "And Emmett is Jasper's best friend, I am sure he doesn't want things to be awkward. Knowing Alice, he wont last long though. When she wants something, she usually gets it." Within minutes we were in my driveway. "My mom invited you and your dad to dinner tonight, I will probably see you later." He said as I unbuckled. "Later then." "Goodbye Bella. Thank you for allowing me to drive you home." He gave me another smile as I shut the car door and watched him drive away. I unlocked the door and threw my bag on top of the kitchen table. I found a note Dad left for me, telling me we were having dinner with the Cullen's, as Edward had already said, and that he would be home in an hours time, to be ready. He had accepted the position as town sheriff, his hours weren't terrible. He would leave before I woke in the mornings, today being an exception due to my first day of school, and coming home