W.C: 3,708 Co-Written by Liza (NeonDomino) and Sophie (Screaming Faeries) Chapter One: Radio Silence James let out a tired sigh as he rolled over on the makeshift bed that they had set up on the floor. His back was stiff and sore due the lumpy mattress they had dragged from the bedroom, but it was better than nothing. But that wasn't what had woken him up. He turned his attention to the other side of the room, glaring at his best friend, hoping he would stop making noise. It was too early for this and James hadn't had nearly enough sleep. "Will you give it a rest?" he grumbled, pulling the lumpy old pillow over his face. "You've been messing with that radio for hours now. I can't listen to static anymore, it's numbing my brain." He paused, looking over at the light that streamed through the boarded up window. "If you don't pack it in, the Roaches are going to hear us, and everything we've set up here will be ruined." Sirius glanced over at James before rolling his eyes and snorting. "Lighten up," he said, looking somewhat amused by James' complaining. "This isn't for nothing, Prongs. Whilst you were snoring away, I heard something! A voice. Someone was talking on the radio!" He watched James expectantly, sure that his friend would be just as excited by the idea as he was. James didn't even flinch. "You're hungry and delirious, and desperate to hear your brother over that radio. There's no one out there. You were imagining things." He sat up and ran a hand through his messy black hair. "Seriously, switch it off. I think we should go out and scavenge for some food while it's still early." The smile faded from Sirius' face. "You know, you're pretty mean in the mornings," he complained, his jovial tone fading with each word. "If I were imagining things, perhaps it would have been Regulus' voice I heard. But it wasn't. It was someone else. I heard the end of something, I don't know what, and I only heard the man say 'goodnight'." Sirius folded his arms, shooting James a look that dared him to argue. "And as for food: we have those two tins of beans and wasn't there half a tin of sweetcorn somewhere? I'm sure there was some tea bags too… right?" "You can't tell who's speaking over those crappy radio frequencies!" James yelled suddenly, launching his pillow at the back of Sirius's head. "And for your information, you ate one of those cans of beans last night. To yourself," he added. "I finished the quarter of a can of sweetcorn that you left over from the night before. And no, we haven't had any tea bags for three days." He was tired of Sirius' carefree attitude towards the crisis and was tired of being the adult. He just wanted Sirius to grow up and help him instead of allowing James to do everything. Plus, Sirius had used all the teabags and James was desperate for a cup of tea! Sirius flinched at James' irate yelling. "Quiet down," he hissed. "Those things'll hear you and find us. I left one of the tins for you, it's not my fault you didn't want it." He hesitated for a moment, his gaze lingering on the radio. "Maybe just a quick trip out? We can't get much anyway because your bag is ripped. Maybe we could look for a new one or something to fix it?" he suggested, hoping that James' mood would lighten. "We only need to go down to the mini-mart on the corner," James strategized. "There's been no sign of live ones around here while we've been here. Hopefully the place will still be intact with enough stuff to grab." He stood up, headed over to the desk and leaned over Sirius, pushing the wireless radio to the back of the desk. "We can leave it switched on," he added gently. "If anything comes through on that frequency you've been tuning into, it'll still be set when we get back." Sirius let out a small sigh, but nodded in agreement. "Yeah, we should really get some food and stuff. Maybe take that bin-bag of crap and toss it out. It's starting to smell out the place, though that could just be you." He grinned cheekily at James, hoping it would get even the smallest smile in return. When James failed to look happy, Sirius turned his attention back to the radio, twisting the knob on it and turning the volume up a little more. "I'm ready when you are," he said, grabbing the empty rucksacks from next to the desk and standing up, stretching out his stiff legs. James scowled and picked up his weapon of choice; a broom handle with one end sharpened to a point. He didn't understand why Sirius was able to laugh and smile and act so unaffected — they were in an absolute shit show of a situation. "Grab your weapon," he muttered as he put his hand on the door handle. "And make sure you watch where you're stepping when we go out. Most of the steps are loose, and I nearly broke my back trying to haul your weight back up to level ground." The shadow of a grin passed over his face, but quickly vanished. Sirius realised that James wasn't going to lighten up and dropped his gaze with a small shrug. "Yeah," he muttered, glancing around. He quickly spotted his weapon peeking out from under the bin-bag and kicked the bag aside to get it. "Maybe we can get something a bit sturdier at some point too," he said, wrapping his fingers around the crowbar and straightening up. "Until then, can we just be quiet. I don't want to have to face any of the Roaches today. I just want to get the supplies and get back here." James pulled the door open and stuck his head out of the apartment, taking a brief look on the corridor. They had spent a lot of time making sure that the windows on the stairwells were boarded up, and the main door was secure, but James still insisted on double checking, even though they were on the topmost floor. When he was satisfied that the coast was clear, he sprinted out onto the corridor, nodding for Sirius to follow, and they began to scuttle down the stairs to the main entryway. James was careful to avoid the wooden steps that looked less than safe. "Maybe we should grab a magic marker or something, and mark the steps that are risky," he muttered, more to himself than to Sirius, who was sloping behind him. Sirius nodded, even though James couldn't see him, and grabbed the notebook and pen from his pocket. If they forgot the marker, no doubt James would blame him for that too, and things were strained enough between them already. James didn't seem to get that Sirius really was trying, he just wasn't the best when it came to things like the Roaches. As much as he tried to act tough in the past, he wouldn't even watch horror movies and now he was living in one. He paused for a moment to write on his list, not wanting to catch one of the dodgy stairs. He slipped it back in and carefully carried on. James ducked behind the window of the main door. The road outside was relatively clear, with just a few dead ones lurking around the front of the mini-mart. "I think the best route would be to stick to the walls of the apartment block, where we have the cover of the shadows," he whispered to Sirius. "When we get over to the shop, I'll hold them off while you break down the door." Sirius nodded. He knew James had thought this all through and though he had slight doubts with the Roaches lurking, he trusted James' judgement. Last time they had gone out, he had suggested finding a backdoor to a shop, but that had just led to additional Roaches. They found out that day that the dead ones prefered the dark alleys to the bright open streets. He adjusted the bags on his shoulder and tightened his grip on the crowbar, determined not to mess up any more than he had already. He was determined to do something right and maybe get James to be James again. He shifted closer to the wall and started heading slowly towards the mini-mart. Everything moved smoothly as they approached the shop. Surprisingly, Sirius managed to remain pretty light-footed, much to James's delight. He was getting better at living up to his nickname, it seemed. As they reached the door of the mini-mart, which had three thick planks nailed across it, James nodded at Sirius. Everything seemed to be fine so far - if the shop was boarded up, it most certainly meant that the goods inside were untouched. He gestured a thumb to the boards, motioning for Sirius to start prying them off with his crowbar, and James stood firmly behind him, holding his broom handle aloft as three Roaches staggered towards them. Sirius started with the middle board as quickly as possible, thrusting the crowbar in the small gap and pushing with all his might. There was a slight movement, but not enough that would really help. Sirius pushed the crowbar in deeper. He threw all his weight against it, satisfied as the plank creaked and came away from the others. He knew the other two would be more of a challenge. He glanced over his shoulder to check on James, before positioning the crowbar by the top plank and trying to get it down. After three attempts, the plank hadn't moved an inch. Behind him, James was trying with all his might to hold off the three snarling, hungry creatures with the wooden stick. For the first time since sharpening the weapon, he was beginning to regret not opting for something a little more practical. The stick was good against one Roach, but with three or more coming at him from all angles, he was struggling. One tried to grab at his arm with an outstretched hand and long fingernails, and James managed to swipe it across the cheek with the sharpened end of his stick, dragging a dusty gash through it's greying skin. It didn't back away though, and as the other two snapped their blackened, broken teeth menacingly and lunged for his neck, he held the three of them back with the bar of the handle. "Sirius!" he cried out in a strangled voice, using all the strength in his skinny frame to keep them away from his neck. He was looking the creature right in the vacant eye, finding himself absently imagining himself transforming into a Roach when his throat was inevitably ripped out. Sirius spun around at the shout, his eyes widening as he took in what was happening. Before, James had appeared to be holding his own but things had clearly changed quickly. Without even having to think about what he was doing, Sirius unwedged his crowbar from the planks and ran towards James, swinging the bar with all his force at the closest Roach. The creature had been so focused on James, it hadn't noticed Sirius running, or the crowbar coming full force towards its face. The blow sent it reeling back and Sirius quickly followed it, aware that a second Roach had turned its attention from James. He brought the crowbar down as hard as he could on the first one's head, surprised that the blow stopped it in its tracks. The body hit the floor with a thud, and Sirius shivered as it touched his boots. He started to shift back, but remembered the second dead one behind him. He turned just in time to see that it was inches away,, it's rotting hand reaching out