Rachel Dare hated to cry. This time, she'd blame the onions she was slicing and dicing in her tiny kitchen, trying to make dinner for her and her husband. But, it didn't matter how many water she poured on her eyes, the tears wouldn't go away. Not even when, between her sobs and tears and slices of the knife, she didn't hear her husband get home and hug her, hiding his face in her curly hair. Why would she be crying? We'd have to go back almost a year and a half back, when the war against Gaea had finished. After Gaea had been defeated and the Camps became allies, the Romans imprisoned, judged and exiled their Augur, Octavian. Octavian wondered around the country until he reached the edge of Camp Half-Blood, followed by monsters and in the brick of death. A camper found him and brought him in, where the healers did their job. Once he was recovered, he asked, almost begged for asylum, since he had nowhere else to go. Chiron, being the kind soul he was, offered him what he asked, in return that he would not leave Camp. Octavian accepted. Who didn't accept as fast as he were the campers. It wasn't until Rachel returned to camp the following summer (though, in her mind, the question was, why going back?), she found out this new reality in which Octavian would be part of her diary life. Everyone ignored the guy and he ignored everyone. But Rachel believed in second chances and, first because of pity and second, because of choice, she became his friend. Little by little, the campers saw Octavian wasn't exactly who he portrait to be. And, little by little, Rachel fell in love with him. She knew they couldn't be, so she never made any implications nor hints. For her, Octavian simply saw her as a good friend. One night near the end of the summer, out of the blue and surprising everyone, Apollo, god of propehcies, music and many other things, appeared during the bonfire. He walked directly to Rachel and began screaming at her, how dare her to break her oath and, after all he'd done for her, how she could betray him. Rachel didn't understand what was he talking about but Apollo gave her no time to explain. He, not only stripped her from the Spirit of Delphi (which wasn't much, because the Spirit had stopped showing up), but also from her vision through the Mist. And, since mortals can't cross the border of Camp, Rachel was immediately transported to the edges of Camp, behind the barrier. Rachel spent the night on the out, screaming and hitting at the barrier, wanting to get in again, not understanding what she did wrong. When she gave up, all the tears came out. She had nothing with her, all her things were inside. Rachel cried because of the lose of her possessions, since she knew Apollo would probably burn them to ashes, but also for the lose of her friends. No one would dare to help her if that meant gaining an angry god as enemy. She didn't count with Octavian's loyalty. He had showed up around 4am with bags and stuff under his arms and camped next to her. Octavian had argued and fought with Apollo about what he did, him being the only one brave enough to step against the god. Not even Rachel's friends of years would dare to do so. Octavian fought with Apollo and won, earning the right to take Rachel's stuff out of the cave before he burned it. He spent hours putting stuff in bags, saving all he could. He apologized for not being able to save it all, but that he'll buy her new paintings and canvas and stuff for her to work. That he wasn't leaving her, even if that meant leave the protection of Camp Half-Blood. She never felt more grateful. It took them a while, but they made it to Rachel's parents' house, where they spent the night. But, neither was sleepy. They spent hours talking and wondering and, in Octavian's case, trying to make Rachel laugh. It was pass midnight when Rachel finally fell asleep, her head on top of his chest, his arm around her. Imagine the reaction of her parents' when they caught them. Rachel never fought with someone the way she fought her parents that day. She had been emotionally and physically exhausted from what happened with Apollo that she released all her frustration with her parents. And, they did no effort in understanding their daughter. They gave her a day, and only a day, to get out of the house. She was no longer recognized as their daughter and they'll never wanted to hear from her again. In all, her weekend sucked. Octavian was always by her side, supporting her and even exchanging some nasty words with her parents in her behalf. He agreed to help her search for a place while she packed. Rachel doubted he could make it, but he came a few hours later, excited that he found a small apartment. Though Rachel wasn't expecting luxury, she wasn't shocked when she saw the one-bedroom apartment that Octavian had managed. She thanked him from the bottom of her broken heart because she couldn't do more to show him how she felt. That was the moment of the confession. They started living together, getting any job they could get, since Rachel's name was popular and people didn't want to offered her job incase her parents found out and made them shut down. Luckily, Octavian got a job as assistant on the court house and, even though the job was demanding and bad-paid, it was just enough for rent and food. Rachel did her part as well. She'd wonder the city, in search for half-time jobs, one day jobs, or even painting in the streets. That was her regular gig. Sometimes, she'd find people moving out of house and, if they were considering throwing away some furniture, Rachel would bargain her way into giving it to her. Slowly, their tiny apartment looked like a home. Six months after began living together, on Christmas nonetheless, Octavian proposed to her. He couldn't get enough for a ring, but she didn't care. She was happy that he wanted to live with her in that bad situation. That's how she knew his love for her was real. Octavian was very careful with Rachel. There was one thing he always waited for and that was sleeping with her. He'd sleep on the floor or the couch, but never in the same bed as her, because he was certain that Apollo was gonna regret his mistake and take her back as his Oracle. He waited more than six months, until one night when he came home from work and found Rachel drunk in the couch, crying her heart out that no one wanted her and she was the worst human being ever. That she was hatred and despicable and horrible and not a good wife. Despite Rachel's mind state, they slept together. Neither of them regretted that night. What Rachel did regret was the state she was when that happened, even when she could remember the whole thing. Since then, it became regular for Octavian to show his wife how much he loved her, especially when she felt upset about herself. A rose he'd pick up from Central Park, a snack he'd sneak out without paying from work. Anything that put a smile on her face. Which brings us back to the present. "What's wrong, love?" he whispered in her ear, taking the knife off her hand, just in case. "Tomorrow is Christmas' Eve..." she mumbled, wiping her teared up eyes. Octavian understood perfectly, since he was in the same dilemma as her. He didn't know what to get her, since she deserved the whole world. She'll never admit it, but she missed her friends and that something permanent on her life "I wish I could give you what you want..." He lifted her chin and smiled at her. "As cheesy as it sound, all I want for Christmas is you..." he quoted the famous song, kissing her forehead "Everything will turn around, you'll see..." "I'm just- I'm just tired of waiting..." she recognized, hiding her face in his chest. He tried to sooth her, stroking her hair "Why the world hates me ?" "I don't hate you" he reminded her, pecking around her face "And, I'll never will" It took him a while, but Rachel calmed down enough, though she delegated the knives duties to Octavian. Just in case. The next morning, Rachel woke up early to make Octavian's breakfast. She loved to spend every moment they could together. And breakfast was one of them. "I'll be back before dinner, I promise" Octavian promised her, kissing her goodbye for the day. Rachel offered him a smile in reassurance "I love you, Rach" "I love you too, Ian" she assured him, closing the door behind him. She quickly took a shower and gathered her art supplies. She was on a mission to get Octavian his Christmas' present. She walked around the stores that were opened for last minute buyers (like her) and checked if something could even remotely be worthy of Octavian's taste. It was a world-known thing that Octavian had a thing for teddy bears, though he could only saved one since his exile. The bear in question was found at the bottom of a drawer of a bureau that Rachel rescued from the streets. It wasn't a teddy bear per se , it was an old version of Eevee, the Pokemon, combining two of Octavian's passions, but it was very special for them, because of the sensation of hope that transmit it. While thinking on it, Rachel walked pass a store that sell antique teddy bears and saw one that could be worthy of Octavian's taste. She walked in and asked for the price. 1500 dollars, they said. She left the store, decide she would take the bear. Octavian couldn't stop groaning because of the amount of work he was having. Why do people like to work more than usual on Christmas' Eve? He just wanted to be able to roam the streets and search for a present for his wife. Not that he hadn't thought about it. He was able to save one painting from Camp Half-Blood from her banish, a painting that she adores so much that she never hung because she thought it was not worthy of display. He was decided to get that special frame for her. Rachel got to her usual spot on the subway and began painting by memory. People would stop and stare her work, some would ask for prices. Even some wanted her to make cartoons for them. Rachel never worked faster in her life, earning money to buy the present her husband deserved. She saw the money on her bag and she was proud of herself. Not only she was going to be able to buy the present, but maybe she could also afford something special for dinner! She gathered all her stuff, when the day was over. She wasn't happy, she was ecstatic! Celebrating Christmas the way it's suppose to be celebrated... Walking down the streets, she heard noises coming from close and saw two teens pestering an older woman. She couldn't just watch, no matter how bad her luck was. "Hey!" she screamed at them, grabbing some old pipe that was on the way "Stop bothering her and get lost!" The guys didn't listen and she got closer, hitting the first one on the back, and knocking him down. But she wasn't as fast for the second one. The guy hit her on the head, knocking her out cold. Octavian was out during the lunch break, but unfortunately, it wasn't about him. His boss had ordered him to go get