I know my sister like I know my own mind. You will never find anyone as trusting or as kind. If I tell her that I love him she'd be silently resigned. He'd be mine… She would say, "I'm fine". … She'd be lying… -Angelica Schyleur, from the Broadway Musical 'Hamilton' A:N/ I have watched Hamilton a total of six times and have listened to the soundtrack in its entirety every single day since the first time. I am seriously addicted and this is one of my favorite songs along with Non Stop so I, of course, had to write a fic based on the song with my favorite Twilight couple- Emmett and Rosalie. FLASHBACKS WILL BE IN INTALICS. Rosalie took a drink from her glass and shook her head in disbelief at the youngest of her sisters. Isabella was speaking to her, her hair thrown over both of her shoulders, and Rosalie hadn't heard a word that she'd said. She was looking straight through Bella even if she didn't mean to be. The middle child, Alice, was getting married. Her two sisters were standing off to the side taking a break from the bustling of the bodies around the ballroom they almost never used. Men and women alike were waltzing across the floor. There was an array of vibrant dresses and black suits rushing about. Rosalie could see Carlisle talking to some men, one of them being Edward Masen, the brother of the groom. She could see the ladies on the opposite side of the room looking at her father and whispering. They were irritating to say the least. "Rosalie?" Isabella snapped in front of her eldest sister's face, "Are you okay?" "Of course," Rosalie took another drink before setting her glass down on the nearest table. "Good because Jasper Whitlock is walking this way," Isabella smirked and reached for Rosalie's abandoned glass. Rosalie rolled her eyes and snatched the glass from Bella's hand before it could even touch her mouth. She was too young to be drinking even if it was only by a few months. Rosalie knew Carlisle wouldn't approve and that wasn't a fight she was ready to deal with. She shot Bella a look that caused the girl to giggle and then mentally prepared herself for the impending face to face she would soon have with Jasper. He was all curly hair and the most darling southern drawl. He was a sharp shooter with battle scars littering his body. Jasper had always just been around. He had always thought Rosalie a child despite her being the oldest… until he simply hadn't anymore. He was a military veteran almost twice her age and he was one of her father's closest companions. Her father wanted her to marry that companion one day and suddenly Rosalie wasn't the little annoying girl Jasper had seemed to think her before and he suddenly wasn't viewed as an uncle. Rosalie was fond of Jasper. He had a dry sense of humor that mimicked her own. He was polite and well raised. He had his own money so she knew that he wasn't out to get the money that belonged to her father. Jasper, however, wasn't a man of many words. He spoke far less than many of the people Rosalie came in to contact with. She wasn't sure if he was attempting to marry her because he wanted to or because Carlisle had told him that he would. She didn't pin Jasper as a man that would be commanded around, but she couldn't be sure. Rosalie, Alice and Isabella's father, Carlisle, was in to illegal aspects. He dealt with drugs and murder and the likes, but he would never subject any of his daughters to something he thought wasn't right. He ran their household the same way he ran the streets- with an iron fist. His daughters hadn't made it in to the 21st century yet. They were still run by a man, a man that had to approve their relationships and wasn't above arranging them. They were controlled by a drug lord who would raise hell and high water if they didn't listen to him. Their safety was top priority and that didn't necessarily mean physically. His daughter were to never have their hearts broken. They weren't to be touched. They were his princesses and everyone else were commoners. Rosalie finished off her glass and took a deep breath. Isabella was gushing about something, leaning towards her and speaking quickly as her eyes glowed, but Rosalie's head was somewhere else, somewhere far off. She had met the groom first. Emmett McCarty Masen. She had met him right in her own backyard. Isabella had been off, most likely away at college. Alice had been across the country. She liked traveling and Carlisle liked giving her the chance to experience new things. Rosalie was the one glued home. Her father had only daughters so Rosalie had taken to looking in to her father's business. She was the oldest and the smartest and she didn't mind staying close to home if it meant that her sisters didn't have to. Rosalie could recall every moment of their meeting. She had never been the same since. She had been in her father's backyard, partially in the shade of their two story home, a gun in hand as she aimed at a target. She had been mumbling to herself, repeating a phrase over and over like she sometimes did. Her eyes had been on the target, but her head had been elsewhere. She had taken aim and a deep breath before being touched, spinning around and pointing a gun at the man before her. Emmett had been gorgeous for lack of a better word. His short curly hair had made him look young and childlike. He had been wearing a plain black shirt that seemed to hug his arms and broad chest. He had a plain silver cross around his neck and some black shades hiding his eyes from her view. He had been wearing black shoes and some light jeans, one of his hands jammed in to the pockets. "Down killer," he had chuckled. Rosalie however hadn't been amused. "Why the hell are you in my yard?" Emmett had taken his shades off and glanced down at her. He had smiled a wide tooth grin that had taken her breath. He had nodded his head towards the target behind her. "I work for your father now, Rosalie," he'd chuckled and she had lowered the gun from his head out of pure amusement, "I'm here to make sure you're satisfied." "Satisfied huh?" she'd chuckled and then turned back around, taking aim and letting three bullets fly. They hit their targets perfectly. "You strike me as the sort of woman who's never satisfied," he'd continued. "Oh really?" "You're like me," he shrugged, "I've never been satisfied," he winked and freed a gun of his own from behind him. He took two steps to line himself up with Rosalie and then he let three bullets of his own fly. They hit their marks and he cracked his neck. Rosalie snapped back to reality as someone tapped on her shoulder. She offered a smile to Jasper who took her hand and planted a kiss to the back of it. "Rose," he smiled slightly at her before looking over her shoulder, "Bella." "Jasper," Bella smiled brightly, "Are you enjoying the wedding?" "Alice looks happy," he shrugged, "That's all we can want for her," his gaze traveled the room and Rosalie followed it. Her sister was smiling happily at Emmett and talking faster than the speed of light. That was her- Mary Alice. She had a nonstop supply of energy and she never seemed to tire. Emmett was looking elsewhere but answering her back, a small grin on his own face. They did look happy. Rosalie raised her glass to her mouth and then resisted the urge to curse when she realized that it was empty. Jasper closed his hand around her glass and she released it so that he could set it down. "Care to dance?" his eyes scanned the room. He did that a lot. Rosalie wasn't sure if it was because of the business that he was in or because of his years in the army. She felt a hand on the small of her back and knew that it was Bella. "Will you be here when I get back?" Rosalie asked without looking to her right side where she knew her sister was housed. "Of cou-" "She'll be in my company," came another's response. She and Bella both turned around to take in Edward Masen and just like that Rosalie could see Bella lose IQ points. She took a deep breath. Edward was Alice's new brother-in-law. He was, in some part, family. "Edward," she said dryly. "Rosie," he winked at her. "Rosalie," she corrected automatically and then attempted to smile. "Of course," he chuckled, "Isabella," he reached for her hand and planted a kiss on the back of it and Rosalie could swear Bella had left her body to enter another plane. She felt Jasper's arm make its way around her back. He was good about that. He knew her moods almost as well as her sisters did. He calmed her. "Take good care of my sister," Rosalie nodded once to Edward and he returned the gesture. Jasper led her to the dance floor. Emmett threw a card on the table and Rosalie rolled her eyes. He was a better poker player than she'd given him credit for. He was a month in to his apprenticeship with Carlisle. He seemed to be around a lot when her father was nowhere to be found. He was being trained to be her babysitter she assumed. Her father liked to switch out his right hand man quite a lot. He had easily become Rosalie's companion. He was the person closest to her age that had anything to do with her father. He was amusing and chipper. Rosalie liked him. He had become a friend quickly. "You're horrible," he laughed and collected the money in the middle of the table. Rosalie took a deep calming breath. She was working on her temper. He was not going to break her. "Oh come on, babe," Emmett stuck his bottom lip out in a pout, "There's no reason to get so serious. It's just a game." "I'm not your babe." "Do you want to be?" Emmett winked. "Just shuffle the damned cards, Masen," Rosalie slid her cards to the middle of the table and leaned back in her chair, crossing her arms over her chest. "That wasn't a no," he sang. Rosalie shook her head… slightly in disbelief and slightly in amusement. Jasper led and Rosalie followed. She could do this dance in her sleep. Her father had all of his daughter's prepped. "Are you okay?" Jasper asked. Rosalie resisted the urge to break down in the middle of the floor. "I'm fine." "Edward rubs you the wrong way?" he tested. "He does." "And Isabella is blinded by him?" "She is." "And you're worried?" "I am." Jasper nodded once before spinning her around and pulling her back in. "If you tell me to, I will kill him, Rosalie." Her eyes drifted up to his face, but Jasper wasn't looking at her. He was looking behind her, most likely at Bella. "Do you mean that?" she asked. He looked slightly taken aback by the question, and then he looked down and at Rosalie. She inhaled. "Whatever you want is yours, darlin'." Rosalie smiled up at him and Jasper winked at her before looking back up again. Emmett had gotten Rosalie in to his bed in a matter of 6 months. He had begun working for her father. He was always around. He was a smart ass. He challenged her. He didn't bend to her every will and he didn't jump when she told him to