o-o-o-o-o-o The first time I meet Bella Swan... I'm wandering around campus at the University of Minnesota, killing time until class starts, when I see a gorgeous chick exiting the physics building. She's wearing a maroon t-shirt with the school logo and a pair of dark jeans that hug the curve of her ass sinfully. Her hair is long, like middle of her back long, and it's all curled and tousled like she just had a hell of a lot more fun than is appropriate for a physics class. Of course, since I'm a red-blooded 15-year-old male, my dick notices and decides he wants to introduce himself to her. Down boy. She's heading the direction I'm supposed to be going, so I decide it's not creepy if I follow behind her for a while and appreciate the view. Really, I deserve a little reward today; after all, not every kid gets into the Advanced Youth Math Program here. I trail behind her at a distance I hope isn't too obvious, but as we approach the quad, I lose her in a crowd of students flooding out of the library. After taking a moment of silence to grieve for what I've lost, I glance at my watch and realize I should probably head to class. I plunk down in a seat in the middle of the room, not wanting to sit in the front and look like a suck-up, but knowing I won't be able to see the board well enough from the back. Other students trickle in slowly, and I try not to smirk at some of the younger kids who come in looking like they're about to piss themselves. They're so little, it's hard to believe they're old enough, but I suppose the program is for kids as young as 11. They must be some fucking prodigies to be here so young. A middle aged guy walks in, sporting a 'stache that would make Ron Burgundy proud, followed by - oh, fuck me. It's the chick from the quad, except now she's close enough where I can see her face, and it's just a hot as the rest of her. And it's a damn good thing I'm sitting down and will have the next two hours to will my dick to stand down. Middle aged dude introduces himself as Mr. Banner, gives us an overview of the class, and then gestures to the babe standing next to him and tells her to introduce herself. She gives us an awkward little wave. "Hey, guys, I'm Bella Swan. I'm a junior, math major, and I'm your TA. If you have questions about the material or homework, I'm the one you should come to, and I'll be setting up a couple study sessions throughout the semester." I let her voice wash over me, sweet and gentle, and when I glance around, I notice a couple other guys with dopey looks on their faces, completely under her spell. I saw her first, fuckers. Banner passes out the syllabus and jumps right into the first lesson, but my eyes keep darting over to Bella. I'm so wrapped up in daydreams about her that I'm startled when Banner closes his book and dismisses us. Fuck, did he assign homework? I look in the syllabus, and it says to expect homework each week, but it doesn't list the problems. Shit. Wait, this could be a blessing in disguise. Now I have a legitimate reason to approach Bella. I wait patiently behind the couple of other dudes who approached her right away after class let out, smirking at their pathetic attempts at flirting. They don't have a snowball's chance in hell with this goddess. They know it, and she knows it, but she smiles kindly at them the entire time, steering the conversation back to the class any time they try to veer into more personal territory. Finally, they give up and wander out, tails between their legs. She smiles at me as I approach her desk, and my palms go sweaty. Fuck, she is a walking, talking wet-dream. After seeing the way she shut down the other guys, I know I'm going to have to be subtle about this. "Hey, Bella. I'm Edward Cullen. I, uh, don't suppose you could tell me what the homework assignment was?" I play up my sheepishness, lifting my arm to run through my hair, making sure I flex my bicep at the same time. Subtly, of course. "Daydreaming already, Edward?" she chastises me playfully, and fuck if my dick doesn't twitch when she says my name. She purses her lips and "tsks" at me, and now I'm picturing her pretty pink lips puckering for another reason. I casually shift my notebook so it's in front of my hips, and shrug with a rueful grin. She sighs but smiles, and scribbles down the list of problems I'm supposed to work on before the next class. "Here you go," she says, handing me the page. "Don't make this a habit now, ok? I can't save you every week." I fold it carefully and stick it in my back pocket, giving her my best smile. "Thanks, Bella. It was just first day jitters, I guess. Won't happen again. See you next week," I offer before sauntering out of the room. That night, remembering the sound of my name falling from petal soft lips, imagining all the different ways I could get her to sigh or scream it, I stroke myself to the best orgasm I've ever had. This class is torture. Not the math, I could do that in my sleep. But, being in the same room as Bella for hours each week and not being able to do anything but watch her from afar. I live for the kind notes she writes on my homework, praising me for my good work, and I like to believe I'm the only one she does that for. Even though I don't need to, I go to every single study session, since it means I get to see her a little extra that week. We've exchanged a few emails, but every time I try to bring up anything remotely personal, she shuts those conversations down gently but firmly. She's a tough nut to crack, this one. But, I'm motivated. I'll figure it out. Once, during a test, she's wandering up and down the rows of desks, making sure no one is cheating, and she stops next to me. She leans down over my shoulder, her floral scent enveloping me, and all of my blood immediately migrates south. "Watch those negative signs, Edward," she whispers, her breath tickling my ear, and I close my eyes and swallow thickly, using all of my self-control not to come in my pants. She straightens up and moves on, but I sit there staring blankly at my test for a full ten minutes, trying to will enough blood back to my brain so I can finish taking this stupid test. The faster I finish, the faster I can get home and beat off. Finally, it's the last day of class, and Bella and Mr. Banner are saying their farewells to the class and wishing us luck next year. Bella beams at us, telling us how much fun it's been to get to know us, how impressive she thinks we all are, and how she's proud of all of us. I'd like to think she's thinking specifically of me when she says that stuff, and is only including the other students to be polite. I mean, it's the end of the year and she's not our TA anymore, so she could drop the professional front and play favorites now, but I can appreciate her diplomacy. Some of the other guys in class would be crushed if they knew that I was her favorite. When Banner dismisses us, I have to wait behind a crowd of my classmates who want to say good-bye to Bella. That's ok, I would wait forever for this girl. Finally, the last stragglers leave, and Bella turns a beaming smile at me. "Any big plans for the summer, Edward?" she asks when I approach her. "Nah, nothing super exciting. You?" I'm desperate for any sliver of personal information she'll give me. She doles them out so frugally, and I hoard them like a squirrel with acorns preparing for winter. She shrugs casually. "I suppose I'll start planning my wedding." I'm nodding encouragingly until her words finally penetrate my brain; they set off a nuclear reaction that Oppenheimer would be proud of. The fuck? Wedding? My eyes dart down to her left hand, and sure enough, there's a sparkly little diamond sitting on her finger. Little being the operative word. Fucker couldn't even get her a proper ring. "Oh, I didn't realize you were engaged," I offer weakly, hoping my voice doesn't betray the fact that she's just ripped my heart out of my chest. She hums a little as she tucks her notebook and folder into her bag. "Yeah, Tyler proposed over spring break. We're not going to get married until after we graduate, but that stuff is so expensive, we need time to find the best deals, y'know?" No, I didn't know. And I didn't know how I could have missed a ring on her finger for months. What the fuck was I looking at that whole time? Well, her tits. And her ass. And her face. So, I guess it makes sense I missed a piddly little ring on her finger. I think what hurts the most is the realization that I'm just some little math nerd to her, just like the rest of them. Fuck. Time to get out of here before I really embarrass myself and do something stupid, like cry. I gather up the few shreds of dignity I have left, wish her good luck, and flee. The second time I meet Bella Swan... I'm picking up discarded juice boxes near the picnic tables when a little blur hurtles towards me and attaches itself to my legs. I look down into the beaming face of my favorite camper, all sparkling brown eyes and wild curls, and can't help but grin back. "Aren't you supposed to be packing up your stuff to go home, Miss Katie?" "I'm all done, Mr. Edward! And Mommy is here, and you promised you'd say hi and ask her about the baseball game. You promised!" "Breathe, Munchkin," I chuckle. "Yes, I promised. Lead the way." She grabs my hand and tugs. She's surprisingly strong for a four year old - sorry, four and three-quarters, as I've been corrected several times - and I trail behind her towards the line of cars where parents are collecting their children. I've been a counselor at Wolf Ridge for a few years now, and Katie is by far my favorite camper ever. She's bubbly and sweet, and there's just something about her that draws me in. Maybe it's those big brown eyes. I've always been a sucker for brown eyes. We approach a blue SUV where a woman, who I assume is Katie's mom, is bent over at the waist, digging around in the backseat. Her incredible ass is on full display, and I send up a quick thanks to the universe that I'm wearing my sunglasses so I can ogle this amazing sight without Katie being any wiser. I've always been a sucker for amazing asses, too. "Mommy!" Katie shrieks, and the woman jerks up in surprise, knocking the back of her head on the door frame before she spins around with a huge smile on her face. "Katie!" she calls, kneeling down and opening her arms wide. Katie lets go of my hand to rush towards her, and I grin as the woman engulfs Katie in a huge hug. I approach them slowly, giving them time to reunite. After all, Katie has been at camp for two weeks, which is a