A/N: My two passions in life are this: baking and writing. I thought I'd combine the two just to see what happens. The characters are, quite obviously, not mine. I hope you enjoy reading it as much I did writing it. You'd think the early morning traffic of the city below would be what woke me. No, I'd long since learned to drown the city noise out; that's how you adapt to life in New York, where police sirens and honking taxi cabs become the soundtrack to your days. What woke me was the sound my ears had been trained to pick up. The patter of little feet on my hardwood floor. My eyes crept open just a tad. I was draped unceremoniously across my bed on my stomach, with a sizeable puddle of drool on my pillow. Sure enough, those feet were scampering around the apartment. I was debating on whether or not leaving the warmth of my bed was absolutely necessary when the clanking of dishes decided for me. Throwing the covers off of my legs, I made a mental note to shave and then picked up a wrinkled New York University sweatshirt off of the floor. The noise from the kitchen became more insistent, so I padded quickly down the hallway, images of my apartment going up in flames already rooting in brain. Her back was to me when I came around the corner. She perched on a stool, upper half deep in the pantry, humming to herself. I couldn't suppress my smile. At least she wasn't sticking forks in toasters. "Whatcha doing, button?" She started at my words, spinning around on the stool and nearly losing her balance. The look of surprise on her face instantly melted into a grin when she saw me, though. "It's a surprise!" she told me eagerly. I glanced at the table in the middle of the room and saw two bowls, two spoons, and the jug of orange juice sitting there. "Are you making me breakfast?" I asked, coming forward to scoop her off of the stool and spin her around. She giggled and nodded excitedly. Mia was five (almost six) with big silver eyes like mine, olive skin, and wavy ash blonde hair down to the middle of her back - she refused to get it cut. She was mischievous, tireless, and determinedly stubborn, but she was also the light of my life. "So what are we having?" I asked her once I'd set her back down. She was short for her age, only coming up to my hip, but then again so was I. "Cereal!" Mia said in a sing song voice, climbing back up on the stool and pulling out a box of apple cinnamon Chex. I let her pour it into the bowls, but decided it was best if I handled the milk after seeing her try to pour her own juice on a daily basis; more usually ends up on the counter than in the cup. The Chex were a bit stale and I'd accidentally bought orange juice with pulp instead of without, but it was still the nicest breakfast I'd had in a long time. "Thank you for that, button. It was delicious." I pecked a kiss on top of her head as I collected our dishes and took them to the sink. While I washed up, Mia plopped contently in front of the television. The Phineas & Ferb theme song floated in to me every now and then. I was starting to believe this might actually turn out to be a good day when the telephone rang and the hope died a slow, painful death inside me. Grabbing the dishrag to hurriedly dry my hands, I lunged for the phone to stop the shrill noise. "Hello?" "Miss Everdeen?" I recognized the oily voice on the other end immediately and felt my teeth grit in disgust. "Mr. Crane. To what do I owe the honor?" I said drily. Seneca Crane was my douchebag landlord. He kept terrible apartments, and an even terribler beard. "Oh, I just thought I'd call to chat. See how everything's going." I bristled, not liking his tone. "That repair guy never came to check on the thermostat last week." "Ah, yes...I forgot about that. Must have slipped my mind, I suppose." "What do you want, Seneca?" I snapped, wishing he'd just get to the point. I heard him sigh heavily. "Your rent check is overdue again, Katniss." My heart sank. Shit! In all the hustle and bustle of the last few days, I'd completely forgotten to send in my rent check. "Oh shoot," I said into the receiver, running to the counter where I could usually find my checkbook buried under one stack of bills or the other. "Remind how much I owe you?" "With the late fee, $2,395." I almost dropped the phone. "How much?" He repeated the number, and I swore I could almost hear him smirking. "For this piece-of-shit apartment?" I hissed. "For the piece-of-shit apartment I am ever so kindly allowing you and your little hellion to live in." I glanced toward the living room and saw that Mia was thankfully still glued to the television, oblivious to our conversation. "Seneca, I don't have that kind of money right now," I said on the verge of pleading. "I-I got laid off last week, and I've got bills to pay, and then there's food to put on the table, and-" "Not my problem. I can give you until the end of the week, but if I don't get that check by then...I'm afraid I'll have no choice other than to evict you. Good day." The line went dead. "Yeah, I bet you'd love to evict us," I said under my breath. "Fucking asshole." I ran my hands through my tangled hair, wishing for a magic solution to my problems. Perhaps the doorbell would ring, and I'd answer it only to be told that a distant millionaire uncle had died and left all of his money to me. It didn't, though, and instead I found myself slumped over my laptop at the kitchen table, chewing on the end of a pen while I studied my bank statement. $2,702.64 was the number my eyes focused on. The current balance of my account. Paying Seneca's rent fee would leave me with only about $300 to pay for what we needed to. That included food, gas money, the new shoes Mia had been needing for some time now, and whatever else happened to require money. Which, in this day and age, was just about everything. I groaned and sunk down farther in the chair, staring up at the ceiling. Not having a job at the moment certainly didn't help matters. The steady position I'd held as a receptionist at a dentist's office downtown for the last year had been vile, but paid fairly well. In the words of the unsympathetic human resources person who'd broken the news to me "they were experiencing some financial difficulties and found it unfortunately necessary to cut back on the number of people currently employed at the office". "Are you okay, Mommy?" Mia waddled into the kitchen and came to sit on my lap, her program evidently over. "Yeah, button, just tired," I said, stroking her soft hair. I shuddered when I thought about what my happen to us if we were evicted. Where would we go? Apartments were hard enough to find as it was, let alone one that I would actually be able to afford. Would we end up in some kind of home? Would they take Mia away from me? I tightened my grip on her small frame. I would never let that happen. I couldn't. A determined flame burning in my core, I straightened up promptly and set Mia on her feet. She looked at me inquisitively. "Why don't you go get dressed and we'll go out for a walk." I told her. "Where are we going?" "I'm not sure..." I paused, realizing it was true. "I guess it'll be another surprise." Mia's face lit up. "Yes! I love surprises! I'll be right back." She scampered off to her room to change out of her Winx Club pajamas. I found myself grinned despite the grim outlook. It was hard not to be happy around someone so carefree. I tried to find something semi-decent for myself and ended up in jeans, a white shirt, and a gray cardigan with flats. I decided it would do. It's not like I was applying at the White House or something. After fixing my hair into its perpetual side braid, I hastily brushed my teeth and applied a coat of chap stick. Mia needed help buttoning her jacket and wrapping her scarf, and then we were walking down the ever-crowded sidewalk towards the heart of town. We didn't live in a bad neighborhood to be honest. It certainly wasn't top-of-the-line, but there weren't corner drug dealers or gang fights, which was a plus. Mia even stopped to pet a friendly dog on the way. It wasn't a bad life, but I knew I'd have to work hard if I wanted to keep it. I stopped in almost with a Help Wanted sign in the window: a boutique, a Starbucks, a deli, even a barbershop. Each place gave me an application to fill out, but none of them seemed like they were jumping to hire me. My palms grew sweaty with anxiety even in the cold weather. Mia seemed to notice, because at one point she looked up at me and asked "Are you looking for another job?" I cringed. She probably remembered doing this a few years ago when I'd first moved back out of my mom's house and was looking for one. "Yep," I told her in what I hoped was a lighthearted tone. "And we're gonna stop just a few more places before we head home, okay button?" She nodded, but I could tell she was getting tired. After I filled out applications at a drycleaners and a small bookstore, I finally had to pick her up and carry her. "I'm hungry," she said, leaning her head on my shoulder. I couldn't deny that my stomach was rumbling as well. The apple cinnamon Chex seemed ages ago. "Alright, let's find someplace to eat." It didn't take very long walking down the sidewalk to find something that peaked my interest (and cued my salivary glands to start working). It was the smell that drew me to it. Fresh baked bread and cookies, mingling with a variety of spices, and then a tinge of coffee. I had to stop myself from pausing to visibly inhale the delicious scent. The name on the store was printed on the door in neat, curly white letters: Mellark's. I smiled, thinking what a lovely ring it had to it before stepping inside. A little bell above the door tinkled upon our entrance and Mia lifted her head off of my shoulder to look around. "I'll be with you in just a moment!" called a deep voice from the back. The bakery was cozy without being cramped and I could feel the warmth seeping out of every crack and crevice. Several scuffed wooden tables were scattered around the place with people sitting at them to enjoy their food, and the floor creaked when you walked. I liked it. Mia's eyes suddenly grew wide and she jumped down from my arms. My gaze followed her as she ran towards the counter, seeming to regain her energy. Upon closer inspection, I could feel my own eyes widen. In the glass case before us was the most beautiful array of desserts and pastries I think I'd ever seen. Rows of glistening fruit tarts, oozing Danishes, flaky croissants, and artfully frosted cookies. The wall directly behind it was simply and array of shelves filled with every type of bread imaginable. "Hi, welcome to Mellark's ." The