Chapter 1: The soldier The young adolescent girl walked amongst the blossoming apple trees. Her long waist-length, auburn hair and elegant white gown trailed behind her. She held a hardcover red book in her right hand and her pale blue eyes darted across the page reading the lines of words. "Mîrwen! Mîrwen!" she heard her name called and turned around. She saw her younger sister, Nauriel hurrying towards her. Once at her she seemed to bubble with excitement. "Sister. Calm down," Mîrwen said taking her sisters shoulders. "What is it?" she marked her place in her book by placing a piece of gold satin on the page and turned back to Nauriel. "Well, I just saw people from Minas Tirith arrive! It's the women of the Houses of Healing! There here to recruit new healing women!" Nauriel jumped up and down as she gave her sister the news. Mîrwen's face lit up at that. Long had she dreamt to see the lovely, Ladies of the White city, and now they were here in Imloth Melui! It was such an honor for the people of her town of Imloth Melui to be accepted there for they are so small many do not know them. She took Nauriel' hands and they ran for the streets. They came to the side of the dirt streets and Mîrwen looked with wonder at the women on beautiful chestnuts and bays as they road into the small town. She followed them along with several other young maidens to the main hall. There they dismounted their horses and waited for the lord of the Imloth, Forlong. He came out of the beautiful wood lodge with a smile upon his face. Forlong was a heavy man no doubt but his heart was light and happy. He was the kindest and sweetest man ever. He was in his late fifties, had long black hair, and squinty dark eyes. "Welcome my ladies!" he said with a bow. The women did the same and an older woman came forward, "I am Ioreth. Stewardess of the Houses of Healing. As you know, we are here to recruit new ladies for the Houses," she turned to the crowd, "young ladies." A hush came over the girls when Forlong spoke, "Yes well, we have some young ladies picked out for you. U-uh, Lynel the list please," a skinny short man came over and handed a rolled up piece of paper to the king. He began to read off the names, "Myra daughter of Micah. Canella daughter of Cameron," he read off the whole list and got to the end. In total eighteen young ladies of all ages stood with the Healers. Mîrwen was crushed, all her life she wished to heal people and when her chance finally came she lost it. Nauriel touched her shoulder, "I am sorry sister. Maybe next time." Mîrwen held back her tears and turned to her sister, "You're right. There's next time. For now I guess I'll just have to stay here and work on the farm." Right when she said Ioreth called the girls back. All rushed over and she smiled at them, "I have a special list with four more names on it. The four ladies I say will travel to Minas Tirith with us and start working in the Houses," she unrolled the paper. "Now. Laila daughter of Lynel," a young woman with long tawny hair tied into a braid down her back stepped up to Ioreth. "Shia daughter of Lia," a small girl probably no more than eleven stepped up. Her face was pink from excitement and her blonde hair was in two pigtails. Ioreth read the next two names, "Janara daughter of Carsin and Mîrwen daughter of Morwen. Mîrwen felt a sudden surge of joy. She walked next to Janara a fourteen year old girl she knew to live near her home. Janara was very pretty, she had shoulder-length thin brown hair, soft grey eyes, a slender body, and a graceful face. Though Mîrwen thought Janara was prettier than herself others begged to differ. Mîrwen was the average height of any woman, had long thin auburn hair, freckles that stretched from her left cheek to her right, and kind green eyes. She too was slender and had a nice face but of all the maidens desired, Mîrwen was desired most by men and boys her age. Though she refused every marriage offer that came to her. That was the good thing of having a noblewoman as a mother, she was allowed to choose who she married. She was looking for the perfect man to marry as well. She stepped up next to Ioreth and smiled. Ioreth looked back at the crowd and smiled, "There you have it, twenty-two young and beautiful young ladies for healers. It will not be us who recruit you ladies in the next four years," she held her arms out to the women who stood before her at the bottom of the steps but instead turned to the girls, "but them. They will come back to the peaceful region of, Lossarnach, and get new maidens. Then it will be them and so on who recruit you. Build on your healing skills ladies and maybe, just maybe you'll be chosen. Come girls." They walked away into the main lodge where eight men in leather, chainmail, and very elaborate brown, green, red and gold armor sat with several other young women. Mîrwen looked to Janara who seem just as confused. "These are ladies from Rohan may I introduce, Morwen," a young woman in her late twenties nodded her head. "Déorwyn," a girl about nineteen like Mîrwen nodded. "And Guthwyn," the third girl was as old as Shia but had just as many manners (Mîrwen thought more than the other ladies of Rohan did). She curtsied unlike the others. "They have volunteered to be healers in the Houses. These are their guards," the guards bowed to the ladies of Lossarnach. One in particular caught Mîrwen's eye. He must've been two years older than her but she found him immensely attractive. He had long golden hair that fell around his shoulder save his bangs that were tied back out of his face to make a ponytail that hung with the rest of his hair. His kind sapphire eyes made her spine tingle, and her knees wobble. His broad shoulders matched the rest of what must have been a moderately muscular body. His face was the most handsome Mîrwen's kind eyes had ever laid on. The guards rose the young man's eyes were locked upon Mîrwen's. She quickly turned her gaze away but soon found herself looking back at him with the same look of passion. "Bring in the visitors," Ioreth said not even turning from her conversation with the king of Rohan, Théoden. The doors were opened the immediate families of the Lossarnach women came flooding in with open arms and cries of joy. Mîrwen found Nauriel and drew her aside, "Who is that soldier?" she asked pointing to the young man who was now laughing with his comrades. "That's Prince Théodred son of the king Théoden. Very handsome is he not?" Nauriel asked back smiling at her elder sister. "Aye. He is," her gaze was fixed on him yet again this time no matter how hard she tried she couldn't break it. Nauriel saw and smiled then saw their mother, "Mîrwen, mama!" Mîrwen snapped out of her gaze and turned her attention to their mother. A respectful woman Morwen of Lossarnach was. Clad in a regal gray gown with gold, red, and deep green flower embroidery around the neck. Her deep chestnut hair with gray streaks through it was tied into a coronet that circles the back of her head. She held out her hands and Mîrwen took them. "I am so proud of you my daughter!" she said pulling Mîrwen into a hug. "Such an honor to be a healer in the Houses. Your father, Gods rest his soul, would be ecstatic about this." "Yes and with her choice of love," Nauriel added in. Mîrwen shot her a look of pure shock she didn't expect Nauriel to tell! "Love?" ask their mother pulling away from Mîrwen and smiling. "What does she mean, 'love' Mîrwen? Answer me!" Mîrwen let out a sigh, "It's not love. It's just," she looked to Théodred, "That young man there. He is the most handsome I've ever laid eyes on. I never said I loved him though. Am I not allowed to look at a handsome young man?" Morwen smiled at her young daughter and brushed her hair away from her face, "Of course daughter," she kissed her head. Ioreth raised her hands and all went quiet, "We shall now depart for Linhir then onward for Minas Tirith. Soldiers if you could, escort the ladies to their horses." Mîrwen gave a last hug to her sister and mother. With tears in her eyes Morwen let her daughter go with the other maidens. Nauriel took her from the hall to the street where they could watch Mîrwen leave. The soldiers led the ladies out the back of the lodge to where a number of horses where. There were: greys, duns, chestnuts, bays, dabbles, pintos, and a whole other assortment. Mîrwen counted at least sixty! Well, with all the soldiers and the senior healers and the luggage they'd need that many. However, she had her own white mare that she would ride, Nenya. She then spotted her in the midst of the herd. She smiled as Nenya seemed to eye the other unknown horses. The king of Rohan turned, "Those of you with horses, they are over there. If without, come with us." Mîrwen, Shia, and Janara hurried over and found their horses waiting for them. They were instructed to mount up and did as they were told. Ioreth and the other senior healers came out and mounted their horses...sidesaddle position. Mîrwen's face fell when she saw that. Sidesaddle left her in pain and she did not want to ride like that. To her surprise they were not made to instead, had to follow the healers out towards the gates. They waved to their friends and family on the side who cheered them on. Mîrwen saw Nauriel and her mother. Both had tears in their eyes and Morwen smiled sadly. As they exited the gates and got to the lower road Mîrwen looked back at Imloth Melui. The people looked down from the ridge at the passing group, waving and cheering. She saw Nauriel standing next to a small boy smiling. She too smiled. She raised her hand and yelled, "I'll see you later then!" "I suppose so!" Nauriel yelled back. "I'll miss you sister!" "And I you dear one!" she lowered her hand and stared up at her town. She heard a horse behind her and turned only to see the young soldier. "Milady we must continue on. We have to reach Linhir by nightfall." Mîrwen nodded and looked back up at Nauriel. Her cheeks were flushed and her sister took great amusement in this. "It's alright sister! If you wrote me the details I won't tell!" she began to laugh. Mîrwen made a face and wheeled her horse around to join the group. They all started north for the city of Linhir. Chapter 2: Minas Tirith They arrived in Linhir later that day. Mîrwen was saddle-sore and extremely tired as were the other young ladies. She just couldn't believe that they made as fast as they did. Linhir was a small city made of white stones like Minas Tirith itself. They stayed in a villa in the countryside on the outskirts of town. Mîrwen (to her misfortune) got a room right next to Théodred. She often heard him walking from one end of the room to the other. "I wonder what for," she often thought to herself. When the time came to leave Mîrwen watched from the balcony