The Giant War has just ended, and Percy feels betrayed. His friends and beloved have left him, and Zeus has created his own regime where no demigod has much freedom anymore. The Olympian Council is no more. The mortal world is now ruled by dictators, and Percy Jackson will have his revenge. Even if it means getting the help of beings so ancient and unknown, even the Olympians don't know about them. AN: I know I shouldn't be writing another PJO story, but in all honesty, does Civil War really deserve continuation? It's not really that great, and I kind of winged it. But anyways, I shall not be stopping that story yet; it will just take longer to update. By the way this story will probably contain a rouge Percy and other Pantheons of gods. By the way, usual author notes won't be this long, but one thing I want to say is that the line about 'above all else, desire power' is essentially a reformation of the famous line in Lord of the Rings. I love LotR by the way. More than PJO. Why am I telling you this? I don't know. Oh well. Enjoy. Or not. The smell of dirt filled his nostrils as he slammed face-first into the ground, his sword cluttering out of his grasp. The crowd went wild, boos and cheers erupting from the stands. Percy Jackson was furious. No. That was an understatement. He wanted to take Zeus and burn his soul in Tartarus. Grabbing his sword, he rolled out of the way before his enemy could defeat him. He took a step back and calculated his opponent. He was no longer the happy, bubbly boy who charged into battle without a plan. Tartarus had changed him, and Zeus' Regime had as well. His opponent was a fully armoured demigod, with his brilliant iron armour and a golden, winged helm. His eyes were in slits, and he didn't look hesitant at all to gut Percy like a fish. And with that Percy charged. His enemy charged forward as well, but at the last moment, the Saviour of Olympus stepped out of the way and whirled around, just to slam his sword hilt with such force into the demigod's head he swore he could see him vibrating before falling to the ground in an undignified heap. Percy backed away, disgust and fury written all over his features. The crowd was silent, not used to seeing the formerly calm hero of Olympus so cold and unforgiving. But they had to remember what had happened. He had no one now to lean on. His beloved had left him. His friends? What friends? If they still loved him like he did, they didn't show it. Deeply wrapped in the webs of the gods, trapped when the only thoughts they have are of being prepared for the next threat that comes Zeus' way. An army of brainwashed demigods now awaited at the King of the Gods' command, fed with lies and empty promises that were never fulfilled. He was broken out of his musings when another opponent lumbered onto the field, armed with just an iron breastplate and a heavy doubled-edged axe. He was a son of Ares, his dirty blond hair matted against his face and his eyes narrowed and filled with a lust for blood. Percy raised his eyebrows. This one seemed even more foolish than the last. As his opponent charged forward, raising his double bladed axe, Percy lazily stepped to the side and tripped the demigod to the floor. He went flying, crashing to the ground face-first and skidding to a halt. Percy ran forward and brought down his sword with tremendous force, instantly knocking him cold. Percy stepped back, his eyes scanned the crowd, and his eyes connected, momentarily, with his former friends. And Annabeth. His scowl deepened and he could feel fury and sadness bubbling through his veins. The gates clanged open. Percy whirled around, and his next opponent brought horribles memories of the past few weeks rushing back to him. It was Thalia Grace, his cousin and former friend. Flashback: Percy ran through the rain, his feet splashing against the mud as he made his way towards his mom's apartment. They hadn't responded to his calls. Was his mom okay? Was Paul okay? He flung open the door and flew towards the elevator with stunning speeds. He stepped in as the doors slid open and slammed the button to his floor. He was pacing nervously around until a ding! was heard. He pushed open the elevator doors and ran. Something was very wrong. He could feel it in his bones. He rang the doorbell to his apartment numerous times before stepping back and taking a deep breath. Drawing Riptide, he kicked the door open and slowly crept in. What he saw made him scream in pain and anguish. There, lying on the floor with her eyes still wide open in shock, was his mom, dead and blood pooling around her. The woman who had cared for him her entire life, the woman who put up with him even when all he brought was trouble, It was Paul. His throat was slit open and his hands hung limp by his sides. Percy screamed once again and he broke down into such a fit of sobbing and tears were flowing freely down her face. It was in that moment that Perseus Jackson swore to get his revenge on those who had killed his mother and step-father (whom he loved even if he wasn't his father). As he stumbled back in his stupor, he realized that standing there was doing him no good. He had to give his parents the proper ritual that they deserved. He prayed to the only Olympians that would actually help him to do this. His prayers were not gone unnoticed, and Hestia and Poseidon flashed into the room, tears streaming down both of their faces. Percy turned towards them and realized they must have already seen what happened, and by the look in his eyes they probably knew what they had to do. Gingerly picking up Sally's body, Poseidon flashed the three of them and the two bodies to Montauk beach, near the cabin, and they started digging up holes for Sally and Paul, all of them staying silent for the sake of each other's state of grief. " What happened, Percy?" Poseidon asked quietly. Percy clenched his fists and then unclenched them. " I...I don't know. I found them dead. And I swear whoever did this will pay." He growled in a shaky voice. Hestia frowned at him. "Perseus, you are a great hero. Don't let your vengeance blind you." Percy looked at her curiously and nodded. They all turned back to burying the two bodies in silence, wallowing in their grief and their inability to save their loved ones lives'. The vision changed once again. Percy limped desperately through the camp borders, returning from his most recent quest. It was a short quest, simply to deal with some dangerous enemies of the gods while the Hunters of Artemis were occupied. And seemingly occupied watching the new son of Zeus, the new heartthrob of Olympus. Philip Baros, the result of Zeus once again cheating on Hera (still, it wasn't like Poseidon was much better) and creating an arrogant airhead who faked being a great humble hero in public. Percy had met him before going on his quest. It wasn't a very pleasant meeting. His mind went back to the horrible sight of his mother lying on the floor, dead, blood pooling around her. He shook his head furiously and refocused. He trudged wearily past the camp boundaries, his face clearly contorted in pain, but that was quickly hid behind surprise when he saw bright lights, chanting and smoke coming from the amphitheater. He hurried along quicker, albeit taken aback as to why there was no guard. What there was so important the camp's borders wouldn't have been defended? When he finally reached the amphitheater he squeezed between the crowd and burst out and what he saw next shocked him. It was Annabeth, the love his life, kissing someone else fiercely. Percy stood there, saying nothing, his eyes conveying only one emotion. Sadness. Tears slipped down his face. He suddenly heard the crowd go silent in their chanting; they must have noticed Percy standing there. The boy making out with Annabeth pulled back, a grin on his face, and his eyes scanned the crowd before they landed on Percy. It was Philip Baros, the boy who despised him for the attention he got. Philip's mouth turned into a vicious sneer. " Well, well. Look who it is. It's Mr. Golden Boy." He spat out with a disgusted tone. Annabeth, however, had a different reaction. She was stuttering as soon as she had followed Philip's gaze, making feeble, pathetic excuses. Percy didn't acknowledge her, the voice he loved going through one ear and going out the other. Philip stalked towards Percy, untangling his legs from around Annabeth's waist. His movements were slow and daunting to most people, but Percy was furious and broken. Whatever this weakling did, Percy was sure he could give the fucker a nice twist around the neck so his head would snap. " I see you have returned. How you have the audacity to do so I cannot comprehend," the son of Zeus drawled. Percy snorted. " When did you learn to speak such big words?" Percy snapped back, furious. (Okay, seriously. Why do some fanfics portray Percy as a complete dumbass? He is simply a little oblivious sometimes. He is actually pretty smart, which is shown in many parts of his books and the Heroes of Olympus). Philip's eyes narrowed and his nostrils flared. "After what you did! You have no right to be here. Begone from this camp and do not ruin the lives of those in it any longer!" he roared, spit flying from his mouth as his fury overcame him. Percy looked generally confused, especially with all the glares aimed at him. "What are you talking about?" the son of Poseidon asked, his eyes conveying his emotions clearly. Katie Gardener snapped in an furious voice. "You know what you did, Jackson. Don't play dumb. Oh wait. You don't need to act to do that." His former friend finished with a sneer. Percy was shocked, blinking back his tears. He turned around to see his friends glaring at him, their eyes boring into his. He was getting no support from here either, by the looks of it. " Thal-" Percy started but was cut off. " Don't talk to me." She said furiously before storming off, her electric blue eyes swirling and thundering in her anger. His other friends glared at him one last time, and he couldn't take it anymore. He was dying on the inside, his heart shattering and darkness creeping over him. Whatever had happened when he was gone, he assumed it hadn't helped his reputation. Of course, he couldn't care less about his reputation. His fatal flaw was loyalty, and he was loyal to his friends. He could feel those ties breaking as his friends left, one by one, muttering curses and foul things about the Savior of Olympus. His now dim, broken sea-green eyes wandered back to behind him once again. He was surprised to see no one defending him, and all flocking to Philip. And then it hit him. It hit him so hard he staggered back even though nothing had physically touched him. Philip must have spread rumours about him. Percy felt his fist clench, and he could feel darkness seeping through his veins, the only thing going through his mind in that moment being 'betrayal' and 'revenge'. He spun around on his heel and promptly stormed off, his once calm eyes now a raging inferno of a collection of such dark thoughts even Ares, the