AU of the original story. Wasn't too sure how to describe so took a section of text. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I own nothing, duh. Chapter 1 (Percy POV) "Come on, Goat boy." Annabeth said grabbing Grover's arm. Grover yelped when Annabeth touched him and his sneakers sprouted out wings. A moment later his legs shot forward, pulling him away from us. He landed flat on his back in the grass. "Grover!" Annabeth chided "Stop messing around." "But I didn't-" he started before letting out another yelp. His shoes were flapping like crazy now. They were levitating off the ground now. A split second later they began dragging him away from us. "Maia!" he yelled as the shoes continued to drag him. The magic word had no effect on the shoes, like they had a mind of their own. "Maia already! Dial nine-one-one already!" he screamed out. I broke out of our stunned silence and made a wild grab for Grover's arm, but it was too late, he was already sliding further away, picking up speed with every meter. Annabeth and I took off after him. "Untie the shoes!" Annabeth screamed out as we raced after Grover. It was a good idea, but I'd assume trying to untie your shoes whilst they are dragging you along at full speed would be rather difficult. Grover tried to sit up but couldn't get close enough to the laces, every time he'd reach out one of the shoes would jerk forward offsetting Grover's balance and knocking him back down. We kept after him as he slid through tufts of grass and along black stone. I was sure Grover would barrel straight through the gates of Hades palace, but the shoes took a sharp right and began to drag him in the opposite direction. The slope then got steeper, Annabeth and I had to sprint to keep up with Grover. The cavern walls began to narrow on either side and I realised we had entered some kind of side tunnel. No black grass, no trees, just rock underfoot and the dim glow of stalactites above. "Grover!" I yelled, my voice echoing off the rock around us. "Grab onto something!" "What!?" He yelled back at the top of his lungs, his voice filled with despair. I saw him furiously clawing onto the gravel and rock on the floor, but there was nothing large enough to stop him. The tunnel got colder and darker. It smelled of evil as we continued racing down the tunnel. The hairs on my arms and neck bristled upwards. Then when I saw what was ahead of us I stopped dead in my tracks. The tunnel opened up into a huge dark cavern. In the middle of the cavern was a gaping chasm the size of a city block. Grover was sliding straight towards the edge of the cavern. "Percy! Come on!" Annabeth yelled as she sprinted past me. "but that's…" I said turning to Annabeth, her face was pale, but her eyes were filled with fiery determination. "I know. The place you described in your dream. But Grover is going to fall if we don't catch him." Annabeth yelled at me. The mention of Grover falling sparked some sense into me and I took off again with renewed vigour. Grover was yelling and clawing at the ground, but the winged shoes on his feet kept dragging him towards the chasm. It didn't look like we would get to him in time. What saved Grover, were his hooves. The shoes had always been a loose fit on him so when the left one dragged him over a large rock, it came loose and fell to the floor unmoving. The right shoe kept tugging him, but at a much slower pace. Grover was able to anchor himself by grabbing onto a large rock and stopped moving altogether, 5 feet from the edge of the chasm. We got to Grover who was hugging the rock for dear life, whimpering. The other shoe tugged itself off and angrily kicked our heads before flying off into the chasm. We all collapsed on the floor in exhaustion. My legs felt like lead, even my backpack felt heavier. I slung it off and set it to rest next to me. Grover was cut up pretty bad. His hands were scratched and bleeding. His eyes had gone slit like they did when he was terrified, his lips had gone a purple colour. I don't... I…" He started staring at us disbelievingly. I started chuckling. Our luck really was terrible. Annabeth and then Grover also started laughing. A laugh of relief. A faint whisper drew me from my laughter. "Wait" I said holding my hand up. They both stopped and looked at me with curious and concerned expressions. "Listen…" I head another deep whisper come from the darkness. Another few seconds passed before Annabeth spoke up. "Percy, this place-" "Shhh" I whispered putting my finger to my lips. I stood up and stalked a little closer to the edge of the chasm. The sound was getting louder, like an evil muttering, or chanting. It was coming from deep, deep below us, in the pit. Grover sat up behind me "Wha-What's that?" he asked Annabeth sat up next to him, obviously hearing it too. Her eyes widened, and I could tell we were thinking along the same lines. "It's Tartarus. The entrance to Tartarus." I uncapped riptide and held it ready at my side, eyeing the pit cautiously. The second my blade expanded, the chanting faltered for a second, before resuming it's evil ritual. The words were old, older than Ancient Greek. As if… "We need to get out of here." Annabeth protested, garnering my attention. I turned around and looked at her, and was about to voice my agreement, before a flash of movement caught my eye. A blur of movement shot towards me, and I felt a heavy thud against my chest. A second later I felt completely weightless. "PERCY!" I heard Annabeth scream out. -Line Break- (Annabeth POV) I screamed out in terror as I saw Grover's other winged shoe slam Percy in the chest and knock him off his feet into the pit. The shoe did a taunting flip before diving into the pit after Percy and its twin. I scrambled forward to the edge of the pit and leaned over. "PERCY!?" I screamed at the top of my lungs. All I could see was blackness, and no sign of him. I felt something warm and wet against my face. Tears rolled off my cheeks. I turned to look at Grover, who was sat staring at the place where Percy was knocked off, his face was pale and gaunt. I crawled over to Grover and pulled him into a hug. A loud, raspy, evil voice began laughing. The voice was emanating from the chasm. It was laughing like it had just assured its own victory. I grabbed Grover, who was still lifeless and dragged him to his feet and out towards the way we came in, scooping up Percy's bag as we ran. We stumbled out of the entrance and back into the fields of asphodel, where we collapsed at the base of a large poplar tree. "Annabeth… Are you telling me that was Tartarus." Grover choked out, staring up at me with disbelieving eyes. "And Percy?" He whimpered out. Tears were streaming down his cheeks, making small rivers in the dust and muck that adorned his face. I dropped my head and winced. Percy, Grover's best friend had just been kicked into Tartarus. Tears streamed down both of our faces. Suddenly an idea popped into my mind. We were in Hades realm, he has control here maybe he could help us. "Grover, let's go to Hades palace. He may be able to help us." I said in a serious tone, standing and shouldering the backpack, which weighed a tonne. Had Percy really been lugging this the entire way? Why did it weigh so much. "I don't care about Hades helping us! What about Percy?" he shouted out jumping up to his feet. "Shut up goat boy! That is exactly what I'm talking about, we're in his domain, he could help get Percy back." I screamed at him, getting in his face. Grover's eyes widened and he took a step back. His lower lip started trembling. I looked at him apologetically. "Come on, let's go." I said, putting a hand on his shoulder and starting to walk towards the palace. "Yeah sure." He mumbled. He tried to sound brave but he was trembling badly. I looked down at my own hand which was also shaking violently. Whatever it was in the pit that was chanting was old, older than anything I'd felt before. I could feel the power rolling off the voice. The outer walls of the palace glittered black, and the two-story-tall bronze gates stood wide open. The Furies flew high above, circling us like vultures. Up close, I saw that the engravings on the gates were scenes of death. Some were from modern times- an atomic bomb exploding over a city, a trench filled with gas mask-wearing soldiers, a line of African famine victims waiting with empty bowls-but all of them looked as if they'd been etched into the bronze thousands of years ago. Inside the courtyard was the strangest garden I'd ever seen. Multi-coloured mushrooms, poisonous shrubs, and weird luminous plants grew without sunlight. Precious jewels made up for the lack of flowers, piles of rubies as big as my fist, clumps of diamonds, emeralds, sapphires, amethysts, topaz and many other gems littered the ground. This was the most expensive garden I'd ever seen in my life. In the centre of the garden was an orchard of pomegranate trees. Their orange bloom glowing like neon lights in the dark. "The garden on Persephone." I whispered out. I looked over to see Grover walking towards a massive juicy pomegranate. "Grover!" I shouted out, running over to him and dragging him away from the tree. "We need to keep moving" I said to him seriously. The tart smell of the fruit overwhelming me, trying to draw me back and take a bite. I knew though that if I ate anything in the underworld I would never be able to leave. I pulled Grover up the steps of the palace, between black columns, through a black marble portico, and into the house of Hades. The entry hall had a polished bronze floor, which seemed to boil in the reflected torchlight. There was no ceiling, just the cavern roof, far above Every side doorway was guarded by a skeleton in military gear. Some wore Greek armour, some British redcoat uniforms, some camouflage with tattered American flags on their shoulders. They carried spears or muskets or M-16s. None of them bothered us, but their hollow eye sockets followed us as we walked down the hall, toward the big set of doors at the opposite end. Two U.S. Marine skeletons guarded the doors. They grinned down at us, rocket-propelled grenade launchers held across their chests. I involuntarily shivered at their grin's. They weren't sinister, but more like 'You made a mistaking coming down here, soon you'll be joining us'. A hot wind blew down the hall from behind us and the doors swung open. The Skeleton's stepped aside and made way for us to enter. The room was exactly as Percy had described in his dream. The thought of Percy got my heart racing. The throne was currently occupied. Hades was at least ten feet tall, and dressed in black silk robes and a crown of braided gold. His skin was albino white, his hair shoulder-length and jet black. He wasn't bulked up like Ares, but he radiated power. He lounged on his throne of fused human bones, looking lithe, graceful, and dangerous as a panther. My shoulders began to ache under the weight of the bag on my back, though