I don't own Twilight, I only own my OC's. Chapter One - First Sight I had never been a fan of the heat. The sweltering, blistering, back drenching heat of the Arizona sun made living there hell. Bella, on the other hand, loved it here. Personally, I don't see how she could enjoy the sun seeing she looked like Casper the friendly ghost's twin. I'm glad I didn't have her skin complexion; while I could compare her skin to paste, I could compare mine to the barest minimum of a tan. Fuck the sun. "Bella, Olly, you guys don't have to do this." mom said for what seemed like the tenth time in three minutes. "I want to go," Bella lied, giving mom a weak smile. I knew Bella was worried about our harebrained mother, but she was an adult so I just shrugged it off. Bella was the one who asked to go live with dad, so it was on her conscious, not mine. Don't get me wrong, I love mom to death, but she's just too energetic for me to keep up with. Besides, I liked dad 's house. It was cosy and homey, which the house back in Arizona lacked. "Tell Charlie I said hi." "We will." Bella spoke, while I gave a thumbs up. "Okay, i'll tell him you that I can get a tattoo and smoke crack." I said with as much seriousness as I could bring forward. Mom giggled and hugged me tightly and kissed me on the cheek. "I'll miss that sense of humor you have, my little Olive branch." "Mom please don't ever call me that again," I grimaced at her little nickname. She gave Bella the same treatment as me, and I felt my heart break just a little bit. I was going to miss her a lot, but this was the best thing we could do for her and ourselves. She was a free spirit while Bella and I were homebodies. She deserved to be happy with Phil and we deserved a parent we could rely on for more than just a fun spa day. I waved to mom as we walked through the tunnel that led to our plane. As we walked on the plane, I looked to Bella. She looked so ready to leave our home and join dad in the boonies, but I knew that was just a face she put on. Deep down, I knew she was sad to leave mom and Phoenix behind. "Hey Bella?" "Yeah?" she responded, looking over to me. You're really brave is what I wanted to say, but instead I spurted out something that would maybe lighten the mood. "You're a nerd." "You're a dork." she shot back with a small smile on her face. I fake gasped, "I take offense to that, i'm suing you. You'll be hearing from my lawyer you criminal scum." As we sat in our seat on the plane, we lowered our tone and continued talking. "I'm sorry for dragging you to Forks, Olly," Bella whispered to me. "Don't be, I think you did the right thing by saying we should live with dad." I leaned my head back on the seat and stretched my legs out in front of me. "You think so?" she asked. She folded her carry on parka on her lap and looked down, her long hair covering her face like a curtain. "Yeah, I really do." "Thank you." The four hour flight to Seattle was boring, but I slept the entire way there so I guess it wasn't that bad. We had boarded another small plane to take us to Port Angeles. After we landed and got off that plane, it really felt real to me. We were really moving in with dad, and we really left Phil to handle mom by himself. "Look, there he is," I pointed out dad from the small crowd of people waiting in front of the gate. I dropped my two large suitcases on their wheels and grabbed the handles. I practically ran to dad, which probably looked really funny from his end; his youngest daughter wheeling two big suitcases sprinting to him, knocking over people in the process. "Dad!" I dropped the handles and hugged him hard, pressing my face into his chest. He wasn't surprised when I did that, he knew I was a very touchy-feely type of person and had gotten used to it. He placed his arms around me and hugged back. "I missed you so much!" I yelled, but it was muffled by his shirt. Bella had finally made it to us when dad let me go. He gave her an awkward one armed hug that made me feel awkward for the both of them. Dad and Bella were too much alike and that made things awkward for all of us. "It's good to see you both. How's Renee?" he asked. I picked my suitcases back up and we started walking to his police cruiser. I thought it was pretty cool that he was the police chief, and he can legally carry a taser, so that's double the awesomeness. "Mom's fine. It's good to see you Ch- dad." Bella had the habit of calling him Charlie, which she wasn't allowed to do in front of him. Bella and I placed our bags in the back of the cruiser. I quickly ran to the front of the car so I didn't have to feel like a criminal. Bella glared at me as I hopped in the passenger seat and I stuck my tongue out at her. You snooze you lose. "I found a good car for you both, pretty cheap and reliable," dad said when we hit the road. "What kind of car is it?" Bella questioned suspiciously. "It's the hippie car I always wanted, right? The one that says 'Olly's Mystery Machine' on it, right? Right?" I wasn't joking when I said I wanted that car. "Sadly no, but it's a Chevy truck." Damn it. "Where did you find it?" Bella please drop it, it's a car, be grateful you little shit. "Do you remember Billy Black down at La Push?" "Is that the Indian reservation by the coast?" I asked, faintly remembering them. Dad nodded and I gasped in remembrance, "That guy who went fishing with us and buy me candy bars?" Bella was forced to go fishing with us, so I doubt she remembered him. She had a knack for repressing memories from Forks. "He's in a wheelchair now so he can't drive it anymore." I cut him off, "Well I wonder why he can't drive it." I said sarcastically. Dad sighed and continued, "He offered to sell me the truck dirt cheap." "What year is it?" Bella's questioned never seemed to end about the damn truck. "It was the summer of 69'." I mocked her and sang the classic line from Bryan Adams Summer of 69 . "Shut up." Bella groaned. "Billy's done a lot of work on the engine, so it runs like it's brand new." He sure is talking this thing up. "When did he buy it?" "Your face!" "1984 I think." "Did he buy it new?" Bella I swear to god I will smack you. "No, he bought it in the late fifties early sixties," he admitted. I stopped listening at that point, I wasn't really in the mood to hear Bella and dad argue. I watched us pass the Forks sign and I mentally tacked on two more people to the town's population. This is what I missed out Forks; the atmosphere. The trees swayed to their own music and the wind directed the leaves flitter from their homes. The sky was a murky gray, much like the ocean that lined the beaches of Washington. I felt truly at home here. The people who lived here were generally friendly and they all seemed united. You could go on walks on the trails that seemed to be everywhere, or you could go sightseeing on the trail of life. When we made it to Bella and I's new home, I smiled. It was how I remembered it. The three bedroom house that mom and dad bought when Bella was just born and I was on the way seemed like a fresh breath of air. I looked to the left and there sat the truck that was bestowed upon us. It was a faded red with a little bit of rust, but I liked it. I couldn't drive it because I still had my learner's permit, but in five months, I was going to tear up the town in that sucker. "Wow dad, I love it!" Bella exclaimed, and to my surprise it didn't sound like she was lying. "I'm glad you like it." dad said quietly, embarrassed. Dad helped me carry my stuff up the stairs and to my room. My room was across from Bella's and beside the upstairs bathroom. The mauve colored walls were just how I remembered, and my twin sized bed was still laid horizontally against the wall so I could use it as a couch too. My fuzzy lime green rug was placed beside my bookshelf which held all my books and DVDs. The small bay window still had the black curtains that dad bought for me, and my mom's old computer was plugged in on my desk and ready to go. Dad put my suitcases down and closed the door on his way out, leaving me to my privacy. He always gave Bella and I our space, something mom never did. I looked at the little alarm clock on my desk and groaned; it was almost eight at night. I hadn't ate anything since the plane ride, and let me tell you, that food sucked more than whore with her rent due in the morning. I organised my clothes in my closet and lined my shoes against the wall in the back of closet. I put my pants and underwear in the small dresser that was beside my bed. By the time I had done all that, it was nine thirty and I was starving. I stepped out of my room and saw Bella mentally preparing herself for tomorrow in the bathroom. I tip toed past her and went downstairs to the kitchen. The first thing I saw was a box of cereal, so I did what any sane person does. I took the entire box of cereal and went back into my room, not bothering to ask Bella if she wanted any of the generic frosted oats cereal. I slept like a log last night, but that doesn't mean I want to get up and go to school. It was still raining when I woke up, which really didn't bother me. I groaned and uncovered myself, which was a big mistake because it was colder than a witch's tit. I slipped on my light pink bunny slippers and trekked to my closet. I wish I picked out an outfit last night because I had no idea what to wear. Bella should know, right? I stepped out of my room and to Bella's room. I didn't bother knocking, so I pushed open the door and saw her slipping on a pair of jeans. "I'm in dire need of advice. What do I wear today?" Bella gave me a look that said 'I don't know' and ushered me out of the room. She closed the door and locked. I blew a raspberry at the wooden door, if she didn't want to help me she could have said so. Back in my room I go. Now, what to wear? I looked at one of my dresses but decided no. It was too cold right now, and I don't want to seem like a prissy little girl. Fuck it. I grabbed one of my graphic shirts that said 'Harvard Law' and nodded, this would do perfectly. I then went picked out a