"The champion for Durmstrang," says Dumbledore, "will be Viktor Krum." I join in with the rest of the Hall in smiling and applauding him. It's so nice when my gut reaction to things is what a nice, normal, well-adjusted fourteen-year-old's should be. It's probably more convincing, too. Krum gets up and waddles over to the antechamber where the champions were supposed to go. I don't care what anyone else says, it's a waddle. I don't see why so many girls are after him. He's hardly the cutest guy available. He's not even the best-looking of the champions, and while I grant that not too many girls would agree with my first pick, Diggory's still handsomer. I think it's Fleur next, then Diggory, then Potter. After all, even he couldn't have screwed this up in only twenty-four hours. Although, who knows. He's exceeded all expectations before. The Goblet turns red again and fire spurts out, catapulting a second strip of paper into Dumbledore's hand. He reads it: "The champion for Beauxbatons is Fleur Delacour!" I clap even harder for her, and barely suppress a wolf whistle, just like the first time. I love watching her walk. It's a good thing she never showed any interest in me – or Chang, who I guess is a proxy and nearer her age – because those hips are maybe the only things I'd deviate from the scenario for. Well, maybe not just the hips. Damn, these hormones are even worse than I remembered. On the other hand, she eats at our table for the entire year. That's enough time to strike up a friendship, and – oh, maybe – more. I'm sure she'd want to keep it a secret, and if it did come out, it'd just about be believable that the same had happened last time, and we just hadn't been caught. Hmm. My French is probably a little rusty, and I still look too young for her, and I can't act my real age without getting caught. Maybe I could show up to the Yule Ball without a date and cut in for a dance, then impress her with my maturity and intelligence? Much like the first time, I'm so busy fantasising that I barely even notice the Goblet turning red again. It doesn't really matter, anyway; no-one can see me, and I know what's going to happen. Cedric, Harry, blah blah, Cedric dies except not this time because that's when we – by which I mean I, being the smart one – will spring our ambush and save the world. Could I maybe revise and take my NEWTs at the end of the year? Hmm, probably too risky. I could do that for next year, and risking my skin isn't worth merely one extra year with a job. Dumbledore's eyebrows rise as he reads the parchment. "The champion for Hogwarts is Su Li." It takes me a moment. Everyone begins clapping, but a wave of confusion sweeps the Hall, as people's gazes begin with the seventh-years at the front of the tables, scan through them for some overachiever they're never met, and then try the sixth-years with identical results, before a friend tells them and their gazes finally lock on me. And then the whispers begin. Crap. Crap crap crappity crap. Well played, Snape and/or Fake Moody. Well played. Kevin, one of currently only two people from my House-year with whom I'm on speaking terms – it's a long story – turns and raises his eyebrows slightly. He's a reserved boy; this is equivalent to a full-on gape from anyone else. I can only shrug at him now and hope he doesn't question too many of the lies I'm going to have to tell him later. I edge out of my seat, stand and walk the length of the Hall. The applause tapers away when I'm less than halfway there, and I can hear the muttered remarks. "Who on Earth is that?" "There's no way she's seventeen. Twelve, maybe. " "Decent legs, though. For a kid." "Well, that's it for us." "Seriously?" "Is it bad taste to bet on another school?" "We got a Chinese champion?" " Who is she? " If I have any complaints about Ravenclaw, it's that we're calculating, manipulative, hypercompetitive sycophants. Other than that, we're good. The Hufflepuffs screamed themselves hoarse for Diggory; I haven't got a third of that. Of course, he did look the part rather more than I do. The hum of people discussing me, nowhere near as quiet as they think they are, only gets louder, as the last of the applause dies down. Yes, as it so happens I do realise I'm not as pretty as Fleur is, thank you for reminding me, and if you had the guts to say it to my face I'd remind you that you just got outdone by a fourteen-year-old. I finally reach level with the teachers' table. Dumbledore gives me a questioning look; I glance away. Flitwick gives me the same what the hell look he gave me in sixth year when I abused Polyjuice to turn myself into a catgirl for Halloween. Snape tries to lock eyes with me; I keep mine sharply averted, thank you very much, and head on to the chamber. So, Snape's done this to try and smoke me out, or maybe Fake Moody got orders from above, although that's less likely. How can I deny everything now? The same actions should yield the same results. Well, technically the same actions haven't occurred. One of them changed one thing, probably Snape; he threw my name in. So he must have changed his route, so someone might have seen him, and they might have been reminded of something he once said … I enter the champions' room. There are paintings all over the walls, and a roaring fire. Fleur is in pride of place before the fire; Krum is off to one side, glaring at her. Either he's wishing she'd move over and let him get more of it or, likelier, he wishes he had the courage to talk to someone so pretty. They look up at me, their brows rising in surprise. "Is zere a problem?" Fleur asks. "Um, heh," I say with a weak, forced chuckle. "I guess, sort of? I, I didn't think it was possible, but I'm the Hogwarts champion." I'm not entirely forcing this nervousness. My plans to outsmart You-Know-Who may need some improvisation. That sentence is never a good one to have to think. Fleur gives a superior little laugh. "You cannot possibly be old enough, ma petite ." This physically hurts in my chest. I am old enough. You don't know everything, but you're cool, and I respect your opinion. I almost think of you as a big sister. Well, while I'm not thinking things from which one usually excludes one's siblings. "I'm pretty grown-up for my age?" I try, and internally wince. That sounded like something a first-year would say. Fleur and Krum exchange sceptical glances. "Zis competition is supposed to be an elite tournament," Fleur presses. "I don't want to win because I'm competing against little girls." "Well," I say. "Maybe I'll surprise you?" No. Too self-assured. I give another self-deprecating laugh. "Yeah, um, I don't exactly want to be here either. Well, at least you have one old champion to fight against?" No. That was just pathetic. " J'aime tes cheveux? " Last time, I scored a few points with her by speaking French, which only a few people in the entire castle can do at all. Complimenting a girl on her hair always works. Instead, though, she just gives me this look of sheer noncomprehension. " Quoi? " I blink. Was my pronunciation off? I don't think so; I've always had a good accent. "Do you mean, mes chevaux? " Oh, Nimue. The French words for hair and horses are only one letter apart. I wilt. Krum is just staring, like he can't believe what's happening, and Fleur is … I can't even look at her. Fortunately, this is where Potter walks in. Thank Nimue for that. No matter how stupid I feel, I'm still a Ravenclaw, and he's only a Gryffindor, and, more importantly, he's got their attention. He's staring at me , though; obviously he knows I'm not supposed to be here. I suppose he'll be a good litmus test for how convincing I can act. "'As she been recalled?" Fleur asks, and wow but the rose has thorns. If I were physically capable of hating her, I think I would. "Er, not exactly," Potter says. "I'm here because I'm … also the Hogwarts champion." Fleur and Krum exchange another, even more incredulous, look. There comes the pitter-patter of overgrown feet, and Ludo Bagman appears, looking exhilarated. He takes Potter and me by our arms and leads us forward. Despite what anyone might say, I generally try to minimise my body contact with old men, and deftly twist my arm out of his grip. "This is extraordinary!" he exclaims, pretending not to notice. "No, incredible . Ladies, gentlemen, may I present – believe it or not! – the fourth Triwizard champion?" Harry is looking at me curiously. He doesn't know I made it back too, although he must at least suspect now. He can't possibly be thick enough not to, touchwood. I only wish he'd stop openly displaying curiosity about something that only merits it if you know how it happened last time. "But now zere are two from 'Ogwarts, and both are far too young." "Li, wasn't it?" Potter asks. "What are you doing here?" "What am I doing here? What are you doing here?" I'd better tone it down. This is the first time, now or in the previous timeline for that matter, that I've ever spoken to him; I can't justify hating him too much yet, and I'm not the sort to hate someone without serious provocation. Maybe I can hate him for stealing my glory? "Well," he says. "Weird things happen to me a lot, you know? But I've never noticed them happening to you." What an idiot. The door swings open, and in sweep the two Headmasters and one Headmistress, along with Crouch, McGonagall, Flitwick, and Snape. I keep my eyes firmly away from Snape's. "Madame Maxime!" says Fleur. "Is it true, zat zese children are competing also?" I may be in a child's body, but I could still use it like an adult. I shake my head. That really isn't what I should be thinking about right now. Although, it would be fairly in character … Maxime and Karkaroff take turns, alternately raging and taking sly potshots at Dumbledore. I try to repress my libido and wait for an opening. I'm going to need to do this perfectly. "You needn't blame Dumbledore for Potter's misbehaviour, Karkaroff," Snape interrupts. "He's persisted at it for the past three years; if anything, we should have foreseen this latest –" "That will do, Severus," Dumbledore says quietly, and Snape falls silent. Now or never. I clear my throat, and all eyes fix on me. "Um," I say. I don't know why I'm terrified now, and of people other than Snape, but there you are. Ravenclaws just aren't used to being glared at by teachers, I guess. "This might have sort of been my fault, actually." McGonagall gives me her Look, the one she only needs to give anyone once for their entire life. "What exactly do you mean, Ms Li?" "Yes, go on," says Karkaroff, seizing on the opportunity to blame Dumbledore by proxy. "Well, how much do you know about Ravenclaw Bets?" Flitwick drops his head into his hands, and I could kiss him. That's the exact sort of genuine acting that might just save my butt this year. McGonagall's eyes widen; Crouch makes a 'go on' gesture. "It's a House tradition we have," I say. This is one of those lies that's strong because