Hello everyone! I have been playing around with this idea for some time. Nervous about trying my hand at this fic. Hopefully it will not be terrible or boring. The story was spawned from a strange idea and decided to write it. It branches off the typical idea of girl falls into middle earth, but not necessarily entirely. This story will speak for itself as you read more of it. This will be an AU/Canon. Crosses between different ideas to make one ULTIMATE story! No, not really... I'm simply having fun. Maybe you'll grow to like it? Maybe. So don't run away just yet... And I apologize for any typos I've noticed very few fic are similar to this idea, so hopefully it'll appear different. It will have some romance of different character; possibly romance with my characters, be warned but no slash or graphic sex scenes. I am rating this T, for precaution. The timeline will bounce but don't worry, I'll give you a warning. Please forgive me if the dates are sightly off. Its been a long time since I've read the books. If you see a mistake, please tell me and I will fix it. I do hope to hear from you and know you thoughts on this story. ;) Sorry if my elvish is wrong, unfortunately I did not major in LOTR Language during college. For all the Purist: this is an AU. WARNING: AU! Declaim! I am not making money! Or claiming all the ideas are mine, this is a fanfic and not a professional publishing for future $$$. Without further delay, please sit back and enjoy this story and I will answer any questions from your comments. Full Summary: The death of her father led Scarlett Thatcher and her childhood friend Cheyenne, two young women of Montana, on a strange journey to find a man named Thomas Dougherty. Who disappeared two decades ago and left behind clues to the ancient world of Middle earth. The Traveller Who is Thomas Dougherty Scarlett Thatcher lazily rested on her stomach upon the moist dirt, circling her finger around a dandelion's head whilst her horse Trigger grazed nearby. On top of a hill, miles from her family's ranch in Montana, Scarlett took her horse to escape the deadly crutches of her mid-term paper; due after her spring break. Majoring in archeology and anthropology was a risky path which she was confident to take along learning linguistic to translate ancient languages. The sun was high above her and radiated warmth down on her fair skin. Long and untamed dark locks with tints of red sprawled across her back whilst the collar of her white button up blouse itched her chin. The young twenty year old hummed a familiar lullaby while, securely protected by trees and wildlife. Scarlet glanced up at her horse who kept his butt to her. "Aren't they just pretty, boy?" Scarlett inquired dreamily as Trigger nickered, swished his tail and completely ignored her. "Well, I know you probably think they taste good rather than look good." Scarlett answered herself, chuckled when realized she was talking to herself. Not having the heart to pull out the dandelion to where as accessory, Scarlett rolled into her back before she stood up and dust off the dirt from her denim pants. Her hair fell on her chest, reached her naval with natural waves. Gingerly she approached Trigger and avoided stepping on the wildflowers. She patted his neck. "Don't worry, I won't hold it against you." Trigger nickered loudly into her sensitive ear which she cringed and immediately covered it. Her fingers delicately covered the tip of her ear from her horse who rubbed his head against her. She smiled until suddenly in the distance she heard her name being echoed across the lands. It was faint but enough to capture her attention. Cautiously she approached the edge and gazed down far below near the slopes where she noticed Buck, her father's ranch caretaker, road wildly on Apollo. He waved his hand frantically over his head to signal her. Frowned to the sight, Scarlett felt a twinge of fright. Fright that something terrible had happened. Swiftly she jogged to Trigger and mounted him effortlessly. Breathlessly she uttered, "Alright boy, there's trouble. We need to make tracks." Gently she tapped her heel into his side and he responded with an eager nicker. Trigger cantered away from their favorite spot and followed the trail down the small hill. They met at the slopes, their horses panted heavily. "What's the matter, Buck?" Scarlett inquired as she stared into the old man's blue eyes that were shadowed by his cowboy hat. "It's your father." He uttered in his thick southern accent that suddenly went solemn. That alone had her worried; Buck was never an emotional man. "There's been an accident, girl." In that moment, her heart sunk until her legs went weak. Even without knowing the truth, she knew in her heart that it was bad. Thankfully, she sat on Trigger otherwise she would have collapsed. After the shock wore off, Scarlett glanced over the terrain toward the direction of the ranch where she felt her father fading. Without further delay, she roughly urged Trigger to make haste. "Wait, girl!" Buck called out but she did not give him the time. Trigger galloped wildly back to the ranch, his mane brushed against her cheek. "Hurry, boy!" She urged against the wind. As they neared, Triggered jumped over the white fence, a short cut to the Victorian styled house at the end of the horseshoe dirt road. Dashed out from the door was Ted, the middle-aged rancher who lived next to them. He hurried down from the porch to steady Trigger as Scarlett leaped off. When she sprinted to the porch, Ted swiftly grabbed her arm and Scarlett snapped to him surprised, "Scarlett… prepare yourself." The warning struck her heart when he released her. That was when Buck arrived on a very tired horse. "Scarlett!" She ignored him and rushed through the doors and into the living room where there were some of her father's workers. All faithful people who worked on the ranch for many years and loved them like family. Rosa, her middle-aged maid rose from the couch, teary eyed, "Oh Scarlett." Scarlett ignored their sentiment and sprinted up the stairs to the second level. Her Aunt Helen and Uncle John stood in the doorway of her father's master bedroom. They had their arms around each other, whilst Aunt Helen, her father's sister, cried onto Uncle John's shoulder. Uncle John gently moved his distraught wife out of the way to allow Scarlett through. Scarlett rushed in and came to an abrupt stop to the sight before her with her hair fly forward. Her heart felt like it was ripped from her and immediately grew pale. On the bed, there was her father Roy, covered in his own blood. Cuts and an open wound on stomach discharged fresh blood from his weakened and older body. Perspiration on his brow, eyes close tight and labored breaths thrust through his cracked parted lips. Next to him was Lily, Ted's wife and a retire nurse, who attempted to care for him. She looked over at Scarlett, surprised to find her there. "Scarlett!" She hesitated. "This is not a place to be." She whispered maternally, in hoped to shield the young girl from this tragedy. "Scarlett?" The voice came from Roy's bloodied mouth as he snapped open his eyes. It was raspy as he choked on his own blood. His eyes sought out hers. Scarlett came to the side of the bed, frightened and he reached out a shaky hand. "My dear… girl." "Dad..." Scarlett snatched his hand: filled with disbelief and swiftly sat on the edge of the bed, not caring if his blood touched her. Her eyes scanned over him as he tried to speak. Hysterically, she snapped at Lily. "What happened? Where is the ambulance? The paramedics… doctors? Anyone? Where are they?!" Lily's lips trembled as her face flushed with sorrow, "There was an accident with the bull. Your father tried to… to.." Scarlett swallowed hard as she tried to suppress her tears and attempted to be strong for her father's sake. It was no secret that her father did rodeo for additional money. The wound on his abdomen suggested that he was impaled by the bull's horn during his training. At this point, his organs were punctured and he was suffering from internal bleeding. At his age, death would swift for he neared six-five and endured a history of health problems. They lived too far away for the ambulance to reach them. By the time they did, her father would be…. No, angrily Scarlett shook her head of that thought, and turned to her uncle "Why haven't you taken him to town?" She shouted, her voice slowly rising with fear as she fought back the overwhelming emotions. "He is bleeding too much..." Lily answered, tears rolled down freely. "Your uncle and Ted barely got him here." Scarlett pursed her lip, hated that answer. She shook her head and swiftly stood. "No, there's still time." She spoke heavily, frantically urged the others to react. "Help me take him to the hospital." She turned and about to hoist her father over her shoulder when her Uncle John left his wife and swiftly snatched her into his arms, prevented her from any rash actions. "No, please… there's still time… There's time!" She shouted loudly and fought against her uncle's tight arms. Her uncle had to use all his strength to restrain his niece for she was oddly strong. She kicked, hit, and tired everything to be released until she got weary and sobbed into her uncle's shoulder. Abruptly felt weak, and want nothing more to fade in this moment. Uncle John spoke against her ear, "There is no more time. You need to face the truth." The brutal truth poured onto her and forced her to trembled when she heard her father call her name. Scarlett pulled away from her uncle and sat next to him again. As she tried to straighten, Scarlett wiped away the tears and attempted to be strong for her father's sake. "Dad…" "My girl… I love you." He choked, and Scarlett repressed a sob. It was a rare sentiment to confess his love for his only daughter. His breath became raspy as he struggled to breathe. The end neared, much to his fears. Roy faced his daughter again determined to say what's needed to be said, "I… I never told you this… I am proud of you. I'll tell your mother how much you've grown… and….and…" Roy struggled as Scarlett's vision began abruptly blurred and her tears escaped from the corner of her eyes. Widen eyed, Roy stared as his daughter, fought for his last breath and his tight hold on her hand slowly weakened. Scarlett shook her head, her heart constricted, "No… Don't go! Please." "...Thomas...Dougherty..." Roy struggled until his eyes went blank and darkened. Scarlett gasped, and fell in to shock. Every muscle in her body froze until slowly started to shake uncontrollably followed by a heart-wretched sob. Uncle John pulled her yet again to a tight embrace and listened silently to her cries. Her sensitive ears blocked out the wails of sorrows from the others and before long it was silent. Time stilled. Disbelief. Denial... they were her closest friends until Scarlett slowly pulled away and turned toward his father as Lily shakily covered his blooded body with a sheet. Aunt Helen came around and placed a comforting hand on Lily's shoulder. The truth was before her: Her father was dead. Now she stood in the world as a orphan, alone with her own twisted thoughts and with the burdens her father left behind. Scarlett recovered herself and inquired in a low voice, that was weak. "Who is Thomas Dougherty?" Her Uncle grew grim, unable to look at her