Welcome! A/N: This story was spun from boredom. It's a romance storyline. So if you're allergic to Legomance, then its best you leave now. I am a little nervous about this romance tale because I don't want to mess it up! There's no lemons but there will be lime! Its rated T. Nothing too graphic, I promise. I'll try to stay true to the characters. Overall I do hope you enjoy this story. Strange elvish names that no one can pronounce: Calaerien (Cal-air-ein), Romonil (Row-mon-il), Aeril (Air-il), Hinnoron (Hin-nor-on), Rivalel (Riv-al-el) Quick Notes - I've considered going complete elvish but I decided not to. There will be words such as Naneth, Arda, elleth, Elloth, Pin min... But nothing too crazy. -Legolas's birth: TA 240 - he'll be 2005 when the story starts. (If you don't know. Tolkien never stated Legolas's age). -Story will begin 600 years prior to the Hobbit. Events from the Hobbit (some movie details) will be in this story! -I have not decided if the events of LOTR will take place in this story. -Revised Disclaimer: I am not Tolkien. I do not own his books, or characters, or plots, ect..ect ..ect ... what a bummer... Summary: A young elleth resides in Mirkwood during dark times. Spiders infest the forest and orcs raid the lands unchecked. Safe behind the Elven King's Hall, Calaerien strives to make a name for herself while she harbors feelings for the Prince of Mirkwood. Secrets of a Raven Beauty Journey to Greenwood TA 2263 It was the first day of spring and the sun radiated warmth across Lothlorien. The elven city shimmered, and the beauty of nature bloomed with promise of another grand year. There were no trees like of those in Lothlorien. The leaves changed into a rich green, ladened with yellow flowers and the stems twisted up the trunks. The flowers released a sweet scent that elicited wildlife to wander freely through the forest, and occasionally welcomed the attention from the elves. The elves sang in unison as the forest echoed and then vibrated. Calaerien, a small elfling climbed up a tall tree until her favorite branch came into her reach. High up, close to the highest branch and almost reached the morning sky. Skillfully little Calaerien positioned herself against the body of the tree whilst the branch supported her tiny weight. Her small legs dangled freely and the wind tugged on the helm of her skirt. It was peaceful far up from the inhabitants of Lothlorien. The birds sang in gladness under the sun. Calaerien was but eighteen years which was equivalent to a five year old mortal child. She was small for an elfling with a head full of raven hair. She tangled her little fingers through her strands. Whenever she was troubled or confused, Calaerien escaped into the trees high above the talans and found peace. Soon that privilege would be gone for the time to journey to Greenwood would be soon upon them. Her father Romonil was an elf of the Woodland Realm and second in command to the Captain of the Guard. Fifty years ago, he came with a fleet of elves to Lothlorien on King Thranduil's behest. Upon greeting the Lady of the Light and Lord Celeborn, Romonil's eyes met another golden haired elleth who stood next to the Lady. Erweth. A humbled maid to Galadriel… Calaerien always begged her mother to share that memory which she was so fond of hearing over and over again. "I found him memorizing." Erweth would say to Calaerien, whilst she stroked her daughter's long raven hair, "He had the darkest hair I had ever seen and eyes as bright as the sea…. When our eyes met… I knew…" "You knew what?" Calaerien would inquire with a childlike voice and completely soaked into her parent's love story. Never mind that she knew the answer. Erweth would turned to Calaerien, eyes locked and with the softest voice, she answered, "That I lost my heart to this second in command of Greenwood." Romonil did not return to the Greenwood that year but remained in Lothlorien with leave from the King. During that autumn and under the golden leaves, their love flourished. Not long after, Erweth promised to be Romonil's bonded and would return to Greenwood in fifty years time. As the years past, Romonil remained at Erweth's side and took her as his mate. Soon after she bored him a daughter named Calaerien. A child of both Lothlorien and Greenwood. Light of the sea, that was the meaning of her name. Her mother often told Calaerien that when she first opened her eyes, her father instantly thought of the sea. For her eyes reminded him of the light that bounced off the waves. It gave him comfort for he ignored the call of the sea for many moons. Romonil feared that the sea calling would come sooner than he anticipated and wanted anxiously to return to the Woodland Realm. It troubled Calaerien for Romonil spoke fondly of Greenwood until she envisioned the trees, the Forest River and the wildlife. However there were rumors… It was now called Mirkwood by mortal men. Spiders infested the trees with large and twisted web ready to ensnare its victims. She had never seen a spider larger than her little hand. Should she look forward to the new land? Calaerien was a shy elfling and did not like strangers nor unfamiliar lands. Most Elves of Lorien thought she was a strange one. For elflings were often full of life, singing and dancing but Calaerien felt safest behind her mother's skirt or deep in the trees. Even when the Lady of the Light smiled down at her, Calaerien would blush and swiftly look away. Calaerien came out of her thoughts and sighed inwardly. She leaned further back onto the tree and gazed at the sky. Why must she be confused on this morn? Her father has been jubilant about returning to Greenwood whilst her mother had been despondent to leave Lothlorien. Two completely different emotions that left her bewildered. Lothlorien was her birth home and this was her favorite tree. She'll miss the golden leaves of autumn. "Calaerien!" A soft voice that carried the sound of wind chimes prickled her little ears followed by the climbing movements of another. Calaerien froze and hoped she would go unnoticed but her heart already jumped from surprise. "Not to answer is rude, little mouse." The voice came again. Rounded up from a lower branch came another elfling. However this elf was almost matured and reached the tender age of seventy one. A teenager to mortal's eyes. Her height towered over Calaerien by several feet but not quite reached her full potential. It was none other than her cousin, Tauriel. An elfling with auburn wavy hair and piercing green eyes. "There you are. I was wondering where you fled too." Tauriel murmured with a smile, her child-like voice almost faded into a deeper tone. She sat in front of Calaerien and her legs dangled on the side of the branch and her eyes twinkled with mirth. "You know better than to run off." "I… I wanted to farewell my favorite tree." Calaerien murmured innocently, bit her lip and dropped her eyes in worry. Whilst her parents made preparations, Calaerien was in Tauriel's care. Under her cousin's nose, Calaerien stole away through the little window and climbed up. Her aunt would not be pleased with her. Tauriel softly chuckled to her younger cousin's expression, and stoked her hair with tenderness for Calaerien always worried if she had done something wrong. A shy elfling that preferred trees and animals over socialization. "I understand little one, but to slip out like thief would surely earn more than frown from my mother." Calaerien hands tightened and never looked into her cousin's eyes. But when Tauriel chuckled again, Calaerien looked up curiously through her thick lashes. "Come now, little mouse. Do not be so down, lest you fall." Tauriel jested lightheartedly. Calaerien barely cracked a bashful smile and fidgeted with her tiny fingers. Tauriel tugged on a single strand before she ordered gently, "Come little one, say your goodbyes and let us return." Calaerien brushed her tiny fingers on the bark and made her farewell to her favorite tree. I shall miss you. And I you, my little mouse… Came a soft voice from the tree which forced a small smile on Calaerien's lips. When she finished, Tauriel took Calaerien's hands and gently lifted her up. Calaerien followed Tauriel until they reached the balcony of Tauriel's talan. Trepidation grew in Calaerien's heart and she swiftly grabbed Tauriel's hand when her Aunt Aeril came into view. A fiery auburn elleth who waited with her hands on her hips and her frown deepened when Calaerien was delivered before her. "Calaerien…" Her aunt scolded. "You ought to remain in this talan and not going into forest at a time like this." Calaerien bit her lip and dropped her eyes shamefully. A trembling voice came from the elfling, "I went to say farewell to my favorite tree, Aunt Aeril. Aeril's stern gaze softened with understanding and her arms fell limp to her sides. She replied gently, "Very well. I'll allow this one act of disobedient but no more. Understood?" Wagged a slender index finger at Calaerien. There was no room for argument. Calaerien nodded, "I am sorry, I will not disobey you again." Satisfied with the answer, Aeril turned away and returned to folding her unmentionables. Only few precious items were packed and readied for the journey. Calaerien released her cousin's hand and scurried to her Uncle Hinnoron. The intense elf stood by the balcony with his hands behind his back and overlooked his homeland with heavy eyes. Although he was aware of Calaerien's presence, he never broke his gaze. Calaerien stood next to him comfortably because no words were ever needed between them. Hinnoron reminded Calaerien of her mother for they shared the same golden shade of hair and eyes. What differed them were their characteristics that reflected in their demeanors. Erweth's loving and opened personality always shadowed the distance and watchful Hinnoron. Like a day and night as they were told by the Lady. Hinnoron bonded with Aeril many centuries prior to Romonil's arrival to Lothlorien. Their talans were parted by one tree because the twins refused to live far apart from one another. When the time came to journey to Greenwood, Aeril was all to eager to follow her family across the lands. Once they cross into King Thranduil's domain, they'll reside in their permanent home. Erweth stood alone on the balcony of her talan and listened to the songs in hope to free herself of despair. Tomorrow a small company of elves will depart from Lothlorien. This was her home, her birthplace and it almost broke her heart to part from it. She would not experience another spring here for many years. Erweth never once, in her long life, ever stepped outside this realm. It would be a different adventure. However, this was not what truly left her worried. A strange warning grew as the days past. Was it her fear of leaving? Erweth couldn't decide. She contemplated if she should seek out her Lady, but feared Galadriel's mirror for it showed many uncertain things. She was but a century old when she first looked into the mirror and it left her frightened. It never pleased her to know the future or remember the past. The present was a gift to her and so, she decided against it. Erweth sighed and turned away. Her long golden hair whipped behind her as she returned to her vacated home. Despondent crept up for her home was emptied of their belongings which would be transported to the Woodland Realm. She served her last day as Galadriel's personal maid yesterday morning. It grieved her to leave her Lady soon, and into the hands of another. For many centuries, she