This is a story request from Peetato1989. It was a request for a Hermes x Percy story. I've actually always wanted to try writing one of that pairing so here we are. ***Note*** the only thing in this story that won't be cannon is that Percabeth never happened. Why? Because if you have read any of my other stories you'll know that I feel obligated to write realistic break ups between the two and this is only going to be a short story. Hope you enjoy! :-) Disclaimer- I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or the Heroes of Olympus series. (One can dream though) All rights go to the proper parties. ΩΩΩ Percy POV I always thought that my life was highly unusual. I mean, how many people can say that they are the children of an Olympian god? Even fewer can say that they've helped save the world twice before they even graduated from high school. One day you're helping to defeat the giants and Gaia, the next your mom tells you it's time to go back to school shopping. I was currently sprawled out on my bed while my best friend, Annabeth, sat in my computer chair. "She's just worried about you Percy. You only just got home. We were all pretty freaked when you were abducted. Hera..." I groaned and covered my face with a pillow. "Can't anyone let me forget that? It was one time! Just because one god kidnaps you doesn't mean that it's going to happen again. I mean, you were captured on the orders of a Titan, that doesn't mean that every one of them is going to do it." Now don't get me wrong, I love my mom. She is the best person in the entire world. Yet ever since I came home from Greece, she seems extra protective. Like she is worried some god is going to kidnap me... again. The daughter of Athena shook her head in amusement. "I don't even get what you're so upset about. So your mom wants to take you shopping to get your school supplies. What's wrong with that? You'll get to spend a whole day with her. We both know that you love spending time with Sally." "Ya but I'm seventeen! I'm more then capable of buying paper and pens without my mom. How many other people our age still go shopping with their parents?" Annabeth gave me a look that I couldn't decipher. "Percy, do you know how many people from camp would walk across hot coals to have what you have? To have a mom that loves you and would do anything for you?" I bite my lip in guilt. I hadn't really thought about that. "Besides, did it ever occur to you that maybe the reason she wants to go with you is that this will probably be the last year that she can? You're graduating this year. If we do what we've been talking about and move to New Rome next fall, she won't be able to." I frowned and glanced at her from under my pillow shield. "I guess I never thought about it that way." "She is probably just sad that her baby boy is growing up." I sighed and I sat up. I guess it wasn't that big of deal. Besides, I did love spending time with my mom. "I suppose you're right. Wisdoms daughter laughed. "Why do you sound surprised?" My response was to introduce my pillow to her face. ΩΩΩ It was actually a ton of fun. My mom and I made a whole day of it. Since Paul was at the school getting his office ready for the start of term, it was just the two of us. We did the school shopping first thing in the morning to get it out of the way before she took us to the aquarium that I had always loved as a kid. The downside to any place with an abundance of sea life was the fact that all of the fish were clamoring for my attention. I felt a little bad for everyone else who was there. When I introduced my mom to the three dolphins, I couldn't help but laugh at their responses. "This is your mother, child of Poseidon? She must be a wonderful lady indeed to have attracted the attention of our lord." "Only one of great character could have given birth to a hero such as yourself." "I must concur with my brethren my lord. I am sure that she must be considered a great beauty among your people... even if she does have such a small nose." We ended up having to leave before the dolphin show started. They were ignoring their trainers and only focusing on showing off for us. The best part of the day though was when we made a stop at a candy store on the way home. We both left with a big bag of different types of blue candy. I couldn't remember the last time that I had spent such a wonderful day with my mom. By the time we got home, my mom insisted that I head to bed since I had to be up for my first day of school tomorrow and we both knew that I wasn't a morning person. All in all, it was a pretty amazing way to end a stressful but exciting summer vacation. ΩΩΩ School was surprisingly pleasant. I hadn't realized just how much I had missed it. Don't get me wrong, there were tons of things that I hadn't missed. Like having to struggle with my dyslexia read the small print in my textbooks, trying to sit still for hours on end while my math teacher went on and on about something to do with triangles... Honestly, they are three sided. How much else are you really going to need to know in the real world? And of course the ever present, over whelming, press of bodies while trying to make your way to your locker to get your books for your next class. Yet I really didn't seem to mind it. After spending more than half a year wandering around fighting monsters while I didn't even know who I was, trying to stop the two camps from killing each other, fighting my way through Tartarus, helping to stop the end of the world... let's just say, school was a surprisingly nice break. I couldn't help but think how nice it was to deal with normal mortal problems for a while and not have to worry about Greek gods and mythical monsters. That was, at least, until my last class of the day... ΩΩΩ I had been getting a weird feeling of anxiety for the last half of the day. It wasn't the feeling I got just before a monster attacked me but still a strange feeling, like something was about to happen. I decided to simply brush it off. The feeling was getting more pronounced as I changed into my gym clothes and headed out to join my classmates. I found myself looking over my shoulder repeatedly as we waited for our teacher. My classmates were beginning to give me strange looks but I didn't care. Something was about to happen and I wouldn't be able to relax until it did. When the instructor walked through the door my heart stopped. I saw a flash of blue eyes and short sandy blond hair. I stiffened and my hand instantly went to my pocket where my trusty pen riptide was. I heard the teacher chuckle at my actions and I froze. That was not the laugh I had been expecting. Upon closer inspection, I realized that he didn't have a scar on his cheek. What's more was that his eyes, though mischievous, held more of a playful hint then the demented look I had come to expect from Luke. He may have born a shocking resemblance to my first crush, but it was not him. However he did look strangely familiar... Once he met my gaze, I felt a jolt of recognition and my jaw dropped. He simply winked at me before turning his attention to the rest of the class. "Hello. My name is Hermes and I am the new gym instructor this semester." It took me a few moments to remember to close my mouth. My jaw snapped shut and I looked around in embarrassment only to find that I wasn't the only one who was staring slack-jawed at our teacher. Most of the girls in the class and at least a few boys were also doing it, though I was fairly certain that it was for a different reason. I could easily see why so many were staring though. He looked to be in his late twenties. He had outdoorsy good looks, a slight tan, and eyes so blue they made the sky jealous. Not to mention the way that his t-shirt hugged his surprisingly muscular chest. Let's just say there was a reason for the expression, 'body of a Greek god'... Hermes seemed to be extremely pleased by the class's reaction to him. He met my gaze once again and raised an eyebrow. I couldn't help but laugh. My laughter seemed to shake my fellow students out of their daze. One of the girls who had literally been drooling over him stepped forward with her hand raised. Hermes motioned for her to speak and she bit her lip in what was obviously supposed to be an enticing manner. It was all I could do not to laugh. Judging by the way his eyes crinkled, Hermes felt the same. "You said your name is Hermes? Like that messenger guy from Roman mythology?" Her attempt to look smart failed with her confusion of myths. "Actually, the Roman's called the god of messengers Mercury. The Greeks were the ones who called him Hermes." I hadn't even realized that I had spoken my thoughts until the class turned to look at me. I coughed slightly and looked away from their gazes. The god of messengers look highly amused. "Percy is correct but yes, exactly like the Greek god of messengers. Anyway, that's enough about me. Why don't we start with 20 minutes of laps?" Everyone groaned but they started to run anyway. After everyone else left I went over to the god of thieves. "Why are you here?" Hermes raised one brow, "Really? Is that anyway to talk to a god?" I blushed, "Sorry. I just meant, what are you doing? Is everything okay?" A thought hit me and I grimaced, "PLEASE tell me there is not another prophecy." The god of travellers just laughed, "No, fresh out of prophecies sorry. Besides, what makes you think I'm here for you? Couldn't I just be living a lifelong dream of being a high school gym teacher?" I gave him a disbelieving look and he rolled his eyes. "Okay, so no one dreams of being a high school gym teacher. Either way, I still didn't say I was here for you." I felt my eyebrows pull together. "So if you didn't come here to get my help, then why are you here?" He laughed once more, "Careful of that ego Percy. No one likes a narcissist." I opened my mouth to argue before he rolled his eyes, "Just go run already." I was still a little wary about him being there but I nodded and turned around to start running. It was only after class had ended that I realized he never did answer my question. ΩΩΩ I have to admit, of all the strange things I've done, having my gym class taught by a Greek god was still near the top of that list. It had been almost a two months but I still had no idea as to why he was there. Every time I would try to ask him he would smoothly change