I do not own Harry Potter, Marvel comics or DC comics. This is not a full crossover but some people will get powers from Marvel and DC comics. This is also a female Harry story if you do not like it then don't read anymore of the story. I will just laugh and report those that flame or hassle me about Harry being a girl. With that said please read on and try to leave me a nice review. "Thank you for allowing me to bring my dog," I said as I got out of the cab. The driver said it was no problem but I gave him double what I would normally tip. I also got a card to call him for my return trip as none of the other drivers wanted a pup in their car. I knocked softly as I did not want to wake Dudley. "Marge what are you doing here?" Petunia asked as she opened the door. "I sent a letter saying I was coming and why," I told her with a frown. "We never got it; no matter why are you here?" she all but snapped at me. "I won a trip a few weeks ago but cannot go; but you and Vernon should love it," I told her. She sighed before telling me about the death of her sister and how they had been given her brat. "Watching one more child won't be a hardship; now go pack while I call Vernon for you. But first I would like you to meet Luke," I said, holding out the pup I had brought. "Marge why did you bring that thing!" she yelled, then glaring at me when the crying started. "You know I train dogs. Part of it is getting them used to children of all ages. I will watch him around the children but right now I am going to drop him off in your back yard. And don't worry I will clean up the messes he makes," I told her as I went to do that; I had to make sure the yard was safe after all. The yard wasn't perfect but I did tie Luke up to keep him out of Petunia's flowers. That woman went a little nuts over those flowers. I closed and locked the cupboard as I dialed Vernon at work. "Hello, Vernon Dursley speaking how may I help you?" he asked. "You can take your wife on a trip this weekend brother," I said, laughing a little as he sputtered. "Marge we can't, we had to take in…" "I know, Petunia told me. I can handle them both. You just be ready to leave when you get here," I told him before hanging up. If I gave the man a chance he would talk me out of staying and I knew they had not had time alone for some time. The day passed quickly and I took care of Luke as Petunia would not let me near the children. She even tried to take Dudley with her but thankfully Vernon put his foot down. So an hour after Vernon got home they both left me alone with two toddlers and a pup. It took ten minutes for the crying to start; I hadn't even had time to shut the door from letting Luke in. "Well pup, let's go see to the kiddos," I said only to be licked in answer. I found them both in one crib and I made a mental note to ask my neighbor if I could buy her old crib. It might have been practical but they really did need to sleep alone. I checked Dudley's nappy but he was clean and Petunia had fed him before she left so he couldn't be hungry. I left him to cry. Amy had told me sometimes you had to let a child cry. I moved on to check Harry who was staring at Luke. "P'foot," he said while trying to reach out to him. The Potters must have had a dog. Hopefully it was being taken care of. I picked him up to check as Amy had told me some children did not cry when in need of a nappy change. I blinked at the sight that greeted me once the nappy was opened. The kid had a very nasty rash but wasn't a boy as I had been told, but a little girl. As she was once more reaching for Luke I picked the still crying Dudley up and headed down the stairs. Thankfully Luke was good at going first. I put Dudley in his high chair and poured a few bites of cereal out for him before placing the girl on the floor; she wasted no time crawling over to Luke whom she patted quite gently. I was sure then the Potters had to have had a dog. Maybe I could find it for her; Petunia surely wouldn't object to a family pet. Dinner that night was a mess and Luke helped with the clean up, even tried to clean Dudley up from where I had sat him in the floor. But the girl had firmly told him no when I was feeding her. Why Vernon hadn't got another chair yet was beyond me. Maybe he did not realize how hard it was on his wife. I had just placed the dishes in to soak when the bell rang. "Just a second," I yelled. I picked both children up and placed them on the blanket I had spread out for them to play on before going to the door. "How may I help you?" I asked as I opened the door. I was shocked to see two police officers on the steps. "Are you Marge Dursley?" the gentleman with the name tag of Mark asked. "Yes sir I am, is something wrong?" I was worried, had something happened to my brother and his wife or were they here about the Potters. If I remembered correctly they had been killed in a car crash. "We need you to come with us; your brother and sister-in-law have been in a bad crash," he told me. I jumped when I felt a cold nose. "We will drive you; just lock up the house and come along," his partner said. "Would you be able to drive their other car? It has the car seats," I said. "Miss Dursley part of our job is removing children from unfit homes so our car has a seat already in place. If you would get your nephew and come along…" the officer said. I wanted to snap at him for his rudeness but he was just doing his job. I was quick to tie Luke out back and grab the baby bag by the door before taking the kids in arms and marching out the door. "We did not realize the Dursleys had another child," Mark said. "They just took their niece in, her parents passed on just last week," I said. The wince from the officers told me one of Dudley's parents was dead or dying. "You only have one seat?" I asked. They nodded. I locked the door and tossed the keys to Mark telling him he could get one out of the car in the drive. He came back and did not look pleased. "There was only one seat," I said flatly. He nodded as he quickly buckled the seat in his car. He sat between them while I took the front seat and his partner drove. "Is there anything you can tell me? They haven't been gone long, just three hours at the most," I said. "Your brother's car crossed into oncoming traffic and hit a lorry almost head on. Your sister-in-law died at the scene and the paramedics do not think your brother will live. No one else was hurt thankfully," the driver told me. "Alex! I am sorry Miss, we have the harshest job at times," Mark said while glaring at his partner. "It's fine, we all have bad days," I said. I would have a talk with Mark and if it was a bad day then I would not report this young man. "I am sorry but I was first on the scene and that woman... You should have heard what she said, I could tell she knew she was going to die but what were her last words? Have Marge drown the freak!" He yelled making the kids cry. Why they hadn't before now was beyond me. "What?" I asked. The man only nodded at me. "I am sorry you heard her say that. But I have never drowned anyone person or animal in my lifetime. I have a feeling I am going to take care of these two from now on out," I said as we pulled into the hospital. I was right, my little brother had died shortly before we arrived. It was very late by the time we were returned to the house. I put the children to bed and brought in Luke before calling my neighbor. "What is the matter?" he asked without a greeting as no one would call him without reason. The last boy to prank call him he had tracked down and given him a talking to. "Oh Major, Vernon and his wife are dead!" I said, trying not to cry. I needed to be strong for the children. Logically I knew they did not understand what had happened. "Oh Mags I will be there as quick as I can," he said. I thanked him before heading up to bed. True to his word he was waiting on me when I opened the door in the morning. "Did you sleep in your car?" I asked. He blushed and I told him he was a silly man before stepping aside and letting him in. It took three weeks to get everything that was needed done. We would have finished sooner if not for the nosy neighbors taking up time with false concern and enquiries. Most of Vernon's and Petunia's things I would place in storage. I did not like the fact I had to go out and buy almost everything for Harriet. I had been thankful to find a card announcing her birth among some of Petunia's things. "I am going to have so much work to do when I get home," I said as the major drove." We had sold Petunia's little car as I had a van at home. "Not so much, your home is already puppy safe," he said. "Puppies cannot walk on two feet which I think these two will soon be doing more of. Harriet can already toddle and somewhat speak two maybe three languages. You said she said words in Welsh and Latin. Who speaks Latin nowadays?" I said. "I have a few cousins that went to a school up in Scotland who did," he said with his horrible fake scottish voice. "So did Harriet's parents; Petunia never told me the name but said it wasn't a very good one," I said. "If it is the same school then it is one of the best and by best I mean invite only, you do not apply they come to you," he said. There was more to this than what I knew. While packing we had found out why there was only one crib; they had been keeping her under the stairs. I did not wish to think ill of the dead but anyone who kept a child locked up in a cupboard should not be allowed to have children. It was dark by the time we reached my house. "Who is in my home?" I asked. "Most likely Amy, John and Cassie. I called and told them what had happened. They said they would get your house all ready for you. Didn't you think it was odd the movers came a day early?" he asked. "I just thought I had given