Cataclysm It was seven o'clock in the morning when I finally decided that I wasn't going to get any real sleep. I rolled off my bed, tiptoed into the kitchen, and began to make myself a pot of tea. I immersed myself in the ritual, emptying and rinsing the kettle before filling it with fresh water and setting it to boil. Taking my mug from the tree, I found my strainer in the drawer and carefully set it in the mug. As the kettle began its first hiss, I looked along the line of caddies. Definitely not the Himalayan Darjeeling, nor the Lapsang Souchong; I hesitated over the Ceylon Orange Pekoe, but I finally went for the Classic Earl Grey. I carefully placed the caddy next to my teapot, the traditional Brown Betty which Mum had bought for me when I'd left home. I lifted the teapot lid and, to my horror, I discovered that there was stale tea in it. After sniffing at it cautiously, and wrinkling my nose in disgust, I upended the pot over the sink. A couple of cheap supermarket own-brand teabags dropped out. From the state of them, they'd been there for weeks. Teabags! There were teabags in my teapot. Vicki couldn't have done it. She wouldn't dare. I'd made that abundantly clear to her on the one and only occasion she'd used my pot. She would never again presume to put teabags in my teapot, I was certain of it. It could only have been Simon. I remembered the morning I'd left for home, three weeks earlier. The night before I'd caught the bus home, he'd stayed over, and that morning he'd made me breakfast in bed. He'd made me tea and toast. I'd been so surprised that he'd done something so ordinary for me that I hadn't complained about the tea or the bland white bread. He'd brought the stuff with him, he'd told me proudly. He'd been shopping. "Tea is tea," he'd told me, when I'd asked him what sort of tea it was. When I pointed out that I had four caddies of loose tea, he'd shrugged dismissively. "Teabags are so easy, Anna, none of the mess of the loose stuff." None of the taste, either, I'd thought to myself, but I hadn't complained at the time because he'd never, ever made me breakfast in bed before. Tea bags and white bread; I should have realised. The useless, nasty, evil bastard! I added despoiling my teapot to his list of crimes. Why hadn't I spotted the signs? My boyfriend—no, my ex-boyfriend—drank rubbish tea! I filled the teapot with boiling water, swished it around, and tipped it down the sink. I then repeated the process twice more and sniffed the pot, making certain that there were no remnants of the horrible cheap tea in the pot. Satisfied, I added a generous measure of leaves, poured in the water, waited three minutes, and poured. As I sipped the Earl Grey, I placed my tablet on the kitchen table, propped it up, and flicked it on to the BBC Breakfast News. I watched the world's troubles and tried to persuade myself that lots of people were worse off than me. It was true, they were; but it didn't make me feel any better. My problem, I realised, was that I still had feelings for him. I couldn't figure out why. At nine o'clock, my flatmate, Vicki, peered cautiously into the kitchen. When she saw that I wasn't crying, she decided to try to cheer me up with her usual ridiculous platitudes. I like Vicki, I really do; I wouldn't be sharing a flat with her if I didn't. She's kind and clever, but sometimes she drives me crazy. And she's completely bloody useless in a crisis. She began with, 'How are you feeling?' before moving on to, 'It could be worse.' Things went downhill from there. Unable to cope with Vicki's determined cheerfulness, I used Mum as an excuse to escape into my bedroom. I took my tablet with me, stood it upright, and made the call home. Mum answered almost immediately, and she instantly registered the red rims around my eyes. 'Hello, Anna,' she began. 'Hi, Mum. I got back safely last night,' I said, trying not to burst into tears. 'Sorry, I didn't get in touch to let you know.' Mum turned away from the screen and said, 'Out, Mike.' 'But…' I heard Dad begin. Mum shook her head and stared at my dad with an expression I could read even though I could see little more than the back of her head. Our daughter needs her mother , the look said. She silently shooed Dad away. He was out of the webcam's field of vision, but in my mind's eye, I saw him shrugging worriedly, and ambling out of the living room. 'What's wrong, Annabel?' Mum asked cautiously. She'd used my Sunday name, another indication that she recognised that this was serious. I opened my mouth and the story of my return—a day earlier than I'd told Simon—and of my deciding to surprise my boyfriend came gushing out. The tear-filled tale of Simon's infidelity was much edited, but I knew that Mum was capable of reading between the lines; she would easily fill in the gaps. 'I don't know what to do,' I admitted. 'I know how difficult it is when you fall out with your boyfriend, Anna. I still remember when Joe and I split up…' Joe, I thought, who the hell is Joe? I couldn't imagine Mum ever having been with someone other than Dad. '…it was hard for me; I was unhappy for a few weeks, and I blamed myself. But it didn't take long for me to realise that I was better off out of it. You've found out the hard way that you can't trust Simon. If you can't trust him once, then you will never be able to trust him again. Things have changed between you, and you've got to accept that. A clean break is the best thing for you to do.' 'But Simon…' I began. Mum sighed. 'I probably shouldn't tell you this, Anna, but I never liked him. He always seemed a bit up himself.' 'If you ever bring him back here, he'll be in trouble anyway,' Dad shouted from somewhere off screen. I should have realised that, despite being shooed from the room, he'd be hovering in the doorway, listening. Mum shushed him, motioned him away, and shook her head. 'I think I'm still in love with him,' I said quietly. 'Ah,' Mum said. She stared thoughtfully at me, and I watched as she gathered her thoughts. It was several seconds before she continued. 'Here's what I think, and please don't get upset with me. It's possible that you are, but perhaps you're simply in love with the idea of being in love with him,' Mum told me. 'You've invested a lot of time and effort in your relationship with Simon, and one of the things you hate most in the world, Anna, is discovering that you've wasted your effort.' I stared at her, shocked. 'It's true, Anna. You know it is.' As I thought about it, I realised that she was right. 'We can advise, but we can't interfere, darling. You're in Sheffield, and we're almost two hundred miles away. You can come back home, if you want to…' 'I'm not going to run away!' I said. Mum smiled. 'That's my girl. Do what you think is best. Just remember, we're always here for you, and we'll respect your decision, no matter what it is.' I heard a grumble somewhere in the distance. 'We will, won't we, Mike?' she said firmly. 'I suppose…' I heard Dad say grudgingly. Eventually, Mum managed to change the subject, and got me talking about my coursework. By the time we finally said goodbye, I was feeling a lot better. While I'd been talking to Mum, I'd heard the doorbell, and I'd heard Vicki answer. When I re-entered the lounge, there was a massive bouquet of flowers waiting for me. 'Special delivery,' said Vicki excitedly, her voice tinged with jealousy. 'The woman from the florists said that it was the biggest bouquet anyone has ever ordered from her.' I stared at the flowers and the message attached to them, and immediately wondered if I should reconsider my decision. Despite Mum's advice, should I give him a second chance? "I love you. Please forgive me, Simon", the card declared. There was a restaurant invitation attached to the flowers, too. Simon was offering to take me to a very expensive restaurant in Peak District. Vicki was no help, at least not at first. I stared at the flowers; it appeared that Simon had sent me the entire contents of a florist's shop, wrapped in a big purple bow. 'You and Simon have been a bit up and down for a while, Anna. But you're really well suited, and I'm sure that you could still make a go of it with him,' Vicki said earnestly. 'I suppose so…' I began uncertainly. Then she told me. 'And, after all, it isn't the first time…' Vicki added. Her tone was caring and consoling. Although my mind was still in turmoil, the meaning of her final sentence was the killing blow, the fatal dagger strike to my heart. My uncertainty was elbowed out of the way by my anger. 'Wait… what?' I said. 'It isn't the first time? What the fuck do you mean, it isn't the first time?' Vicki's mouth opened and closed like a feeding goldfish, and with no more sound. I watched as she tried to decide what to say next. 'The truth, Vicki,' I ordered sharply. 'When he went to Kos with Pete and Matt at Easter, they … met … some girls,' said Vicki, blurting out another awful truth in her panic. 'Matt told me in confidence. He made me promise not to tell anyone.' She looked fearfully into my face. Vicki keeps her promises. I'd always thought that was her great strength. 'I thought you knew, Anna. I thought he'd told you. They met three girls while they were there.' I shook my head in despair. I was trying to forget, and I'd been succeeding, but her words forced the events of previous evening back into my mind. I'd caught the tram from Meadowhall and lugged my holdall and rucksack up the hill to Simon's house. I could have phoned and asked him to collect me, but I hadn't. I'd wanted to surprise him. And I'd surprised him all right. He was on the sofa in his living room, trousers around his ankles, and she was underneath him. At first, I was incapable of registering what I was seeing. Embarrassed, I'd even said, 'Oops, sorry,' before my shocked brain realised exactly what I was witnessing. The girl had been embarrassed, too. She couldn't look at me. It seemed like forever, but it was probably only a fraction of a second before the reality of the situation hit, and I exploded. I screamed, swore, and broke down and cried, all at the same time. When Simon stopped repeating 'Sorry,' over and over again, and instead tried: 'You should have phoned instead of just turning up unannounced.' I picked up an almost empty bottle of wine from the table and threw it at him. Fortunately, it missed him and hit the wall. The worst part was that I couldn't get the image of him shagging her out of my head. 'I didn't know, Vicki. But I do now! I will fucking kill him,' I said, seething. 'I hate him. He's a fucking stuck-up, self absorbed, two-timing, arrogant fucking ponce!' And I'll still see him in lectures every day , I realised. 'A lot of the other girls think that he's good-looking, and he's very well off,' Vicki reminded me. 'Yes, he's … made a mistake, but he