It was a dark night in front of Wool's Orphanage, not a single street lamp was lit and the moon was hidden by clouds. A figure was smoking and staring at the orphanage and contemplating what he was going to do. Putting down the cigarette and stomping on it the figure let out a low sigh before throwing a cloak over his shoulders and vanishing from sight. Unbeknownst to anyone who could have been watching the figure began making his way towards the orphanage, the only sign of his passing was the door gently opening and closing with nary a sound. The figure pulled what appeared to be a polished stick from his pocket and muttered a strange phrase under his breath before the stick gently spun in a circle before pointing in a specific direction. The figure slowly made his way towards a cabinet and opened it before rifling through it to find the 'R's. Finding the file he was looking for the figure scanned it before putting it back. Turning he made his way towards the stairs and began to climb them. Finding the door he was looking for, the figure stopped and waved the stick in his hand at himself and the door before proceeding to open the door. When the figure was finally in the room he stalked towards the bed before waving his stick and sitting down in the chair that had materialized and taking his cloak off. With an almost negligent wave the figure gave a muttered, "Stupefy" and the child on the bed relaxed even more and fell into a deeper sleep. With the cloak no longer obscuring the figures features one could make out his face at last. He had somewhat shaggy messy black hair, and vibrant emerald colored eyes. He also had a faded scar on the right side of his head. He set his wand, for that is what it was, down and leaned forward to stare at the child on the bed. He gave a sigh as he rubbed his hands over his face. He finally leveled his gaze completely on the slumbering form and gave a somewhat sardonic grin. "What am I going to do with you, Tom?" Harry Potter muttered. Harry Potter had never had the easiest life, his parents being murdered before he could form a coherent sentence and the less said about his life growing up with his estranged relatives, the better. He finally found out why his relatives hated him at age eleven and proceeded to enter a secret society of magical humans. The following seven years would give the previous eleven a run for their money in sheer horridness. The only saving grace were the facts that he had been able to learn magic at a prestigious academy like his parents had and the friends he made while there. The happy memories soon stopped as the Dark Lord that had murdered his parents gained a body and decided to restart his campaign of terror against wizarding Britain. Harry had then stood and led a counter-offensive against the Dark Lord and won, however his victory was extremely bittersweet as it had come at a steep price for all who had fought, those on the side of light and those not. Harry had lost all of his closest friends and even someone he had started growing feelings for. As a result Harry had shut out everyone who had tried to get to know him after the war and began to dedicate himself to learning everything he could about magic. At the age of twenty-seven Harry had found something that had given him hope anew. A spell with which he could travel through time much farther than the single day that time turners could. After finding this ritual Harry began preparing everything he could to take a one way trip into the past to kill Voldemort before he gained anyway power. He then went to the goblins, liquidated all his assets and then took all his liquid assets out of the bank. He then proceeded to pack all his things into three trunks which he shrunk to the size of charms which he then put on a necklace to wear. After getting himself a nice vintage style suit so that he wouldn't look out of place in the past and said his farewells to the world he knew and prayed that he would be able to give a different Harry Potter a better life. However Harry had overshot the time he had meant to reach and now found himself with a conundrum as he stared at the, at a guess, eight year old face of his nemesis. While Harry knew Tom would grow to become a Dark Lord that terrorized his home, that man wasn't this boy. This boy hadn't done anything evil yet, even the boy who had killed pets and terrified his fellow orphans wasn't this boy yet. "Dammit," Harry muttered with a shake of his head. "Why couldn't you have been older? Even before you went evil you're still causing me problems." With a sigh Harry reached out and grabbed his wand and stood, vanishing his chair and putting his cloak back on in the same movement. He then pointed his wand at Tom and the tip began to glow a sinister green, casting an ominous visage across Tom's face. Harry's wand began to tremble before he took a steadying breath and recentered his wand. "This is for the best," he said to himself, trying to convince himself that this was the correct choice. "You're going to grow into a monster. I've no other choice." After a period of silence Harry let loose yet another sigh and lowered his wand. He grit his teeth and began to berate himself mentally. Here he was with the opportunity to prevent all the pain and suffering he and his friends had had to go through and yet he was hesitating. This child before him was going to do horrible things, kill countless people either himself or through proxy and tear families apart, so why was he hesitating? "I'm so sorry, everyone, I've failed you again." Harry was about to apparate away and live the rest of his life as a hermit for failing in his self-appointed mission when a thought struck him. At first Harry shot it down but the more he thought of it the more it appealed to him. "Oh, this is going to be good." Harry threw a grin at the sleeping child. "Get ready Tommy-boy I'm going to turn history on it's head and you, my friend, are going to help me." With that Harry vanished from the room with no one the wiser of his presence. Tom Riddle was not by any definition a normal child. While he was orphaned at birth like a great many of his peers his parents, or at least his mother, had been vastly different to those living with him now. You see Tom's mother had been a squib someone who had been born to magical parents, but didn't have the capability to wield magic themselves. Tom, however, didn't know this. All Tom knew was that he had special abilities and it allowed him to protect himself. Tom had a problem with bullies at the orphanage, those kids who would trap him in cupboards and the like when couples came over to adopt children. Tom retaliated with his abilities and the cycle continued. Recently though Tom had been mulling the idea of becoming more proactive with his tormentors in his mind. While he preferred to stay in the shadows and observe others, if he had to use his powers to assert his dominance over the other children, so be it. There would be no sleepless nights for Tom if he did go that route. However things Tom preferred to think about were different ways to test and grow his abilities. He had looked far and wide (or as far and wide as an eight year old boy can) for any others who seemed to exhibit powers like Tom's but he had been unlucky in that department, leading him to one of two conclusions. Either Tom was the only one with his capabilities or they were extremely well hidden outside of the abilities of a child to find. So putting his search off for when he was older Tom began to explore his powers to find out any limits he had, if he had any limits that was. What he found was a rather eclectic power base. He figured out that he could levitate things, ranging from a tiny pebble to a rock the size of his head. He could use his abilities to scare others into leaving him alone (an ability he relished using against those who tormented him) as well as influence other emotions as well, such as happiness and anger. He could create a ball of light and could make himself slightly stronger. His weirdest power, though, was his ability to talk to and understand snakes. They mostly referred to him as 'speaker' or 'human', even after he had introduced himself, which was irritating but he could put up with it as it gave him something that he cherished, friends. The downside to being able to talk to snakes was getting caught which he was. When the Matron was informed of this peculiarity she sent Tom off to speak with a doctor who he managed to convince that he wasn't crazy and was just lonely. Tom took it as practice to see how well he could influence others with his powers. It had gone swimmingly, in Tom's humble opinion. Soon after Tom began to surround himself with other children to provide himself with a barrier of sorts between himself and his tormentors. They also provided him the means with which he convinced the Matron and other workers that he was no longer lonely (something that was untrue, but that Tom refused to even acknowledge, believing it a weakness). As Tom came back to himself after drifting down memory lane he heard a somewhat timid knock at his door. He turned and glanced at it before looking out his window to appear uninterested in whoever came in. "Come in." He called. "Hello, Tom," a young boy named John said as he crept into the room. "What is it?'" Tom asked with nary a glance at the boy, telling him without words that Tom was not interested in anything he had to say. The boy gulped and took a few steps toward Tom before he began to speak again. "It's the Matron, she said that someone's coming over to adopt someone." "So? What does this have to do with me?" "She said that she wants everyone to prepare themselves for the visitor. She mentioned you by name, Tom." This was new Usually the Matron left him to his own devices, the only notable change to this standard was when she sent him to the doctor to make sure he had no mental illnesses. Since this was the first time she had mentioned him by name, that meant that she thought this person was likely to adopt him. Well, Tom wouldn't have that, he had just gotten into a routine with his little empire (as he affectionately called it) at the orphanage and he wouldn't let anyone ruin it for him. Still if the Matron had mentioned him by name that meant she was serious about him presenting himself and it was better to keep her happy for now, at least until he gained more power. "Very well, go tell her I will prepare for our visitor." Tom said with a disinterested wave of his hand. John left without a word to do as Tom had instructed. Tom stood and walked over to his wardrobe and opened it revealing his current collection of outfits. As Tom was pulling out his best outfit he glimpsed a small box