Guilt Storm Chapter One Translations at bottom Please read lightening Bolt before reading this. I really hate to be dramatic, but there are times when it's necessary. Like when I say I'm dying from guilt I really mean it. A prank call is what brought me to this point of self loathing misery and no amount of watching True blood with Charlotte will fix this. No amount of distraction can take my mind off the fact that I might have ruined someone's life. The video was everywhere, vines, blogs and I even saw snap-shots of it on tee-shirts. The once feared Volturi leader is now known as 'crazy singing naked guy'. I felt terrible, what if it was me? I know I would be really depressed. "Pansy get your death eating ass down here" Char called pulling me from my semi-depressing thoughts. Char had started calling me Pansy ever since we went to go see harry potter, it was really starting to get on my last nerve. I groggily walked down the stairs and into the sitting room; there was a plateful of food and a glass of what looked to be apple juice. It wasn't that it didn't look good, in fact it looked down right delicious but I wasn't hungry. "Did I mess it up again?" Char asked startling me. "Uh no… I'm just not hungry" "Alex you said the same thing last night" "I'm. I'm just not hungry ok!" "Ok. Ok retract the fangs bitch" I felt worst knowing I was hurting the only person, human or not who I felt would always be there for me. "I'm sorry Char it's just I'm on edge right now." "You to?" "What's wrong with you?" "Shit that's what I forgot to tell you; do you remember Jaspers fucked up Bambi sucking ex-family?" How could I forget them? They ruined my first life. Instead of saying that I simply nodded. "Well their coming to stay here for a while" "WHAT!" I yelled "THERE IS NO WAY IN FUCKING HELL I'M ROOMING UP WITH THOSE FUCKING FAIRIES" "Trust me Alex I'm not too pleased about it either but they need protection" "From what? Did the Deer's in their area plan a revolt?" Char let out a loud giggle that reminded me of wind chimes in the fall. "Sadly it's not even that funny; the Volturi attacked them and burned down their home" I couldn't help but be worried even though they left me I still cared about Carlisle and my Emmy-Bear. "Anyone get hurt?" "Only the Denali slut, Jas said half her face was burnt off" "Won't she heal?" "There's nothing to heal, that's the problem with fire once it burns us the flesh there is gone, ash, dust, nothing but a black hole" "So she's permanently marred?" "Yep, that gives two-faced bitch a whole new meaning" I couldn't help the laughs that poured out of my throat at her words. We were laughing so hard that we didn't notice someone had entered the room until the person cleared his throat. Automatically I looked up, but nothing would prepare me for what I saw. Edward fucking Cullen. Edward of course looked exactly the same at he did in the forest all those years ago. His tousled bronze hair untidy as always, his liquid gold eyes alluring, the only difference was the expression on his god-like face. Worry, anger, fear and a few others I didn't give a fuck enough to read. "Jasper has asked me to inform you of the family meeting that will take place in the guest house" "Tell Jas Alex and I are going to get dressed" Edward pinched the bridge of his nose and nodded. Char dragged me into my room and started digging through my closet and pulled out a very insane outfit. A black three button corset fit vest, pink leather Short-shorts and thigh high heeled leather boots. After I was dressed she began to torcher my face and hair. She gave me the 'bed head' hair look with heavy eye liner and dark red lip stain. To finish the outfit she handed me a pair of pink and black striped fingerless gloves. "My art piece is done" "I look like a stripper" Char giggled and slapped my ass. "And a damn well paid one, now go make my money bitch" "Oh fuck you bitch" "Sorry I don't go that way and I'm all out of singles" "What did you spend them on batteries for your v-" "Hey! You leave bill out of this" Chars false seriousness made me giggle. Char quickly got dressed and we headed over to the guest house where the 'family' was waiting for us. "Now we can start" Jasper announced "What the hell took you so long?" Peter asked "Well" I said dramatically "I guess it's time for me and Char to tell you Peter, Char and I are running off to Vegas to elope because I'm pregnant with her love child" "Baby?" Char asked going along with the joke "Why didn't you tell me you're pregnant" "Because I cheated on you with Peter pan and I didn't want to hurt you if the baby's not yours" "It's ok Lexi I will raise that baby as mine even if it grows up to be a …. Peter pan thing?" Finally char and I broke character and started to laugh. "You done now?" Jasper asked seriously. "Nope, Your dick sparkles" I stated "Now I'm done" "Good now we're here because the Volturi made an attempt at the lives of the Cullen coven for what reason I'm not sure, we are here today to find the most appropriate way to retaliate" Carlisle stood his face sad; it wasn't hard to tell that he didn't like fighting. "Jasper my son we Do know the Volturi's reason for attack they believe we had something to with the.. the.." Carlisle struggled to find the correct words for the video "Monstrosity of a video that was sent all over the world" I have always said that Gary has a bad timing meter in his head that makes him call me at the most awkward times. " I'm a shooting star leaping through the skies Like a tiger defying the laws of gravity I'm a racing car passing by like Lady Godiva I'm gonna go go go There's no stopping me" "Gary! Now is not a good time" I whispered into the phone knowing everyone could hear me anyway. "Wrong favorite person, Love" a familiar accented voice spoke. "James!" I couldn't help but yell a little, I fucking hate that slimy bastard. "The one and only how's my favorite little pop star?" "James I don't fucking like you you're a disgustingly thirsty asshole who doesn't like the word no, now go fuck yourself" I said this while hanging up. "Sorry about that" I said blushing. "Not a problem" Carlisle said "The Volturi have exterminated 7 covens they suspect may be behind the video and it won't be to long before they try again" It was my fault. It was all my fault. People...Well vampires died because of me. I could feel my heart drop to the bottom of my stomach as Carlisle tearfully spoke about his fallen friends. "All my fault "I said without trying "What?" Rosaline almost yelled. "IT'S ALL MY FUCKING FAULT" I screamed "How is it your fault?" "I fucking pranked him! I fucking called him and made him make the video" I heard and screech and what sounded like a car crash. "You fucking bitch I'll fucking kill you! Edward this Punta is the reason my beautiful face ruined" "I'm sorry" I whispered "Lexi can you please go out for a bit just until we can get Tanya calmed down" I nodded and headed to the main house. I threw most of my clothes into my suit cases and dragged them to my car. I turned my car on and pulled out of the drive way like a bat out of hell. I know Carlisle said to leave for a while but I was going to do more than that, I was going to right a major wrong, I was going to insure the Cullen's safety; I was going to turn myself in. I nearly jumped out of my still moving car when I got to the airport, I had to do this. No one else would die for my mistakes. Not like my father. It kills me every time I think about Charlie, the look of fear that will be permanently edged on his face. Victoria made sure that even in death he would get no peace. It's fault that the brother I never met would have no father and that was the one thing I could never forgive myself for. I shook my head roughly, that was Bella not ME. I am a strong independent woman who does not care about anyone but me. At least that's what I tell myself so that I can sleep at night. I ran at a steady pace to the ticket counter and slammed my hand on the bell. "How can I-"I interrupted the young woman with a request. "I need 1 ticket to Volterra, Italy" "You're in luck there is an empty plane going to there in 30 minutes" I threw my credit card at the woman. "I'm buying every open seat on the plane" "There's a hundred seats..." she trailed off like couldn't I afford it. "I know this, just put it on my card" I said as she handed me the tickets. I took off running, only stopping to flash my 'Pass Card' at security so I could pass through without stopping. I made it to my gate just in time for boarding. Finally on the plane I slumped in my seat. Much to my dismay my phone started ringing. " Mama, just killed a man Put a gun against his head Pulled my trigger, now he's dead Mama, life had just begun But now I've gone and thrown it all away Mama, ooo Didn't mean to make you cry If I'm not back again this time tomorrow Carry on, carry on, as if nothing really matters" "Someone better be dying" I said tiredly into my phone. "No one's dying, Lexi where are you? I've been looking for you for an hour, when are you coming home?" "Char I won't be coming home" "What? What the hell are you talking about?" "Char I can't let anyone else get hurt because of me" "What are you-"Char paused and let the gears turn in her head until it clicked "you're giving yourself to the Volturi! Damn it Alex you can't be that stupid" "Char I HAVE to do this, please understand that" "NO! Alex please you're my only friend, at least the only one I can trust; I was going to change you and keep you forever as my eternal sister" Char sobbed breaking my heart. "I love you, bitch" "I love you too, Fang banging Ho" I couldn't hold the sobs that poured from my chest at her words. "Mor, syster, dotter" Char said with a twister quote from true blood. "Mor, Syster, Dotter" I repeated. "You can't go! I won't let you Lexi I love you too much to let those freaks kill you" "Char" I said in voice I had never used while I was Alex, a voice full of love and sadness "Even if you could stop me why would you be so cruel? Why would you want me to live a life so full of guilt that I hate myself; do you really want my companionship so much that you would completely disregard what I want?" "Alex please don't do it" Char sobbed in a weak voice. "Please don't leave me" "Char I have hurt too many people, I can't allow this to go on anymore" I said trying to hide the pain in my voice. "We don't even