Disclaimer to JK Rowling Admonitions to the Winds and Stars Adapted from a line in the poem, " Hyperion" by John Keats Chapter One: The Book I Opened "When shall I look for thee and feel thee gone? When cry for the old comfort and find none? Never, I know! Thy soul is in thy face." Robert Browning from Any Wife to Any Husband Witch Weekly : Society We at Witch Weekly were astounded to hear the sudden separation between Lucius Malfoy and Narcissa Malfoy (née Black) for reasons unknown. This cataclysmic event follows a series of unfortunate events for Lucius Malfoy since the decision to part ways with the Board of Governors of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, following outrageous reports of blackmail within the Governors spearheaded after the alleged opening of the fabled Chamber of Secrets. Mr and Mrs Malfoy have been married since a young Narcissa Black graduated from Hogwarts, in a beautiful union that was orchestrated between the parents of the pair. They have been happily married in a love story of the decades until this summer. The stunning parents have two equally attractive children, Draco Lucius and Lacerta Andromeda , both whom attend Hogwarts (some even speculate that the fission was linked to Lacerta, who was at the epicentre of the Chamber of Secrets scandal). Narcissa has since relocated to France with her daughter, and we only hope her recovering heart heals in the country of romantics. We wish the best of luck to Narcissa, and to those who are keen to jump on the coattails of dear Lucius needn't bother! Sources have reported that he is awarding his estranged wife some space before he attempts to win her affections again. This is a romance story for the ages, and we will fervently report as the story progresses. x-x-x-x-x "This is the life." Hermione peeked over her book and watch as Lacie stretched in her sun lounger, kicking out her legs to soak up as much blazing sun as she could, large sunglasses adorning her face. Hermione didn't see the point, they had been sunbathing for two weeks now and Lacie hadn't even tanned in the slightest. Hermione, on the other hand, hid underneath a large parasol and slathered sun cream all over her body every so often before returning to her book. It had been two weeks since Hermione had arrived on the doorstep of a remote French villa in the Southern areas of France with her parents following a personal invitation from Narcissa Malfoy. At first, Hermione had treated the invite with trepidation, but her parents had urged her to go. They would most likely be very busy over the summer, and as much as they would miss her, she would probably have more fun in the company of her best friend. Hermione wasn't worried about Lacie's company, however, it was her brother that Hermione couldn't stand. Ever since Hermione Granger had the misfortune to stumble into Draco Malfoy's carriage on the Hogwarts Express and made the ill-informed decision to tell him of her parentage, he had been nothing short of insufferable. If Hermione had thought for one moment that having his sister as her best friend would ease the tension, it simply made things worse. Malfoy had made her life a living hell, and seemed to take great pleasure in trying to rid the world of her. The passing year was only testament to his will, poisoning her with Doxy venom under the guise of being her friend and parading his desire for her to lose a staring contest with a basilisk. Hermione snorted as she thought about it, she had thwarted his plans, and come out on the better side. He underestimated Muggle-borns, that was for sure. Just like Voldemort, and just like Salazar Slytherin. Most of all, he had underestimated her, just like her childhood bully. Hermione wasn't scared of Malfoy, just as she was no longer scared of Lauren, but she hadn't been for years. It was his rhetoric that she found more frightening, and the lengths that he and his friends would go to achieve it. Considering Narcissa Malfoy had married into the family, and her husband had been the so-called reason why the Chamber of Secrets had been opened in the first place – Hermione was reluctant to forgo Ginny Weasley's part in it all, but as Lacie had repeated over and over again, the girl had been possessed – Hermione was unwilling to go to her villa in case the Malfoy intolerance of her would continue. It hadn't happened yet, but Hermione treated the woman with a pinch of salt, that is, if Narcissa ever left her room. On the day of Hermione's arrival, Narcissa had played the role of gracious host impeccably. Hermione knew that it was a part of her strict training, the archaic ritual that children of 'proper' families went through in order to conduct themselves in a proper and orderly manner in the Wizarding world. Lacie was the perfect paragon beside her mother, and prepared tea for the Grangers as they sat in the drawing room to discuss details of Hermione's stay. Lacie then showed Hermione around the villa and to her room. It was a breath of fresh Mediterranean air compared to Malfoy Manor. Everything was carved out of light-coloured marble, and seemed to make everything seem light and airy, which was a stark contrast to the stuffiness of Malfoy Manor. Rooms flowed seamlessly into each other, and the furniture seemed comfortable, despite looking as if no one had ever used it before. Lacie directed Hermione to their side of the house, and opened a door to the room Hermione was to stay in. After Hermione had managed to scrape her jaw off the ground, she looked around the room. In comparison to her room when she had stayed at Malfoy Manor, everything was a soft cream colour, except for her bedsheets, which were a pale blue. Masses of pillows were placed on her bed, which made her wonder how she was going to sleep with all of them on the bed. Her hand glided over the large dressing table, where a pretty lamp sat. Hermione had quirked her eyebrow at Lacie, who revealed that although the house was owned by the Malfoy family, it was rented out to Muggles from time to time. "But don't your family detest Muggles?" Hermione had asked, "I thought the Malfoys would have bathed in their dirty blood, not do reputable business with them." Lacie had forced a smile before explaining, "If you go back far enough, the Malfoys made their fortune from dealing with Muggles, it was only after the passing of the Statute of Secrecy where Malfoy-Muggle relations went into decline, but my mother wanted a house in France and my father gifted one to her. What she does with it when she is not here is her own business." Hermione had nodded and dropped her single suitcase in the middle of the room before following Lacie out into the grounds. By the time they had finished exploring the grounds and the vast swimming pool, her parents were due to leave and they held Hermione close to them before thanking the Malfoy matriarch profusely and making their way to the door. Narcissa welcomed Hermione for a second time, and told her not to hesitate to ask her for anything before excusing herself. Lacie had sighed at her mother's retreating form, and told Hermione that her mother was good at hiding her pain, but it was a rare sight for her to leave her room. "If she's so upset, why would she leave your father?" Hermione questioned, staring at the archway that led to Narcissa's quarters. "Because her children are important to her, and because I refused to return to the Manor and spent any time with that man ," Lacie said, and Hermione knew that her best friend was trying to keep the sad tone from her voice. At that point, Hermione's stomach had grumbled and Lacie had fretted about her manners and ran towards the kitchen and Hermione followed. Hermione, whilst aware that this house had been remodelled for Muggle usage when the Malfoys were not staying there, was still shocked to see how much it looked like one that one would find in a mansion. A marble island stood in the middle, and everything else in the kitchen were varying shades of cream and silver. Hermione knew what every appliance did, of course, and Lacie walked towards the island before calling out, "Sandrine!" There was a loud crack and a small house-elf had appeared, dressed in a clean, cream silk dress. Hermione instantly recoiled and gave Lacie an accusatory look. Lacie rolled her eyes before speaking to the elf in rapid French, and the elf nodded and started preparing food. Lacie had then turned to Hermione, who clearly was uncomfortable with the idea of being waited on especially after knowing Dobby, and assured her that Sandrine wasn't doing anything she didn't want to. Sandrine was a free elf, but as most elves are, they are loyal to the families that raise and own them. The elf was part and parcel of the house, and Sandrine was more than happy to volunteer her services. Lacie also added that they also had a Squib housemaid, Anaïs, so Hermione was not to fret if she saw another unfamiliar face. After that, every day had been full of the same activities. Hermione normally breakfasted alone as Lacie had her daily ballet lesson, and went out to read in the sunshine. Every so often, she would catch herself staring at the still pool, which was paved with the same marble that ran through the house, and her gaze skimmed the grounds that extended for several acres. Sometimes a small breeze would distract her, and Hermione revelled in the scent of summer. Her favourite day so far was when a gardener had arrived and spent half a day cutting the grass, Hermione would have basked in the scent all day if Lacie had let her. Lacie always joined her mid-morning, and would spend the day lounging in the sun. Occasionally she would pick up a book, and do a little of her summer homework but most of the time, she soaked up as much sun as she could. When the air chilled, Hermione and Lacie would go back into the villa and talk about the upcoming year over dinner. Lacie would drag Hermione around different parts of the house and ask her to explain various appliances and listened carefully when Hermione explained its function. Lacie had found the idea of electricity interesting and seemed to grasp the concept quickly, before adding that her mother was too unfamiliar with the contraptions that lay around the house and preferred candles and magic. Hermione was, however, fascinated at how things weren't exploding in their midst. She had always known that electricity was one of those inventions that interfered so strongly with magic that it rendered one or the other almost useless. An abundance of magical energy seemed to cause electrical currents to run wild, which was why thunderstorms at Hogwarts were almost legendary, captivating and deadly at the same time and an abundance of electricity seemed to draw out the worst of a witch's or wizard's magical core and made it harder for a magical person to control themselves, especially when they were in a foul mood, and amplified any magical power. It always explained why Harry found it difficult to control his magic when he was younger, and Ron, Hermione and Lacie often found themselves cackling at the stories their friend told them. Hermione explained this to Lacie who had pondered it over her dinner before sharing what had been thinking. "Maybe because magic is so old and innate that it cannot reconcile itself with the new world so refuses to work with electricity," Lacie had said.