Warning & Content: (this is all listed in the prior installment as well) Crude/adult language and themes. Graphic depictions of violence and torture, and major/minor character deaths, since we are set in the midst of a magical war and neither side has much chill. A/N: This story is the sequel to the original story Red Sorrow, which spans from pre-PS through PoA. Do you need to read it to understand this story? I honestly don't know; it would probably be best if you did, but be warned it is LONG. Things may be a tad confusing if you haven't read the first part (it's 570k words and 82 chapters in total). If you are an old reader, welcome back, and if you are new, hello! I will start of this note by saying that there is a lot in this story, but if you aren't a fan of Snape or Snily, you should probably click away at this point, lol. I do try and keep these characters as true to character as my ability allows, but obviously they are subject to growth/change, since we are operating in an AU. I don't want to ramble, so all I can say is I hope you enjoy. X Part II " With you in my heart I can bear anything." — Franz Kafka It was like gazing down at a light at the bottom of a very deep well. For a split second, they were very sure that was what it might be, and that the ground would let out from beneath their feet, neither of them aware of the other. The light was rushing up to meet them — Everything went very still, and then they halted. The light was closer, and brighter, painting shadows on the walls like it was a puppetmaster and the shadows were its puppets. They were at the end of a long corridor, one that seemed endless, as if someone could get lost walking the length of it, even if it was straight and the end was easily seen. Around the edges of their vision, the darkness shimmered and swayed, like it was only a mirage, and the only real piece of the house was the shadow and the light spilling out from the open doorway. "Where is Nagini?" a cold, high, familiar voice asked; the murkiness surrounding them dissolved at once, as though his voice had caused the scene to snap to attention. "I suppose she has set out to explore the house, my Lord," another voice answered, laden with silk but with venom at the seams. "Hm, yes," the first voice said, sounding mildly irritated by this. "I will have one of you milk her before you leave again. The journey has tired me greatly. It truly is a pity Wormtail is no longer at my disposal… I would have had him see to it instead." "Bellatrix has been playing with her food," said the second voice, obvious that he found this to be very funny, "if that is any kind of consolation to you, my Lord." There was a dry chuckle from the first voice, like scales rubbing against bare skin. "That is… enlightening." "How so, my Lord?" The second voice sounded confused — like the puzzlement had been hiding underneath and now felt comfortable crawling out. "Never mind it, my slippery friend," the first voice said, suddenly impatient. "Have you seen to what I've asked of you?" "Yes, my Lord. It has been done." "Were you met with any… obstacles?" "No, it… went fairly smoothly." The second voice hesitated. "If you don't mind, my Lord, I am curious… how long do you intend to stay here?" "A week… perhaps longer. It is fairly comfortable, and I am not yet at my full power. We will proceed once the Quidditch World Cup has transpired. With Ministry officials from around the world meddling… surveying… it would be foolish to act prematurely." "I see." The second voice sounded content with this, like he was somehow relieved. "And after?" "Patience, Lucius, patience," the first voice mused. "All will come in time, and then… the Potter children will be as good as mine." For a long, tense moment, there was nothing but the crackle of the fire, and low, shrill, breath-like noises that sounded like they were coming from the man the cold, high voice belonged to. There was the strained creeeak of floorboards under someone's weight, and then — "My Lord..." The second voice hesitated. "Do we require the both of them?" "Do you doubt me, Lucius?" the first voice asked mockingly, but there was menace there, like a layer he could easily shed. "Never, my Lord!" the second voice said vehemently, but it shook around the edges. "I just — you would only require one for the spell you wish to use, yes? Would it not be easier for you to use just one?" "Don't you think I know that?" the first voice snapped. "I know the veins of this dark magic far better than you or anyone else can dream of comprehending! I want them both there — I will use Harry Potter for the spell itself — but the girl… it will be immensely satisfying for her to watch, I would like to think. I will know when the time comes." "Then, the girl… she is… useless?" "Not useless," the first voice said. "Useful." "I don't understand. Will that not complicate things, my Lord? The girl is under as much protection as the boy is." "My faithful servant… he will see to it. I am sure of it. He knows what lies at stake." The second voice fell silent. The firelight grew, danced across the walls, like it was just as pleased with the first voice's plan as much as he was. "What of the boy?" the first voice asked softly. Before the second voice could reply, there was a hissing sound filling the air, sending goosebumps up and down their arms. Their eyes met — "Nagini tells me there is an old Muggle man standing outside," the first voice said. "Invite him in Lucius, and let me show you what I plan to do to the Potters." Severus' Mark was itching, and his daughter's light was on. Normally, this would have irritated him greatly, since Ariel had the extraordinary talent of doing things that made him want to smash his head into the wall, but he couldn't ignore the timing between her bedroom lights flicking on and his Mark bothering him again. It had been doing that since the beginning of the summer holiday, when Severus thought he and Ariel could leave their troubles behind for a few months, but it seemed that the Dark Lord had other plans. Severus gritted his teeth and threw his legs over the side of the bed, rolling up his sleeve. The Dark Mark had begun to darken — he'd felt it, sensed it in his bones and heart, like the Mark had reestablished a direct line to it. It was only affirmation that he was nothing more than the tattoo on his arm, but nevertheless, something was happening, and it was nothing good. As the sound of footsteps pounded against the wooden floor, Severus quickly hid his Mark from sight and lifted his eyes. Ariel appeared in the doorway of his bedroom at Spinner's End, where they had lived together for the past thirteen — almost fourteen, now — years. She took up more of the frame than she had in summers past; she'd had a growth spurt towards the end of the year, her body more legs than anything else, like himself when he had been her age. She wouldn't be tall, but she'd reach a normal height by the time she was done growing. Auburn hair brushed across her shoulders, which she had decided to cut just after Christmas, the freckles around her nose scrunching together as she winced, dropping her hand. "What is it?" Severus asked, already leaning over the side of the bed. If Ariel found him already being awake suspicious, she didn't say so aloud. Instead, she rubbed her forehead, right where her lightning bolt scar lay. "My scars hurts," Ariel croaked, "like with Quirrell… and Tom. It's never done that before if he's not near." It took Severus a moment to comprehend what she was insinuating. He felt a chill run down his spine and to the ends of his fingertips. Ariel hurried over to him and grabbed his forearm — the one without the Mark. He noticed that she'd brought her wand as her eyes locked onto the windows behind the bed. He grabbed her wrist in response, pulling it down so that her wand was not pointing itself at any kind of target. The last thing he needed was Ministry owls tracking them here and word getting out that the Girl-Who-Lived was being held captive by Severus Snape, notorious Potions Master and Death Eater. "The Dark Lord is nowhere near here." Severus placed both his hands on her shoulders. "It's impossible for him to even begin tracking your whereabouts." "How do you know?" Ariel asked, her dark eyes searching his own. "I… I could… feel him." "I have an arsenal of wards surrounding this house," Severus said softly, brushing his hand across her forehead and lingering over her scar. "We're undetectable, I promise you." "But the scar… the dream…" "Dream?" His eyebrows furrowed. "Tell me." Ariel's mouth opened and closed several times before she looked away, her eyelids fluttering like she was straining to see something he couldn't. Severus studied her expression, trying to decipher the curve of her mouth and the confusion in her black eyes. The last time Ariel had told him she'd dreamed of the Dark Lord, she had opened the Chamber of Secrets. "Come," Severus said quietly, his heart, held together by the girl's own hands, shuddering. She gripped his arm — the one with the Dark Mark — as he wrapped an arm securely around her shoulders. He sent a quick glance at the window, the early morning light trickling in like droplets. (the Mark was darkening) Severus flicked on the lights with his wand, leading them both down the narrow hallway and into the kitchen. Ariel leaned against the half-wall that separated the kitchen from the living room, her arms tucked securely under her armpits as Severus drew the curtains back from the window. He stood there dumbly for a moment, wracking his brain — tea seemed like a good idea. Ariel looked cold, but then again, she was always cold, like he was. They were both products of their environment, Severus supposed, the dungeons being what they were, and Spinner's End not exactly being the warmest either, even in summertime. A few seconds later, the kettle was on, and Ariel was falling into a chair at their cramped table. She hadn't looked a mite this distressed since the night Black had come to confront Severus on what was going on between the girl and her brother. He didn't know which situation he preferred more — he supposed the former, since he could dispose of Black… no, he couldn't… not with his newfound fame… He wanted to crush her pain — her fear — especially if she was trying to suppress it. Ariel was not the type of person who could bury things and continue to function like a normal fourteen-year-old girl. Her scar hadn't bothered her for a very long time, and Severus had taken that with a grain of salt. The Dark Lord had been quiet for nearly a year now. It had been a false lull — Severus had anticipated it, had known something was brewing when his Mark had begun to itch, and day by day, it had darkened. The kettle shrieking jolted Severus' out of his thoughts. He quickly summoned two teacups, setting them down on the decrepit table behind him. Ariel didn't move — she simply