"Scamander!" I pull my broom to an abrupt halt – a blast of cool air roaring past my face as I do so, sending my blonde hair into a wild frenzy as it whips around my shoulders. With one glove-cladded hand I push the few strands of hair that have come loose from my pony-tail out of my eyes. In the other I loosely hold my shabby, old bat, which I had just used to send a rogue Bludger hurling through the air towards my wanker of a Captain. My eyes narrow into furious slits of blue as James Potter pulls his own broom up in front of me, clutching his left arm rather dramatically. I scoff. It's not like he didn't deserve it, really. There I was, innocently practicing my swing technique when James – pompous idiot he is – threatens that if I don't improve my aim by next week's game he'll tell my older brother, Lysander, how I got drunk over summer break and snogged Fred Weasley. And by threatens I mean that he yelled across the entire pitch, so that not only Lysander but the rest of the entire, sodding Gryffindor Quidditch team found out about my – not entirely innocent – summer endeavours. Well, I guess my aims not so bad now huh, Cappy? "Are you out of your freaking mind?" James demands, his black hair an outrageous, tousled mess as he balances expertly on his Nimbus Platinum. "You could've knocked me off my bloody broom!" "Remind me why that would be such a bad thing?" I snap in aggravation, waving my bat in front of me in what I hope is a menacing fashion and scanning around the rest of the team for any back up that they might be willing to provide me with. This, of course, proves completely uselessbecause now my team mates are so disgusted with me that they're all shooting me dirty looks and uttering strings of profanities under their breaths. I guess I can't blame them, really. I mean because of the fact that half of our team is actually related to Fred Weasley. Excluding me, of course. Jeez, I'm not some kind of sick pervert who goes around snogging members of my own family or anything. Lysander, who's hovering in front of one of the goal posts at the other end of the Pitch, is sending me death glares and making gestures with his hands that I'm about to lose my head. I ignore him. James and Lysander have been best friends since they were young, and they're absolute terrors together. Sometimes I think Lysander fancies it his sole purpose in life to make mine a living nightmare. James let's out an exasperated sigh, ignoring my previous question and letting his hazel eyes roll back dejectedly. "Lyra, my little Salamander – why do you enjoy being so difficult? I'm your Captain . So that means if I tell you you're doing a shitty job on the Pitch, then you better bloody well start shaping up." He furrows his dark eyebrows menacingly, "Or else." "Or else what, Captain ?" I ask, spitting the title dispassionately. "You'll start shouting my personal life across the Pitch like a freaking Howler?" James throws me a careless grin, the bruise on his arm apparently forgotten for the moment. "Something like that." "You are the worst Captain, ever !" I let out a shriek of frustration, drawing back my bat with the idea to smack the arrogant smirk clean off his face. That is until with a whoosh of air, a dark haired girl rears her broom up between the two of ours, her dark hair, styled in a long braid, swinging over her shoulder fiercely and her hazel eyes burning into me from under a pair of raised eyebrows. "Would you two quit it already," She snaps, clearly annoyed. "Let's just finish this practice before class starts, yeah?" Roxanne Weasley – ever the mediator. It doesn't help that's she's a psychotic wench who will gladly smack the living daylights out of anyone who pisses her off. She gets it from her mum, Angie, I swear. Roxanne, aside from being one of my best friends, is the other Beater in our happy little team, making Gryffindor the first team ever at Hogwarts to have two female Beaters. I love her, really. Though maybe not right at this moment. She waves her bat between the two of us – something in her eyes saying that if we don't back off there will be hell to pay. James rolls his eyes at his cousin before narrowing them at me and regaining his composure. "Do it again, Lyra, and I'll have you running laps." He barks, and for a moment I wonder if he means assaulting him with a Bludger, or snogging Fred. "And take that goddamn piece of junk off from around your neck. I've already warned you about wearing it on the Pitch." And then he just flies off, leaving me scowling after him like a kid who's had her candy taken off of her. I finger the necklace that hangs around my neck, the piece of junk he had called it. I suppose it does look sort of strange. It's a cluster of Muggle bottle caps that my Grandfather, Xenophilius, had given to me over the summer. He said that it would help to ward off Frosthoppers, because they had a fear of anything Muggle. I don't know what a Frosthopper is exactly – or even if they actually exist . But no way in hell am I taking any chances. Besides, it makes Grandpa happy to know that I wear it, and it's not like I've never seen James do anything just because it made his Grandfather happy. I've seen him in the garden shed with Arthur, many times tinkering with toasters, or whatever the hell it is that they do out there. I tuck the necklace inside my tank top before turning to meet Roxanne's raised eyebrows. "Please tell me you did not snog my brother." She clicks her tongue and waves her bat in my face crossly. "Merlin, it was a dare, alright!" I explain in frustration – silently vowing to murder James Potter in his sleep for letting word of this get out. How the hell had he found out about it anyway? The only people who even know about it are of course me and Fred – and the one who had designated the dare in the first place. And Roxanne knows all too well that I never back down from a dare. Well, not one that isn't going to kill me anyway. And let's face it – playing tongue hockey with Fred Weasley isn't exactly a life threatening situation. In fact, it was kind of nice. Well, that's what I'd been thinking anyway until I saw the way that Roxanne was scowling at me. After that I thought maybe it wasn't so nice if I had to deal with the butt-kicking that the scowl entailed. "And who would dare you to do something as disgusting as that?" Roxanne asks, which I think is a bit harsh of her. I mean, Fred isn't exactly a troll. Before this year he had been the Captain of our team, and did a bloody good job of it too. More so than our current Captain, anyway. I don't even have to answer for Roxanne to know who the culprit is, however. She only has to follow my narrowed eyes to the messy, black-haired boy who has taken advantage of the Captain's momentary distraction to lay sprawled on the dry, patchy grass of the Pitch below. Albus Potter – Frenemy Extraordinaire. He shoots a wink once he notices me and Roxy both glaring down at him and I growl lowly under my breath – scheming all the possible ways that I can maim him. That is until James' barks at the two of us. "Roxy, Lyra – get your lazy arses back into formation!" I resist the urge to hurl another Bludger his way, and with a forced calmness, Roxanne and I go back to practicing our drills. It's not like I don't understand that our first match of the season is in less than a week and because it's James' first year as Captain he's desperate to win the Quidditch Cup and do his parents proud and all that crap. But his constant, big-headed attitude is beginning to give me one hell of a headache. I'm a bloody good Beater, and he knows it. His problem is that he's too stubborn to admit it. Maybe I should have thought about snogging Fred beforesummer break. Then he might have made me – the only player on the team who actually deserves the position – Captain, instead of dung-for-brains Potter. Not that there wasn't any reason that he shouldn't have left the position to me without me actually having to use my feminine wiles on him anyway. After another half hour of Roxy and I batting Bludgers at one another, James finally dismisses us from practice. I touch down on the ground with a light step, and swing my broom onto my shoulder, grumbling as I do so. "Maybe next time I should aim for his head. Whack some sense into that thick skull of his." I say, waving my bat in front of me and mimicking it smacking into James' head. "With that arm, you'd most likely kill him. And then where would we be?" Remarks the mousy-haired girl to my left, the third piece of our happy little trio and my other best friend. Pippa Bell – the sensible one. Taking after her Aunt, Katie, she's a wicked fast Chaser, and always the one to calm the storm of female emotions that is Roxy and I. "I know where I'd be." I answer Pippa with renewed enthusiasm. "I'd be Captain of this bloody team." Roxanne scoffs darkly at me. "For Merlin's sake, are you still going on about that?" "Yes I'm still going on about that, you slag!" I counter in exasperation, pointing my bat at her accusingly. "And you should be supporting me." I don't hear Roxanne's reply, however, as a rough shove from behind me almost sends me tumbling face first towards the ground. "Oi, you." Lysander addresses me gruffly. Oh, that's real nice, you prat. I do actually have a name. "What do you think you're doing, sneaking around with Freddie?" "Jeez, calm down, will you? It's not like I'm going to marry the guy," I say, and Lysander scowls at me as if the very thought of that is offensive. "Besides, it's not actually any of your business." I can't help but notice Pippa, who's practically wetting herself at the fact that Lysander's walking beside her. Half the girls at Hogwarts act this way around him, it's disgusting really. If I had actually had the chance to eat lunch today I would vomit. On Pippa's Quidditch boots, just for good measure. "Of course it's my business, the guys two years older then you!" "Oh, you're worried about age now, are you? That's funny, I don't remember you caring so much when you hooked up with that bint in Paris last Easter. How old was she? Like, forty?" To say that Lysander looked horrified would be the understatement of the century, and I feel a small burst of satisfaction at the sight. He narrows his sapphire eyes at me. "She was twenty-four! And how do you know about that?" "I know everything you get up to, buddy! I'm always watching." I say, motioning from my eyes to his. Menacingly, I hoped. Lysander stalks off, running a hand through his fair hair exasperatedly and muttering under his breath about nosey sisters. Roxanne raises an inquisitive eyebrow at me. "Do you really know everything he gets up to?" "Not at all." "Thank Merlin for that." "Agreed." " I'd like to know