This is a little one shot I have wanted to write for a while now; it's inspired by the song "All I Wanna do is Make Love to You" By Heart. I apologize for any mistakes, my pre-readers all flaked on me and I really wanted to get this posted. This story is All Human and somewhat OOC. As always, my love and gratitude to Ms. Stephenie Meyer for introducing me to Bella, Edward, and this Twilight universe, it has truly changed my life. All I Wanna Do….. I think this is just about the darkest road I have ever been on. I haven't seen another car for miles in either direction of this two lane highway. This was all Siri's idea. I think sometimes she has it out for me. I look at the screen one more time, sure enough the little dot keeps moving on the blue line of the course she laid out for me. I pray I don't lose service. It's a heavily wooded area. My best friend Alice just moved from Portland to Forks, Washington. I didn't tell her I was coming, there wasn't time. She moved there 4 month ago and told me I had a place to crash if I ever needed one. Well I need one. It started with a gentle pitter patter on the roof of my car and the further I travel down this deserted highway the stronger the rain gets. A crack of lightning sparks the sky and I silently count the seconds until the thunder vibrates my car. It's the only time I will ever turn down the music. It's late; I'm high on adrenaline and a ton of caffeine. I just escaped a jackass ex-boyfriend. I'll be hours away before he discovers I'm gone and I feel free for the first time in years. Its pouring buckets now and I slow down; don't want to hydroplane out here. Seriously, I have not seen another car for hours. The night sky turns almost light as a bolt dances through the clouds and I catch a glimpse of a person walking on the side of the road. I didn't see a car on the road anywhere. I pass the walking form slowly and I realize it's a man. He sticks his thumb out asking for a ride. I slow down a bit, as my heart and mind slip into battle mode. What do I do? He could be a serial killer; he could be a figment of my imagination. I really can't leave him out here, it is pouring rain and I'm starting to think this road is abandoned. If I'm honest, I don't really have anything to lose. I'm so distracted by my thoughts that my car stops from lack of me pushing on the gas pedal; making my decision for me. I can't very well leave another human in this storm. I hear the handle jiggle and I realize the locks are still engaged. I hit the button on the side of my door and he flies into my car slamming the door loudly. I reach around the seat and pull out an emergency fleece blanket my dad put in the car, just in case. He takes it from me greedily. "Thank you for stopping" His voice is the most beautiful sound I have ever heard. "You're welcome, but I have two conditions or I will kick you back out in the rain." "Oh really and what would those be?" he says quietly with a hint of a smile. I gasp as he looks me dead in the eyes, oh he's gorgeous. "You have to promise you won't hurt me or make fun of my music. If you can agree to that I'll take you to as far as I'm going." I plan to drop in the town before Forks just in case he really is a psycho. He laughs out loud. I haven't heard anyone genuinely laugh like that in a while. "I promise, unless you listen to Justin Bieber, or something." "No, no Bieber, poor guy I don't think ever set out to get himself deported." He laughs again. "So I didn't see a car…umm.. How did you end up out in the rain?" "Well about five miles back my now ex-girlfriend kicked me out of my car." I chuckle. What? I couldn't imagine ever kicking someone as handsome as him out of the car. "How exactly did that happen?" I'm amused. He starts to explain that she picked him up in Olympia and they were headed home to Port Angeles, but she decided to take the long way around and when he asked her about it, she blew up on him, accusing him of thinking she was incompetent. He told her that wasn't the case he just wondered why she would drive a hundred miles out of the way. That's when she dumped him on the side of the road. He was so shocked he didn't try to stop her before she took off again in his car. I watch him tell the story as much as I can, considering I'm driving. He has a perfect jawline and emerald green eyes; a color I have never seen before. Even soaked to the bone he is very handsome. Of course he has a girlfriend I thought to myself. Yeah I have no chance with him. I hope he can't see my eyes roll at my ridiculousness, as he finishes his story. The rain continues to pour down in buckets: we talk a little about this and that, never exchanging names. What was the point? I will never see him again. We both are a little shy and don't really say much. The car is on fire because I cranked up the heater when he entered the car. He notices it at the same time I do, so we both automatically reach for the heater knob, our hands touch and I swear I feel a jolt of electricity and I'm not talkin' about static electricity. Our eyes met and I know he feels it too, but we say nothing. We enter a small town at the edge of the forest, still never passing or seeing another car. According to Siri I still have 2 hours before I reach Forks, but it's midnight. I'm exhausted. I pull into the "Rusty Cannon Inn" it looks like its seen better days, but I'm too tired to care. I turn off the car and the rain hammers on the roof. "I'm too tired to continue." "UMM..My wallet and phone are still in my car. I left them in my bag." My eyes widen, he really is stranded. "You can share my room with me and I'll take you as far as I can tomorrow." I must be crazy, it's risky to give a stranger a ride, but I'm putting myself in real danger by sharing a room with one. Strangely, I feel safe in his presence. I stand in shock at the counter as the attendant says he only has a queen bed room left. It is a small place and I did notice a few other cars out front. "I guess I'll take it." I go back out to my car and slide back in the driver's seat. "I took their last room and it only has a queen bed." "I hope you don't snore." He smirks at me. "I don't think so" I say with sarcastic smile. We jump out of the car and I grab my overnight bag. I packed one just in case. We enter the room and it's not bad, but it's not great either, at least it's clean. I look over at my handsome stranger and I can see that his clothes are still pretty wet and that must be uncomfortable. "Why don't you take a shower and warm up" "I don't have any clothes" He says with Duh, written on his face. "I know, here." I unmake the bed and grab the top sheet off. "You can wrap yourself up in this. Maybe you can make a toga." I smile brightly at him. He laughs contagiously out loud again. He rips the sheet from my hand and heads for the bathroom door. Minutes later I hear the shower run. I stand at the sink beside the closed bathroom door as my mind wonders what he looks like naked and soapy; my achy girlie bits remind me again how long it has been. I do my best to ignore the pool of liquid forming in my panties. He has a girlfriend, no chance remember. I brush my teeth and change into my cami top and sleep shorts. I wasn't expecting company on this trip and this is what I normally sleep in. It's not very flattering. I'm sitting on the bed with my back to the bathroom rubbing my aching shoulders. It's been a long few days and I'm physically and emotionally exhausted. I feel a warm soft hand touch me and I about hit the celling. I didn't even hear him come out the bathroom. The electric shock I felt in the car is now lighting up my body. "Shhh…let me help you with that." I don't say a word as I melt into his touch; he turns me into a pile of goo with his very skillful hands. I move my hair out of the way and he digs in a little deeper. It's taking everything I have not to moan and groan like a cat in heat. He moves closer to me. I'm sitting between his legs, almost flush with his naked torso. I feel soft kisses on the back of my neck. My eyes widen at the direction he has taken this, but I don't stop him, it feels too good, too right. I reach my hand back and run my fingers through his hair, he moans slightly and it's the sexiest sound I have ever heard. I turn my head around and see lust and fire in his eyes; it's a look I've only ever read about in smutty romance books. He kisses me slowly; sparks light my body. I pull slowly away and he moves quickly to his knees. I can see his erection under the thin fabric of the sheet. I'm stunned and fascinated my stupid ex never got hard like that just by kissing me. He lays me softly down and climbs up slowly beside me; the sheet is barely covering his naked beautiful body. I can't take my eyes off him. I want this; just once I want to know what it feels like to be with a Greek God like him; one night, where I put aside the fact that he's completely out of my league and he makes love to me. We face each other and I'm completely lost in the moment. I can't speak. My brain screams at me to stop, but he takes my lips again and I surrender. He lifts my tight cami over my head, my D cup breast spill out and for a second I'm mortified. No one has ever seen my naked breasts, my ex never took my shirt off and I was always too self-conscience to take it off myself in front of him. My stranger seems captivated by them, slowly taking one, grazing my pert nipple making me shiver. His other hand touches the loose skin above the waistband of my panties and sleep shorts. Before I can protest the fact that he's touching my fat body, he whispers. "Is this ok?" YES OH YES ... I'll never see him again. I won't have to worry about his criticism of my body. I have only been with one person. Why not? His eyes study my face as he waits patiently for me to make up my mind. "Yes" He slowly removes the fabric from my thick body. My mind is spinning because he can see