A/N i should probably be writing new chapters for my other stories, but i decided that there simply wasn't enough fanfiction for one of my OTPs. And i wanted to help change that. Enjoy! "Bell! What the hell are you doing? Get over there and grab that Quaffle!" I growl at my quidditch Captain, though I know full well he can't hear me, before diving towards Alicia and Angie. "Wood's doing my bloody nut in." I grumbled, as Alicia tossed the ball to me. the wind blew hard, causing our robes to fly to the side. It was hard enough to bloody fly, never mind catch and throw balls. I glanced over to wear Harry was desperately trying to fight the wind and capture the snitch. This was his first practice on the team, and it was giving him an example of what Oliver was likely to put him through for the next three years. "Potter! Catch that bloody Snitch!" I heard Oliver yell. I turned on my broom and tried to shout at him over the winds. "Give the boy a break, Wood! he's been flying barely a week!" I screamed, the wind probably drowning me out. I glared as he flew over to me. "What are you yelling about, Bell?" he said with that sly smirk that made me want to smack him. "You shouldn't be pushing Harry like that! He only just learnt how to fly and you're acting like he's a professional player!" he said with a snarl. Wood just continued to smirk. Bastard. "I only allow experts to play on my team, Bell, if he can't handle it then maybe he shouldn't be playing." He said. We heard a yell, and saw that Harry was waving something above his head. Oliver turned back to me with that smirk still plastered on his face. "You sure he can't handle it?" he said, before turning to the rest of the team. "Alright you guys, back to the ground!" he yelled, before swooping past me and landing on th ground. We followed him, standing in a line before him like soldiers. "All of you, one lap around the pitch for cool down. Off we go!" he began, the rest of us following with a groan. He was miles ahead of us, but the wind had died down a bit now so we knew he could hear us. "You're going to bloody kill us, Wood!" yelled Angelina, who was trying her best to catch up to him. She had always been the more competitive of us, bar Oliver himself of course. He ignored her, which was always a bad idea. We all stumbled into the changing rooms panting, and Oliver was stood there as if nothing had happened. He wasn't even out of breath. Angelina immediately challenged him. "You can't keep doing this to us, Wood! eventually we're going to be so broken you won't have a team at all!" "you all look fine to me." he replied with a shrug, and that god awful smirk was back. "Are you kidding?" said Fred, "we feel like we've been killed four times over!" finished George. We all nodded and slumped down on the benches, Alicia laying down and the rest of us leaning up against the lockers. Oliver was leaning against the shower room wall, grinning. "Well maybe if you all ate right, you wouldn't feel as tired." Alicia groaned at this comment. "Girls need chocolate, Oliver, and ice cream." Angie and I nodded in agreement. "And Fred and I need strength so we can pull all our pranks." Fred cut in, with a nod of agreement from his twin. "Well maybe if you didn't pull so many you'd be able to attend practice more often!" Oliver cheerfully retorted, grabbing his towel and heading into the boy's showers. After a minute of almost silence (bar heavy breathing) the shower switched on. "I'm off too. maybe the hot water will make me feel my hands and feet again!" Angelina said, he voice yelling the last part so that she knew Wood would hear. Alicia nodded, and the both grabbed their towels and went into the girls'. Fred and George sighed and followed Oliver after a while, talking quietly about some sort of prank they were pulling. Harry slipped out of the door, not even bothering with shower and probably running off with those two friends of his, and I sat alone for a short while, listening as the showers hit the tiles. "Katie, are you not getting a shower?" I jumped as Alicia and Angelina emerged from the showers, their hair wet and towels wrapped around them. I nodded and smiled. "Sorry, you know what I'm like. Started daydreaming and completely lost track of where I was." I grabbed my towel and ran past them into the showers, turning it on as I heard the door close. i began to sing the tune of 'Double Trouble' to myself as the hot water hit me, when I heard a pronounced cough. "You don't sound half bad." Oliver Wood's smirk could almost be seen through his tone. "Shut up, Wood, didn't you leave ages ago." "No, I was sorting out my hair. And I'm being honest. Why don't you join the choir?" he asked, with a chuckle. I glared at the wall in front of me. "very funny, Wood." I seethed, turning off the shower and wrapping the towel around me. I stepped into the main changing room to see his smirking face. I glared at him as I went to my clothes. "Again, I wasn't joking." I turned to see that the smirk was gone, replaced by what seemed to be a genuine smile. I rolled my eyes. "I'm sorry for pushing you guys out there." My head snapped around in shock. Oliver Wood never apologised for the conditions of a practice. "You're joking, right? Oliver Wood, apologising for pushing his team too far? Oh, look!" I pointed to thin air, "And there's a pig flying." I rolled my eyes again and began brushing through my soaked hair. "No, I'm serious. Just… don't tell the others I told you this, but I do appreciate the work you guys put into this. you do me proud every time I see you play." His smile grew as he spoke, and I turned and sat on the bench. "I bet breakfast is being served." I said, closing my eyes and imagining the delicious food. Oliver laughed lightly. "Then I suggest that you hurry up and get ready, or you'll miss it. If you want I could wait outside." He motioned to the wall, but I shook my head. "You're fine. See you back up at the castle." He nodded and left, the door closing behind him. I left the changing room, my chocolate hair still wet, when I jumped out of my skin. "Oliver you bloody terrified me!" I said, slapping his shoulder playfully as he stood up straight from where he had been leaning on the wall outside the changing rooms. He smirked. "Sorry, Katie, i didn't mean to surprise you. I was just waiting for you." "I told you not to." "You don't have to be so cut off from me all the time, you know." his smirk was still there, and I took all my inner strength not to slap him. "Whatever, Wood." I said, and we fell into a silence for a few minutes. I hesitated, before saying, "You're a good Captain, Oliver." He looked up at me, and I smiled, "Even though you do want to break every bone in our bodies." We laughed, and he threw his arm over my shoulders. "Oh, why thank you, Miss Bell!" he teased, as we headed up to the castle, "I shall have to put that on my resume. I'm sure a reference like that would certify my a place on any quidditch team I wanted!" I placed a dramatic hand on his chest and laughed when I playfully elbowed him. "ok, but don't tell the others it was me." We continued to talk as we entered the castle, laughing as we sat down at the Gryffindor table. "You took a while, Oliver. We thought you'd left long before us." Alicia said, her mouth full of toast. Oliver shrugged. "I was doing my hair, and then I figured it would only be polite to wait for Katie." He did that smirk again. I glared at it. "even though I told him not to." I said, stabbing my fork into a sausage and stuffing it in my mouth. Oliver grinned and bit into his slice of toast. "I don't understand how you can live on a piece of toast." Fred commented, motioning towards his full plate. Oliver laughed. "It's called will power." "But you're not Will, you're Oliver." Said George, pointing at him with a fork. Oliver rolled his eyes as the rest of us laughed. Most the day passed rather slowly – I got told off in Transfiguration for talking to Alicia, in history of magic I narrowly escaped detention for hexing George after he fired a paper aeroplane at my head, double potions ended with both Fred and George getting detentions, and our entire table being covered in black gloop and in Muggle Studies I learnt stuff I already knew, being a Half-Blood. "I took Muggle Studies so that I could ace at least one NEWT. I had no idea it was going to be that boring!" Angie moaned as we made our way to dinner, "I'm starting to wish we'd taken Care of Magical creatures with Alicia instead." I nodded in agreement as we walked down the corridor in a crowd of students. "Do you really think Wood's going to make us practice tonight?" George asked, appearing at Angie's side, "We're completely drained!" Fred finished, appearing beside me. The four of us sighed in unison, filtering into the Great Hall and heading over to the Gryffindor table, where Alicia was waiting. "Wood's not here yet; I'm praying he doesn't make us go out in that." She nodded to the window, which looked like a waterfall it was raining so hard. The four of us sat around her, Fred placing his head on the table and George grabbing a chicken leg and biting into it. Angeline placed her head on Alicia's shoulder in exasperation. "You all look like you could do with a day off! We've only been here two weeks!" we all looked up hopefully as Oliver sat down beside me. "Does that mean we don't have to have practice tonight?" Alicia said, with a grin. Oliver laughed. "No way. you guys need your training." We all groaned, Angie and Alicia hugged one another as Fred threw his head back onto the table. George continued to eat and I turned on Oliver. "You have to be kidding me! We are all going to drown out there!" "It's only rain, Bell, you aren't going to die." He said with that infuriating smirk. "We might get pneumonia or something! How do you pan on winning the cup with your team in the infirmary?" Oliver hesitated for a second. "Well if I come out fine then you should too." he said after a second, causing the team to look at us, hopefully staring at me to try and persuade him. "Wood, are you blind? We barely survived lessons, never mind three hours in that lot." I pointed at the window. "Stop being so dramatic, Bell." He said, rolling his eyes, "I'm tired too, but I'm still getting off my ass and practising. Come on, you gits, get in that changing room!" he montioned to the door with his arms, and the rest of the team groaned. "Wood, you aren't going to get us on top form if we don't want to be there! We hardly ever get a night off from practice I'm sure we'll be fine missing today-" "But let's not risk it!