A/N (Info on the terrible format of the first eight chapters will be in a later A/N)I know that Nymphadora didn't go to school at the same time as the Marauders, but this is just what I think probably would have happened if she did. I know that some of the drama in this is kinda unlikely but I mean most of it is Sirius being a drama queen, and we all know that he totally was (See: ONLY ONE WILL DIE TONGHT! – just bloody tell him you want the rat!) I don't own anything Harry Potter, as much as I hope. I wrote most of this a while ago, so there may be some questionable grammar and spellings. Enjoy! Chapter 1 Staring up at the clouds, Nymphadora Tonks smiled. "I love hanging out with you guys!" she laughed, as Sirius jabbed a hand into James' side, making him jerk. Remus nodded. "They're cool, but so annoying." He laughed with Tonks, "Usually they plan on how to get back at Severus. James is still fuming with him for calling Lily… That." He glanced at James, who's head was at his feet. Nymphadora nodded thoughtfully. "Yes, I don't think I'd like it either. If my boyfriend was called that I'd be angry too." Sirius sprang up, and eyes his second cousin accusingly. "Who's this boyfriend?" he looked at Remus, who shrugged. Nymphadora rolled her eyes, sighing heavily. "Why are you so protective? And I don't have a boyfriend, I was talking hypothetically. Everyone here is terrified of me," she pointed to her teal hair, "Or they just hate me. as if I'd ever get a boyfriend with this dumb condition, or whatever the hell this," she pointed to her hair again, "Is." Sirius stood up angrily. "Just because you're a Metamorphmagus it doesn't mean that any man wouldn't want you. it makes you special, right guys?" he turned to his two best friends, who nodded. Peter Pettigrew found his friends sat beneath the Whomping Willow, a lunatic tree that was controlled by Professor Dumbledore and was ordered not to attack the Marauders or anyone with them. The reason for this was rather…. Furry, and the Marauders were told not tell anyone, despite the fact that half the school knew anyway. "Hey guys, Nymphadora," he said, sitting down. Tonks' hair turned a shade of orange. "Don't call me that, Peter, you know I hate it." He smiled anxiously and nodded, before moving margianally closer to Remus. He and Sirius, being as strong as they were, were probably the only ones who could calm her down if she got too angry, and would hopefully stop her attacking him. This happened in her first year, when Peter had accidentally insulted her. How was he to know that her hair wasn't blue by choice. Lily joined them a moment later and sat beside James in the small circle. "I can't believe we have to leave you here for two whole years on your own." Sighed James. The Marauders and Lily were in fifth year, whereas Tonks was only in the third year. She nodded, taking a bite out of her jam sandwich. "I'll be fine, what's the worst that could happen?" she smiled. Sirius looked up from where he was pulling the grass out of its roots. "You could get a boyfriend." He said, deadly serious. Lily burst at laughing, and Tonks glared at her. She tried to stop herself from laughing, but there was a huge grin on her face. "Oh no! It's her!" yelled a first year boy. It was only two weeks into the term, but Hufflepuff had already told the first years about Nymphadora, claiming she was 'Dangerous'. The common room mostly cleared, except a few people who stared at her cautiously. "She doesn't look very happy… we'd better watch out…" one girl whispered to her friend, who nodded, her eyes not leaving Tonks. Damn this school! Everyone was so judgemental! She went into her room, where the other third year girls were congregated. "Here she is! Tonks, who do you think Jessie's brother will be taking to the Valentine's Ball?" asked Avalanti. She smiled gleefully as her best friend squirmed. "I don't know," Tonks shrugged, "Hannah Grayson maybe?" she had seen them together many times, and they were a well-known Hufflepuff couple, almost as famous as Lily and James. The room erupted into laughter as Jessie slammed her face into her pillow. "I don't want to know who my brother is dating, Okay?" she wailed as the girls laughed mercilessly, before running out of the room. Tonks sighed, grabbing a book and attempting to leave the room. "So, come on, Nymphadora, who are you going with?" sneered Avalanti, blocking her way. Tonks' hair turned orange. God she hated that name. "I'm not going. Not that there's anyone I'd go with anyway." The girl laughed nastily and the remaining two girls cornered her beside a bed. "What about Remus, eh?" She smiled when Tonks' hair glowed pink. Avalanti laughed, "It's so obvious you like him." the girls laughed after her as she fled the room, running through Hogwarts' corridors, and not stopping until she reached Gryffindor's painting. "What happened?" asked Sirius, sitting in front of his cousin, who's hair was glowing pink. "I'm Embarrassed, why don't you ask my hair?" she pointed angrily to her head, tears in her pink eyes. Sirius sighed. "Who said something? Was it that girl again? Was she taking advantage of your…." He trailed off, gesturing towards her hair. Remus sighed and pulled a chair, facing her. "What did she say to embarrass you?" he asked. Tonks' hair glowed even brighter than before. "I'd prefer not to talk about it." She mumbled, hiding her blushing cheeks. Sirius pushed Remus back, putting his face inches from hers. "If you don't tell us we can't help-" "You aren't very sensitive are you?" Lily appeared, leaning against the doorway. "Go on, boys. Get out of here. Girl stuff." She pushed the boys into their room, and sat in front of Tonks. "Come on," she smiled, "What happened?" Lily looked thoughtful when Tonks finished her story. "Right," she murmured, "That is a huge problem. The best thing you could do is try and control you're feelings, try not to show them as easily." Lily smiled, "And this girl? She's just a coward if she uses your condition to intimidate you. she's just mean. Ignore her." There was a noise from the boys' room, and Lily put her ear to the door. She put a finger to her lips. Tonks laughed as Lily pulled open the door, Sirius collapsing onto the common room floor. "It's a good job these doors are soundproof from the outside, eh, Tonks?" she gave her a knowing smile, before going back to her room. "so, what was wrong?" Nymphadora shrugged. "Nothing for you boys to worry about." She winked to where Lily was peeking through her door, before leaving for Hufflepuff's headquarters. "So what was that thing with Tonks about?" asked James, the following day at breakfast. Lily sighed. "If Tonks wants to tell you, which I highly doubt, then she can." She smiled, "It's like, Girl Code not tell each other's secrets." She laughed as James and Sirius groaned loudly. Remus looked up from his book. "I hope Tonks is okay. That Avalanti girl needs putting in her place. Her taking advantage of Tonks makes me so… angry!" he slammed his hand on the table, making a few people stare. He blushed slightly. "Why are you so angry?" asked Sirius. Lily half-smiled, but no-one noticed as they were staring at Remus. He shrugged. "She's my friend. she doesn't deserve to be bullied just because she's a Metamorphmagus." He said quickly. James and Sirius shrugged and went back to eating, but Lily stared at Remus for a second. His cheeks were bright red. He couldn't…. could he? Sirius smiled mischievously. "What?" Lily asked, being dragged from her thoughts, Sirius winked at her, "I think that this is the perfect occasion for a… small prank…" he said, grinning. Tonks was walking to Dinner a week later when Sirius and James came up to her, grinning. "Don't eat your dinner," said James, "We're pulling a prank on Hufflepuff, Slytherin and the teachers. We didn't cast the spell on Gryffindor and Ravenclaw, but we couldn't single you out, so just say you aren't hungry." She rolled her eyes and shrugged. She was used to her cousin and his friends telling her not to do something. They were, after all, The Marauders, famous for causing havoc at Hogwarts. She sat beside Jessie, the only nice third year. She smiled. Did she really want her to get pranked? Yes. "Where's the food?" asked Avalanti. She looked at Tonks nastily. "I'm not hungry," she said to Jessie, who shrugged. Tonks turned to see that the whole Gryffindor table was grinning. When the food appeared, everyone tucked in except for Tonks. It was hilarious. "You made everyone's food taste like rubbish? That's so immature!" laughed Tonks, the day after. Lily nodded sadly as James and Sirius high-fived. "It was pretty funny though!" smiled Remus, making Tonks' heart flutter. He hair began to change to pink. "What?" she realised that Remus was stood beside her, and her eyes and hair were now pale pink. She shook her head, and the colour disappeared, going back to its normal purple. "Yeah, I guess. You ought to have seen Avalanti's face!" she smiled. Remus nodded and turned to Peter. They both peered over his shoulder to see that he was staring into his hand. "What are you doing?" asked Tonks. He looked up, surprised. "I'm reading my palm to see what happens. It says that I die pretty young, and that I don't have children." Sirius looked at him quizzically, before sighing and holding out his hand. "Here, since you asked." The group rolled their eyes. Sirius was such a drama queen. Peter peered into his hand. "It says that you die pretty young too. you don't get married or have kids either." Sirius smiled. "You're happy about that?" asked Lily, "Weirdo. Here, Peter, read mine." He took her hand, then said, "You die before me and Sirius, and you get married and have one child." James sighed loudly, and when Peter tried to grab his hand he pulled back. "I prefer to take life as it comes thanks." he smiled nervously. Remus laughed. James finally gave in, meaning that the whole group had had their palms read. "It's so weird that you four have the same thing, and we do." Sirius shook his head. Peter looked at the four's hand again, and did a double take. "Lily, you and James die the same age, same with Remus and Tonks. Like, literally on the same days." The group looked at each other worriedly. After a while Sirius laughed. "You're worse than Professor Celeste. She says that Pete's gonna kill himself, that I'm going to get eaten by some sort of vail and that Lily and James are going to die protecting a baby." This made Tonks laugh, which made Lily laugh, and in the end the Marauders were laughing their heads off beneath the Whomping Willow, just like always. Tonks sat on her own in most lessons. The teachers knew that the rest of Hufflepuff didn't really like her much, and that they tended to avoid her, so didn't think it fair that she was forced to sit next to someone who was afraid of her. She was staring into space, thinking about werewolves, when the teacher said, "Tonks, what do you think? Are werewolves dangerous or not?" the class looked at her. Of course she was given this question. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Avalanti smirk. "No, I most definitely do not think that werewolves are dangerous." Professor took a step towards her. "So what do you think they are like?"