Awkward Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight franchise. Though when you think about it, I've changed so much in this, I guess the only thing it really has in common with canon are the character names… Chapter One A/N - Gift fic for the awesome and amazing adVENTitiious ! Hope it's up to your standards! And just in case all you lovely readers didn't catch it in the summary, this is AH/AU and ALL characters in this story are OOC. You have been warned. Right, enjoy and do let me know what you think! :) "Are you sure about this?" Edward Masen-Cullen stood at the edge of First Beach, a full parking lot behind him, the patchy, scraggly grass beneath his white trainers scuffed from the many feet that had recently trampled through the area. His hands were stuffed in the pockets of his light-wash jeans and his green eyes surveyed the swaying bonfire in the distance warily, the numerous dark figures surrounding the dancing flames upping his trepidation. His question was swallowed by the wind blowing across the wet sand and turning the sea into choppy waves crashing against the shore. It really wasn't the best night to have a party on the beach, in his opinion. "Sure I'm sure about this. And so are you." A slight smile tugged at the corner of Edward's lips at the confident, upbeat statement. At least he didn't have to face this alone. No doubt that if he had had to, he wouldn't have even made it out of the house. The smile died at the thought, nerves making him shift on the spot, spear a hand through his thick, darkly red hair and tug at the bottom of his forest-green woollen sweater that, according to the girl next to him, made his eyes look so deeply green everyone would think he had gemstones instead of pupils. Of course, he'd pointed out that having gemstones instead of pupils really wouldn't be a good thing, would it, as how would he be able to see? That comment had earned him a groan and a smack in the shoulder, to which Edward had frowned in confusion and annoyance as he'd rubbed the bound-to-be-forming bruise. His best friend seemed to do that a lot around him. Groan and hit him, that is. He wasn't entirely sure why, though it probably had something to do with how literal and oftentimes analytical he was. Most jokes and common sayings flew right over his head. Laughter filtered across the beach, the punch of a bass underlying it, and Edward bit his bottom lip, wire-framed glasses slipping down his sweaty nose. There were a lot of people on the beach, Forks residences and La Push alike. People he hadn't seen in a year. People he wasn't sure he wanted to see. Edward swallowed and shifted from foot to foot, wanting nothing more than to turn around, get back in the car and retreat to safety. If it hadn't been for the fact that he knew he was there, and that there only had a couple of days before the new school year started, meaning he was very quickly running out of time… "So we going or what?" Oh yes. She wouldn't let him escape either, would she? "It's a high school party," Edward pointed out a little desperately, clearing his throat when his voice cracked. Jesus. He couldn't do this. "So?" came the answer, amusement in the tone, "it's not like there's going to be a college party in these parts anytime soon. And you know that there isn't just high school students down there." Edward shook his head and turned, his fingers tapping rapidly against his thigh in his pocket, and seeing the movement, Bella Swan turned as well, pushing back her long brown hair as it blew in her face. "The La Push kids don't like me," Edward said, words rushing from his mouth, "they never have. Well, it really only one person that definitely doesn't like me, but the others have never said anything different. I'm boring and weird and they won't want me there. It's best if we just go home. Let's go home, yes? It's too cold, and it won't be any fun, and-" A hand over his mouth halted his rambling. "Hey. Calm down. We're not here for the La Push kids. We're here for one reason and one reason only, and isn't that reason good enough to ignore the dickheads? Do you really want to leave now and regret it for the next year or quite possibly longer?" "No," Edward mumbled from behind her hand, shoulders sinking. Bella nodded and removed her gag, and her companion sighed and glanced over at the bonfire again, his gaze searching and stopping on honey-blond curls reflecting in the light of the fire. Though the rest of him was still in shadow, Edward had imagined running his fingers through that hair so often that he could pick his curls out even at a distance. He stomach knotted. "It's just… what of he laughs in my face?" "Is he the type of person who would do that?" "No," he murmured again, a thought niggling in the back of his brain that a kind rejection would somehow be worse than a cruel one. He rolled his shoulders against the thought and rocked back on his heels. "So what are you worried about? He's leaving in a few days, Edward, just like we are, so even if he does turn you down, you won't need to see him again. This is your last chance to act on something that you've wanted for seven years. It could be your only chance. Don't let fear make you waste it." Affection for his best friend and fellow MIT student bloomed in his chest, and taking strength from that, Edward straightened, turned to her again and blew out a breath. "Okay, you're right. We'll go to the party." "Yay!" Bella cheered, making Edward frown a little at her enthusiasm. "Let's get down there before you change your mind!" She grabbed his hand and tugged him down onto the beach, the soft sand pressing under the soles of their shoes. Her hand stayed wrapped firmly around his as they approached the group, and not for the first time Edward silently thanked whoever others chose to believe in that Bella had agreed to come stay with him and his family for the summer. He'd met the bright, chatty girl at the beginning of the year when he'd been given the wrong information and had ended up thinking her dorm room was his. Of course, he'd insisted his info couldn't be wrong, as it had been sent to him officially , and it was only after the mix-up had been cleared up that he had hot-tailed it out of her dorm with a red face and not a little irritation at a system that had failed him. Bella, however, had for some reason decided she'd liked him and had actively sort him out the following day. She'd kept seeking him out, constantly getting in his way, until he'd woken up one morning thinking that he really needed to tell her a story he'd thought she'd appreciate and realized that he considered her a friend. As the year had gone on, she'd gone from friend to best friend , something he'd never had before. He loved her. Platonically of course – a fact that had made her chuckle and pat his shoulder indulgently when he'd panicked one day and blurted that he was gay so couldn't possibly have sex with her – but he loved her all the same. They'd had a good summer. They'd spent much of it either relaxing at home watching movies, or being tourists in Port Angeles and Seattle, and they'd only gone into Forks occasionally when his mother had made them – or more accurately, made him. Edward hadn't had the best middle and high school experiences, so hadn't been all that sad to leave the small town and head to Massachusetts. He'd been quite content not to run into any of his old school mates over the summer. That is until Bella had found out about the crush Edward had had since he was twelve years old. Jasper Hale. The bonfire loomed in front of them and Edward's eyes sort out those honey curls again, his heart picking up speed. The man was standing back on the other side of the fire talking to Emmett McCarty, a red cup in his hand, looking as outrageously attractive as ever in dark, loose-fit Levi's and a faded blue sweatshirt. Jasper had lived across the road from Edward ever since Carlisle and Esme Cullen had adopted Edward and he'd moved into their home. His biological parents, Edward and Elizabeth Masen, had died when a bus had ploughed into their car when he was six. After that, he'd lived in a group foster home for five years and four months until he'd gotten on the wrong side of a couple of bullies and had ended up under Dr Carlisle Cullen's care in hospital as a result. He still didn't understand what he'd said to the boys to set them off, but then again, he didn't care all that much now either. It had gotten him a second set of parents who loved him and that was all that mattered. He'd first noticed Jasper a week after moving into the house. The boy had been sitting on his front step screwing a wheel back onto his skateboard, and his even-longer-back-then curls had been hanging in his face. Edward had cocked his head and stared, for some reason unable to help himself. Jasper must have sensed the attention because he'd looked up, and Edward had found himself looking into curious brown eyes, blond hair falling over his forehead and just brushing his eyelashes. For the first time in his life, Edward had felt a strange tingling tension in his stomach. When Jasper had gotten to his feet, his body stretching out, Edward's eyes had widened and the foreign tingle had grown. Heating and spreading, it had rushed through him, making it hard to breathe, and Edward had abruptly turned and fled back into the house, confused and a little frightened. His first ever wet dream that night hadn't helped that confusion at all. Despite a common first impression, Edward wasn't stupid. He'd known what it'd meant. He'd known what dreaming about a boy kissing him, a boy touching him, a boy putting his hands down his pants and feverishly stroking him had meant. But he was weird anyway, with being an orphan, and not understanding everyday humour, and really liking numbers and science and learning in general. He didn't want to add liking his own sex to the already long list. So he done his best to ignore both Jasper and those different feelings; feelings had had popped up whenever he'd seen his across-the-road neighbour, and feelings that had become impossible to deny when Edward had gone to high school and had been in the same educating system as two-years-older boy for the first time. Maybe it was the fact that Edward had been so standoffish with Jasper at first that had led to no familiarity developing between the two boys beyond being polite to the person you lived on the same street with, once Edward was in high school. Maybe it was the fact that Edward hadn't been popular at all, considered strange and a nerd by most of Forks High, while Jasper had been very popular. Maybe Jasper just hadn't liked him altogether. Whatever the reason, Edward's very few conversations with the other man had only ever consisted of small talk, stilted and forced by their parents during dinner invites. That was something Edward really, really wanted to change. Those different feelings had never gone away. Or to be more specific, those different feelings