Woohoo! Here is the start of the sequel! This chapter focuses a little on Faron's life between the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings, so if you haven't already, then I strongly suggest reading A Light in the Darkness before you continue, as that explains a lot more of Faron and her past! I really hope you all enjoy this! Seventy Seven Years As soon as I left Erebor the night of Dis's funeral, I made my way to Rivendell, the only place I knew I could find peace, solitude and safety. I kept myself to myself while I was there, often locking myself away in my room, not seeing anybody, not Elrond, his sons, no one. I was too consumed in my grief to care what was happening around me. This all changed a couple of weeks after when I met a young boy who would bring me such joy and hope. I was at the training area, practising my archery when I first met the lad. I had missed my target yet again, which was making me feel more frustrated by the minute. The only time I had missed anything was when Kili scared away the deer on our first hunt. I lowered my bow and closed my eyes as more memories of my family once again plagued my thoughts. "You are sad." A voice broke through my thoughts. I snapped my eyes open and looked around to see a human boy, ten maybe eleven years of age with black shaggy hair. He wore a brown tunic with black pants. I didn't recognise the boy at all. He just looked at me, waiting to hear my reply. I inclined my head once to confirm his statement. "Why are you sad?" he asks as he walks closer. I looked at the boy, who reminded me of a human version of Kili when he was that age. I sighed. "That is what heartache tends to do, young one. Make you sad." I answered as I went to retrieve my arrows. "Who did you lose?" I turned to him. "What makes you think I have lost someone?" "You look like my mama when she thinks of my papa. My papa died when I was small." My top lip quirked up slightly in amusement. "What is your name?" "Estel." The name clicked in my head. He was the child Elrond had taken in with his mother. Aragorn, son of Arathorn, Isildur's heir. Of course, the child knew none of this, and would not until he became of age. "Oh, of course. Elrond told me of a human child staying here. How old are you?" "I will be twelve in the summer." "You are very smart for your age." I said with a smile as I sat on the ground. Estel walked over and sat beside me. "What is your name?" "I am Faron." He looked to me in confusion for a moment. "Faron. . .weren't you with the dwarves last year?" I looked to him. "You knew we were here?" He nodded. "I wanted to meet you all but my mama wouldn't let me." I nodded in acknowledgement. "Yes. I was here with them." "Did you lose any of them?" I hesitated for a moment before I answered. "I did. Three of them. My father and my brothers." He goes quiet for a moment. "What happened to them?" I turned away and looked in the direction of Erebor. "There was a battle. . .a Battle of Five Armies. I fought side by die with my kin. . .all three were struck down. . .and then I recently lost my aunt, who died of a broken heart for her brother and sons." Estel looked at me for a moment before he reached forward and took my hand in his. I looked to him to see him have a sad expression on his little face. "When I would be sad for my papa, mama would always tell me, that the ones we love, will never truly leave us. As long as we keep them in our thoughts, our prayers and our hearts, They will never bee too far from us." I smiled at him. "Your mama sounds like a wise woman." He beamed with pride. "Oh, she is! Very wise!" I chuckled. "Thank you for coming to speak to me, Estel. I am very grateful for the company." He smiled. "It's okay. I'm just happy I could finally meet you." I smiled as I ruffled his hair before standing, bow in hand to try again. Notching an arrow to the bow, I pulled the string, eyed the target for a few moments before letting go. The arrow soared through the air and hit the centre target, making me smile. Who knew how much talking to a child would help ones emotions. "Wow. . ." the boy breathed in awe. "Can you teach me how to do that?" "Of course. But, I think you should use on of the small training bows." I replied as I picked up a small bow along with matching arrows. That was how I became friends with Aragorn son of Arathorn and from that day, I took over as his weapons tutor, teaching him all I knew in how to fight. I stayed in Rivendell for ten years after, training Estel, getting him prepared for the journey he would soon take. As soon as he turned twenty, Elrond had told Estel the truth of his heritage, of who he was and what he would become. It is safe to say that he was not too happy that he had been lied to by any of us. After he talked to all of us, and we assure him we kept it a secret for his own safety and there was no malicious intent, he soon forgave us and set off to start his journey. He travelled to the North to find the Dunedain and begin the next part of his training. After he left, I figured it was time for me to leave as well. I had been away from Erebor for ten long years, and Durin's Day would be in a few months. If I left now, I would arrive at the mountain in time for the celebrations, and that is what I did. After thanking Elrond for having me, and assuring him I would return, I left with Dala, the two of us making the long trip back to the Lonely Mountain. To say I was nervous would have been an understatement. I was terrified about going back. . .I knew Dwalin was going to kill me! It was a few days before Durin's Day when I stopped Dala and a hillside overlooking Dale and Erebor. My eyes filled with unshed tears as I saw Dale fully rebuilt and thrived as it used to many years ago. There was no sign of any kind of destruction that had took place when Smaug arrived. I squeezed my thighs against Dala, setting her into a run towards Erebor, I was excited to see the mountain once again. I was stopped at the gates by some unfamiliar dwarves. "Halt! State your name and your business elf!" "I am Faron, daughter of Thorin Oakenshield! I have come to see my kin!" "Let her pass!" A familiar voice boomed. The dwarves stepped aside and I smiled as Dain strode towards me. "Faron! Mahal's beard! Aren't you a sight for sore eyes!" I smiled as I dismounted Dala. "King Dain, I am happy to see you again." "Aye, I'm happy to see you too lass." He stepped forward and embraced me tight. I held him close, happy to be among dwarves once more. "You left without warning. . .we worried something had happened." I pulled away and looked to him. "I am truly sorry for making you worry. . .I just. . ." He stopped me by patting my hand. "There is no need to apologise lass. No one should go through what you went through. Where were you all these years?" "Rivendell. Lord Elrond had taken me in and helped me to recover." He nodded. "I am glad you have been safe." he then turned back to the dwarves. "One you of you go to the dwarves of the Company, tell them Faron is here." He bowed and turned to leave, but I stopped him. "No, no, it is alright. I will go to them." He nodded again. "Very well. I believe they are in your old quarters. Would you like me to escort you there?" I shook my head as I took my packs from Dala before she was taken to the stables. "No, it's alright." "As you wish, cousin. You will be staying for Durin's Day, yes?" I nodded. "I will." He smiled and embraced me once more. "It is good to have you back, lassie." I smiled as I pulled back and walked inside the mountain, having to stop for a few moments before I continued on. Erebor was finally back to how it was. . .no more rubble littered the ground, the smell of dragon, smoke and death was gone and in its stead was full of life and laughter. I smiled as dwarves walked by me, some gave me looks of mistrust while others smiled as they recognise me and welcomed me back. Dwarflings ran around, which was a pleasant sight to see. After a while of walking, I finally made it to the Royal Quarters and stopped outside my old door. I heard the sound of my dwarves inside. . .my family. I rose my hand and took a deep breath before I knocked. "Enter!" Balin's voice called out. I took another breath before I shakily opened the door and stepped inside, closing it behind me. The cries of surprise and a plate crashing to the stone ground were what greeted me. I looked up to see ten dwarves staring at me with wide, shocked eyes. Balin was the one who dropped the plate as a broken plate and biscuits littered the floor by his feet. "F-Faron?. . .it can't be. . ." he breathed. "It's me Balin. . .I have returned." Balin stepped forward, but before he could move anymore, someone grabbed hold of me and pushed me against the wall, his arm across my throat to keep me pinned "Dwalin!" the others shouted out. I opened my eyes and saw my uncle Dwalin stood there as he stared at me with such anger, hurt and fear that ran through his eyes. My heart broke to know that I cause this dwarf, one of the dwarves, beside my father, I idolized and wanted to be like such emotions. "What in Mahal's name were you thinking!? Bed empty! No note! Horse gone! Out of our minds with worry! No contact! Not even a letter to let us know you were safe! Of all the irresponsible things you could have-" He stopped as I sniffled and my shoulders shook with silent sobs. He removed his arm from my throat and put his hand to my face and lifted it so I wasn't looking at the floor. He paused as he saw the tears fall down my face. "Oh Faron. . ." he took my shoulders and pulled me to him. I fell to my knees and held him as tight as I could as I cried on his shoulder. I heard and the felt the others dwarves as they joined us as we all held each other. "I am sorry! I am so so sorry!" I cried. "I did not mean to make any of you worry! I just. . .I couldn't. . ." "We understand, lass." Bofur said as he rubbed my back. We just wished you would have come to one of us." "Aye, no one blames you for wanting to escape." Gloin agreed. "After losing Thorin, Fili and Kili and then Dis not long after. .