Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, or 'Better than Revenge' They belong to J.K. Rowling, and Taylor Swift respectively. *le sigh* But, I wish I did. The Rarest Type of Seer ~She's not a saint, and she's not what you think, she's an actress, whoa (Taylor Swift) Chapter 1 The blonde (it was more of a silver color, really) haired man let himself into the house that he had called a second home for the almost the last ten years. He was emotionally drained, physically tired, and in general at the end of his proverbial rope. He wanted – no, he needed the homey comforts of Potter Place. Malfoy Manor was a cold and unwelcoming place for the mood he was in and he knew, even if he only admitted it to himself, that his bleak mood would only become more depressed if he went there. Besides, there was the chance that his mother or grandmother, or worse both, might be there, and they would ask questions that he didn't feel the need to answer. It wasn't like they really cared anyway, they were just happy that Scorpius had found a way to bring their societal standings a bit more up to par. Not that his family's social standing had been the first thought in his mind when he had asked the red headed vixen out, but still, they would not be happy to find out that he had broken off his almost three year relationship. He tried not to focus on the fact that his pride was more hurt than his heart. He ignored the niggling memory in the back of his mind of James Potter standing in one of the corners in the living room of the Burrow with a little girl he had only seen a couple times before, shaking his head at him when Scorpius and SHE announced their new relationship. His frown deepened. The more he tried not to think about that particular memory, the more it stuck out in his mind. He didn't even know why either. It's not like anything exciting happened during it. He supposed that it had something to do with James actually showing something other than indifference to him. He usually didn't care about anything that Scorpius did. Normally the oldest Potter boy ignored Albus and his friends, happily keeping to his own little 'clique' in the family. What struck him the most about the memory though, was the little girl. She could not have been more than twelve or thirteen and she stood about a foot shorter than James. Her face was heart shaped and framed by very dark hair that was pushed back behind slightly pointed ears, showing off her green eyes. A very striking, pierce-you-through-the-soul-green. (He might have been being a bit dramatic, but he knew he had never seen eyes that color before. Not even Albus or Mr. Potter had eyes that green.) He supposed she was one of the many cousins, though he didn't know which one or who she might belong to. He had seen her before, whenever he came over, she could always be found with Molly Weasley and Lysander and Lorcan Scamander, and sometimes joined by Dominique. He never saw her talk to anybody else though, unless it was an adult, and even then, he didn't think he could think of a time he had actually seen that. So, for her to be standing next to James, looking like they were plotting the end of the world, was something of an anomaly. She whispered something to James, causing him to laugh loudly. She grinned at him and bounded off, however, not before he shot a knowing smirk at Scorpius. The strangest part of the whole ordeal, to Scorpius's mind anyway, was that Rose, who was happily clinging to his arm, seemed to tighten her grip making him wince in pain. It was almost as if she was scared of the other girl, but he shook that thought from his head and moved happily forward into the room, brushing the entire incident to the side. Now, however, as he made his way into his most favorite room in the Potter's house, he wondered at the memory. He supposed it was a nice distraction from his current issues. It was nice to focus on something besides betrayal. The family room/parlour had always been one of his favorite rooms in Potter Place. It was a large room decorated in mint green and off white tones. The large windows were draped with silk curtains that were always pulled open allowing the sunlight to filter into the room, causing it to look even bigger. There was a fireplace on the opposite wall from the door. On the mantle were snapshots of the Potters and their family and friends. Scorpius had felt very special the first time he realized there was a picture of himself up there. A matching couch, love seat and large two person chair sat in a semi-circle around a glass table giving an air of intimacy to the room. On the walls were large canvas paintings of far off places and abstract designs that made the mind wonder. Scorpius didn't know why, but he often found himself in this room whenever he was upset about something, or he simply just wanted to get away from Rose and Albus. They never wanted to be in this room, so it was a convenient place for him to hide out. It's not like they didn't know where to look if they really needed him. The one time he had actually mentioned how much he loved this room in front of Mr. and Mrs. Potter, the latter had grinned so wide, Scorpius thought her face might break. Mr. Potter had merely rose his eyebrow and grunted. But, whenever Scorpius would ask Al or Rose why they didn't like the room, Albus's eyes would become shuttered and he would change the subject quickly. Rose never deigned to answer, period. Whatever their reasoning, it didn't stop Scorpius from coming here when he needed to, and Mrs. Potter never stopped him. The Malfoy scion stopped short as he was about to cross the threshold of the room. The curtains were pulled back as they always were, letting in the winter sun, and there was a crackling fire in the fireplace. Since this room was so rarely used, Scorpius had not been expecting any of this. What really caught his attention though, was the girl sitting, curled up in the two person chair. Her dark red hair was pulled up into a messy updo, a colored pencil sticking through it. Her jean clad legs were curled under her in a criss-cross style. She wore a deep blue long sleeved jumper and she was focusing most intently on a book of some sort in her lap. The pencil she held in her left hand was flying across the page. He took note that a pair of blue platform combat boots were sitting on the floor neatly underneath the table. As he moved to the loveseat directly opposite the girl, he thought sardonically, 'Well, just make yourself at home, why don't you?' Of course, he immediately felt the irony of his thoughts since he had no idea who this girl was and for all he knew she could be James's latest girl of the month. Scorpius knew for a fact that the Potters were not expecting any visitors for the holidays. Not even Lily, which for some strange reason had upset Albus. It wasn't like he (read: Albus) had ever cared before, when Lily didn't come home for the holidays. Scorpius couldn't be sure, but he would swear Mystery Girl's lips curled into a smirk briefly, before falling back into a frown, as if she could hear his thoughts. The blonde flopped himself down on the loveseat, his grey eyes continuously studying the myriad of emotions that crossed over the girls face as she drew in her book furiously. She, however, studiously ignored him, which slightly irritated him, as he was not used to being ignored by anyone. He knew she had heard him come in the room; he had not been quiet when doing so. As he watched her face he caught hints of anger, confusion, and hurt. There was also an underlying sense of resignment. He had never been very good at reading other people's emotions; then again, most people he knew didn't wear their emotions on their sleeves. They sat in a companionable silence, her pencil flying across the paper and the fire crackling the only sounds in the room. He sighed deeply letting all his stress and worries of the past few days fall off his shoulders for the time being. Lying back in the chair, Scorpius decided it would be nice to just rest for a minute. He had not been getting the best sleep since the – incident. He missed the look of pure amusement that crossed over the girls face and the raised eyebrow that would have reminded him of the wizarding world's savior. Scorpius wasn't sure how long he had 'rested' his eyes before he heard a light, airy voice say, "If you were looking for Albus, he's upstairs in his room with Rose." He groaned in frustration as all his woes came back at once, hitting him like a brick wall. "And, I was having such a lovely lie down," he said bitterly. He sat forward and put his head in his hands rubbing furiously. When he looked up, he was met with a pair of amused green eyes looking at him curiously. It was the same striking, pierce-you-through-the-soul-green that he had seen almost three years ago. Scorpius had never understood the meaning of the word 'dumbstruck' until this very moment. "Um…, I – I'm not really here to see them," he began nervously. And then he wondered to himself about being nervous and why was he stuttering like a fool and why did he feel the need to explain his presence in being here to this little slip of a girl. She couldn't be more than fifteen, and really what the heck was she doing here at the Potter's house anyway ? He was about to voice these very questions when he was interrupted by Albus Potter, who stormed into the room with Rose Weasley on his heels. Al's face was a storm cloud of anger. His own green eyes flashing in irritation, and Scorpius had no doubt in his mind that whatever Albus was so upset over, it was all untruths told by Rose. Rose looked as if she had been crying her pretty brown eyes out. Her normally sleek brown hair was a mess and she was dressed in sweat pants and a t-shirt. Scorpius's heart would have gone out to her, if she hadn't brought this onto herself. He steeled his face into an emotionless mask and waited for the torrent that was Albus Potter to begin. The boy may have been an exact replica of his father, but he was definitely a Weasley. "WHAT THE HELL SCORPIUS! WHAT DID ROSE DO, THAT YOU HAD TO BE SUCH AN ASS TO HER!" He had been expecting something like this from Al, after all he was pretty protective of Rose, but he couldn't help but be just a little disappointed that Albus would automatically assume the worst of Scorpius. Plus, Albus and Scorpius always made it a point to stay out of each other's business when it came to the girls they were dating. He understood that this was Albus's cousin, but he felt that this really was none of Al's business. Especially since, Scorpius knew that everything Rose had told Al was a lie. It had to be; if Rose had told the truth then Al wouldn't be yelling at Scorpius, and Rose would be on the receiving end of Al's wrath. Well, maybe not his full wrath. It seemed that