Title: American Lieutenant in Middle Earth Summary: What would happen if a modern day American soldier was roughly thrown into Middle Earth? Spoilers: Material is borrowed from both book and movie sources. Disclaimer: I do not own The Lord of the Rings. It is the property of J.R.R. Tolkien and Houghton Mifflin Company. A/N: This is the better of two LotR fan fics I've written. This is my first posting on the site, so please be nice. Any helpful comments would be highly appreciated! A/N Edit 2012a.: This story was postponed indefinitely for several reasons. Back when I first wrote it, I was under the misguided impression that if people didn't like what they read, they would leave well enough alone. HAHAHAHA! Yeah. That happened, all right. So, some of those people reviewed in ways that at the time, yes, hurt my feelings a little bit. I lost my drive to finish this baby. Now, years later, I'm almost feeling like continuing, except for one humungous problem: I don't remember where I was going with the plot. For those who were interested in it, you have my deepest apologies. I should have kept writing for the people who did like my story, instead of meekly stepping down in favor of the few who openly voiced issues with my work. Unfortunately, I don't know where to proceed from here, other than to make small edits on what exists. A/N Edit 2012b.: Speaking of those who openly voiced their issues with my work. This A/N is addressing some of those by way of informing you of the changes I've made: Sam's last name is now Kaufmann. There was truth in the statement that her original last name was a poor choice, especially in lieu of the other fandom I chose to eventually write for. To the best of my knowledge, there are no famous Samantha Kaufmanns. Any resemblance to any such woman is purely coincidence. Sam makes a controversial statement. I did not change or delete it. I did, however, asterisk (*) it so that I may explain why she made the statement at the end of this chapter. I got reamed for placing women in open combat, which is not true to fact. This, too, I address at the end of the chapter. Chapter 1 ~ From Here to There ~ The desert silence was broken only by the crackle of a radio, the static of which almost seemed to blend with the wind. "Sierra One, this is Alpha. What is your location?" Lieutenant Samantha Kaufmann jumped at the sudden sound. Next to her, her teammate Captain Terry Roland shifted uneasily; they were out on a recon mission and they had no idea if any enemies were near their location. "About two clicks north northeast of the Iranian border," Lieutenant Colonel Jacobs rasped, which wasn't surprising, as they hadn't spoken for hours and were also trying to preserve their water supply. "Got it, Colonel. Keep us posted," replied the Alpha Base tech. "Yep." Jacobs turned his radio off and turned to speak to his team. Sam looked up nervously; she had that sickening feeling in the pit of her stomach that something bad would happen. "Okay, guys...and girls," he began. "That would be the conversation General Roberts told us to use as signal to head to the border. Now, we don't know where...or even if the enemy is near, so I want you guys to be extra alert." "Yes, sir," came the quiet chorus from the five subordinates. "Good. I'll take the point; Kelly, watch our six." Captain Sue Kelly, the second in command, quickly stood up. "Yes, Sir," she said hoarsely. The rest of the team stood up stiffly and began walking southwest toward the border. Sam was in the center with Sergeant William Harrison, while Lieutenant James Thompson watched the left side and Captain Roland on the right. Just sitting around in the desert, waiting for enemy fire to suddenly rain down on them had made the team paranoid. They jumped at the hiss of sand every time the wind would pick up again, and little mini sand tornados took on the illusion of someone running to fire at them. After about thirty minutes the heat and lack of water began to catch up to them, and even Jacobs began to lag. "Okay...fifteen minute break," he panted. Sam dropped down into the sand gratefully. The rest sat down a little more slowly. "First recons suck, don't they?" Roland smirked, turning toward her. "And the second, and the third, and the fourth, and-," put in Bill. "Shut it Harrison," Kelly growled. Sam smiled and nodded. She took as sip from her canteen and turned to glance at Jacobs, who had suddenly stood up. "Sir, what's-" began Roland, but she quickly stopped upon seeing the glare Jacobs was giving her. It was then that everyone else heard it. It was like a distant, shrill whistle, progressively getting closer. "Oh, crap!" Sam heard Kelly say, and glanced in the direction Kelly was looking. Her heart leapt into her throat. 'Well,' she thought, 'we don't have to worry about enemies surrounding us anymore.' What appeared to be a missile was heading in their general direction. When it landed, it would be close enough that the team would be killed in the aftershock. "Why the hell are they targeting the six of us!" shouted Jacobs angrily. "Why not aim for a bigger, better target! Scatter, spread out!" "Sir, it's useless," James pointed out despairingly. "That's an order Lieutenant! We will not go down watching that missile come to us while we stand frozen in terror!" shouted Jacobs, his eyes wild and spit flying from his mouth. Everyone reluctantly obeyed. Sam frantically scrambled up a dune as the shrill whistling, now more of a roar, got closer. She stopped and turned. None of her teammates were now visible from this half of the dune but the missile was disturbingly close. She stood ramrod still, and stared Death straight in the face. "I'm sorry, Sir," she whispered, "but I will not die running from Death." The missile struck somewhere in front of her. As the shockwave hit her, she screamed as she felt herself being torn apart but it was drowned out by the tremendous roar from the wave. Sam gasped and woke up. She felt like she had been pummeled extremely roughly; everywhere was sore. She blearily opened her eyes but quickly shut them in an attempt to darken the incredibly bright sun. It also took her a moment to realize that she was lying on her back, on her survival pack, which was very uncomfortable. She rolled onto her side and gasped at the pain that wracked her body in waves. 'Nothing feels broken,' she thought, 'just severely beat up.' When she opened her eyes again, the sun wasn't as bright, so she began to observe her surroundings. 'Okay...this isn't Heaven...or Hell,' she observed in confusion. Her first clue was that she was in a mountainous region and no gates (from either place) were anywhere. Her second clue was that she hadn't walked any tunnels with bright lights at the end. She tried to stand up, but pain lanced through her legs and shoulders. Determined, she took her pack off and then tried standing. It wasn't as unbearable without her bag. Next she tried walking, first slowly, then quicker as she became more confident that her legs wouldn't give out. Triumphantly, she walked over to her pack and grabbed her canteen and blanket. She took a drink from her canteen and put it back before wrapping herself in the blanket and managing to put her pack over one shoulder. 'Shit,' she thought, 'Where do I go?' If the others were here, then they may have been out as long as she was...however long that had been. "Colonel!" she cried. "Captains Kelly, Roland! James! Harrison, I'm over here!" The only response she got was startled blackbirds taking off. "Someone!" she called, beginning to despair. The wind was beginning to cut through her blanket and the cold that seeped into her bones caused her to realize she had just been in a desert when a missile supposedly killed her, and now she was on a mountain...a very cold mountain. She quickly turned as she heard what sounded like...hoof beats? It also then occurred to her that she was on a stone road. Out of instinct, she hurtled herself closer to the side of the mountain, causing more waves of pain. She gave a sharp gasp as a group of about five people rounded the corner and all she could do was stare at them dumbly. At the head was a long-haired, blonde man, who instantly dismounted on seeing her on the ground. "Are you the one who shouted?" he demanded sharply. Sam found her voice. "I-I...my team...the enemy fired a missile at us and it landed. I'm trying to find my team. If I'm a-alive th-then they have to be...to be too," she rambled. The man looked at her with a slightly concerned look on his face. "And who fired the...missile?" he asked doubtfully. "The I-Iranians. Please...I have to find the rest of my team." She looked at him pleadingly. It never occurred to her that she might not be speaking to a friend, but she was so desperate to prove that this was some nightmare the night before her recon mission even started. The man turned and said something to one of his comrades in a strange language she couldn't place and picked her up. She gasped and began to protest. "I'm perfectly capable of walking by myself." He ignored her and put her behind his saddle and swung up in front of her. "Hey! Where the hell are you taking me!" she demanded. "Quiet," hissed the man, "lest you alert any enemies to our whereabouts." The party walked on again. "Well, then, you can tell me whether you're good guys or bad," Sam demanded in a quieter tone. Regardless of whose side these people were on, she didn't want to be killed in any crossfires she had caused. The man took a second to answer, which made Sam instantly suspicious. "We are not servants of the Dark Lord, if that is what you mean," he finally answered. "Dark Lord?" Sam said incredulously. Now she was sure this was a dream, or some twisted torture that the Iranians had concocted. Then a thought occurred to her: he obviously figured that she didn't serve this Dark Lord so she was willing to build a minimum amount of trust. "Yes!" he hissed impatiently. 'Well so-rry,' she thought sarcastically. "So do you think I work for this-this Dark Lord?" she asked. "I would have more than likely slain you on spot if I had. You are obviously not an orc, nor do you bear any major similarities to one of the Haradrim. You closer resemble a person of Gondor, but I have yet to see a woman fight for the Gondorian army, and wear something such as you are," he replied. 'Oh, sexist are we,' thought Sam. "Uh huh. And you are?" she heard some shifting behind her, but she was beginning to get a migraine, as her eyes were still sun-sensitive, and she didn't want to partially turn and strain her eyes anymore. "I am Prince Legolas of Mirkwood," the man-Legolas-replied. 'Prince Legolas? That doesn't sound Iranian to me, and besides that, he's speaking fluent English. Well, if we're using titles...' "I'm Lieutenant Samantha Kaufmann," she returned. "But I'm usually called Sam." "That isn't a name from any place here that I know of. Where are you from?" "I'm American." When he didn't answer and it became slightly tense, she continued, "Um, and if my geography is right, America is west of here." The tension eased up somewhat. After an awkward silence, Sam asked, "Wh-what time is it?" The numbers on her watch were blinking and the