A/N: Hello! Thanks for checking out my story. It is a Dramione marriage-law fic taking placing directly after HBP. Disclaimer: All rights to J.K. Rowling for material used from Harry Potter in this and future chapters. Chapter One – Departures, Delays, &DADA Hermione was roused by frantic voices and her mind registered that something was terribly wrong. She grabbed her wand and bolted out of bed. "What's going on?" she asked. Ginny did not respond she just followed Hermione out of the room and down the stairs. "They're gone," she heard Mrs. Weasley sob from the kitchen, "oh Arthur they're going to be killed! And I'm never going to…" She broke down completely and tears trickled down her face. There were other voices too, all speaking in hushed tones, but when Hermione and Ginny entered the kitchen they were met with complete silence. "Hermione!" Lupin said sharply. He hesitated for a moment, and Hermione's heart raced in dreadful anticipation. After an unbearable silence, he added: "You didn't go with them?" It all clicked into place, and Hermione's heart stopped as she realized that Harry and Ron had left without her. They had abandoned her to search for the Horcruxes. Her eyes began to burn. She let the tears fall and slid down the wall onto the floor pulling her knees towards her chest. "They left…without me," she gasped, "oh my God." No one said a word. They just stood there watching as Hermione broke down slowly and Mrs. Weasley continued to sob. After a long while the crack of apparition disrupted their shock. Hermione looked towards the door and saw Mad-Eye approaching quickly and furiously. "Order meeting now! Everyone else OUT!" He bellowed this so loudly that even the twins exited without complaint. Ginny grabbed Hermione's arm and struggled to pull her out, but Moody stopped her. "Granger stays here." Ginny paused glancing from Moody to Hermione before departing silently. Hermione was still on the floor, but she heard chairs being scraped across the floor as everyone took their seats. Mr. Weasley approached her and helped her to the table. She numbly recognized the other members that were present: Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, Lupin, Moody, Tonks, Bill, Charlie, and Kingsley Shacklebolt, who had arrived with Moody. "Constant Vigilance!" Moody roared, and the entire table flinched. "Really Mad-Eye," Tonks protested, "we all knew he wanted to leave; this wasn't unexpected." "So you should have been prepared," Moody snapped. He waited a moment to catch his breath before turning to Hermione. "Where have they gone?" "I don't know," she responded honestly. She knew what was coming, and dreaded it. "What are they doing?" "You know I'm not going to tell you," Hermione responded, her voice strengthening slightly. Moody looked livid, his hand were clenched into fists at his sides and his face was slowly turning a vibrant shade a red. "Hermione, Harry and Ron are putting themselves in great danger and we only want to help them. I know you want what's best for them, too," Lupin said calmly in an attempt to persuade her. "I'm sorry, Professor Lupin," Hermione replied, "but you all know that Dumbledore left Harry a mission and he wanted it to be kept secret." Lupin seemed unsurprised, but Moody continued to fume. "See here, Miss Granger," he barked, "Potter is a seventeen year old boy, he is not prepared-" "Don't you dare tell me that Harry is not qualified!" Hermione cut in shrilly. She stood up and smacked her palms down against the table. "Harry, Ron, and I have been in this fight since we were eleven. We stopped You-Know-Who from getting the Philosopher's Stone. Harry dueled with him when he returned. We all fought in the Ministry to protect the precious prophecy," she spat with her face twisted in anger, "and Harry was with Dumbledore the night he died." She paused for a moment, and was met by silence and grave faces. Everyone seemed mildly impressed and shocked by her outburst except for Mad-Eye Moody. "I'm not questioning Potter's accomplishments," Moody growled, "But the wizarding world is depending on him and running away just to end up dead is not bravery." "He is not running away!" Hermione shouted. "Then why didn't he bring you with him?" Moody responded. The table was silent and Hermione's jaw dropped at his cruel tactic. "Alastor, that was uncalled for," Mr. Weasley said quietly. "Maybe it was Arthur," Moody responded briskly, "but Potter is our best bet and Miss Granger is our only chance of saving him. Now if she refuses to tell us anything I happen to have some Veritaserum on me." Hermione still did not respond. She remained standing with her eyes brimming with tears of anger and frustration. "No, Alastor," warned Kingsley, his deep voice calming Hermione, if only momentarily. She took a deep breath and removed herself from the table. Moody looked disappointed. "Hermione, you should go get ready. We don't want to miss the train," Mr. Weasley said quietly. Hermione nodded and left the kitchen. She had her foot on the first stair when she hesitated. She snuck back to the door and carefully pressed her ear against it. She knew it was something Harry would have done and that thought reassured her slightly. "-in shock, she definitely doesn't know where they are. If they left without her they wouldn't have told her where they were going," Bill said. "I don't understand why they would leave her behind, it doesn't make sense." "Oh, yes it does," Moody's voice had a bitter edge to it, "I left an advanced copy of today's Prophet here yesterday. I'm betting Potter got his hands on it and if he read the front page he would have realized he couldn't bring her along." His words were met with silence and a confused Hermione was about to leave when Mrs. Weasley spoke. Her voice was clearer now, "I still wish they could have taken her, at least then I could have a little more peace of mind. We can't deny she is the smartest and the least rash. She would have tried to keep them out of too much trouble. "Is there any news on the new Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher?" Charlie asked, breaking the long silence. "No, the Ministry is keeping their mouth shut for once," Moody grumbled. "But it is not going to be pleasant. They are still angry that Minerva was appointed Headmistress." "Who did they expect?" "They were pushing for Snape," Moody answered darkly. "I don't know why; they are gaining enough control with this new law." Hermione's mind raced with curiosity, but she heard the chairs moving again so she quietly hurried upstairs. The morning passed in a haze for Hermione. She dressed, loaded her trunk into the car with Crookshanks safely tucked away in his basket, ate breakfast, and before she knew it she was facing platform 9¾. It had been an unusually quiet journey. Moody, Kingsley, and Lupin decided not to escort them to the station to avoid drawing attention to Harry and Ron's absence. No one said a word to Hermione throughout the journey, but Ginny kept shooting her worried glances while she chatted with Charlie. Once they were on the platform, Hermione pulled herself together. I'm going back to Hogwarts. That's not a bad thing. I love Hogwarts…it's just unexpected. I was supposed to be with Harry and Ron. Mrs. Weasley pulled Hermione out of her thoughts and into a warm embrace, whispering reassuringly: "everything will work out dear, they just wanted to keep you safe." Mr. Weasley patted her shoulder and smiled at her, before kissing his youngest daughter goodbye. The atmosphere on the train was different than Hermione remembered. Students were clustered small groups whispering and more often than not there was a copy of the Daily Prophet amongst them. Hermione tried to glance at the paper as she searched for a compartment with Ginny, but she could not catch any headlines. She did, however, overhear part of the discussions. "The Ministry!" "It couldn't be…" "Did you hear?" "New law…" "It just passed." Hermione slid into an empty compartment with Ginny at her heels. As soon as the door was shut behind them, Ginny locked the door magically and cast muffliato . "Tell me everything," she demanded. Hermione was unsure what to tell her at first, but she finally understood how frustrated Ginny was with being kept in the dark. So she told her everything, with slight modifications to exclude the Horcruxes, but Ginny did not pressure her for information on Harry's mission. "So the Order knew about this new law," Ginny muttered, taking her eyes off Hermione for the first time since their discussion began. "I'll be right back, I'm going to find a copy of the Prophet, " she announced. Hermione waited impatiently and began pacing the compartment, fretting over Harry and Ron, and whatever horrible new law the Ministry was putting into effect. Luckily for Hermione they had chosen a compartment at the end of the train so no one interrupted Hermione's agitated pacing. About five minutes later the compartment door slid open and Hermione looked up anxiously hoping that Ginny had returned, but it was Neville. "Hullo Hermione," he greeted, taking the seat nearest to the door. His smile was warm, but slightly sympathetic, and Hermione realized immediately that he knew about Harry and Ron. The train started moving, and Hermione stopped her pacing automatically. She took the seat next to the window and looked out hopelessly, wondering where her boys could be. "Wait isn't the Head Girl supposed to give the speech to the new prefects?" Neville asked suddenly, peering at her Muggle sweater looking for the Head Girl badge. "I'm not Head Girl," Hermione said aloud, realizing that she had not given the position a second thought since she was not planning on attending Hogwarts for her seventh year. Hermione thought back to the day when she, Harry, and Ron received their letters. There was no badge, no letter outlining her responsibilities, nothing, and she had not even thought twice about it. "I'm sorry," Neville apologized quickly. "I thought it would be you for sure…" He trailed off uncertainly. Luna chose that moment to wander into their compartment. She looked as unusual as ever with her butterbeer cork necklace, radish earrings, and a pair of Spectrespecs pushed back into her hair. "Do you know who the Head Boy is?" Hermione asked casually. The loss of the Head Girl badge did not seem so important after she had lost her two closest friends. "Ernie MacMillan," he replied. "The Head Girl is Padma Patil," Luna commented while examining the door with her Spectrespecs. "Everyone thought it was going to be you Hermione, but I'm not surprised. All those Nargles around Harry Potter were bound to affect you sooner or later." Hermione gawked at her, and Neville smiled sheepishly, but Luna did not seem to notice their attention. Ginny opened the door and slammed it behind her. "You're not going to believe this," she said throwing the paper into Hermione's lap. " New Minister of Magic passes law to 'promote' marriage ," Hermione read aloud as Neville and Ginny moved closer to read the rest of the article. New Minister of Magic Passes Law to Promote Marriage At midnight the Matched Matrimony Law was officially documented and immediately put into effect. The law requires that all eligible witches and wizards aged seventeen to forty engage in Ministry approved matrimony by their specified deadline. Paperwork will be sent to all those affected later this week outlining each individuals options and responsibilities. " This law is designed to ensure the continuation of the magical community. By matching candidates through our selection process this generation of wizards and witches will thrive in their approved matches," our new Minister of Magic, Pius Thicknesse, commented this morning. It appears that all those eligible are placed into the selection process and matched