This is a Hunger Games story were all the characters are created by me. I wrote it a long time ago but I am rewriting it and publishing it here. I did publish it a few days ago but I thought, why not have some fun? I hope you enjoy. I have up to the bloodbath finished so updates will be super fast. I do have a SYOT called Invictus-Dawn of a New Game. Check it out if you have a free moment :) For the rules of the Games: The night before, the unknowing tributes will be put in pairs. The males will have to pick one female from the group they want to 'couple' with. They will be expected to start a romance with this female tribute. If one of the pairs dies, the surviving one has 4 hours to convince a male/female to couple with them (can be the same sex) or face their tracker blowing up while in their blood stream. If a couple makes it to the end, the female gets a choice, allow her male to win along with her but face marriage to him or kill him and leave a free woman. The tributes have no clue about this twist. Chapter 1: Mambo Number 5-D1-5 "During the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss died in the bloodbath so the rebellion never got the spark it needed. The Games continued and now everything is ready for 'The 80th Annual Hunger'. The tributes have been reaped and the Arena is ready so just one thing is left unanswered, who will win this time around? A story that follows the narratives of twenty-four characters so come read, pick your favorite and see how they do in his Game of life and death." Alexandrite Musgravite, aged 18, District 1: I had to be silent, my life depended on it. I slowed my breathing, my chest only making the slightest movement as did so. My green eyes were trained on the wooden floor in front of me as they waited for anything to happen. I brought my sword up to my chest, the cold metal touching the skin my vest top left exposed as I crouched down lower behind the wooden crate. My red hair, despite being tied back out the way, was sticking to my back and shoulders with sweat and my top was drenched. My body tensed as I heard the ever familiar hum of my victim cutting through the humid air as it came closer. I smiled softly as I turned my body towards the opening, my right leg turning with it while my left leg dragged behind, slightly outstretched. I held my sword out in front of me in the defensive stance I had been taught. Everything I had worked for all came down to this. As soon as the shadow of a human-like figure came into view, I knew they were close enough. I flung myself forward, my left leg pushing me off while my right foot impacted the ground and turned my body towards my victim. I let out a battle cry as I swung my left hand back before quickly swinging it forward, the sword it held cutting through the air, not even the force from it impacting the neck could stop it. I sliced through it like it was butter. I spun round on my right foot to see my handy work as the lights turned on and the beeper sounded. In front of me lay the dummy's head, far away from the body that was attached to the small mechanical runner. My pride was shattered when I looked closer at what was stuck in the head. A small, metallic knife. "Painite!" I screamed, throwing my sword to the floor in anger. "Looks like I got the kill this time sweet cheeks," he sang as he skipped up behind me, his strawberry blonde curls bouncing with each movement. He was dressed in a sharp, black suit with a silver band around his wrists that was covered in Painite stones. Being the son of a Victor did get you the finer things in life. "You ruined my training time you jerk!" I squealed as I slapped by hand across his chest, picked up my sword and walked away from the laughing baboon. He quickly runs after me, his brown eyes sparkling with pride. He would find this funny. "Well you see," He said as he jumped in front of me, his index finger pressed to his cheek as if he was in deep thought. "This isn't timetabled and if I remember the wise old words of twelve-year-old Alexandrite, that means it doesn't exist so this is also my training time which means that is my kill," he smirked as he bopped me on the nose before turning round and doing a victory dance. I did not know what was scarier, the twerking of the fact he was going to be on live TV in a few hours. "Are you honestly always like this?" I sighed as crossed my arms in front of my chest. Painite looked at me silently for a few seconds, I could see the cogs turning in his head, before a smug smirk formed on his face. "Not Fridays," I raised my brow at his strange answer but he must have taken it as me begging for him to continue. "On Fridays, I like to put on women's clothing and become a stripper named Glamour," He looked at his nails like he was studying a hairline fracture in them. "It's a hard life and the money is weak," He choked, fake tears as he fell to the floor in crippling sadness. "You should become an actor Miss Glamour" I sighed as I pushed passed him and walked towards the weapons stand. "I might pick it as my talent when I win," "If," I corrected him. "You're not going to the reaping dressed like that, are you?" he said, gesturing towards my training outfit, a white jumper with brown cloth pants and leather boots. "Yep, I will have my time in the Capitol to play dress up. For now, I just want to feel comfortable," it might have seemed odd to some people that my main concern about going into the games was the fact they would change who I was. I didn't want to be molded into some pretty girl who blushed whenever a man winked at her. I wanted to be me. "Fair enough," He said with a shrug. "Your mother won't be pleased with you though," he sighed, his head shaking slightly as he leaned against the weapons locker I was placing my weapon in. "She never is," I scoffed as I walked away towards the light switch. "She will be when she sees how amazing you are in that arena," He sighed through a sincere smile. He was an annoying idiot ninety percent of the time but these rare moments is what stops me from killing him. However, as if wanting to break the happiness, his smile morphed into one of a hyperactive child as he bounded out the door, shouting a goodbye as he did so. The idea of him killing anyone seemed alien to me and I wasn't sure I wanted him to turn into a killer. As much as it pained me, I liked goofy Painite, I didn't want him to change either. Lime Louis, aged 18, District 2: "You look like someone has tried to make a tramp look like a princess," I said to Jean as he sat down next to me, a beaming smile on my face. Jean stiffened up at my words, his mouth swung open and small noises squeaked from his throat as he attempted to form a word. "I don't mean that in a hurtful way," I spat out. When he did not react, I quickly stood up I walked off towards the table full of sweets. My hand ran through my brown hair as I mentally slapped myself, I needed Jean as an ally and if I carried on like that, he was going to hate me and turn on me in the bloodbath. "M-my mother stayed up all month making his suit for me...she put a lot of work into it," I turned round to him and I felt like just jumping out the train window. His eyes were cast down to his token, deep in thought, most likely about his mom. Most careers' got given expensive tokens like my golden ring with a limestone middle. Jean had a simple piece of paper to remind him of home, a drawing he had made of his dog. I scoffed at first, the idea of such a puny token seeming foolish but it must have meant so much to him. He wanted that drawing to be the last thing he saw in his final moments and deep down, I understood how important that was. "I wasn't talking about your suit, that's beautiful, I was talking about your hair and facial hair," I said softly as I gestured towards his messy, overgrown black facial hair. He just shrugged, folding the paper up and putting in his pants pocket. "Do you still want to ally with me?" I whispered to the tall boy, his brown eyes looking into my blue once with hurt before turning and looking out to the world zooming past the window. "It's District Two tradition for the tributes to ally so until given a solid reason not to, you are my ally," he said in a monotone voice, his eyes briefly glancing at me to see my reaction. A smiled exploded on my face and I felt like jumping on him and hugging him out of pure joy. He was still willing to accept me, the outcast back home, the friend no one wanted. It made me feel warm inside like I belonged. Even if I was a trained killer, It was nice to be accepted but I still worried Jean was doing it so he could kill me easier later on. No, that was dumb, Jean wasn't like that, he was a nice guy and if he killed me, it would be for a good reason. However, I still couldn't shift the thought. "So what do you think of our potential allies from four and one?" I sang as I bounded over to the chair opposite him and jumped on it in excitement earning a raised eyebrow from him. He turned his body away from the window and towards me, placing his arms on his knees and leaning closer towards me. I took the hint and moved closer to him as if he was telling me a secret. "The guys from one look strong, they hold their posture correctly and their bodies look well built so strong contenders...most likely best to let one of them lead, I would have to meet them to determine if they would betray us," He whispered, tapping his nails on the table with each syllable, it was a cute but noisy and an annoying habit. "The two from four" he groaned, scratching his temple in annoyance. "They clearly are not the most trained, their posture was all wrong and I can tell they are not as good as they put forward...a good career holds himself high, has respect and knows how to get the audience on their side, they did none of that, they just screamed the fact their ego was too big," He sighed, moving his hand back to the table, it was only then that I noticed his index finger was missing, the stump wrapped in white bandages. "So are we going to let them in?" I said softly, my blue eye wide in shock that he got that much from a reaping. "Well, it would be up to the other two but I say that assuming they do get in, if you have the chance to end