For Everyone Reading This Now, PLEASE READ THIS NOTE BEFORE CONTINUING! I am taking over a couple of stories from Trey Miller WITH PERMISSION. Link to his profile on my profile. I am taking his story and continuing onward. In the chapters he has written, I will only be editing a few part. Nothing major will be changed. Now, I am continuing these stories. If you look at my profile, you will see that I have not done this before to actually allow someone to read myy work. I am only one person doing the writing and editting so I am only one person. If you wish to leave a review on suggestions or questions I will be more than happy to read and continue onward to with the story. If you leave a review that is rude or abusive, then I will stop and not continue. I am writing from my heart and imagination NOT getting paid for this. It's all just for fun for me to help me grow as a writer. Now the reason why I am leaving the notes from Trey is because they (I believe) add character and give a bit of humor. Also the warning is here due to I have seen other authors go above and beyond with their writing and then someone leaves a rude/abusive review. ALL AUTHORS ARE DOING THIS FOR THEIR ENJOYMENT AND WE DON'T GET PAID FOR THE SASS THAT SOME PEOPLE JUST DECIDE TO SPEW OUT. Now if this warning has made you not want to read on then that is that and I hope you enjoy your day. Everyone else, I hope you truly enjoy the story from the both of us! Chapter 1: First Adoption Harry Potter: The Revision of Fate Fanfic by: Trey Miller Disclaimer: If you recognize something in here, it's more than likely owned by JKR. Some of the ideas within this story come from some I've read; some are also semi-original (IOW, not seen often). AN: This is currently a trial story, but it's a storyline that I'm quite interested in expanding on. A bit of background as to why I'm posting just this little bit first... this is something that my muses have been bugging me with for the past two weeks during work hours. And it got kinda annoying walking around telling myself this, so I finally started writing it down. I don't know how long or where this story is gonna go. I've talked my way through prolly the first four or five chapters, depending on how I cut them and how I flesh them out, so who knows, perhaps this will go somewhere. As for pairings, well, there are none currently. This is Pre-Hogwarts and First Year, so that should explain the lack of pairings. Chapter One: First Adoption June 16, 1991 Chapter One: First Adoption At an even 6 feet in height, Mr. Hershey Kellogg was a man of few words- polite, but few indeed. He always wore the best Italian suits. He was always clean shaven. His black hair, while shoulder length, was kept pulled back in a ponytail and tied by a strip of silk that matched the color of whatever suit he wore that day. His physique was cultured, as he was routinely mistaken for a fencer or a swimmer, even though he had never picked up a sword before; nor had he ever been swimming. His dark green eyes sparkled as did his perfect white teeth, and his white skin, while not bronzed with a tan, was a healthy hue that showed very few visible flaws. Said flaws were wrinkles that actually accented his face and gave him an older look. There were a few problems with Mr. Hershey Kellogg. The largest problem was, that no matter what government you checked with, there were no records of a Mr. Hershey Kellogg, multimillionaire. The Americans did not know him. The Brits did not know him. Nor did the Germans, the Italians, the French, the Russians, none of the middle eastern nations, nor the far east nations, nor the African nations, nor the Aussies, or any of the thousand island nations. Mr. Hershey Kellogg simply did not exist. On top of that, Mr. Hershey Kellogg knew things he couldn't. He did things he should not have been able to do. Mr Hershey Kellogg was an enigma. And yet Mr. Hershey Kellogg, knowing that he did not exist in the eyes of any government, was found knocking on the door of Number 4 Privet Drive, Surrey, on June 16, 1991 at 9:00 AM. He winced as he heard a roar from within of: "GET THE DOOR, BOY!", followed by a lowered voice saying something about "Worthless boy", and "More punishment later". A second later, the door was opened by a small boy with unruly black hair, emerald green eyes hidden behind large plastic framed glasses. The boy's facial expression went from politeness to open happiness as he opened the door a bit wider. "Mr. Kellogg! What are you doing here?" Mr. Kellogg smiled down at the boy, "Mr. Harry Potter, I've told you before that my friends all call me 'Kel'. And I do consider you to be a friend. As to why I'm here, I've actually got a proposition for your uncle." Harry Potter, known to the wizarding world as The-Boy-Who-Lived (though he supposedly would not find this out for another fifteen days or so) smiled up at him and opened the door wider so that the older man who had became his friend could enter. Vernon Dursley wobbled into the foyer and growled at Harry, "Well Boy, who was it?" Kel, as was his nickname cleared his throat and stepped forward. "Mr Dursley, I'm Hershey Kellogg, an acquaintance of your nephew." Vernon's attention turned to the man standing there and he blinked twice before gathering his wits. He gave Kel a once over and his eyes widened as he recognized that the suit he was wearing was obviously very expensive. "Mr. Kellogg! I'm Vernon Dursley! What has the boy done this time?" He scowled at Harry who cowered away in fear. "Oh, nothing whatsoever," stated Kel with a smile, "Mr. Potter here was more than happy to show me around the neighborhood a few days ago. He wouldn't even take the money I offered to him for giving me a tour." Vernon's mind whirled as he tried to play the part of the loving uncle. "Well, yes, we've taught young Harry to do such acts out of the goodness of his heart!" Kel nodded as if he believed him, "Yes, that's what I surmised from his politeness. But anyway, this is not the reason I came by here. Is there anywhere we can sit and talk, Mr. Dursley?" Vernon directed Kel to the living room and sat down heavily in his chair. Kel sat down in one of the other chairs and looked at Vernon. "Now, as to the reason I came here today, Mr. Dursley... Young Harry is an extremely smart boy, and, well, allow me to get to the point. Mr. Dursley, I'm offering you $15,000 American to adopt Harry. Harry gasped as did Vernon Dursley. With a glance at Harry, Vernon turned back to Kel with a greedy grin, "Do you have the adoption papers and whatever else?" Kel nodded and pulled from within his suit jacket a stack of papers and handed them to Vernon silently. The first was an adoption form for Harry James Potter to be adopted by Hershey Kellogg, as well as four copies of the same form. The rest was a contract that stated Hershey Kellogg would pay them $15,000 American for the adoption, as well as a few rules that were in place governing both parties. Vernon looked up at Kel, confused, "What does it mean by these clauses?" Kel smiled wanly, "The first merely states that at no time may I find fault in Mr. Potter, bring him back and get my money back. In other words, I can't return him if I don't like him later. The second one is pretty much for you to swear that you, your wife, or your son, or anyone hired by you can not come find me and take back Harry." He leaned back, "This makes it so that on the oft chance that you later decide you want him back, you can't. I'm planning on taking him to another country with me, and this clause makes it so that you won't waste money on legalities." Vernon cleared his throat and said rather gleefully, "Oh, I understand now! Yes, that will work out nicely. Very smart of you, Mr. Kellogg." He signed both the adoption form and the other legal forms and handed them to Mr. Kellogg who quickly put them in a pocket inside his suit jacket. Kel noticed that Vernon, in his glee, did not notice either the dull flash of light from the forms, nor did he notice the dull glow and tingle between him and Harry Potter. Young Harry was watching everything, his face a mixture of joy and his own glee. He looked at Kel in the eye and grin brightly, and Kel had to grin back at the young boy. Vernon grinned also, but for a different reason. "So when should I be getting my money, Mr. Kellogg?" Key smiled and looked around, "May I use your phone, Mr. Dursley?" "Of course! Boy, show him where it is!" Kel stood and followed Harry out of the room, leaving Vernon Dursley sitting in the living room, a grin on his obese face. Once they were in the kitchen, Harry turned to Kel and frowned worriedly, "This wasn't in the plan... So what are we going to do, Brukel?" Kel smirked and his form rippled, being replaced with a short and squat being that only came up to Harry's chest. And there, in vivid color and substance was the reason why there was no record of Hershey Kellogg across the world. Hershey Kellogg was the alias used by the son of the Chief Financial Goblin of the Diagon Alley branch of Gringotts, Brukel. Brukel's smirk did not go away, even in his natural form. "We shall pay it, of course. It was a magical binding contract between you and he." Harry looked at him shrewdly, "Perhaps, but I don't have access to fifteen grand." He paused as the smirk grew bigger, "Do I?" Brukel grinned toothily, "Harry, $15,000 won't even put a dent in the interest you gain in a week just in your trust account." Harry blinked and said, "Oh." He paused for a moment in thought, "I didn't know I had that much in my trust account." "Well, you d-" Brukel broke off his statement and waved a hand in front of his face quickly. Brukel's form wavered again, and suddenly Hershey Kellogg was standing there again. Vernon shuffled in and looked at Kel. "Well?" Kel smiled, "Mr. Dursley, your money is currently being routed from my back directly to your own bank." Vernon nodded, "Very well. Take the boy, when you leave, then." Kel looked at Harry and nodded, "Grab your belongings, Harry, we're leaving now." "I've got everything." Kel blinked at Harry and then turned to Vernon, one eyebrow arched, "This is all he has?" "Why should I have bought him anything? He was just dropped on our porch almost ten years ago! My family had to pay for his scraps! And he got Dudley's clothes when my son couldn't wear them any more! He had more than he deserved!" By this point, Vernon was spitting and sputtering, and his face was turning a shade of purple not seen often. Kel glared at Vernon, reached out, took Harry by the shoulder, and then waved his hand and they disappeared. Vernon almost had a coronary as he realized that one of those 'freaks' like Lilly and James Potter had just