For Everyone Reading This Now, PLEASE READ THIS NOTE BEFORE CONTINUING! I am taking over a couple of stories from Trey Miller WITH PERMISSION. Link to his profile on my profile. I am taking his story and continuing onward. In the chapters he has written, I will only be editing a few part. Nothing major will be changed. Now, I am continuing these stories. If you look at my profile, you will see that I have not done this before to actually allow someone to read myy work. I am only one person doing the writing and editting so I am only one person. If you wish to leave a review on suggestions or questions I will be more than happy to read and continue onward to with the story. If you leave a review that is rude or abusive, then I will stop and not continue. I am writing from my heart and imagination NOT getting paid for this. It's all just for fun for me to help me grow as a writer. Now the reason why I am leaving the notes from Trey is because they (I believe) add character and give a bit of humor. Also the warning is here due to I have seen other authors go above and beyond with their writing and then someone leaves a rude/abusive review. ALL AUTHORS ARE DOING THIS FOR THEIR ENJOYMENT AND WE DON'T GET PAID FOR THE SASS THAT SOME PEOPLE JUST DECIDE TO SPEW OUT. Now if this warning has made you not want to read on then that is that and I hope you enjoy your day. Everyone else, I hope you truly enjoy the story from the both of us! Chapter 1 rev2 I'm bothered by a severe lack of muse-love right now, so I'm stuck doing one of three things: reading fanfics, playing Age of Empires II, and editing/modifying/rewording portions of older chapters. Now, this isn't all bad, as this has given me the opportunity to go back and correct a few of the more minor mistakes that I have seen in each chapter. For example, in the original, there was this shtick about 'cannon/canon' and I was attempting a joke about a twelve-pounder which fell through. That's been gotten rid of. Oh, and no, still no beta'r, if you're wondering. Not really looking for one either. They're so...reliable and dutiful and unlazy. Unlike me. There isn't much if any new material, so you don't have to reread it if you don't wish to. As for a disclaimer. Yeah... This is fanfic. 'Nuff said. Now, onward! Harry Potter-Adkins, Southern Bred Hospitality by: Trey Miller Chapter 1 To have an idea of where our story starts, the best place is always the beginning, even though our story technically begins almost ten years later. After Albus Percival Wulvric Brian Dumbledore (Head Mugwump, etc, etc) placed the infant Harry James Potter on the front stairs of the Dursley's, he did not look back. Not even to inform Petunia Dursley of her sisters' death at the hands of a homicidal killer. The way things happen in the original world, the Dursley's immediately, and with great hostility, agree to Dumbledore's demands that they take him in, and grow to hate the child for the sins of Dumbledore. But this is not that world. The morning of November 1st dawned bright, and Petunia Dursley was in quite a good mood for a change. When she discovered the infant Harry and read the letter, rather than acting violent and spiteful, she calmly spoke with her husband, and informed him that, unless Vernon wanted to adopt Harry, she would take him to a local orphanage and allow them to put him up for adoption, as they simply did not have the money to care for another child. One week later and Vernon would have agreed that his son, Dudley, might want a brother. But this would only be after a good ten percent boost to his salary, and by then, the events of November 1st were already set in stone. Vernon told Petunia that he would take their nephew to the orphanage, as she still had to take care of Dudley. So as he went to get ready to take young Harry to the orphanage, Petunia took the time to make her peace with her sister and her nephew, whose emerald green eyes reminded her so much of her dead sister. And then he was gone from her life, not forever, but most certainly for now. At this same time, a young American family was in England due to the husband's job. Andrew 'Andy' Adkins, age 26, was a mechanic in the US Army who had been loaned to the British SAS for a one-year tour. Rather than leave his wife, Jessica, and their four-year-old son Jason, for the year, he brought the whole family over. For almost two years prior, Andy and Jessica had attempted to have another child, but found that there was a problem with Jessica that would not allow her to ever have children again. It was agreed that they would simply adopt a child. Thus it was the Fate's planning that had Vernon with the year old Harry and the Adkins family run into each other at the same orphanage at the same time. It was evident to Andy and Jessica that Vernon was regretful for having to give up his nephew and they spoke to him about the little green-eyed boy. Vernon explained as much as he knew, without mentioning magic of course, to the young couple. He spoke about how Lily and James Potter had been a rather decent bunch, a trifle eccentric in his opinion, but good people nonetheless. He explained that they had been killed by a drunkard lunatic with delusions of grandeur who was killed also—which wasn't far from the truth, actually. Vernon told them that he had it under good authority that young Harry was in no further danger, and even if he was, America would be the last place anyone looked for him. Less than two hours later, Vernon Dursley left with the contact information of the family who adopted his nephew, a smile on his face at having provided the young family such a unique opportunity, and the feeling of triumph over the wizard named Dumbledore. The Adkins family formally adopted Harry, changing his family name from Potter to Adkins. And as they say, the rest is history... Well, from the Muggles point of view. From Albus Dumbledore, the story goes just slightly deeper... He had not checked on the Dursley's since he dropped little Harry off, leaving that job to his squib friend Arabella Figg. This worked out nicely for the six months that the Dursley's stayed at Number 4 Privet, until Vernon's job at Grunnings shipped him off to work at one of their other sites. Rather than attempt placing another watcher on the Dursley's, he had merely watched them leave. The next time a discussion about Harry Potter came up in great detail was early 1991. It was, after all, the year that Harry Potter re-entered the wizarding world. So when the quill that addressed all yearly student letters wrote Harry's name, it wrote: To: Harry James Potter-(Unknown) (Unknown location) And placed it aside for one of the professors to look at. This, of course, brought panic to Minerva McGonagall who immediately spoke to Albus. Thankfully, the event was kept under wraps far better than most other secrets around Hogwarts, and so no one was the wiser. After learning of the quills odd behavior, Albus went and spoke to the Dursley's (who were relatively polite about the fact that Harry had been adopted by the Adkins family, from America. His admonishment of their behavior was shot full of holes when it was explained that they had neither the money, nor the experience to have raised a second child at the time; however, while they appreciated that Petunia was chosen, (by him, not Lilly and James' wills) the least he could have done was approach them in person and speak with them. Albus had left the Dursley's home feeling as if he'd just been told off by a favorite aunt. And so, with the thoughts that he had severely messed up being on the forefront of his mind, he sought out to find the Adkins family and introduce them and Harry to the joys of magic. The Dursley's had given him their address with the explicit order that he not simply appear unannounced in their living room. Which is why he was standing outside a very nice one story brick house that showed signs of two young boys living there happily (the two brand new bikes, one slightly larger than the other, was proof that there were two boys there). Albus smiled. Perhaps Harry had grown up having a childhood, after all. He knocked on the door. August 4, 1991- Dothan, Al, USA Jason Adkins opened the door and stared at the sight before him. There stood an old man whose attire could only be called eclectic. His extremely long white beard and long hair was braided, he wore black rattlesnake boots, a day-glow orange and white suit, and a black tie decorated with yellow dots (which he later noticed were lemons). He blinked, "If you're looking for the Vanilla Ice concert, you're about a hundred miles off." He went to close the door when the old man held up a hand to stop him. "Actually, young man, I'm looking for Harry Adkins." Jason's arm that was holding the inside door knob went toward the gun nearby. "Why are you looking for my brother, Mister-?" "Oh, pardon my manners. My name is Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster at an elite school for gifted youth in Scotland. I am here as a favor to Harry's biological parents to personally spread an invitation for him to come to the school where they attended." Jason nodded and opened the door wider, "Well, c'mon in, then. Our parents are on their way home, but you can wait until they get here and discuss everything with them. Though lemme say, I doubt we've got the money to cover the cost of any fancy schooling over there, much less here." Albus stepped inside and smiled, his eyes twinkling, "My boy," Jason told him his name, "Jason, Harry's birth parents left him a large amount of money that was supposed to be used to support him. Not only that, but his schooling has been paid in full for the entire seven years that he would attend if he and your family agreed." Jason blinked and shrugged, "Well, whatever. Lemme see if he's around." He turned and walked out, leaving Albus to take a seat. Albus chuckled in amusement. American Muggles! Simply amazing, really. His thoughts turned from the overall musing to the matter at hand. There were pictures on the walls that showed Harry and Jason growing up, and Harry was always smiling, always having fun. Not one boy was more loved than the other. His eyes roamed over to the main wall of the living room. On both sides of the television stood two shelves crammed with awards and the likes that belonged to each boy. Where Jason had helped his team win the state championship in American soccer, Harry had blown the competition out of the water during swimming competitions. Both boys were extremely bright, honor roll students (though neither could actually claim to be straight A students). But on the other side of the same coin, both were insanely gifted at getting into trouble. On each of the boys' shelves, there sat an open folder that held reports from principals of the schools the boys attended stating that there were being suspended for fighting- though never for starting the fight. Albus snorted at one particular note in Harry's file: "While Harry is above his peers when it comes to book knowledge, he seems