"Why should I care for the fate of man?" the dark-haired man demanded. "Because they are your race, your people." "They may be my race, but they are not my people. I have no recollections of life among humans. I have been raised here, in Rivendell, since the age of two." "Aragorn. You are not an elf." "I know. And yet when I go into the world of men, I am not accepted either. Scorned as an elf-lover. I belong nowhere," came his bitter reply. Elrond, elven lord of Rivendell, foster father to the disillusioned man, settled back in his chair quietly watching as Aragorn began to pace around the courtyard floor. Tension built in the air with each long stride. Minutes of strained silence crept by before the young man finally halted to lean heavily against the balcony railing. His gaze wandered out across the vale at the magnificent vistas and the graceful buildings intertwined in the trees. "I loved it here," he sincerely whispered. Aragorn's head and shoulders drooped and weariness tinged his voice. "Why did things have to change?" Elrond stood, his voice reverberating with authority. "Because you have an important role in life to play. You are the heir of Isildur. Estel, the hope of man. You must accept your fate." Aragorn, son of Arathorn, tensed. Slowly, he let go of the rail and turned around to face his foster father, irritation glinting in his eyes. "Do you not understand? I do not want to be the hope of man. I have no desire to a leader amongst men." Elrond, who had glimpsed the future, knew Aragorn had a critical role to as a leader of men. However, what the elven Lord had not been able to establish was if Aragorn would succeed or fail in his mission. Aragorn paced the floor again in frustration. "What care you the fate of man? Elven kind has long felt distain for the world of men." Elrond could not deny this, but it was not men or elves that this coming battle was about, but rather the fate of all of Middle Earth. "I have taught you the history, the power of the one ring…" Aragorn winced at the mention of the one ring for it was his forefather that was responsible for not destroying that evil artifact long ago. Though generations removed from his ancestor, shame washed across Aragorn for the weakness of his kin and the suffering it had brought upon the world. "Let us not go there," he warned dangerously. Elrond nodded his acquiescence. The past was not going to make Aragorn accept the future. Elrond sighed. Was it only six months ago that he had revealed to Estel his true heritage? Rubbing a weary hand across his forehead he remembered the day. To say the conversation had not gone well would be quite the understatement, Aragorn had professed to understanding the need for keeping his birthright a secret, but Elrond knew that wasn't the solely true. Aragorn was a man whose trust had to be earned. To suddenly be told his life was nothing but a deception and to be told that by those he loved and trusted the most, it had devastated the young man. A few hours later, Estel had packed his traveling gear and over the protest of his family and friends left Rivendell. Six months ago Aragorn had walked out the gates of Rivendell without even so much as a glance back. There had been no word from his foster son until today and this was not how Elrond had hoped their first reunion would go. Rising from his chair, Elrond factually stated, "One day you will be called on to help man. How you will respond…" "Help man," Aragorn cut in, laughing bitterly. "Oh, I have already tried to help man and this is what it got me!" The man who would not be king thrust his arms upwards, allowing his shirtsleeves to fall back exposing his wrist. They were raw, cruelly chafed. Aragorn stared at his wounds losing himself in the memory of their creation. He spoke, his voice hollow and distant. "Shall I lift my tunic and show you the cruel welts left by the whips of man? The bruises from their fists and feet? The gashes from their weapons?" Slowly, Aragorn pulled aside a piece of his shirt to reveal his body, which was mottled with bruising and covered with half-healed cuts. Aragorn raised his pain-filled eyes to capture those of the elf. "This is the thanks I got for trying to help man." Elrond was horrified at the marks but the ages had taught the elven lord control over his emotions. Not wanting to escalate the situation, he evenly asked, "Tell me how this came to pass." Letting his tunic fall back into place, he turned his back on his kin and slowly walked over to the courtyard railing. Leaned upon it for support, he addressed his comments to the surrounding woods. "Some men found great sport in practicing their whip-wielding skills on me. Men who, but a few hours earlier, I had fought side-by-side with to save their village from an Orc attack." Estel's voice fell into a rhythm as he continued his narrative. "I came upon the town at dusk. I was tired, hungry and yes perhaps a bit lonely for company so I decided to stop for the night instead of staying within the forest. It was not a village of note, scattered houses, a smithy and surprisingly a tavern though I know not why as it seemed quite off the beaten path for most travelers. However, I was happy to see they had such a place." "I quietly opened to tavern door and slipped inside intent on finding food, drink and a warm place to sleep. I was in luck as all three were available within its walls the innkeeper informed me after I had made my way over to his work area. From him, I collected my room key and ale before retiring to a table in the corner not too far from the glowing fire. " "For such a small village, the inn had a modest business. Men came in to discuss the day's events, have a pint and for those not married a bite of supper. When my food arrived and it was hot and filling. Plain simple fare. I ate in silence and though I was not part of any conversation, it was enough to sit amongst people again and listen." Twilight deepened in the vale. Aragorn paused his tale to move in from the balcony. He slid into a chair not far from Elrond before picking up the threads of his story. "The hour grew late and the patrons thinned. I too decided it was time to retire. I was heading for the stairs when unexpectedly the tavern's door flew open and a bedraggled man rushed in shouting 'Orcs. Orcs are attacking the village!' " "I reached for the hilt of my sword as did the rest of the occupants of the room who wore weaponry. Those without, grabbed logs from the supply to feed the fire and wielded them as clubs. Cautiously the door was reopened less a volley of arrows come through to greet us. It was quickly determined that the fighting was further down the street and we all rushed in that direction to join in the fray." "Screaming of men and Orcs. The clash of swords. The renting of flesh. At first, the darkness made it tricky to tell friend from foe. However, luck was with us and the moon came out from behind a cloud flooding the battle site with illumination." I fought hard doing my best to defend the folks of this town. I remember one incident involving a fellow who was about to be impaled by a lance. Noting his predicament, I flung myself bodily upon the Orc, knocking him sideways away from his intended victim. The tussle I then had with the Orc was not pleasant for I was close enough to smell his reeking body and fetid breath. However, in the end I came out alive and the Orc dead. " "The battle raged on; for how long I can not say for in the midst of battle time has no meaning. Then suddenly it was over. The villagers had prevailed. The clashing of swords was replaced by the groans of the injured. The mobile moved amongst the downed Orcs, slaying any that still lived." "I was still in battle mode and nearly skewered one poor townsman who came up from behind me to clap me on the back and congratulate me on my prowess. I acknowledged his praise but then quickly cleaned the gore from my blade and safely sheathed it away." "The Orcs were dragged into a pile to burn. The wounded men were taken off to be cared for while the rest of the warriors, in high spirits, made for the tavern." Aragorn hesitated, a puzzled look crossing his face. "It was strange but I found that I had suddenly become part of the town, accepted and friend to all." Shaking his head he continued, "I suppose fighting a common foe will do that." "At any rate, the drink and food flowed long into the night and though not normally what I would chose to do, I did stay amongst the revelers. They were naturally curious about my skill with my blade but were easily put off and took no offense when I declined to provide my life story. The fact that I had stood beside them, defending their town, was all they needed to know to call me friend. Eventually, I did grow weary and made my way to the room that had been assigned to me. It felt good to stretch out my battle-worn-muscles and surrender to sleep." "It was well after first light when I arose and made my way back to the common room. When I inquired of the innkeeper as to what I owed for the night's lodging I was told nothing. 'After all', he said, 'it would hardly be fitting to charge the man that had saved my life.' Intrigued by his comment, I took a closer look at the man and realized I had saved his life. He was the one that the Orc had tried to skewer. I accepted a hardy handshake and a clap on the shoulder from the grateful man. He offered to replenish my supplies but I declined knowing I could live off the land. Besides, I still had some of the filling lemos bread with me, though had the innkeeper known that…but I get ahead of myself." Aragorn lapsed into momentary silence as he shifted uncomfortably in his chair. The cuff of his sleeve accidentally fell back again exposing his mutilated wrist. Eyeing it with distain, Aragorn slowly asked, "I suppose you are wondering how my tale of valor relates back to this." He slowly rotated his wrist in small semi-circles examining the wounds from all angles. "It does seem like a rather strange conclusion to such a tale of gallantry," Elrond conceded. "One would think, but then again, we are dealing in the world of men. Arrogant, ignorant men," Aragorn spat as he spun out of his chair to pace the floor again. "As I left the tavern, a small band of men, no more than seven approached me. 'Hey Strider. We go hunting for the rest of the Orc party. What say you come with us?' "As I had no immediate destination and thinking it a good idea to insure none of the foul beast remained to harass the villagers, I agreed. "It wasn't difficult to back track along the Orc's trail. My skills as a tracker were not required for even the blindest of fools would not have been hard pressed not to be able to follow this path. The