Chapter 1-Wedding Bliss Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN TWILIGHT ONLY MY CHARACTERS Violet's POV 'VIOLET, GET UP' Alice shouted. ' ALICE ITS 5:00AM, SHUT THE HELL UP' I shouted back at her. ' You are so lucky your pregnant or else I would've already dragged your ass out of bed' She said. ' Yeah right' I said as I pulled the covers over my face. ' Violet seriously get up, Bella and Edward are going to be royally pissed if you miss their wedding day just because you're too lazy' Alice said. I groaned and realized that she was right. I couldn't miss my own brother's wedding. I slowly got out of bed and went into the bathroom. ' Hurry up, I have your dress waiting for you' Alice said from the other side of the door. I stripped of my clothing and entered the shower. While bathing, I placed my hand on my belly. It has gotten bigger. I look like I'm 3 months pregnant. I began thinking about my baby. It was exactly 1 month ago that I found out I was pregnant. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~FLASHBACK~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ' I'M WHAT' I shouted at Carlisle. ' Pregnant' Carlisle said. ' I CAN'T BE PREGNANT, I DON'T EVEN THINK I CAN GET PREGNANT, THIS ISN'T SUPPOSE TO HAPPEN' I said freaking out. ' Violet calm down' Esme said. ' I'M TOO YOUNG TO BE A MOM ESME…AND WHAT'S JACOB GOING TO SAY…..DOES HE EVEN WANT KIDS?' I said panicking. Alice came over and slapped me. Now usually I would be angry but in this situation I'm glad she did it because it calmed me down. ' Better' Alice said. ' Much, thank you' I said calming down. ' Violet, I know you thought that you couldn't get pregnant but you can. You should be happy' Rosalie said. ' Yeah, I guess' I said unsurely ' You guess? What do you mean you guess, you should be happy' Rose said. ' I am, in a way' I said. Don't get me wrong, I love kids but finding out you can actually have them after thinking you couldn't is really mind-blowing. ' I'm happy, really happy' I said as a smile came over my face. ' I'm going to be a mom' I said to myself. ' Violet, I think Jacob would be happy finding out that your pregnant, he's always loved kids' Bella said. She's right. I remember Jacob saying one time that he wanted to have kids in the future. Maybe things would turn out ok. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~END FLASH-BACK~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ' Violet are you done, you've been in there for 30 minutes' Alice shouted. I quickly came back down to Earth and got out of the shower. I brushed my teeth, shaved, put on my underwear and went out into my closet where Alice was waiting. ' So what kinda dress you got for me this time' I said sitting down. ' It's a surprise. Now, close your eyes and don't open them until I'm finished' Alice said. I obediently kept my eyes closed and let Alice do her thing. She did my makeup and my nails. ' OK you can open your eyes' She said. I opened my eyes and I have to say, I look absolutely gorgeous. She hadn't even done my hair nor was I wearing my dress yet. ' But I'm not finished getting ready, why did you let me look' I asked her. ' Because I could practically smell the curiosity coming off of you and I decided to have pity and let you look' Alice said smiling. I smiled back at her and she began working on my hair. The entire front section of my hair was pulled back and twisted together with black and white flowers. The ends were curled and left falling down my back. Alice pulled out a bag from the closet. She opened the bag and pulled out a black dress. It was crisscrossed in the back and had diamonds on the straps and stomach area. The skirt was puffy and it stopped a little above the knee. I quickly slipped on the dress and then I slipped into a pair of black pumps. For accessories I had Rose and Rhinestone studded earrings, a black emerald square cut necklace and a black rose bracelet. ' Alice I seriously believe that fashion is another gift of yours' I said admiring myself in the mirror. ' I try' she said smiling. ' Now come on, I'm gonna see if Bella needs my help' Alice said pulling downstairs with her. While walking downstairs I saw a man with a mustache looking at the Cullens mounted graduation caps. ' Who's that' I asked Alice. ' That's Bella's father Charlie, come on I'll introduce you two' Alice said. ' Hi Charlie' Alice said giving him a hug. ' Hi Alice how are you' He said hugging her back. ' I'm fine and you' she asked. ' I've been worse' he said. ' Charlie this is my sister Violet, Violet this is Bella's father Charlie' Alice said introducing us. ' Oh, so you're the new Cullen…I've heard a lot of things about you' He said. ' Good things I hope' I said smiling. ' Well besides you getting into a lot of school fights, I suppose the rest are good things' He said chuckling. I laughed nervously and a woman in a purple dress soon came up to where we were. ' Who's this' she asked looking at me. 'This is my sister Violet, Violet this is Bella's mother Renée' Alice introduce. ' It's pleasure to meet you sweetheart' she said shaking my hand. ' Pleasure to meet you too' I said smiling. 'Come on Bella is probably waiting for us' Alice said. We all walked into the room and we saw Bella sitting in front of a mirror with her hair pinned up. Her makeup was done to perfection. Overall she looked beautiful, and she wasn't even wearing the dress yet. 'Bells your stunning' I said walking over to her. ' Me? Look at you, you're going to be getting more attention than me' She said laughing. ' I doubt it. You don't even have on the dress and you already look amazing' I said smiling at her. She blushed crimson red and I laughed. ' Bella sweetheart, we got you this' Renee said pulling out a pretty looking tiara. It had tiny blue sapphires in it. ' It's a family heirloom, and you're going to pass it on to your daughter, then to her daughter-' Renee trailed off crying. Rose, Alice, Bella and I had sad looks on our faces. Bella is going to be a vampire after the wedding so she won't be able to have any kids. ' I love it mom' Bella said standing up and hugging her. ' Hey, hey no smudging the makeup' Alice said pulling them apart. ' OK it's time for the dress' Alice said pulling it out of the closet. ' Ok you two out, out, out' Rose said ushering Charlie and Renee out of the room. She shut the door and we began helping Bella get into the dress. I was zipping up the back when we heard a knock at the door. I walked over to it and opened it. When I saw who was on the other side I screamed in happiness. 'LYDIA' I screamed as I bear hugged her. ' Hey Vi, you missed me that much' she said hugging me back. 'Of course I missed you jarhead…I have sooooo much to tell you' I said pulling her into the room. ' Lydia your back' Alice said giving her a hug. ' Great to see you Lydia' Rose said hugging her. ' Wow Bella, when Edward see's you, his jaw will drop to the floor. You look amazing' Lydia said giving her a hug. ' Geez you guys over exaggerate too much, I'm not that pretty' Bella said. ' If it makes you sleep better' Lydia said in a sing-song voice. She sat down on the sofa and I looked at her outfit. She was wearing a gold strapless dress with a big gold bow on the side. It stopped right above her knees. For shoes she had gold pumps with strips on them. She also wore gold pearls, a gold flowery bracelet and a gold feather necklace. She had her hair in a high tight bun with no strands falling out. It was a simple hairstyle but looked very elegant. 'I didn't even think that you would make it to the wedding' I said sitting down beside her. ' I wouldn't miss it for the world' She said. ' Are you staying permanently' I asked. ' No, I still haven't found her yet, but I have some clues, after the wedding I'll go back on my search' she said. ' Oh' I said sadly. ' Come on Vi, I'll find her then I'll stay here permanently' Lydia said hugging me. I hugged her back and rested my head on her shoulder. ' Awwww this is so camera worthy' Alice said taking a picture. We all laughed and I pulled away from Lydia. ' So what was the so important thing you had to tell me' She asked. ' Well…..how do I put this' I said thinking. ' Just spit it out' She said. ' Ok…..I'm pregnant' I said. She looked at me and then started laughing. Did she think I was joking? ' Lydia, I'm serious' I said with a straight face. She looked at Alice, Bella and Rose for confirmation and they nodded their heads. ' OMG how?' she asked. ' Well, when I girl and boy love each other they-' Alice started to say. ' I know that, I mean…I didn't know we could have kids' Lydia said. 'I thought we couldn't either but…look at me' I said pointing to my stomach. Lydia touched my belly with her hand. ' I'm going to be an aunt' she said smiling. ' I'm going to be a mom' I said. ' Vi, you're going to be a wonderful mother' Lydia said. ' Thanks Lyd' I said to her. ' Ok girls it is time, Bella get down stairs and wait in the backroom until it is your time to walk up the aisle. The rest follow me down to the seats' Alice said. We all went to our instructed areas. I lagged behind to fix myself in the mirror when suddenly I was yanked into a corridor. I pinned my attacker against the wall and got ready to punch them. ' Whoa whoa it's just me' Jacob said holding his hands up. I sighed in relief and unpinned him from the wall. ' Why in the world would you scare me like that' I said. ' Sorry but I couldn't resist' he said smiling a cheeky smile. His eyes raked over my body from head to toe. ' You look beautiful' he said. ' You don't look so bad yourself' I said fixing his bow tie. He smiled at me and bent down to my tummy. ' Hey little Jacobina' He said to my belly. ' Jacobina' I said laughing. ' Yeah I just thought of it this morning' he said rubbing my tummy. 'How do you even know we're having a girl' I said. ' I don't know…..I just assume' He said. 'Well if we do have a girl, we are defiantly not naming her Jacobina' I said walking towards the door. ' Why not' he said following me. ' Because, she'll get teased for the rest of her life with a name like that' I said as I made my way over to my seat. ' Way to make my creativity feel like crap Violet' he said. ' They're not crappy…..they're just not good' I said pecking him on the lips. ' That's the same thing' he said sitting down on a seat. '