An AU story where Cato lived instead of Katniss and Peeta but still helped bring about the end of the Capitol. His mission to assassinate Snow succeeded but his vigilante murder of the President and his methods of coping with the loss of Clove landed him in a prison/mental help facility for his and others' safety. These are images, memories and present occurrences all running together in his head. A note on how I generally write songfics: You have to read the lyrics. It's not supposed to be a song playing in the background or something. They're part of the story. He sits in his cell And he lays on his bed Covers his head and closes his eyes How frequently has this happened? Memories become so strong, images so vivid that they overpower the present and he can do nothing but bury himself between the rough fabric of his sheets and the hard surface of his cell mattress. He sees a smoking gun His own after he put a clip in President Coriolanus Snow's back. And the coward he ran The memory of that giant from 11 fleeing the Cornucopia after dealing Clove her deathblow and letting Fire Girl go unharmed. And in his arms is the bleeding love of his life Clove. Immobile on the ground. Clove. Gasping for breath. Her grip on his fingers delicate. Clove. That horrible dent in her skull. Her eyes unfocused but watering. And she cried, "Kiss it all better. I'm not ready to go. It's not your fault, love. You didn't know, you didn't know." He'd never heard her voice like that. So small and childish. He'd never heard her use that phrase. "Kiss it better." Would hardly have believed it came from her lips if he hadn't been sitting right there next to her. "Kiss it," was something young naïve children said to their parents when they received a bee sting or stubbed their toes. This, this was much more than that. He knew, and she must have too, that there would be no kissing this better. Even if kisses fixed wounds, it wouldn't be enough for her. But what could he do? Deny her? Her hands are so cold And he kisses her face And says, "Everything will be alright" He had stayed right beside her, held onto her, offered her whatever comfort she could take from his presence as the life was crushed from her. He'd forgotten where they were, forgotten that he was losing ground as the boy from 11 tore away from them, forgotten that it was totally inappropriate for a Career to sit here with tears running down his face as his district partner died. But everything was never alright after that stone came down. Months later, through a drugged haze, somewhere his numb brain registered that the Third Quarter Quell was to take place. The twist was that the tributes would be chosen from the victors. He felt nothing at the prospect of returning to the arena. What more could they take from him? His life? Did they think he thanked them for it now? He would almost embrace going back, if such emotions still remained to him. Instead, he'd waited, stood in the crowd, watched Brutus and Enobaria go in again as tributes. The fireworks of the destroyed arena had hurt his eyes as he watched on the screen so he had turned away. Months later, District 13 had teamed up with District 2's rebels to overthrow the Capitol presence in his city. The absurdity of there being a functioning District 13 never registered with him. Such curiosity was gone. When District 13 came to District 2, they took both Cato and Lyme with them on their return home. Lyme had been keeping an eye on him since Enobaria left, so he had been with her when the battle before the Capitol stronghold had taken place. Many other victors were brought to District 13 with him or had already been there since the end of the Third Quell: Lyme, Annie Cresta, Johanna Mason, Finnick Odair, Haymitch Abernathy, Beetee, and Enobaria. As at home, he had spent much of his time in the infirmary in 13. Fairly often, he was heavily sedated and even when he wasn't, he stood only to use the bathroom or pace his curtained sector, restless with energy he had no real desire to burn off. Several weeks into his stay, a woman came to visit him. He'd paid no attention to her name, title, or appearance but he did note that she brought with her a tall, strongly built man. Probably he was there to guard her should he, Cato, lose his head. There was also a doctor on hand, subtly holding a syringe full of what was surely clonazepam or one of the other many sedatives they pumped into his veins. The woman spoke in a quiet, careful voice to him, apparently well aware that he was liable to snap should she overload him with words. "Hello, Cato," she had greeted him. "My name is Alma Coin. Do you mind if I sit with you?" He had said nothing in answer, merely sat very still on his bed, staring at the wall directly opposite him. Apparently she took his lack of response as a lack of protest and therefore a 'Yes,' so she pulled up the straight-backed wooden chair and sat down beside him. He jumped and pulled himself away from her, but she held her hands up to show him she meant no harm. "It's alright. I only want to talk to you." He had stared wide eyed at her and she continued cautiously. "I have an offer for you. Would you like to hear it?" Like to? No. Dislike to? Also no. It made no difference to him. He gave her no sign either confirming or denying what he would or wouldn't like. Her eyes moved to the doctor in the corner who looked at the screen taking Cato's pulse, breathing rate, blood pressure, and oxygen levels. After a brief pause, the doctor nodded. "We have a job for you," the woman began. "You could help the rebellion." That didn't compute to him. How could a very broken young man help anyone? He couldn't help Clove when it mattered most of all and then he had been completely whole, scared to death, but whole. It didn't matter to him if this woman continued talking or not. If she had stopped right then and left the room, he could have easily forgotten her and her offer, but she continued. "If they were to see you fight again, it would give those who are afraid strength. You, who have lost so much at the hands of the Capitol, could fight with them." ... lost so much at the hands of the Capitol. This hint at his past was enough to jog his memory, to bring him crashing back to the arena, to Clove, to the boy from 11, to the pair from 12, to Clove. She was what he lost at the hands of the Capitol and this woman wanted to turn her into a martyr for her own cause? She wanted to use Clove just like the Capitol did! Use him too, by the sound of it. At last, he came to a decision. No, he wouldn't like to hear more about this offer. "No," he said. His voice was hoarse and scratchy. "No, I don't want––" He brought his hands up to cover his ears in case she continued. "Cato, you could help people. You could bring down the very people who took her from you." "No!" he shouted over her. "No! I don't want to! I don't want to! Get out of here! Leave me alone!" He tucked his head down away from her and the strange man and the doctor. His hands pressed hard against his ears, trying desperately to block out what was left of his world. He'd continued to yell until the doctor had inserted the needle, unnoticed by Cato, under his skin and he fell into the darkness and immobility of sedation. When he woke up, it was to the eyes of a lovely young woman with long brown hair and green eyes. Annie Cresta. Her name registered somewhere in his foggy brain. "Hello," she said quietly. He blinked back at her and she and Finnick Odair became clearer in his vision. "I wanted to see you." They had never spoken, never even met before this. Annie and Finnick had stayed with him for a very long time that day. Cato had laid where he was, sometimes sleeping, sometimes watching Annie. She was so far from like Clove that it brought him no pain to see her sitting there beside him. Towards evening, she said, "I would go if I were able," and he knew exactly what she meant. If this had come from any other person, he would have gone off again, but Annie Cresta was perhaps the one person who understood what this was like. She and Finnick Odair. "I can't," he'd said honestly to her. Then he shook his head against his pillow and repeated himself, "I can't." "I know," she told him kindly, stroking his hair back off his forehead with one hand and holding tightly to Finnick, as always, with the other. "It's ok. No one will force you." She and Finnick had sat with him until he calmed down again, then Annie kissed his hair and Finnick put his free hand on his shoulder. They'd said goodbye, bid him goodnight, and departed. For the first time in a very long time, Cato lay there awake, thinking. This was something he tried to avoid doing nowadays because it usually resulted in some sort of breakdown and more sedatives. But for some reason, unknown to him, he wanted to know why what Annie had said had not driven him off the deep end again. He lay there, replaying her words in his head until a possible explanation occurred to him. Yes, she, Annie, like the woman from before, had been trying to persuade him to go fight the Capitol, but somehow he knew her motivation was different than the other woman's. If she were able, Annie Cresta would go for herself, not for that woman. She would go to destroy the Capitol for what they've done to her and so many other people. And easily, his thoughts slipped from thinking of Annie to his own situation. Let that woman think she was using him. Let the people see Clove as a martyr. Wouldn't it be his greatest honor to her memory to get them all, not only to remember her, but to fight for her? Didn't he owe it to her and anyone else who'd suffered at the Capitol's hands to do everything in his power to bring it down? The very next day, he asked the doctor to bring the woman from before in to see him again. When she entered and had seated herself again beside him, he told her he was in. He would help her. He would do what it took to take down his enemy. Looking pleased, she told him he would be trained as a soldier and then sent to the Capitol to fight in the rebellion against the current regime. Over the next several weeks, she had done just that. Instead of training to become a self-reliant Career, he trained to be part of a team. For the first few days, his body did not thank him for the sudden surge of intense physical exertion, but even after having lead an almost exclusively sedentary lifestyle for the past fourteen months, he was back nearly at his old standard by the time they sent him by train with ten other people into the Capitol. He noticed the gun And his rage grew inside He said, "I'll avenge my lover tonight." Once there,