Hi guys! Welcome to My Brother's Keeper! This is just a small oneshot about Haldir and his brothers…I hope you enjoy it! Note: In this fic, I have made 50 the age that elves arrive at their majority. This makes Rumil about a 17 year old by human standards and Orophin around four or five, though he is rather smart for his age. Note: All thoughts and flashbacks are italicized. Warning: This fic contains suicidal thoughts and graphic material. Read at your own risk! Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings or any other Tolkien goodies…a most unfortunate predicament, if I do say so myself OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO My Brother's Keeper By: Ponytail Goddess Part One: A Family In Need Of Change Haldir sighed as he walked alone through the deserted forest, heading south towards Caras Galadhon. It was a lovely night, perfect in every aspect. The moon had rose in the early night sky and was shining down upon the mellryn, illuminating their silver leaves. All was calm and quiet, other than a few hoots from an owl and the soft tinkling of a stream in the distance. He did not want to go home. For the first time in his life, his home was no longer a home. Everything was a total mess and his heart was still torn from the events of the past year. Overall, he was so overwhelmed by the changes in his life that nothing really made sense to him anymore. Previously, he thought his life had direction. Now, it was solitary. He was a father now, most unexpectedly. A father to his brothers. Even now, a year after it had happened, thinking about it still shocked him to no end. His father, a strong and solid warden, had fallen in a small skirmish to protect the lands of Lorien. It had been a terrible shock to witness. Not that Haldir was there of course, but he had seen his mother when it happened. He and his brothers had all been congregated in their tallan, sitting around the great wooden dinner table with their mother. There had been several jokes and a great sense of mirth surrounding the entire thing, as Rumil was doing silly things to entertain young Orophin, who was only a mere nine years old. Nothing had been out of the ordinary. There were no signs. It had simply…happened. "Naneth?" Haldir questioned, standing up quickly. His mother had just fallen from her seat at the table. Lightning fast, he was on his feet and by her side. He rolled her over to see her face, which had paled considerably in a matter of seconds. "Naneth? Naneth, can you hear me?!?" He asked, starting to become frantic as he shook her limp body. Though he was fully focused on his mother, the scooting of the other chairs did not leave his notice. He quickly glanced over his shoulder to see that Rumil was standing up and looking quite afraid while little Orophin had stood up on the seat of his chair to try and see what all of the commotion was about. Haldir put his fingers to her neck, trying to feel for a pulse. His breath quickened when he realized that it was not present. "Haldir…is she…?" He faintly heard Rumil whisper, trailing off, his voice tainted with pain. Orophin, however, was confused by all of this. Too young to understand what had just happened, he became quite annoyed because none of the elves were paying any attention to him. "Wake naneth up!!!" He proclaimed into the tension-filled silence of the tallan. "I want naneth!!!" He bellowed in with his loud, high-pitched voice. "Rumil, get him out of here! Go for help!!!" Haldir stated frantically, now trying desperately to wake her up. Looking back, he saw that Rumil had barely moved. He was shaking and his feet seemed to be frozen to the floor in fear. "NOW!!!" He yelled, outraged that his brother, who he was training to be an obedient warden, would disobey him at a time like this. The scream was met with the loud wailing of a child. Orophin started to cry and scream as Rumil picked up the small, flailing child as best he could and started for the door as quickly as he could. "NANETH!!!" He half bawled, half screamed, squirming in Rumil's arms as he carried the child away. "I WANT NANETH!!!" Those screams were emblazoned in Haldir's mind. Orophin's screaming came back to him every time he went to sleep, every time he relived the nightmare. A nightmare it was indeed, but there was no solace from it when he woke up as it was real. There had been nothing he could have done. His father had loved his mother with all of his heart. When he died, she followed immediately. Perhaps that was for the best… Haldir did not want his mother to stay in Lorien and suffer for long years, wasting away before going to Valinor. He loved her and wished that she was still there, of course, in his tallan cooking him a nice meal with a smile on her face as she always had—but he would not want her to suffer. If she had stayed, she would have suffered greatly. Haldir knew this and somehow, it made the fact that she was gone okay. What he did not know, however, was how to deal with the life that had been dealt to him now that both his mother and his father were gone. He did not blame them for leaving; they had not left by choice, but it angered him that the Valar had taken them from him so suddenly and left him in this impossible situation. Haldir was boiling with anger as he neared his tallan. The only emotions he ever seemed to have anymore were anger and confusion. He did not know why Iluvatar had bothered to put him on Arda. He had no purpose now. He was merely a babysitter for his brothers. He no longer had time for his old friends and no elleth would want to become one with him, as he came with two other mouths to feed and bodies to care for. Why did this have to be this way?!? He just did not understand- "HALDIR!!!" An excited young voice yelled from behind him. Haldir turned to face the perpetrator who had interrupted his dark thoughts and was attacked with a hug from tiny arms that clutched at his legs with a death grip. "I MISSED YOU BROHTER!!! LOOK WHAT I FOUND WITH RUMIL!!! It is-" "Not now brother, I do not the time for this foolishness." He said to the young elfling, prying his little arms away from his legs. He started to walk away, only to have the little elfling's tiny hands grasp one of his own and try to pull him back the other way. "NO!!! You must see this brother!!! I have found a big bug that looks like a stick!!! Rumil says it-" "I said not now brother. Go play with Rumil." He said sternly, giving the excited elfling a cold stare before turning away from him and walking back to the tallan. He wished he was not there. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Rumil was smiling as Orophin ran back through the small grassy valley that sat amid the silvery mellyrn trees, but then frowned as he saw the expression on his younger brother's face. He looked quite sad and troubled, which was not a usual emotion for the young elfling, who was a burning ball of energy most of the time. He frowned even more as the youngling grasped him into a wordless hug. No, this was not normal behavior for Orophin at all. "Brother, what troubles you? Have you lost track of the stick bug?" Rumil asked, taking the little elfling up into his arms so that he could see him more easily in the light of the moon. Orophin met his eyes, as his little arms reached around his neck to hold onto him securely. Rumil could see pain in his eyes and wondered what had happened, though the answer was given to him quite quickly. "I told Haldir to come and see the stick bug, but he said he was too busy." Orophin said softly, no longer meeting Rumil's eyes. Rumil sighed heavily and furrowed his brow. "I should have known…" He thought to himself. Haldir. His older brother who was no help to him whatsoever. His older brother who had buried himself in his work and left him to care for young Orophin because he did not desire such a job. Really, Orophin's care was not his responsibility—it was Haldir's. After all, he was not an adult elf yet, though he was very close, only a few years from his fiftieth birthday. He was supposed to be learning the ways of the world and flirting with all of the young and attractive elleths that resided in Caras Galadhon, not making sure his baby brother did not trip and fall over tree roots. However, Rumil knew well that if he left Orophin in Haldir's full care, he would not be raised properly, so he took it upon himself to stick around and care for the young one's every need. "He needs to get over this," He thought to himself as he smiled down at the sad elfling in his arms, "Haldir cannot go on hurting poor Orophin like this. I hate to think it, but it is almost better when he is out working because then he does not get in the way of things." Though he was certain Haldir did not know it, he was hurting his youngest brother tremendously. Despite the fact that Rumil was the one who cooked Orophin every meal, helped him learn to write down the written languages of the elves, and took him out to play often, Haldir was the young one's hero. He always had been and he always would be. Little Orophin could not go over to the neighbor's or his friend's houses without bragging about 'big brother Haldir' and how he was going to be considered for the position of March Warden, the highest post that could be obtained in the golden wood, unless one was the Lord Celeborn himself. Though his older brother always brushed the youngest off with a few terse words and a good scolding, all Orophin could see was his great bravery and service to the Lady of the Woods and held him in high regard, no matter what Haldir said to him. "Well, dearest brother, if we give Haldir some time alone to get things done, perhaps he will spend some time with us later." He said quietly. This, of course, was a lie. Rumil found that he was quite upset with himself for lying to Orophin, but he could not stand to see the youngest of his family so upset. "Even if Haldir and I cannot find happiness right now, he deserves to have it. He is too young to be wallowing in his sorrow like the rest of us." Rumil thought to himself as he put his brother down. Looking down at Orophin, he faked a smile. "Come now brother; we have played out here longer than I intended. It is time for you to get some rest." "AWWW…BUT RUMIL, I AM NOT TIRED YET!!!" His brother loudly whined with a frown on his face. He took two stubborn stomps back into the moonlit wood and crossed his arms so that his demeanor matched his scowling face. Inwardly, Rumil sighed. He knew that the moment the elfling laid down on his bed, sleep would find him immediately. However, the hard part was actually getting the young one into his bed. He always wanted to stay up later like an "adult ellon." "Well…I suppose if you can outrun me back to the tallan, perhaps you can stay up a little tiny bit