No copyright infringement intended. Twilight and all associated characters belong to Stephanie. Special thanks to Catharticone for her encouraging words. The room cleared as quickly as it had filled. Bella remained standing in the middle of the floor; her arms now wrapped tightly around herself and her anxious, though ultimately impotent words still echoing around her head. Jacob, Quill and Embry left first, a quiet determination and purpose surrounding them as they nodded stiff goodbyes to their new, albeit temporary, allies. Bella sucked her bottom lip between her teeth as she followed Jacob's retreat, her frustration and hurt a throbbing ache within her chest. His snarky reassurances replayed across her mind, doing little to calm the buzzing panic which had taken hold. Never had she felt more human, more useless than she did at this moment, surrounded by the supernatural. She didn't possess their strength or speed, nor could she heal as fast or fight so furiously – all she really had was her words. And despite her best efforts, they too had failed her, fallen as they had on deaf ears. A multitude of grim possibilities flashed across her mind – growing steadily in their horror and explicitly. Memories of Italy brought life to her imaginings of combat, marble flesh appearing suddenly porcelain as it cracked in splintered lines under the sheer force of blurred strikes; Edward's beautiful body was easily and instantly replaced by each member of the family, their faces twisted in obvious pain. Her imagination did not spare the wolves; of course, and she saw their fur matted by dark blood, huge bodies lying in unnatural positions across the forest floor. Her throat tightened under the slew, a tremor beginning in the centre of her chest. "Bella?" The familiar voice brought her sharply into focus, her shoulders twitching in fright. Edward slid into her field of vision as he moved, coming to stand before her. His hands hesitated, a mere twitch, before sliding into the pockets of his dress trousers. She noticed, for the first time, that they were now alone. "Nothing I say is going to make a difference, is it?" her voice sounded off to her own ears, tight and slightly warbled. Her jaw ached with tension, as did her head, but she still managed to lift her gaze to meet the ochre eyes of her beloved. He studied her expression, his superior eyesight no doubt identifying every line of tension, every twitch and tick of muscle and sinew that spoke of her upset. A frown marred the perfection of his brow, familiar worry darkening his face. "We have no choice, love. I won't allow anything to happen to you…" Like an overstretched guitar string plucked once too often, Bella snapped. Every roiling hot emotion that she had tried to contain with her weak human arms wrapped around her torso coalesced and went supernova, her cheeks flushing with the heat. "You think it's ME I care about? People I love could end up dead, Edward!" she shouted, feeling a miniscule shot of relief at being able to vent. Edward appeared momentarily taken aback by her raised voice and a part of her squirmed in shame at the look, any momentary satisfaction she had felt evaporating. Raising his hands in a universal sign of peace almost morphed Bella's anger into hysterics, as though she were some threat to be stopped; some beast to be tamed. His voice, in opposition to Bella's, became softer. "It won't come to that. With the wolves it'll be an easy fight. You heard Carlisle." Bella's argument ground to a sudden halt, silence descending like an itchy blanket around them. Edward's concerned frown deepened, one hand alighting on her bicep with a butterfly's weight. "Bella?" he tried, his voice laced with unease at his mate's sudden stillness and racing heartbeat. But Bella was no longer listening. Carlisle . She was speaking to the wrong Cullen, she suddenly realised. There was only one man who could reverse this plan and he was no longer in the room. "Where is he? Where's Carlisle?" she finally spoke, a note of desperation in her tone. Edward's frown remained, his pale thumb stroking the rigid muscle beneath his palm in a delicate swipe. "He's in his study. Esme just left and the rest have re-joined the party. Bella…?" Bella strode quickly to the hallway, not pausing to hear whatever justifications, reassurances or platitudes would form the remainder of Edward's sentence. The bassy thump of music accompanied her jog up the stairs, the drone of adolescent voices becoming dimmer as she reached the familiar hallway. The door at the end stood open in welcome. Carlisle was perched in front of his desk, the heels of his hands propped against the antique wood in a pose so strikingly human, it was easy to see how he so effortlessly passed as such in his every day profession. He had shed his grey suit jacket, and the bright whiteness of his shirt added to the glow that persistently seemed to surround him. Bella paused just inside the threshold, the shadowed room swallowing the gentle illumination cast by the lone standing light in the corner. His golden eyes were waiting for her gaze when she finally met them, and though his face was as ethereally beautiful as always, and she knew it to be a physical impossibility, she couldn't help but sense a subtle fatigue about him. Silence grew between them and in it Bella could clearly hear the wet thump of her stressed heart in her ears and her slightly panted breaths. Carlisle's calm demeanour was in stark contrast to her own as he studied her patiently, almost knowingly. She had come here with fire in her veins, a burning need to change the mind of the Cullen leader whose direction his family depended on and carried out. Whose wisdom and experience they relied on. Whose capacity for compassion and love made the house a home and not a coven. She wanted to rail at him for his decision, curse him for his calmness and confidence and scream her frustration until he had no choice but to listen to her. But standing before him now, breathless and confused and aching, she wondered if that were truly what she needed. She could not mirror his vampiric stillness, not when it felt as though every muscle in her body were stretched and trembling, not when she required the additional oxygen her panic demanded, her chest rising and falling in the rhythm of her heartbeat. Minutes must have passed before he finally broke the stillness of the room, causing Bella to start. Straightening from the desk, he took one, then two slow steps towards her, his whiskey gaze taking in her. He stopped a foot away, his height causing Bella to tilt her chin upwards in order to maintain his compelling stare. He sighed then at whatever he seen in her face, deeply and meaningfully, a wholly unnecessary act but one that spoke to his thoughts. " Bella …" he said at last, his face and voice so infused with understanding that it caused Bella's to easily crumble. She closed the space between them in a frantic lurch, her arms wrapping themselves around his mid-section as the first desperate sob left her mouth. Cool, steel arms enveloped her and pressed her against the stone chest her face was buried in, her salty tears heating the chilled fabric beneath her cheek. "It's ok, sweetheart. It's going to be ok." The rumbling words were exactly what she needed to hear, and though she knew them to be the prosaicisms she had earlier avoided with Edward, it hadn't been he she needed to hear them from apparently. A cool, healing hand wrapped around the curve of her skull, holding her closer as she continued to release the tightly coiled emotion that was rooted, she now realised, in deep seated fear. Fear for this family she had unbelievably become a part of, fear for Jacob and the young wolves of the pack, fear for her unwitting father and his friends and fear for the love of her life, her beloved, Edward. Time lost meaning as she cried, exhausted, her hands clenching fistfuls of silky fabric. Hushed voices came and went, most often Carlisle's, perhaps Esme's and Jasper's, but none were directed at her and she was glad to stay within the shelter of the unbreakable arms around her. Carlisle's whispered words were merely tones in varying pitch to her muffled ears, but the vibration of them against her cheek was an unexpected comfort that she hazily recalled from her early childhood. It had eventually become stuffy and humid in the creases of fabric that hid her face, despite the icy flesh that lay below. Her nose was horribly blocked, her eyes stung with tiredness and the skin below her chin felt itchy with drying tears. Her sobs had turned to crying, her crying to weeping and now all that remained were hitched breaths, thick sniffles and an aching, clogged head. Carlisle hadn't moved except to hold her tightly against him, so when he suddenly leaned forward and swept Bella's legs into his arms, it was enough of a jolt to finally bring her face into the open. She blinked blearily at the bookcases and gilded frames that passed her by as she was carried to the leather couch on the far wall. The butter soft leather gave easily under her meagre weight as she was gently deposited. Bringing her legs up, she quickly wrapped her arms around them and over the tops of her knees, watched as Carlisle crouched directly in front of her, his intent eyes displaying a strange mix of concern and affection. Her body still twitched with every second hitched breath, not quite recovered from her rare breakdown. Whilst not in any way adverse to the common familial gestures she experienced daily with the rest of the family; Emmett's bear like hugs, Alice's never ending cuddles and pampering, Esme's maternal embraces – she had rarely instigated the contact herself, and had certainly never been the recipient or instigator of any with the man now watching her carefully. Embarrassment rushed over her with the impact of a freight train as she fully realised what she had just done. Her hands took the opportunity to scrub at her damp face as she spoke, the benefit of hiding behind them not lost to her. "M'sorry" she whispered, her voice emerging hoarse and nasally. Her thoughts were in turmoil, not as they were before, she acknowledged, but renewed clarity was bringing its own problems. What had happened to the emotional stoicism she had inherited from Charlie? This would have been bad enough with Alice or Esme, but with Carlisle ? Who she had clung to like some determined sea snail? Ughhh. Cold pressure under her lowered chin brought her reluctant face and uncomfortable gaze to the man himself. He remained crouched before her, and the hand that had forced her gaze to his now held a box of tissues extended to her. She accepted them quietly and began to self-consciously mop up the wetness below her nose and across her warm cheeks. She could only imagine how she must look. "There is no need for apology, Bella. Nor embarrassment, truly. You must know that it is, in part, your humanity that endeared you to us." Carlisle reassured her quietly, his clear, honeyed tone a balm in itself. "Snot and panda eyes and salty puddles. Very endearing, Carlisle." She grumbled gently, coughing a little to clear the thickness remaining in her throat but glad to see a slight smile develop on his face. A few beats of silence passed, less fraught than the previous. "Stay here" he finally instructed, first pulling the blanket from across the back of the leather to cover her before flashing out the room. She had barely the time to consider any regrets or actions