A/N: Hi there. I decided to make this short little story on a whim; it will only be a few chapters. I don't know really why I wanted to write it but it seemed to intrigue me and I couldn't let my little ideas for it leave so wherever I'm going with this story it will come as it may. I do not own Harry Potter. Such rights go to J.K. Rowling and Warner Bros. Summary: What if Severus Snape was forced to babysit a 4 year old Harry Potter for one whole summer? Some burdens are blessings in disguise. Summer Boy By GreenAngel16 Prologue June 24th, 1984 Sunday "It is just one summer, my young man," Albus Dumbledore voiced all too graciously and I have never wanted to punch an old man until this moment, this unthinkable moment. "You are out of your mind," the words left without warning but I didn't give a damn because this wasn't real, this meeting, it was a dream, some sort of fluxing alcohol induced stupor of an illusion broiling in my brain and I was passed out somewhere, probably my armchair, my neck craned in some horrible unnatural angle that will cause me great pain when I wake and that was the truth, it had to be the truth. But the encompassed sunlight in this aging wizard's office appeared remarkably real establishing borderlines of a sharp yellow glow upon the man's whirring silver instruments and it festered in my weary eyes, my disastrous hangover begging to be mended. "I am in a good enough frame of mind, thank you and am faced with an unfortunate dilemma, Severus," Dumbledore responded mildly, folding his hands in front of him and I hated his powder blue robes with those embroidered glinting gold stars and the two Christmas-like bells tied at the end of the old coot's beard and his half-moon spectacles and his smile as if it was asking for my understanding, as if such a process was so effortless. "You are my last resort." "Then by all means," I hissed. "So I have your agreement?" "Of course not, you dolt! This is ridiculous! Insane! A joke! I cannot believe, no matter what the tragic reason, that you would think I, me, me , Albus, would be even a fraction, the tiniest, minute, microscopic ..." I was sputtering and I hardly sputter. "Severus─" "... choice to be a candidate for such an absurd task! You have gone mad, absolutely barmy! You tell me this is one of your...outlandish spoofs like that time with my office door or my Christmas stocking or those blasted Cornish pixies! Or even the dog! Tell me you are joking! You tell me right now!" "If only I could, Severus," Dumbledore sighed. There was a growing heat in my face, my lungs feeling pinched, my breathing irregular, my head pounding relentlessly. " No ," I said with impervious certitude. "Severus," those watery blue eyes were trapping me. "I said no ," my voice was strictly sinister. "I don't have another choice in the matter─" "That's a lie! There are other teachers! Unbelievably more suitable! Any of your old acquaintances, other relatives, daycares, orphanages─" "Please, Severus, all the other teachers have gone─" "Call them back! Send an owl; surely this matter is of enough dire importance that their precious little holidays can be interrupted! McGonagall! Sprout! Sinistra! The librarian!" "Madame Pince," Dumbledore lent handily. "Yes, her, she's─" "They've all gone─" "Grubbly-Plank─" "She's lost some limbs─" "The half-giant, Hagrid yes, Hagrid─" "Much too big of hands─" "We have an art teacher, don't we, somewhere? Or Poppy!? She'd be excellent, she's quite maternal, Trelawney, ok, perhaps not the best out of─" "Severus, they all have other important engagements and I would rather prefer not to ship the boy around─" "What about me!? I have engagements, I have priorities! I have a life!" "My dear young man, what sort of earlier arrangements have you made?" My mind was shuffling through things as quick as lightning and came up unbearably short. "I...I am going to France," I tried to sound as believable as I could in front of those calculating eyes but I have never been exceptional at such a feat, not even close. "I leave tomorrow." "What city in France?" the old wizard questioned. "City? More like cities, all the cities, I am going to see it all, Paris, Toulouse, Bordeaux, Strasbourg is beautiful this time of year, very warm─" "Or might it be like last summer where you gave me a letter saying you were traveling to France however in truth you stayed huddled away in your private quarters the entire time until I asked a few of the House Elves why they were cooking up your favorite roast dinner─" "Blasted elves─" I cursed under my breath. "Severus, you never leave Hogwarts for more than a few days every year, you remain here for the whole summer, you're hardly busy during it─" "You're just being presumptuous─" "And I trust you," Dumbledore finished quietly. My numb hands were balled into fists, the walls around me feeling as if they were closing in, the sunlit reflections of the concluding afternoon wavering over objects as if it were alive, morphing into oppressive, claw-like hands that were forcing me to abide by this man's inane wish. I knew I didn't have a life but that didn't mean I was open for this, that didn't mean someone could just barge in and make one for me. "I don't understand this, Albus! Why can't the child's guardians, those Dundeys─" "Dursleys." " Dursleys . Why can't they just take the child with them? They're his aunt and uncle." "They..." and it was quite unlike Dumbledore to have to pause before speaking. "They think the boy to be...a nuisance." "And you think I would have a different impression!?" "Severus─" the old man said for the umpteenth time. " Implore them not to leave, it would be quite painless, especially for you, a simple charm, there are potions I could make─" "I will not be utilizing any variety of magic on muggles," Dumbledore reasoned gently. "It was a challenge in itself for them to agree to keep the boy, to at least implement enough care for the child─" "I thought the people you chose to leave the child with were decent, were compatible─" "There was no other option, it had to be a blood relative of the Evans─" My brain felt like it had been hit with a shockwave. "Enough, I have given you my answer and I will not deviate─" "Severus," the powerful wizard's voice had taken on a much more rigorous tone and my posture straightened involuntarily in response to it. "What answer did you give me that night on that hilltop?" "Albus─" "What answer?" I could not halt my gaze from retreating to the floor and my legs were falling asleep because my knees were locked for so long, my muscles tense and my heart tempered with anxiety. "...Anything..." I gave it up pathetically and shut out the memories that threatened to invade my consciousness. I would not remember it; I refused to remember any of it. "I am sorry that I must take advantage of the vow you swore," Dumbledore continued in those sedated low tones. "You are my only alternative. I do not have such time on my hands to care for such a young boy, to be there every minute, not like you. His relatives refuse bullheadedly to take him along and if I hadn't taken my usual yearly excursion to clandestinely observe how the boy was then I would never have known they were planning such a trip with means to drop the boy off many towns over, where it would not have been safe...It is my responsibility to see that Harry remain with people who are trustworthy─" "Then how can you allow those muggles to leave the child behind!?" I couldn't control the volume of my voice. "I have written a correspondence for future warning. This was an unpredicted misfortune, Severus, some large portion of money the uncle came into suddenly, I could not reason with them when they were practically out of the door." "They've already gone ? And they were going to just abandon the child somewhere?" I said tightly and I didn't know how concern got into those words somewhere. "I am afraid so," the old wizard responded grimly. "For Merlin's sake, Albus," I breathed and shut my eyes against the torrent of pain my head was undergoing at the moment, my thoughts barraged and flooded by the bulky fog of a night spent quite alone with a very large bottle of scotch. "Alas, now you can concur with my dilemma," Dumbledore voiced with some respite. "Albus, I have no experience with nurturing children," I pushed, my rocky vision making a strong attempt to keep those knowing eyes in straight view. "Well of course you do, you're a teacher, my boy." "I am not your boy and I teach from the ages eleven to seventeen, and I can assure you I don't put any of them to bed or console them when they start crying...Oh my god, the crying...I forgot about the crying and it's...how old is it?" "Harry is not an "it", Harry is a four year old boy," Dumbledore countered nonchalantly. "I cannot do this, this most certainly is not a good idea─" I exasperated, feeling perspiration under my collar because I was finally beginning to fully realize that this was inevitable. This wasn't a dream, this was a horrid nightmare. "You are diligent Severus, determined and responsible," the old man spoke with those soft tones that my ears had grown so used to. "You are very experienced under pressure, you have taken upon such tasks that I have implemented to you and succeeded in every one, you are the youngest teacher here and yet have quickly earned the respect of your peers, your students see you as a strict disciplinarian, intelligent─" "And how does any of that─" "It means that taking care of a small child for one summer is nowhere near the strenuous challenge you seem to believe it to be," Dumbledore said with calm declaration. "And Harry seems to be a very quiet child, well-behaved, polite and kind; that is what Arabella Figg has relayed to me; she has the boy for now but is not able to watch him for so long." "And who is she?" I asked with a hint of annoyance. "A squib I have placed near where the boy lives to look after him for me." I couldn't suppress the heavy sigh that still felt snared in my bones. I was not seeing a possible way out of the wretched situation I was being given against my will, all roads were blocked and in reality, I was stuck, cornered, the moment the old wizard had summoned me to his office. I didn't know anyone employed at this school who went against Albus Dumbledore's wishes, no matter how incongruous they were. What was this old man thinking? I didn't look like some caretaker, I was much too harsh of a person, much too thorny and yet here we were and I carried no such resolve to attempt to provide Dumbledore another choice because I didn't have a single one left. Children were not objects to pass around from place to place, from person to person; a child needs constancy, especially a four year old. But this was James Potter's son and that was exactly why I hated this new job of Dumbledore's. How could a child of that arrogant, imprudent man be anything pleasant to watch over? And yet, this was also Lily Potter's son and I had made a promise not only to Albus Dumbledore, the greatest wizard of this time, but to myself, to the new man I had decided to be no matter how such a change looked to other people,