Reformed oOoOo Goldensnitch18 oOoOo Rated M for Scenes of a Sexual Nature, Language, and Violence. oOoOo Summary: Draco Malfoy is released from Azkaban and sent to Hogwarts for his eighth year where he has a year to show that he can be reformed. Hermione Granger, and her friends, are struggling to come to terms with what has happened to them and move on, but she has agreed to be Malfoy's Muggle Studies tutor anyway. oOoOo Disclaimer: I am not profiting from this story. Anything you recognize belongs to the great and mighty JKR. oOoOo Beta Magic: Many thanks to several people who read this over for me in preparation of its publication. If I have forgotten you, I deeply apologize. Many, many thanks to RavenclawMidwife, AkashatheKitty, BadWolf 829, and JustLei. Chapter One: The Trial Friday, July 10, 1998 Azkaban may have been rid of Dementors, but it still stank of shit and death. It didn't matter how many times Draco Malfoy closed his eyes and tried to remember a time when his entire body wasn't steeped in the smell; it still consumed him completely and made him wish his death had been quick and painless during the battle at Hogwarts. Two months had passed since Potter had defeated the Dark Lord, and though the mark on his arm was fading, it didn't fade quite fast enough. Draco, his father, and his mother had all been brought to Azkaban and locked away inside its dank, gray cells. He had been given little to no information and had learned quickly not to ask for it. Draco knew that he was in prison. He knew his parents had also been brought to the prison and kept separate from him. He knew that the Dementors had been forced out somehow and replaced by complex wards and guards, sometimes Aurors. He knew that he was fed the worst food of his life twice a day from a tray that was thrown on the floor and kicked into his cell. That was everything. That was all the facts he had left to hold onto in this world. He hadn't been given a specific charge of any crime or told what to expect. He was thrown into the filth and left there to wait for what? Death? A trial? The end of a sentence? In the beginning, he had wanted to know what was happening outside. He had wanted to know what was going to happen to him. He had wanted to know if he would ever step foot out of this cell again. He had wanted to know where his parents were and what was happening to them. Slowly, as days turned into weeks and weeks turned into months, Draco had accepted his fate. There was nothing to do and nowhere to go. There was no one to talk to and nothing to say if he could. He was a prisoner of Azkaban now. There was no coming back from that, as he knew all too well. It was early in the morning, or late in the evening, or maybe high noon, it's not like time mattered anymore, when someone stopped outside of his cell and cleared their throat. "Ger'up, Malfoy," the voice sneered. Draco sat up on the bug infested mattress that had served as his bed for the past two months, wondering what in the world this man could want. His answer came quickly. "Time for your trial." XXX It was dark inside his bedroom at Number 12 Grimmauld Place. It was early in the morning and a small pale arm was draped over the boy's chest, holding him possessively. The boy, Harry James Potter, lay with his hands behind his head, enjoying the feel of the girl's breath on his neck, her leg over his leg. Her shorts barely hid any of the exquisite body that he had taken to devouring as often as possible. She was his prize, his spoils of war, the love of his life, and he was never letting go. Her mother had tried to keep Ginny at home at The Burrow, but there was no point. Ginny knew he didn't sleep without her. Ginny knew he barely slept with her, and they needed each other. Fuck, did they need each other. After a year on the run and years of not knowing if they would both make it to this side of the war alive, they needed to know that the other was there, grounding them, keeping them anchored to this world. Harry tried not to think about the day that was coming all too soon when she would leave him and return to Hogwarts. She wanted and needed to go back and finish. He wanted and needed to be done with the place. He couldn't wrap his mind around how he felt about Hogwarts or Dumbledore or any of the things that had happened to him there. He needed to leave it and not go back for now. He needed to be busy, to be doing something, and Kingsley Shacklebolt had given him that chance. Kingsley had asked him to join the Aurors and help him restructure the department. Harry had jumped at the offer. It was his dream job and he didn't have to take a single N.E.W.T. to get it. Ron was supposed to be joining them as well, but Harry wasn't sure if Ron would actually be following through or not. Ron was … Harry didn't want to think about Ron. It was too hard. It was too painful. He would never get back to sleep. Instead, Harry forced himself to think about the day he had ahead of him. He was giving testimony today, something he had done many times already, but today was different. Today was Draco Malfoy's trial, and in his gut, Harry knew he had to get him out of that place. That place had destroyed Sirius and stolen twelve years of his life. Draco Malfoy was many things, but he was not a murderer. He was a stupid git, born into a terrible family that taught him things he didn't understand until he was faced with their consequences and realized that maybe he wasn't as cold or as superior as he thought he was. Draco Malfoy didn't belong there in Azkaban, and Harry Potter knew he had to help him. XXX Hermione was buried in a book. Books were all she had right now to keep her heart from breaking, to keep her mind sane. She was staying at Grimmauld Place with Harry, well, and Ginny, and she had claimed the library as hers. Harry came in to see her occasionally and they would avoid talking about the one thing they both couldn't stop thinking about: Ron. Ron had been a conundrum for the past two months, filling every silence, taking every moment she had and drawing her in. He was lost. He was so, so, so lost and Hermione just wanted him to be found. She needed him to be found. She needed her Ron who had snogged her in the middle of a battle and made her feel like her heart was on fire. That Ron was hidden right now behind grief and confusion, and Hermione wasn't sure where to begin with him. These days, he was usually the one that caused her to hide in the library and bury herself in a book. Today, however, was different. Today was Draco Malfoy's trial. Today, Hermione had to make a choice. She knew that Harry had already made his choice. He had told her how he felt, what he thought, and why he was going to testify for the Death Eater-because that is what he was. Draco Malfoy was a Death Eater. He hated her. Draco Malfoy hated her. There was no real reason other than prejudice and lies, but he hated her. She didn't know how she felt. She didn't know what she thought. She didn't know what she would say when it was her turn to sit there and give evidence. It wasn't optional. She had evidence and they knew it. It was written on her arm, of course. Mudblood. He'd watched it happen. His eyes had met hers and she had tried to understand, but she didn't know if she did. She didn't know. But he had tried to lie about their identities. He had not killed Dumbledore. He had … what? Who was Draco Malfoy? She wanted to know the answer to that question more than anything. She needed to know. She didn't know how to testify because she had no idea what he was hiding behind that blond hair and those gray eyes. As he had watched them carve into her arm, doing nothing, she had stared at him, pleaded with him, and he had stared back and those eyes, those gray eyes, had tried to tell her something that she didn't understand. XXX Ginny stood in the shower. Her body shook as she cried and cried and cried. She never cried in front of Harry. It wasn't that she didn't think she could. It wasn't that she didn't think he could handle it. It was just that she loved him so damn much that she couldn't make him hurt anymore. She wanted to heal him, at least some small part of him, before she left him and went back to Hogwarts. She had to go back. She had to face it. She had to feel safe there again, to feel whole there again. Besides, she couldn't let Hermione go off on her own. She knew Hermione was just as messed up as she was these days, and they needed each other, because Harry was pushing on and becoming even more of a damn bloody hero by letting go of things, and Ron was falling apart and sometimes girls just had to stick together. Sometimes you couldn't shag everything right again, but she would be damned if she and Harry hadn't been trying their hardest. Today was going to be fucking hard. Harry was being noble and she bloody loved him for it, but he was going to try his damnedest to get Draco Malfoy out of Azkaban and she bloody hated him for it. She got it. She had listened to Harry carefully, following his reasoning, agreeing with him even, but it all still hurt so damn much and she couldn't get rid of the tiny part of her that was screaming that he was a Death Eater and deserved to rot. He's just a kid. She would tell herself over and over. He's just a spoiled, misguided, fucked up kid. He's just like us. Scared and stupid. She knew Malfoy didn't kill Fred. She knew that he'd had nothing to do with it. She knew this in her brain and in her heart and in her soul, but she still had to shove down that small part of her that wanted vengeance from anyone it could take it from, and she hated that part of herself. That was why she cried in the shower because she knew if she had been him and her family had needed her to save them by doing terrible, awful, unforgivable things, she too would have tried her hardest to do them. XXX Ron didn't know how to explain to his family how he felt. He was drowning in guilt and sadness and loss. He missed Fred, that was certain. He couldn't imagine what life was going to be like for the next however many years without him by George's side. It had always been as if they were one person, not two. Fred would be missed, but he was not the reason that Ron couldn't hold Hermione's hand or kiss her or hold her. It was Lavender. Lavender lying in a pool of blood, Greyback feasting on her body. Ron should have been there. He should have protected her. He should have sent her away.