Oblivious Daydreaming A series of One Shots and Drabbles about Draco Malfoy and Hermione Granger. See each chapter for rating, summary, and anything else you might need to know. oOoOo Adventures in Babysitting oOoOo A Dramione One Shot by Goldensnitch18 oOoOo Rated M for Scenes of a Sexual Nature oOoOo Summary: Draco doesn't particularly like children, but when his mother is finally happy again, he will do anything to keep her that way, even babysitting his three-year-old cousin. When things go awry, he calls on the only person he can think of for help. oOoOo Disclaimer: I am not profiting from this story. Anything you recognize belongs to the great and mighty JKR. oOoOo Beta Magic: Many thanks to Emeraudedeux and LadyParongsny for working your magic on this one shot. I greatly appreciate your time and effort in making it more beautiful for my dear friend Sarah. All my love. Xoxoxo oOoOo Dedication: To my beautiful friend, my love, my beta, one of the few people I must talk to every day to feel like everything is right in the world, Happy Birthday, my dear. You are a goddess, a cheerleader, and a friend without measure. Thank you for being one of my rocks, for talking me off cliffs, making me a better writer, and, mostly, for making me laugh. I love you, so this one is for you RooOJoy. I hope that you enjoy this story and your day. XOXOXO - Goldensnitch18 Draco hated these damn things. His mother had never made him attend parties for three-year-old's before the war. It was ridiculous. The cake and the screaming and the damn company. It was too bloody much. It was great for his mother that she had rekindled a tentative friendship with her sister. He was happy for her, really, but did that mean he had to attend this loud, sticky, mess of an event? "DRACO!" The birthday boy himself came careening around the corner into the kitchen. His hair shifted from pink to blue as his cake laced fingers gripped Draco's sweater. The boy said his name with a K, and it drove him absolutely crazy. "What do you want?" he asked, his nose turning up while the bits of green frosting seemed to permanently adhere to him. "I'm this many now!" the boy told him excitedly as he held up three awkward fingers. "Yes, I know that," Draco said tersely. "That is why they made me come here." "Will you come play Quidditch with me? Uncle Harry says he can best you, but I don't believe it, Draco! You are the best flyer. I told him." As the boy looked up at him with expectant eyes, Draco heard a soft snort beside him. He turned his head to glare at the woman hiding in the corner of the room, her nose in a book, of course. "Teddy, I think Granger wants to play Quidditch. She is the best flyer, clearly." Hermione let her book fall down to her chest and flared back at the blonde boy. " Malfoy, " she warned. "Yes, Herminny! Yes, come play quidditch with us! Auntie Ginny is playing!" "Yes," Draco agreed. "His Auntie is playing, Hermione. Surely you want to play now." He smirked at her, and she glared harder. "Please, Herminny," the boy begged. "You're going to break the boy's heart," Draco told her as he tried to look innocent and failed miserably. "It's his birthday." "Yes!" Teddy said as if he had just remembered. He showed them his fingers again, struggling to keep his pinky down with his thumb. "I'm this many!" Hermione smiled softly at him and turned her body towards the boy. "I tell you what, Teddy. Quidditch isn't really something I like to do, but I would love to take you to the bookstore this week. Quincy Dragon is going to be there for a reading on Thursday morning. Would you like that?" The boy's eyes grew wide at the mention of the book character. "He's my favorite!" "Mine too," Hermione confessed, her eyes sparkling with delight. Draco believed her. "Can we really go see him?" he asked in amazement. "We will. I will talk to grandma before we leave today, okay?" "Okay!" he shouted. Then, Teddy was running again, away from the pair, his Quidditch recruitment forgotten. Hermione reached out a hand and playfully smacked Draco's shoulder. "You prat," she declared. "Trying to get me on a broom?!" "I would pay good money to see you on a broom," Draco told her as he laughed and imagined the sight. "You're terrible. Why didn't you just go play Quidditch with him?" "You heard him, his Uncle Harry would have lost and his massive ego broken." "Oh, Harry is the one with the massive ego now?" Hermione snorted softly again. "Besides," Draco continued, "that boy is too loud and sticky for anyone's good." "Teddy?" Hermione asked, a smile on her face. "He clearly adores you." "He is terrible. All children are terrible." "They are generally loud and sticky, but they are fun and innocent, and you just have to know how to handle them," she insisted. "Oh, so you're a child rearing professional now?" he asked, his eyebrow raised. "No, of course not. I work in Magical Creatures," she told him. At first he thought she was serious, but then the corner of her mouth turned up in a grin. "Oh, Granger." He shook his head at her. It still amazed him that the pair of them could sit here and have a civil conversation. So much had changed since the war. They had both gone back to Hogwarts. He had been required, and she had chosen it. When his father had gone to Azkaban, his mother had been shattered and alone. This had led her to reached out to the only family she had left - her sister. Draco had been broken and lost, and Hermione had become a friend to him in a time when no one else wanted to acknowledge his existence. "DRACO!" he heard again. The boy was back. "COME ON!" he bellowed. "You better go," Granger laughed, and Draco begrudgingly rose from his chair. XXX Draco was going to murder his own mother. There was no getting around it. The blasted woman had gone to the theatre with her sister. Harry bloody Potter was supposed to watch the boy, but he had apparently been called out of town urgently for work, and his wife was out of the country for a match. Draco had been sure it couldn't be very difficult to deal with the child, but now he was fairly certain he would rather face dark wizards than this tiny tyrant. Teddy had absolutely lost his mind. Draco had told him that he needed to eat his dinner before he had any pudding, and it was as if a blast-ended skrewt had taken over his body. Gone was the fun, laughing blue-haired little boy who made him read Quincy Dragon and the Bewitched Carpet fifteen times. He had been replaced by clenched fists and shrieking, and his hair had turned a brilliant orange and red. "NO!" he shouted again. "I won't! I want pudding now!" Draco tried to reason with the boy, but he just seemed to get angrier. He began throwing things and knocked over his cup, pouring juice all over the table. "I'm not your friend, Draco!" he shouted, and Draco just stared at him, bewildered, watching the tantrum erupt and grow larger. The boy stood, stomping on his chair. He lifted a piece of chicken from his plate and threw it at the ground. "Grandma would give me pudding," he screamed, and if the boy's face wasn't turning a light shade of purple, this probably would have made Draco laugh. Andromeda Tonks wouldn't give a grown man pudding before he finished his vegetables. "Teddy, you need to sit down and eat," Draco insisted firmly. "Not until you give me pudding!" He reached down and grabbed his spoon. By the time Draco realized what he was going to do with it, but it was too late. The gooey applesauce smacked him square in the chest. "No!" Draco chided, "We do not throw food at Draco!" Teddy just laughed and reached down for more food. Draco ran. He slammed the door to the kitchen shut and moved straight for the Floo. XXX "He's a little dictator," Draco declared, two hours later. "All three-year-olds are," Hermione insisted. "He must be the worst," the blond moaned. "Not even close," she laughed and shook her head. "My cousin's daughter is much, much worse." She shivered, apparently put off at the thought of the girl. There was a long pause where neither one of them said anything. They just sat on the sofa and faced one another. She had her legs bent in front of her, her bare feet pointed at him, and he looked down at her toes. They wiggled as she followed his gaze to her yellow polish. "Thank you," he said finally, "for coming over." "No problem. I like being around Teddy," she smiled softly, and he grunted. "I'm going to tell my mother to get a goblin to watch him next time she gets a crazy idea like this in her head." "It was nice of you to agree at the last minute," Hermione told him. The way she looked at him made him feel odd. It seemed that she could see much more of him than he was comfortable revealing. She often made him feel that way. "She doesn't really do much. She, uh, she still struggles with my dad being, well …" He trailed off. She didn't need to know the details of how his mother still woke up screaming for Lucius in the middle of the night, or how she cried as he held her while she sobbed about how terrible that place was. It didn't happen as much now that he had moved out, but occasionally it was still so bad that her elf would show up at his flat looking for him. "Do you?" Hermione asked, her voice soft. "Not particularly." He forced the words out past a sharp lump in his throat. His father was not a subject that Draco loved to discuss. His feelings about the man were complicated at best. "Oh, okay." She wrapped her arms around her legs and leaned forward. They fell into silence again, and he tried to come up with something to say to her. Each idea that floated through his brain seemed dumber than the last. He finally settled on asking her about her job when his mother stepped into the room, followed by her sister. "You have a guest," Narcissa said as she smiled at Hermione. "I should go." Hermione moved to stand quickly, and he followed her. "Yeah, me too." His mother gave him a questioning look as Hermione passed her. He ignored her and headed for the door. XXX Two weeks later, his mother had him over for tea. She had been talking about how nice the show was and how lovely it had been to get out of the house. His mother was so happy that she and Andromeda seemed to be really getting as close as they once were so long ago before she had been forbidden from speaking to her any more. It had taken so much work, but they were finally friends again. As Draco had watched as her eyes lit up and her smile broadened, he hadn't been able to stop his fat mouth from telling her that he would watch Teddy anytime the pair of them wanted to go out. He was happy that she was so happy. His mother had cashed in on that offer exactly one week later. On Saturday afternoon, she was going to take Andromeda to get some lunch and see a new sculpture art exhibit featuring famous witches throughout history. Andromeda had the boy eating