Mine oOoOo Goldensnitch18 oOoOo Rated M for Scenes of a Sexual Nature and Language oOoOo Summary: Draco Malfoy and Harry Potter are perfectly … sort of ... mostly happy keeping their relationship in the dark. When the Minister asks Harry to become the poster child for the new Marriage Law that will save the Wizarding World, that all changes. oOoOo Disclaimer: I am not profiting from this story. Anything you recognize belongs to the great and mighty JKR. oOoOo Beta Magic: What would I do without you oblivion . baby? Well for one … there wouldn't be the steamy bit of smut in the middle of this. You all owe her big time. All my love to you dear. Xoxo oOoOo This story was written for the Wordsmiths and Betas Marriage Law One Shot Competition. It won the Judge's Honorable Mention, Best Character Development, Best Smut, and was Runner Up for Best Romance. Thank you so much to those of you who voted and loved this story. Harry couldn't fucking think straight with Draco's perfect mouth about him. His fists clenched sheets, and his hips thrust forward, wanting more, fuck, more of the wet slick heat of Draco's tongue as it wrapped around him. "Please," he moaned as his mind reeled around, struggling to focus on one thought. He no longer cared that he was supposed to be meeting with Kingsley in ten minutes. He tried to tell Draco as he had pushed him down on the bed, to insist that he couldn't be late again as he bit his way up Harry's thigh, but there was no point. The blonde man hadn't fucking listened, because he never bloody listened. He did whatever he liked, and if Harry didn't love it so damn much, he would have been very annoyed. "Unh…" he let out an incredibly unbecoming noise as Draco's hand joined his mouth, pulling at him with quick strokes that timed perfectly with his mouth bobbing up and down on him. Harry made the stupid mistake of looking down at the perfect sight below. Draco's eyes locked on his own as he smirked around the rigid hardness in his mouth, his lips wet and slick as they worked. It was no good. Harry groaned and fell back against the pillow. He felt his pleasure peak and ripple throughout his body as he spilled into Draco's mouth. "You fucking wanker," he insisted, as Draco kissed his way up his glistening chest. "I didn't hear you complaining," Draco insisted before he kissed Harry hard on the mouth. "I told you in the bloody shower, I needed to go." Harry shoved him back, pushing hard on his chest, and Draco laughed. They both knew his anger wasn't real. It could never be real, not about this. "I didn't think it was fair," the blonde man explained. He stretched out on Harry's bed, his naked body tempting Harry back as he tried to locate his clothes for the second time that morning. "You were so thorough in there. I was simply returning the favor." "You could have returned the favor after I got home from work," Harry insisted. He'd found his trousers and was fumbling with the zipper on them. "I can't tonight. My parents are having me for dinner," Draco said, all humor lost from his voice. "Oh," Harry said dumbly. Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy remained a mystery to him, one that he was never quite sure he would solve. "Do you want me to come over after?" Draco asked as he watched Harry pull the sleeves of his shirt on. "Of course," Harry said, beginning to close buttons. It had been eight months. Eight months since they had been drunk at Ginny's wedding, and Harry had decided to take a risk that had paid off with dividends. Ginny had known about Harry. She was the first one to figure it out. After the war, they had dated for nearly a year before they had tried to have sex, and it was wrong. Everything about it didn't make sense. It was hard, and weird, and neither of them were really satisfied after. She'd whispered it to him while they were still wrapped around each other in the bed, her head on his shoulder. She hadn't even sounded surprised when he had confirmed what she suspected. He hadn't been sure before, but after their failed attempt at making love, there was no more denying it. He loved Ginny, he always would, but she had never made him feel in that entire year the way Draco could make him feel in a single minute. Ginny had started seeing Neville not long after they had broken up, and three years later, she married him. Neville, Hermione, and Draco had all completed their eighth year at Hogwarts together. Hermione and Neville were there by choice, while Draco's presence had been mandated by the Wizengamot in the terms of his parole. Harry wasn't entirely sure what had happened to the three of them that year, but somehow at the end of it, Draco was no longer an enemy. Hermione and Neville had began inviting him to small gatherings which he, surprisingly, had attended. He had slowly, hesitantly, over the last three years formed tenuous friendships with each of them, even Ron, though that one had taken longer than the others. Harry would never admit it to anyone, but the pull towards Draco had surfaced in those fumbling moments when they were trying to get to know each other again. There were so many times when he was sure that Hermione was crazy, and Draco Malfoy could not possibly be redeemed, but he was proven wrong again and again. As they fought their way through forgiveness and patience, a slow burn of attraction began without him realizing it. By the time the wedding had come around, Draco was the star of nearly all of his early morning shower fantasies. These fantasies were fueled by the fact that Draco showed a serious lack of interest in women and had not dated since they had left Hogwarts. Ginny and Neville had seated Draco with Harry, Ron, and Hermione at the wedding. Ron and Hermione had spent the evening dancing, talking to friends, and being in love. They had been happily dating since the war, and neither one of them seemed to be in a hurry to settle down. In fact, Neville was the first person from their year at Hogwarts that any of them knew to have married. Harry had spent the evening getting shitfaced with Draco. They had left the wedding late, both of them stumbling to the Floo. They were supposed to go their separate ways, but Draco's arm was around his shoulder, and Harry was overwhelmed by the scent of his cologne. It drove Harry crazy. Too many times, he had closed his eyes and imagined that scent surrounding him as Draco was naked above him. In that moment, outside the Floo, he made a split second decision. They were both so drunk - both so far gone - that Harry knew he could play it off later if it went badly. He wasn't sure that he would ever get this chance again to find out if the attraction was mutual with the aid of champagne and firewhisky to blame in the aftermath. Harry had turned his head to Draco's. The other man was saying something crass about what Neville was going to be doing to Ginny tonight, and Harry had spun his body in front of him. Draco's arm followed, pulling him closer, the move entirely unconscious, to his surprise. There was a single moment where Harry saw the shock on Draco's face, and then their lips were touching, and he lost all sense of anything beyond them. Draco stumbled forward until Harry's back hit hard stone, and then his lips were moving against Harry's. The heat and urgency that followed was so much more than Harry's fairly inexperienced mind had ever imagined. That first kiss had tasted strongly of frosting and firewhisky, and Harry could still remember the way Draco's fingers had dug into his arm as if he needed Harry to hold him to the earth. Harry had been lost in him, in the sensation of his mouth and the feel of him hardening against his leg, when Draco had pulled back just enough to ask, "Your place?" Now, they were nearly living together. Draco kept the flat he had bought after he had left Hogwarts, of course, but he stayed at Harry's more often than not, and they avoided discussions of where this was going, or what they were doing. Draco had made it clear that his parents would not be okay with their relationship. It wasn't that the Malfoys would necessarily care that Harry was a man, or that he was Harry, but it was imperative to them that Draco continue on the Malfoy bloodline. Draco carrying on a relationship with another man didn't fit into that plan. The one and only time Harry had brought up the idea of going public, Draco made a point of ending the conversation quickly. Their friends knew. Harry was sure they did, but not one of them had ever mentioned it. It was as if they had all come to some silent agreement that the relationship brewing between Harry and Draco was off limits until one of the two involved parties brought it up. Having finished dressing, Harry grabbed his abandoned robes and moved over to kiss Draco again. "See you tonight," he told him and reached for his wand on the table next to the bed before he pushed it into his pocket. "Love you," Draco replied. As Harry left the room, he finally moved to get out of bed. XXX Harry arrived late to his appointment, of course. Kingsley's assistant glared at him over half moon glasses. The woman reminded him eerily of Minerva McGonagall, and he was always struck with the impression that she may attempt to give him detention. "Auror Potter, the Minister is waiting for you," she told him, her mouth tight even as she spoke. "Yes, so sorry," Harry said, walking swiftly past her and into the office before closing the door. Kingsley was sitting behind the Minister's desk. He appeared haggard and worn as he looked up from a stack of files. He smiled wearily. "Harry." "Morning, Minister. Sorry I'm a bit late," Harry apologized as he tried not to let his thoughts dwell on the reason he had been running behind. "No trouble. I had plenty to do while I waited. Have a seat." Harry crossed the room and fell into one of the two chairs in front of the Minister's desk. "So, what did you need to talk to me about." "Well, I was rather hoping you might do me a favor, actually," Kingsley told him, his expression sheepish. The older man was not himself today, that much was clear. Kingsley was usually firm and confident. "Okay," Harry replied, uneasy. He didn't like the way Kingsley was shuffling through the papers on his desk, as if searching for something to distract him from the favor he was going to ask. "There is an old law we have been considering resurrecting for a while now, and we were hoping you might be of some assistance." "Okay," Harry said, growing more unsure with each moment. This was beginning to remind him of conversations with past Ministers that he would just as soon forget. "It's highly unusual. I hope that you will hear me out before you decide." "Yes, of course." "We've been experiencing some population issues in recent years." He met Harry's eyes, and the younger man saw the seriousness of his words in the deep concern that stared openly back at him. "Minerva is owling me, more and more urgently, that we need to do something about it." "Okay." Harry was unsure what role he could have