A/N: So, I finally broke down and decided to write (i.e. type) a Twilight fanfiction. To be completely honest I revisited the movies and books and realized that while very entertaining…Stephanie Meyer (in my opinion) pissed away a decent story line in regards to the last novel. Now I know I'm going to receive some hateful responses from that comment, but sadly it's true – and she made the most interesting character a pedophile. Anyways, this story is going to be slight AU, takes place a little after the events of Breaking Dawn , and mainly focuses on the tribe/wolf pack as well as Native American myth and lore. WARNING: Renesmee bashing! This is very much a Jacob imprinting story and he will do so on someone who isn't a half-human half-vampire baby. Disclaimer: Don't own anything related to Twilight that belongs to Stephanie Meyer. I do, however, "own" all original characters. Summary: A new threat bound by old Native American lore will threaten the reality the Quileute wolf pack thought they knew about the world. Someone is recruiting vampires to track, hunt and capture shape shifters and another tribe seeks out help in order to prevent the extinction of their people. Curse of the Blood Moon - Chapter 1. Strangers Jacob Black was all too familiar with the eerie silence that weaved through the La Push forests like the silk of a spider's web. It had been two years since the almost vampire showdown and while the event was nothing but anti-climactic it seemed to leave a resonating hole within Forks, one of which even sent a chill down his spine. And Jacob never got cold. Since the arrival and departure of the international vampires, several came stalking in their wake desiring to claim the deserted territory the Cullen's had long since abandoned. He leapt over the old mahogany railing from the back-door ramp, his need for movement overpowering that of common sense. Jacob knew he could have easily just walked down the ramp, but for some reason he felt restless. The last few months had felt like a cage with the four walls closing in on him, suffocating him, and his inner wolf hated it. While he hadn't been a werewolf long, although most would consider any length of time being one significant enough, he'd learned to trust his wolf's intuition and survival instincts. Jacob shoved his hands into the pockets of his cut-off jeans and dragged his feet along the dirt path leading toward the cluster of dense wood behind his house. Nothing much had changed in regards to his life, well, that wasn't completely true. He was alpha now, at least of his own pack, and had claimed territorial rights over a decent portion of Forks and La Push. Sam didn't seem to be bothered much by it, his desire to finally settled down and marry Emily far surpassed his need to be alpha. And so, once he retired, so to speak, Jacob simply absorbed Embry, Paul, Jared, and Quil into his own pack. No longer was he the alpha of the second rate pack, instead his pack ruled supreme and he found himself actually enjoying the responsibility that being an alpha gave him. He found his thoughts drifting toward Seth and how much he missed him. After birth of Renesmee and the almost incident with the Volturi, the Cullens decided that it best to try traveling to prevent such an incident from occurring again and since Seth imprinted on Renesmee it seemed only fitting that Jacob allow him to leave the pack. A lone howl sliced through the silence of the forest and it sang like silver wind chimes to his soul. Jacob could feel the wolf reverberating within him, his blood, scorching hot through this veins sought to answer the call with a song of his own. He knew his wolf well, all too well. He yearned to be wild and free, at least to a degree. Jacob learned years ago that wolves don't exist well outside of packs, in fact, being a lone wolf did psychological damage to the human psyche, some of which he wouldn't wish on anyone. Once Bella made her decision to become a vampire, to love and stay with Edward, he'd realized that a broken heart could do just as much damage –if not more. He chuckled inwardly at the thought. Jacob tried convincing himself every day since they…and she departed that he was over her. Love was funny that way, it was easier to fall into love than it was to fall out of, and unfortunately for him it took a great deal of persuasion to convince him otherwise. The song rang out again, this time directly calling to him. Leah , he thought turning his head the direction of her wolf's call. He tilted his head upward, his chin pointed toward the moon, it wasn't like her to call out for him unless she'd found something worth investigating. Jacob let his rage from the last five years rush over him, consume him and completely overwhelm the part of him that was human. He shifted effortlessly and with loud growl, that rivaled the roar of grizzly bear, he took off into further into the blackness of the woods. The world became a blur around him as he avoided fallen trees, jagged boulders, and bush patches. While there were several cons to being a werewolf, superhuman speed and agility weren't some of them, in fact he loved the super hero aspect of being La Push's protector; the sense of worth and purpose filled a large portion of the hole left behind by heartbreak. He arrived at the cliffs a little beyond the edge of the forest and skidded to an abrupt halt. Leah's thoughts hummed in the back of his mind, and while he couldn't see her in the darkness of the night – he could sense that she was near. Being a wolf did that to a person, it made them ultra-sensitive to the presence of other organisms, another perk that he didn't mind too much. Jacob tweaked his ears slight, to the left and then the right, listening for Leah's approaching paws. He could hear her running through the forest, panting heavily, and he unconsciously let a growl escape his muzzle. Something was very very wrong. Jacob! JACOB! Leah's thoughts screamed on as she drew closer and closer to him. He quickly debated about whether or not to alarm the rest of the pack, he didn't know what the immediate threat, if any, was, but if there was it might be possible that he and Leah weren't enough to manage it. She arrived then just as he thrust his upward preparing to release his own battle cry. She whimpered softly, the high pitched whine forcing him to rear back his ears, as she kneeled down to give him a decent display of her neck. To anyone who didn't understand wolf body language, this was a sign of respect, and while he knew that both he and Leah weren't necessarily the closest alpha and beta – she at least followed orders and delivered on her duty as second in command. Jacob, bloodsuckers not too far east of here. Their scent trails along the creek and then circles back here toward the beach. A low threating growl rumbled deep within his chest and his ears flattened completely against his skull. After the warning passed around by the Cullens, covens knew better than to stray this far into wolf territory, into his territory. The pressure of his anger and frustration having finally reached its peak, he finally released the growl that had be aching to claw its way out of his ribs and lungs. Could you tell how many there were by the trail? Leah huffed and shook her head no, her nostrils flaring as she did so. She bared her fangs at him in a snarl, her tongue flicking out from behind her teeth like that of a snake tasting the air. Jacob summed it up to their mutually shared hatred of vampires. He assumed that her inability to catch one of them was the true cause of her anger and retreat to track him down, if she'd been successful in destroying any of them he wouldn't have been alerted until after the fact. Damn leeches , he thought basking in Leah's rage. Jacob instantly took off down the slope of the forest foot hill, veered left avoiding the up-rooted earth, and then snaked around the path leading down toward the creek. Leah was on his heels, her breath almost tickling the fur around the pads of his paws, her eagerness for the kill overpowering the human aspect of herself and allowed the wolf to fully overcoming her. Upon reaching the bumpy terrain near the creek Jacob paused momentarily, with his heart racing within his chest and his blood singing within his ears, he needed time to think. The bloodsuckers were long gone now, probably ran off the second Leah caught wind of them, but there was something unsettling about that. Typically vampires looking for their next meal didn't give up so easily, especially when acquisition of new territory followed along with it; however, the way in which their scent lingered it made him think of pacing more so than hunting. The parasites are long gone now. Ya scared em off from the looks of it. Leah snorted in response then slumped back on her haunches. Her tongue lolled from the side of her mouth, her muzzle dipping slight at an angle as she recovered from the run. He walked toward her and nudged her shoulder with the tip of his nose, a sign of encouragement and reassurance on his part even though he was equally upset about the incident. Come on, let's head back and let the others know. Whatever you say boss. He would setup a patrol schedule once they back to his place. Another perk of being the alpha meant calling the shots, which in turn also meant calling regular meetings to keep the pack up to date on what was going on in La Push, and unfortunately for him that meant little to no sleep. Not that Jacob honestly mined, these days he was a bit of an insomniac anyways. Old habits die hard, or so he'd been told, he'd picked up the bad habit a little after Bella finally made her decision to become a vampire and he took off for Canada. He knew one thing about having a broken heart, it sure as hell made a person determined to get over it by any means necessary – and he was bound and determined to focus on anything but love. After shifting back into human form both Jacob and Leah quickly dressed and then fell into place on the couch in Jacob's matchbox size living room. "I should have tracked them longer before signaling you. " Leah growled, balling her hand into a tight fist. "The most excitement we've had in months and I go and blow it." "Save it, Leah." Jacob spat, not interest in having this discussion at the moment. "It happens. We'll get em' if and when they come back." She huffed and rolled her eyes at him before pick up the remote to his crappy television, turning it on, and then averting her attention toward the tiny screen. Some things never changed .., he thought shaking his head in annoyance. On the wolf front, the relationship between Jacob and Leah was much less strained than on the human front. He didn't take it to heart or at least he tried not to. They were equally matched in bad attitudes and he was sure that if they duked it out both would walk away with a few scratches. But he knew that it was only because they had so much in common – as much as they both hated to admit