Here's a little something I cooked up for the Bandward contest. It received Host's Pick (Jeaboo1) and Judge's Pick (Lynzylee). Thank you to shinrai and ChocolateMango of PTB for looking over this and giving suggestions, and also to Jonesn for her help and telling me it was worthwhile. Bandward Contest Title: The Dreamers Pen name: kitchmill Pairing: Edward/Bella Genre: Friendship/Romance Summary: Edward Cullen had dreams he never thought would come true. Not until he met her. Word count: 9,973 Disclaimer: The author does not own any of the publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Dreamers Another day, another dollar , I thought as I peered down at the cash lying in the torn and beaten up leather case. It was more than a dollar, but not by much. Maybe enough to buy a few of those fancy coffees I hated. It was a good thing I didn't do this for the money. I had a day job with an asshole boss at a shitty music store for the money. That was what paid the bills for my meager lifestyle. This was what I did for me . Because I loved it. Because it was all I ever wanted to do in life. Just me, my guitar and my voice. If someone happened to throw some spare change in my case, at least I knew they had been listening. The sidewalk in front of me began darkening drop by tiny drop. I wouldn't have minded the rain, would have stayed out and played a little longer, but a quick glance at my watch told me it was time to go. Time to get to that crappy job—the one that paid the bills. "You're almost late, Cullen." I looked up at Mike, the asshole boss, and shook my head. "Almost late is also known as on time, Newton." He grumbled something unintelligible as I brushed past him to drop my guitar case in the break room and grab a cup of black coffee. Dingy walls surrounded me, the smell of Mike's cigarettes lingering in every porous surface regardless of the air filter that chugged away in the corner. The day was like any other. Customers in, customers out. Questions asked, questions answered. We sold everything from guitar picks to baby grand pianos, though we didn't stock the latter in the store. I knew every detail about every item in the place, yet Mike continually rode my ass about one thing or another. As best as I could tell, it was his way of making up for his pathetic excuse of a life. Sure, I was stuck working in the same store he managed, but I had dreams. This was his life. His rich-bitch parents had threatened to kick him out if he didn't get his act together when they found out he was a cokehead a few years ago. So what did they do? They bought a music store so he'd have somewhere to work when he got out of rehab. Lord knew no one else would have hired him. My parents, on the other hand, fully supported my ambitions. They just didn't have the money to fund my life while I waited. But I wasn't giving up on my dream, even though I had to settle for a job in a music store for now. I knew it was farfetched and maybe it would never happen, but I wouldn't stop trying, wouldn't stop doing what I loved, wouldn't stop dreaming. That was why I sat on street corners when the mood struck me and why I played open mic nights with my own music, never covers. I had a few followers, nothing to write home about but enough that the bar owners sometimes called me and asked me to play. The money wasn't any better playing in the bars than it was at the music store, but it got my music out there. And that was what it was all about. Just like when I played out on the street, I didn't care if I didn't make any money. I just wanted my music out there . Entering my apartment, I threw my keys on the tiny counter separating the tiny kitchen from the tiny living room and gently placed my guitar case up against the wall. I pulled a frozen pizza out and tossed it in the oven, banging the door three times before it closed properly. Grabbing a beer, I leaned back against the chipped laminate, taking a swig as I looked around. Everything was as I had left it, but the black notebook with papers sticking out of it at odd angles on the coffee table was calling to me. Mostly-cooked-but-not-quite pizza in one hand, I sat on the frayed and stained brown couch with my notebook balanced on my knee, flipping through pages of words and music. The pizza was abandoned after a few bites in favor of my guitar. I hummed, sang and strummed until I had something I was happy with, downed the rest of the beer and then packed the guitar back up. It didn't matter that I'd been on a different street corner earlier in the day. When I had new music, I had to play it for people. Even if not a single one of them appreciated it, a song was never complete to me until someone else heard it. Ten thirty on a Tuesday night wasn't exactly prime time to be heard by anyone in particular. Very few people passed me as I warmed up with a few of my favorites. My focus blurred out as I played, my fingers gliding easily over the strings of the well-loved guitar as I sank into the familiar chords of one of my favorite songs. Movement caught my attention out of the corner of my eye, and I focused back on the here and now to see a petite brunette locking the door of the bookstore across the street. With her back to me, I knew she wasn't paying me any more attention than anyone else had, so I went back into my zone as I shifted into the new song. I played it halfway through then stopped to make some notes. Moving the guitar back into position, I noticed the same woman leaning up against the dirty window of the bookstore. Her arms were crossed over her chest and one foot propped lazily against the building as she relaxed and stared at nothing, most likely waiting for someone to pick her up. I restarted the song, fumbled once then started over. The third time, I played it straight through and was relatively happy with the way it sounded. It could use a little something more, but I wasn't yet sure what that was. Hopefully it would come to me eventually. I was just about to start it up again when black boots appeared in front of me. "You're really good." I looked up, startled to see the same woman from the bookstore. She looked nervous, like talking to me could be a danger to her health. I supposed I did have a homeless look about me with my tattered jeans and empty guitar case, sitting on a dark street after all the shops had closed. "Thanks." "You do this for the money?" she asked, taking her bottom lip between her teeth as she glanced into the empty case. I shook my head. "Just for me. Well, me, and anyone else who wants to enjoy it." Her smile was shy, but it was there. She opened her mouth as if to say something then smashed her lips together in a tight line. I strummed a few chords, waiting to see if she would speak again, liking the sound of her voice. "Well, have a good night," she finally settled on, and before I could reply, she was walking briskly down the street. I packed up not long after that, having done what I came to do. I had played my new song and someone had listened. Someone had even appreciated it. I made a pit stop on my way home, dropping into one of my favorite bars to check out the night's entertainment. Some loud chick band was playing, completely not my style but I sat and listened anyway, wanting to support local music as much as possible. A draft beer was placed in front of me before I even had a chance to order. I glanced up and smiled at the owner. "Thanks, man." He waved me off as I went to grab a few bills from my pocket. "On the house," Jasper said. "I was actually hoping you'd stop in soon." "Oh yeah?" I took a healthy gulp, licking the foam off my upper lip. "Got an opening on Saturday. You interested?" He leaned his elbows on the weathered bar, his shaggy blond hair falling over his eyes. "I'm always up for it," I told him. "Just tell me what time." The next day found me in much the same place as before, behind the counter ringing up sales of violin strings, music books and instrument cleaner. I was just returning from a short break in the back room when I heard the somewhat familiar voice. "Um, I'm really just looking," the woman said. I peeked around the aisle and found Newton hovering over the woman from the night before. If possible, she looked even more nervous than she had approaching a stranger on a deserted street. "I'm sure there's something I can help you with," Newton said suggestively. "Anything I can help with?" I asked as I walked over, if for no other reason than to get Newton to back off. Her head snapped up and her eyes widened as she recognized me, and then a beautiful blush spread across her face. "I've got this one taken care of," Mike responded dryly. "You can just head back to the register, Cullen." I looked from Mike to the brunette, who gave me a small reassuring smile. I returned the gesture before backing away and heading back to my boredom, keeping one eye on the two of them as I sat behind the glass display. After a few more minutes of trying his tired lines, Mike left the woman alone. She gazed around the aisle with a look of wonderment, stopping every now and then to let her slender fingers drag over a music book. Her figure was nice, legs longer than I had thought last night from my perch at her feet. Today they were encased in tight jeans, her jacket short enough to show off the heart shape of her ass. She took a few more steps, drawing my eyes away from her ass and up to the books she had stopped in front of. Voice books. She was a singer, or she wanted to be. I could easily see her on stage, microphone in hand with her eyes closed, hips swaying side to side as she crooned out some nameless tune. One of my tunes maybe … maybe in my dreams. I shook my head at the track my mind had taken and returned my attention to inventory sheets, checking off the stock I had already placed on the shelves and determining which items I'd work on next. Eventually I saw the woman walk over to the bulletin board near the register. She dug her teeth into her cherry lip as she glanced at the different flyers tacked to the old cork. "Looking for lessons?" I asked, unable to resist pulling her into some kind of conversation. She turned to me, clearly startled. "Um, no. I …" Her fingers twisted together as she trailed off. "Sorry. I saw you looking at the voice books. Just thought you might be looking for a teacher or something." I shrugged and looked back down to the mess of papers in front of me. "Not lessons," she said quietly. When