A/N Real life is kicking my ass lately, but I decided to try something else and see how we go it's a bit like Wise girl but with more twist and different plot line's – so here it is. Warning – If you're not old enough to Drink, Smoke or play the lottery I suggest you don't read this story. This will be the only warning I usual leave chapter warnings when things are about to get real, but I want you to have the experience as they go, so be prepared for tissues on most chapters (I'm not saying they will be needed on everyone, but I'm also not ruling it out either) Disclaimer – I don't own Twilight, Or the Twilight characters, I do how ever own the original Characters and my mind =). Summary – The sizzling of skin burning causing me to finally remove the red hot poker from his Face "Who sent you" I demanded to know. The man coughed the burnt skin on his cheek curling as the pink tissue underneath had smoke coming off it. "Just kill me Bitch" he whimpered, I smirked stepping back cocking my 9mm Silver Gun as I aimed it right at his head he whispered a name as the bullet left the gun, "Edward" before I could get the surname I seen the bullet penetrate his forehead and blood splash every were as his body slumped forward. This story is not Beta'd but I will try my best to correct any mistakes before uploading x A Life Time Sacrifice Bella Point Of View (Not sure if Edward will have a voice in the story will see what people think, and if there's a part were his views are needed ) Chapter One ~ Past and Present Looking into the mirror, I felt the wetness of the cloth pinching at my skin as I wiped the blood away, Banging on the door made my eyes move from the continuous rubbing of the red blotches as I herd someone's faint voice telling me to hurry up, I smirked to myself as I imagined opening the door and allow the offending screamer to see the blood I was covered in, I'm sure it would shut them up, especially when they would see it didn't belong to me. Sighing I decided it would be quicker to just dip my face in the water, Running the taps and pushing the old ratty silver plug in the Sinks hole, I turned taking my phone out of my pocket dialling the one number I knew I could count on to come help me out. "Hello" I herd the usual Female voice of my best friend Harper. "I need you to bring my bag to the Nightclub 'Omen' for me" I said. Clicking the phone shut when I herd her agree. Turning back to the sink and turning the taps off I closed my eyes as I leaned down feeling my face sink into the warm water, I pushed my hands under rubbing around my face , before pulling up opening my eyes and looking back into the mirror seeing my face now clean, I pealed the blonde wig off removing the tape from my hairline that had held it in place, I let my hair down I sighed grabbing the towel and rubbing my face, before pushing it back onto the floor and grabbing the plug pulling it out watching the now red Water go down the hole. I sighed peeling my clothes off my boots already on the floor as I herd three tinkling knocks on the door. I walked over to it leaning my head against the wall next to it opening it slightly hearing the Female voice of my friend I smirked opening the door more , allowing her to come into my view, first of all I seen her tanned face and rolled my eyes wincing , she looked like someone had threw tango on her face. I sighed letting her step inside before closing the door behind her, shaking my head as she grinned widely at me handing the bag over . "Looking good Swan Bird" she grinned eyeing my black lace lingerie I rolled my eyes smirking. "Stop looking at me like that or I'll have to inform your other half about your sick obsession with my body" I smirked. She huffed before flicking the toilet lid down and sitting on it crossing her legs as she watched me grab the Black Jeans and Black Shirt I smirked as I turned away leaning down and pushing my jeans up. I turned back around as I put my t shirt on , I took the plastic bag from the hold all and placed my clothes in there from earlier, along with the wig, Going to the sink I rinsed my boots before putting them back on, placing the plastic bag back in the hold all and zipping it up putting it back down. "Pale Face don't get smart with me" she grinned, causing me to hiss I hated that nickname, My pale skin had caused me childhood memories I'd Rather forget, the reply I was biting to get out was on the edge of my tongue before she carried on. "Plus Jared knows all about my fascination with you Swan and he doesn't mind, in fact I think he enjoys it" she grinned causing me to glare. "So anyway" she sighed standing up and grabbing the hold all chucking it over her shoulder causing me to smirk. "Contract complete I'm guessing" she said tilting her head, I sighed before nodding at her. I leaned against the door closing my eyes for a moment. The picture in my hand was staring at me, the man's eyes seemed almost Pitch Black I felt my hands shake as I grabbed the butterfly knife from my waist holding the handle tightly In my right hand feeling the pattern push against my skin, I gulped as I spotted my target across the room, he walked into the public restroom, my chance … I knew this was the chance. My mentors voice repeated in my head ''take the shot, take the shot before you're the target'' I breathed in through my nose, as I pushed through the door I seen the back of his stiletto standing over the toilet I held my breath as the stench of urine infected my nose, walking slowly and quietly behind my target I herd him whistling a tune, as my feet reached him, I stood for a second silently telling myself I could do this, I HAD to do this, to prove I was worth saving, to prove my mentor Billy had to be right about me, I was worth saving. I needed to make him proud, Make him glad he had saved me, trained me, and make him proud of what he had made me. His little Killer princess as he called me. I let a breath out as I herd him zip his pants up, as he went to step backwards, I kicked his legs out feeling him bow in front of me , now he was my height I smiled as I brought my free hand up wrapping it from one shoulder to the other , causing his head to tilt back my hand coming up covering his mouth muting him from screaming, as I brought my face to his cheek so I could whisper in his ear. "You Mr Clark have been Sacrificed" I whispered. I brought my right hand up letting the shine of the blade reflect off the wall, I smirked as I reminded myself that I was chosen for this, bringing the knife down I felt it touch his flesh as I kept my arm straight I brought the knife from his right corner to the left feeling the flesh separate as I dragged the knife along, I seen the red blood splash across the wall in front of me, deciding I needed to leave quickly I whipped my glove along his jacket, along with my knife before placing it back in my belt. Stepping back and skipping myself out the room, I re entered the play around and smiled looking around seeing Billy waiting with the other children he called his Trainee's I nodded once before he clapped happily standing and telling us it was time to leave. The promise of ice Cream lingering from his lips causing us all to cheer, The thought of what I had just done soon leaving my mind. I used the Switch , ….. the one Billy told me about , I just Switched myself off from my action and became the nine year old little girl I was when I wasn't training as an assassin, My hand slipped inside my Mentors as he ruffled my hair smiling his proud smile at me, as he walked us all out we herd the faint sound of a scream, but not one of us turned back. My eyes snapped open as I inhaled the air around me, What's done is done ….. Time to get on with my life now, the past is the past, I dealt with that demon a long time ago. I smiled looking back to the Tango Mango in front of me. "Yeah tell your husband, I want Cash, the last cheque he gave me was a bitch to cash" I smirked chuckling. Walking out the door holding it for her, the music from the club pounding into my ear's, I felt Harper gragging the edge of my T-shirt so she could stick to me, I chuckled shaking my head, Harper was petrified of close encounters, she hated lifts, or packed places she couldn't get on a bus if more than five people was on there, As I reached the fire exit I felt her let go and smiled seeing her relieved Face smiling back. I pushed the bar seeing the Green light with the words Exit flickering as I felt the cool night air hit me I held the door for Harper seeing no light in the alley that the door lead to shaking my head, the Club owner really needed to sort his shit out, if there ever was a fire he'd end up with a bitch of a lawsuit the amount of injuries people would sustain with people fleeting out in the darkness. The door slamming behind us echoed down the alley as I seen Harper Shiver, I rolled my eyes chuckling silently to myself , I have no idea how Jared copes with her sometime, I was just about to tell her to grow a pair when we herd the dumpster move and a girls muffled scream. I looked at Harper before I put my finger to my mouth silently telling her to be quite and holding my hand up for her to stay there. Thankfully my heels wasn't the clicking kind, I silently , and slowly made my way towards the dumpster seeing how behind it lead to another alley I shook my head giving myself a silent reminder to inform the club owner they seriously needed some spot lights out here. I seen movement as I groaned to myself shaking my head, hearing the muffle scream again, I knew what was about to happen down that alley sighing I breathed in as I felt my fist clench as I stepped forward seeing the figure looming over someone , the someone I presumed to be the girl who was attempting to scream. Something in me suddenly snapped as I seen the face of the girl become clear, she was my age if that nineteen maybe Twenty before I even thought about it my instincts' to protect kicked in. Whether I was getting paid for it or not, my instincts' to stop this fucker was on over drive I herd the oomph as my body collided with his, I didn't