Title: Black, Two Sugars, and a Dash of Milk Author: craaazyaboutMalfoy Category: Books » Harry Potter Language: English Genre: Friendship/Romance Disclaimer: I own nothing, cover art is my own design. Characters (Alphabetically, by last name): Andrew Burke (OC), Hermione Granger, Draco Malfoy, Kingsley Shacklebolt, and Mr. Urquart (OC, no first name mentioned) Summary: The Department of Mysteries has employed it's first Muggleborn, under pressure from the Minister. In a sea of mysogynists and blood-supremacists, Hermione Granger finds an unexpected ally in Draco Malfoy. Post-war AU, Dramione. Need I say any more? Rating: T A/N: Hello to all the lovely people who gave this fic a chance! I really hope you enjoy it :) Conference Hall-A Department of Mysteries British Ministry of Magic Kinglsey's POV 3 months after the Battle of Hogwarts… The Minister of Magic tried in vain to mask his yawn. Kingsley Shacklebolt had only been in office for two months – three, if you counted his temporary appointment in the aftermath of the War – and he was already sick of the many duties his post entailed. Like today, for example, he was stuck in a front-row seat pretending to understand what the old man before him was droning on about, with a room full of Magical researchers around him. The Department of Mysteries was full of old, bigoted and misogynistic Pureblood men, and the only reason he suffered their presence was because he did not have the authority to knock them from their posts. Not yet, at least, he thought smugly. The DoM, as the department was lovingly called, functioned independent of the Ministry, researching revolutionary new spells, potions and many other things, all under the command of the Department Head, an unpleasant and sour-looking wizard by the name of Andrew Burke. Well in his late 60's, Burke was an elitist snob, and only employed Pureblood Wizards – no Witches, of course – with seniority based on the reputations of their family names rather than their personal merit or competence. Kingsley would have been more than happy to stay out of the other Wizard's way, but as Minister of Magic, monthly presentations on the progress made by the DoM was a torture he had no choice but to endure. Sighing, he leaned back in his seat as the old Researcher before him dissolved into a lecture about the positive aspects of the new 'Fertility' Potion he was developing and how it would solve the raging issues of infertility among Pureblood couples. '…and the addition of a pinch of powdered Dragon claws renders the potion virtually tasteless and inert, thus effective when being administered in a subtle manner. It also has a mild sedative eff–' 'Excuse me, Sir.' Kingsley knew who the speaker was even before he turned to look at her. Yes, the youngest new recruit at the DoM was a woman. A Muggleborn, in fact. He smiled softly as he remembered how much weight he had thrown around to get her the position. While the Minister had no power over the functioning of the DoM, he still had the power to cut their funds. That threat had been enough to force Mr Burke to make one little exception. The man who had been speaking looked up, startled. His expression quickly dissolved to disdain as he realized exactly who had interrupted him. 'Yes, Ms Granger?' He asked haughtily, turning her very name into a slur with his tone. If not for the Minister's presence in the room, his response would undoubtedly have been much more openly degrading. 'Mr Urquart,' Hermione responded in an equally haughty manner. 'Doesn't the inclusion of Dragon Claw open the possibility of the potion being administered without consent?' The man blinked back owlishly. 'Yes. So?' 'What if, hypothetically, the witch does not want to use the potion, or is not ready to have children, but her husband, partner, or even a complete stranger, slips it into her drink anyway?' 'I'd say, good for him,' someone murmured not-so-quietly, resulting in ripples of laughter. Kingsley winced internally, knowing exactly how this would end. 'That's barbaric,' the witch protested indignantly. 'Everyone deserves a choice! This Potion of yours could be misused in so many ways! There's a reason Dragon Claw is a controlled substance.' Mr Burke rose from his seat next to Kingsley, his eyes narrowed dangerously. 'That's enough, Ms Granger. You'd do well to remember that you're already on probation. Now sit down and hold your tongue if you value your position in our department.' Kingsley met her gaze sympathetically, but smartly kept his own mouth shut. Once she was back in her seat, Mr Burke ignored her piercing glares and nodded to Urquart. 'Proceed, Mr Urqart.' 'Yes, uh, where was I? Oh, yes. It's also a mild sedative and suppressant, and…' Kingsley suppressed another yawn. Office of the Minister of Magic Administrative Floor Ministry of Magic Kinglsey's POV 2 hours later… 'I can't take it anymore, Kingsley,' the witch huffed angrily, the curtains behind her catching fire in a burst of angry magic. She took no notice. 'They treat me like dirt, tell me I am dirt, and then try to get into my pants because that's all they think I'm good for.' A sneakoscope exploded on the table, the noise causing her to snap out of her anger. Oh my Merlin, Reparo!' she rattled out, and the device put itself back together perfectly even though she hadn't even touched her wand. Kingsley raised his own wand, aiming for the curtains. 'It's quite alright. Aguamenti!' The fire pattered out, and Hermione looked around guiltily as she surveyed the burnt remains. Kingsley just smiled. 'Now that you've calmed down, I think we can discuss your actual job. What have you got for me?' Brightening a bit, the young witch pulled a stack of files from her bag, dumping them on his desk with vindictive pleasure. 'I installed surveillance charms in all their offices. Their locking enchantments were a joke to crack. Everything major is in here,' she grinned, stroking the top-most file almost lovingly, her smile terrifying enough to rival Bellatrix Lestrange. 'I'd recommend looking at Burke's first though. It's simply fascinating.' Kingsley raised his eyebrows, impressed. 'You got dirt on everyone?' he asked, amazed. With any luck he could have the entire staff of the Department of Mysteries replaced in one go. 'With just one exception,' she replied. 'Malfoy seems clean, as much as it pains me to admit.' 'Well, then I guess we're keeping him,' Kinglsey replied, quirking an eyebrow. 'You've done a great job, Ms Granger. I'll forward these to the Wizengamot as quickly as I possibly can. Feel free to take some time off. I have a feeling you'll get your compensation the moment this next bill is passed.' He grinned as she visibly sighed in relief. 'What'll happen to the Department of Mysteries now?' she asked finally. 'Give me a month, Ms Granger,' Kinglsey assured, grin still firmly in place. 'We can start hiring after that. In the meantime, I suggest you find a way to convince the Wizengamot to let you become the Head of the Department, or you may have to work under Malfoy after all, and all our effort will be for nothing.' Hermione shook her head. "Let him take the post. He's actually doing some good. I'd rather work for the Magical Law Enforcement Deparment, anyway. You know I only took this job as a favour for you, Minister.' Kinglsey regarded her carefully. 'What if you were to take the post for a couple of months, and get everyone settled in before you shift?' he suggested. 'You'll inspire more trust in prospective employees than Malfoy ever could, regardless of his competence. And who knows, you may even like the job enough to stay.' 'Very well, then,' Hermione nodded after a moment. 'I'll do it. But only for a month or two.' She turned and headed for the door. 'That's all I ask.' Kinglsey smiled to himself, eyes still on the door Hermione had closed behind her. Hermione's Cabin Department of Mysteries Ministry of Magic Hermione's POV 1 hour later… Hermione was internally fuming after her meeting with the Minister, taking refuge in her office cabin. Not that it could be called a cabin, per se. It was roughly the size of a broom closet, with a simple table and an uncomfortable wooden chair which she'd placed across from the door. There were no cupboards, drawers or cabinets from her to store her files, making it exceedingly clear how little her superiors valued her as a member of the department. Hermione wouldn't be surprised of her cabin had in fact been a broom closet at some point. Someone knocked on her door, drawing her out of her musings. 'Granger? Can I come in?' A muffled voice asked from outside the door. Only one person in the DoM ever bothered knocking, and he was also the only person who actually used her name. Or surname, as it were. So of course, she instantly knew who it was. 'Come in, Malfoy,' she replied, quickly trying to clear the huge piles of files on her 'desk,' but there was nowhere to put them. She almost laughed as a blond head poked its way through the partially open doorway, followed closely by the rest of him. He was dressed in collared black robes, but wore a deep grey Muggle-style tie on top. Hermione wasn't sure if he knew the Muggle association – ties were now the height of fashion in the wizarding world, and many of her superiors wore them to 'get with the times,' ignorant of the Muggle link. 'Granger, I need some advice,' he began, happily perching on the one tiny unoccupied edge of her rickety table without waiting for an invitation. 'Yes, Malfoy?' she prompted, rolling her head back in exasperation. The man was both infuriating and adorable at once. Despite joining the Department a month after her and being less qualified, he still outranked her, and she couldn't afford to be rude to him, even when he waltzed around her tiny office as if he owned it. 'Once you're the head of the DoM, should I stick around and try my luck here, or should I start looking for a new job?' His eyes were suddenly very serious as they bored into hers, and she realized his playful act when he entered had been just that – an act. 'I don't know what you're talking about,' Hermione replied, masking her discomfort as she let her genuine surprise and confusion colour her tone. Lying, she'd learnt from experience, was not about hiding emotions, but showing the right ones. Underneath the surface, however, she felt her heart race and her stomach clench in fear and dread as she wondered how much he knew. Malfoy chuckled, looking ridiculously comfortable as he sat in his tiny corner of the table top. 'Hmm, let's see,' he lifted his hand, ticking off his fingers as he spoke. 'Kingsley pressured Burke to get you this job. And I know you snuck into everyone's offices last week, and searched them top to bottom.' He smirked as she opened her mouth to protest, and then snapped it shut. 'I had hidden warding charms on ever cabinet in my office, and you triggered almost all of them. You only missed my liquor stash, by the way. It was under the floor boards.' He winked before continuing, 'I also may have seen you leaving Urquart's office late in the night, right after he headed out to meet that slimy lady friend of his. And then, you just came back from the Minister's office looking like a cat that caught the canary.' He watched her, smirk firmly in place as he surveyed her. 'So either you're having a torrid love affair with the Minister and are as paranoid as Mad-Eye Moody, or, you've been gathering incriminating information on practically every person who works in this department, and handed it