Here is the new story I've been telling you about with the pairing of Fred and Hermione. I can't wait anymore, so here is the first chapter of "Playing with Granger". Please let me know at the end what you think. Carry on! Playing With Granger: Chapter 1 When was Harry going to get here? Hermione was anxious to see him for herself. She couldn't believe that she and Ron had been kept from their best friend, especially considering Cedric Diggory had died a several weeks ago, and now Voldemort was back. She knew that Harry needed them right now and it was downright cruel to keep the friends apart. She knew that neither her letters nor Ron's had been answered. Dumbledore wouldn't even talk to them and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had basically ignored them whenever they brought up the subject of Harry. It's as if Harry Potter was now a taboo subject. Hermione was getting tired of being bossed about by Mrs. Weasley making them clean up old, dusty rooms. Even Hermione's own mum never commanded her around like she'd been the past few weeks. Now she wished that she'd gone on holiday with her parents, but the desire to be there for Harry had been greater. He was one of her best friends who needed her right now. She sighed out loud at the thoughts that were rumbling through her mind. All they were doing were making her more anxious about Harry and his current predicament. Hermione wandered into the dark and dusty library at Grimauld Place. She really wanted to search the massive piles of books found on the shelves, but Sirius had warned her that it would be dangerous to do so. Instead, she went and sat down on an old sofa that had seen better days or years for that matter. Feeling bored and getting tired of looking at books instead of reading them, Hermione heard a voice, "Hey Granger. Why are you sitting here looking bored? Already perused all of the old tomes?" Fred Weasley strolled in and flopped down on the sofa next to her, his body close to her. His long legs stretched out in front of him as he jiggled his foot. His head turned towards her as he rubbed his chin, "I'm surprised to see you here by yourself. I thought you'd be wanting to spend some time with ickle Ronnikins" His eyebrows waggled as he gave her a suggestive look. Hermione gave a great sigh as she gave Fred a curious glance; "He's currently a great bother to be around. I'm not Harry and thus I don't want to sit around all day talking about Quidditch, nor do I want to play Quidditch with he and Ginny." "Well, that is a problem isn't it?" He stretched his arm along the back of the sofa and turned towards her. "What would you like to play Granger?" his eyes lingering on her face waiting for an answer. Hermione gaped as she tried hard not to make eye contact with the older boy. Her flushed red as her body started sweating. Little did he know it wasn't his little brother she was interested in, but he himself who she wanted to get to know better and spend time with. The problem was, he only saw her as his younger brother and sister's book loving friend. She was sure that he was interested in someone his own age. Why was he even in here talking to her? Anyhow, she always saw the twins hanging out with Angelina Johnson, Katie Bell, and Alicia Spinnett. They were older and more beautiful witches than she, and there was no reason for Fred to look at her other than a friend of the Weasley family. "Play? What are you on about Fred?" she said as she slid him a guarded look, trying hard not to stare into his mischievous, brown eyes. She knew she could get lost in them if she looked too long. "I'm sure we could think of something to do whilst stuck in this dreary place." Fred's words were meant to tease her and she blushed listening to his words. His fingers tangled in her hair as he twirled a stray curl. His mere touch could make her mind go completely blank. She needed to change the subject and do it quickly. It wouldn't do for her to give away that his touch was affecting her in any way. Her heart skittered as he continued watching her. "When is Harry coming to Grimauld Place? You have heard something haven't you Fred?" It was so hard flirting, especially with him. This was one area of expertise that she knew nothing about. Maybe if she'd only listened more to Lavender and Parvati and their long discussion about how to flirt with the male population of Hogwarts, she wouldn't feel so out of her comfort zone. Fred sat back up scrutinizing her as she turned on the sofa to finally look at him. His eyes seemed to be tracing each of her facial features. She could feel a blush coming on as he continued to stare at her. Hermione couldn't ever recall a time when a look from Fred made her feel dizzy. "He'll be here soon, at least according to mum and dad. He has to stay with those Muggles for a while." Fred shook his head; "I can't imagine the thought of staying any amount of time with Muggles like the ones he lives with. They truly are awful." "You do know that all Muggles aren't like Harry's family, right?" Hermione looked back at Fred who was still watching her closely as if studying her for an exam. His close scrutiny was making it hard to breath. His brown eyes lit up with glee, "Really? I thought all Muggles locked up their relatives and starved them skinny. They also are gullible as toddlers," he said in a mocking tone, though there was a grin trying to escape his face. Hermione tried hard not to laugh out loud knowing that Fred was pulling her leg. She bit her lip trying to hide her mirth, but her eyes locked with Fred's' and they both started chuckling and couldn't stop. That was one thing that Hermione could always count on, that Fred could amuse her even at the hardest times. Hermione reached up to wipe the tears off of her face. She had laughed so hard that she'd cried. He really was the only person that could do that to her. Most of the time Ron was only able to make her angry at something he'd said. This is why she liked Fred the most, but no one else knew about her well-kept secret. Fred reached over and pulled her into a big hug. "Oh, it's OK Granger. You don't need to cry." Where did those tingles come from that zipped down her arms and settled in her stomach? The hug seemed to last forever until… "Oi brother, what are your arms doing around Granger?" George came bouncing into the library with a smirk on his face. Fred and Hermione jumped apart at the intrusion of the twin. "Ron and Ginny are headed this way looking for that one," he said pointing at Hermione. Hermione stood with wobbly knees and a shy smile, glancing one more time at Fred, "Bye you two. Try to stay out of trouble for a few minutes." "Never Granger!" Fred yelled at her as she left the room. George stood there, eyebrows raised watching his brother. "What?" Fred got up shrugging his shoulders and smoothing his sweaty hands down his trousers, "I'm hungry, how about you?" "No, I'm George and you're Fred, though our own mum still has a hard time with that one." They both snickered because they knew it was too true. The poor woman had always had a hard time telling them apart since birth. Of course the twins had always made sure to take full advantage of this fact and use it for their own benefit. "Shall we?" Fred said jovially. "Let's be off brother, " George answered back. The twins apparated to the kitchen knowing it would bother their mum that they hadn't just walked there; anything to get a rise out of her would make the day better. Hermione had rounded the corner when Ron and Ginny came running up to her. "Did you hear Hermione? Dad just said that Harry and his cousin were attacked by Dementors in Little Whinging" Ron spoke more quickly than he normally did. "How could that happen and in front of a Muggle? They shouldn't be straying away from Azkaban." Hermione leaned against the wall hoping it would help hold her up in her shock. "Are they OK? Who saved them? "They went to get Harry to bring him back here. I hope that he's OK," Ginny almost started crying. Her face was pale as her blue eyes showed her concern. "He was supposed to be protected whilst staying at the Dursley's house. Who allowed this to happen?" The anger was slowly growing inside of her. This also added to the frustration of none of the adults helping her and Ron stay in touch with him all summer. With everything terrible that had happened during their fourth year and now to be attacked by Dementors? How much more did Harry have to go through in his sad life? She wanted to tell off professor Dumbledore the next time she saw him, even though that wasn't a proper thought being a student at his school. Fred and George came running into the room. "Is it true? Did you hear about Harry?" asked Fred. "Blimey, who would've believed that Dementors would be out where Muggles live." George shook his head in disbelief. Hermione crossed her arms in front and tried to shake off the cold chill that was running through her. "We're just waiting now until The Order members bring him back here to Grimauld Place." She looked up to see Fred watching her. His hand rubbed the side of his face, eyebrows drawn together, and replacing Fred's normally happy countenance. Ginny stood clinging to Ron's side with her hands clasped together. George started pacing across the room, not letting his gaze linger on any of them, afraid what he would see there. Ron's hand kept running through his hair, where he finally pulled Ginny down by him on a sofa. Hermione tried clearing her throat as she felt there was cotton stuck in her mouth. "Would anyone else like some tea?" All heads turned to her as if she had spoken a foreign language. They'd all been taken by surprise at her words, as they all were deeply lost in their own thoughts. If she didn't do something she was sure she'd go crazy with anger. Ginny shook her head no, and buried it back into Ron's shoulder. For once the boy was showing a sense of feeling beyond his maturity. His arm curled protectively around his younger sister "That would be nice, please." Fred answered back softly as he pinned her with his eyes. "Me too Hermione, thanks," said George looking down at the floor. Hermione nodded to them both and hurried to the kitchen. She wanted to be anywhere but in that room where the tension felt stifling. How could this have happened to Harry? As she was preparing the tea, she heard Ginny shout out, "Harry!" and then she heard the welcomes from the other Weasleys. Leaving the tea behind, Hermione went running back into the library where the sea of red heads parted and the dark head of her best friend stood. Hermione flung herself at him and Harry hugged her back fiercely. She didn't think he'd ever let go. "Harry you scared us so much," Hermione tried to hold back the tears that she felt were threatening to burst out. "Hermione, I'm fine. My aunt and