A/N: Inspiration surged throw me when i checked the list of Prompts i have on my phone, and obviously, i had to make it Dramione. Kudos for the person who tells me who is Lucius's friend. PROMPT: I'm lost and I just want to leave this stupid party so I'm looking for my friend Marco who brought me here and YOU'RE THAT ASSHAT WHO KEEPS SHOUTING "POLO" WHENEVER I CALL FOR HIM. "Marco!" I yell as I pass that weird ass pool toy for the third time. I keep trying to find him outside, opposite to going inside the house, seeing as a bunch of people keep chanting "KISS! KISS! KISS!" which makes me try to avoid the surely happening orgy going in there. Twice I made the mistake of going in, and I keep getting smashed against the wall and losing my things. (How am I going to explain my father that I lost my Honeycomb Bracelet in a frat-boy infested party in Isla Mujeres?) This wasn't supposed to end like this. I came to have a good time and relax from the all the stress of college. What a better way to do that than coming to Cancun for Spring Break, right? It was supposed to be magical: Spa treatments all day, getting tanned by the pool in the afternoons, and wine-infused Mediterranean cuisine for dinner. Even better, I would be sharing it with my best friends Harry, Ron and Ginny. Yup, what a magical plan that was. Until my father insisted that I take my cousin Marco to "watch out for me". The moment that little bastard got into the plane, I knew my plans for relaxation would be gone. Instead, alcohol poisoning and goodbye Ron and Harry sounded just about right. "God Damn it." I say under my breath. "MARCO!" I yell again as I stand in the doorway of the house. "POLO!" I hear that insufferable voice again. I've been looking for my cousin for about 30 minutes now, and every time I yell his name some asshole keeps yelling Polo back. At first, I thought that was Marco, but by the second time that idiot yelled back, I knew I was out of luck. I called Harry and Ron numerous times to come and pick me the hell up from this party, but only God knows how are they going to pick up with their eardrums turned into mush and their tongues down a girls´ throat. That's right, my two guy best friends ditched me to go clubbing. We all went out together to have dinner, but then we lost them in Señor Frogs and I haven't heard from them ever since. I, of course, wanted to go back to my hotel; but then, Ginny had to go and make pretty eyes with the beautiful, dark-skinned, dazzling smile, go- you get my point- gorgeous guy at the bar; which resulted in him inviting us to his party. As her best friend, I couldn't leave Ginny alone with this guy who, although gorgeous, was a complete stranger. But then my idiot cousin heard Isla Mujeres, and he was SO on board. After getting in the Ferry, we finally got here. Ginny went straight to the kitchen with chocolate daddy (whose name I learned was Blaise) and promptly disappeared on me after 15 minutes. As I was looking for her, I lost Marco. And here I am now. I am so ready to go back to Le Blanc, but 1: Blaise was our ride to his house, 2: I've got no money after losing my damn purse, and 3: I'm not a shitty best friend, so leaving without Ginny is not an option. Now Marco, Marco can go fuck himself. Not really, my parents would absolutely murder me if I returned home without him. I do not understand how Marco hasn't gotten caught after all the shenanigans he gets himself into. Everybody thinks he's so smart and such a good boy. Truth is, he IS hella smart, but he's also 2% responsable and 100% party boy. I enter the house once again, clutching my cellphone inside my bra, and hoping to come out alive. 15 minutes after, I have searched all rooms upstairs, and nothing. Absolutely no trace of Ginny or Marco. After one failed mistake of spotting red hair in a room (trust me, it wasn't Ginny and I am forever scarred), 3 "Polos!" and one bathroom break, I am so over this party and I want to kill myself. "MARCO!" I scream as I go down the stairs. And then I see him. Like a slow-mo camera, my eyes sweep the room until they fall on him, catching him mid-laugh. He turns around to face me, throws his blond head back and cups his mouth with one hand, extending his other arm and cup to the ceiling and yelling out "POLO!" "It's you!" I scream with anger as I finally find the stinky guy who's been annoying me all my Marco-and-Ginny-search. Only he's not stinky looking. At all. He looks like every teenager girl's wet dream, with his blond hair, royal looking features and slim but muscular body. He's wearing a muscle tee, with blue swimming shorts, and a big shit-eating grin that turned to confusion when he stared at me. "You're the asshole who keeps yelling Polo!" I said after I realized that I was taking far too long to say something. "Yeah!" he said, grin back in place. "I was wondering when you'd find me. You're kinda bad at this game." He laughs. And damn it, it was a nice laugh. "It's not a game!" I snapped, and then tried to calm down a little, because I could tell he was not being mean. He actually thought it was a game. And maybe, because I realized how pretty his eyes were. They were a shade of grey I've only seen on sparkly silver, and they were a little hazy, due to the contents of his cup. "I lost my cousin Marco and I've been looking for him all of this time." I explained. He nodded and kept his eyes on me, until I coughed a bit uncomfortable. "Oh! Right! Well, where did you last see him? Maybe you should start from there." He said. "I don't even remember. I was looking for my friend Ginny because I lost her when-" "Wait!" he laughs. "You lost your cousin AND your friend? Damn, Granger, anything else you might have lost tonight?" he laughs again while taking a drink of his cup. Wait, what? "Wait, how do you kno- HEY! That's my Mikimoto Bracelet! Give it back!" I demand as my eyes zero on the silver bracelet on his wrist. On MY bracelet that I thought was forever gone. He looks down to his wrist confused, and then his expression clears when he realizes what I'm talking about. "Is this yours? I took it away from a guy who was picking it up from the floor. It looked too expensive to belong to a guy who wears Aeropostale." He says as his eyes roam the crowd behind me as if looking for the Aeropostale wearing guy. He hands me his cup and unclasps the bracelet off of him. He takes back his cup and latches his teeth to the rim of the cup, jaw bones clenching, preventing it from falling, and his grey pools find my eyes over the Red Solo Cup. He motions with both of his hands towards mine, and I take the message. I hold my right wrist towards him and he attempts to clasp the bracelet onto it, but as my eyes find his again, I notice the tremble of the cup and I fear he is going to splash us both with the alcoholic contents of the drink. "Wait, give that back before you drench me in your poison." I say as I take the cup into my left hand, accidently brushing my fingers against his face. "Look at you taking my drink from me already. I like to take it easy, Granger." He chuckles as he resumes on putting my bracelet. I look down as it stays safely on my wrist before looking back at him. "How do you know me? I'm sure I've never seen you before. I'm sure I'd remember you." I say, before blushing as he smirks and raises an eyebrow at me. "Can't forget this face, right?" he leers at me. I blush once again, and then he chuckles into his drink. "You're Hermione Granger. Your father is the owner of Granger and Co., and he has won many cases for mine. Besides, I recognize you from the magazines; although, you always look so posh and properly dressed in them. Which leads me to wonder, what on earth are you doing in one of my best friend's parties, in Isla Mujeres, and dressed like that?" he points his finger at me with a smirk. I must be looking like he just told me he's an alien and he will proceed to eat me alive. What the hell? Who is this guy and why does he know my Wikipedia pag- wait a second. Blond hair, makes fun of poor people, dad has had to get out of trouble many times. Malfoy. How did I not recognize him sooner? "Know me now?" he laughs. "Yeah, I think I do. Daddy knows you're here?" I say. "Who do you think payed for this trip?" He says as he drowns the remains of his cup. "Of course, he doesn't know that." He says with a wink, throwing the plastic cup to the floor. "Pick that up! There's a trash can, you know? Don't you want to help your friend tomorrow when all of this ends?" "Pretty sure we have a lady for that. And just so you know it, it is 2:20. Tomorrow is in a few hours." He says with a smirk, walking towards the kitchen. 2:20? I've been here for 3 hours already! God Damn it Marco and Ginny! I follow him to the kitchen where I make sure he throws the cup into the trash, and I watch as he makes himself another drink. "Want one?" he asks as he watches me watch him. "I don't drink." "Oh come on! This is Spring Break! What did you come here to do? Get tanned?" he laughs. "Well, yeah." I say a little offended. "Not everyone comes here to get smashed. " Right on cue a guy tumbles onto me. He laughs wetly on my ear as his arms wrap around my waist and I yelp as we both fall to the floor. "Get off of me, you idiot!" I scream as I try to get away. "Sorry babe, too much alcohol on this guy." Another dude says as he pries his friend from me. Malfoy laughs as he helps me get off of the floor. "What was that? Not everyone comes here to get smashed?" "Shut up." I say as I brush myself off. "Shouldn't you be looking for your friend and cousin?" "I'm dead tired. I can't find them, they won't answer their cellphones, my other friends won't answer either and I just want to leave." I say with a little whine as I put my arms and head on the kitchen counter. "There, there." Malfoy pats my back, after an awkward beat. "Well, how do they look like? I'll help you look." "Really?" I peek at him from my arms. "No, I just said so you would get your hopes up and cry endlessly when you realized I was joking." He drawls with a blank face. I glare at him as I straighten up. "My friend Ginny has red hair, peachy skin, was dressed in a blue romper last I saw her. My cousin is olive skinned, uh, has curly black hair, was dressed in cargo shorts and a red shirt last I saw him,