Harry and Cedric leave the graveyard in Little Hangleton almost as soon as they arrive. The repercussions of that choice ring across the timeline. Chapter 1: Ditching the Graveyard Early The graveyard the tri-wizard cup brought them to was silent and eerie, and the lack of mountains made clear they were far from the school. Harry looked to Cedric. "Is this supposed to be part of the task?" Cedric bit his lip. "I don't see any tournament personnel. I don't like this at all." He grabbed Harry and grabbed the cup. A dizzying moment later, they were back in the center of the maze, Cedric throwing the cup aside before they could somehow re-activate it. "What are you doing?" said Harry. "What if that was part of the tournament?" "Then we'll do it later. More importantly, what if it wasn't? That place was spooky, no one told us about any sort of tiebreaker, and if they had one, shouldn't it be on school grounds?" Harry frowned. He was processing slowly, but he hadn't liked being unexpectedly portkeyed to a graveyard either. Cedric said, "This whole tournament's been fishy. What, with you being in it." Harry stared at him, and stepped away from the cup. A large part of him was still screaming to take the cup, that it would be horribly embarrassing to stop in the middle of a task because he was afraid it wasn't really a task, but all the bad situations he'd been in, plus a year of listening to Professor Moody yell about Constant Vigilance brought caution to mind. Professor Moody came around the corner, freezing as he saw Cedric and Harry at the center of the maze, the cup not far away. "What are you waiting for?" said Moody. Harry opened his mouth to tell Moody about the graveyard, but Cedric spoke first. "What are you doing in the maze?" "Security," said Moody. "Can't be too careful. So let's get this over with. Take the cup, Harry." Harry started for it, but stopped when Cedric said, "Why should Harry take the cup? I got to it first." Harry stared at Cedric, and the older boy met his eyes wearing a pleading expression. "That's right," said Harry. "He beat me to it. He grabbed the cup and disappeared, but he reappeared not even a minute later." Cedric said, "The cup took me to a graveyard. I didn't like it." "Just part of the challenge," Moody said. "Well then," said Cedric, taking a step toward the cup. "Stop," shouted Moody. "Harry, take the cup." Cedric smiled, raised his wand, and said, "Reducto ." The cup blew into pieces. Moody screamed, then screamed again. "Avada Kedavra ! " Cedric dodged the green light while casting, "Bombarda Maxima." Moody dodged, the hedge behind him exploded, and Moody had to shield against Harry's blasting curse. Cedric took the moment's respite to shoot red sparks into the air, calling for help. Harry didn't know what was happening, or why Moody was attacking them, but it was happening, and if they worked together, they could do this. Two wands were greater than one. Four stone wolves rose from the earth around Moody and ran at Cedric. Moody sent a string of Stunning Spells at Harry, who dodged some and blocked others with protego, his shield cracking with each hit. Cedric got a wolf with a blasting curse, but then the other three were on him, and he was desperately keeping them at bay with shields. Harry's shield broke, and he dodged the stupefy so fast he fell. Moody said, "Imperio." The near familiar pleasure washed over him, the sense that everything was alright, but it was stronger than ever before. Moody was serious this time. Moody said, "You will come with me to the edge of the maze, and you will say that nothing is wrong." If he gave in, Cedric would die, and whatever horrible thing Moody wanted to do would happen. " Reducto " cast Harry, then "reducto!" again. Moody shielded against the first, but the second was aimed not at Moody but at the wolves attacking Cedric, destroying one, throwing another off balance. Cedric destroyed it, and the other, immediately dodged another Killing Curse, and hit back with bombarda as Harry cast another reducto. Harry was growing tired, fearful he wouldn't be able to cast many more spells. Two Aurors arrived on broomsticks, responding no doubt to the red sparks. One of them cast a shield between the combatants, and Moody sent a curse at the Auror, who rolled to avoid it. Then both Aurors were casting at Moody, who stepped back and back again, looking increasingly wild. And Dumbledore stepped appeared at the edge of the area. His voice boomed even as his spells shielded Moody from the barrage. "What is the meaning of this?!" Harry screamed a warning, but knew he was too late. Moody turned, the green light of the Killing Curse headed straight for the unsuspecting Dumbledore. A plinth of earth rose, the air itself seemed to explode, and when the dust cleared, Moody was bound and gagged, his wand in Dumbledore's hand, the Headmaster's face a study in confusion. Cedric shouted a concise report while Harry gaped. "The cup was a portkey to a graveyard, and Professor Moody wanted Harry to grab it. He was willing to kill me and cast the Imperius Curse on Harry." Harry offered his shout agreement, and Dumbledore's bright blue eyes met his own. He had a strange feeling, images flashing quickly through his mind, and Dumbledore frowned. The larger remaining pieces of the cup rose from the ground. "Smart then, to break it." Dumbledore flicked his wand again. First a stunning spell, and then Moody was transformed into a small grey rock, which Dumbledore pocketed. He said to the Aurors, "Let's make this look as close to normal as possible. A pair of galleons from Dumbledore's pocket were turned into a cup, which he tossed onto the ground. "Take it, whichever of you would rather be known as Tri-Wizard champion. It is not a portkey. Act calm and say nothing of this. Whatever plot is afoot, we'd better not tip off the plotters more than we must." Harry made eye-contact with Cedric. After fighting for his life against the Defense Professor, it felt very strange to be considering again the glory of winning the tournament. "Same as before?" he said. "Sure," said Cedric, also a little pale, and they approached the cup. Dumbledore said, "You intend to tie?" They nodded, and Dumbledore spoke to the Aurors, who were hovering a few feet up on broomsticks. "We're going with the boys to the stadium. We'll explain that they tied, and the portkey malfunctioned. We'll get Fudge, and we'll get the boys to my office as quickly as feasible without tipping our hand in a game we don't know the rules of." Harry and Cedric grabbed the fake cup together. # # An hour later, the (somewhat confused) roaring of the crowd already a distant memory, they were making witness statements to a woman named Amelia Bones, who seemed to be both very important and very disturbed. They were kept in a room with four Aurors and Professor McGonagall while Amelia Bones, Dumbledore, and Harry didn't know who all else went somewhere. Harry supposed they'd gotten the location of the graveyard. Cedric was allowed to talk with his father, then had a private talk with Professor Dumbledore once the later had come back, looking very tense. Cedric left, and it was Harry's turn for a private talk with the Headmaster. "Lemon drop?" Harry took a few. One of the Aurors had brought him a sandwich a glass of milk, but he was tired and hungry despite that. "Sir, why did Moody attack us?" "It wasn't Alastor Moody who attacked you. In fact, this entire year, it wasn't Alastor Moody who taught you." "I don't understand." "I have made a grievous and shameful mistake, one which nearly cost us everything. Which nearly killed you and returned Voldemort to power. This summer, Alastor Moody was captured by Bartemius Crouch Jr., who, between legilimency, veritaserum and Polyjuice Potion, did a regrettably excellent job impersonating him. "But not a perfect job. I'd hardly seen him in ten years. That he'd changed was no surprise. If at times I thought he'd changed in ways I wouldn't have expected, well, that was hardly beyond the realm of human experience. That he might not be Alastor Moody never occurred to me all." Dumbledore continued, "Alastor Moody himself spent the entire year locked in his own trunk in Moody's office. His hair was used for Polyjuice Potion, and he was continually interrogated so Crouch Jr. could provide whatever details Moody ought to know." "But what, the point of it all, why..." Dumbledore said, "In order to resurrect Lord Voldemort." Harry gaped. "I've cut off many of his pathways to resurrection, but I freely confess that Voldemort's knowledge of the Darkest Arts surpasses my own. It seems he intended a ritual which would've used the bones of his father. We've removed those, and those of other close relatives on his father's side. His mother's body, we've yet to find." "It also required the blood of his enemy. I suppose there are only two people he thought worth considering." He pointed to himself and to Harry. "We are lucky that the ritual apparently required the blood to be fresh and taken very much against your will, and with your approximate knowledge of the purpose-that makes the victory more complete, you see. The date is also significant. Three days after the summer solstice, three days being a famously significant time period in resurrections, the summer solstice being the longest day of the year. Though there are other dates that might work, that's likely the best for it, and Voldemort has always placed great store in magical symbolism. "Through the Imperius Curse, he was able to get the day of the final task to coincide." Harry said, "Why not just grab me, and hit me with a portkey?" "Hogwarts' wards prevent portkeys from operating. However, the event planners wanted the cup to be a portkey which would take the winner directly to the stadium. As Headmaster, I am master of Hogwarts' wards. I keyed the cup to them. Even so, I had to temporarily deactivate a layer. He changed the destination of my portkey, interfering with it as little as possible so he wouldn't break it. "I've been to the graveyard. Voldemort had already fled when I arrived, and the trail quickly went cold, though I expect to be out there once more tomorrow. While there, I noticed a ward on the graveyard. It was intended to allow portkeying in but not out, but it didn't function properly. We may be thankful that Voldemort has been reduced to relying on Pettigrew, who is not the most competent of wizards." "Peter Pettigrew?" said Harry. "He fled to Voldemort. An unfortunate occurrence, made doubly so by the fact that Minister refuses to entertain the possibility that Pettigrew is alive, which rather undercuts our ability to conduct a manhunt for him. Thankfully, Ms. Bones is a flexible woman, fully capable pursuing a man she officially believes to be dead." That was important, Pettigrew was important, Sirius needed the Ministry to accept that Pettigrew was alive, but something else was more important. Harry said, "Sir, if Cedric hadn't made us go back, or if Pettigrew had made the ward right, Voldemort would be alive again?" "As powerful as ever, perhaps. And you and Cedric would likely both be dead. It is disturbing how much we owe to the good sense of Cedric Diggory." "He oughta get a thousand house points," said Harry, sick laughter rising up. "If Voldemort returned..." He shivered. If Harry had grabbed the cup alone, without Cedric, he would've stubbornly stayed in the graveyard waiting to find out why he was there, and