Hi everyone. First off I haven't got a Beta so I apologize in advance for my grammar and spelling mistakes. And yes English is my native tongue, I'm just appalling at writing stories (even though I love it). Second this starts slow but quickly turns into a hot insta-love smutty fest. I have recently discovered Alexa Riley books and OMG. Please go and read her stuff if you want anything hot and steamy. Trust me she's brilliant at erotica. (oh yea if your under age or not into smut or sex scenes please don't read) 3rd point is some of the characters will be OOC. Enjoy and please if you want to comment go right ahead. All feedback is welcome and appreciated. :) Oh and clearly all Harry Potter related stuff is the property of the amazing J.K Rowling, I am simply playing around with them for a bit ;) The Werewolf's Mate. Emerald eyes classed with mercurial silver. "What the fuck do you mean she's missing?" The prisoner shouted as he stood up scrapping the chair as it slammed away from him. Harry remained seated glaring daggers at the ex-death eater and his school nemesis Draco Malfoy. "Whats it too you Malfoy? Wanted to torment her instead on the case instead of actually giving us anything useful about Greyback?" Harry angrily sat back. It had been over a week ago that the Auror's department had received a call from Azkaban saying one of the prisoners wanted a word with Granger asap regarding Fenrir Greyback. A death eater and werewolf who had escaped during the last war and was pillaging and rampaging through the UK. Unfortunately 3 days ago Hermione had gone missing - poof without a trace. Harry had been the lead investigator until he was reminded by his supervisor Shacklebolt that Malfoy had important information regarding the wanted nutcase still on the loose and since Harry was B.F.F's with Hermione it was only fitting he take her place and interrogate the ferret. Malfoy's parents had been murdered during the war by Voldemort himself for trying to defect, Draco was kept alive but was unable to escape punishment for his attempted murder on Dumbledore and letting in the Death Eaters into Hogwarts back in 6th year. His punishment 4 years in the only UK wizard prison. Draco starred Daggers across to the Auror who was such a faggot. What the fuck did they mean his princess was missing? Where was she? Could his dream be actually a premonition. He felt the fury build up inside as he flexed his muscles and cracked his knuckles trying to ease the tension in his body. Now was not the time to go feral on Boy Wonder. " What Granger means to me inst your concern, but I am wondering why the fuck the Auror's have their top man interrogating me instead of looking for her?" Harry was shocked, there was no venom in his voice when speaking about Hermione, it almost came across as a concern. Two years certainly changed a person. Suprisingly in looks aswell. Draco was no longer the pointy skinny bean pole he was back at Hogwarts. In Harry's opinion he looked as if he'd taken a intense workout session at the gym loaded with roids. He wasn't huge like the wannabe steroid munches you see at the muggle gym but he certainly wasn't a stick anymore. His muscles flexing and tensing every time he moved. What was more of a surprise was the tattooed sleeve he had on his left arm. The once black mark of the death eaters was now an extraordinary piece of artwork. The Snake had remained but with silver and green scales now overlapping the black, but the skull had been replaced with what looked like the dungeons back at Hogwarts, cold damp and dark corridors. Above the dungeon image was a tower and above it was what can only be described as the most enchanting and magical looking female lion anyone had every seen. Her fur shot with gold and red highlights and her eyes, never had he seen a lioness with warm chocolate eyes (not that he'd seen an actual lion up close) Draco noticed the boy who was probably fucking Weasley, was studying his tattoo. If it wasn't for his missing lioness he'd of proudly shown of the art work, proving his claim over the Gryffindor princess but right now they had to find her and fast. "Potter stop ogling me like a love sick teen, your not my type" Draco growled briging the Boy who lived back to reality "Grow up Draco" " Oh did you not get enough? Clearly your glasses have broken. I have deffinatly grown UP" Draco smirked back Harry rolled his eyes and went back to interrogating the git. "Look I'm here because you said you had information on Greyback, or was that a load of bullshit?" Draco's eyes snapped back to Potter's irritated at being called a Liar. "And like I told you I will only speak to Granger" "Bloody hell Malfoy I told you she's missing" "Well I guess you better let me out so I can find her and tell her myself" Draco smirked even more. Before Harry could snap back a whispy blue dog came bounding into the sealed room wagging its tail back and forth as it sat at Harry's feet. It only toke another second before it began playing Ron's voice "Shacklebolt wants us back at the office, we got a tip that Greyback might have Hermione and is threatning to kill her if we dont agree to his terms" With that the dogs whispy form disappared Harry swore but was soon startled by the two fists that crashed into the table in front of him He was shocked as he watched Malfoy now pacing back and forth swearing and cursing while he threw the chair across the room, hit the wall and shatter into a million pieces. Harry pulled out his wand and aimed "Malfoy dont make me subdue you, what the fucks gotten into you?" Draco turned to face Harry, who gasped in shock. No longer was he sporting his trademark silver eyes but bright golden yellow, his hands stretching a flexing as snow white fur began to grow on the backs of his hands while his nails stretched into deathly sharp claws. " Your a werewolf" "No shit Merlin!" Draco growled out. "Thats how you no how to find Greyback, he's the one who turned you isn't he? He's your alpha?" At the mention of Greybacks possible superiority over him Draco launched himself at his old school rival and knocked him onto the floor, lowering himself into his face he snarled "That monster is no Alpha to me, and if you don't release me he will kill my mate" Draco stepped back and began pacing again. Harry slowly got up stunned at this new revelation. "So explain to me why we are babysitting ferret face?" Ron grumbled for the thousandth time that day "Ron he's helping us find Hermione" "How do we no he isnt going to run off and join Greyback?" "Because the bastard toke what was mine" Draco growled at the ginger Ron scooted back a bit on the lounge and out of reach of his growing claws. Harry had kept the whole Hermione is Draco's mate thing to himself but it looked like Draco didnt care who knew. " Um noones touched your mansion Malfoy its still the same as when you where arrested, jeez your wealth is fine stop being dramatic "Ron replied Malfoy was about to lunge at the little weasel when Harry stepped in between the pair. "Ron Greyback's taken someone very important to Draco" "Shes more then important Potter, shes my world" Draco interrupted "Ok fine then, Greyback toke Draco's mate and hasnt marked her yet which means Greyback could and it would kill Malfoy and his mate would live a very misserable tormented life, unable to be with her true mate but unable to die of heartache since she was never marked by him but marked by another" Ron looked appauld "Look I aint a fan of Malfoy but whoever the girl is doesnt deserve that fate" "Thats why he's here" Harry added Ron grabbed Harry and whispered "No I meant being Malfoys mate must suck" Draco with his dog like hearing heard everyword the weasel spat He growled at the red hair in warning " Trust me when I say this Weasel, noone will ever be good enough for my lioness except me, she is my whole world and I would willingly die for her. That includes tolertaing her annoying pests she calls friends, but it doesnt mean I cant hurt them a little." Ron looked puzzled Harry slapped his hand on his face at what he knew was coming next "Who is your mate Malfoy?" Draco smirked at the Weasel as he spoke her name "Hermione Granger" Hermione slowly drifted in and out of consciousness. She was having trouble, struggling with her own mind as it try to rationalize on where she was since none of it felt or even smelt familiar. It was cold, and damp that similar to the dungeons back at Hogwarts, but this didn't have the homely feel to it that the castle did. No this felt sinister and stank of death. As her eyes adjusted and readjusted to the dark cold room realizing her arms had been shackled to a wall. The sound of crunching bones brought a shiver to her overheated body and a sniffing sound. She felt them before she could see them, the blood dripping from their face onto her own as the nuzzled her neck. "Your awake my little pet, no need to fear me...yet. We are just waiting for your pathetic mate to show up then the fun begins" The person growled. Her eyesight was still hazy but from the wet dog stench and animalistic flare to the voice Hermione knew this was Fenrir Greyback who had kidnapped her and was using her for a revenge thing on her mate, whoever that was. It finally explained though the string of failed relationships. She was clearly a werewolf's mate, but which werewolf? Most on the ministry registry where either too young or had already found their mate. She was glad she wasn't Greyback's that would just be nightmarish. A flash of anger hit her though at his hidden identity. Their craving and mate lust for her had started less under 6 months ago, a clear indication they where both of proper age and her body was primed for breeding. Normally the idea of being nothing but a baby maker to a magical creature was not a fantasy she had ever had or desired but that changed 6 months ago when she woke up in a dreadful sweat panting and needing a release from the growing fire between her thighs. Vibrators, fingers and even her own wand couldn't bring her the climatic orgasm her body had been craving. It frustrated her to no end. Hermione had finally made an appointment at St Mungoes hoping it was a curse or something but that was supposed to be Saturday, her first day off in months. Until the stupid flea bag who was crunching on something or someones bones kidnapped her. Guess she didn't need it now but when she did meet her mate she was going to give him an earful before he even lays one finger or claw on her. Making her suffer this whole time. "Harry tell flea bag to slow down" Ron shouted over the wind rushing past their faces. After a new lead indicated that Hermione was being held somewhere north of Sherwood forest the Aurors had decided on taking their brooms, since neither had been to that part of England and to set up a proper port key was time wasted. They had grudgingly given Draco