Disclaimer: I most unfortunately own nothing. I'm not making any money for writing this either. :c Pairing(s): Elrohir/Elladan, Legolas/Gimli Warnings: Booze, graphic slash (malexmale), twincest. Summary: Alcohol, archery and a bet gone horribly wrong. ...Or is it horribly right? Standalone prequel to "The Kings Tribute". Notes: I've had this in the works for a while. :3 This is predominantly twincest. I wasn't sure how to write anything particularly intimate concerning Legolas/Gimli. I love them as a pairing, but I'm fairly positive I'd make a wreck out of it. Anyhow, please review! All good writers need feedback to improve their work! Narcissism and Pride The Valar are toying with me ...It was a nightmare; it must have been. I did not get drunk and sleep with some harlot again. Elrohir thought to himself through a pounding headache. Now, it was nothing new for him to wake up in bed with some strange woman and a raging hangover. His twin wasn't any better. He and Elladan had both gotten their fair share of scolding from their father and anyone else who caught them. Though usually he wasn't this drunk. Usually. Elrohir searched his alcohol hazed memories of the previous night frantically trying to figure out who exactly was pressed up against his back with their arms wrapped so tightly around his waist, without having to open his eyes. But there was nothing, really. Oh wait, no. Something about a bet... Yes! A bet. And some kind of contest... What was it now? "Elrohir?" He heard a very soft, very sheepish whisper in his ear. He knew that voice... Again ? He should have known better, really. Somehow, the times he woke up hung-over with strange women were outnumbered significantly by how many times he'd woken up naked, hung-over and in his twin brother's arms. "Elladan." He replied, without needing to open his eyes. "Again?" He felt his twin nod silently where his head rested on his shoulder. "Do you remember anything?" Elladan asked, loosening his tight grip on Elrohir's waist but not actually pulling away from the embrace. "No. And be quiet. I have a headache." Elrohir answered a little more rudely than necessary. "Sorry." Elladan said simply. "I do. Remember a bit, I mean. And I also have a headache." "Tell me." Elrohir groaned, rolling over to face his twin. Elladan, for whatever reason wrapped his arms back around him and snuggled closer. Ok, so he really didn't want to know, but it would be better to have the story straight later when Elrond was staring them down like an angry dragon for their drunken shenanigans on the night before their sister's wedding. For all the awkwardness of it, both twins had never felt any shame in being close like this. They often slept together of their own accord, but they usually had bedclothes on then. Something felt different this time, Elrohir had to admit, even if he couldn't remember any of it. Elladan on the other hand, wished in a way that he couldn't remember. ...Their father was going to kill them if he found out about this! And one should never feel this way about their brother, let alone their twin brother. Never mind their sister, it was her wedding that they had all come to Minas Tirith for, after all. Arwen would be spitting mad - considering they'd probably overslept it. Legolas came awake slowly, to the sound of someone snoring loudly enough to completely drown out the sound of birds singing outside in the morning sunlight. Wait snoring? Oh Valar. My father is going to kill me. He thought, as the previous night's memories came rushing back. They'd had a drinking contest and a bet. Legolas, being an elf and resistant to the effects of alcohol had an obvious advantage. One he'd kept to himself. But to his misfortune, apparently Aragorn was one hell of an archer when drunk and the Valar had other plans for the elven prince. "Gimli?" Legolas asked, without turning to face the snoring lump he knew was sprawled unceremoniously across the other side of the bed. The snoring stopped abruptly. "What are you doing in my bed, elf? You had best start talking!" The dwarf snapped angrily and clumsily cocooned himself in the blankets, realizing he was stark naked. "It is my bed, actually." Legolas pointed out. "And you agreed to come here and make passionate love to me after confessing your undying adoration for me. Granted I think you were drunk, but I am not complaining. It was nice." Seeing the look of utter shock on poor Gimli's face, Legolas explained form the beginning... "Are you excited for tomorrow?" Elladan asked the man who was very much as good as a brother to him. After all, Elrond had raised him as though he were one of his sons as well. "Aye, that I am." Aragorn answered with a smile. "I was thinking of something else exciting we could do tonight. You know, since it is your last night as a free man." Elrohir suggested with a mischievous look in his cobalt eyes. Elladan groaned, his twin was already half-drunk and had that stupid grin on his face. This would not end well. "What were you thinking of?" Aragorn asked curiously, glancing at him questioningly from behind his tankard. "We should have a drinking contest!" Elrohir replied. Elladan shared a meaningful glance with their friend Legolas who sat beside him. Legolas smirked and did his best not to laugh. Elrohir would certainly lose. "Eh, why not?" Aragorn replied with a wink. "We all know you are already three sheets to the wind, Elrohir." "Elladan, Legolas, you in?" The peredhel asked cheekily. Legolas shook his head. Maybe the half-elven twins weren't immune to the effects of alcohol, but challenging an elf (from Mirkwood of all places) to a drinking contest was pretty stupid. "I will do it." Legolas said offhandedly. "Yeah, fine." Elladan responded, obviously already bored with his brother's antics. Also, he was completely aware that all eyes in the tavern were on them. The now king of Gondor getting drunk with a bunch of elves. What was the world coming to? "What are the stakes?" Aragorn inquired, slyly. "We each take five pints. Whoever's the least drunk is the winner and everyone has to pay him five gold coins each." Elrohir explained. "Sounds fine." Legolas said. He so won this already. "Wait there's more." Elrohir said, waving for him to be quiet. "Once we're done with that, we will have an archery contest." "A drunken archery contest? Are you mad? I mean it sounds hilarious, but awfully dangerous." Legolas asked critically. Elladan shook his head and sighed. No, this was NOT going to end well. "What are the stakes of the archery contest?" Elladan questioned, giving his brother a glare that could have soured milk. "I thought we'd do something fun this time." Elrohir explained, coyly. "The winner is safe. Second and third place have to bed each other. The winner gets to choose any person in the tavern that fourth place has to bed." Legolas choked on his wine as he laughed. Elladan threw his head down against the bar. "Count me in." Aragorn said. "Me too." Legolas chimed in. This would be hilarious to watch. From the not-drunk winner's point of view anyhow. "Ugh. Fine." Elladan muttered dejectedly. "I will get the goods!" Aragorn laughed and ordered the pints. The whole tavern was silent as the other guests crowded around and watched the proceedings. First up, Aragorn and Legolas sat across from each other and downed their beer in silence. Legolas was the obvious victor and Aragorn had a few choice words for him. "Schon of a beeych." He slurred and hobbled away from the table. Elladan and Elrohir shared a nervous glance toward Legolas who was obviously completely sober. "Bastard." Elladan cursed under his breath. "He's won this and he knows it." "Yeah, probably." Elrohir said, somewhat annoyed. They said nothing else as they downed their pints. Elladan succeeded in drinking Elrohir quite literally under the table where he'd fallen off his chair but not quite passed out. He was not, however, the winner as he too was pretty drunk and was forced to fork over the gold coins to Legolas along with the other three. "All right then boys." Legolas said as they stood (if you could call it standing ) in the deserted archery range sometime near midnight. "One shot only. Elrohir, you first." Legolas had to admit, he might be clear headed, but archery was not much good at night. This actually could be a bad thing. Elrohir slurred something completely inarticulate and took aim. It was an absolutely pitiful shot and very nearly missed the target altogether. "Well, that looked painful. Aragorn, your shot." Legolas commanded. Aragon sauntered forward and let his arrow fly without aiming or even a full draw. It landed dead center. "Uuugh. Darmn it." Cursed Elrohir slumping miserably against the wooden fence behind them. Wordlessly, Elladan hobbled forward and took his shot. It landed somewhere between Aragorn and Elrohir's. He only shook his head. He knew, even in his drunken state, that he wasn't going to best Aragorn's lucky little fluke. "My turn, then." Legolas said and stepped forward. He was actually a little worried now. He had no idea how Aragorn had pulled off that shot. He was an atrocious archer when sober and damn if he'd even tried. Legolas aimed very carefully. Yes, Aragorn's arrow was very slightly off center. Just a little to the right. But it was just not Legolas' night. Just as he let the arrow fly, a gust of wind tore through the white city sending his arrow astray. It missed the target entirely. He stared in utter disbelief. "Redo." He murmured and grabbed another arrow. "One shot only." Elladan reminded him, shaking his head. The other drunkards nodded in approval. "Fine, who?" Legolas growled staring venomously at Aragorn. "Geemli." Aragorn commanded and passed out over Elrohir's shoulders causing the tipsy half-elf to fall over. Legolas thought it might have been comical - if he hadn't just asked him to bed the dwarf. Sure, Gimli was a good friend to Mirkwood prince... But really? Ugh. Elladan and Elrohir looked at each other blankly. Elrohir was still sitting on the ground with Aragorn's unconscious body draped over him. Elladan looked a bit nauseous. Oh dear. "Schnot so bad. Like havin' schex wiff yourschelf." Elrohir slurred. Elladan cured under his breath as Legolas managed the feat of picking Aragorn up off the ground. "I'll take care of him." Legolas said. "Uh, have fun you two." "If you do not do it, we will not tell." Elladan said, reaching down and dragging Elrohir to his feet. Elrohir leaned over and kissed Elladan's cheek wetly. "Urrgh. Not here." Elladan said with a flinch and steered his brother back toward to the inn where they were sleeping none too gently. Legolas shook his head. He had to admit, he was a little surprised that Elladan wasn't nearly as plastered as the other two. He was just tipsy enough to do it, though. Poor sod, he'd remember it in the morning for sure. But then, so would Legolas. "Ugh. The dwarf . It had to be the dwarf." Legolas muttered as he dragged Aragorn back to his room and tossed him unceremoniously into Elrohir's bed. He had no idea where Aragorn was sleeping, so Elrohir's room at the inn had to be good enough. …Considering it was deserted. "I cannot believe I am actually doing this." Elladan complained to himself, pinning Elrohir's naked body to the bed beneath him. To his luck, Elrohir was far too drunk to be... functional. Leaving Elladan (thank the Valar) to be the one on top. To be honest, considering their habit of waking up naked together after too much drinking, it was entirely possible this wasn't the first time. Also, Elrohir was starting to