Hey Everyone! Thank you for reading. So i figure this is probably going to be a 2-3 shot. not really sure yet, but it will be short. and dont worry to those of you who are reading survival , im still working on it too. The Fellowship had been walking for miles and miles and miles and Pippin was exhausted! They had been walking all day. All the young hobbit wanted to do was sleep. Well, first we wanted to eat, and then he could sleep. Finally, Gandalf called a halt to the small company at sunset and all of the Fellowship went about doing their assigned jobs for making camp. Sam and Frodo started to prepare the food for cooking their evening meal, while Merry and Pippin went to collect firewood. Legolas had gone to scout the surrounding wooded area and Boromir and Gimli were standing guard. Gandalf and Aragorn were quietly discussing the route that the Fellowship should take. Pippin breathed a sigh of relief when he and Merry stepped out of view from the Fellowship. All day, there had been a tense atmosphere travelling with the group. The tension was so thick it was nearly palpable. Everyone was stressed. The day had started off well enough. Sam had made a delicious breakfast and Merry had sneaked his younger cousin some extra beacon. But then…. something had happened to Legolas's water skin. Now, Pippin did not know who had played the prank, but he knew for certain it was not Merry or himself. Actually, Frodo and Sam should be added to that group because Pippin was almost certain that both Hobbits had also slept through the night. Not to mention that when Legolas had abruptly spit out the water in his mouth, which was very strange to see from an elf, Gandalf had closed his eyes, shook his head and looked heavenward. Aragorn too had a strange expression come over his face. The most surprising reaction was Legolas. After he had finished gagging and spitting, his eyes narrowed dangerously and his head slowly turned towards Gimli. The tall elf had taken a deep breath and just… stared. A dark and threatening aura seemed to radiate from the ethereal creature, as though he were stalking his prey. Aragorn looked like a tightly wound coil, ready to jump and restrain Legolas at a moment's notice. Pippin had turned his head towards the dwarf and he noticed that the bearded creature's face had gone white and his eyes were very large. Pippin realized that Gimli just realized what a dangerous position he had put himself into. Now to be fair to both parties involved, both the elf and the dwarf had been playing pranks on each other since this whole walking-quest thing began. One would prank one day and the other would prank the next. It was just the way it was, but yesterday had been a bad day. Frodo had been talking to Gimli for most of the trek yesterday and, of course, Bilbo's adventures came up. They talked about Gloin and Thorin and all of them, but when they got to the part about Mirkwood, things had gotten…rather ugly. Gimli had loudly talked about how poorly "the sick, twisted elves" and their "gold-hoarding, selfish, evil elf King" had treated the dwarves. And he had gone on and on, and on all afternoon. Now, Legolas had managed to keep his temper under control for the whole day, until the Fellowship had sat down for dinner. Gimli said something under his breath, which Pippin had heard because he has good ears, about Legolas's mother and the next thing Pippin knew, Legolas had actually leaped over the fire to attack Gimli. Thankfully, Aragorn, Boromir and Gandalf had seen it coming; Pippin had been too absorbed in eating at the time to do more than listen. The wizard and the two men had managed to pull them apart before Gimli lost his life at the hands of an enraged elf. Aragorn had to forcibly drag Legolas into the woods and Gandalf had whacked Gimli's helm with his staff. Those two had a very long talk at the edge of camp. It was sometime later when Aragorn and Legolas returned to their small clearing and it was very strange. And scary. Legolas came and sat down next to Aragorn and he stared at Gimli for the rest of the night. That's all he did. He just stared at him. And then this morning, Gimli did something to Legolas's water. Thankfully the elf did not try to attack Gimli again, but he did have a heated debate with Aragorn in whispered elvish. Frodo's face and ears turned red and his eyes had gotten very large. Pippin had asked for a translation, but Frodo had dazedly shaken his head no. So, Pippin was glad to get away. The tension was thick and everyone was waiting for the retribution they all knew Gimli was going to get. It is strange though, that Legolas had not mentioned anything about seeing the group of dwarves in his home when Gimli and Frodo spoke yesterday. The elf did live in Mirkwood, after all. He must have seen them, unless he was not there. All this life, Pippin had heard Bilbo's recounting of the tale and yesterday, he had heard Gimli's, which was actually Gloin's, recounting. Pippin decided that he wanted a different perspective, and he knew just who to ask. "Pip! What are you smiling at?" Merry's confused and somewhat annoyed voice cut through his thoughts. How could the hobbit be smiling right now? The whole day had been terrible! "Nothing, Merry." was all the tween replied. His smile however, suggested otherwise. After the evening meal, the Fellowship sat about the fire. Some people were talking, some were smoking their pipes and others were just sitting there, thinking. For the last few weeks, someone would tell a story before Gandalf told everyone to go to sleep. Pippin rather liked these times. He enjoyed hearing stories he had not heard a thousand times. Sadly, last night there was no story. Pippin could not sit still any longer. It was time. "Legolas," the young hobbit started, drawing everyone's attention, "I've been thinking." An "Oh, no." came from Merry and a groan from Sam. Pippin shot the two a glare, before returning his attention to Legolas. The Elf was waiting with small smirk on his face. The tall elf really did enjoy Pippin's curiosity. Legolas nodded for Pippin to continue, which he did. His words came out in a rush. He did not even stop for a breath. "Well, I was thinking that since Bilbo and Gloin and the other dwarves came to your home, you must have seen them, right? I mean, I have never heard you say anything about it. And why not? Where you there for it? You must have been there; it is your home after all. What was it like? Were you afraid of them? Why did the dwarves get put into the dungeon? Why don't you ever speak of it? Did something happen that the dwarves have not told anyone? Of did it happen the way they said it did? Did they –" "Pippin." Gandalf cut the Hobbit off with a warning in his voice. Legolas, and everyone else, looked as though their heads were spinning. After a few moments, in which everyone leaned in to hear the elf's answers, Legolas replied. He seemed to choose his words carefully as he spoke. "I … was not there, when Bilbo, Gloin and the others came to my –" This time, Legolas was cut off by Gandalf saying his name, before adding, "What have I always told you since you were a child? If you are going to tell the truth, tithen pen, tell the whole truth." Pippin looked at Legolas and then to Gandalf. There was something in Gandalf's eyes that suggested he knew this story. It was almost as if the old wizard knew a secret. Under the beard was a smirk! Legolas narrowed his eyes as he stared hard at the Istari. What was the old man driving at? Legolas knew that Gandalf wanted him to tell the whole story, but he could not figure out why. What significance could the little part that he actually knew have now? Well, he was not going to make it easy on the old, manipulative bag of bones who insisted on having a dwarf on this quest! Looking back to Pippin, who he could see was furiously trying to figure out what was going on, Legolas tried again. "I was there for part of their stay." Gimli harrumphed at his answer before climbing to his feet and bellowing, "So, you were among those to capture and imprison my father? You admit it then?" Gandalf's voice cut through before Legolas could respond. "Gimli! Sit!" With much grumbling under his breath, which Gandalf chose to ignore, the dwarf complied. A moment later, Gandalf spoke again. "Legolas, I think it is time that you tell your story." Legolas attempted to argue, but only got a "But" out before he was silenced by a glare that reminded the young elf far too much of his father. With a resigned sigh the elf began his tale. "When the small group came to Greenwood, I was in the South…on patrol…" " Legolas, wake up!" Nimdoron hissed. Legolas jerked awake, immediately sat up and instinctually reached for his weapons, still managing to keep stay on the branches he was precariously balanced on. Nimdoron backed up when he saw that Legolas was awake and waited for his captain's attention. Looking around, Legolas saw that a few of his Lieutenants were waking up the rest of the patrol. Turning his attention to Nimdoron, his second in command, Legolas gave him a questioning look. " The trees are warning us of orcs. They are great in number and headed this way. They will be here in a few minutes." the dark haired elf answered grimly. Legolas stood with a nod and proceeded to give out orders. For whatever reason, the orcs had been trying to make a break past the patrols. They seemed to attack with no thought; they were brutal and more savage than normal. No matter what the cost, the orcs were just trying to get past them. With a shake of his head, Legolas crouched on his branches and drew his bow. Stringing an arrow, Legolas waited and listened. He could hear them coming. The patrol should have been warned earlier than a few minutes, but the trees here in the south were either perverted or dead. Those still alive did not speak the way the trees farther north did. The evil of Dul Guldor had corrupted everything here. Even elves that stayed in the south for too long began to feel the Dark Lord's evil influence. After more than eight or so months, most elves went mad down here. That's why a patrol in the south never lasted more than six months. In one month, Legolas's six-month patrol would be up. One month to go. Refocusing his thoughts, Legolas narrowed his eyes, looking for movement. They were almost here. Suddenly, a large host of orcs came crashing through the forest. Archers and swords men came running out together with no order in their ranks. They were simply charging. At his first sighting, Legolas released an arrow and quickly restrung and shot again. The others in his patrol did the same. Orcs were being pushed backwards from the force of the elves' arrows. Their bodies were beginning to pile up and the orcs further back were being forced to climb over their comrade's bodies. Legolas almost did not see the orc arrow flying through the air towards him. He barely managed to duck in time and received a nick on his shoulder. Quickly restringing his bow, Legolas took aim and fired, instantly killing the archer who