Chapter 1: In the Beginning Wormtail had been a spy in the Death Eaters in order to protect his friends. Remus was thought to be in with the werewolves and his two other best friends were openly against the dark lord. He could not blame his friends, but he didn't know why they insisted on being so open against them. It was because of this that he decided to infiltrate the dark side. However, no matter how deep he infiltrated, he didn't seem to be able to stop a thing. The days grew darker and the only thing that brought new light to his world was James's and Lily's newly born son. However, he had warned them that the dark lord was after them for a reason he still had not been privileged to. They in turn went into hiding and were put under the Fidelus Charm. Sirius was supposed to be the secret keeper, but they appointed him the position in the last final minutes to keep them truly safe. He swore he would keep the secret with him to his grave. Peter kept the secret with him to a place far worse than death. Death was like a welcoming place compared to what he was going through. Voldemort had somehow found out that he was the secret keeper and had tortured him till his mind stopped working. However, Wormtail had lasted hours of constant mind numbing torture to his credit. Even the Dark Lord was impressed at how long the little rodent held out for. In fact it infuriated him because not only was he spending too much power on someone so beneath him, but he also could not understand why someone would hold out so long for someone else. For the little rats punishment, he would live the rest of his life as a brainless zombie whose only purpose was to protect his Master. "Yes that is what I will make you, my mindless puppet" Voldemort spoke darkly as he finally ripped out the location of the Potters. After that fateful night Harry was found by Sirius and Remus who later went to look for Wormtail but never found him. Although the two got a hold of Harry, they were unable to attain guardianship of Harry's only remaining Potter relative. The relative was a student at Hogwarts and had been adopted by Lily and James right after James older brothers and family got wiped off by Voldemort's forces. The Unspeakables heads of the DOM manipulated Harry's fraternal cousin, John Potter, into joining the Department of Mysteries at a remarkable a young age. They promised him revenge for his Aunt and Uncle and he accepted their offer with his pledged loyalty. The Unspeakable heads also went to gain guardianship and protection over Harry, but were stopped by their own top ranking Unspeakables, who intervened to place Harry in the care of Sirius and Moony, instead of the Unspeakables or even Dumbledore. They were also helped by the powers of professors Mcgonagall and Pomfrey. Sirius and Remus made it their life's goal to take care of and keep Harry safe. They vowed to raise Harry like both Lily and James would. Sirius as his Godfather and Remus as Harry's guardian. Together they did their utter best to raise their best friends' son. Sirius Black had dated Emmeline Vance and Moony hadn't dated till Harry turned 6. "Hey Wemus why won't you go out with Hestia?" "Harry I can't have a relationship in my state" "I don't see why not? She really likes you and I heard heer say to Emmi that she doesn't carwe about you being a werewoof" said the young child staring at Remus with the same emerald green eyes and facial expression Lily Potter had especially when she gave Remus a pep talk or a swift kick in the ass to go out on a date. "Huh maybe you're right kiddo…But I need to be here in case you..." "I am 6 and a half Wemus and I can take carwe of myself" This time he thought he saw James staring at him with that piercing look that always told Remus that James was right on these matters. "Harry you know you are just like your parents in many ways" Remus smiled, ruffling his adopted son's hair. "So you promisse to go on a date wit heer? "Yes Harry...I promise" "Atta a boy pup, good work!" came the voice of Harry's Godfather walking into the room. Sirius then handed Harry a new toy broom. "Did you put him up too this?!" asked a gobsmacked Lupin. "Nope I volunteered!" Harry grinned as he ran out to the backyard to test out his new broom. "Oh come on mate, even Nymphy can tell the two of you are good for each other and she's only twelve" "But what if I..." "Remus she is an auror and her patronus is a wolf for crying out loud" "What would I do without you two? " smiled Lupin "You mean what would we do without Harry. I swear whenever I see those looks of his, I feel like I'm seeing Lily and James. Harry's the only reason I even met Emmeline and I can thank Harry, for her putting up with me this whole time" "He is as smart and intimidating as Lily" "And yet he is also as clever and carefree as James" replied Sirius with a grin as he saw Harry ride the broom with no hands while Remus stomach clenched in fright. "Both hands on that broom mister!" called Remus. Harry smiled and did as he was told and continued to speed through the yard. " I see Harry likes the new broom, so does that mean?" asked Vance coming to the room. "Yes, I will ask her the next time I see her" Remus surrendered, his hands up in defeat. "Bout time" was her reply as she put her arms around Sirius. "I'd say so" replied Sirius giving her a kiss. "Get a woom!" laughed Harry as he walked in with his new broom in hand smiling. Harry only had two real friends before going to Hogwarts. There was of course Tonks who was his sitter ever since he was young. When she developed and was having troubles, due to here metamorphuses, she could always count on little Harry to always listen to her and was the best hugger bar none. She also owled him quite often when at school and he gave words of wisdom that were beyond what any child should be capable of having. Whenever Harry was forced to attend a Ministry function he would have been bored to tears if it wasn't for Daphne Greengrass, a blonde haired, piercing blue eyed girl Harry's age. They were introduced at their first event and talked quite often from then on. Before they started at Hogwarts they even shared a couple of dances at functions together. They even shared a kiss before going to school. Daphne and Harry had agreed that they'd always be each others first and best friends. Daphne didn't care at all about his scar or his history, she just looked at him as her friend Harry, which he loved about her. Tonks had always teased him for being a hero even though he never got why people saw him in the hero light. He didn't like it that he was remembered for something that ached at his heart. Harry only saw himself as the reason why his parents were no longer with him. However, after being scalded by his two parental figures multiple times and even once by Tonks and Daphne he finally decided that he would be the best person he could be to honor his parents sacrifice. Harry was charming, confident and funny and outspoken while other times he was bashful, quiet and was a listener and a chatterbox. He was an almost perfect mix of the marauders. Sirius had been an Auror with James until that Halloween night and he retired into being a Hit Wizard along with two also managed the Black investments and managed the Potter Vault for Harry and John. John Potter, now a specialized Combat Unspeakable, was allowed to visit for one week every four months. Needless to say since Harry could walk he was influenced by skilled duelists. On Harry's fifth Birthday he made a wish so intensely that he managed to conjure a toy he saw in Diagon Alley, but after he did he yelped out in pain which put, for the first time, both Sirius and Remus in a great deal of fright seeing that Harry never complained about being hurt or in pain. John, known as Proc by his fellow Unspeakbles, his boss Jeremy and a man called Doc were called in and had given Harry a calming drought easing the pain. Then all the inhabitants were instructed to leave the room before a bright flash went off. The two guardians burst through the room only to be told Harry had just experienced his first display of wandless magic. Yet they failed to mention that they had extracted a vital blockade on Harry's system and the CU's reported it to their leaders and Dumbledore. After that incident, Harry was heavily tutored in his wandless abilities by Proc ( who was now allowed to visit once a month) while Remus and Sirius taught him protective dueling and occulemency. They also taught him legilimecy as a last resort. Harry understood from the age of 7 that he may be in trouble but, with his wandless abilities, he never felt scared and he learned stuff leaps and bonds ahead of any normal child or adult for that matter. Years Later Right before the start of his first year, Harry was dragged along to a ministry party for law enforcement and law enforcement supporters. Harry was sitting next to Daphne and chatting over dessert. "Only a few more days to Hogwarts" said Harry. "I can't wait. What house do you want?" she asked. "I would be happy with anyone of the houses. However, Sirius told me he would disown me if I got into Slytherin" Harry said laughing. "Hey my Dad was in Slytherin! It's a perfectly good house but I think I would like to be in Ravenclaw like my mother. I want to be challenged" "Ravenclaw is too much about smarts for me. I want to be in Gryffindor with the brave just like my parents" "Gryffindor? That's full of braggers and cocky people. Their bravery often leads them into trouble" right as the words left her lips she instantly regretted it as she saw that she unintentionally insulted Harry's dead parents and his parental figures for that matter too. Harry remained quiet for a little before getting up from the table, his head held down and tried to walk away before he was grabbed. "Harry I am sorry, you know I have trouble thinking before I speak" "You tend to say that a lot" replied Harry still looking down. "Harry...I am really sorry" Music then started and a slow song was played "Dance with me?" asked Daphne "Please?" Harry grabbed her hand lightly and led her to the dance floor without a word. Daphne slung her arms around his neck and Harry placed his hand lightly on her back hips leaving a good gap in between the two . "Harry I really am.." "Daphne please, I am not mad at you. It's just well…I don't know, maybe if my parents weren't so brave they could of left me so they could have..." "Harry I thought we all convinced you already. They loved you so much and you were so important to them that they'd give more than one life to save you and you are worth that sacrifice" said Daphne channeling Sirius not too long ago. Harry let out a breath he didn't know he had. "Yeah I know. It helps I