Day 1 Nestad leaned against the back wall ofhis cell, one leg pulled close to his chest and his arm draped over his knee in a casual pose. His deep blue eyes, however, were anything but relaxed. They darted from corner to corner, following sounds around his cell and checking for any weaknesses in the walls. Alas, none presented themselves. There wasn't even a window that he could possibly squeeze through; the only light in the cell came from the elf in the corner, shimmering in his dark hair. He had been here a week. In that time, he'd been as much trouble as possible, forcing his captors to take extreme cautions around him, resulting in his time in this dark cell alone. They'd said something about it 'breaking his proud spirit', and he could see what they meant. He didn't like being in a place where the sun never warmed his face and the stars remained outside his vision. His eyes darted to the door as he heard sounds outside it. 'People?' he thought, deciding against rising. He hurt too badly from the last time he'd messed with the guards. 'I thought this was the cell no one else touched.' There was the sound of keys in the lock, and then the heavy metal door swung open, admitting several guards. Two carried between them a slumped figure, rather small and slim looking. It was a woman, her head hanging between her shoulders and her long black hair obscuring her face. They were dragging her, so she must have been unconscious. The men ignored the elf in the corner as they brought the woman to the other side of the room and fastened iron shackles to her wrists and ankles. Nestad's eyes clouded with worry as he looked at the woman. She looked pretty badly beat-up, from what he could see of her. She was dropped in the corner when the guards were done shackling her and left alone. One of the guards had remained in the doorway, sword drawn and his eyes locked on the elf, wary of any sudden moves. Nestad wasn't chained to the wall, exactly, but he was loaded with four sets of chains per limb; he'd been really troublesome. After some murmured conversation (the elf could hear it, but not understand it; the foul Easterlings were speaking in their own language), the guards left, closing and locking the big door behind them. Nestad scooted close to the woman and pulled her long hair away from her face carefully. "And who do we have here?" he murmured aloud. The woman's skin was pale, and her eyes closed. There was a large bruise forming on her left cheek. But despite all that, she was rather pretty, and had a noble look about her, even though she was dressed in the clothing of a servant girl of Gondor. As she lay there, her forehead creased with pain, since her consciousness was slowly returning. Nestad was a healer by birth and trade. He couldn't watch anyone in pain and do nothing. Holding his chains in one hand, he placed the other on her forehead. "Sîdh," he murmured, absorbing her pain and sending a wash of relief into her slender body. The woman trembled and moaned softly. Her eyes flickered open and she startled when she saw a strange face in front of her and a strange hand touching her. She jerked away, her eyes wide with fear. "Get away!" she cried, trying to move away from the strange looking man, but she found it difficult, and was even more frightened when she saw that all her limbs were bound with heavy chains. She looked frantically about, trying to find any way of escape. "Easy," Nestad said, moving away from her a bit, giving her room to move and get used to him. "I mean you no harm, lass." "Who are you? Where am I?" she demanded, trying to scoot even farther from him, but the other ends of her chains were secured to large rings in the floor, and they were preventing her from moving any farther. She was terrified. And in her state of mind she was not thinking clearly. "I am Nestad," the elf replied, sitting back on his haunches and watching her with impassive eyes. "And if I understand the geography correctly, you are in a dungeon in the land of Rhûn." The woman stopped and looked a little closer at the elf, trying to decide what he might be. "You are not…not a Wainrider?" she said. "You are not an Easterling, are you?" "No, neither an Easterling nor a Wainrider. I am a prisoner, as you are." "How long have I been here?" the woman asked, starting to calm down. "A few moments, no longer." Seeing that the woman had calmed down a bit, Nestad moved a bit closer. "Who are you, my lady? The woman was about to answer when she paused and regarded the strange man for a moment. "I am called Aewen," she said hesitantly, and then glanced away. "Mm." Nestad knew the signs of a hastily made up name when he saw them, but if she didn't want to divulge her identity, it was no problem of his. "A pleasure to meet you, Lady Aewen," he said, pressing one of his chained hands over his heart and bowing slightly. The woman looked around some more, though she couldn't see much in the dark cell. "How long have you been here?" she asked. Nestad shrugged slightly, rattling his chains. "When one cannot see the sun, it is difficult to be sure. About two or three days, I think." "And…what do our captors want with us, do you know? What have they done with you so far?" She wanted to get as much information on the situation as possible. She always wanted to be prepared. Nestad smiled, an oddly grim expression in his fair face. "Thus far? They have attempted to 'break me', as they put it. This cell is part of it, I understand. These men are slave-traders. From what I have seen, they train slaves to make them worth a good deal more." "Slaves?" the woman called Aewen said, her eyes widening. "They can't make a slave out of me, I won't let them. And my father will…." She stopped and glanced up at the man. "Will be worried…" she said softly. "I can imagine he will be," Nestad said, his tone neutral. "I hope you have a strong will, Lady Aewen. I have seen those who think themselves strong break like hardened clay under these circumstances." Her grey eyes flashed. "I have a strong will," she said. Nestad's eyebrow rose. "I am glad to hear that," he said. "It will serve you well, though it will bring you pain here." "What do you mean?" she said. "Do you mean that giving in to their demands will spare me pain?" "I mean, in the short run, yes, giving in would spare you a bit of pain. In the long run, however, keeping your will strong will keep your mind from being unbroken. Perhaps enough to find a way out." "Well, I won't be giving in to anything they say or do to me," she said. "I am strong enough to last some time. Have you noticed any possible ways to escape?" Nestad smiled ruefully. "My lady, in the time I have been here, I have been either unconscious or in too much pain to pay much attention to the area around me. As of this moment, nothing presents itself." "Oh…" She fell silent for a while, turning her attention to herself and her condition. The bruise on her cheek was throbbing, and her ribs hurt badly. She couldn't remember much about her capture, but she must have been beaten pretty badly. Her uncle would be furious when he found out. These Wainriders made a big mistake capturing her. Nestad shifted uncomfortably as Aewen's pain registered on his sensitive senses. He tried to ignore it, but gave up. "My lady, I am a healer. Will you allow me to help you with the pain?" "What can you possibly do?" she asked. "You have no herbs or bandages." She winced when she pressed her fingers to her ribs. "No," he admitted. "I have neither. But I have my own healing power, and please stop pushing against your ribs. That hurts me too." Aewen looked up at him, furrowing her brow. "Healing power?" she said. "Are you a wizard?" "No, just a healer," Nestad replied calmly. Had she not noticed that he was an elf? Well, he supposed, it was dark enough to not notice small details. "I have never heard of a healer with 'healing powers'," the woman said, eyeing the strange man carefully. "Not unless he is referring to his herbs, which you do not have." "Then I suppose you have only heard of human healers." The woman looked at him in silence for a moment, not sure what to think. Was he implying that he was not human? "What are you?" she asked warily. Nestad made sure he was out of hitting range before he answered, "An elf." His level blue gaze never left her face, wondering if she had learned the stories of hate sometimes taught humans. Aewen didn't make any noticeable reaction to his words. She just stared at him in silence, not sure what to think about that. She had never met an elf, though she had heard many stories. She wondered how he had come to be in this prison, so far from any elven realms. Nestad met her gaze steadily for a few moments. "Will you allow me to help you, my lady?" he asked quietly. The woman finally nodded slowly, but she didn't move from her spot. Nor did she bother to notice if he could reach her where she was. She was still staring at him, not sure what to think. Nestad moved closer and gently placed a hand on her shoulder. While in contact with her, he could feel that her ribs were badly bruised, and two were cracked. "This might sting a little," he cautioned. "You have two cracked ribs; I will need to set those properly." Aewen felt like flinching away from his touch, since it tingled slightly, but she stayed still. "All right," she said with a slight not. She clenched her teeth; waiting for the pain she knew was coming. Nestad closed his eyes and exhaled slowly, letting his power trickle into her body. Before setting the ribs, he carefully removed feeling from that area for just an instant, long enough to set the cracked bones, and pushed relief to cover the pain. Once the bones were taken care of, he soothed the worst of the bruises in her body before withdrawing and opening his eyes. His natural light was a bit dimmer after his efforts, but he knew that was only temporary. It was only when he was finished that Aewen noticed that she had closed her eyes. She had felt some stings and dull pain, but nothing like she expected. She looked at her healer, and now that he was closer, she could tell that yes, perhaps he was an elf. Though it was still too dark to tell much. "Thank you," she whispered. Nestad smiled slightly. "Gladly," he murmured back, sitting back on his heels. He felt a little tired after that, but not badly so. Setting ribs was a lot easier than setting arm or leg bones. He shook his black hair off his shoulders, annoyed at its gentle tickling. "What was your name again?" the maiden asked, feeling a little embarrassed that she had forgot it. But when he gave it earlier she hadn't been paying much attention. "Nestad of Mirkwood," the healer replied, settling himself as comfortably as he could against a wall. "And you are…Aewen, yes?" She nodded. "Yes…that is what I'm