Disclaimer: All Harry Potter characters and core personality traits are the property of J.K. I own nothing, nor do I plan on profiting from using her work. No copyright infringement is intended. PWP? with a more plot than I meant to have… This is only going to be a few chapters, 3-5 tops. No Beta for this. Have mercy. Alternative Payment Plan A timid throat cleared meekly from the entrance of the room. Even such a small sound was more than enough to provoke the dark wizard's ire, a well advertised fact, so it went without saying that the interruption was unavoidable and had probably taken several moments of built courage before its attempt. The potion's master made an exaggerated show of stopping all activity before sneering at the trembling young offender. "Yes?" he barked dangerously but received only a wide-eyed stare, "For some unfathomable reason you thought it prudent to disturb me during a brewing session. I suppose now would be the appropriate time to provide me with a reason to allow you to keep your job…" As positively gleeful as Severus Snape was to be free of that cesspool of mediocrity wizarding Britain called a school, there was something about palatable adolescent fear that he would sorely miss should he free himself of it all together. This, and their willingness to work for knuts on the adult galleon was as good a motivator as any to employ them at his Apothecary. The man-child, who's name he was sure started with a 'T', looked for all the world like he'd rather lose his position than stay in the room with the terrifying wizard second longer. He twisted at the strings of his black smock, red faced. "I-I'm sorry, Sir. Truly. But there's a woman here to see you… She says it's urgent." Severus didn't allow his sullen face to betray his curiosity, not over of the unexpected visitor—there was always one dunderhead or another hell bent on the defilement of his long-earned peace—but that the woman in question had to have been either Albus-like manipulative or more petrifying than the vanquished Dark Lord to have talked the boy into summoning him. "Does she have an appointment?" he asked as if he didn't already know. As he had never before accepted an invitation to such a meeting, the odds were unlikely. T- something gazed down at his shifting feet, "Well, no , Sir. But she was adamant that she speak with you." The once-Death Eater felt his neck grow warm, his nearly black eyes burring holes into the poor shelf stocker. "If you are not out of my sight and excusing the pushy chit from my establishment in thirty seconds, I will do far worse than just fire you." To his unending astonishment, the boy didn't move. For a moment, Severus considered that the fumes from his newest trial brew may exhibit hallucinogenic properties. "I-I'm sorry, Master Snape, but the lady drew her wand on me when I tried to turn her away," he squirmed nervously, teetering on the door frame as though he were unsure which direction held the most likelihood of bodily harm, "If you don't want to see her, I'd like to request use of the floo in your office to call the authorities." That sufficiently peaked the hard wizard's interest. He'd show that little cow what happened to witches that attempted to throw their weight around in his place of business. Probably another reporter… "What did she say her name was?" He grabbed a nearby rag to wipe his long fingers clean of the fresh rabbit liver he'd been slicing. "She wouldn't tell me, Sir. In fact, she very intentionally omitted it." Someone who knew he would refuse an audience with, Snape growled. That hardly narrowed the list, he loathed half of the wizarding world and had made that crystal clear since he'd survived the war by the skin of his crooked teeth. " Well ," he hissed, "What does she look like, you dolt?" He watched with incredulity as the young man blushed, so clearly not from the embarrassment of being insulted, "Honestly, Sir? She's beautiful. The most beautiful witch I think I-" "Oh for, fuck's sake," Snape threw the soiled towel on the boy's starry-eyed face and pushed him out of the way to walk into the front supply room. "Make yourself useful and put a stasis spell on my work. If anything spoils, its coming out of your wages." "You really shouldn't yell at him like that," a prim, hauntingly familiar voice trilled from directly behind him, "Such a nice kid." Interestingly enough, if it weren't for that horrid voice—that self-satisfied pitch of book-worm he'd had thrust, unsolicited, upon him every time he asked a question during the last six years of his torturous teaching career—the potions master would have been hard pressed to recognize the witch leaning across the counter of his shop like she owned the place. Had he not heard it, all he would have seen was a breathtaking creature with huge golden eyes and legs for miles… long, silken waves of hair and a waist he could probably wrap his hands all the way around, a stark contrast to the huge breasts she had bouncing around up top. Even a man who sought out sexual gratification less often than the seasons changed could appreciate a female built like that. But that fucking voice. The Granger chit. The brains and balls of The Golden Trio and one of several people Severus Snape would rather Kedavra himself than be in the company of ever again. If it hadn't been enough having to protect their careless arses for years of his wasted existence, they had been seemly unavoidable after the completion of his coerced mission. They were the saviors, the light… the personification of all that was good and the most profound reason Severus regretted pulling his bloody body off of the floor of the shrieking shack and appariting himself to Saint Mungo's to go on living in a world that worshiped whelps like them. He probably would have known that Granger had grown into a sodding super model if he hadn't canceled his subscription to The Daily Prophet . But after the Death Eater trials, including his own, naturally, the paper had turned into The Daily Chronicles of the Golden Trio and he couldn't stomach the sight of one more picture of the pauper and the bookworm sucking face in various locations. His annoyance was tangible, there was no stopping that, but he refused to allow her to see how deeply she affected him. He sneered down his large nose at her for the first time in five long years. "Of course," Snape drawled lazily, "A pushy, insistence witch with the audacity to come into my domain and draw her wand in threat," he listed tersely, "Had he not mentioned beauty, I may have guessed. I should have known he was speaking with the adolescent propensity to get wood for anything with a set of breasts." Unlike her two henchmen, who would no doubt be lifting their wands with hot-blooded indignation and the misconception that they could possibly best him in any form of hex play, the stunning witch looked entirely unaffected. Ever the quick minded assessor, something that even years of post-war life would never take from him, he noticed easily the tired set of the witch's eyes, the way her now carefully controlled locks sat askew in areas that likely meant she'd been running her fingers through them anxiously. She hid it well of course; easy, halo-like glow, poise and sophistication of a very young but extremely intelligent female. But he knew. This was no carefree war heroine basking in the rays of international glory, come to poke fun of her old, reclusive tormentor. "It's good to see you too, Professor," she tapped her wand casually against the counter, cool as a house cat, "You're looking well." His jaw clenched with restraint. Severus looked nearly exactly the same as when the little tart and her friends had dubbed him the 'greasy dungeon bat', say for the grotesque scars around his neck left by the Dark Lord's only love; longish oil slick hair, hook nose and deathly pale skin. He even kept his signature black robes. The dark wizard felt no need to change his persona over the years, only the individuals he associated with; a decidedly small, purely necessary group of people. "See here, Miss Granger- or perhaps its Mrs. Weasley now," he didn't care, couldn't be bothered even pretending. "Grange. Divorced," she wiggled a naked left hand at him. "Terribly unfortunate," the older man hissed, "But I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave. If it is business you have come here to discuss, there are a great number of other reputable Apothecaries that would be quiet capable of helping you," his tone grew impossibly dark, "But understand this, you pompous little brat… I am a busy man and will never make concessions for you, no matter how many times you've posed half nude on the cover of Witch Weekly or how grand your cult following—if you bother me again I will deal with you the way I was never permitted when you were just a bucktooth, book regurgitater." This time, he was unsurprised when the object of his scorn held her ground. Obedience towards him was a part of her make-up conveniently left out when the girl's thirst for the approval of authority was developed. Not even time would change that. Snape sighed and pulled his wand, as if hexing her out the door wouldn't be the highlight of his year, but was stunned— as much as he was capable of such surprise—when Granger calmly placed he tip of her own vine-wood tool against the flesh of over her heart, symbolically, the muggle equivalent of holding a loaded gun to one's temple. "If you don't help me, you'll have taken away my only reason to live and I see no use to continue on after this chance is exhausted," she explained carefully, bright eyes wild. He thought it positively the most idiotic move in the history of strategy. The man leaned his sinewy, long frame against the wall in back of him with the inner stirrings of something a kin to delight. "I could scarcely think of anything that would bring me more joy, Miss Granger." The muscles of her shoulders tighten rigidly, the shock of someone that has misread the character of their opponent. Severus Snape was not a kind man. His honor had driven him to do things that happened to result in movement against the Dark Lord but if it had been Albus or the Order that had so deeply wronged him, his wrath against the Light would have been equal in its intensity. His baritone chuckle met a flash of dismay that crossed her delicate features. "You have spent too long surrounded by people that care whether or not you take in your next breath, princess . I suggest you return to them, as you will find no such sympathies here." She lifted her little chin in defiance but held strong and tried another method of argument, "Ginny Potter knows I've come here. She'll send someone when I don't return and if I die in your shop, professor, you will be in the center of a media storm that would rival that at the end of the war." This was more up to par with her level of cunning, in his opinion. The little bitch that snuck passed his wards and stole from his potion stores a scant two years into her magical education. The jaded wizard had gone through great lengths to separate himself from his past life, even cooling the sensation that tried to brand him as a hero—thanks to Potter's testimony at his trial—by hexing the pants off any journalist that dare sully his property. He'd built