Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games . Some dialogue and quotations used from the trilogy. Mature themes including sexuality, references to torture and abuse. . . Chapter One: The Bread for the Pig " I don't want them to change me in there. Turn me into some kind of monster that I'm not." . . I no longer flinch at the prick in my arm, its sting small and insignificant as the bite of an ant, only blink at the rush of confusion that inevitably follows. Seconds pass. Disoriented by the sudden sensation of numbness spreading to the tip of each finger, I swallow and carefully examine my hands. A movement to the left comes seemingly from nowhere and it is with no small measure of uncertainty that I frown, forced to consider the possibility the writhing mass of curtains hanging over my bedside window might be one of the Capitol's latest muttations. Having learned nothing over the course of recent months if not to keep such suspicions to myself, however, I stay quiet. "Peeta, are you ready to begin?" The question warps itself around the weightless haze of morphling, twisting and distorting like ripples from a handful of dropped berries spreading out over the surface of a lake. I blink again, still staring down at the bandage on my hand. The morphling has stolen the last remnants of pain from the tiny arc of newly-healed incisions where her teeth cut through my flesh. It leaves untouched the memory of her mouth closing over my skin, the heat of her breath, and the fury flashing dark and virulent in her eyes as she struggles to break free from my grip. Let me go. All but oblivious to the scratch of a pen on the far side of the room, I clench my fingers into a tight fist, knuckles whitening, forearm just starting to shake when at last pain silently rips through the tender new skin with a familiar vengeance, searing into the back of my hand in a copy of the image that has haunted my every waking moment since the Quarter Quell, the exact shape of Katniss Everdeen's smile. Relief comes in a rush. I touch the edge of the bandage and wet my lips, wanting to tear the cotton gauze and tape away, to fit my mouth against the last place hers touched just as she crushed her lips to mine in the dark bowels below the Capitol. Across the room, there's the grunt of a cleared throat. My name, again, repeated a little louder. Annoyed, I finally look up. The two figures at the end of my bed resolve themselves-a trembling young nurse whose pale coloring suggests she'd rather be assigned to scrub out every bedpan in the hospital than be the one who gets to inch closer and jab me with a hypodermic if it looks like I might fly into a rage during our session, and the far less excitable Dr. Aurelius. Middle-aged and of slightly above average height, he has a rather boring, nondescript look for someone from the Capitol. No obvious tattoos or modifications. Hair graying slightly over his ears and throughout his beard. Only the pretentious accent gives him away. "This interview aired twelve days before your rescue." He pushes his glasses up his nose and leans forward, gesturing to the television they've wheeled in on a cart where I can see myself sitting frozen on the screen. "What do you remember?" I grunt, not bothering to answer. "It wasn't in your file from Thirteen." Unfazed, Dr. Aurelius waits a moment, giving me a chance to frown at the image and acclimate myself to the strangeness of it before continuing. "Anything?" Wishing he'd just leave me alone, I shrug and cover one hand with the other, a fingertip barely protected from view softly tracing along the outline of Katniss' mouth through the bandage. "It may still return. I want you to concentrate on what you're seeing on the screen. We'll pause at regular intervals to discuss what comes up for you." He turns to cue the machine, ignoring my glare. I don't say anything and probably never will, but of all the creepy and humiliating things about my treatment , watching myself on a tape I can't really remember making along with a roomful of people who saw it the first time around and who will take copious notes on my every reaction while I watch myself try and slip my tongue in the mouth of a girl who obviously wants to scoot farther away and who keeps sticking spoonfuls of broth in my face as a distraction definitely ranks in the top three. At least from the looks of this one, there probably wouldn't be any kissing. The tape starts. I stare dully at the screen while the music plays, frowning at the sight of myself running fingers along the arm of the chair. "So . . . Peeta . . . welcome back." There's a pause and then I turn to smile on screen. "I bet you thought you'd done your last interview with me, Caesar." "I confess, I did. The night before the Quarter Quell . . . well, who ever thought we'd see you again?" "It wasn't part of my plan, that's for sure." At this, I catch the glint from Dr. Aurelius' pen as he quietly records my responses on the clipboard propped on one leg. Frown deepening, I turn back to the television. Caesar Flickerman leans forward. "I think it was clear to all of us what your plan was. To sacrifice yourself in the arena so that Katniss Everdeen and your child could survive." "That was it. Clear and simple." I watch myself fiddle with the arm of the chair again. "But other people had plans as well." The tape pauses and I'm pretty sure I'm the only one in the room still breathing. My assigned nurse for the hour has slowly but surely raised the syringe, clearly intent on dropping me to the cold tile floor like a sack of flour if I make a wrong move, and although Dr. Aurelius is more subtle about it, it's hard to miss that one hand has neatly slipped into the pocket of his white lab coat to retrieve the call button that will bring a team of orderlies rushing in to put me in restraints if need be. "Peeta?" The prompt is quiet but there's an unmistakable edge to it. Either I answer this time or he ends the session and we start his game over in the morning with the added bonus of a stiff back, a lost day and a leftover headache from a cocktail of knockout meds. I swallow and stare at the screen, trying to make sense of the jumble of images flashing in my brain, some shiny, some fragmented as broken shards of glass, all of them faded and hazy as the blurriest of feverish dreams. After a moment I lick my lips. "There wasn't a baby . . ." It's not quite identifiable as question or statement, either out loud or in my head, which Dr. Aurelius immediately picks up on. "Real," he confirms, patiently nodding as if we haven't had this exact conversation practically every day for the past week. "You made it up during the interview we watched the other day." I don't bother asking him why partly because he has this annoying habit of flipping those sorts of questions back to me with an overly academic, 'Well, why do you think you did it, Peeta?' but mostly because whether it's volunteering to die on her behalf, taking a beating to throw her some bread, or teaming up with a bunch of Careers who plan to stab me in my sleep as soon as my usefulness to them is exhausted all so she has a better chance of escaping, the me I barely remember only ever really did things for one reason anyway. And it's hard not to hate myself for it. Dr. Aurelius clears his throat and gestures toward the screen. "What do you think you meant by that?" "What?" I mumble, distracted. Everything starts feeling all twitchy. A glance over at the curtain-mutts proves a bad idea and I flinch before looking away. He cues the tape back for me. That was it. Clear and simple. But other people had plans as well. The room falls silent while they wait for me to answer. I just stare at the screen. Part of it's easy to guess-that I'd either figured out or been informed of the rebel plot to use me and Katniss as pawns in their rebellion. But as I watch my face cloud perfectly on cue and observe the methodical brush of my fingers against the arm of the chair, I realize something. That it isn't only that Haymitch betrayed us both, which is hardly surprising, or that I'll never really know whether anything that happened between me and Katniss was real or just for the audience. I don't trust anything I'm saying either. The room is practically buzzing by the time I turn away and cover my bandaged hand with the other one. The hum of the television looms ominously as a hive of tracker jackers off in the distance, drips from the bathroom drain cold and empty as water on concrete in an underground room devoid of light. Sharp clacks. The scratch of a pen. Bumps and hisses. Low voices. The squeak of a wheel on a cart. Avox screams I can't be sure were ever really there. I've broken out into a sweat. Hands clenching spastically into fists, they start to shake as I slowly force them to unknot. Unable to tear my eyes from the place where her teeth have left a burning scar on the back of my hand, I let myself be drawn into the tunnels one more time, reliving the horror of the lizard-mutts for the fleeting memory of feeling the heat of her mouth on mine. Of feeling her . Whole. Alive. "Is she here?" I blurt out, unable to help myself. Dr. Aurelius doesn't react to my outburst, just like he hasn't for the last week and a half, the fact that this morning we managed to get ten minutes into a session before I asked the question something akin to progress. Instead, he merely checks his watch and makes a note on the clipboard. "Peeta, what did we talk about before?" Screwing my eyes shut, I scrub both hands over my face, which doesn't do much to erase the image of Katniss being dragged away, but does make the raw new skin on my forehead start to tingle. Dr. Aurelius clears his throat as a reminder I'm still hovering half a step away from waking up hogtied to the bed, getting told it's tomorrow. "Peeta?" he prompts again. "She's in a safe, secured place," I practically snarl, more agitated by the second. He doesn't respond. There's a lengthy pause while I debate how to word the next part, hating that I have to ask him for anything, loathing him for holding back the answers that I need. "Is she . . . is someone with her?" I grudgingly mutter. "Her mother, or Haymitch-?" I don't say the last part, but it forces itself up from somewhere in a dark corner of my mind anyway, twisting evilly round and round until I can't breathe for the thought of it. Or Gale. The images try to force their way in, but there's no need. My head pounds with the endless reverberation of her panicked screams for him just before we were ripped apart. Gale , not Peeta, a memory the Capitol has no need to alter and one that will forever stay frozen with crystal clarity in what remains of my mind. Dr. Aurelius leans forward. "You're starting to feel things again, from your old memories,