And This Is Me Moving On A/N: hey my ducklings how are you all? Okay so I've had an idea about a new story. Don't worry, I'm not stopping last man standing, trust me, I have more than enough time for both stories. It's one that mostly features Jacob Black (seeing as he's my favorite) Seth and Jasper. The story will be alternating between both their points of views kinda like in breaking dawn. I may have both their POVs in one chapter so I'll indicate whose it is. I got my OC from my constant daydreams which turned into mini stories in my head so I decided why not make them a real story, so here goes! Sorry for any spelling or grammar mistakes, feel free to help me correct them. This is going to be a chaptered story so I'll be answering all questions at the end of the chapters. Hope you enjoy it, I have some great ideas for this! :D Chapter 1: Calm in the middle of the Storm The moment I saw her, I swore I would never let her go. In fact, the suddenness of my imprinting shocked me so much I ended up sprawled on the not so super supermarket floor unable to make sense of anything. Never in a million years would I ever admit I fainted because of a girl but that is the bitter truth. She hovered over me, face a little blurry but I could clearly see concern and fear written all over it. She placed a delicate hand on my forehead and asked in a voice made of angels and violins… 'Are you alright?' Her face became clear as I gazed into her eyes. She was already my world and I didn't even know her name. That sounded so dramatic, like it should be part of some sort of romantic mystery drama novel. As she looked back at me with her dark chocolate eyes, I felt a part of me breaking and piecing itself back together into an even more perfect shape. I fainted again. I woke up in my bed with my love nowhere in sight. Panic , was the first thought that came into my head, so panic I did. I leaped out my bed looking under it and in my drawers as if she could have somehow squeezed herself into them. After I realize how stupid I was being I dashed into the living room and came to a halt at the sight that lay before me. My dad, laughing with my mate. Now lemme just explain something. First of all, my dad very rarely laughs, even with his own friends. So for him to be laughing with a total stranger was beyond miraculous. Second of all, my mate was in my living room. She was in my very living room, laughing like she had never been more humored in her life. It was only then that I noticed something fluttering behind her… Wings. So my mate had wings…good to know. And with that last thought I proceeded to faint for the third time that day. My dramatics had officially beat Edwards to the ground. When I woke up again, my mate was gone and I felt like crap. My dad was preparing a sandwich while humming softly, another rare occurrence. You would think I meant the humming, but you would be wrong. I walked up to him, still in a daze, wondering if it had all been some messed up dream. But then I thought of her again and by the lonely feeling in my chest, I knew I had not made her up. 'Your mate went home.' Billy said, knowing what must have been going through Jacobs head. 'She stayed a while longer but we didn't know how much longer you would be out so she told me she would come and check up on you tomorrow. Lovely girl she is, with a wicked sense of humor. Seems a little shy at first, guess she kinda is but once she gets going even an apocalypse can't stop her.' Never having heard his dad say so much at a time, Jacob stood dumbfounded. 'Wha-what about the, the umm…' 'Wings?' Billy guessed. 'She said she knew all about our wolf stuff and said that she might as well go out in the open with her inheritance. Can you believe there is such thing a Wolvon? She explained all about it. Said it was a wolf mixed with a dragon! I didn't believe her 'till I saw the wings with my very eyes! I'm sure she'll tell you everything this afternoon.' 'This afternoon?' Jacob repeated dumbly. 'Yes son, its 11am in the morning. You slept straight through the night and most of the day too. She said she would be here at 1.' One o'clock… that was only two hours from now! How am I going to get ready in time! What will I wear, should I shave? My hair most probably needs a trim. What about a shower, and breakfast is gonna take me at least an hour to make and eat! What am I going to do! And why do I sound like a bloody girl!? 'Jake, calm down.' My dad laughed, even though I had yet to say a single word. 'Breakfast is on the dining table, it'll be cold by now, I made it an hour ago. Sue should be arriving now to give your hair a good trim. Eat, take a shower and get dressed.' If I hadn't been in such a panic, I might have stopped a minute to think about how weird it was that he seemed to know exactly what I was thinking. But seeing as I had no such time I raced into the dining room to do the first thing he listed. The food was cold but at that point I couldn't have cared less. I took a surprisingly warm shower and shaved for what felt like the first time in weeks, even though I had shaved five days ago. When I got downstairs in the best pair of clothes I owned,(brown khaki pants and a light blue button up shirt, I considered wearing my only tie but figured I would look too desperate, plus I hated ties) Sue was waiting for me, scissors in hand and a scary glint in her eyes. 'So Jacob, I hear you have imprinted yes?' She cooed with an evil grin after a few minutes of trimming. 'Yeah… umm, yes I ha-have?' I stuttered back, suddenly very scared for my life. 'Do you know her name Jacob?' '…no?' 'Storm. Her name is Storm.' Sue practically cackled. 'She moved here from France but she is from Italy. She speaks both fluently and also perfect English. She arrived two weeks ago and nobody has seen a parent or guardian with her yet. She is 15 but is in the same grade as Seth, she must have skipped a grade. Oh and here's the best part… she and Seth are best friends. 'WHAT!?' Jacob roared jumping up from the chair he was sitting on while she was doing his hair. Sue had predicted his reaction, it had been her plan all along, and so she had stopped cutting his hair to avoid accidently chopping off a nice chunk of hair. 'Best friends… with MY IMPRINT!' by now Jacob was almost foaming at the mouth. Billy laughed in the background as Sues plan took shape perfectly. You see, Sue knew that once Jacob found out that her son was best friends with his imprint, he would lose it and hunt him down. So, she devised up a plan to tell Jacob, let him get angry but, seeing as his imprint would by then hopefully be at the door, he would forget all about his anger towards Seth. And hopefully , by the time he had had some time to think it over, he wouldn't be so angry anymore. 'I'm a genius.' she praised herself as the doorbell rang and Jacob immediately froze in his tracks. His hands went up to his head and he turned a shell-shocked face in her direction. 'I'm finished cutting it darling, now take that towel off your shoulders and stall her a little while I clean this place up.' Sue smiled. I was immediately reminded of my mate again. As I tugged the towel off I tried to make myself as presentable as possible. I walked up to the door and took in a shaky breath… big mistake. I could smell her, so clearly and I for some reason just knew her wings must be out. Her scent was a mix between a beautiful sandalwood and vanilla with a hint of something I couldn't quite put my finger on. I suddenly felt very *cough* uncomfortable… ahem. It was as if her scent was there to make sure I made a fool of myself in front of her again. I tried my best to hide my little um, problem, but I could tell it was a futile attempt. I realized that I had been standing there for a couple of seconds, with my mate still waiting outside for me. 'Umm… Jacob? May I come in?' a voice breathed from the other side of the door. She must have heard my breathing, even to me it sounded like I was asthmatic. I opened the door. There stood the most beautiful person I could have ever dreamed up and more. I stood frozen just gazing at her. And that was when my body decided to go on autopilot. I found myself in the living room with her standing awkwardly in front of me but had absolutely no idea how we got there. She was looking straight back at me with a small shy smile. 'My name is Storm.' She whispered. She then looked down and bit her lip as if she shouldn't have said anything. I wanted to answer her so badly but I couldn't get my mouth to move no matter how hard I was trying. 'I-I'm sorry about having to leave yesterday, it's just that it was getting quite dark and I had to head on out.' She said this even softer than before and I felt quite certain I would not have heard her with normal human ears. I once again couldn't say anything, it was frightening not having control of my body, I felt so useless but the harder I fought the more control I lost. I found myself seated opposite her on the couches. She opened her mouth again to say something but seemed to decide against it and instead just looked down again. I tried to move or say something again but my nose suddenly prickled and I picked up a scent with a slight tang of saltiness. She was crying. I felt my heart blow up and burst into a thousand pieces. My mate was crying, I had made her cry. She must have taken my silence as rejection. I saw her hand come up to dry her eyes and before it could reach her face, I was by her side. I clutched her hand in mine and lifted up her face with my other one. She was trying as hard as she could to hold back the tears but three drops still fell from her large puppy dog eyes. I looked deep into her eyes and wiped away her tears with my thumb while trying to wordlessly communicate how much I loved her. It was so strange loving someone you didn't even know. But as her tears stopped and she gave me a dazzling, watery little smile, I knew that my imprint deserved that love and much, much more. She was waiting for me to say something; I could see it written all over her face. Now let me just explain. See, I'm a fairly controlled person, besides my temper. I know how to