A/N. The idea for this story actually germinated whilst I was writing 'Harry's fifth year' and found that some of what I was writing required a base that could only be found in the 'Fourth Year' which I started in August 2016. So here we are, I'm not sure I succeeded in my intentions. None of this is cannon but the time line and happenings follow cannon. I will only hit the highlights and deviations from cannon leaving all you wonderful readers to fill in from memory of the books and your imagination. After all, imagination is what brings a story to life for the reader. I refuse to bore you with extended descriptions of classes and clothes, all of which have been chewed over interminably by fanfic authors. I have less than zero fashion sense anyway. Further, I personally dislike having to wait sometimes months for a chapter only to find that I have forgotten what went on before and having to re-read the whole story again. I also hate getting to the end of the twenty-something chapter of a really good story just for it to have been abandoned by the author; e.g. The Fifth Element and H.P. and the Curse's Cure and many, many others. So, I decided that I would not upload my stories until they were finished. Besides, I have gone over the whole story innumerable times and altered/improved/corrected faults. For instance, I wrote the 'Wand Weighing Ceremony' in the middle of writing the third task and have changed certain things substantially, right through the story, including this author's note. In addition I would not like the feeling of "I HAVE TO write another chapter before the next 'deadline'", or having to apologise due to the inability to write for some reason. I hope you enjoy the story. Despite JKR, I refuse to use September 1st, which could be any day of the week, for them travelling to Hogwarts. Travel the first Saturday of September, reacclimatising, unpacking, sorting out and greeting friends on Sunday, start classes Monday. Despite being a 71 year old British male and a fanfic reader for years I am a fairly new author with three short stories previous to this one. I have just realised (I have almost finished this story and am about a third the way through fifth year) that I have shamefully forgotten Crookshanks and even Hedwig to a certain extent. I am sure your imagination can insert them in appropriate places. Last, I have been reading Fanfic stories for years so some of the ideas in my story could very well be rooted in some other forgotten story that I read ages ago, if so, and you recognise it, thank you for the inspiration. HARRY'S FOURTH YEAR. Chapter 1: On the train. It was the first Saturday in September so Harry, Hermione and Ron were on the train to their fourth year at Hogwarts after the summer holidays. The main topic of conversation was the Quiddich World Cup that they had been to watch with the Weasleys. However, Harry wasn't as happy as Ron, and Hermione noticed, "Harry, are you Ok?" she asked, Ron was still chattering about the match, totally oblivious to Harry's state of mind, or Hermione talking to Harry. "I'm fine Hermione; I just hate being imprisoned in Durskaban every year, although escaping to see the World Cup was great." The gobshite Malfoy and Goons dropped by and got sent away again with their tails between their legs. He'll never learn. "Harry I just realised that you don't have Hedwig's cage and come to think of it I didn't see it last year either." Hermione said. "Hedwig can find me or anyone I send mail to." Harry replied. "She is as good as my familiar, actually I think she IS my familiar, she is certainly my friend and I don't believe she would ever leave me, so I scrapped her cage at the beginning of second year after Uncle Vernon trapped her in the cage and put a lock on it all summer. It was also difficult for her to get in and out of, she is two foot long, the cage was about three foot high and difficult for me to manage. She is at the moment somewhere between Little Whinging and Hogwarts. She is basically her own being, doing her own thing. Somehow, she is always there when I need her and I don't understand how." The train arrived at Hogsmeade soon enough and they were transported to the castle by the carriages pulled by Thestrals. Dumbledore made the grand speech about the Triwizard Tournament replacing the interhouse Quiddich matches, that the other schools would arrive just before Halloween and then the Champions would be chosen by a magical Artefact called the Goblet of Fire. There was, naturally, an uproar about the loss of the Quiddich games ensued and it took Dumbledore some minutes to gain calm. Meanwhile Harry's state of mind had dropped into a pit of despair. Hermione noticed, as usual, "Harry, . . Harry," He looked up at her and she saw that his eyes had the look of someone being led to their death. "What's the matter Harry?" "I just know that somehow I will get involved in this stupidity." He replied. "But there is a restriction on the age of anyone wanting to enter." She stated. "Do you really think that will matter? Especially where I am concerned. I have no wish to be in the balmy contest and certainly no wish for any more fame or fortune." Ron had been half listening and as usual grabbed the wrong end of the stick, "Shame about the Quiddich but it sounds like a great tournament, you're entering Harry?" he said with a huge stupid grin on his face. "NO Ron, I WILL NOT BE ENTERING." Harry got up and started out of the Great Hall, Hermione quickly followed him. Ron looked very puzzled. Sunday was for everyone to unpack and get reacclimatised to being at Hogwarts again ready for classes to start first thing on Monday. - # - - The other schools arrived and it was suddenly the Halloween feast. Harry was still depressed; mostly due to the memory of his parent's death on this date and he was still expecting to be railroaded into something. The feast ended and Dumbledore stood, Filch brought the Goblet which had blue flames rising from the inside. "Now is the time to discover the Champions chosen by the Goblet of fire. The flames turned a reddish gold, a slip of parchment was ejected from the flames and Dumbledore caught it. "The Champion for Durmstrang is Viktor Krum." Applause from the students and staff was very good. The flames turned a reddish gold, a slip of parchment was ejected from the flames and Dumbledore caught it. "The Champion for Beaubatons is Fleur Delacour." Applause from the students and staff was very good. The flames turned a reddish gold, a slip of parchment was ejected from the flames and Dumbledore caught it. "The Champion for Hogwarts is Cedric Diggory." Applause from the students and staff was very good. "Now that we have the Cham . . ." The flames turned a reddish gold again, there was a sudden deathly silence except for a groan from a person sitting about three quarters the way up the Gryphindor table, another slip of parchment was ejected from the flames and Dumbledore caught it. He looked at it for what seemed an eternity and then said "Harry Potter." The silence in the hall was absolutely deafening. " , would you please join the other Champions in the ante-room." Dumbledore said. "I knew it, I just knew it. Didn't I tell you Hermione? I just knew it." Harry groaned. "Ohh Harry I'm so sorry, but you'd better go and see what can be done." Hermione commiserated. On the way to the ante-room Harry was in deep thought, but brought out of it by Dumbledore saying "Harry, did you enter your name?" "NO absolutely NOT Professor, I did NOT enter my name." Harry replied. Both Dumbledore's question and Harry's answer were loud enough to be heard by all the silent students in the hall, but Harry could see that there was only one, no, two of those present that believed his answer. The second was signifying her belief by holding her hands against her mouth with her lovely silvery blue eyes wide in horror. Luna, Harry thought, is a lovely person. Just like Hermione. He was really glad that he had resolved the bullying that the members of her house were perpetrating on her early last year. He failed to notice two others that looked troubled. An auburn haired girl in Hufflepuff, and a blonde girl in Slytherin. Harry had the glimmerings of a plan but could not come to grips with all the nuances of it until he had thought it out and talked to Hermione about it, and maybe Luna. Ron was a loss as he automatically believed Harry had entered his name and was irrationally jealous thinking Harry had kept the way of doing it from himself. There was the dismissive attitude from Fleur Delacour, the sullen gob from Viktor Krum and the disbelieving frown from Cedric Diggory along with the outbursts from Karkaroff and Maxime and the total non-help from the Ministry officials. Snape managed to give his snide opinion and Harry just waited, answering questions directed to him but not volunteering anything. The upshot was that Harry had to compete as it was a binding Magical contract. During the following weeks the students displayed how fickle they were by whispering, pointing and not talking to Harry. His only companion was Hermione and occasionally Luna when she could. Harry, Hermione and Luna were getting closer and Luna was ecstatic to have friends. Malfoy made his usual inane comments making his sycophants laugh. A week before the first task Harry found out that it was Dragons, nesting mothers to be exact. He knew that Fleur and Viktor knew about them but he didn't think Cedric did. He sought Cedric out and told him. Cedric paled at the news but Harry said "Don't worry, I have a plan but I need permission and cooperation from you and the other two. We need to have a meeting, they won't talk to me but could you bring them to an empty classroom? Let me know what time; please believe me Cedric, I DID NOT enter my name." "I believe you Harry. I'll try to arrange things for tomorrow." Cedric stated. - # - - The next day at 6pm, Harry walked to the classroom that Cedric had commandeered for the Champion's meeting, opened the door and went in. Fleur and Krum started to get up to leave but Cedric stopped them, "Harry had nothing to do with entering his name in the Tournament and would like to talk to all three of us, please give him a chance and listen." They settled back down on their desks. "Thank you Cedric. First I understand your reactions and agree with you that I shouldn't be in this stupid Tournament. I believe that someone has entered me on the orders of Voldemort, who I choose to call Mouldyshorts and anything else that is insulting. Now I think that with the Ministry etc. forcing me to compete it has made the whole tournament into a farce, do you agree?" All three nodded. "OK then, between us we should be able to really make this situation totally farcical and ridiculous along with helping each other out. How about it? We should have a laugh as well." Cedric, Fleur and Krum nodded their heads in agreement. "What about the prize money Harry?" Cedric asked. "If the prize money is important to you then I will give each of you 1,000 galleons at the end irrespective of who wins, I have more than enough in