As an eight year old raven headed boy laid crouched over in the backyard crying because of the beating his uncle Vernon gave him for defending himself from the onslaught of his cousin's fat fist. He wished with all his heart that his parents were alive to rescue him from his personal hell from the Dursley's abuse. His other punishment was to go out into the yard and pick every weed until it was time for him to go back into his cupboard beneath the stairs. He was so distracted that he didn't see a copper and black snake coming from the bushes. It was the common Adder snake that stopped and looked at the green eye boy with glasses. The boy frightened fell backwards to get away from the poisonous snake. "~~Why do you cry two legger child? ~~What is the cause of your pain~~?" Hissed the snake as it stared intently at the child. "You're talking? You're a snake but how can you be talking to me?" All fear left the lad as his curiosity got the better of him. ~~"So you can talk to me two legger, I felt your power; you must be a Parselmouth wizard I'm glad my hunch paid off. You young master are speaking Parseltonque, the language of the serpents. Now boy what can a humble adder serpent like me do for you?"~~ "Wizard? I'm no wizard…I'm just Harry Potter and how can you help me? You're just a snake; you can't do anything against my uncle. He's a large man and a brute; he would just stomp on you like you're nothing. Look at what he did to my back." Harry lifted up his shirt and showed the copper snake the brutality of his uncle as he had whelps that had traces of blood and swelling. ~~"No you're a wizard and will be a very powerful one when you become older, that scar on your head will lead you into greatness. Serpents can always sense and see powerful magic users and you will become one of the greatest wizards of all times with the right motivation. If my kin protect you from these awful two leggers you must protect me and my kind in the future when you get older. I can even show the magical artifacts that are hidden in that house of yours and give you access to the power from that scar on your forehead. I know for sure that will help you become even more powerful as you grow older. So do we have a deal young wizard?"~~ As the serpent continue to hiss his words out at the green eye child. "What do you mean power from my scar? It's just a scar, nothing special about it I got it a car accident." ~~"No young master that's not from an accident at all, I will show you its full capabilities if you agree to my terms. It will give you knowledge beyond your years and we all know there is no knowledge that is not power."~~ "Boy what in the bloody hell are you doing out there? Get back to work or what I did to you just now will feel like a gentle breeze on your ass compared to what I will do now!" His uncle face turned red with anger as he poked his head out the window. Harry jumped in fear; he thought he would be doomed to spend the remainder of his childhood years beaten by this obese of a human scum called his uncle. He knew he only had one option. "It's a deal." Harry looked backed at his uncle who head was sticking out of the window in a murderous rage. The snake bowed his head as he accepted the terms of the boy. ~~"Tomorrow morning we will access that knowledge of power in your head. Then you will get the power to make you go from the beta to the alpha of this house which you are already compared to them. Then in three days time I will make sure they never hurt you or even look at you wrong. So until tomorrow morning your destiny awaits you mighty master."~~ "Wait what is your name?" Asked Harry as lifted him self up off the ground. ~~"My name is Kyshayarsha, young master." As he slithered away from the house. After an exhausting day, the Dursley's refuse to let the boy eat because they said he should have been finished with the yard work hours ago. His aunt Petunia grabbed him by his ear and slung him into the cupboard under the stairs and locked the door. As Harry laid there on the floor he had many questions that ran through his mind. One thought was of his parents, was one of them magical or were they both magical? He threw that idea out of his head, if they either one of them had magic then one could save the other. They both would be alive and they would be a happy family. Plus his aunt Petunia didn't display any magical abilities so more than likely his mother didn't have any. He had so many thoughts running around in his head that he failed to realize that it was one in the morning before he began to grow tired. He could only think that tomorrow will finally shine just for him. Harry woke up bright and early to meet Kyshayarsha. He was exhausted but excited to see what the copper snake was going to show him. He quickly walked to the garden where they promised to meet and to his surprise Kyshayarsha was there waiting for him. ~~"Good morning to you young master, I hope you slept well?"~~ As he hissed in Parseltongue. "Yes, now you said that you would show me how to get powerful so I can leave this house for good and never return!" That was Harry's only concern. ~~"You're still a child young master but what you will learn will only be what that scar contains, you still need the kindness of monsters like the Dursleys to survive. They have money, shelter and food; you're still too young to have these things in the non-magic world. But I might have a solution to that as well. But let's get started on accessing your true capabilities, hold onto my tail and close your eyes and concentrate all of your magic into me. Let your magic flow through your body and think of a place in your mind that's of your own creation".~~ Harry concentrated until he started to feel like he was in a trance, he opened his eyes and he was in a lush green grassy field hill over looking the ocean. He was in total awe, this was his imagination but everything seemed real to the touch. "So this is your paradise and safe zone" said a voice that was smooth and baritone. "Who are you?" Harry jumped backed to look at the tall pale stranger. The man was dressed in a dark blue suit and a blue ASOS pork pie hat on his head. His features were snake like and he had yellow eyes and a black cloak on as he looked out unto the ocean. "It's me Kyshayarsha, I thought this appearance would be better for you but if you like I can change back?" As he kneeled down in front of the young eight year old boy. "No that's fine, I can't believe that this place is all in my head. It feels so real, I can even smell the water off the ocean." Harry closed his eyes and felt the sun and the breeze as it wisped through his black unmanageable hair. Kyshayarsha laughed" it feels real because your mind makes it real, you must remember that. This is part of your happy place in your mind that makes you feel secure." Harry looked around as he felt something was off, a feeling like a dark dread of something evil was around him. He looked over and that feeling seemed to be emulating from a house." Do you feel that presence? Its scares me and its coming from that house and its making my heart thump faster and faster. Whatever is over there it doesn't belong here." Harry was trembling in fear as he looked at the large abandoned house on the hill. "Then that's where we must go, only after you face your fear will you become a great wizard." Kyshayarsha walked toward the dilapidated house. Harry looked at the house and was afraid to move an inch toward it; it felt like death itself dwell inside that residence. He thought about not going but then he thought of the Dursleys treatment, if this could lead to a better life wasn't it a risk worth taking? He steeled himself and followed behind his mentor toward his destiny. When they approached the house Harry cautiously turned the door knob to see what horrors lie inside. As he looked inside the dwelling it was shadowy and empty and filthy with dirt and leaves all on the floor. As he looked in the center of the room there laid a grey small stature creature sleeping on the floor. Harry first impression was this horrible foul smelling beast was dead. Harry found a piece of wood and poked it several times but the creature still lay motionless. "This creature that you see young master lie dormant in your mind, it will not wake unless called upon by its master. This loathsome beast has over sixty years of knowledge and experience waiting just for you. You will use this creature's abilities and add to it your own as you grow, your destiny awaits young master." Harry looked at this pitiful beast and wondered can this thing make him a great wizard? His only reply to his mentor was" what do I do to obtain this so called greatness from this thing." "Conjure an image in your mind's eye to bind this filthy beast so he can't escape" Kyshayarsha kneeled down and looked at the deform entity in Harry's mind. Harry concentrated hard on a way to bind this alien looking creature and then it came to him. He imagined the creature in a straight jacket and its body wrapped in heavy chains and then encaged in a steel box with only his head showing. The beast began to scream in agony as its screech blew out the rest of the windows in the house as it was now a prisoner of the young wizard. Harry and Kyshayarsha covered their ears in pain until the creature stopped screaming. Harry noticed that the creature fell right back to sleep as if nothing happened. Kyshayarsha pushed Harry toward the caged creature and told him to place his hand on the creature's head and pull out its secrets from its mind. Harry calmed his nerves and walked toward the strange deform being and cautiously placed his hand on its head. Harry's hand glowed a golden color and his eyes turned the same as his hand, the next thing Harry's body stiffened as his mind was downloaded with data that overwhelmed his young mind. His mindscape began to crumble and things went completely dark. The next door neighbor saw Harry early this morning and figured that fat ass Vernon was sending his nephew to do all the yard work again. He hated the Dursleys because they always said that their nephew was a mental menace that was nothing but a madman in the making. Thomas Mosley knew better than to believe the rumors the Dursleys were spreading to the neighbors, he talked to the boy and knew him to be kind and very bright unlike Dudley who couldn't form a single intelligent sentence without showing he was going to be a moron all his life. As he was going to say good morning to the boy he couldn't see where he disappeared