A/N: I want to make a few things clear before we get started here. First of all, this story is going to be very political. If reading exposition-heavy stories with lengthy explanations of magic history isn't really your thing, you probably won't like this all that much. Secondly, though the narrator is very outspoken in his own views, both politically and in his opinions of other characters, these are his opinions, not mine. I don't want any angry PMs about how Lyndon Johnson was the second coming of Christ, or whatever. As far as canon goes, this story will be compliant with book-canon, but I'm going to play pretty fast and loose with Pottermore-canon, and even things established in FBAWTFT, for a variety of reasons. The main character is an American, but the story is set in Britain, so the use of American English outside of dialogue is intentional. On that topic, this is written as a series of in-universe articles written by the main character, so there will be a lot of cultural references that aren't really explained in the text. These are clarified in the footnotes. Finally, early on in the story Harris is going to shit-talk Magical Britain ruthlessly. I promise that I'm not an arrogant American attacking Europe, and Harris isn't a blind jingoist. The internal politics of America and other countries will come up eventually, and Harris is no more forgiving of their faults. Originally published by Timothy Harris on August 13th, 1995 in the Boston Quill The sun rose over my apartment in London, casting a harsh light through the window. I stirred, gradually re-entering the world of the living. Piercing the walls were angry, shrill tones of cars and buses down below, jockeying for position with one another, as masses of bodies, magic and muggle alike, scurried around them. I sat up, and the room swam around as though I was looking through a broken kaleidoscope. Inch by inch, I peeled myself out of bed and set about getting myself together over the sound of a violent throbbing emanating from somewhere deep inside my skull. I pulled on my matching black socks while inspecting my surroundings as though they weren't the same as they had been when I had finally collapsed from exhaustion the night before. It was nearly 7 when I lurched out the door in the general direction of the Leaky Cauldron, wide-eyed and jazzed up on enough twitch[1] to floor a mountain troll. Having grown up in the Bronx, I'll always have a special place in my heart for Thwickston Square, but even I have to admit that Diagon Alley is something special. It has a kind of ancient character that I have yet to come across anywhere else. Everything from the cobblestones in the road to the clouds overhead buzzed with an intangible excitement. It was a testament to the street's charm that even the stench of authoritarianism gently wafting from the Daily Prophet building couldn't taint the experience. Magical London is a strange place indeed, even by magic standards. A small, sleepy, magical town nested inside a towering muggle metropolis, it is a land of contradictions. Surrounded by people, yet, embraced with a kind of peaceful loneliness, dripping in tradition, yet alive with excitement. I've always thought it a great injustice that such a beautiful and unique place could be ruled over by such a writhing mass of human filth as the British Ministry of Magic. I wonder if the two may be connected, if the corrupt and haphazard nature of the local government is what allows such a strange and idiosyncratic locale. The religiously focused and strictly regimented governments of Sweden or Ethiopia would surely have swept in and contorted this place into acceptable dimensions. Britain, on the other hand, was too occupied with bribery and screwing over werewolves. Even after over a decade spent in London, Diagon Alley never fails to draw me in and enthrall me. Soon after, I found myself worming my way into the familiar halls of the Ministry Building, destined for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and Wizengamot Courtroom 10, located therein. For my American readers who may not have had the pleasure of acquainting themselves with the inner workings of the British Ministry, I assure you it is quite simple. The Wizengamot serves a similar function to MACUSA, which is to say, they spend most of their time vigorously masturbating, occasionally pausing to vomit out something vaguely resembling legislation, only to resume their self-gratification. They also function as a high court in a system so broken and convoluted it could have only been conceived by magic Britain. Some number of members, ranging from the 5 schlubs who couldn't think of an excuse that weekend to all 53 of the self-important jackals preside over trials, ruling in favor or against whatever poor sap the ministry has it out for that week. The system by which the number of members for a specific trial is determined is opaque to all but the Minister, his closest advisers, and whatever pure-blooded jack-off happens to be fingering his asshole at that particular time. In other words, they don't keep up the charade of transparency and justice, which is something we Americans could learn something from. I have a feeling our system would be much more efficient if we didn't have to keep going through the motions in some kind of pathetic game to convince ourselves we aren't terrible people. The average Wizengamot member was born in 1908 and has lived approximately zero days in their life. Dumbledore, at the very least, could be counted on to behave as though he weren't surrounded by a small army of wax-figure automatons, but Fudge had him removed a month ago, denying me my only entertainment. Merlin, Fudge, where will it end? Are you so pissed off about my column that you want to turn my job into such a boring slog through arcane bullshit parliamentary tricks that I'll get frustrated and quit? If so, it's working, you soul-sucking walrus. The only people left with any shadow of personality are the wack-jobs in the Purity Legion, who are so sincere in their insanity it's almost comforting, and Dolores Umbridge, who is insightful to talk to in the same way that passing a kidney stone may be considered interesting. I suppose one of the Radicals might be entertaining from time to time, but usually they just end up ranting about magic carpet restrictions or some nonsense. The victim on today's chopping block was none other than Harry Potter himself, who was in trouble for casting a patronus in front of a muggle or some bullshit like like that. This act of teenage discipline somehow necessitated convening the highest court in the land, a move so transparently corrupt you could clearly see Fudge's asshole pressed against the other side. I've met Potter only once before, in the Leaky Cauldron, when he was a shy, eager eleven-year-old. Ah, to be eleven again. Back then, the whole "magic" thing was so new and amazing it drowned out the thick layer of filth and hypocrisy that covered everything in this world. What it must be like, to have such an exciting new world turn on him without warning. I'll never get to experience it, because everyone hates me already. They don't actually let journalists into the trials, because that would reek of government accountability, but they do let us look over the official transcripts and brownnose officials for small bits of information. This is where I was at 7:30 in the morning, because I clearly did something to greatly insult the journalism gods in a past life. The hearing was originally scheduled for 9:00, but it was suddenly shifted back an hour because now we aren't even going to pretend to be fair. In less soul-crushing news, Dumbledore is back, now as a mere witness. Well, he's not back yet, because of Fudge's aforementioned fuckery, but he is somewhere around here, sure to arrive at any moment. In the meantime, I find myself drifting in the direction of one of Bartholemew Snelling's aides. That's right, these fuckers all have aides, because their job is so hard they need a bunch of twenty-something monkeys to shine their shoes or whatever. Snelling is one of my least favorite politicians, which means it is always fun to search for more fodder to mock him with. The little baboon seemed to recognize me as I approached, because I saw his face sink as soon as we made eye contact. "Harris," he stated, as though he felt that he deserved points for recognizing me, and perhaps those points could be exchanged for not having to interact with me. "I though you were getting transferred to Algeria?" Hiawatha[2], I wish. Do you know what Jackson is covering in Algeria right now? I guarantee it isn't some fucking disciplinary hearing. Granted, there aren't any dark wizards at large in Algeria, but officially there aren't any here, so who knows. "No," I replied, deciding to leave it at that. "I wanted to talk to you because I know that Snelling is very close to the Minister, and I wondered if you might have any insight into why the entire Wizengamot was convened to handle such a trial." "Well, the Minister takes breaches of the Statute of Secrecy very seriously, so-" "But why this one, specifically. When those regurgitating toilet pranksters get caught, is Fudge going to drag them in front of the Wizengamot?" Of course not, Fudge couldn't give a single solitary fuck about some muggle-baiting hooligans do. He'd probably be out there harassing muggles himself if he didn't have a crippling fear of them. "I don't feel I'm really qualified to say what the Minister plans to do in that event." "So you're saying that there is no ulterior motive for calling the entire Wizengamot, or the arbitrary time-change, or the early trial date?" "The Minister would never do something to undermine justice. The Department of Magical Law Enforcement reserves the right to change the time and date for any trial, and it notified both Potter and Dumbledore ahead of time." There was no hint of surprise at the accusation, suggesting that the thought may have occurred to him. Of course, what he thought and what he said were completely independent of each other, as Snelling wasn't paying him to think. Snelling really wasn't paying him much of anything, which made his blind loyalty all the more baffling. "And yet neither of them are here yet. That seems strange, don't you think? I don't know Potter, but Dumbledore always used to show up hours ahead of time for these things." He started to respond, but I cut him off. "Don't feel like you have to respond, we both know what you were going to say. I was just curious if you were privy to any secret information you were willing to share. It is strange though, don't you think? Both of them lose their minds on the same day, and the government stooges at the Prophet start bad-mouthing the two of them right around the same time the Minister decides to make them jump through hoops. Very odd coincidence." At this, he clearly felt he had humored me long enough, and left. Eight o'clock came and went without Potter arriving. I began to wonder if Fudge's chickenshit tactics had actually worked when I saw him being escorted down the hallway by Arthur Weasley, with a mixture of fear and confusion on his face. He was shoved quickly into the room by Weasley, who turned and nodded in my direction. "Timothy," he said, out of breath. "It's been a while." "Yeah, it must have been two years since that whole 'Chamber of Secrets' thing." "About, yes." I've come into contact with Arthur Weasley a few times in the past, over the course of my exploits in the Ministry of Magic. He was