A/N: Hello and welcome all to my first foray into the world of Fanfiction. Or rather, my written and published attempt at creating a fairly decent product. I've read many good and some truly fantastic fanfictions on this site, and not just in the P.J.O section either. After some time, I thought to myself, "Hey, I might as well give it a shot too." So here we stand, with my first work, Burden of the Curse. Just a bit of a warning, this is going to be straying a bit from the normal universe that Rick Riordan set down, and as such I might confuse or irritate some people with how I choose to handle rules and whatnot that exist in the universe that I'm creating here. Now this isn't a new idea or anything, and the concept for my extended universe has already been used I'm sure, but I just wanted to get that out there. Alright, with that said I also want to say that I'm very, very sorry if I offend anybody out there with my portrayal of some religions or deities that make appearances in my work. I wanted to extend and expand upon the world of the gods, and as such I added in religions from all around the world, some that have more or less declined to near non-existent worship, while some others are still practiced by many people today. I try to keep myself impartial, and as such, I don't want to bash one religion while glorifying another, and as such I try to portray each with both positive and negative aspects. I decided to avoid Christianity and Islam altogether, considering those wouldn't really work with the whole "Polytheistic demigod creating pantheons" that are practically necessary for creating this world. Alas, the third largest religion will make an appearance, so to any who practice Hinduism, I try to be as accurate as possible, but there will more than likely be mistakes. Feel free to correct me if I make a fatal flaw, that goes for all religions of course. Again, sorry for any offense that I may throw down, but with fanfiction, that is pretty much always guaranteed to happen. Now to finish it all off, I would just like you to know that I might have a semi-erratic update schedule. I'm currently on break for university, but once the next semester starts well... I might not have a ton of time to write for leisure. Another note, I'm not an English major or anything like that, so I might not be the best writer and craft the best version of the story. I have this somewhat planned out, but sometimes I find it difficult to put my thoughts onto paper the way that it all played out in my mind. I like to write chapters in fairly large chunks, and usually they end up being 7k~15k words. This work is all self-edited too, so if you find major mistakes in my writing please bring it to my attention, because I would like to keep it as neat as possible. TL:DR: Thank you for reading my first fanfic, and hopefully nobody gets too offended by the way I portray religions and deities in my work. My updates may not always be fantastic, but I'll try to make it twice or so a month. Chapters will usually be anywhere from 7k~15k words, so hopefully twice a month is okay for you all, but again no promises. Disclaimer: I do not own or make any money off of this work of fanfiction. All rights for the characters in Percy Jackson and the Olympians and Heroes of Olympus go to Rick Riordan and all who were involved in the creation of the novels. 1. Rage, Rage Against the Dying of the Light Clouds lazily floated across the skyline of New York, occasionally blocking out the sun, then allowing for the chariot of Apollo to be seen once more. Campers at the demigod camp known as Camp Half-Blood busied themselves with various activities ranging from climbing the massive lava wall, to tending the strawberry fields, and even to practicing their swordplay in the arena. The general mood of the camp was similar to the clouds, lazy and in no rush. People were content with the lives that they were leading now, and they tried their damnedest to squeeze every ounce of enjoyment from their leisure time that they could before something thrust them into a life or death situation once more. They were demigods, children of the Greek gods and mythological beings, which meant that just like their predecessors such as Theseus, Heracles, and Bellerophon, their lives were dangerous and never easy to lead. In fact, the past several years had only enunciated the brutal and deadly life that all demigods seemed to live. The Second Titanomachy and the Second Gigantomachy had taken an obvious toll on Camp Half-Blood and it's inhabitants. The wars had taken a ghastly amount of lives, and had left many campers missing a few, if not several friends. Most had lost some family too, and that was only taking into consideration the physical aspect of the wars. Many people, demigod or not, simply have a difficult time bouncing back from war. Seeing friends and family being slaughtered at the hands of inhuman creatures would strain anybody's mind, even when trained. Emotionally, people were having a hard time getting their bearings. Most hoped that they would never be called into service again. Many begrudged the gods for making them, the demigods, fight on the front lines in order to stop extremely powerful beings like the Titans and the Gigantes. Everybody wanted peace, and everybody was tired of fighting. They wanted to feel safe for once in their lives, and they wanted to pretend that the wars and their aftereffects could just be waved away like a particularly bothersome mosquito. Unfortunately this mindset alienated many demigods who were unable to cope with the mental burden that the wars had placed on them. As unfortunate as it was, there were some suicides, those who simply felt that there was no point in trying to move on. And yet, these were swept under the rug, and not discussed as much as they perhaps should have been. Nobody could be blamed of course, because blaming one would be blaming all. It was just unfortunate circumstances that led to depression and eventual mental breakdown, which nobody seemed to be willing to talk about. Support groups were rare, mostly because people were afraid that if they talked about it, then the memories would come to the front and threaten to drown them. As such, precautions were taken by only the millennia old trainer of Half-Bloods, Chiron. He had seen more than his share of cases that related to Post Traumatic Stress, and he wanted to lessen the burden on the demigods of the current generation. Unfortunately, as hard as he tried, he was only one man, and he was not willing to force campers to talk about what they had experienced while fighting. He pushed, and made announcements at the amphitheater every week. Flyers were posted on and in the Big House, as well as given to cabin counselors to hand out to their respective cabins. The average turnout for each support meeting was about seven to ten, and those were simply the older campers looking to support their friends. Clarisse La Rue was there, and supporting her was usually Chris Rodriguez. A beautiful relationship in Chiron's old eyes, seeing as how Clarisse had stuck by Chris during his bout of madness after his trek into the Labyrinth. Now it seemed that war had finally taken it's toll on the daughter of Ares, and it was Chris' turn to take the mantel of supporter. Travis Stoll was another, and Katie Gardner and his brother Connor were there to help him through the loss of his left arm. It had been during the final fight between the Olympians and the Gigantes, and Travis had been distracted by lesser monsters. The manticore, otherwise known as Dr. Thorn, had managed to sneak up on the son of Hermes, and had sunk his teeth deeply into Travis' arm, biting through into the bone. It had needed to be crudely amputated in the middle of the battle by a child of Apollo since there was hardly any time to stop and tend to his wound. Luckily for him, a mechanical arm was in the works for him courtesy of the Hephaestus cabin and Leo Valdez. A few other older campers from the Apollo and the Hephaestus cabins also attended the meetings, though there was more variety for these campers. Rarely was a face seen twice from the other cabins, those campers having just stopped by to see what the group was all about and how it was operated, before they decided that it dredged up a past that was best forgotten. The only one who went to every single meeting was none other than Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon and Hero of Olympus twice over. He would always be at the Thursday meetings, never once late or too early, arriving exactly at 1:00 p.m. His sea-green eyes and black hair with a few strands of white were always present. The young hero would sit with the others, but never spoke about his own troubles, something that Chiron worried over for many nights. Instead he offered his solemn support, hoping to find a way to lessen the pain that his friends felt. He offered soft spoken words of comfort and small gestures of sympathy and empathy. Even after the wars, he tried to be other people's hero. The old centaur didn't want for Percy to feel the need to be strong for the others, since that's exactly what was happening. Somewhere along the line the son of Poseidon had gotten the idea in his head that he needed to be strong all the time so that others could use him as a rock, an anchor so that they wouldn't be swept away from the tides of sadness that threatened to envelop them. Chiron knew however, that Percy too had his fair share of baggage to deal with. He had been to Tartarus, and had made it back safely, although what had happened was vaguely described by himself. It was truly unfortunate that nothing was being shared, mostly because as it turned out Annabeth had fallen unconscious shortly after drinking from the Phlegethon. The reaction was to be expected of course, seeing as the river was literally fire, and the pain must have been immense, but something nagged at Chiron that there was certainly more than met the eye at the convenience of the occurrence. He had no doubts of Annabeth's integrity of course, and would never dream of accusing her of faking her incapacitation so that Percy would have to do all the hard work, but still there was something off about the situation. It definitely didn't help that Percy could only describe what happened afterwards in a very choppy and vague way. There was also an aspect that seemed to be missing from his story, mainly towards the end. Tartarus had apparently shown up to confront Percy, and stop him from escaping with Annabeth through the Doors of Death. The son of Poseidon had described the primordial aspect of the Pit as a tall man, dressed in a charcoal grey three-piece suit. Apparently the primordial had no face, and instead only had a vortex of darkness that seemed to twist and warp the space around his head. While his appearance was odd enough, apparently his actions were even stranger. At first, Tartarus had stopped Perseus, and had more or less demanded that he stay in the Pit. But then, after Percy had given his patented sarcastic replies, the primordial had simply laughed and let the two of them go. Chiron highly doubted that the