The thing about loving Scorpius Malfoy is that it hurts . It hurts in an aching-heart-weighing-my-chest-down kind of way. It is physically painful, but I do it anyways. I do it because when he smiles, when he laughs, I forget about the ache. All I feel is air, like I'm flying. The best is when he smiles at me or laughs with me. He'll turn to me every so often to see if I'm laughing, too. That's why today sucked. Because when he turned to see if I laughed at his snide remark, (an occurrence so rare I try to remember each time it happens), I don't laugh. I can't. The only thing going through my mind is Scorpius's lips on Lavinia Bell's in a dark corridor. Since Marianna told me the rumour at breakfast, everything inside is warring between fight or flight. The fight bit tells me that this is only gossip, but the flight reminds me how easily this could be true. Not a lot of people make it to seventh year having never kissed anyone. Sometimes it seems like only me. In Scorpius's case, I'm fairly certain he isn't even a virgin . So I glance away when Scorpius looks at me. I know I'll zoom in on his lips and wonder if he liked it. xoxoxo "Rose! Hey!" I turn to see Albus running towards me, robes dishevelled and stray papers peeking out from his leather satchel. "Did you do the Charms homework yet?" Despite it being after dinner, and despite the fact that I probably should have done it, I shake my head. "Ask Scorpius to ask Lavinia. I'm sure she's done it." We start walking towards the library. "Lavinia? Why would he ask her ? She's bollocks at quidditch. No way would Scorp even talk to her." I snort because I'm also "bollocks" at quidditch. Even if I practiced all day every day, I wouldn't get better. If Scorpius likes athletic girls, I'm already out of the running. "Rumour has it that he snogged her last night." Albus and I sit at our favourite homework table towards the back. We pull out our matching Charms textbooks. While mine is pristine, (a testament to how much I use it), Albus's looks like it was ravaged by the Burrow's garden gnomes. "I guess he could have; he did go out for a while last night before curfew." "Maybe you should ask him," I say with what I hope is subtle vehemence, but of course he's as oblivious as ever. He just starts reading the assigned text. xoxoxo "C'mon," Marianna says while we get ready for bed. "I know for a fact you don't have anything to do next Saturday." "I've got loads of—" "If you say 'homework,' I'll scream! You can do it on Sunday. Please help? I'll be stuck with Gryffindors. I cannot possibly listen to another Hufflepuff joke from their bulbous heads." "Watch it, that's our parents' house you're talking about." She huffs and places a hand on her hip. I stare up at her from the edge of my bed. "Rose, you will help me set-up for the dance. You'll do it because you love me and don't want to see me suffer for three hours." I roll my eyes. "Fine, but I do have chorus practice in the morning so I might be a little late." Marianna jumps on me, propelling me backwards onto my bed in a monstrous hug. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" xoxoxo "So, Scorpius didn't know the answer to six." Albus sits down beside me during breakfast at the Hufflepuff table. "I'm here on recon." Marianna giggles. "As if Rose would have gotten it when Scorpius didn't." I kick her under the table. "I'm just as smart as him!" "But you're too much of a daydreamer," Marianna says before eating a piece of toast. ". . . so did you get six?" "No," I admit. "Where is Scorpius anyway? Couldn't be bothered to get up from the table this morning?" Albus helps himself to a bit of sausage from my plate. "Nope, he's with Longbottom in the greenhouse." "Why?" Marianna asks. He furrows his eyebrows, trying to remember before shrugging. "I guess he needs extra credit or something," Albus says with a mouthful of sausage. "Honestly, you're worse than my father," I say in reference to his eating habits. "Hey! Uncle Ron is pretty great." "There's no way that Scorpius Malfoy needs extra credit—in any class. His grades are impeccable," Marianna says. "He's been spending a lot of mornings there," Albus says. "You are so unobservant," I say. Marianna rolls her eyes. "You both are." Albus stands and waves towards the entrance to the Great Hall. "Oi! Scorp! Over here!" I follow his movements to Scorpius at the double doors. His sleeves are rolled up to his elbows and his hands look stained with dirt. I have never seen his blonde hair in such disarray. He looks sexier than usual. Scorpius sees Albus's brash waving and blushes a little at Marianna and me. I swear my heart stuttered—even if the blush doesn't mean what I think it means, I can pretend. But he walks over to the Slytherin table with a little wave. "Well, I'm off, ladies! Have a lovely breakfast." Albus gets up and heads over toward Scorpius across the Great Hall. "Someone looks a little scruffy," Marianna says with a small smile staring down at her plate. "Shut it," I mutter. "Just tell him how you feel—who really cares?" "You don't get it. He's practically part of my family—he's everywhere." "So, your parents already love him." "But what if he doesn't—y'know—like me?" "But wouldn't you rather know than not?" Marianna reaches over and gives my hand a squeeze. "Mar, it's not just a . . . crush ." "Yeah, I picked up on that." "It hurts," I say. She nods her wonderful, Marianna Wood nod and gives me another squeeze before pulling away. "We should go to class." xoxoxo "I need a love potion," Hugo says. We're on the lawn by the Black Lake. I'm reading a biography about the Weird Sisters. He is obsessively rummaging through my sixth and seventh year Potions textbooks that he demanded I bring. "You're a Ravenclaw, make your own," I say. "So much for loyalty," he retorts. "C'mon, you're smart. At the very least consider Uncle George—those potions are supposedly very potent." "No, then everyone will know—Uncle George couldn't keep his mouth shut if his life depended on it." I set my book down and shift from my belly to my side. "What do you need a love potion for, anyway?" He sets down my sixth-year Potions textbook. His circular wire-rimmed glasses are low on the bridge of his nose. "Karen Post. She doesn't even notice me." He says it like it's a fact, not an emotion. "Is she a Ravenclaw? Because if she is, she probably doesn't notice anything besides her books." "She's in your house," Hugo says. Oh. "What year?" "Fourth." "But you're in fifth!" "So? It's not a crime to like someone in a younger year." He indignantly pushes his glasses upwards. "Okay, okay. Have you tried talking to her?" "Once." "I'm guessing it didn't go well." Hugo probably tried to talk to the poor girl about plants. "It's my favourite batch of cousins!" Hugo and I both look up to see Albus and Scorpius walking toward us. "Lovely day for an afternoon stroll, isn't it Scorp?" Albus smiles and then plops down next to us, Scorp following his lead. "Excellent, in fact. Nice biography by the way—read it last summer." My head jerks in Scorpius's direction—did he just speak to me? Did he comment on my book? "Uh . . . yeah. I'm halfway through and I'm really enjoying it." "So is that what you want to do, after graduation? Pursue music?" He's looking at me with this intensity. His eyes are so blue. "What?" "You're in chorus, right?" He knew that? "Oh, right. Yeah. I'm not really sure about what I'm doing after Hogwarts. What about you? Are you going to do quidditch?" He smiles widely. I can see how one of his top teeth gently juts out in front of the other. "I really hope so. The Chudley Cannons are recruiting a little before graduation." "The Cannons ?" "I know, he's mental. I try to tell him Puddlemere United is where he should be, but his heart's set," Albus says. "The Chudley Cannons are the worst ," I say. Scorpius shrugs. "Maybe I could start a revolution." "What will Mr. Malfoy say to that?" "Dad'll live. Hey—what are all these Potions textbooks doing here?" I grab my book and continue reading, because this is so not my problem. "I need a—a—a love potion," Hugo says. I'm sure his cheeks are bright red. "What on earth for? You're a Weasley—Uncle George told me how suave he and Fred were with the ladies. You've got it covered," Albus says. "Strange considering Uncle George never brings a girlfriend to a single family gathering," I say not looking up. "Thanks, Rose," Hugo says with solemnity in his voice. "Any time." "Well, maybe I can help," Scorpius says. But he says it quietly, like he isn't quite sure he can. "Oh, yeah! Scorp is great with the birds," Albus says. "Don't call us 'birds,' please," I say. "I don't know . . ." I look up and see Hugo clenching his fists—a nervous tick. "Go-Go, it's okay," I say and reach over to pat his knee. "It's all right if you don't want to tell them." "No, that's—that's quite fine. I, erm, well . . . she's just . . . and she doesn't . . ." Hugo stares so intently at the ground. "Have you tried talking to her?" Scorpius says. " Yes , and she just doesn't notice me." "Make her—do something extraordinary. You're a Ravenclaw—can't you invent something?" "He's more of a book person, actually," I say. Scorpius's eyes light up. "Perfect! Write her some poetry, then." "I don't write," Hugo says. "Just ask her to the dance," I say. "If she says no, it's not like anyone but us knows how much you like her, right?" "I guess so . . ." "C'mon, Go-Go, you have one shot!" I smile. Hugo rolls his eyes. "Why were we even here?" Albus says. "Moral support, mate," says Scorpius. He then turns to me and winks. Scorpius Malfoy just winked at me . I'm not sure I can breathe, I'm not sure if I'm moving. My face warms—a blush expanding. Scorpius's smirk spreads into a wide grin at my reaction. "You comin' to the quidditch match this Saturday?" Scorpius says. "Oi, do you have a date, too?" Albus says. "Erm, no. What do you mean 'too?'" "Scorp won't tell me who, but he says he's got his eyes set on a lovely lady." My stomach bottoms out. Of course, he's got his eyes on someone. Probably Lavinia. "Oh, well that's nice. Hey, I promised to meet Marianna before dinner. Good luck, Go-Go," I say and pick up my two textbooks along with my biography. I try not to look at Scorpius, but it's hard. His silver-blonde hair demands attention in the sunny afternoon. "Oh, um, bye Rose," Scorpius says. I look at him and force a smile. "Bye everyone." I practically sprint back to the castle. xoxoxo Marianna doesn't say something stupid, like, "Maybe he's talking about you!" She just stays silent while I bitch and moan on my bed, looking up at the ceiling. She pats a foot from her perch at the end of my mattress. "I'm sorry, Rose." "He's so cruel! Why would he wink ?" "He's a winking fiend," Marianna says with mock admonishment. I laugh a little through my tears. "I'm so silly." "It's not silly to feel this way." "But it seems silly. I bet no one has ever cried over