(Author's Note: Friends, thank you for your patience while I completed a contract that kept me from writing my true passion – LotRs fanfiction. That contracted work is now complete, and once more we descend into the depths…) Disclaimer: All original plots and original characters are the property of the author. The Lord of the Rings and all its characters and settings are the property of the estate of J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien Enterprises, and New Line Cinemas and their licensees. These works were produced with admiration and respect, as fan fiction for entertainment purposes only, not for sale or profit. Chapter One "Ahhhhh," the soldier murmured, leaning forward intently. "That is it, then." Aragorn raised an eyebrow and shifted against the fallen log he was sharing with Boromir, seeking a place where the rough, decaying bark did not dig into his back. He sucked on his pipe for a moment, then sent a lazy smoke ring into the air. "What is?" Boromir relaxed against his end of the log and stretched out his legs to cross his boots at the ankle, a satisfied smile on his face. Aragorn waited patiently, studying the terrain as the rest of the Company moved about them or rested, the breather the wizard was allowing them promising to be all too brief. With Legolas standing watch atop one of the nearby boulders, Aragorn had no fear that an enemy would make use of the stone-sewn landscape to waylay them … but a lifelong practice of watchfulness ruled him, now more than ever when he had the Ring-bearer's safety to consider. Gandalf stood by one of the great stones, scowling as the wind tugged at his hair and beard. There seemed to be little before him to deserve such a severe expression; few points of interest populated this empty land between Eregion and the distant mountains. Most trees, like the one against which Aragorn and Boromir reclined, were long dead and fallen. With a disgruntled mutter, the wizard turned from his examination of the bleak hills and called, "Hurry up there, my lads!" "Almost done, Gandalf!" Frodo called back. "The halflings' secret language," Boromir clarified at last. "I have finally deciphered it." Aragorn withdrew his pipe and examined the smoke from it as if he thought it might be adversely affecting the soldier. Pippin, for instance, would think it a fine joke to add certain herbs to his pipe-weed. That thought had occurred to him earlier in their march, prompting Aragorn to twist wires tightly around some of the little sacks in the medicinal kits Elrond had provided them. He would know if they had been tampered with. Finding nothing amiss with his pipe, he replied, "The hobbits speak Westron after the manner of Men. Just as we do." Boromir nodded. "They do. I refer to the secret language they speak amongst themselves." He chuckled as Aragorn's other eyebrow followed the first. Boromir gestured to where the hobbits were gathered at the edge of the murky lake which had earned them this respite. Pippin, Merry, and Frodo were lined up in a row, an arm's length apart, forming a hobbit-chain to fill the Company's water bottles. Sam stood on the bank, accepting each laden bottle from Pippin then passing back an empty, which Merry would then pass on to Frodo. Gimli stood at Sam's side, holding the pony's halter to keep the thirsty beast from the water until they were finished. Bill whinnied, bobbing his head. "Easy, easy," Gimli rumbled as the pony strained forward, nostrils distended. He might have dragged a hobbit to the water but Gimli stood immovable as a stone pillar. Bill gave up the effort with a snort and an unhappy wicker. Stroking the rough mane comfortingly, Gimli said, "It is fortunate we came upon this lake before our water is completely gone. What little we have left tastes flat and stale, and there is no sign of more for leagues." "I wish it was a mite clearer," Sam replied, reaching up Bill's side to unlash the Company's water barrel and lower it to the ground. "I don't like water I can't see the bottom to. And all these boulders … they look like Mr. Bilbo's trolls rooted up the ground and threw them in the water, trying to drown some poor soul, maybe. This place has an evil feel. Maybe we should just go on–" "Animals know, Samwise," Gandalf said, giving the pony a pat as he joined them. "Bill would not want to drink from a fouled water source. This lake was always muddy, but never so dark before. I do not understand what has happened. But it is still potable, and we must drink. The water is wholesome, if unpleasant." Sam looked dubiously at the water as he passed the barrel to Pippin, ignoring the tweenager's strangled "Ugh!" as Pippin accepted its weight. "If you say so, sir. But I'm straining it through cheesecloth before any of us drink." "That exchange seemed quite intelligible to me," Aragorn observed to Boromir. "I said, 'amongst themselves'," the soldier repeated. "Listen." "Just a little longer, Bill," the men heard Sam say as he loosened the pony's cinch. Bill heaved a great sigh. Sam's face softened and he reached forward to rub the pony's muzzle. Bill thrust his nose into his hand eagerly, looking for water. "You can have a drink in just half a tic. There's a good lad. How many more, master?" Frodo looked up, wet to his waist, water dripping from his sodden, shivering form. His shirt was plastered to him and the fine brown velvet of his breeches had darkened to black. He had taken off his cloak and jacket and waistcoat, and these now lay in a heap on the bank, along with his sword and swordbelt and pack. The others also had removed their packs and coats; Aragon had no doubt that once their task was done, there would be a dive for the packs and the frantic donning of dry clothes. "This is the last, Sam. Just the water barrel, then we can dry off and poor Bill can have his drink." With sudden trepidation, Aragorn realised the Ring-bearer had ventured farthest out into the lake, filling the bottles where the water was clearest and cleanest. He wondered if Frodo had placed himself at the end of the line because he was the tallest, or because he did not want to allow his cousins into the deeper water. Aragorn started to his feet but at that moment, Frodo straightened, holding aloft the last bottle. Shaking water from it, he stoppered it and passed it to Merry, accepting their wooden water barrel in its place. "Good!" Pippin chimed in, lifting a hairy foot free of the water and shaking it. Merry grimaced as some of the icy drops struck him. "I am freezing! And there aren't any fish in this pool. Or clams or mussels or anything to eat." The men saw Merry roll his eyes as he pivoted to pass the bottle to Pippin. "We are getting water , Pippin," Frodo replied patiently, struggling to position the barrel in the water so he could pull the cork. It came free and Frodo stowed it carefully in his pocket. "Odd there isn't any cattails," Sam remarked idly, "nor marsh-grass or water-weeds. There's almost always something growing at the edge of a pond." "Not even frogs," Pippin continued in aggrieved tones. "I could do with a nice score of frog legs, dipped in breadcrumbs and fried in butter–" "Mind your business," Merry said sharply as Pippin shifted from foot to foot. "The bottom is slippery. And your jumping about is clouding the water. Clouding it more," he added in a disgusted tone. "I am not 'jumping about,' thank you very much. It just happens to be so cold my feet are freezing, and–" "Lads! Please! "With a sigh, Frodo looked down at the agitated water swirling past him. Extending a foot carefully, he felt the mucky ground before him and moved deeper into the lake, dragging the water barrel after him. Boromir decided his theory was confirmed at Frodo's choice of words and tone and nodded in self-congratulation, earning himself an amused look from Aragorn. Frodo found a spot to his liking and bent again, pushing the water barrel under the water and leaning on it to keep it from bobbing to the surface. Bubbles rose up and burst in noisy 'blops' as the barrel filled. "Gandalf tells me they once had their own language," Aragorn commented, "that is now largely forgotten. This language shares many archaic words with Elvish, which is a special interest of Frodo's. But hobbits speak Westron now." Boromir nodded, grateful for the chance to rest. He had been gathering the water bottles himself when the Ring-bearer had stopped him. Frodo looked tired and in sore need of a rest himself, but he stood with his back straight, holding out his arms. "Thank you, Boromir," the hobbit had said, "but you brought in our supper last night, and did all the skinning and butchering. Let us do our share of the work." Surprised, Boromir handed over the water bottles. The bottles had filled Frodo's arms until only his eyes peeked above them. "Up, lads," Frodo had said in a commanding (and somewhat muffled) voice. The others had dragged themselves to their feet and obeyed, initiating the soldier's contemplation of hobbit-hierarchies. As Boromir settled himself against the log and the hobbits waded into the lake, he mused that while he usually did not feel the weight of the chain-mail he wore, he was learning that endless hours of riding a horse were quite different from endless hours of walking on one's own two legs. Of all of them, Boromir thought, only the dwarf walked heavier-burdened; helmet and chain-mail and axes. But Gimli never seemed to tire. "Have you not noticed?" Boromir asked, realising his late reply had caused the Ranger to examine his pipe again. "When Frodo wants his younger cousins' cooperation, he refers to them as 'lads.' Master Samwise is an adult, I understand, and Meriadoc also, and Pippin is not a child. But Frodo puts them quite firmly in their place by addressing them so." Aragorn puffed, intrigued by this train of thought. "But it is also a term of affection. Of reassurance. I cannot count the number of times I have heard Frodo or Merry call the youngest one 'Pippin-lad'." "Think on it," Boromir urged. "When Frodo wants obedience from his kin, he calls them 'Meriadoc' and 'Peregrin.' Not that his use of their formal names seems to be terribly effective, but I believe he does signal thusly to them that he is serious." "And Samwise?" Aragorn asked, amused by this speculation. Pippin paused in his work, drawing their attention to him. The men fell silent, watching. Legolas turned and looked at them, then resumed his scrutiny of the landscape. The youngest hobbit's gaze was riveted on the water, his body tense. The other hobbits froze also, their eyes on him. Frodo looked curious, Merry annoyed. When Pippin did not move, Merry began, "Pippin? What–?" Pippin shook his head minimally, not looking up. Merry fell silent, frowning. Pippin visibly gathered himself. Then he darted forward, quick hands snatching up something long and dark undulating just under the surface. "Got you!" Pippin's triumphant expression faded as he held up a thick, slime-covered stick. "Looks delicious," Merry remarked. "Shall we fillet and fry it, or salt it and eat it later?" Pippin looked mournfully at the stick then cast it back into the water, wiping his hand on his shirt and leaving a muddy smear. "I thought I saw something moving… If that had been a fish, cousin, it wouldn't have been enough for two. Go catch your own fish." "Not too keen on eating anything out of that ," Merry muttered, eying the brown water distastefully. "Back to work, lads," Frodo admonished them.