(Author's Note: This short story was written as part of a New Year's mathom story exchange. Red Autumn requested a "happy hobbits" pre-Quest story with Frodo and Merry and Pippin. She almost received what she requested… My thanks to Marigold for the beta.) Disclaimer: The Lord of the Rings and all its characters and settings are the property of the estate of J.R.R. Tolkien. These works were produced with admiration and respect, as fan fiction for entertainment purposes only, not for sale or profit. Peregrins and Pendulums "It's awfully quiet in here," observed Meriadoc Brandybuck thoughtfully, watching the dust dance in the sunbeams streaming in through the study window of Bag End. Frodo looked up from the book he was reading, keeping his place with an ink-stained forefinger. A look of apprehension crossed his fine-boned face and the big blue eyes, made even larger by the contraction of his pupils in the bright afternoon sun, darted about the peaceful corners of his study. Bees buzzed lazily outside the open window, weighted down with pollen, and a gentle breeze drifted in and stirred the dust on Bilbo's desk. Sitting at the desk and writing a letter to Tuckborough, Merry sneezed. He sniffed and flicked off a small family of dust bunnies that were breeding on the blotter and watched them drift down a sunbeam to the floor. In the month since Frodo and Cousin Bilbo's Birthday Party and the old hobbit's departure, Frodo's housekeeping had deteriorated noticeably. Merry wasn't one to criticize another's tidiness, usually, but he had noticed the increasing clutter of books and accumulation of dust and it had struck him as the first warning sign. Frodo jumped at the sneeze. "Hush, Merry!" he hissed. Frodo glanced over his shoulder worriedly and both of them froze into immobility, their eyes wide, listening. When the silence continued uninterrupted the hobbits relaxed, heaving stifled sighs of relief. Ever since he had assisted Frodo in the disposition of Bilbo's little gifts and jokes, Merry had worried about his sensitive cousin. Frodo possessed a melancholy streak and Merry knew that were he left alone, Frodo would sink into depression, thinking himself deserted by the most important person in his life. Frodo had known how the Road called to his uncle, knew how much Bilbo had desired to travel one last time, but all the reasons in the world did not lessen the pain of being left behind. Therefore Merry had a quiet word with his parents, and with Saradoc and Esmeralda's permission, had arrived at the round door of Bag End one afternoon a fortnight after the party and moved in on his cousin with the intention of camping there indefinitely. Or at least until he was certain that Frodo would be all right. Frodo had been surprised but accepting, gladder than he realized at the company. Aided and abetted by Samwise Gamgee, Merry had kept a steady parade of Frodo's friends tromping through Bag End, keeping Frodo too busy to mourn Bilbo's absence. Merry wouldn't have worried quite so much if Gandalf had stayed longer. But the old wizard had departed the same night as the Party, off on some inexplicable errand of his own, abandoning Frodo just as Bilbo had. That night when Merry had come up the Hill, intent on tracking down both of his elder cousins, he had seen Frodo standing in the doorway of Bag End, staring out into the night. He had looked so lost and forlorn that Merry's loving heart almost broke. Even at nineteen, not yet a tweenager, Merry had decided that taking care of Frodo was his responsibility. He loved and respected his elder cousin but privately, he thought that Frodo had received too much of the Baggins dreaminess and not enough Brandybuck practicality. So Merry made sure that Frodo slept, ate, and dragged him out of Bag End for a sniff of fresh air at intervals. But it hadn't been enough. Even with all the love and care he and Sam could lavish on Frodo, over the past two weeks his cousin had been growing quieter and thinner. Desperate measures were called for. So Merry had sent off a letter and yesterday afternoon, Frodo had innocently opened the door to greet the elder Chubb lass with the laundry and instead been knocked down by a small hurtling missile that sat on his chest, hugging him and crowing excitedly all the while. Merry had pried Peregrin off Frodo and been subjected to a hug that had almost strangled him and a constant stream of questions, including, "Am I really to stay with you and Cousin Frodo, Merry? May I stay up late at night? Will you take me on walking parties? When is supper? May I have some biscuits now, please? I didn't have any tea, you know. Da wouldn't stop at an inn. Frodo, I'm starving !" The last was delivered in a rising wail, with all the sincerity that a deprived eleven-year old hobbit-child could put into it. "Huh - Hullo – Hullo, Pal," Frodo managed, struggling to sit up. "Hullo, Pippin." He rubbed his midsection and stifled a cough. "Coming for a visit, are you?" Paladin II, the Thain of the Shire, extended a hand and pulled Frodo to his feet and into his embrace while his son and heir danced around them and chattered with exuberance. Frodo tried to brush off his clothes while Merry went out to the road and unlashed Pippin's pack from Paladin's pony. Paladin thanked him with a squeeze on the arm then turned back to their kin. "Frodo, are you sure you want to do this? My lad's a handful, as you well know. And ever since Merry's letter arrived saying you'd like him to come for a visit, he's driven us near to distraction." Merry had to admire his cousin; Frodo recovered beautifully. "I'd like -? I'd – um," there was a brief silence. "Not at all, Pal. I'm sure – Pippin, don't pull on my waistcoat, please – that we shall – if you're that hungry, lad, you know where the larder is – get along beautifully." Pippin's eyes lit up and he was gone in a flurry of furry little feet. Merry bit his lip and stared after him anxiously – an unsupervised Pippin was a worrisome thing but he was unwilling to chase after Pip until his father left. Paladin laughed, those green-gold eyes that he had bequeathed to his son sparkling. "I must say your invitation was perfectly timed, Frodo. My lady and I have been wanting some time to ourselves. We've shipped the lasses off to visit Merry's parents at Brandy Hall, but after the … er… little incident the last time Pippin visited … well … I think Esmie would prefer that Pippin amuse himself elsewhere for a few months. As Merry is here with you, it's the perfect solution." Seeing Frodo's dark brows rise, Merry hastened to contribute to the conversation. "Oh, it was nothing really, Uncle. After Mum got the mess cleaned up and the repairs made, she hardly thought about it." "Won't you stay the night, or at least come in and have a bite, Pal?" Frodo asked. "Sam can run your pony down to the stable." As if on cue, Sam appeared and greeted the Thain with a short bow. Paladin shook his bronze head. "Thank you, Cousin, but I've plans to enjoy an ale at The Ivy Bush and ride toward home – as far as old Toby Bunce's place. He'll put me up tonight, and I'll be that much closer to home in the morning. Home without a child in sight… peace and quiet." The Thain smiled and his gaze went wistful. "I mean to take advantage of every minute of it." He turned back to the patiently waiting pony and swung himself up in a smooth, practiced motion. "Merry, my regards to your parents when you see them. Tell Esmie I'll reimburse her for the damages. Frodo … good luck to you, lad." The Thain shook his head at them. "You're going to need it." Crash!! came from the direction of Bag End's kitchen. "Well, must be off," said Paladin hastily. "Sun sets early in October. Frodo, one word of caution … keep him away from sweets, if you can. They tend to make him a bit too energetic." Without pausing for breath, the Thain rushed on. "Merry, you're used to caring for the lad. Frodo is going to need your help, yes? Good lad!" With that the Thain waved hurriedly and put his heels to the pony, urging it into a trot down the Hill. After a moment of contemplative silence, Frodo turned to face Merry. Sam stiffened and looked between the cousins anxiously. "I'd best see what that noise was, sir," he said to Frodo. "The little lad might've hurt himself." His eyes still on Merry, Frodo nodded absently. "That's all right, Sam. Leave planting the rest of the bulbs for tomorrow, please. Would you be kind enough to run down to the market and pick up a few things? We need some fresh bread, eggs … um … milk, porridge, mushrooms…" "Sausage rolls, bacon, cheese, pickled onions, tomatoes, crumpets and a bottle of port," added Merry, never one to miss an opportunity. "The port is for us, Frodo. Thank you, Sam. That should get us through tomorrow morning, until I can do some real stocking up." "No trouble at all, sirs," Sam assured them. "I'll just get me cloak and be back in a shake. But don't you want me 'ta check on Master Pippin first?" Frodo took a step forward and looped his arm through Merry's with deceptive casualness. "No, that's all right, Sam. Merry and I will take care of it. We have a few things to discuss." Merry gulped and followed the gentle but inexorable grip on his arm. * * * * * That had been yesterday. After listening to a long discourse consisting of "Merry, as much as I truly appreciate your company, I am perfectly capable of caring for myself," and "May I remind you, I am of age," Merry had nodded and agreed and never wavered in his resolve to look after his older cousin. Believing his point made, Frodo had finally wound down. The two had then found and solemnly regarded the broken biscuit jar, the many pieces piled carefully into a little heap on the floor. Then they followed the trail of crumbs that started in the pantry, wove through the kitchen, into the second best parlor, the study, two of the cellars, several bedrooms, and finally returned them to the little miscreant's starting point. Pippin looked up from his inventory of the pantry shelves, his mouth full and face and hands covered with an amalgamation of biscuit crumbs, jam, bread and butter and the last piece of blackberry pie. The small mouth split into a wide (and sticky) grin and the child launched himself into Merry's arms. Pippin then proceeded to kiss both his cousins soundly, which necessitated wash-ups for all of them. The child's little snack did not seem to affect his appetite for supper. They relaxed in the parlor afterward, watching the fire snap and crackle while Frodo and Merry took turns spinning tales for the lad. Pippin curled contentedly in Frodo's lap, yawning, as they filled up the corners with nuts and savories, Merry and Frodo sipping their glasses of port. The next crisis had not arisen until bedtime. The two tucked Pippin in, gave him a song and a last story and a good-night kiss, and then discovered that Pippin's beloved stuffed bear was not in his pack. The bear had been a gift from Bilbo when Peregrin was just a baby, and Pippin declared he could not go to sleep without it. "What are we going to do, Frodo?" hissed Merry from the foot of Pippin's bed. "You know how he is about