So... apparently I'm a little bit addicted to writing HG fic. No complaints here. I'm really enjoying exploring this brave new world. Please let me know if I'm hitting the mark or not! There is some *ahem* grown up content in this chapter, but I've been as tasteful as possible when writing it (because sometimes smut can just be icky, and I'm not keen on writing that at all). At this stage, I don't make explicit reference to my head canon regarding how Effie became an Escort, but I may in the future... If you're interested, check out Casting Lots on my profile. I got gold polish for my Christmas pedicure out of solidarity with District 12 and I've perfected my 74th Reaping manicure... do you think I own the Hunger Games? Haymitch was slowly working himself into a drunken stupor. Just when he'd believed that Snow could stoop no lower and value human life less, he'd gone ahead and announced the twist in the Third Quarter Quell. He stood a fifty/fifty chance of returning to the arena and Katniss was likely doomed to her death. He'd made so many promises… He'd sworn to Katniss that he wouldn't let Peeta die. Haymitch liked the baker's kid. He was a genuinely good example of humanity and the promise he'd managed to extract from Haymitch a second time for Katniss's safety weighed heavily on his mind. He was most concerned about the promises he'd made to Plutarch about protecting the Mockingjay. Heavensbee was insistent that Katniss was the linchpin of the entire revolution… the District kid who flipped the bird to the big, bad Capitol. All Haymitch had to do was deliver her in one piece. He scrubbed a hand over his face. He wanted to throw something, but he'd already wasted a bottle of his strictly rationed and highly contraband white liquor. He wouldn't be making that mistake again. There was a knock at the door. It was well and truly after nightfall. Thread's curfew was still firmly in place, so a knock at the door so close to midnight could hardly be a neighbour popping by for a spot of tea. The well-worn handle of his knife in his palm was a familiar companion and it filled him with a quiet confidence as he slunk towards the door, his bare feet almost silent against the hardwood floor. "Effie?" he grunted when he swung the door open. "What the fuck are you doing here?" She could only stare at him, blue eyes wide; the proverbial deer in the headlights. "I don't know what came over me," she gasped. "I should leave." He managed to snag her arm before she stepped off the balcony of his house, the drunken haze he was in making it difficult for him to process exactly why District Twelve's Escort was on his doorstep, noticeably devoid of the Capitol fripperies she usually adorned herself in. "Are you fucking crazy?" He demanded, dragging her into the house. "Peacekeepers are shooting down anything and anyone that moves after dark. Your address in the Capitol's chicest location won't count for shit with them." He expected her to hiss at him about manners as he hustled her though the house. She didn't say a word about the broken glass on the floor near his television, nor did she mention the empty bottles that served as the only decoration in the house. The only reaction he got from her was a slight wrinkle of her nose at the lingering smell of vomit in the air. He slumped down on the couch, removing the cork from a half drunk bottle with his teeth. "Talk, Princess," he demanded. "What the hell are you doing here?" She gave a strangled little sigh. "I saw the Quarter Quell announcement," she murmured. "I have no idea what came over me. But once the shock subsided and I could think beyond the utter unfairness of it all, one thing remained clear to me. I needed to be here." She hesitated for a moment, but gathered her courage and reached for his hand. "I am so sorry, Haymitch," she murmured. He took a long swig of his drink, but didn't shrug her hand away. "There's only one person responsible for this, and it's not you, Sweetheart," he rumbled. A strange sense of warmth thrilled through Effie's chest at the use of his endearment, noticeably devoid of his usual malice. "I'm the one who chooses who lives and dies," she tugged her hair free of the sloppy bun she'd twisted it into on the train. "This is wrong, and I'm sorry. I'm sorry that they've taken your control over your life away, again and I'm sorry for the part I'm going to play in it." The pain in Haymitch's eyes was agonising and Effie had to look away. "We didn't have a Mentor," Haymitch recalled, swirling the liquor in the bottom of his glass. "The year of my Games, it was just the four of us and we had no idea what the fuck to do," he smirked, staring at a shard of glass wedged in the floor across the room. "The last piece of advice my Pa gave me was to 'stay alive.'" He shrugged. "My old man was a hard ass bastard, but he was my father and he did what he could to provide for us. I don't think I've ever seen him look so petrified as he did when he said goodbye to me." His fingers tightened around her hand as he cleared his throat after draining the bottle. "Our Escort was a right old bitch," he recalled. "She wasn't anything like you." "Like me?" Effie asked. "Stop pretending," he grumbled. "You know the kids are starving so you make sure they get extra servings of dessert and shoes on their feet for the first time in their lives. You care, Trinket. You care more than you should." It felt like his gaze was piercing into her soul. "How can I not?" she asked. "I come to town, like the Angel of Death and swoop in for more prey each year. The least I can do is make sure the poor things are comfortable before they get torn apart." "I've spent the last twenty-five years cursing those damn Games," Haymitch groaned. "I've let forty eight children march to their death because I was so fucking consumed by my own pain that I couldn't help them." He paused and placed the bottle on the floor. "I really tried, the first few years. Told them anything and everything I could think of. But no matter what I did, my Tributes ended up dead. So what was the difference? I could throw my heart and soul into helping them and fail, or I could just embrace the probability of their imminent death," his mirthless chuckle crackled harshly in the silent room. "I thought managing to get two of them out alive was my act of penance for my negligence. Maybe it's this instead." "Haymitch, it might not even be you that goes into the Games," Effie pointed out hesitantly. "If I'm not in the Arena, I'm going to get to watch the kids get destroyed instead. They're the closest thing I have to family and I'll get to watch them die," he confessed, his voice barely discernable, he spoke so softly. "You're wrong," Effie whispered. She twisted her body so that she was facing him on the couch. "You have me." She cleared her throat. "I know you don't like me very much because of what the Capitol forces me to do, but if you wanted, I could be your family too." Effie had expected him to scorn her. As soon as the words had left her mouth, she'd steeled herself for Haymitch to attack her with alcohol-fuelled barbs. She'd been so ready for his vitriol, that she'd been completely shocked when he kissed her instead. His lips slammed against hers in a desperate search for some kind of connection to another human. The taste of liquor was heavy on his breath, but under the overwhelming taste of District Twelve's unique brew, Effie could taste his loneliness. She finally realised how harshly he'd been punishing himself with his self-imposed isolation and with the realisation that it was her that he'd chosen to break free from the prison of his own building with, she silenced the part of her brain that dealt with consequences and schedules and propriety and abandoned herself to the heat of the moment. His kisses were relentless, his stubble burning the soft skin of her throat as his lips marked her skin. Her fingers fumbled for the buttons of his shirt, seeking the warmth of his skin against hers as she straddled his waist. She traced the scars that adorned his abdomen, her hips rolling against his. He pulled away from her skin long enough to pull off the dress she was wearing, tossing it across the room. "You really do look much better without all that crap smeared all over you, Sweetheart," he sighed, his roughened hands tracing her slim waist. "I can actually see your face," he added, lips pressing against the curve of her jaw as he struggled with the clasp of her bra. Effie batted his hands away, unclasping the garment and tossing it away. "If you promise to be very nice to me, I might let you see me like this more often," she teased as she pushed the open shirt off his shoulders, the lightness in her tone belying the solemnity of the reason for her visit. "I can be very nice," Haymitch agreed, flipping them so that Effie lay sprawled on the couch, her legs hooked around his hips. "Really?" she asked, smiling at him with kiss-swollen lips, her golden hair spread out over the pillow of the couch like a halo. "Prove it." He leaned down to kiss her again. The urgency left his movements, no longer fuelled by the desperation to be close to another person. Now he touched her as if she were special, a priceless vase that would shatter at the slightest caress. She reached for his belt buckle, nimble fingers making quick work of undoing the leather. His hand on her wrist stilled her movements. "Are you sure, Princess?" He asked her, searching her face for any sign of hesitation as his thumb brushed against the waistband of her lace panties She gave him a shy smile as she lifted her hips. "I've never been more certain," she promised, reaching up to cup his cheek with her palm. Her skin was tingling like a livewire when she felt his thumbs hook around her panties. His roughened fingertips tracing down her legs sent thrills shooting through her body, and a tiny sigh escaped her lips. She didn't know what she'd been expecting when she'd gotten on the train to District Twelve, but lying naked on Haymitch's liquor stained couch was somewhere near "the Games being cancelled" and "new found sobriety on Haymitch's behalf" on her list of theoretical outcomes. There it was again. That gentle, delicate way he touched her. The caress that was so in opposition to everything that she knew of Haymitch Abernathy. "I'm not made of glass," she whispered. He kissed her hungrily, nipping at her lower lip as he positioned himself at her entrance. She grazed her teeth against his earlobe. "Manners, Haymitch," she growled, her voice low and wanton. "It's rude to tease." A chuckle rumbled through his chest, "Predictable as always, Trinket," he responded, his voice raspy. Her sure to be witty response was cut off with a gasp of pleasure when he finally, finally entered her. She brushed her lips against a scar that lined his collarbone, a moan of delight escaping her when he began to move. She'd had a tiny moment of panic, terrified that the whole experience would be horrifically awkward and unsatisfying and then