Author's note: Thanks for letting me write this nugget - it was stuck in my head as soon as I finished Life and Death: Twilight Reimagined and I knew I had to jot it out. Just a light piece as a companion to the book - Charlie deserved some closure. Please enjoy! I do not own Twilight/Life and Death nor claim to be Stephanie Meyer. Rain pelted the windows of the Forks Police station creating a cacophony that echoed inside the nearly empty room. Peals of thunder shook the panels of the roof and lighting made shadows dance across the inner walls, but the display was lost on Charlie Swan. He sat at his desk like he did fifty hours plus every week, but he was not working mindfully like he usually did. Instead, he was staring at the papers that were scattered across his desk, papers that had sat there the entire week through. He couldn't bring himself to look through them but didn't have the strength yet to push them out of sight either. The papers were all different sorts, some from newspapers, others were school files, but the one that sat on top of the pile depicted simple but elegant font reminding him of the horrors that were to come in just a few short hours. For these very different papers all centered around the same horrible fact: Beaufort, his son and only child, was dead and nothing in the world could change that. For not the first time that day a lump swelled up in his throat and a deep sob ripped through him. His few colleagues that came in this morning under the pretext of finishing up work did their best to ignore their chief's unusual display of emotion but the total silence in which they worked only highlighted the occasion. No one had seen Charlie Swan so inconsolable before, not even those who knew him when his ex wife had left several years ago - then he had somehow held it together in the public eye at least. But then, nothing could quite shatter a man like the loss of a child who had barely begun his life. Especially when that man was convinced his child left this world wishing he had never known him. For what else could Charlie think as he mulled over his last conversation with said son? A conversation in which Beau had declared in no uncertain words that he hated the town Charlie lived in and wished he had never come to live with him. Sure, part of that was speaking out of heartache, but Charlie knew his son well enough to know that Beau did not embellish - those had been his true feelings, feelings Charlie had always suspected though Beau had never voiced them. He had been trying to survive in Forks despite hating it there because he wanted to do the right thing by both his parents. And finally that hate had proved too much and he fled in the night, in a beat up old truck that his father had bought him, and died. Charlie wished he had never bought him the stupid truck; he knew it was a piece of junk, but he never thought it would play a role in taking his son away from him forever. Or maybe if he had tried harder to change Beau's mind about leaving in the first place, he never would have been on the road all night and been in that accident; it was unclear exactly what happened caused the crash, but Charlie had no doubt that exhaustion had played a role in it. Or maybe still this could have all been avoided if Charlie had been a better father to Beau growing up, had showed his son that he could be there for him; maybe if Beau thought he could rely on his father more he wouldn't have felt the need to run back to his old home and his old life when dealing with a crisis. In so many ways, Charlie felt he had failed Beau and directly caused this outcome. And it broke him. And now today he was expected to watch them bury the remains of the son he had let down in front of the whole town, beside his own long gone parents. The whole notion seemed ridiculous. And heartbreaking. And so beyond anything he could handle. What he wanted was to escape this entire nightmare, to wake up in a world were his son - who looked so much like him that he felt like he was looking in a mirror sometimes - was teasing him for his love of fishing or scolding him for leaving his work shoes in the middle of the living room again. When Beau had asked him to come stay in Forks for a while Charlie had been pleasantly surprised but also nervous. He didn't know how he would balance the patterns of his own life with taking care of his long neglected son. But his fears had been groundless. Beau was self sufficient - actually, more than that, he had taken it upon himself to care after Charlie too, feeding him and making sure he picked up after himself. Living with Beau had been so easy he had forgotten what it felt like to come home to an empty house. But all at once and far too suddenly, that was his reality again. Charlie blinked back a fresh veil of tears and willed himself strength from a source he had long since stopped believing in, even before it took his son. He just wanted to make it through the day, make it through for the grieving wife of his child, and then quietly collapse upon himself at home with a too stocked fridge of beer. Charlie was too deeply enthralled in his own misery to hear the door of the station creek open, though every other head immediately raised and stared in rapt attention. A small face with golden auburn hair plastered to it from the rain peeked in. Her face was hauntingly beautiful though there was something obviously solemn in her expression. Hesitantly, Edythe Cullen pressed into the room, passing through the rows of desks and ignoring the heads that turned to follow her progress until she found her way to the Chief's. He looked up fractionally when her lithe footsteps ended abruptly in front of his desk, doing a double take when he realized who she was. He had met Edythe Cullen only twice, once when Beau introduced her as his girlfriend and the second time at the identification of his remains. Both times he found her uncomfortably beautiful, like those models in the adds, but there was also something about her he could only find... Off. She was polite, too polite actually, and held herself with such grace and poise, traits you didn't see in teenagers. But there was also something unsettling about her, something he couldn't put his finger on. As he looked at her now, though, he all but forgot that she made him nervous. In her large ocher eyes trained downwards, he saw a deep sadness that made him ache to put his arms around her and share his own heartache. He knew his pain was different than that of a girl who lost a boy she had just started dating, but somehow he knew she suffered just as much with this loss. She held what looked like a letter in her hands and couldn't seem to pull her eyes away from the papers strewn across the desk, eyeing Beau's school picture with such a forlorn expression Charlie finally found the strength to close the file. As it flipped close she finally lifted her face to meet his eyes. She looked paler than he remembered, her hair flattened by the rain, making her look drawn while the dark spots under her eyes implied nights as sleepless as his own. Charlie cleared his throat, unable to help but me overwhelmed with emotion, confronted by her youth, knowing she would have a future that Beau would never get a chance at. She would grow up, graduate, love someone else and then would she even remember the boy her family played baseball with? Edythe shifted uncomfortably, as if knowing she was being studied. The way she held herself told him she was fighting the urge to run away from this place. Did it make her think of Beau? Did she see him everywhere, too, picture his face reacting to some trivial thing or else abruptly turning red when faced with embarrassment? He couldn't help but to think so; his son always thought of himself as average from his toes to the crown of his head, but Charlie knew better and he liked to think Edythe saw that special something too and fell for him because of it. She would remember Beau, Charlie decided suddenly, unable to forget the look on her face as she stared at Beau's picture; after all, he hadn't forgotten Renee in all these years even if hurting over her had considerably faded in the background as the years went by. Charlie beckoned Edythe to the chair beside his desk, wordlessly asking her to sit, which she did gracefully. When she did not immediately explain her presence Charlie took to fill the growing silence, aware of their audience a few desks down. "Edythe. What can I do for you?" She didn't speak right away, as if looking for the right words. "Charlie... I wanted to tell you in person that I won't be there today." They both knew what she was talking about. For his part, Charlie was not surprised; if not for his obligations as Beau's father, he wouldn't have stepped foot in the cemetery either. Everyone said funerals were for saying goodbyes but Charlie knew he would not find solace in Reverend Webber's eulogy if for no other reason than it would be impersonal. This town did not know Beau, didn't know how to mourn him properly after meeting him only months prior. Charlie barely knew how to mourn his son properly, but knew at least that this was not how he would have wanted it. Charlie would go through the motions, though, shake the hands and take their condolences, but it was for everyone else's sake. Charlie nodded his head in a motion so quick it might have been missed, but Edythe saw it, letting her shoulders drop as if a great weight had fallen away. She lifted the letter she held slowly, placing it on the desk over the now closed file. He lifted it curiously, wondering if it was her eulogy and praying it wasn't - if there was one thing Charlie Swan was not going to do, it was read to a crowd of his neighbors his son's girlfriend's teary goodbye, no matter how pretty she was. Edythe smiled a tiny bit, just one corner of her mouth raising up. But the expression quickly disappeared. "This was in my mailbox," she explained. "I've read it already but thought you should too. It's from Beau." Charlie looked up as she choked out his name, then quickly dropped his eyes back to the letter in front of him. Curiosity was the first thing he felt, followed then by a resonating sadness mingled with unease. He could remember all too well Beau's last words to him; what could he have said to the girl he had just broken up with? When Beau had come home that night so clearly on edge and admitted he had just broken up with this beautiful girl, Charlie thought he was out of his mind. What was going on through his head? He felt like this letter might tell him, but at the same time knew it was not for his eyes. Charlie started to push the letter back to its intended, but Edythe put her hand over his, stopping