Author's note: This work will be a series of drabbles, mostly out of order I suspect. I'll try to set a time line to follow at some point, but these will so far all take place in the days after Beau is changed. Be sure to read "Life After Death" as well - these drabbles with been the same vein! R/R is you like! Day Four of Forever: Night was well underway in the rainy town of Forks, with only one home on the outskirts of town still glowing against the dark backdrop. The residents of the home passed through the sleepless night as they always had for the last few decades - finding solace in each other's company and various preoccupations. Just past two am, Beau, the newest addition to the Cullen household, found himself in the garage watching as his brother Royal restored his newest pet project, an inconspicuous Civic. It wasn't the most exciting project, something Royal sighed over continuously, but it gave them something to do together as the car was intended to be Beau's welcome to the family gift. When Archie had first proposed the idea to rebuild Beau a vehicle, he had thought it too large of a present - on top of being unnecessary; with only a few days under his belt as a vampire, Beau really wasn't planning on going anywhere any time soon. But Archie has insisted, saying that getting your first Cullen-mobile was a right of passage. Surprisingly, it had been Royal who had convinced him to go along with it. Beau didn't know if Royal was doing this simply out of his own desire to fix up a new car - apparently he was the resident mechanic and autophile - or because he actually wanted to welcome Beau into the fold of brotherhood. But either way, having Royal want to something for him had been such an unusual moment in their relationship that Beau felt he could not turn it down. And so Beau found himself sitting in the family's detached garage every few hours or so across the past few days, either getting lectured about the parts Royal was putting in for him or acting as a jack when needed. In this session, the blonde was attempting to fill Beau's head with the engine specs of the vehicle, perhaps in an effort to get him more warmed towards the prospect of having his own car again, but most of the conversation went well over his head, even with his new enhanced brain. All he really needed to know it that it would drive better than his truck ever had, which was not a hard need to fill. Royal expelled loudly as Beau shrugged off what he took to be another important aspect of the Civic that he hadn't fully comprehended. "Really, Beau? You don't think it's impressive that I managed to fit such a power engine into this car? Two days ago this was basically scrap medal and now it's drag racing worthy!" Beau startled. "Why would I be drag racing it?" "You wouldn't be," his brother replied impatiently. "Because I would kill you after all the work I've done. But the point still remains that you could." "Oh. Well that's cool then." Royal muttered something too quick even for vampire ears, but Beau assumed it was something about him being ungrateful and he immediately felt guilty. "Sorry, Royal. I really am excited to see the finished project, honest, but I've never been a car guy. I was raised by a scatterbrained single mom, remember?" He explained weakly. "There were some things I just never picked up on. I couldn't even change a tire until a year ago when necessity kinda dictated I figure it out or stay stranded three hours from home." If Beau's admission placated Royal, he gave no acknowledgement of it except to peek his perfect face out from under the hood of the car at him for a second before returning to work. They - meaning really just Royal - worked in companionable silence for the better part of the next hour, stopping only when the sound of the returning hunting party distracted them out of the project. Royal picked up a rag from the ground and began to wipe his hands, his eyebrow raised expectantly. "To be continued. Now go intercept Edythe before my highly opinionated sister decides to march in here and try to direct my work. Again." The threat in his words was evident. But of course by the time he said her name Beau was already half way back into the house, eager to welcome her back from her hunting trip with Archie and Jessamine. Since finding him in Phoenix he could count on one hand the number of hours they had spent apart, but it was still far too many for either of them to be comfortable with. Part of it being that Beau as a newborn had to be constantly watched, naturally, but the larger part of it was that they simply could not bare to be away from each other for too long. Beau had worried first about the codependency but Archie had eased his mind by explaining that vampires bond largely for life and that separation in the beginning of that process was extremely difficult for every pairing. While usually solitary creatures, Beau had learned, once mated, vampires were pretty much glued to the hip. It was why nomadic vampires usually traveled in mated pairs or mated pairs with one unmated being, apparently, like Joss's coven. Groups as large as theirs were largely unheard of, save for the Denali coven or the Volturi of Italy, though even in the case of the second group all but the main three were usually transitory. Jessamine said it had to do with with physiology - those with the normal diet were instinctually closer to small grouped animals like bears, and so aggression often grew when the groups became too big. A pack can have only one head and squabbles were likely to break out as individuals sought out power. It was a lesson in dominance, she had explain to Beau, and too many leaders created chaos in the ranks. The reason why the Cullens were the exception to the rule seemed to be that their animal diet allowed them a higher level of function, something more similar to humans. They were able to acquiesce largely to Carine's leadership - though occasionally butting heads on some key issues like Beau had seen when planning his escape to Arizona - without much fanfare. It was also because they trusted her to make the important choices and do what was best for the family, so a coup was not likely in their future, Jessamine had stated with a dry laugh. Two figures were in view suddenly on the other ride of the river. Archie and Jessamine, hold hands as they leapt over the bend lightly. Beau frowned as his eyes searched for Edythe's lovely face and shock of bronze hair; she was the fastest and always beat the others home, not wanting to spend anymore time away from Beau than necessary. Archie looked up at him then, tilting his head back, indicating that she was right behind them. He was probably telling Beau to be patient from the slight smirk on his face. She appeared then, so suddenly and with such speed that she easily overtook her siblings, beating them to the back entrance of the house. Beau went to wrap his arms around her but was blocked by the box she held to her body. He was shocked to notice it smelled somewhat like him, almost like a watered down version. He understood her delay at once; she must have stopped by Charlie's house to pick up some of his things. This wasn't very surprising as Archie had done something similar earlier in the same day, finding an old ring of Beau's grandmothers that was essential to a proposal the two had been working out, unbeknownst to Edythe herself. Archie had asked Beau if he had any other items that Charlie wouldn't notice were missing that he had wanted him to snag but Beau had turned him down, knowing there wouldn't be a lot of things he had needed now that the Cullens provided for him. Besides, Archie had seen that Charlie and Renee would be packing up his things after the funeral in a few days and would bring Edythe a box of his old books anyway, which were the only things Beau would have thought to ask for. Edythe held out the box to him with a tiny smile on her pink lips. He looked at her curiously as he took it. It was light, even by human standards, making Beau think it was most likely clothes. She lead the way upstairs at inhuman speed with him quick on her heels, following her into her room - their room now. It was still hard for Beau to think of it that way, still hard to believe a lot of it, actually. Just a few weeks ago this had all seemed beyond an impossibility so accepting the fact that he was living with the woman he loved and was planning to ask for her hand was difficult to comprehend most of the time. He kept expecting to wake up and realize this had all been a delusion from Joss's venom. But until that happened he was over the moon to enjoy this bliss while it lasted. They crossed the threshold of the shared room together, Beau closing the door behind him more out of habit than actually wanting privacy. Edythe folded herself neatly onto the couch, the only real piece of furniture in the room besides her immense CD shelf that took up most of the wall opposite the window. Looking around the room you saw a lot of Edythe's personality, but very little of Beau's; the only hint that he now called this room his own was his half of clothing lined up in the joint closet. Eleanor had promised to bring one of Carine's bookshelves in here for when Charlie dropped off his old books though. Beau was actually looking forward to seeing a piece of himself reflected in the space other than the impersonal high-end clothes Archie and Earnest had donated to him. Maybe that would make this feel more real. Archie had offered to clear out a room for Beau across from Edythe's, but he hadn't seen the point since he had no real possessions and spent most of his time with Edythe anyway. His new adoptive siblings liked to poke fun at him for having moved in with his girlfriend (the phrase was the best equivalent to their situation now, he supposed) but he did his best to take it in stride. At least he could no longer flush with embarrassment, something he was immensely grateful for. Edythe was less amused by their comments and nearly tackled Eleanor through the glass wall after a comment about them "living in sin". The others learned to toe the line with the smallest Cullen after that. Beau wasn't sure if it was out of embarrassment or just being uncomfortable with sharing her space that prompted Edythe's ire and he had been too much of a coward to ask. Edythe hadn't seemed to mind that when Earnest asked where he could store Beau's makeshift ensemble Archie had lead him to her room nor had she encouraged Beau to take Archie up on his original offer for his own quarters, but it could have just been her being polite. On one hand, she really seemed to enjoy having Beau here all the time now and they did spend as much of their free time together as possible. But maybe this was because she was still feeling guilty for everything he had gone through the past few days, up to and