A/N: Hey hey everyone :) I got a few requests for a sequel to The Gossip Games, so here it is! This fic will be a little shorter and I might not be able to update as quickly because I have uni now, but I'll do my best to update as quickly as possible. This is just a happy chapter to set up the story before the real action begins, and I really hope you like it! Please let me know what you think :) Finnick's POV So far, the summer had been hell. It was pathetic, I knew that, but not being able to see Annie for almost the whole summer had been driving me mad. I couldn't think straight half the time, and all I could do was spend all day in bed. Mags attempted to get me to leave my room, even letting me win a few games of Scrabble just because she felt bad for me, but it only distracted me for a little while. Katniss and Peeta had done their best to spend time with me too, but seeing them together only made me more depressed that Annie was so far away. Finally the last week of the summer had arrived, but it seemed like my parents were taking even longer than usual to pack their luggage into the cab waiting outside of our apartment. They were heading off on a week long cruise, and even though they went away every summer, they still felt the need to give me a lecture about behaving well. "Don't get into any trouble, young man. You hear me?" My father said seriously. "You're going into senior year, and I don't want anything ruining your chances of being accepted into Brown." Ugh. I did all I could not to roll my eyes as my father once again mentioned Brown. It was as though he thought that if he spoke about it enough, I would eventually want to study there, but honestly I couldn't see myself there at all. However, I was way too distracted by the thought of seeing Annie again that I didn't bother arguing with him, and smiled as pleasantly as I could as my mother took over the lecturing. "Okay, okay!" I laughed, stopping her midway through her reminder to eat something other than pizza everyday. "I'll be fine. Go- you'll be late." I said, hurrying my mother into the cab. I closed the door as she tried to speak again, and finally I was waving goodbye as the cab pulled away from the curb. As soon as the cab disappeared into the traffic, I was in the car on my way to our house in the Hamptons. It was kind of a summer tradition for Peeta and I to spend the last week of summer away in the Hamptons, however, this year our whole group was joining us. I did manage to make sure they would arrive the day after Annie did, so we could at least have some time to ourselves. So, once I arrived I was literally counting down the seconds until the time Annie told me she would be there. When she was five minutes late, I started to pace up and down the hallway in anticipation. When the doorbell rang I could not get to the door fast enough. I threw it open and there she stood on the doorstep. Annie Cresta. My Annie Cresta. I knew it was totally clichéd, but my memory really didn't do justice to how beautiful she was. Her hair was a little longer, but just as tangled, her skin darkened from the sun, and her eyes…oh my God her eyes, so green and locked with mine. Well, they were, until they began to drift towards my lips. "Finnick!" she exclaimed, sounding both relieved and desperate. Before I could reply, she leaped at me and pressed her lips to mine with so much force I stumbled backwards. Instantly my arms were around her, pulling her close until I felt whole again. Laughing, we lost our balance and only the wall stopped us from falling as we slammed against it, neither of us ready to part again. We were finally together again, completely indivisible. "Hey." Annie said breathlessly. "Hey." I replied, just as short of breath. Our eyes searched each others for a moment, as if we were both not sure if this was really happening. Soon it was too much to be apart and my lips found her's once again. Without even realising it, we started to move, still kissing down the hall. "Where's your room?" Annie whispered in between kisses. Biting down on my lip, I picked her up and she laughed, wrapping her legs around my waist and throwing her arms around my neck. "Finnick!" she giggled, as I spun her around and carried her into my bedroom. We collapsed on the bed laughing, before reaching for each other again. I couldn't get enough of her, we were both in a frenzy, and I almost felt like I was going mad with how much I had missed her. I was so overwhelmed by her touch, her soft breaths, her gentle smile... She smelled like the sun, and the earth, but mostly she smelled like love. So much love. In moments Annie was pulling off her shirt and reaching for mine, and I just had to laugh at how forward she was. It seemed as though she was feeling exactly the same way I was, and neither of us could keep our hands off each other. I let her pull off my shirt and I watched with amusement as her eyes travelled up and down my chest. She laced her fingers with mine and kissed me again, rushed and breathless, and I almost couldn't keep up with her pace. "Sooooo…" I teased, breaking away. "How have you been?" "Very funny." Annie rolled her eyes, dipping her head close to mine again. "Camp was good then?" I persisted, trying not to smile. It was clear that Annie had no intentions of slowing down any time soon, and I had no desire to stop her either. It had been too long, way too long, since she had been in my arms, and I honestly couldn't get enough of her. So, as she kissed me once more I decided that we could most definitely save our catching up for later. With Annie in my arms, I felt like I could breath again. I had spent the whole summer not only missing her, but also worrying about her. It had been torturing me not to know whether she had had another nightmare or a flashback, with no one there who understood. However, now we were together again, I could tell that she was happy. She was smiling, really smiling, and I honestly felt like my whole world was there in her smile. "You're smiling a lot." I observed, brushing a strand of her hair out of her face. "I'm happy to be here." she said simply. "Missed me then?" I joked, tangling her hair around my fingers. "Oh just a bit." she laughed, kissing me softly. "Did you miss me?" "I've been in agony." I replied. "Aww." Annie laughed, "I'll kiss you better." "Mhhmm." I said softly as she kissed me again. "I could get used to this." "Do you think you could convince the group not to turn up tomorrow?" she laughed. "I wish." I groaned. "I think Johanna would kill me though." "Well, we can't have that." Annie tapped my nose. "But we still have a few more hours until they arrive, right?" "Sixteen, to be exact." Annie pulled me close, smiling again before pressing her lips to mine. However, she as starting trailing kisses down my chest I suddenly heard the doorbell ring. "Was that the…?" Annie asked, sitting up a little. "Just ignore it." I said distractedly, "Probably just some nosy neighbour." Annie laughed, picking up where she left off. However, when the doorbell rang a second time, I couldn't really ignore it. I groaned. "I'll go tell them to go away." Sighing, I got up and pulled on my clothes lazily, heading out of my room and leaving Annie in my bed. Ugh, just the thought of that was killing me. Who ever was at the door, I was definitely not impressed with them. However, I didn't have to get all the way down the hall before I heard Johanna's voice from behind the door, arguing with Peeta. Immediately my stomach dropped. What were they doing there? Confused, I opened the door to see Johanna, Katniss, Peeta, Delly, Madge and Gale all standing at the doorstep. "About time, Odair." Johanna rolled her eyes. "I was beginning to think you'd died in there." "What are you doing here?" I asked with annoyance. "Umm, you invited us." Johanna reminded me. "No!" I wailed dismally. "I said to come on Saturday not Friday!" I replied, exasperated. "I'm pretty sure you said Friday." Johanna contented. "Peeta, back me up will you?" Peeta shuffled forward, clearly uncomfortable. "I kind of think you said Friday, Finnick." I groaned, running my hands through my hair. Thinking back, maybe I did give them the wrong day. Sighing, I supposed I had no choice but to step back and let them inside. Katniss gave me a look as if to say 'sorry' before walking passed while Johanna was less than apologetic. The six of them dumped their bags in the living room before collapsing on the couch, as if travelling there had been such an effort. I was annoyed of course, that I was no longer alone with Annie, but mostly I was annoyed with myself for messing up the date. However, before I could go and break the news to Annie, I heard her walking down the hall. "Hey Finnick, did you get rid of them yet?" Annie called to me. Before I could stop her, she appeared in the living room, wearing nothing but a sheet wrapped around her. "Oh." she gasped, stopping in her tracks when she saw everyone in the living room. Immediately Johanna burst out laughing. "Hey, Annie!" she exclaimed. "Nice to see you." "Oh my god." Annie turned bright red . "I'm going to go…get changed." "No please, stay like that." I laughed, crossing to her. I put my arms around her and she reluctantly stayed there. "We have visitors, by the way." "Oh, well thanks for letting me know." Annie replied in mock annoyance. "Forgive me?' I asked, dipping down to kiss her. "Ughhh." Johanna groaned. "Don't tell me we've turned up right in the middle of your reunion." "I'm afraid you did, Johanna." I laughed, kissing Annie again. "Remind me to sleep in the room further away from yours then." Johanna groaned. "Hey, you're sleeping on the couch." I laughed. Johanna rolled her eyes as Annie slipped out of my arms. I sat down in the living room with the rest of the group, waiting for Annie to return. She did quickly, now fully dressed, and sat down softly on my lap. "Sorry about this." I whispered to her. "I may possibly have told them the wrong day to turn up." "Oh, just possibly?" Annie laughed. "It's alright. At least I had you to myself for a little while." "Not long enough though." I leant into kiss her. I was suddenly aware that no one else in the group was speaking, and were instead listening into what Annie and I were saying, amused looks on their faces. I coughed to break the silence. "Maybe we should try and be a little social then." I laughed. "So, how were your summers?" Annie asked sweetly, taking my advice. "Tell us about your cruise, Delly!" "It was alright." Delly shrugged. " Alright ?" Madge asked, "I think it was more than alright. Tell them!" "Come on, Delly!" Peeta continued. Delly blushed almost as red as Annie had done.