CAMP CAPITOL HEADS UP! I Katniss and I (Victoria, Tori) sound a lot alike...it's because before I wrote 'Camp Capitol' or even thought of doing a sequel I had given Katniss a few of my characteristics...Like Knick Knak! He's my real puppy dog. But he's not a Rottweiler, just has the rottweiler brown and black colors, except he has white and black. And he's a Dachshund/Chiwawa...Chaweenie...You'll see which ones when you meet me and my soon-to-be step-sister Gabby. I'll tell you about her and I when you meet us later on in the Chapter/story! Disclaimer FOR THE ENTIRE STORY!: I,Victoria, DO NOT own any of the characters of 'The Hunger Games'. I only own my ideas and my OCs. Me(Victoria, Tori), Gabby(Gabrielle), Chris, Denise, and Royce. They're my real friends and have let me grace this story with their presence. Gabby and I were originally going to be the only ones be put in this story and the rest but I kinda wrote the others in as well. In other words I OWN NOTHING RECOGNISEABLE IN HERE! Thank You and HAPPY READING! I'll stop talking and let you start to read the much anticipated sequel to 'It All Started With A Dare'. And PLEASE! If you have NOT read 'It All Started With A Dare' go read it becuase you will get lost in here! My mind has always ran free and you won't understand this story if you don't read the corresponding story. And please go check out the poll on my profile, you'll already be going there for a link so could you please vote? AND SORRY FOR ALL THE ANs! Katniss' P.O.V. (I know! It's not Finn's P.O.V. surprised me too) "Now if you will all line up in a neat line, at that table right there, you will find what cabins you will reside in during the time of your stay. Since there are so many of you, there will be four counselors to a group of campers. There's an extra girl in one room but I can't seem to remember who. Oh well! We'll have fun,fun,fun this summer anyway! After getting settled in, come back in two hours!" Finn stands up and takes my hand pulling me up to him. He lays a short sweet kiss to my lips and we start to walk towards the table with the placement sheets. We're a few people back and wait in line patiently, hoping to have at least one of my friends in the same cabin with me. When we first got here I saw at first eleven cabins, this one being the biggest out of all of them. The other ten seemed pretty big but they are definitely not as big as this one. This one is huge. It has five big long tables with about twenty chairs at each table. This has got to be the biggest camp I have ever seen in my life. Then again I've never been to camp before so I'm not really sure what to expect. This could be a small camp for all I know. We get up to the front and I see my name next to the number two. I searched for other names with a two next to it and I saw the names Combs, Gabrielle. Mason, Johanna. And Omes, Victoria. I'm not sure who the other two were but I knew that the Mason, Johanna, was in fact my pain in the ass best friend. I hope the other two are nice or at least nothing like Cash and Glimmer. Don't know what I would do then. I turn to see Finn looking for his name and cabin mates. "I'm in cabin two with Jo and someone named Victoria, and Gabrielle." "I've got Marvel and someone named Christopher and someone named Royce. We're in Cabin one." He tells me and then we walk out to the truck to start getting our things and everyone elses things out. We put everyone's suitcases together and put our things to the side. We wait for everyone meet with us and take there things. When they all get to us we all tell each other who we're with and what cabin we're in. Cato, Thresh, Gale, and Gloss are in cabin three. Clove, Rue, Prim, and someone named Denise are in cabin four. Peeta and Rory are in cabin nine with Brutus and someone named Chase. (Don't worry about him(Chase) he's just an extra) And Annie and Ember are in cabin seven with Glimmer and Cash,. Ember must have been the extra girl in camp. I truly feel sorry for them. Having to put up with those two all summer. That must suck. We don't know anyone in cabins five,six or ten. I saw Enobria's name with a eight by her name so she must be on her own this summer with nobody that we know. I feel sorry for her cabin mates. Well all gather our things and start to make our way to our cabins. I see that the cabins go in order from one to ten. Cabins one through five are on one side of the mess hall and six through ten are on the other side. I make my way to cabin two while my Finn makes his way to cabin one. We give each other a sweet and quick kiss before parting ways. Jo and I make our way into cabin two me ahead of her and we see that the cabin is empty meaning that Gabrielle and Victoria are not here yet. Jo and I explore the cabin a bit before finding a door that's labeled 'Counselor's Room'. We open the door and look around at the empty room. There's two bunk beds with green covers and one white pillow. It all looks military to be honest. "Top bunk!" Jo yells and jumps to the top bunk on the left side of the room. We'll damn. Guess I get bottom bunk because there is no use in fighting battle with Jo that I know I won't win. Jo would kick me off if I tried to get up there anyway. I chuckle and set my things down close to the bottom bunk. There are also four dressers in the room Two next to the beds and two at the foot of the beds. "I get this dresser. Don't break it please." Knowing Jo she'll break at least one of them getting up and down from the bunk. She's not the tallest person ever and always needs help with getting up into high places. It's the only thing she'll ever ask for help with. That's just how she is. She's like me, we hate to show weakness of any kind. We unpack quickly and make our way back into the main area. Besides our room, the main room is filled with two couches, five bunk beds, six different colored bean bags, and there's a door that we have yet to venture in yet. We go to it and open the door to see that it's a closet that's filled with games and random things. Must be for our free days when we have nothing planned. We close the door and go sit on the bean bags. We talk for a few minutes before the door opens and two laughing girls step through the door. I guess they're Victoria and Gabrielle. They stop laughing when they see us sitting there staring at them. They look to each other and smile. Not sure what that meant but oh well. "Hello people of Cabin Two!" The brunette and blue haired one says. "We come in peace!" the blond one says. I'm not sure who's who, but they look interesting. "She's Gabby." The Brunette and blue haired one says, pointing to I guess Gabby. "And she's Tori." Gabby says pointing to Tori. "And I can tell this is going to be an awesome summer." Tori says. "Nice to meet you." She sticks her hand out to me and Jo. Victoria, well Tori, is a semi short girl, about an inch or three shorter than Jo, with glasses. Her glasses are black around the lenses and the arms are red. Her hair is really long. The under half of her hair is a bright but not too bright blue. She has a necklace around her neck that look like it has a few things on it. It looks like it has rings on it. I see neon green head phones around her neck blaring music. Kryptonite from 2 doors down, can be heard coming from them. She has batman earrings in her ears. With an ear cuff on her ear, right above the batman earring. She looks like a nice person that's fun to be around. And by her and Gabby's entrance they look like they have a pretty good sense of humor too. Her suitcase is black and has the yellow 'Batman' symbol all over it. She has a black and pink back pack on her back with the letters 'LSU' sewn into it with a 'Captain America' duffel bag. She has a black shirt on that has the name 'Marvel' across it, as in 'Marvel Comics', with different Marvel characters on it. She has black pants on, with a seat-belt, type of belt. It has 'The Walking Dead' written on the buckle with the phrase 'If Daryl Dies We Riot' written all around it. She has black,grey,and pink vans on with a pink shoelace strung through the left shoe and a checkered shoelace strung through the right shoe. They look a beat though. Looks like they're on they're last limb. (This is how I really look and yes my shoes are almost dead but I have so much gorilla glue on them they're not falling completely apart. My necklace right here DOES have rings on it because my fingers don't fit my rings, they're to big for my fingers. One of them is a spin ring with dragons all around it, one had Strength written around it, one with LOVE carved into it so if I were to were it it would tan into my skin, and the last ring on my necklace says Faith. I also have a mockingjay on it but I didn't put that in the story. I got them all from my mom except the spin one. I got that one from my Paw-Paw. My head phones and music is just something that I can never part with. You know how people say 'Music is my life'? Yeah well I can't go more than an hour without listening to music. My teachers have even gotten use to me listening to music during class, as long as I keep it low, I can listen to my music. My seat-belt belt is real and you can get one at HotTopic or on www . Buckle-Down . com (no spaces). My outfit was just what I had on when I wrote this part of the story. So is Gabby's but you'll read what she's wearing when Katniss describes her next. And my hair is long enough to go past my butt. I have real long hair.) I shake her hand and Jo does the same. "Hi." Gabby shakes our hands next. Gabby looks different from Tori. She has blond hair with hints of red streaks in it, she also has bangs. She also has glasses but her's are purplish color with grey parts to it. She's about as tall as me and also look like a nice person. She looks like she's another fun person to be around. She also has earrings in, they're 'Wonder Woman' earrings. She has a necklace around her neck with a dog tag on it. I'm not sure what it says though. She has a 'Black Veil Bride' t-shirt on with a plaid purple button up. She also has black pants on with a seatbelt like belt to. But hers is