So this is my first long novel that im doing... Im scared that i might not get any followers from lack of updates but i have been so busy lately that its hard to even be on here a week at a time so be greatful for any updates from me and enjoy the story :P Disclaimer: I do not own the hunger games or any of its characters. XxxKatnissxxX His broad shoulders stand out of the bleachers while Gale throws his arm around my shoulder. "Stop it!" I throw Gale's arm off of me and get up off the baseball bleachers. "What's wrong babe? You seem so tense." I grit my teeth at him and he walks away. Thanks jerkoff. Cato comes rushing around the side of the bleachers. "What the hell!" "What?" I whip around and turn to Cato and his face is beet red. "You said you would give Gale a chance!" "Yeah and he blew im already dating Marvel! You knew that!" "1 more chance?" "Hell no. he's did all my friends he can go screw himself." I walk past Cato but he grabs my wrist and runs toward his car. I close my eyes shut because I hope he's not running because Gale's there. To my surprise Gale isn't there and Cato is pointing to the back of his truck. There was a bunch of flowers in the backseat and a gift. "Is that from Gale?" "Yeah! He really likes you." "If he really liked me he would stop being such a douche bag." I jump into the back of his truck and Cato drops the subject. He drives out to the meadow and pushes me into the lake again while Finnick and Johanna break sticks from trees and try to stick frogs with them. "Guys were 16 you should stop trying to kill frogs disection was in 6th grade," Cato says leaning back on his arms. "We should play some music." I run to my phone and put it on full volume while I play Evanscence and Cato plays his fake guitar. I laugh and roll back on the ground. "I got some serious fake guitar skills." He stares out at the water while Glimmer comes rushing down the hill of the meadow with a ring on her hand. "Hi Cato!" Glimmer throws her arms around Cato's neck and Cato flips her over into his lap. And kisses her fully on the mouth. "Hi sweetie. What's going on?" "Nothing much Gale just wants to talk to Katniss, he asked me to tell you. He said to meet him by the old Oak tree." Great... I get to be hit on in my own forest., How handy. "Tell him I said go to hell." I smile slightly and Cato punches my arm while Glimmer rolls off his lap into the freshly cut grass. While Cato and Glimmer are having their lovey dovey fight I turn off my phone and stare at the striking boy across the pond. His wavey blonde hair falls right behind his ears, I get completely into my own world with his eyelashes. "What are you staring at there?" Cato grins and rips grass out of the ground and throws it at my face. "Nothing." "Oh come on I saw you staring at Peeta. Trust me he likes you go for it." "God cato just because I look at someone doesn't mean I instantly wanna go out with them." "Well I know him he's a good guy. If you don't have a taste for Gale Peeta's about the exact opposite." Cato stares down at his pocket and his phone vibrates. "I have to go, want me to drive you home?" "No i'll be ok." "Ok bye." Cato basically runs and throws Glimmer over his shoulder. I stare back at the boy across the pond, his knees are tucked into his chest and after a couple of minutes his head falls agaisnt his knees. I look away and then his head comes back up and stares at the pond, he doesn't seem to notice me so I just keep staring. he finally notices me staring so i whip my head away from my deadly gaze and he grins and maybe even giggles at me. He sets his hand down into the water and makes the pond ripple. I put my phone in my hand and set it to camera. as soon as he looks away from me I snap a picture without him noticing. My first offical crush. Great. He buries his face in his knees again and I wonder if I should go talk to him. After a few minutes of staring at each other and laughing when we catch each other. He gets on his feet and starts to walk towards me but he catches sight of Gale nods his head and turns around. I frown. "Hey Catnip." "Gale I told you to leave me alone!" Gale doesn't take the hint and he sits next to me grinning like an idiot. Peeta must have heard me screaming at him so he sat alittle closer to us. "Ease off the screaming the shit doesn't help a converstaion, or a relatoinship." "GALE DO YOU UNDERSTAND ENGLISH WERE NOT DATING!" " ALL I'VE BEEN IS NICE TO YOU ALL YOU'VE BEEN IS A BITCH!" I get up and turn to leave but Gale grabs my wrist and slaps me. Peeta's eyes get wide and I rub my cheek, he gets up and runs towards Gale. "What's wrong with you, you can't hit a girl!" Gale goes to punch him but Peeta flips him over and Gale falls on his back. "Whatever mellark boy! Your dead meat!" I grab Gale's ankel and trip him while he's running and he falls again flat on his face. Peeta laughs and sits down next to me. He rubs my cheek. Gale runs off. "Is your cheek ok?" I smile and take his hand off my face. "Yeah it's fine Gale usually does stuff like this." "Screwed up stuff?" I laugh and he moves his hand towards mine. I move my hand alittle closer and he tangels my fingers with his. "That's all you're getting out of me today." "I didn't expect more." He smiles and looks back out over the pond. "If you wanted to stare that long you didn't have to take a picture." I blush and he giggles and takes my phone away from me. "I at least wanna see how good it is." I laugh and smack the phone out of his hand, he picks it up again and I leap to get it but he catches me and pins me over his lap. "Give me my phone!" I don't say it so seriously so he keeps my phone and laughs at my failed attempts at trying to get it back. "We'll see.." XxxPeetaxxX I turn away from my locker and look up at the clock 2:25 Dismissal. Yes! I run to the art room and catch Mrs. Trinket Kissing Mr. Abernathy. "Oh sorry!" I back out of the room but the art teacher comes up behind me. "Oh it's alright Peeta, Would you guys mind taking your bussiness somewhere else?" "Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Come on Effie." I laugh when haymitch tries to loosen her corsett and Effie slaps him accross the face in the hallway. "Are you here to finnish your painting it's in my office." "Yeah, Ill go get it." I ran and almost tripped myself getting into his office. I stared blankley at Katniss Everdeen grabbing her Flute out of the corner of the band room. Thank god this window is tinted. She brushed her fingers agaisnt the Paino And I watched as she smiled to herself. I frowned when Marvel walked into the room. Marvel smiled at Katniss and she smiled back I could almost feel my heart breaking at every word that was spoken out of their mouthes. Marvel finally came close to her grabbed her hips and kissed her. My eyes started to tear up. Thanks for breaking my heart you bitch. Fuck you Katniss and Marvel to. I promised myself i wouldn't say this anymore but it seemed to slip off my train of thoughts on how the hell I have to kill Marvel. The art teacher walked into his office and stared at me. "Let them get in trouble for making out at school, Just stay out of it their both trouble." I know. I said to myself hurtfuly. Why is she kissing Marvel when she was flirting with me yesterday. I long for her the throw herself over my lap for her phone and for her to stare at me lovingly across the lake. "It's fine their dating." "Alright then, why don't you get started on the rest of your painting?" "Yeah,... Ok" I stepped out of his office and sat on the counter with red and black paint and a thin tip brush. By the end of class i was finnished and it was one of my best. It was a painting of a lake with a sunset behind it but because of my mood i did a red wash over it. I let my feeling spill out onto the canvas. I wrote barely visible on the back of the canvas, fuck you marvel. I took the canvas with me and into the parking lot only to find marvel wrapping his arms around Katniss and kissing her rapidly. That should be my moment, I think to myself and start to go towards my car. Marvel holds katniss up agaisnt his camaro and flicks me off behind her back. He throws her into the car with visable lipstick all over his face. "Hi Peeta." Katniss says from the car next to me. "Hi." I turn the car on and drive away before the tears start to rush out of my face. How can I possibly be hurt this much in one day? I park by my bakery only to find my brother Rye and Mitch in a scream fight. "What's the fight about now?" "He was looking at my girl! Your a year younger than me Mitch!" "So what im 20!" Rye goes for mitch throught and push them both apart and my mother comes rushing out the door. "stop it both of you! Peeta your father needs you." "Ok." I go into the kitchen and see my father with an icing tube and his hand giving one to me. "Is that a new painting?" He asks when he looks at my canvas "Give it here." He says with a smile and I hand it over. "Why did you put red on top of it?" "The lake isn't my favorite place anymore but i didn't want to leave the painting unfinished." "Oh alright." He hand me an icing tube and we finish the cake for my grandmothers birthday. "You should head down to the lake maybe you'll change your mind about hating it." I nod and grab my sketch book. I walk down the my side of the lake . I see Katniss and Marvel across the lake and she's sitting in his lap while he holds her. Really? Why are they everywhere I turn around and head to the more hidden part of the lake with trees to hide my tears. I watch them and sketch, I feel like a bystander watching them while I was wishing it was me holding Katniss. I will hold Katniss how does the stupidest guy in the world that's a drug addict and a alochalic get Katniss Everdeen? She probably doesn't know about those problems. I get alittle closer to the scene so i can hear them without being seen. "Are you going to Cato's party this saturday?" "Yeah, can I take you?" "I guess." I feel like im almost growling to myself. "Ok, hey what time is it?" "Hold on let me get my phone, It's like 7