Title: Impetus Author: Carolare Scarletus Universe: AU (Mildly); Marriage Law; Abduction/imprisonment Genre: Romance; Dark; Angst Pairing(s): Severus x Hermione; Multiple Timeline: 1996-? Characters: Albus Dumbledore; Severus Snape; Hermione Granger; Harry Potter; Ron Weasley; Summary: It takes more than two seemingly opposite attractions to come together for a higher purpose. After the fall of Voldemort, what is there left when all hope seems to be lost? For one man, it's the decision to take the road often taken. For the woman that found her way into his heart, it's up to her to stop him. "What is your purpose, Severus?" Dumbledore asked weakly. "I do know you have one, but what is it? If you cannot justify your hesitance, then you must discover your reason from prolonging your bitter existence. When you do, you will either finally be set free or finally reacquaint yourself with what you have been missing." The choice between life and death has never come to a greater driving force between love and hate. ¸.•*¨~-`*`-~¨*•.¸ Impetus A Driving Force Chapter One The Beginning ¸.•*¨~-`*`-~¨*•.¸ *.-"-.* A call came on a silent evening, And it was this whisper that promised so Death stood quietly at the ancient door Drawn to the shadow of eternal tour A battle raged deep within Torn between the fire And the life to win The veil to the end that he so fought He soon almost came to find life was not all for naught. In this decapitation of severing lies And finding the driving force to life's unfair strife. *.-"-.* Albus Dumbledore has known tragedy. He has faced the conductor of fate, felt the cold hands of insanity, and caressed the bonds of time long before dawn even searched for a break on the horizon. He has known darkness as it has known him. And yet, as he stared into the night cloaking the surrounding land and the skin of Hogwarts, it has never felt so impersonal. There was a distance that he could not place, and he wished to address before the night was gone. He stood with his hands placed on either side of the basin, his fingers spraying about the pristine gloss. The moon casted an eerie glow upon his face, and he couldn't help not draw his attention to the glowing orb as if asking what to do next. It has been almost two years since to the day that the threat to all humanity came back to existence. His feeble attempt to reign over the world had almost been forgotten. That is, until one of the few people who cared to listen, much less knew the truth, proclaimed to the world of his return. It was only recently that they cared to pay the boy any attention. A rude awakening had come to them all. Albus stared almost hypnotically into the pensieve. The images that came forth from the disturbed, ivory substance had not be any help to him until now. Through the branches of his memories, he was able to find one of the first valuable pieces of information he was longing to share. They were dark images, images that he did not wish to see without the attendance or the company of another individual. He needed another opinion, someone to bounce of his ideas and worries off. Perhaps then, he could make better sense of it. For now, there were far more pressing agendas to attend to. The night was still rather young. The feeble Headmaster- Through the looking glass of his board, he could make out an approaching figure. His clothing bled into the straining environment as it pressed into the corridors in which he traveled. He watched as he feathered away, basking in the night, patrolling the darkness as if it certainly were an old friend. His pace quickened, and as Albus watched, he could see the sort of physical strain brought about only by torment and neglect flash across his features. He looked like a lost child searching for his mother. The way his eyes scanned the portraits, the sleeping faces of the canvases, snoring statues of iron and brass broke him. So much like the teeth of a crow, it tore at his insides until nothing but guilt and regret was left in wake of its searing touch. Oh, yes. Albus was regretful. So regretful in fact that he could not even bear to look him in the eyes when he finally barged in, soundlessly, and stood motionless behind him. "You have made your presence known, Severus." Albus said in a gentle, neutral tone. Signs of distraction laced in his words. "It has also come to my attention that you do tend to forget that I am in possession of one of Moody's infamous mirrors. Am I correct?" "You called, Headmaster?" came his stiff drawl. "Alas, some mirrors are all too frightfully untrustworthy," the older wizard sighed. There goes a fine evening of trying to break the thick glass that separated them. Severus had never been one for jokes; although, he had believed that for once the boy he saw grow up would open up long enough for any resemblance of amusement to take root. Alas, his attempts were to no avail. After some time, a mutual understanding was given and the two set out to go about the routine they have come to grow accustom to all these weeks. While Severus hurried about the room, waving his hands about the room and conjuring all sorts of useful implements he set out to prepare the night for one of the worst rehearsals. This nightly ritual of flying books and hissing objects was an old symphony that Albus which to annihilate. He did not voice this dark wish, however. He turned to Severus, watching indiscreetly as he prepared the cauldron for another night of torturous brewing. For months, it seemed, they have been doing this. Although the inevitable could only be prolonged for so long, he was glad to see that his most trusted ally was trying to comfort him the best way he could. Death couldn't touch them unless there was a spoken alliance. Albus sourly hoped that Severus' time was far from the present moment, but he couldn't bring himself to dwell on such matters now. He was perfectly content with death's decision, even though he had forced the decision upon him through his reckless actions, or as Severus so kindly stated. Oh, yes. He was very reckless. So reckless that it disturbed him. It was an obsession, really. One that had taken residence in his heart, and perhaps his soul. He could easily place such day in time; it had been the very day that he had travelled to a little orphanage and made acquaintance with a boy with dark brown hair and haunting eyes. A boy with absolute no regard to human capabilities, and found pleasure in even the vilest of tasks. It was then that Albus had found fascination. It was then that he had inspired to chase it. "How is it coming?" he asked instead, cheerful. Severus took a moment to respond. Shock flashing across his features before flickering away like that of candle light. The corners of his eyes twitched; he was very much annoyed, not prone to any sort of conversation. Potion making was supposed to be a quiet affair, Albus knew. So, why did he look so stricken with worry and fear? "It is coming," he drawled, his voice slow and measured, as if he wasn't sure if he could speak his mind openly as he has always been able to," along. It will take another three hours to fully cure." "I suppose we can wait around until it is complete." "Indeed." Severus paused. "Your hand is stabilizing nicely. Have you been taking the potions I have brewed?" The Potion's Master came up to examine the rotting flesh that was once pink with life and flowing with blood. With a quick work of his hand, Severus lifted the sleeve of his robe and looked taken aback by how quickly the curse had progressed. In almost a year's time, Albus would be either fully doused with the diseased or dead from its awful affects. Either way, the damage was done. Death would be absolutely painful, and there would be nothing he could do about it. He would die a slow, agonizing death. Albus did not look the part of a troubled man who had been diagnosed with an incurable disease; he looked perfectly content with it, in fact. As if death was just another means to an end. Albus knew very well what he was thinking but chose not to nourish it. He would continue to take the blasted potions, do whatever needed to be done to keep him sane and safe. As awful as the potion's were, the nightmares, the attacks that pushed until the early hours of the morning were, he was perpetually happy. Like a summer breeze passing through him, he accepted the consequences of pursuing the darkness. "Every night since." Albus admitted brilliantly. "I do not wish for things to end on a bad note, Severus. What we discussed last time must be left just that, in the past. Don't you agree?" Severus made no move to agree or disagree; he merely turned to keep an eye on the potion. Neither spoke, neither moved. Both basked in the haunting lamp of the uncontrollable. "What happened then," Severus drawled slowly, keeping his back turned away from him as not to allow the Headmaster to see his face," has long since been discarded. We both acted irrationally." "Then you must understand why I had acted in such a way?" He turned slowly around, his eyes darkened as they narrowed into impossibly small slits. While he whirled around to confront the Headmaster, the potion's brew noiselessly behind him. "I understand," he said, his voice tight," why you did." He had been a fool. He was man enough to admit that. What happened during their last session was pitifully embarrassing; neither of them had wished ill-will toward the other. It was their nerves and rising exchanges that caused a rift to form between them. He hoped to amend that. Albus sat back in his chair. He kept a watchful, almost fatherly eye on Severus as he turned back to the cauldron and raised his hand in the air. Something, like a whirl of fuzzy light, came flying to him. It was always something to watch the young Potion's Master at work. There was a sort of art to brewing potions and lifting disastrous effects. Thus, bringing him to the situation they found themselves in. Albus knew he was only keeping himself alive long enough to sort things out. He needed him to understand, to agree to the arrangement. Even temporary, he didn't know how long his nerves would last. The witch he had chosen was incredibly brilliant with ever sense of the word. Smart, beyond her age, beautiful within her own reason if he were to be honest. But, would Severus see that? For someone so traumatized by his past, he surely did not live in the present moment. How can he be so vain to see? To be so impoverished to the most vivid world of their own? How can he be so blind to see what he has been missing all these years? For someone who had solemnly reclined to being introverted for a majority of his life, why was it so hard to see that he was missing out on all things that humans should strive to obtain? He hoped he would be the one to change him. If not, then her. "I take it that you have reconciled since we last met, Severus?" came the old Headmaster's genuine retort. There was a twinkle of amusement in his voice. Of course he was only trying to spar him on. Again, Severus did not answer but Albus knew him well enough to