House: Slytherin Category: Themed (the loss of, the finding of the need for, how we act when security is shattered) Prompts: As he/she/name walked into their former childhood bedroom, [Sentence starter] Characters: Harry Potter, Petunia Dursley Word count: 4520 (Excluding Author's Note, but including entire Short Story and Title) Summary: In the wake of the final battle, Harry Potter learns a valuable lesson from his Aunt about family, and what it means to stand by their side no matter what. Rating: T Author's Note: Originally, I was going to write about Tom Riddle. That was until this scene popped up and I to continue writing. As a huge fan of Harry Potter, I don't think I ever really understood Petunia's relationship with her sister, Lily. As an older sister myself, I found that this piece really resonated with me, deeper than I could have possibly imagined. You get to see a side of her that the books/movies only touched. This is completely AU (Alternative Universe). I revised the scene where Petunia talks to Harry. (In this version, Harry is still in his bedroom when she comes to talk to him). A scene was added before/after the infamous extended version to the movies. :) I didn't want to use the entire original piece, so I decided to reword it a little. Though, how do you reword a piece that's already perfect, lol? Y'all have no idea how much I cried I started to write this. Nothing compared to how much I cried, however. I'm not entirely sure if I was supposed to use the sentence starter as the very first sentence, or that it could be used anywhere in the narrative. I owe a huge, HUGE thank you to my House. They were as supportive as anyone House could be and guided me through thick and thin. Even with my insecurities, they were always there to make sure I was okay. I don't know if this is allowed (smirks), but they're the best (Cough, cough). Thanks, girls! -Carolare Scarletus Into the Pendulum As he walked into his former childhood bedroom, his gaze brought him to a singular object that stood out against the formidable gloom. The darkened room seemed to pay no mind to its presence; only when he finally found it in his heart to step in did the room surrender to his touch. It was riddled with marks and scrapes, having been handled without the utmost of care or consideration. Inside, if he had had the courage to open it the moment his heart bid him to, he would have found a motley of used books dating back to his very first encounter with the magical world. Souvenirs of conduct, a collage of everything that he stood for. Aside from the dust and several bottles of used up ink, the trunk held such sentimental value that it astounded him just how much he had lost. Harry Potter was completely beside himself. The weight of the entire world had been placed upon his shoulders the second he learned of his fame, and yet, as he strolled through his former bedroom in search of something he knew he wouldn't find, he felt infinitely lighter. It was amidst the rubble that he was able to see clearly. The dominating structure, the healthy presumption to loyalty as he paid homage to the object with the strongest of respects. If it hadn't been for this object that he held in his hand, he wouldn't be here. Harry hadn't known then, but this fragile piece of an heirloom was astoundingly precious as it was mistreated. It was a small piece of a broken mirror, and had he known its importance, he would have used it a long time ago. Instead, he left it to fade away, leaving the gifter to rot away in the spirit of his memory. Its jagged edges was all the reminder that he needed as he continued his search into the unknown. With a delicate grip, Harry stood there, flipping the mirror over, finding the faces of the mirror as disturbing as the bluish, unrecognizable haze it reflected. It had been given to him by his Godfather, a man who died in front of him. One man of many who would risk their life for him, taken in a flurry of wicked laughter. He died for the hands of Bellatrix LeStrange, the maniac cousin to the Blacks. Sirius hadn't been the only one to die for him, and he wasn't going to be the last. When he looked into it, he could have sworn his eyes were playing tricks on. His bedroom hadn't a single item of blue, but the mirror wouldn't just make up such false reflections. So, he wondered. Had he imagined seeing the Headmaster's sparkling eyes in the glass? He couldn't really say what he saw was anything of the sort. Just that, he seen , and he wondered prolifically what it could have been. He flipped the mirror again, but when it came back around in his palm, the flash of blue was gone, leaving him to think. With a heavy sigh, Harry dropped onto the floor and ran his fingers through his unkempt hair. To his immediate right, laying on his bed, was an article he had just finished reading. If it had been the work of a more respectable author, he would have questioned it; however, Rita Seeker had published the article, bashing the late Headmaster of Hogwarts with everything that she had. In a failed attempt to clear his mind, Harry had read the article but and before he was finished, he threw the Prophet onto his bed, swearing with a snarl as he marched around his room in the most destructive manner. He was the juggernaut built from hellfire. Although there was no physical damage, the mental damage was catastrophic. He looked up from his lap, thinking of everyone who has given their lives to protect him. His father and mother and Godfather. Even the Headmaster of his school had died in honor of him. Now, in a vast nothingness that was his soul, his eyes met the silver lining at the top of the window. Harry tightened his grip on the mirror and swore. Nothing could compare to the war outside his own body. Neutrality seeped from the pores of the foundation of the house while the world became abundantly clear of the hell that was brewing within. Harry stood up, looked at his bed, and then out the window, knowing what he would find. It was as if the clouds themselves with their horribly dark tone were dementors waiting until the very moment that the seal of his protection was broken. As soon as it did, they would attack. They would be the ones to end all this madness, to storm the icy waters that was his battlefield and deliver him from all this evil. Little did they know, he was waiting for them. Like a single commander in the wake of their cries, Harry was looking out at the forbidding darkness as it gathered around his home, ceasing all perpetual movement. Listening to the soft call, he moved toward the window, looking down at the landscape as it stretched out before him. Sentinels of terror graced the heavens as his eyes searched for a way out. Harry had built up quite the wall to block out everything that Voldemort could possibly touch. It was during this instance that he felt the Headmaster's presence. Again, he looked at the mirror but only saw his own reflection glaring back at him. With a noncommittal glance, he backed away and retreated further into his fort. In all his years, he hadn't known patronage until he was introduced to the world of magic. Condemned to be a loner all his life, Harry found support within the carters of his friends and the home that took him in. It wasn't him who was saving them from evil; it was them who were sacrificing their time and energy for the sake of his well-being, and that's what had tormented him all this time. He hadn't meant anyone to die for him. The sick thing about it was that it was out of his control, and even if he could reappraise them for their involvement, he couldn't. He was going to continue to watch them die. Harry tightened his grip on the mirror, producing a sort of sting that he usually would have ignored hadn't it been for the small cut that issued from the movement. He winced, but other than that, he didn't move to stop the bleeding. It was astounding to him just how much comfort that came from reaping the benefits of injury. As there hadn't been a moment that he couldn't remember ever not being hurt, Harry took this with stride and looked up to find Hedwig nesting inside of her cage, safe. He supposed for a fleeting moment as he mended his injury that being bruised meant that he was alive. "I won't go!" came his uncle's voice from downstairs once more. He and his aunt have been at odds ever since Harry told them about his plans. Instead of hearing his aunt's voice, he heard the voice of the supervisors in charge of their transportation. It was the last thing he expected to hear from his uncle's mouth which was saying a lot. It was simple, really. They were to be transported to a safehouse somewhere outside of the United Kingdom. (A location that Harry would never be allowed to know to its fullest extent). There, they would be kept under surveillance until this blasted war was over. The only one that took well to the idea was his aunt, whom, with all honesty, was the last person Harry expected to agree to such an arrangement. His uncle on the other hand seemed to disagree, and from what he could hear through the muffled barrier of his bedroom door, their transporters were trying desperately to reassure him of the importance of their farewell. As they argued, Harry went back to his trunk and deposited the last of his belongings into it. He stood, recollecting himself in a manner than some would find a bit nerve-wracking. He began to pace the room, a habit he had taken up some time ago. He supposed it was a signal to go downstairs to try to reconcile his uncle. He knew from past experiences that this outrageous behavior was best to ignore, but fearing what his uncle could evoke, Harry chose to meet it head on. When he was about to grab his coat and turn, he was meant with something completely unexpected, he had to blink several times to assure that he wasn't seeing things. He stared openly at his guest. When it came to strange phenomenons, Harry hadn't the slightest idea how to conduct himself. What greeted him was breathtakingly surreal. It was an odd string of fluorescent blue, the sort of thing one would see if they picked a ribbon and set it alight with a bluish-purple flame. Though, he had to admit as he stared at it with the enchanted meadow of a child, Harry couldn't speculate as to what it could be. Only, as he wondered briefly, he wanted nothing more to touch it. To feel it in his hands as it wove around his fingers and tickled his palm. When he reached out his hand to grab it, a marvelous spectrum was met and Harry, as though spellbound as he refused to believe such a sight, contacted with the beautifully woven piece. "It likes you," Hestia said, smiling as she came into the room. Harry looked at her, instantly regretting letting his guard down. He supposed it had something to do with his uncle, so he waited until she brought it up. When she didn't, anxiety riddled his body. She looked at him with a blank stare before smirking.