Disclaimer: I do not own Harry potter nor The beauty and the Beast. They belong to J.K. Rowling and Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve respectfully, and no profit is made from this work of art. As always, enjoy. .~. Beauty is Beast Chapter One .~. Beauxbatons Academy of Magic Pyrenees, France September 27th, 1746 There was a particular scene in Dante's Inferno that kept the young woman agreeable. It was the raging lake of fire that truly terrified her to no end, though her imagination beseeched her. Was it the bedridden storm, or the agonizing cries of lost souls searching for a way out, she could not say; however, she did not imagine it to be quite like this: With a wooden board pressing dangerously into her back, a tower of books atop of her head, shoes that pinched her feet, and the abhorring, dreadful woman keeping watch of them in the background, she was not submissive to the impression of exploitation. She knew not of the true horror that it was. It was not the justice of the cruelty itself, but the injustice that they were being subjected to it. The girls of Beauxbatons, the House of Rouerie and Cossu in question, were amid a very important lesson, one of which none of them have been able to grasp. With every tender touch of their feet, fluid movement of their arms, their books fell and landed on the polished floor of the Dining Chamber. The girl's anguished cries as their practiced minds and clever remarks echoed in the hall as they scrambled to right themselves. All except one, of course. Hermione Jean epitomized the very idea of patience, though her mind raced with impenetrable need to confine to such a small stature. Her back was killing her, her legs ached with exhaustion, and her chest rose sharply with shortened breaths, but she did not dare take more than necessary in fear that her lungs would collapse. Each one could very well be her last. All in the hopes of perfecting one's poise and balance whilst walking, she supposed. But, be damned! Ballroom dancing was not an easy feat to perfect; even as someone as scholarly as her was having an admirable hard time walking in a straight line, though she kept her composure to a minimum. Dodging the commands of the magick that followed did not make any easier. She could not say the same for her fellow girls, who resigned to cheating and bickering as they walked as a form of relief. By any means, it certainly was. "The Heavens, ladies!" cried their teacher. "Eyes to the Heavens!" When Madam Hooch exclaimed this, a breathtakingly dry gasp spread through the room. The Madam was an older woman with short, greying hair and with the sort of nose that looked pixie-ish to be considered anything remotely human. Her penchant for rules and lectures had earned her quite the reputation that none of them would dare utter the phrases lest their tongue would be pulled out and sliced from their mouths. Madam would see to it that they did. It certainly did not help that there was a grand remodeling going on amid their lesson. Their Madam's constant cries for perfection did not help, either. "The Heavens cannot be anywhere but the sky!" the beloved matriarch of their misery sung. "Heads up, back straight!" This ought to have been enough incentive for the young women to forge ahead; however, if one were to listen past the judgmental praise of her words, they would learn that it is not all as it appeared. The circle in which they have been thrown in, or perhaps earned through penchant, was raging. Hermione could almost feel the gallant lake of fire scorching her very skin, the heat to which burned like a thousand flames. Because of such torment, or lack thereof, their concentration wavered and one by one they all stumbled and fell. All but a selected few were saved from such embarrassment. "Oh…not again." whimpered one poor girl as she desperately tried to adjust herself. Her beautiful tresses in disarray, as well as their costumed light blue dress. They all appeared in such condition, a result of what seemed like hours of practice. "What are we to do? We cannot be expected to master this art in such a short amount of time. What of our suitors? What of our practices?" Murmurs of desperation weaved between the girls. "We must keep practicing," said another, disdainfully unresolved. They all stood, once again moving in one fluid form. With a wave, their books righted themselves and they flew into formation. Their movements would be breathtaking if only they could learn how not to oppose one another with their lurid retellings. Months of preparation and no improvement has been made whatsoever. Their Madam was growing increasingly concerned about their lack of discipline. If only they yielded such a thing. "I cannot seem to keep these commendable books on my head!" cried another as she desperately attempted to adjust the fallen volumes. As the others, she managed to take several steps forward without fault before faltering like a demure animal. When she stood back up, she resolved to say, "Must we carry such impossible vessels upon our heads? It is giving me such a sharp pain in my back! Such ridicule must be frowned upon somewhere?" As she said this, several of them knocked into her awaiting form, causing their books to tumble in their wake. They all fell into one tremendous heap. All of them groaned in unison until the managed to pick themselves up once more. "Why on earth did you stop moving?" cried one girl. "Madam will be furious if we cannot accomplish what she has set for us to do." A cadenza of forlorn laments coursed like a living pule throughout the room. The patron of such debauchery was a girl that went by the name of Winnie. Short for Winifred. Though, she preferred not to go by either one. She insisted like a cure that the Madam only made them practice etiquette as to prematurely damage their bodies before they could marry and give birth to many children. It was an abominable dream, even though she was one of the few who did not see marriage and children as the privilege as it was. She was quite the romantic, however. Always going on about finding a wizard that would suit her. Though, no one has yet been able to claim the beast that she was. Thus, the atrocious petticoats and layers of wire that formed their fashion. She was not a contender to it, either. She was just as loathing towards the boards that strapped their backs as the rest of them were. Another girl in line was quick to offer her resentments. The lesson was not going as planned for any of them, and with each pressing minute, they found it harder to keep the books atop their heads and their backs aligned and parallel to the wall. They railed together once more. In tow, they managed to walk several kilometers before an unmistakable step was made, causing the girl at the end to bump into the girl in front of her. It was a master domino effect. Books fell and groans pulsed throughout the room. One of them seemed to have forgotten the number one rule, and that was no wands shall be permitted outside of class. It was strangely unladylike to do so, even in this time. "I say," whispered one girl, sitting up and looking at her friend with anxiousness," put that away before Madam sees it." "I do not see a problem." "Do you wish to get caught?" "What if she decides this time to keep it?" another chimed in courageously. "Or, worse ?" A collective gasp brought on a new age of terror. Madam Hooch was known to be punishing, but never in their wildest dreams did they believe she had the heart to destroy what made them unique. "She is not going to break it." The girls knew not to trust that blatant lie. One girl in particular was having a damn of a time keeping her wits at an arm's length. Even she, as impeccable as she was with emotions, could not contain her anger when she reached into her petticoat, grabbed for her wand, and unlaced the board strapped to her back. Another had done so, pointing to the books as if their teacher would not notice the trick. The idea was to keep the illusion that she was walking and the books would stay without the slightest of care. The remaining girls looked at her with admiration, and some with disgust. "I have had enough of this!" Ginerva Weasley shrieked. She was a girl of short-temper, and someone that Hermione found great patronage given if she could keep her mouth shut. She learnt quickly, though once thought feeble, she was quite the catch. With hair that held such fire, eyes such declaration and withdrawal to the regular demands of their world, Ginny was charming. "How can we be expected to walk in formation when our end girl has two left feet?" "I beg your pardon?" the girl who had caused them to trip over themselves. "It is a condition." She hissed. "You would do very well to remember that, Ginerva." "As is idiocy," the red-haired girl said with venom in her voice, unfazed that she used her given name despite knowledge of how much she hates it. "But, you do not see me parading around and making a spectacle of that, now do you?" Hermione looked at her from afar, practicing the lesson that had been given to them quietly. She was very much inclined to practice by herself, even if the board did cause her some discomfort. As a few of the older girls, they did not pay much to the conversation, or the girls in question as they bickered. "It is not my fault that the books will not stay!" "Nothing ever is your fault is it, Nymphadora?" A kind of sizzling noise came from her. As they looked on with interest, her hair began to change, along with her temperament. Once a nice shade of light brown was now the exact hue of a blooming petal during the first caress of spring. Nymphadora was a Metamorphmagus, a liberty she took in the most inconvenient of times. Drawing such conclusions, Hermione looked at her with wonder, having seen her in all sorts of personas, but none like the one she represented as such. "Do not call me Nymphadora." she said in a low hiss, the sound carrying deathly around the room. "Oh, do forgive me!" Ginny giggled mischievously. "Maybe if you could keep yourself from falling after a couple of steps, maybe I would be inclined to remember what ghastly name you have procured for yourself." Nymphadora emitted a scandalous sound under her breath, picked up her stack of books without a word, and proceeded to walk as if her words had not bothered her. She was indeed determined to prove her wrong. They watched on with competitive silence. Each of the girls long forgotten their tasks, and were now speculating the outcome of the display that moved before them. When she first took the step, a great part of Hermione knew that she would falter. She was simply not equipped to walk as graciously as Madam Hooch would like, and would ultimately make a fool of herself even at the end of every turn. Even at the age that she met her, the girl could not tell one foot from the other, much less wave a wand in the intricate manner that maigck needed to manifest. She doubted that she held that potential, even now. Holding a breath of her own, Hermione watched. It was only then when she began to walk across the hall, one terribly nervous foot in