House: Slytherin Category: Themed (Discovery – what does it take to discover new places, self-discovery, inner meaning, strength, even treasure.) Prompts: Ancient Runes (Class/Object) Characters: Hermione Granger; Harry Potter; Severus Snape; Ron Weasley Word count: 3478 (Excluding Author's Note, but including entire Short Story and Title) Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter nor any of the information provided in this work. I simply use it to enrichen my work/plot and I, by no means, own it. Although, if any of you are interested in Alchemy/Ancient Runes, feel free to contact me or look the information up yourselves for the subject(s) are quite interesting! Summary: Hermione Granger, the brightest witch of her age, was on the brink of a discovery. With the aid of her Master, Severus Snape, and a small group of friends, she travels to the catacombs of Hogwarts in such of Nicolas Flamel's infamous creation: The Philosopher's Stone. Legends speak of its great and healing powers. When dealt with this information, obsession takes over and once in the catacombs, it takes more than the knowledge of the land and Ancient Runes to save her from her hellish nightmares. Rating: T Important: The philosopher's stone is a legendary substance, allegedly capable of turning metals into gold. Its known as the elixir of life, used for rejuvenation and achieving immortality. For a long time, it was the most sought-after goal in Western alchemy. As Above, So Below This phrase comes from The Emerald Tablet and embraces the entire system of traditional and modern magic which was inscribed upon the tablet that all things exist equally, divulge from one singular thing, and are all one and the same. The meaning of this phrase is that it is believed to hold the key to all mysteries. All branches of magic are claimed to function by this formula: " That which is above is the same as that which is below " Example: the universe is the same as God, God is the same as man, man is the same as the cell, and so on. The magical act, that of causing a transformation in a thing or things without any physical contact is accomplished by an imaginative act accompanied by the will that the wanted change will occur. The magical act and imaginative act becomes one and the same. He knows with certainty that for the change to occur he must will it to happen and firmly believe it will happen. Note: Magic and religion are akin; both require belief that a miracle will occur. To bring about such a change the magician uses the conception of "Dynamic interconnectedness to describe the physical world as the sort of thing that imagination and desire can affect. The magician's world is an independent whole, a web of which no strand is self-directed. Mind and body, galaxy and atom, sensation and stimulus, are intimately bound. Witchcraft strongly imbues the view that all things are independent and interrelated." These concepts pivot on the belief that all things come from the One Thing, or First Cause, and "Its power is integrating, if it be turned into earth." The purpose of all rituals in ceremonial magic is to unite the microcosm with the macrocosm to join God, or gods when invoked, with the human consciousness. When such a supreme union is achieved the subject and object becomes one. This occurs when the magician feels that he is consciously in touch with all elements of the universe; therefore, he can control them. The magician feels connected with the universe. This feeling intensifies the more the magician successfully practices his skills. Whenever he experiences a failure he knows that the ritual was not performed correctly. When feeling unison with the universe, he knows he has reached his Higher or True Self because he has attained mastery of himself and the universe. Thus, his "skillful work ascends from earth to heaven and descends to earth again, and receives the power of the superiors and of the inferiors." Therefore, he "hast the glory of the whole world therefore let all obscurity flee from thee." Now the miracles are possible. Author's Note: There will be the slightest hint of Severus/Hermione, so if that isn't your cup of coffee (:3), please don't read it! It's more like admiration than romance, anyway. Although, the slightest hint nonetheless! Note: As always, enjoy -Carolare Scarletus _-~As Above, So Below~-_ And, so they witnessed in the mirror The shells of creation Fall into despair And the stars that held the world together Dive into a world of uncertainty Crashing like meteorites in the night. It was with this dust that coated their skins That made them questions everything That they believed in. As the planets and stars unite, They were the universe. As Above, So Below Hermione Granger peered over the top of her beaker as she tried to keep a steady hand. In her possession was a deadly mix of Nightshade and Fluxweed infused with a purple flower that she had plucked at the peak of its bloom. If the combination was right, she would have brewed a very potent variation of poison meant to kill anything within forty-two hours after consumption. Slowly, she tilted the beaker over the simmering contents of her cauldron. One drop fell from the lip and landed into the awaiting mixture. Hermione wouldn't know immediately if the proportions were right; the wait would be excruciating long and she prayed that it would be correct and not boil over and explode. It would be the third ruin potion this week and she could already hear her Master's scolding sneer in memorial of the last disaster. Brewing and potion making was a subtle art. It was a phrase that had been drilled into her mind so many times that she practically could recite it in five different languages, including Latin and Elvish. It was a science, though not practical on the true spectrum, that Hermione has come to love. She ditched her plans to study Civil Rights and decided to Major in Ancient Runes with Potions as her Minor. In less than two months, she'll be able to take the once in a life time trip underneath her school and embark on a journey that will change her life. First, she needed to master this potion. A week in the catacombs of Hogwarts almost ensured contracting diseases and sickness that didn't sound the least bit pleasurable. She needed to be prepared. Hermione, as all other explorers, had one dream in mind and that involved the Philosopher's Stone. She had read about it her first year at Hogwarts. Nicolas Flamel was a well0knwon French scribe in his time, and only gained his reputation after discovering the Philosopher's Stone. It was never described how he did it, or if anything from the accounts were even trustworthy, but one thing was for certain- Nicolas had achieved immortality in one form or another. Sightings of Flamel have surfaced all over the world. Hoaxes, though, Hermione could happily say that she knew the real man behind the image. Although the exact whereabouts where unclear, as Flamel had passed away shortly after his wife at the end of her second year at Hogwarts, one thing was for sure: this would be the greatest discovery of a lifetime and she had to find it no matter what. Ancient Runes was more than the fascinating subject that had caught her attention back in school. It was an unscripted journey that, no matter whose viewpoint she read it in, told of endless stories of discovery and reenactments. She supposed that what she wanted. Call it an obsession, but the more Hermione studied it, the stronger the attraction became. It all started with a tour under the City of Mystique , or Paris, that entrapped her to the dream. She had broken into one of the entrances and spent an entire night exploring the endless paths alongside her best mates, one of which had gotten caught and spent the night in a Parian cell. He had yet to contact her, much less forgive her. That certainly was the deal-breaker in their friendship. As she attended to the mixture, cutting a beaded pearl, her mind wandered just a tad. Instead of cutting the beetles that lay on his plate, he was crushing them with the flat side of his blade. Which seemed a bit odd if anyone would to ask her. She had been instructed by the same Professor in the art of brewing potions, and nowhere in their text said that crushing the beetles would amount to a more positive reaction to the brew. Furrowing her brow, she watched attentively as his adroit hands made little movement with the ingredients provided, gradually added the bits of slug flesh and owl dung to the concoction. Her fingers flipped through the text with lightning speed as her mind whirled with uncertainty. If Hermione hadn't known any better, she would say that Harry Potter was cheating. " You're not supposed to do that!" she hissed under her breath. "Do you have any idea-" " Relax, 'Mione," her partner said with a flare of humor. "I'm merely experimenting. Besides, isn't this a Beginner's Brew class? I'm allowed to get up and personal with my ingredients." " But, not like that!" she nearly shrieked as he added another drop of the vaporless liquid to the cauldron. It omitted a greenish light before it dispersed completely. "Oh, move over! You're going to blow us to pieces if you keep adding all that." University hadn't changed Hermione in the slightest. In fact, it seemed to invigorate her need to learn and grow. Hermione glanced at the digital clock that she had procured for her Master. A gift from her Muggle upbringing. Though, it was a bit useless since all the windows had been shut in preparation to brewing this potion. Besides, he didn't appreciate kindness even it conjured itself right before him and kicked him in the arse. Oh, well. One cheap little clock was the least of her worries. Carefully, Hermione took hold of her stirrer and began whisking the concoction in counter-clockwise strokes before stirring it three times in the opposite direction. With an easy flick of her wrist- something that she had taken up from her Master- Hermione had finally gotten her brew where she wanted it to be. In the text that had been provided for her, the potion was supposed to be a deep purple (which it was). However, it didn't say anything about it omitting a sweet, yet entrancing scent. Worried, Hermione opened her book back to where she left off and read the notes on the sides carefully. Instead of the foul scent to which would have signaled a perfect brew, the note indicated that the smell would be richer and more refined. Coming from the Half-Blood Prince himself, Hermione decided not to worry too much. This time, she nailed it. That's all that mattered. Perspiration rolled down her temples, staining her skin and rousing her already ambitious hair. Just a few more seconds and- "GRANGER!" bellowed her Master just as the color was about to change. Quickly, Hermione looked up to find Severus Snape, the man of her rigorous training and tormenter of all her educational years at Hogwarts. His unceasing snarl had been permanently etched onto his face and if his looks could kill, she would say that he was stubbornly upset about something that happened at the Ministry. Professor Snape (a name that he adamantly refused to answer to nowadays) was a self-proclaimed Alchemist. Whilst under his care, Hermione had gotten into a bit of trouble and it was only with his standing that she was able to get out of trouble punishment-free. Not only was she apprenticing under his credentials, he was her only supporter. Aside from a couple of menial jobs she scrapes up every now and then, Hermione was completely dependent on almost everything. Well, almost "I