x-X-x Chapter One Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Slughorn's Party x-X-x *~ Fated to be ours ~* Ci credi nel destino X.x.X Born from the ambition of scalding touches Worn like a shroud of fruitful need That makes sweet remembrance of A calling of longing and impartial tune Collide together and become one As fated to become ours X.x.X Saturday November 2, 1996 In the faintly lit room of his professor's personal quarters sat a perfectly petrified young man around a large, round table. In front of him was a lovely meal of savory steak, mixed vegetables, and mashed potatoes. Those around him may have said that he was staring unknowingly into oblivion, but they weren't in his position. In front of him sat a wonderful woman, whose hair had been curled delicately just for the occasion. She wore a nice navy blue dress with a lacy outer layer. Underneath was solid and covered more modestly than the other dresses he's glanced at since the beginning of the evening. It was a simple, casual affair between secretly selected individuals that had drawn their Potions professor's attention. Slughorn was a strange, little man with even stranger tastes. Blaise Zabini, though reserved to only stealing glances at the beauty across from him, could not believe the people had been invited to the dinner. Slughorn's 'collection', as he called them, consisted of some highly questionable individuals that didn't even merit a moment of his precious time. Blaise had only agreed to come for one reason. He would see her. And that was worth more than an evening of annoying banter and incredibly boring escapade stories that their Professor seemed to advocate. Blaise turned his head slightly to the left where Slughorn sat going on about his journey across London during his younger years. As his head turned, as if interested it the poor bloke's tale, his eyes swept over the exquisite little maiden in front of him. Hermione Granger sat looking eternally bored, picking at her food and moving it about her pure white plate in golden swirls. Blaise had taken a keen interest in her small habits, having found it rather odd that she wasn't eating yet again. This would be the third time she'd dodged eating the meal Slughorn had prepared them. Perhaps her trust wasn't as deeply planted as he suspected. He could vouch for that because he hadn't taken a single bite either. If he had been the one to prepare the meal, he would have gone about it in an entirely different manner. It wasn't only during these little rendezvous that he'd watched her. He certainly wasn't the only one. He knew of another man that'd taken an interest in her. Blaise had talked to him, seeking out the man's advice before he left. He shared everything he could with his friend. He wasn't surprised that he was told to make sure she ate. Even if Blaise had to offer her something, she was not to go to bed hungry. Not tonight, at least. He watched carefully as Hermione sighed softly under her breath. The blabbing of the professor sitting beside him covered for her exhalation. It was under such circumstances that he wanted to engage her, to urge her to talk, or to at least take a couple of bites of her food. She had been gradually losing her appetite during the course of the last several weeks and neither he nor his friend could figure out why. They kept a tight vigil on her at all times, accompanying her from afar to her classes and escorting her safely to the Head's Room at night. Neither of them allowed her to be alone. As disastrously uncivil of them as it was, they couldn't bear if something happened to her under their watch. As a result, they had developed their own way of communicating, allowing each other to reach out at a moment's notice. "And, what do your parents do, Granger?" Slughorn asked without preamble. Even in his drunken state he was deeply annoying. Blaise turned to her politely as she glanced nervously at Slughorn. "Both my parents are dentists." She told him. It was an unsettling thing to say since no one but her knew what a 'dentist' was. Blaise was kind enough to hold back his remark, although he wanted nothing more than to display his research, but he couldn't. He had been warned. "They tend to people's teeth." "Sounds like a dangerous profession," Slughorn grumbled. "Have your parents ever gotten hurt ten-tending to people's teeth, as you say?" "No," she paused, "although, this one boy did bite my father." Hermione let out a small, nervous laugh. A mockery. How ridiculously outlandish of Slughorn to even ask her what her parents did when he clearly didn't give a damn. The only one he had eyes for was Potter, and as far as Blaise was concerned, his parents hadn't done anything noteworthy. Maybe it was the Pureblood in him, but he hated Potter for his proximity to Hermione. So much so that he cursed him for befriending the girl, not because a Muggle-born such as herself didn't deserve to have friends, but because he was allowing his emotions and feelings to get the best of him. It wouldn't be the first time that they had pushed past his strict mental and physical barrier. She was breathtakingly brilliant and beautiful in every aspect. He just couldn't contain himself knowing that Potter was just a whisper away from brushing his sleeved arm against hers, or that he could listen to her soothing voice whenever she spoke to him in hushed whispers. You're becoming tense, Zabini. What has gotten you so angry? Potter, he transmitted to his partner through the convenient use of the ring on his left hand. He's practically touching her. Calm down, my friend. You cannot allow your anger to overpower you, his friend advised. Blaise inhaled deeply, allowing the soothing words of his companion to assuage any built up anger and dispose of itself through his body. He exhaled, repeating the calm regimen several times until he felt a little better compared to the beginning of the evening. He felt substantially better knowing that his companion was just a thought away. However, his thoughts were all too tempting. One of the most shameful thoughts was provoked from the awakening doubt that began to blossom inside his chest as he sat there, listening to the foolish stories of another male that had noticed Hermione. All alone with his destructive thoughts, Blaise could not contain the heinously tormenting thoughts that sprang to his mind every time his thoughts travelled to the man that sat several seats down. If it was not for Hermione, he would have declined the invitation entirely, to save him from the disgusting scene before him. With every sweep of the man's tongue over lips, his own anger rose. Every suggestive and utterly horrid glance was directed at Hermione. Though apparently oblivious to the workings of a male's mind, she was able to ward off most of his advances. A brilliant girl, Blaise commended her for her ability to rid herself of unwanted looks and focus her attention on more important matters, even if it included acting as if she was the least bit interested in what his parents did. Hermione's charm and politeness would prove to be her ruin one day. Suddenly, he felt a considerable shift in the air. Concerned, he turned to Hermione, watching as she muttered something to Potter. A flash of worry spread over his face as well as his own, but he was quick to hide the assaulting expression and push the emotion away. "Are you sure?" He heard Potter say. "I could take you back to the Head's Room. It's no problem, 'Mione." She shook her head, looking more ill with each passing second. "No, stay. I'll take care of myself." He didn't seem willing to sit by when he knew something was deathly wrong with his friend. "Alright, but if anything happens send me your Patronus. I'll be there to assist as soon as I can." Hermione agreed just as the plates before them vanished. She managed to get past Slughorn, giving him the same excuse she had given to Potter. He, too, was concerned, but not nearly as legitimate with his understanding. He simply wished her good night and said he hoped she felt better by Monday morning. A pitiful display when Blaise knew something was wrong. It couldn't be a simple flu that caused a healthy girl like her to not to want to eat, pass out at random times, and struggle to function properly due to lack of sleep. He was aware of her late night dates with her textbooks and rolls of parchment. Sometimes, she stayed up late into the night and by morning she had to take a potion just to keep herself afloat throughout the day. However, there was something more sinister at work than just lack of sleep and he was determined to find out what. Blaise looked over his shoulder, making sure she at least made it to the door until he stood and excused himself as well. "Are you sure, Zabini? Dessert has just arrived." Slughorn looked at him imploringly, seeming not to want to lose two students in one evening. He nodded. "Yes, sir." He could have easily offered him some false excuse about not feeling well but that would have put more distance between him and Hermione. More distance than he wanted, that's for sure. Instead, he bid Slughorn goodnight, not bothering to say it to anyone else. He was more comfortable with less company and he had a witch to catch before he discovered her lying on the floor as he had on one other occasion. He did not want a repeat of that horrible episode. Without another word, he let himself out, barely listening to the banter between Slughorn and the blasted prick McLaggen. The over-righteous bastard should be killed for the suggestive looks he had given Hermione. At least Blaise slept better knowing that the witch had absolutely no feelings for him, nor would they come to the surface in the near future. Blaise broke into an abrupt run as he tried to locate the missing witch. He had grown frantic the moment he set foot outside Slughorn's quarters. He could sense her distress, a remarkable little connection they shared with one another. The link between the three of them was strong, but he hoped and prayed it would strengthen once he and his companion presented her with their proposition. It wasn't really a contract that they hoped she would consent to. Through the intricate workings of Fate, they were somehow bound to one another. Blaise and his friend had known since their third year, coming to the realization at the beginning of the fall term. It had been a startling epiphany, one that they both were all too willing to submit to. Fate was a wondrous mistress and they both owed her the opportunity she had given them. And Hermione was the Forbidden Fruit that they would do anything to consume. He sensed her distress a few feet ahead of him. Not wanting to delay any longer, he broke into a sprint until he ran into the witch he had been following. Barely hanging onto the wall, Hermione looked as if she was going to fall at any second. He reached out, wrapping his arm appropriately around her waist. "I've got you," he told her in a low voice, helping her stand. She glanced over him. "I-I'm fine. Just… a bit..." a wave of dizziness swept over her and she grabbed for the wall to steady herself. She sniffed at having been found in such a vulnerable state. Blaise helped her until she was able to stand on her own. "Steady, now. Hold onto the wall." She obeyed him and for