House: Slytherin Category: Short Story Prompts: The Yule Ball Characters: Adrian Pucey, Draco Malfoy, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Lucius Malfoy, Narcissa Malfoy Word count: 2,942 (Excluding Author's Note, but including entire Short Story and Title) Beta'd by: Daronwyk. Again, thank you! You rock! Author's Note: I'll have you know, I changed my mind at least twenty times. I've never done any sort of competition before and I really wanted my House to be proud of me (as I'm so proud of them!). This was my first choice until the plot bunnies reared their ugly heads and I had the hardest time choosing which prompt to work with. In the end, my original lost. I barely had enough of time to scrape this together (due to work and State Boards are literally less than two weeks away.) For the life of me, I don't know how I came up with this fic. I just hope y'all enjoy it! FYI- I may have cursed myself. This was such an interesting take that I feel that I could either tell the tale from the beginning, or continue from this scene. Who knows? Please review and let me know! As always, enjoy -Carolare Scarletus .~. To Freedom, At Midnight .~. The atrium was dressed in a blanket of magnificent snow. Once thought unattainable, the airy substance brushed against the guests' cheeks delightedly as they passed the line of hearths decorated with red and green wreaths and into the welcoming hall. Masked attendees were given the task of greeting the guests as they arrived, ushering them to the various places and acting as their host. Among the guests were captives of the four-year long war. They stood displayed like animals in glass containers, with auctioneers bidding on them like trophies for purchase. As the participants walked, they would gawk and whisper under their breaths while pointing at the exhibits. What was once an annual beneficial dance dedicated to union of Magical alliances across the world, meant to bring people together, was now held in disgrace. This year, they were holding the ball for the downfall of the side of the light. The dark contrast from the usual joyful time was a tangible element in tonight's festivities. Hermione Granger gazed out into the open preserve of the ballroom, hardly recognizing the prisoners on their once blood stained faces. She stood atop of the staircase, minding the lovely style that she had painstakingly magicked at the last minute. It paired well with the formal Pamella Roland ombre crunched sequined gown and faille skirt. The bodice, although it showed way too much of her sides and breasts, was fitted. The neckline was jeweled with crystals as well as half sleeves that formed nicely to her upper arms. Though too outrageous for her liking, she believed that it was a nice addition to the robes. Besides, she had to play the part. She didn't have the right to indulge, despite it being a more extravagant version of some famous designer's vision. Her escort was busying himself with introducing her to people she hardly recognized. Though, she felt nothing like the sort of woman that he presented to his friends like some sort of delicate war prize. She didn't feel as polished as he said she was; as if born from some sick persuasion, she didn't know who she was. Adrian Pucey had been the one to win her. During the auction set up some months prior to their victory, he was the Pureblood that rose from the ashes and placed the highest stake on her life. She would have been presented to sex-crazed Death Eaters before meeting her unmighty end by their savior himself. Fortunately for her, that fate had been spared. Since then, she's been under Pucey's care and control. Every night he took his fill of her. Opening new doors to ones that she didn't think could open under his touch. She was a slave with as much free will as a newborn child. She felt oddly out of place. It was as if the strings that were connected to her extremities were rebelling against the natural order that was this confining demand, and every time she bent her arm or extended her leg, the strain on them became noticeable through the thin robe that clung to her overheated body. These crystal lines were the only thing keeping her from falling, and the only thing that was keeping her alive. She looked out before her, announcing her arrival in a fashion that entirely not her own. Every head seemed to turn when her feet contacted the last step, allowing the powerful magic that coursed through the room to shoot back right at her. She was the sheep outside of the herd. They looked on at her with wide speculation and intrigue. As she walked, her eyes met her date's, the striking young man that had unconvincingly saved her from certain doom. Bonded to him, Hermione walked toward the hunter of the unknown. He slowly turned his attention to his treasure. His jewel, one would be bold enough to say. She made her way over to him in slow, deliberate steps. The dress he had bought her was that of ice blue. It did wonders to her curvy form, which was accentuated by the tight lace fabric. He simply loved seeing her in it. She walked with purpose and alleviated confidence, something that had been hard to find before their union. Now, she was unstoppable, and that's exactly how he liked her. Even with the strings, she knew that the rage fanning within her was something he admired as well dreaded. Hermione spotted him a mile away and remained unresponsive. Once she made her way over to him, she planted a firm and customary kiss on his lips. His hands drew up to cup her cheeks and she deepened the exchange, only pulling away when she needed air. She was starved for him as he was starved for her. This was a game of love and hate, and she was beating him with even more strength and vigor than he could have possibly imagined. With crystals as magnificent as the ones that bonded her to him, she felt even more powerful than she has in months. "You look pleased." she breathed. "Why wouldn't I be?" he growled, moving his hand so it rested on her hip. For some strange reason, he could feel the wrong eyes on her and he instantly regretted talking her into wearing the dress. "You are my fiancé, so why wouldn't I be pleased to see you?" "She is a jewel, Pucey," one of his mates assured him with a grand smile when he finally acknowledged their presence. They were not admiring her dress, which was magnificent on its own. He was looking at the crystal lines that ran from every vantage point on her body, the major arteries of her support vanishing in midair. "How much did it cost to put those strings in?" "An arm and a leg," he said, laughing at his own joke before the rest of his group caught on. The once believed God of their time had turned into somewhat of a prudent playboy. Spending money every which way like it was nothing and indulging in more than one witch every night was some of the indecencies that Hermione had chalked up. Her frazzled mind whirled hauntingly for a moment. When a hand slipped from her lower back to caress her hip, she turned her attention to her date with a smile. It was not of her own accord, but the strings' doing. "What is it?" he asked, then. "Her fourth pair?" "I believe it is," Adrian looked at her with an odd expression before turning the conversation more to his liking. He spoke of sports, racing specifically. She felt like a prisoner in her own body. The room was crowded and the only sound that she could make was that belonging to the damnable strings attached to her body. If she were to scream, no one would hear. No one would even turn to see if it was their imagination that set off the alarming sound. What noise she could produce came from her mind, and what a haunting sound, indeed. Adrian looked at her. It bothered her greatly that he would bring up something as miniscule as the cost of her bindings. Evidently, he wanted to ignite a long-extinguished fire; the fool was only playing with the wrong companion. The game was set to end soon. "Are you feeling alright, darling?" Hermione nodded, "Yes, quite." Adrian knew when she was lying, but didn't try to engage her in any other way except to ask if she would like to dance. She readily agreed. It was something that she did find quite entertaining, even if the movements weren't her own. Bidding his group farewell, he escorted her to the middle of the grand room, placed a hand on her hip, and immediately dived into the choice dance that was being humored. "I won't have you embarrassing me like that again, Hermione," Pucey said in low, threatening voice. "I paid good money to have those blasted strings installed and I won't have my fiancé defying yet another set. People have been whispering that I am incapable of controlling you." "Perhaps, I don't want to be controlled?" this little slip of her tongue caused a sharp pain to form where they were joined. When she looked up, she saw just how serious that he was. "You can't keep me this up. They'll break. They always do." "I don't think so," he gazed directly into her eyes as he said it. "Even if it takes ten more pairs to finally put you in your place, I don't care. You'll remember who saved you. It could be a lot worse for you, Granger." He had the nerve to smile at her before tilting her head up so their lips were just a whisper away. "The things I do for you." She should have felt revolted the second his lips touched hers. These strings were eating away as her emotions. Her movements would soon not be hers and before she knew it even her emotions would be entirely subjected to their scrutiny. It was obvious to her that he paid a handsome amount for this set and unlike the others, this one will be difficult to break in. Some rebellious rage still lingered inside her, if demonstrated in the nick that she gave him by accident was any indication. Adrian brushed a finger across his lip, eyeing the blood before lifting his gaze towards her. There was a deathly glow about his eyes that made Hermione shiver. However, it wasn't directed at her. Before he could stop her, Hermione whipped her head around, gasped at the sight of him as he made his way from the top of the staircase and down to the ballroom. Draco Malfoy was splendid as he was forbidden. In a world where Voldemort ruled and the Death Eaters had their pick of Muggles and Muggleborns alike, he was one face that she was almost livid to see in a world so picturesque in black and white. That little sprinkle of color was the only thing that kept her going. She could just hear the strain on her strings give way whilst she considered the man that fought tirelessly and for so long. It was true that Draco had lost all the favor he had during the war. Switching over to the light during his fifth year, he caused quite a stir in the dynamics of the community. Having been forced to irradiate any feelings towards the Pureblood monarch, she found some peace in his presence this evening. He had given up everything to fight on the side that should have won. The side that should be having this ball in the honor of those who had lost