Chapter 1: No Such Thing as Coincidence Before she was even born all those seventeen years ago, the annual tradition of the Games had already been established. For every District of packs, there were two members chosen at random to participate in a gruesome battle used as entertainment for the Capitol Alphas, where each kid was forced to fight one another until one out of the twenty-four arose as the Victor. If you made it back, you were given permission to lead your own pack, regardless of previous pack status. Some said it was a way for the Capitol to assert their dominance over the Districts and prove that they were in control, while others always told her it was a way for the select few to connect with their primal sides like many others didn't get to do, due to the Peacekeepers who led a majority of the packs in each District. There was something about the strict rules of survival that brought forth the wolves in anyone who entered in the Arena, which according to the Capitol, made for a more riveting show. It was sickening whenever they were forced to watch the video feed from the Arena, staring helplessly as kids were slaughtered, some she knew; the only thing that was ever able to compare to the emotional havoc brought on by the Games, was the moment just before: the Reaping. It had been two years since her older brother Gareth was reaped and sent into the Arena, and she could vividly remember the experience as if it were only an hour before. Standing there in anticipation, surrounded by a herd of other people with an identical level of anxiety, it had been practically hard to breathe. Crammed into a small group of teenage girls, she had watched the Representative gallivant across the stage constructed in the middle of District Four's largest fish market, as it was every year, and pluck a name card from the female bowl. Some poor, little Omega was dragged onto stage from the fourteen year old crowd and put on the spot next to the eccentric Capitol Alpha. District Four had very few Alphas, as did any District below Two, for most were kept in the Capitol or sent to the Career Academy to train as Peacekeepers. Betas were more common, and Omegas made up a majority of each lower District's population, but when it came to the Games against One and Two skillfully-trained Alphas, rarely did any lower-ranked pack members make it back to their families. The deaths were often brutal since many Alphas enjoyed setting their wolves free on their prey for more Sponsors, but for those Games, none of her family was meant to get picked. There was a silent agreement between the Capitol and her family that their names were never to be brought up with the public, for fear that past actions could spark rebellion from others in the future. So standing there, helpless, as the long red nails of the District's Representative pulled a name card from the bunch, only to have her read the name of her brother had her heart thudding wildly in her chest. "Gareth Rivendell ." "Farrah?" a small voice called from the doorway, causing the girl to shoot up from bed in haste. Eliminating any signs of a threat after her eyes searched widely, she relaxed, a tender set of fingers rubbing her forehead as the short frame of a little girl slipped through the cracked doorway. "Yes, Marigold?" It wasn't hard to tell who it was after picking up the familiar scent of sun flowers that always managed to follow the girl everywhere, even the hint of sea salt all people of District Four carried couldn't douse it out. "Can I sleep here tonight?" Using the thin bit of light streaming in from the slightly-opened door, Farrah could see the shadow of a bruise forming across one of Marigold's cheeks, her stump arm cradled in the other. "What happened this time?" She sat up on the small bed, leaving enough room for the little Omega to crawl closer near her feet, but the two didn't position themselves for sleep, instead they sat with Marigold's back facing Farrah while her fingers ran delicately through the mess of golden curls on the little one's head. "Dad came home late again. He started making lots of noise in the kitchen which woke Mom up, and the two started fighting. He hit her…I was just trying to stop him…" A quiet sob had Marigold shivering, even under the blanket Farrah carefully wrapped around her. Many found Farrah's sympathy for the disabled Omega strange, especially given she was a rare Alpha female, but the older teen avoided everyone's gaze when it came to Marigold. Omegas were already belittled for their status; most higher-ranks referred to the group as worthless laborers, but with a half-deformed arm, this young twelve year-old was put through far worse. It was common knowledge to Farrah that Marigold's parents had both hoped for a Beta, and that it be a boy, so when receiving her they were a little more than let down. Though that was absolutely no excuse to treat her like they do, Farrah could never find a way to get her out of such a situation due to her age. Marigold was tied to a pack run by one of the District's Peacekeepers while Farrah was born into a pack headed by a deceased Victor's son, and there wasn't any way to separate someone from their pack unless given permission from the Capitol, but you had to be above Reaping age in order to even have a chance of switching. It irritated her to no end, and each time another bruise showed up in Marigold's pale complexion, she was tempted to march right down to the household and teach the girl's parents a lesson; being an Alpha had its perks, especially when it came to your rank in the community and the orders you could give, but with it, there were also consequences. Gareth had been a Beta. No one could ever figure out how the Alpha gene had been passed onto the first female born instead of the first male, but there was no reversing it; Gareth simply had to earn the rights on his own, and he had been so close. It was painful, to relive the memories of his passing, but with each annual Games came the ghosts and shadows that followed. Normally this time of the year was when everyone was allowed to grieve; even more so if a family had lost a child to the Games, but none of that time was used for its intended purpose when it came to Farrah. She was utterly disgusted with the Capitol and all the Alphas that inhabited it, but the Reaping was the one time when everyone was vulnerable – when everybody had something to lose, and it proved to be torture the day Gareth was chosen. "I know what you're thinking," Marigold piped up in front of her, turning roughly to keep the covers intact but still manage eye contact at the same time. The small glimpse of sadness in the Alpha's usually blank gaze had the small girl moving closer, a weak smile pulling at her lips. "He's still watching over you, you know? You and Bran." It amazed Farrah how such a beaten twelve year-old could still find the spirit to encourage others; just thinking about it had her fingers gently tugging at one of the golden curls near Marigold's ear. "I don't think Bran sees it that way," her voice was quiet, hushed, unlike any other time she spoke, and it was only Marigold who had ever seen her this way. "Brannock isn't an idiot. He knows what is right, and no matter what he may convey there is always going to be a part of him that is concerned about you." Hope filled her tiny blue eyes, and it unknowingly had a grin stretching Farrah's lips while she settled them in for the night. "You need sleep little one. We have one more day, and then there will be another Reaping." The word tasted bitter on her tongue, and she was almost about to spit in disgust when a small nose nuzzled in between her shoulder blades as she laid on her side. The gesture was unfamiliar, normally they slept a distance apart, but the change was welcome. She didn't quite know it yet, but Farrah would need that moment of comfort much more than she would come to realize. The morning started off the same, preparing for work with a small breakfast before seeing Brannock off to his own job down at the pier. After nights spent with Farrah, Marigold would often accompany her to work also, to learn the skills necessary for work in District Four, not that the older teen ever minded. The company was also welcome, considering she spent the long hours of her days in a small boat all by herself reeling in hooks attached to a long line that surrounded the shore. After pushing the old wooden raft out into the water, Farrah loaded all that was necessary on board while challenging Marigold to see if she could climb up on her own. Today the child seemed to possess more strength in her full arm than she did most days, and pulled herself into the seat at the end of the short boat, already balancing an empty basket in her lap, ready for the fish. Now in the light, the bruise on Marigold's cheek was visible and stretched from under her left eye to the end of cheek bone. Anger was Farrah's immediate response, and without being able to do anything on the small piece of wood, she heaved herself into her work. Before either of them knew it, the sun was starting to set, and the basket that was once empty held at least a dozen fish. Ripping the hook from another's fish jaw, she threw it back to Marigold behind her, ignoring the pain that tore into her shoulders as she leant back over to start pulling the line again. Countless scars covered Farrah's flesh, from the numerous scrapes on her feet caused by the hooks laying around the boat's deck, to the deep gashes where full hooks had gotten caught in her hands or arms. Most of them were from her first days aboard, she rarely even nicked herself now, but the little reminders stood out for all to see when she wasn't wearing things to hide them. None of them would even exist if she hadn't had to start working for the fishing companies of District Four, but that was too long of a story to indulge in at the current moment. "It looks like it's going to storm," Marigold sounded from her seat, staring narrowly at the sky now overcome with dark rain clouds. "That it does," Farrah released with a heavy breath, "We should start on our way back. Tie up the basket, and help me drop the line." Their routine together was flawless, for both of the girls knew what to do as they'd done it countless times, and they were able to return to shore before the first drop of rain had hit the ground. Once logging their numbers in for the day with the men at the docks, the two started in the direction of housing on the other side of the District. "What do you think will happen tomorrow Farrah?" There it was, the question she had been dreading, and the look crossing Marigold's face made it clear she needed to find a satisfactory answer in order to keep the little one from worrying too much. "You won't get picked. This is your first time ever being entered, and your chances are already slim to none." She meant it. As far as she knew,