Annabeth Pov: I silently sat next to my brother, Malcolm, Katie Gardner, and Miranda Gardner. I fidgeted at I tried to stay calm. Key word: TRIED. I couldn't help it; today was the day of our aptitude test. It tells you what faction you have the aptitude for, obliviously. My brother would probably get Abnegation, and he's about ten months older than me. He was born in January, and I was born in October. Malcolm was the perfect Abnegation; He always helped and was selfless. I wasn't like him; I wish I was. He had Mother's black hair, silver-gray eyes with her medium height built, and bone structure. The only difference was he had a square jaw and was a boy. I had our father's blonde hair, his tan, and his laugh and smile. I was like him but a girl with softer features, a short built, and Mother's eyes. Our mother, Athena Chase, was amazing and selfless, just like Caleb, and our dad was selfless and the great leader. He was second only to Gabriel Ugliano, leader of Abnegation and the government. Gabriel was around forty-six years old with mostly gray,with a little black, hair, a tall, slight stomach sticking out, built, and sea-green eyes. He was a perfect leader and a little strict yet nice guy. Abnegation was a community of selfless people that wore plain, gray, modest clothes, have a plain watch, had plain houses, and plain food. They worked running the government. Candor was honest people that were our lawyers and judges; they wore black and white. They often spoke their mind. Erudite were filled with smart people that wore blue and were our doctors, teachers, and other similar jobs. Amity was filled with people who wore red and yellow; they farmed and grew food. They were friendly and peaceful. Dauntless was awesome; they wore black and maroon; they were brave and fearless and our protectors. Miranda and Katie were my only friends, besides Malcolm. But it was sort of awkward, because Malcolm and Miranda liked each other. Katie and Miranda were also sibling that shared a medium built with long, pretty brown hair and sparkling green eyes. They were kind, patient, and selfless; it would be no surprise if they were both Abnegation and Amity on their aptitude tests. "Annabeth and Malcolm Chase." Hearing my name shocked me out of my thoughts, and I quickly got up and followed my brother. I looked up at him, trying to stop my shaking hands. He smiled warmly at me, and I smiled back. Good Luck, I mouthed to him. Thanks, you too. He mouthed back before following a man in to a room for the test. "Come on. Follow me." said a woman with black hair and dark brown eyes. She was obviously from Dauntless with her leather jacket and dark colors, plus what looked like a tattoo. I followed her, taking deep breaths to relax myself. I looked at the room. It was plain with only a chair, a tray connected to it, and a computer. I watched as she injected me with a serum. I watched as the blue liquid left it. I then abruptly closed my eyes. I found myself next to a woman that pointed at a knife and meat. "Choose." She said. I didn't know what to do. I finally figured it out when she disappeared. Oh, no. I looked around to see a growling German shepherd. It chased me, and I ran quickly realizing the meat or the knife would come in handy right about now. My heart beat frantically against my chest as I ran and fell. Opps. I looked up frightened to see a cute puppy. "You're not so bad after all." I chuckled relieved. "Puppy!" I turned around to see a little girl that looked like me when I was four. Strange, but I had no time to ponder it. The growling dog was back, and it chased her. She cried terrified and ran, but she wasn't be fast enough. Without a second thought, I ran and took down the dog. The dog and I went through the floor. I didn't see the girl or the dog anymore. I found myself on a bus next to a middle aged man holding up a newspaper. "Do you know this man?" he asks as he points to the man on the front of the newspaper. "No, I don't." I lied. The man in the article looked familiar, but I wouldn't tell him that. "You can save me if you know him." he said. "Sorry, I don't know him." I lied. I woke up in the chair in the room with the dauntless lady at the computer. She looked at me as I sat up. "Your results are inconclusive." She said. "Impossible." I said. "Not impossible, but it is extremely rare. Your results are Dauntless, Abnegation, and Erudite. Not Candor or Amity though, Candor was marked out when you lied to the man, and Amity because you weren't friendly. But Abnegation also values honesty. I had to fix the test to add in the last part on the bus." She said. I was still shocked. She looked at me seriously, straight in the eye, and said "Do not repeat this to anyone." I nodded. "You're a divergent. You do not fit in a faction and cannot be controlled. You are dangerous to the system. My advice is to choose a faction and does well enough to get a good job, but not too well that they notice you too much. If anyone asks, you got sick from the serum so you were sent home early." She whispered to me. I get out the chair to leave, but stop in the middle of the room. "What's your name?" I ask. "Tori, now go." Tori said. I exited the room nervously. Annabeth walked home thinking about what Tori had told her. She was a Divergent. She was dangerous and to tell no one. Annabeth sighed. Why couldn't she have been normal? After all, the test had told her three factions instead of one. She wondered which one she would pick tomorrow at the Choosing Ceremony. She was so lost in her thought she didn't see the factionless man in the alley next to shaggy, rundown house. "Do you have any food?" He asked. Annabeth looked up to see a dirty man with blonde that was peppered with gray hair that was plastered to his forehead with sweat and clear, sky blue eyes with a little taller that medium height. She gave him the dried fruit in her small, gay bag. "Thank you." He said as he took it. "How old are you?" He asked. "Sixteen." I replied. "What were you results on the aptitude test?" He asked. "I can't test anybody". I said. "You can trust me. I won't tell anyone." He said. "I won't." I said firmly. "Fine," He said," But at least, I'm not tied down by a faction." "But you're poor and have to depend on others." I argued. What's wrong with factions? "Think about it." He said. He smiled and walked in to his house. Annabeth walked home silently, until Malcolm caught up with her. "Why did you get out so early?" asked Malcolm. "I got sick from the serum." I lied. Please don't see through my lies. I prayed silently in my head. "I don't believe you." He said. But he never brought it up while they prepared dinner. Dinner tonight was chicken, canned green beans, and dinner rolls with milk. Our parents got home soon after we set the table and had served up dinner on our plates. "How was it?" asked Father. "It was good." replied Malcolm. He then looked at me and silently asked what are you going to say? "I got sick from the serum and was sent home early." I said. My parents quickly exchanged a look from across the table. I wonder why. "Did you know about the article the Erudites wrote about Gabe?" Father asked. Mother, Malcolm, and I shook our heads. "They said that the reason his son left Abnegation was to avoid beating from Gabe's belt. He had a hard day today." Father told us. "We all know Gabe would never do that." said Mother as she hugged Father. I watched as they showed affection for each other, which was pretty rare. After all, we did live in Abnegation where there were strict rules on affection, dating, and marriage. I was angry about the article. It was revenge from the faction Erudite. Our factions never got along anymore. "We love you no matter which faction you chose." says Mother and Father who are both smiling. We hug and smile at each other before heading to bed. I under my covers, wondering what tomorrow would bring. Little did I know what was in store for me... VvV This morning was a blur after I woke up and got dressed. I walked down stairs slowly before getting my food and sitting down to eat. I remember feeling nervous as I ate breakfast with my family. My mother gave me a genuine smile to calm my nerves that she could clearly see. I had given her a pained smile before shoving my food down my throat. I was so nervous and apprehensive about the Ceremony that I could barely eat, but I shoved it down anyways. My throat hurt as my heat pounded against my chest and butterflies fluttered in my stomach. So much for being confident and excited... I forced myself to smile and used good posture to look happy and confident. Malcolm looked at me and mouthed are you okay? Well, I guess I don't look happy. My father told us not to worry about it and squeezed my shoulder to reassure me. After breakfast, Malcolm and I went back up stairs to brush our teeth. "Are you okay?" Malcolm asked again with a concerned tone. "I'm alright." I lied with a forced smile. Malcolm sighed. "Annie-" He began. "Malcolm, don't call me that." I said while mustering up the scariest face I could make. "Okay, okay I won't call you Annie, Miss Princess." laughed Malcolm as he held up his hands in surrender. I shot him another I-will-kill-you-for-that expression again with my eyes narrowing. "Whatever, Oh so great Ruler of Toilets." I replied with a smirk. "Hey! You said you wouldn't mention that!" pouted Malcolm. "Well, I did." I said in triumph. Malcolm rolled his eyes before brushing his teeth and going down stairs. I smiled before following his lead. No matter what happened he would always be my big brother. Our parents, Ruler of the Toilets, and I walked to the bus stop. We all loaded up as we silently waited to get to the place where the Ceremony would be held in: Abnegation. This year Gabe would be calling our names. I dread the Ceremony; after all I didn't know what to do. If I had to choose a different faction, it would be Dauntless. But I'm going to chose Abnegation with my brother and other sixteen year old Abnegation initiations. I would stick with my faction that I knew. My parents, Malcolm, and I sat in the sixteenth row away from the stage. The order was alphabetically by last name, because Malcolm and I had the same last name my parents had decided the older one would go first. I would be called after Malcolm. I tried not to squirm in my seat as my throat went dry from anticipation. I could hear Gabe walking up the steps to give the usual speech. "My name's Gabriel Ugliano." He said in to the microphone. "The reason we are all gathered here today is for the initiation of our sixteen year old children. They will choose one of the five factions by cutting their hand with the knife up here and dropping the blood in the bowl of