A/N - Updated 2/12/17. Thanks to sonotawriter for betaing. Notes about my Headcanon/Story choices at the bottom for those interested or who have questions. Neville and the Do-Over Chapter 1 – All is Lost (May 2nd, 1998.) Neville walked the grounds around the castle. His tired face, dirty and sad. He kicked the rubble as he walked - thinking. Everyone was in the Great Hall; crying and laughing over the dead. He couldn't stand it, he understood that they were happy to be alive and happy the war was over, but so many were dead – too many were dead. His left hand fiddled with the contents of his pocket, tracing the grooves in the metal tube he had carried with him for so long. He could go back, he could save so many lives, if only he had the nerve. The faces of the dead haunted him, especially the students – his friends - like Colin and Nigel. They had grown into a family: hiding and planning in the Come and Go Room; fighting the Carrows, fighting for each other and for those who could not fight for themselves. Now they were shattered – over half of them were dead and the rest were little more than shells (their eye's clouded and empty). They had looked to him, he had led them, and now he had failed them all. It was hard to know which death troubled him the most. Lavender's death was the worst – Greyback was a true monster. He had never been fond of Lavender, until the last few months, but even if she hadn't bloomed into a true Gryffindor in this last year (someone he respected - that they all respected), she still wouldn't have deserved her death - he couldn't think of anyone that did (beyond perhaps Voldemort, Bellatrix or Greyback himself). Then there was Fred – his death was like the death of joy from the world. Sure, he had never been close with Fred or George (he couldn't even tell them apart, but even their family struggled with that – which the twins had loved), but then in a way, everyone was close to Fred and George – that was just the Weasley twins. Just running their joke shop had done so much for the war effort; they might as well have been selling hope by the bottle. Lupin and his Auror bride (he felt bad that he couldn't remember her name from when Lupin had mentioned her by name, before a PotterWatch broadcast) they were likely the saddest of the deaths. He hadn't seen the Professor much and never met his Auror wife (at least not that he knew of), but he found their deaths hard to stomach. He empathized with their child - of who he didn't even know the name, but who would now be orphaned having no memory of his parents (only having the stories of others and the knowledge that they had died fighting for what was right - yes, that he could relate to quite easily). ' And that was just one Battle ', he thought to himself, trying to shake the thought from his mind. Countless lives had ended in the two wars with Voldemort, he knew he couldn't save them all. There were thousands dead at the Dark Lord's hands, but even if he could only save a fraction of them - even if he could only save those who had died this day - he had to try. Didn't he? Try to stop the years of death and sorrow that was the second war – as if the first hadn't been bad enough. His nail slipped over the metal grooves, making a soft clicking at each nail moved down to the next groove on the tube. Maybe he was just selfish and was justifying it all to himself. Maybe, but then maybe he didn't care. He couldn't live like this, he couldn't just do nothing when he had the choice. The last years had changed him, the war had changed him, he wasn't afraid anymore (he wouldn't have made it if he was). He could go back to that Halloween all those years ago. He would have to let James and Lily Potter die - if they didn't then the Dark Lord would continue to ravage the world, and he needed that time with him gone, to keep him from coming back (or at least set up an ambush when he did come back). No, he couldn't save Harry's parents, and he hoped Harry would understand, but he could keep Sirius Black out of Azkaban so that Harry wouldn't have to live with his Aunt and Uncle. Yes, he could do that much for Harry. Then he would stop the attack on his parents, and use them to get into the Order. He would tell Dumbledore everything and fight in the Order until Voldemort was gone for good (or until he himself was killed). He could do that much, he could make sure this day never happened. Making his way back into the castle, he had decided he wasn't going to debate himself any longer, and that he was going to need some things. He made his way to the 7th floor, and to the Room of Requirement. Wondering, at first, what he should ask the room to be, he paused in thought. Upon deciding, he noticed the door forming more slowly than usual, and on entering the room, he felt the room seemed weak somehow. He touched the cool wall and frowned, he had come to be quite fond of the Come and Go Room. ' Maybe it suffered with the school' . The room was small, and empty beside a small table in the middle with various items. Inspecting the table he found a book bag, which on further inspection he found had an Undetectable Extension Charm on the small inside pocket. He dropped the strap of the bag onto his shoulder and moved on to the other items on the table. A roughly folded bundle, that felt like silk was his next find – an invisibility cloak. The rest of the items looked a lot like the things Moody had in his office (or rather, things that the fake Moody had in his office). He wondered if it was his request or the room that gave such a small result but decided not to try again so that he would not risk hurting the room. He wandered down to the Dungeons to Snape's personal stores, just off of the old Potions classroom (neither of which had Slughorn taken over with the class – saying the dungeons were too depressing). Out in the greenhouse, he took anything that could be useful for his plan (he would have to travel unseen as he waited to follow Sirius Black from the Potters on Halloween night, and he would likely need to stay hidden as he made sure Pettigrew didn't get away this time, and until he saved his parents - after that he'd leave it up to Dumbledore). Standing outside the Greenhouse, he took a quick look at his new bag, with only the Invisibility Cloak in the main pocket, he pondered the items he had found. The cloak might not even work that well, even if there was nothing wrong with the room (they had a limited life – the Spell needed mending overtime, or the enchantment would fade). Unsure where to go, he decided to go have a little talk with the House Elves. Students mostly seemed to think of the House Elves only when they were hungry – but they could do so much more. On his way back into the castle, he didn't notice the three figures in the distance, that seems to stop and watch him as he walked off with purpose and determination. He hurried through the castle to the kitchens, careful to avoid the mass of people in the Great Hall. Those that did see him gave him a weak smile, and one even squeezed his shoulder as they passed. Finally, at the painting to the kitchens, he tickled the pear until it giggled. On entering the kitchens, he saw the House Elves were having their own celebration – at least half of them were, while the other half worked and shot them disapproving glances. A couple of the working elves hurried up to him, asking if he was hungry and demanding to know when everyone was going to eat. "I-I'd guess most will just want to go to bed after today." They glared at him, and he swallowed hard, desperate to think of something. "But I'm sure they would be thankful if they found some sandwiches or something in their Common Rooms or Dorms." He added. Two seemed happier with this, but one still eyed him. "And … and if there was Pumpkin Juice and Butter Beer..." The elf's stare lessened, "and... dessert," he tried and relaxed when the elf almost looked happy. "Yeah, dessert in little bowls with a spoon, so people can eat it in bed... that would be really great." Now pleased, the elf bowed low and left with one of the other elves (leaving him in the hands of the spindly elf in an immaculate tea towel with the Hogwarts crest on it). "Is Master wanting some food?" She chirped hopefully (at least he guessed by the higher pitched voice that the elf was female). "Yea... is there" He paused, "any food, that would stay good for a long time in my bag, without me needing to charm it to stay good?" "Wemsi is finding it, sir." Wemsi bowed quickly and left with a crack. Neville sat on one of the several tiny chairs, to wait. After only a few moments, Wemsi was back with a platter of what looked like square oatmeal cookies. "Trav'lers Treats, Sir!" She presented proudly. "Not be stale or rotting sir, and tastes like what you be wanting the most, sir." "Wow! Thanks, Wemsi." "My pleasures, sir." The elf beamed. "Can I be serving you some mores, sir?" "There wouldn't be a book with like every piece of magic one could want for a long journey? A journey that will likely involve staying out of sight with little food or shelter. Would there happen to be such a book?" "No sir, but these" CRACK! A stack of books as tall as Wemsi appeared, "would be helping sir." Neville beamed at the elf, who stood proudly, and neither noticed as the painting to the kitchen cracked open. Neville piled the books into his bag. "Anything else sir is needing for his journey?" The elf said hopefully. "Can you tell me if this Invisibility Cloak is fully functional?" He handed the bundle of smooth fabric over, and the elf took it into her spindly hands. "I makes it to, sir." The elf snapped her fingers over the bundle, before handing it back with a nod. "Thank you, Wemsi – I'll always remember you." Neville said before the elf could ask to help more. "You should step back now. Thank you again." Neville smiled kindly at the elf, hoping she didn't take his advice as an insult. He put the cloak around him but did not pull it closed. His shaky hand pulled the metal tube from his pocket, "Time to go," he muttered to himself, holding the tube in both hands, "goodbye Hogwarts." He said looking sadly around the kitchen, but missing the brown eyes watching him from the door. "Goodbye, Wemsi." Looking down at the tube in his hands he let out a long breath and turned the two ends of the tube in opposite directions. Click, Click, Click. "Neville!" He jerked ( Click, Click ) to look at the voice in Horror. Bushy brown hair and tattered clothes charged him. "What do you -" "I'm sorry, Hermione!" His eyes were sad but determined. "I have to."