TITLE: Lord of the RingsInterrupted! AUTHORS: Me and Her RATING: PG-13 to R for Language and Situations DISCLAIMER: The only things we own are ourselves ; WARNINGS: Fluff, AU, maybe Mary-Sue (don't worry, it's us, just not us, you know?), H/C, Minor Character deaths AUTHOR'S NOTE: I just wanted to say I'm sorry for the horrible delay on posts. I've just been really busy, what with graduating high school and other such real life dilemmas. But I'm back, and I'll hopefully get the sequel up soon (and yes, there is a sequel). smooch Gandalf led his small group across the land toward Isengard. Behind him, Aragorn rode with Gimli clinging on uncertainly to his back, Legolas talked to Lady Kara who shared a horse with him, and Boromir grimaced as his horse took a particularly jerky step, only to be comforted by Lady Megan who sat behind him. King Theoden sat astride his own steed and conversed with Eomer. They rode into the night, some falling asleep in their saddles, Meg and Kara were fortunate to have the strong shoulders of familiar men to pose as pillows. When Gandalf finally called them to rest, the group stumbled about without protest. Awaking early that morning, Meg and Kara looked around to see the White Rider standing alone on a small knoll gazing at the distant tower. Without waking the others, they got up and walked over to him. "Good morning, Ladies. I trust you slept well?" "We did," Kara replied. "Do you think we'll get there today?" Megan asked. Gandalf wore a small smile. "Why is it you want to know how quickly we will arrive?" He glanced at her. "I want to see an Ent," Meg replied. "I wished we could have seen the battle, I bet it would have been a sight and a half." "I do not completely understand your words, but I think I understand your meaning. Yes, it would have been an awesome sight." He turned to look at them. "Correct me if I am wrong, but I seem to think you have had a falling out with King Theoden. Does he know of your strange gift?" The girls nodded in confirmation. "I see," Gandalf said pensively. "Has no one told him of the importance of secrecy in these matters?" "No, but how did you know King Theoden was angry with us?" Kara questioned. "I have seen the way he glares at you when he thinks no one is looking. I believe he is trying to place you in our futures and he does not see how you fit. I will warn him to keep your secret, I do not think he would spare time or an ear to listen to either of you." The girls nodded. "It's just like I imagined," Meg commented of the tower. Gandalf smiled. "Yes, but now, we must go for we do not have all the time in the world to spare." They rode up towards the gates of Isengard, smiling in surprise when they saw Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took sitting atop the gates, smoking, drinking, and eating. It was an amusing sight, and a refreshing one. After picking them up they continued onward toward the tower of Orthanc. Treebeard awaited them. When Megan saw the Ent she grinned. "You are so cool!" she called to him. "Hmm?" "It's a compliment," Kara assured him. "It means... Majestic!" "Oh... Well then, Young Master Gandalf..." Kara stopped listening, focussing on Pippin. She wondered whether or not to stop the hobbit from taking what she knew he was looking at. In the end she knew that he would have to. It would set off a chain of events that would lead to Gondor's eventual victory. Sitting on the horse Kara looked around, then gasped as a vision took her. Arrows buzzed by overhead. Bodies lay strewn about the ground around them, the eyes of slain innocents staring forever into oblivion. Legolas was regaining his balance, an Oliphaunt had fallen. A painted man with wild eyes stood behind him, raised his sword... Legolas' eyes were opened wide in surprise, a look of horror and shock filled his paling features. The image flickered, a long wound with spreading blood soaked Elvish clothing. Kara snapped back to reality and looked over at Meg. She seemed to have seen the same thing. Her eyes were wide and her face pale, as Kara knew her own to be. Legolas had turned in the saddle to look at her. "Kara? Are you ill?" The Elf asked. "Huh?" "I've said your name several times now, and only this once have you responded. You're not ill are you?" "Ill? No I'm... I'm fine." She looked at Megan, who was finally composing herself. When she looked around she saw that they were on their way back to Edoras. It would take several days she knew, enough time where she would be by herself at night to think about that vision. Legolas would get injured, that much was obvious. And she practically knew when too, she had to make sure that it didn't happen. As they rode she sighed and rested her head on his shoulder blade. Her mind was whirling and she was beginning to get a headache. Legolas couldn't get hurt, he was needed for the fight at Barad-Dur. With another sigh Kara let herself relax. After much travel they reached Edoras, where Kara and Meg received hot baths and proper beds. They felt cleaner beyond words, having used more of the Elvish gel that the Lorien Elves had used that first time. The people were congregated in Meduseld to feast in honour of the victorious dead. Legolas stood near Kara, still concerned about the episode at Isengard. He wished to ensure that she was indeed not ill, but she would not tell him the true cause, and so he could not help her. Meg stayed near Boromir, the Man of Gondor required to sit in a chair to abate the throbbing in his leg. The redhead wished to keep him company and his spirits high. Not being able to walk without help was indeed demeaning - especially for a man with dignity such as Boromir's. Aragorn was stared after by Eowyn. The woman seemed more taken with him than Legolas was with Kara. Aragorn, on the other hand, allowed her to pursue her own pipe dreams. The teens saw that as all but leading her on, though Aragorn seemed to think it nothing more than childish hero-worship. Gimli and Gandalf seemed to decide it best to stay by themselves, though the dwarf had a tendency to migrate towards a table on which Merry and Pippin danced happily. At some point during the festival Aragorn and Gandalf stood side by side, talking quietly to each other. Kara knew they were talking about Frodo. She watched as Megan, drunk and stumbling, walked over to them. "What does your heart tell you?" Aragorn asked quietly. Megan leaned heavily on their shoulders. "Wise words," she slurred. She looked at Gandalf. "And what do you say?" "They're alive," Gandalf answered, trying his hardest to ignore the drunk teen hanging off his shoulder. Megan looked at the wizard. "Good answer." Her gaze fell on Kara. "I love this place." Kara and Aragorn shared a look that plainly said: "Dear God shoot her now." Gandalf shook his head. "It appears that the ale hits some harder than others. Lady Kara, I suggest that you keep her away from it from here on out." "No problem," Kara replied. "Besides, I have a feeling her head isn't going to enjoy sound or light too much in the morning." "Indeed," the wizard agreed, a slight smile. "With luck she will learn from the experience." The party continued on, the temperature in the grand room slowly rising with the volume as more and more ale was consumed. Finally, Kara decided it was the perfect time to turn in. She took Megan by the arm and led them to the broken Fellowship's quarters. Megan stumbled along, head buzzing with a hum only she could hear, the corridors lurched around her. She fell into her bed holding her turning stomach. Kara threw a blanket over her. "Good night, you idiot. We'll see who's laughing and having a wonderful time tomorrow. If you ever do this again, it's not going to be me that takes care of you. Irish blood indeed..." Meg replied with a long groan. "I'm gonna be sick." "Not in here, you aren't. Go to sleep." The girl flopped over, breathing heavily as Kara climbed into her own bed and fell asleep before her head hit the pillow. She awoke not two hours later to Merry's frantic screams. "Help!" He cried looking terrified at Pippin. Megan rolled off the bed once again, adding her own shouts. "What happened?" "Pippin!" Merry yelped as his cousin convulsed on the floor in front of him. His hands seemed to be burning and holding a fiery looking glass ball. Kara gasped when she realised it was the Palantir. She heard the door burst open as Aragorn and Legolas rushed in, Aragorn reaching for the wildly shuddering hobbit and pulling the Palantir from his grasp. Immediately, Aragorns eyes rolled back in his head and he came crashing to the floor as Legolas grabbed him. Gandalf awoke suddenly and threw a blanket over the glass ball, just as the flames began to recede. Boromir stood up, but yelped painfully and let himself fall into a sitting position on his pallet. "Fool of a Took!" Gandalf roared. He rushed over, shoving Merry out of the way. Taking his hand and touching the side of his face Gandalf whispered something indiscernible. Pippin woke with a gasp. "Look at me," Gandalf whispered. "Gandalf," he whispered brokenly. "Oh, forgive me." "What did you see?" Gandalf asked. "I saw... A tree," Pippin answered. "There was a white tree... In a courtyard of stone. It was dead. The city was burning." "Minas Tirith? Is that what you saw?" "I saw... I saw him! I could hear his voice in my head." "What did you tell him?" Gandalf asked then. "Speak!" he added when Pippin tried to turn away. "He asked me my name," Pippin said. "I didn't answer. He heard me!" "What did you tell him about the Ring?" The next morning they stood in Meduseld, and Gandalf spoke to them. "There was no lie in Pippin's eyes," the wizard told them. "A fool... But an honest fool he remains. He told Sauron nothing of Frodo and the Ring. We've been strangely fortunate. Pippin saw in the Palantir a glimpse of the enemy's plan. Sauron moves to strike the city of Minas Tirith." Aragorn and Boromir both tensed, as did the teens. Both girls knew that the battle fought there was the one correspondent with their vision. Legolas would be wounded then. They looked at each other grimly as Gandalf continued. "His defeat at Helm's Deep showed our enemy one thing, he knows the heir of Elendil has come forth, Men are not as weak as he supposed, there is courage still. Strength, enough perhaps to challenge him. He will not risk the peoples of Middle Earth uniting under one banner. He will raze Mina Tirith to the ground before he sees a king return to the throne of Men. If the beacons of Gondor are lit, Rohan must be ready for war." "Tell me," Theoden replied. "Why should we ride to the aid of those who did not come to ours? What do we owe Gondor?" "I will go," Aragorn murmured. "No," Gandalf denied. "They must be warned," the ranger argued. "They will be," the White wizard assured him. Gandalf stepped close to the ranger and began whispering. "You must come to Minas Tirith by another road. Follow the river. Look to the Black Ships." He turned then and spoke to the others. "Understand this: things are now in motion that