AN: This was actually supposed to come out in May...I know, I'm horrible. Anyway, read and review but most of all ENJOY! P.S. Yes IniTiniNini, Jack and Maddie are all yours. I was already in bed when a ping alerted me of receiving a new message. Without looking away from the episode of Criminal Minds that I had put on earlier, I stretched towards my bedside table and brought my phone to my line of vision. Please don't tell me that you're already asleep.-J I paused the show and quickly typed back a response. Not yet. CM marathon, why?-P I turned to the screen again and laughed out loud at the frozen image of Hotch's funny face. My phone buzzed, earning my attention again. You're such a nerd. It's barely eleven on a Saturday evening!-J Says the Game of thrones' biggest fanboy alive. And what happened with your 'date'?-P Her mom picked her up…-J I couldn't help it, I burst out laughing. Hard. Sure, I was pathetic for not having anything to do on a Saturday night but having your mom pick you up from a date? Dude, we're in college, not kindergarten! Lol, feeling old already Sparky?-P Oh ha-ha. And this from my best friend? I'm profoundly wounded!-J You're a drama queen!-P Which reminds me, Sherlock for our movie night on Friday?-J I shook my head. He was trying to distract me so I could stop teasing him. Fat chance of that ever happening and he should know better but I decided to let it slide for now. It would be much better to laugh at him when I could see his face. Yep. Sure you'll be free though?-P Friday is our day McQueen, wouldn't trade you for a chick. ;)-J McQueen, I'm a girl too you know.-P We're best friends therefore you are with priority.-J My fingers paused before typing a response while I stared at the text. Thoughts and emotions that I didn't want swirled in me for a few seconds before I shook my head and restarted the episode I was watching before. I hoped that my response hadn't come with a noticeable delay or if so, that he hadn't noticed. I'm honored. CM's calling to me, see ya!-P And left alone again, thanks Piper. Night. :)-J I put my phone away again and stared at the screen, not able to fully concentrate. Not that it was something new or anything but that's what it made it all the more frustrating. But maybe I should explain first? Jason and I? Yeah, we're best friends since…third grade if I'm not mistaken. We met on my first day at the school in L.A.. I've just moved in town with my dad so he can work on his acting career and he wasn't around much, leaving me with the nanny when his agent called for him. It was a little hard to get used to not always be with him but I met new people at school and became really close friends with Jason so it was manageable. By the end of the school year and the start of the next we were practically joined at the hip. We went at the same high school after that and even though he was a year older, he never ditched me. We grew up together which meant that when he started to get interested in girls, I was the only one that he wasn't looking at as a potential girlfriend. It was the same with me when it came down to boys. Don't get me wrong, he was a pretty good-looking teenager, smart and cute and all that jazz but he was a player back then. The only thing that didn't drive me away from him was the fact that his personality didn't change all that much. He was still the same kind and funny guy I had befriended. I often teased him that he'll never settle that way and he teased me that I wasn't going to either if I continued being alone. But it wasn't my fault that the guys from school were either jerks, already taken or completely immature to the point of still organazing battles with paper airplanes at the age of seventeen. The change for me came at the end of high school when Jason invited me to be his prom date. It was his idea and we both agreed that it would be cool to go as friends but when he invited me for the first dance of the night, something in me just snapped. And suddenly I was a stumbling, blushing mess in his arms and he was all sweet smiles and hushed speaking in my ear while dancing. I didn't know where all the queasiness in my stomach came from but I didn't like it. If I had to describe my messed up feelings with one word it would be bittersweet. Sure, it felt very good to be his best friend. Jason was loyal and honest. He was always there when I needed him and it went both ways. I'd always loved the security of knowing that no matter what, if I called him he would pick up. He was able to make me laugh when I was in the mood for crying or be serious when the situation wanted it. He was always there. On the other hand, knowing that I'm friendzoned for all eternity was depressing sometimes. Looking at some of the girls he dated through the years, I was wondering why I wasn't good enough? It made me question myself on so many levels when it came to physical appearance that I always tried to avoid being alone and thinking about him like that, like he could ever be more than my best friend. All in all, it was bad. I had a crush on my best friend. Our friendship was too important to me so I've swore to myself that whatever happens, I'll never admit these feelings to him. I didn't notice when I've drifted off to sleep until my phone blared in the morning. I felt so exhausted that I barely managed to reach the offending device and, after accepting the call, to put it on my cheek so I wouldn't need to hold it with my hand. ''Ugh.'' I grunted into the speaker in a way of greeting to which I only heard a snort. ''Good morning to you too Pipes.'' Jason's voice made me finally open my eyes just to realize that I had fallen asleep still propped up on the headboard of my bed. My back cracked loudly as I tried to straighten up from the awkward position I had slept in and I winced at how sore I felt. This day wasn't starting very well. ''Yeah, hi. What did I miss?'' I finally managed to croak out and winced once again at the sound of my voice. Why was it that when I woke up, I always sounded like an old smoker with a sore throat? I tried to clear my voice without making too much noise. ''Not much, I was just wondering if you were free for breakfast. I need an advice about my presentation and you popped in my mind first.'' He explained casually and I could very well imagine him grinning. ''Gee, I wonder why that is?'' I said sarcastically while awkwardly climbing out of bed. ''Does it happen to have anything to do with my creative writing classes?'' ''You know me, I always opt for the best.'' He said cheekily, his smile evident in his voice. ''So are you free?'' I laughed at that. ''As a bird, where do you wanna meet?'' ''Hestia's?'' I glanced at the time and grinned. Breakfast sounded like heaven, especially if it was in the form of homemade waffles. ''I'll meet you there in thirty.'' And with that we both ended the call. Time to get ready for the day. But first, I was going to hit the shower. Our business talk ended in the first fifteen minutes. Apparently, he had finished his presentation and only wanted me to read it one more time ''just in case''. I shook my head but didn't say anything. With him and Reyna both being valedictorians of their class it was hard to believe that he was dyslexic. ''All done.'' I announced after I've gone through the last slide of his work. ''No major mistakes, I think there were five in total. Not that I'm surprised.'' I rolled my eyes for good measure which earned me one of his goofy ear-to-ear grins that he hides for his friends only. ''I am that predictable?'' he asked, trying to come out as surprised but he's too bad of an actor. My grin widened and I leaned on the table to take a sip from my grapefruit juice, my eyes never leaving his. He leaned forwards too, pretending to be super nervous, waiting for my answer and I almost choke on my juice from laughing. I shake my head. ''No McQueen, I just know you that well.'' ''And still, you don't know all of me.'' He insisted, spoon out of the coffee mug and pointing at me. I snort again. ''And since when do you keep secrets from me Jace?'' I asked before chuckling lightly. When his response didn't come for a few seconds, I looked up at him again just to find him looking away, eyebrows scrunched and…was he actually blushing? I narrowed my eyes at him but the rosy colouring of his ears and neck had disappeared as fast as it had come. I shook my head. It was probably from the sun that was shining on him through the window. With his pale complexion it affected his skin in no time. But still, he hadn't said anything. ''Jason?'' ''Yeah?'' he suddenly looked back at me and smiled brightly, reassuring me that nothing was wrong. ''Sorry, I just zoned out for a little.'' And before I could say anything else, he had launched into another topic. ''So, today is Nico's birthday and I'm throwing a party for him at our place. You're officially invited.'' My brows shot up immediately. A party on Sunday evening? Pass. ''No can do Jase, I have classes tomorrow morning.'' I apologized. It wasn't as if I was going to miss much, Jason's roommate was an introvert and the few people that he knew I hadn't met. In fact, I was pretty sure that our only mutual acquaintance was Jason. ''Okay, first of all, I clearly remember you jumping up and down last week because that particular class you have first thing Monday morning was canceled.'' He confronted me with a serious expression. ''And second, I haven't seen you going out in so long! I'm starting to get worried for you Pipes.'' ''That's so not true, I went out with Annabeth for lunch on Friday! And it wasn't even in the library!'' I defended myself but it only seemed to amuse him. ''Annabeth is your roommate and lunch doesn't count. I'm talking about nightlife Mclean, dancing, drinking, having a good time in general…'' ''Gods, sometimes I really miss Mr. Goody-two-shoes from high school.'' I complained but he only laughed. ''Since when I keep you out of trouble?'' ''I haven't change that much!'' he pouted and I couldn't help but laugh. He noticed my reaction and I saw the gears turning up in his head. After a second my smile faltered. Damn him and his puppy dog face. It always made my determination waver and he knew it. That's exactly why he used it so rarely on me, ''so I won't get used to it'' as he loved to say. Truth was, I wasn't sure that I could ever get immune to this face. He just looked so cute and wounded, his blue eyes seeming almost watery…it always made me feel as if I had kicked a whole crate of puppies on my way to hell. ''Come