Definitely not historically related, this was supposed to come out on Valentine's day…well, at least it came out, right? It's pure JASPER though so I hope that this is a plus. Enjoy and review please! Jason gripped the railing until his knuckles turned white. He hated the sea. He wanted nothing more than to go back to his cabin below deck and try to forget that he was in the middle of Neptune's domain, praying for his uncle's mercy and hoping that he wouldn't sink their ship. But he couldn't show that kind of weakness, not when the crew was as nervous as him to sail. If only he could lift the whole ship in the air and fly it to the Greek lands…but he couldn't expose himself. A handful of people knew about his true parentage, that his father was Jupiter, god of the skies. And even though there were a lot of rumors about demigods, Jason was sure that if he was exposed as one he would be executed. Fear was more dangerous than anything else, the most dangerous weapon, his father had told him during their only meeting. ''Emperor Jason?'' he immediately straightened his posture before turning around to face one of his centurions. ''We have around an hour until we reach the shore.'' ''Very well. Inform me when land emerges on the horizon.'' He announced and after the centurion bowed, the emperor left the deck. Once in his cabin, he sat at the table and started rummaging through the various papers he had left scattered around earlier. He needed a distraction and her letter was a sure source. He had kept it with him for the last three weeks, since it arrived through his window one evening. An involuntary smile crossed his face as his fingers brushed the paper. He leaned back in his chair and opened the folded letter. I'm delighted to hear that you are preparing a peace treaty with Greece. I sincerely hope that you will find spare time that you could share with me. I long for your comfort now more than ever. War is coming and the only way to prevent it is not appealing to me at all. What I fear most is that I won't have any choice but to agree. But I will save that discussion for when I see you. Is it needed of me to say that I miss you? I wouldn't like to repeat myself but it's true every time. Love He missed her too. Oh, how he missed her! But there was not much he could do to see her sooner and she knew that perfectly well. Not that it made things any easier for either of them but at least he didn't feel pressured by her too. On the opposite, she was the force that calmed him every time. She was his escape. A knock on the door startled him out of his thoughts and he quickly tucked the letter under his toga before allowing whoever it was to enter. ''Emperor, Athens is on the horizon.'' Jason's eyes widened at the sight of who was to escort him to the Greek palace. ''It's very nice seeing you emperor.'' The young woman bowed lightly, but he didn't miss the grin she was trying so unsuccessfully to hide. ''King Perseus is apologizing for he couldn't come to greet you himself but we're in a quite complicated situation right now. I hope that I would be a good enough company for you until we reach the palace?'' Jason allowed himself to smile at the black-haired woman, his eyes shining just as much as hers in the afternoon sun. ''Only time will tell us, lieutenant.'' He answered before climbing on the offered horse and following the Greek ambassador. With a swift gesture, he ordered the people that would accompany him to the palace to stay a little behind them. He was eager to talk but he couldn't risk being overheard. As soon as they were out of earshot, he turned to the rider next to him. ''I didn't expect to see you here.'' The woman laughed. ''I missed you too.'' Her eyes then locked on his, forcing Jason to stare at her electric blue irises, identical to his own. ''You've grown up, little brother.'' ''It's been a while since we last saw each other Thalia.'' His smile was short-lasting. ''Are we arriving in an unappropriate time? I hear that Greece is likely to be in a war soon.'' Thalia sent her brother a suspicious glance before shaking her head and turning forward again. ''The Persians attacked three days ago. We managed to push them away…barely. Percy is forced to make a choice he isn't comfortable with but it's not like he can ignore it.'' She sighed. ''I wouldn't want to be in his place right now.'' Jason's brows furrowed. Almost on instinct, his fingers touched the spot on his chest where he could feel the folded piece of paper. Thalia's words sounded similar to what he had already read. Not that that was doing anything to answer his questions. He had the feeling that the answers will come soon and he wouldn't like the truth. They heard the metal clanking before they even reached the heavy doors, leading to the throne room of the palace. Jason exchanged a confused glance with Thalia before the two came closer and demanded to be let in by the guards. ''My apologies lady Thalia but the king gave strict orders to not let anyone in until further notice.'' The guard explained, seeming a little nervous. ''Emperor Jason and I are expected!'' Thalia almost yelled in disbelief. ''I'm sorry lady but…'' his words died in his throat when she narrowed her eyes at him. ''O-of course, come in lady Thalia.'' And with that the doors opened to reveal only two people in the room. ''I told you, I told you Percy!'' a woman in battle armor was yelling. ''He won't stop. Dylan will attack us whether we accept his proposal or not. He has no pride or sense of duty like you do!'' ''Don't you think that I know? I'm not willing to send you to the Persians as some kind of…an offering but we must stall until we think of something else. And in order to do that, you have to go visit…'' he was cut off by the end of her spear, landing hard on the granite floor. ''I'm not going there. I'd rather jump from Olympus!'' ''Percy?'' Thalia's voice sounded in the small gap of silence, startling the arguing pair and making them turn to them. Jason's breath caught in his throat but he tried not to show his emotions. He bowed quickly to the king and then to his female companion, not letting his eyes move away from her troubled ones. ''Ah, Emperor Jason, welcome.'' The king immediately left his spot to come closer and shake his guest's hand. ''I'm apologizing for not making it to the docks but I do hope that you had a pleasant voyage?'' Jason wrinkled his nose a little, averting his eyes from the girl's to Perseus. ''I wouldn't call it pleasant but it was smooth and eventless. I can't possibly ask for more.'' Perseus smiled nodding in understanding. ''So my father listened to me after all.'' He turned around to the girl standing farthest away from them. ''I'm also sorry that you had to be greeted by us arguing but I hope you understand that we're living in a difficult times. If I'm not mistaken, you're acquaintance with my cousin princess Piper?'' Jason's gaze turned to her once again. ''Yes, I believe we've met before.'' He was rewarded by a secretive smile, meant only for him, before she bowed. He couldn't keep his eyes off of her, drinking in the way her body looked in the bronze armor. She had told him that she was a warrior before, one of the high-ranked ones in the Greek army but he had never seen her ready for battle. She looked fierce yet elegant, something only she, the daughter of Aphrodite, could pull off. Oh yes, he had missed her alright. And he needed to see her in private soon. ''Welcome to Greece emperor. I do hope that your visit is for the best and that your stay here will be pleasant.'' Her head tilted slightly to the side and Jason caught the double meaning in the statement. I intend to make it pleasant for you too. ''I will leave you to discuss your business. I've been called in the training arena. Thalia, are you coming?'' The two girls took their leave and Piper went to shake Jason's hand. He felt a tiny slip of paper in her palm and gripped it before it could fall to the floor. As she left, he watched as her eyes lingered a little on him before sending one last glare at Percy. Then they were out. ''So, should we start the negotiations or do you prefer to eat something first?'' My chambers after midnight. Those were the words that she had to say to him. He didn't need more to fulfill her wish. It was, after all, his wish too. So after the three hours Jason spent with Percy, discussing the basics of their alliance, and then the feast that was held in the emperor's honor, he impatiently waited until midnight before making his way to her chambers. The guards in front of her door were probably expecting his arrival since they paid no attention as he neared and then knocked quickly before entering without waiting for permission. He found her standing by the open terrace door, her nightgown swirling around her body to the light night breeze. Her hair was let down in loose waves. She didn't turn around even though he was sure that she had heard him enter. ''You wanted to see me.'' He finally said, making a few steps closer to her unmoving form. ''And you didn't want to see me?'' her voice sounded soft in the silence. She turned a little so he was able to see only part of her face but it was enough for him to see the slight satisfied smile that was curling her lips. His steps grew bolder and in a heartbeat, he was standing right behind her and had encircled her toned body in his strong arms. His lips came in contact with the skin of her neck. ''You have no idea how much I've missed you Pipes.'' He whispered in her ear, earning a shiver from her. Her hands covered his across her stomach and she pressed herself into him more. He knew that something was wrong. Something was troubling her and judging by the conversation between her and the king earlier, it was something of great importance. ''Tell me, what is troubling you?'' She looked down to the sleeping Athens beneath. Jason had to wait a few minutes before she spoke again. ''I am to marry the prince of Persia in a few months.'' She announced in a grave voice, as if she was announcing her own execution. And in Jason's opinion it was equally bad. ''What?!'' his voice ricocheted off the walls of her room as he made a step back. She finally turned around and faced him, her face full of sadness and pain. ''No…you can't!'' ''I don't get to choose! It's either this, or immediate war!'' he could see the tears in her eyes now, shining and distracting him, making her eyes look even more colorful then they already were. ''Piper…'' he sighed, understanding downing on him. Seconds later, it was replaced with anger. Before she could say anything else, he roughly pulled her towards him, enveloping her in a tight embrace. ''I can't let you go princess, I just can't!'' ''What choice do we have?!'' her voice was muffled by his toga but it was clear that she was crying. ''Greece