Banner made by don'tcallmeleelee AN: this is an alternate universe. He has to be 16 to not break any sex laws in Washington State and she has to be 21 to be in a bar legally. But wolves still exist so it's not AH. Three thousand one hundred and sixty eight miles. Literally from one side of the country to the other. From Jacksonville, Florida to Forks, Washington. It would be so much quicker to fly but she has worked a lot of poorly paid jobs and scraped up every cent she had to buy this crappy second hand car and she is damned if she will leave it behind and get on a plane. The car was her independence and she isn't losing it or selling it. They are in this trip together. She and the car. It should take forty eight hours if she didn't stop at all, but hey, she is going to allow a week. Or maybe longer if she sees a sight worth stopping at. She just told her dad that he will see her when she gets there. The problem is that there kind of isn't anything she wants to do. She does look at a few touristy things but tourists always seem to come in pairs or families, and she is neither and the fact that she is neither still hurts. She reads her favourite books in her motel room at night and a couple of times she slept in her car when she couldn't get a room. Her father would have a fit if he heard about that. The drive allows her to think. She has moved out of the total zombie stage she went through for probably too long. Long enough to fail all her college classes when she couldn't seem to care enough to even get out of bed and go to final exams, let alone study for them. Her once faultless GPA cracked into little pieces. What does she have to think about? Kenneth Washington. He has an adorable southern drawl and abs to die for and a head of permanently tousled blond hair. And she loves him. He is smart and he plays lead guitar in a band. They had been together for years and they were the kind of couple that everyone pointed to as the example of the perfect couple. So, she had to think about where she went wrong. How could he have been cheating on her for so long and she had never noticed? She wasn't an idiot, but she felt like one now. And he did it with Cassie Richardson. Her best friend. Doing it with her best friend is bad enough. (And she has always thought they got on so well.) But worse, two other friends had to tell her about it; neither her boyfriend nor her alleged best friend had the guts to be honest with her. And worse still, as she sat there and had her still beating heart ripped out of her chest in a bleeding mass, she had to thank the friends for telling her. Thank them! For destroying her life! For a second she has the strongest impulse to hurt them. But a tiny part of her know they are telling her the truth. Not only have those two betrayed her, but they have done it in front of her friends. They have polarised her group of friends into two groups; one who thinks she doesn't know and the other who thinks she does know and is okay about it. What do her friends think of her? Do they really think she would put up with that? Yes. They do. Well, at least half of them do. She feels ashamed and she doesn't know why. And when they do have the awful, horrible screaming argument that Kenneth has so hoped to avoid, all he is worried about is Cassie. It is abundantly clear to her that he cares more for Cassie now than he has ever done for her. So that explains the zombie phase and the plummeting grades. She is now officially a college dropout. Her father Charlie is so proud. Not. Her mother is more fatalistic as she always is about life. Oddly, because Charlie insists that she phone him every night so that he knows she hasn't been kidnapped by the hook man or whatever serial killer is on the police bulletin board this month, they are talking more than they ever used to. Charlie tells her all about his new girlfriend, Sue Clearwater. Her husband, Harry, had been one of his best friends until a couple of years ago when he had died of a heart attack. He and Sue had spent so much time together after the funeral that they had started dating. It is funny to hear her father talk about dating, but he sounds really happy. As far as she knows, he hasn't done much dating at all since her mother has left. She wonders if he has held a flame for this woman for a while. She is glad for him and she tells him honestly, that she can't wait to meet Sue. But it scratches at her. The realization that he is happy and she is heartbroken. She has just crossed the state line into Washington and she makes the rational decision to get blind drunk and drown her sorrows. State road 904 ran right through Four Lakes, Washington. Population five hundred and twelve people. Jeez, it was even smaller than Forks. She supposes that she had better get used to small towns. The small community has its own post office, water district, and volunteer fire department or so the sign says. Not a lot of businesses, but it does have a convenience store, a hair salon and a tavern. Bingo. She pulls over and parks in the area of cleared gravel that served as the tavern parking lot. She has to show her ID to the bartender before he would pour her a vitamin R. Rainer beer. Her father's favourite. She doesn't drink beer often, it made her gassy, but in a small town like this they don't have a big range of more exotic drinks. The glasses are cold and the beer is fresh. The first one goes down quickly. The second is placed on the bar in front of her before she orders it. The barman jigs his head to a man sitting at the end of the bar to tell her who is paying. He sits sideways on his stool and leans his back against the wall. He is watching her, but not in a creepy way. She lifts the glass to him in a salute and he smiles at her. He has a beautiful smile; it lights up his face. She gives him a definite second look. He is Native American. That's not unusual around these parts. His hair is long, maybe shoulder length and tied back in a scrappy ponytail. Some bits of hair that are too short to fit in the tie hang around his face. He brushes them back with a palm and gives her a second look as well. She smiles at him and they simultaneously pick up their drinks and move to meet halfway. "Hi," he says. His voice, is deep and husky. He is extremely tall. "Hello." "My name is -" She cuts him off by putting her hand over his mouth. "No names," she hisses at him. His skin feels incredibly warm. He blinks at her. "Okay," he says when she lets him speak. "Are you a local?" she asks him. "See, that's a safe question. No names." "No. I just work on a farm nearby. You?" "I am finding myself." She doesn't know why she told him that. He raises an eyebrow. "Why? You don't look lost." "I am reinventing myself." She almost sounds like her mother. Ugh. "So you don't have a new name, yet." "Exactly." "I agree that I shouldn't tell you my name - it wouldn't be fair." "You understand." "Yes." They order more drinks, they chat, still without names and she realizes that she really likes him; like likes him. "I don't need any more beer," she says. She gives an odd little shiver as her body starts to react to her thinking of other things she does need. "What do you need?" he asks as he leans closer to her across the scratched and grimy bar table. He looks eager and a little dangerous, as if he somehow knows what she is thinking. Maybe they are on the same wavelength. The beer makes her brave. "You," she whispers to him. "Nice," he breathes at her, low and soft. "That sounds like a great idea." They finish their drinks in one gulp, stand, and leave the bar together. "Can I drive?" he asks her. "Good idea. I have had a bit to drink but you seem pretty sober." "Larger body mass," he replies. Sitting in the passenger seat of her own car, she suddenly feels nervous. This is rash and impulsive. It has been years since she had even flirted with anyone let alone gone home with them. She twists her hands together. She isn't looking where they are going. Her father would grouse at her for not noticing landmarks. She fidgets in her seat. "We don't have to," he says. "I-I want to try… it's just-" She stops. He glances at her, and then when she doesn't speak, he says, "Tell me." "Cheating ex. It has kind of dented my self-esteem." "He was a fool." "Thank you." He smiles at her and it lights his whole face up again. She remembers why she is doing this. They pull up at a small house off the main drive to a larger building. ""Do you have housemates?" she asks nervously. "Wouldn't have brought you here if I did." "So that's a no?" "Yes, it's a no." He chuckles. "Just me," he adds. Inside she gets nervous again. She places her bag down on the kitchen table and then picks it up again and holds onto it as if she is going to take it and run. He notices. "Did you want a drink?" "Ah… I don't know." She almost flaps her hands. "I'm sorry. I'm so nervous." "It's okay… stop worrying," he croons at her. He reaches out and takes the bag from her and then he holds her hands in his. She notices how warm he is again; it might be her nerves making her hands cold. She takes a shaky breath. He brushes very gently over the backs of her hands with his fingers. He takes a step in closer to her. He is so tall that her face is level with his shoulder. She can smell him now; he smells smoky and musky from the bar. His hands lift to her shoulders and he helps her out of her jacket. He hangs it on the back of the kitchen chair. Her heart is beating so fast. "You're staying, even if we don't do anything. I can sleep on the sofa if you want me to." "I didn't book a motel. I have nowhere else to go." She looks up at him. "So that's settled, then." He cradles her face; his eyes gaze down into hers. They look dark and faintly amused. "I'd prefer you to stay because you want to." His lips brush over hers. "And I'd prefer not to sleep on the sofa." He kisses her again. She opens her mouth and closes her eyes, and she kisses him back. "I don't want you to sleep on the sofa," she confesses. His hands keep touching her; brushing across her flesh, tracing down her arms and he gently squeezes her hand. He takes a step backwards, and still holding her hand, he tugs her after him. "Condoms," she says. "I haven't got any." "I've got them. A variety pack.