Disclaimer: the characters and all recognisable situations belong to Stephenie Meyer - this is a work of fan fiction, except for the legends and histories of the Quileute that, of course, belong to them. I pay my respects to their gods. Leah was the first female wolf the pack had ever had. It was all new to her and no one in the pack knew what to expect with a female wolf. An imprint had evaded her (so far) and she had tried to tumble into bed with a local guy but she called a halt way before they got to any real action because he didn't smell right. She didn't tell him that, being a wolf hadn't entirely killed her common sense. He just assumed it was about Sam and man was she sick of that? But that almost fucked experience keyed her up and left her… wanting. And then she was just unbelievably horny. She adored masturbating. She spent enough hours a day with her fingers on her clitoris and her vibrator buried up inside her, but it just wasn't working for her this day. And she had a pack meeting. When did she not have a pack meeting? It was so unbelievably unfair that she, who was without a partner or an imprint, and who hadn't been fucked for a year, had to spend her entire life surrounded by guys that could do modelling calendars. They looked amazing with no clothes on and she saw them naked all the time. Or porn. Really, they'd be better off doing porn. They saw her, but they didn't really see her, you know? She whined about that a lot and then they graduated to not listening to her as well. Previously, she had firmly put them all in the 'no way - Hell would have to freeze over' box. But at the pack meeting that afternoon she caught herself checking out Embry. Embry! She was thinking that, really, he looked damn good with his leaner build. At least she could get her arms around him. Not like Quil who was built like a boulder and always had been as wide as a house. She blinked. Why was she imagining putting her arms around Quil? What the fuck was happening? Was she in heat? She didn't have periods anymore. It made sense to her that she would be more biologically like a wolf. She was relieved that she wasn't barren; the terror that had overtaken her at the thought that at nineteen years of age she was going through menopause was something she did not want to repeat. Ever. Embry frowned at her. "You okay?" he asked. She was staring at him. "You are always so nice," she told him earnestly, and patted his arm for emphasis. He looked at her hand where it rested on his forearm and he tilted his head. "You never touch me, Leah." He sniffed deeply and let out a low vibrating rumble. "Nice." He almost purred. Quil saw them. He saw Embry lean in towards her. "Dude!" he exclaimed and he stepped forward to smack Embry upside the head. But then he got a whiff of Leah himself. "What the fuck is that?" he asked, before he leaned in closer to get another nose full. He stepped in behind her. She smiled at him over her shoulder. Seriously? Now she was smiling at Quil Ateara, the biggest doofus the pack had - their eternal joker. Maybe she had a fever. Not that she could tell. Always too hot. Hot. All the time. Embry smiled, too. "We can share, Quil." "I always wondered about you two," she said, too low for the others to hear. Quil just chuckled. "Share?" asked Jake. "Share what?" He stepped closer. Leah had a hand flat on Embry's abs and the other reached behind her to rest on Quil's hip, but she smiled at Jake, as well. He noticed. He strode over, stopped in front of her and looked down. He was much taller than the other two. The true alpha, even if he said he didn't want to be. They made some serious eye contact. Leah's tongue flicked out and, in a tiny movement, she licked the centre of her top lip. Jake looked confused, as if he knew he was still madly in love with Bella Swan, but for the first time, maybe ever , he saw Leah Clearwater as a female. "Share whom ," Leah corrected Jake. Sam was watching them all with a frown. He had been talking to Paul about patrols. When Sam stopped talking, Paul looked up, gauged what was going on very quickly and burst into braying laughter. "Oh, ho," he crowed. "I wondered if that might happen." "What might?" Sam checked. "Leah." Paul jigged his head at the four. "Leah?" Sam asked Paul. "Yeah… duh. Only pack female." Sam shook his head. "No, Leah's…" He stopped. "It's the right time of year," added Paul. Sam looked at the three males who stood too close to her, way closer than she ever let anyone stand before and he frowned. And then his face cleared. "Holy fuck," he said. "I think you're right." His eyes returned to Paul's face. "How do you feel?" Paul shrugged. "Fine. Not interested." "It's the imprint." "Maybe. Maybe I know she'd be the last thing I ever fucked. Rachel would tear my balls off." "Jared?" Sam checked. "Nope. Nothing," Jared said with a glance at the others. "And I'm okay," Sam added. "Quil?" Paul called. "Fuck off, Paul. Busy." "Huh. Must be the baby imprint thing." The adult imprint was a very firm handbrake: Sam, Jared, and Paul were not interested. Whatever scent she was emitting, it wasn't for them. Seth had been watching them all; his eyes darting from face to face. The three imprinted guys looked at him. "Go home, Seth and for fuck's sake don't phase," Sam instructed. "What? Why?" Seth asked. He glanced at his sister who was now sniffing up Embry's neck. "Ewww," he said as he comprehended. "Yeah, home's probably best for you," Jared echoed. "What will happen?" Seth sounded just the teeniest bit worried for his sister. Paul got it. "She'll be fine," he said. "She's not a normal girl, Seth. She's a wolf. They can't hurt her." "And she can fight for herself," said Sam. "Right Leah? Are you good with this?" She glanced at him. She looked sad for a moment, and then she said, "Yes. Thanks, Sam. I want this. I need this," she whispered at a lower level for the strong males standing nearest her. Sam nodded at her and got that pinched look around the eyes that he always got when he thought about his and Leah's aborted history. "Might be a good idea to get your Mom to take you to town or something," Jared said to Seth. "Can't hear, then." "Or you lot could take it out of the region," Sam suggested to the four. "Away from the rez." "Yeah. None of us want to hear it," said Paul. Leah was still staring at Jake, but Embry was running a fingertip down the top of her arm and his lips looked about to follow it. Quil had shifted her hand from his hip to the front of his cut offs. He held it there. Paul just snorted. "Jeez, Quil." Jake still looked half confused. His body twitched as if it didn't know which direction to go. "If she runs, none of you will catch her," Sam pointed out. "She's still the fastest in the pack." "Oh, I don't know," Embry said. "I think she wants to get caught today." His lips finally met with the flesh of her shoulder and she let out a low, throaty laugh. All the guys heard that. They shivered. Seth put his hands over his ears. "Ah… we had better get going," Jared said. Sam got an evil glint in his eye. " RUN Leah! " It was an alpha order and she had complied before she even thought about it, turning in place and sprinting for the forest. Embry swiftly took off after her. Quil took a moment to swear, "You dick, Sam." And then he was gone, too. "Go Jake," Paul said. "You don't want those two to get her." "They're my friends," Jake said, looking the direction they had run. "Yeah, but you don't have to share your female with them." "She's not-" "She's the Alpha female, Jake," Sam said. He sounded almost sad for Jake. "I know you don't want to make up your mind, but she's making it up for you. If you want her, you'd better run." "And fight," added Paul. "She might want you to fight for her." "But… Bella," Jake said plaintively. "Christ. You can't still be waiting for her. She's engaged to the leech, Jake." "I know… b-but…" " CHASE HER, Jake!" Sam ordered. Jake pushed his feet into the dirt and sprinted after them. "Cheating, Sam," Jared accused. Sam just shook his head. "He seriously needs to get over that girl, before she kills us all." "Bella's nice," Seth protested. "She won't hurt us." "Yeah?" said Paul. "She wants to be a leech, Seth. And to do that, Fuckward has to break the treaty. Bite a human … you remember? That's what it says." "Oh," Seth looked solemn. "I hadn't thought about that. Maybe there is some other way?" Jared snorted derisively. "He wants to do it himself; he wants to bite her. You can see it on his face." "And then she'll be a newborn and endanger us all. And all the humans around her," said Paul. "And she has too much influence over Jake," Sam added. "He'll betray us all for her. So you had better hope that he catches Leah. She'll fix him, good and proper." "Fuck some sense into him," Paul added. "He won't know what's hit him," Sam said wistfully. "He really won't; isn't he still a virgin?" Jared added. "Still?" Sam asked. "Fuck's sake, he really is hung up on Bella Swan." "My money's on Leah Clearwater," said Paul. "But Jake will win; the alpha will out." Jared chuckled. "I'll take that bet, I reckon Embry has a chance. Did you see how she was with him?" "Aah," Seth wailed. "La-la-la - not listening." "Can I bet on Leah?" Sam asked. "No," said Paul. "We know she'll win either way. Alpha female." "Sure, sure. I'll bet on Embry, too," said Sam. It took them some hours but eventually they cornered her in a clearing at the base of the cliff. She phased back to human and waited for them. She could have kept running but she desperately wanted something else right now. She stood, breathing heavily after the long chase. They had finally combined their wits and herded her. Kept her between the three of them. She applauded the smarts. Wondered who thought of that. And what arrangement they had made between them. For some reason, during the chase, she was kept out of the pack mind. She hadn't known what they were planning for her. Part of her had enjoyed running as a wolf in silence with just her own thoughts in her head. That was something new. They crept out of the forest on giant paws, saw her human and phased to human as well. They were panting, too. They crept in, silent, naked and watching her intently. So eager. Her scent making their cocks hang heavy and their eyes shine bright. They licked their human lips. She stretched languidly and leaned up against the cliff. "You have to choose one," Jake said. She looked at him. Tilted her head to the side and gave him a very long look. She was the leader today and she refused to be hurried. "Do I?" she asked. "Yeah." "Is that an order?" "No," Jake conceded. He would never order her to choose him, even if