AN: I wrote an entry for the JBNP's Naughty or Nice... Christmas One Shot Contest 2011, but got carried away with my idea and forgot to read the fine print. No wolf boy equals no contest entry. But on the bright side, that means I can post it here for you. On the negative side, ff doesn't have photos so if you want to see the great shots of Benjamin Bratt (I borrowed his body) and the sunrise, you'll have to read it on JBNP. But sadly, it shut down in July 2013. So Google is your friend. Disclaimer: the characters and all recognisable situations belong to Stephenie Meyer - this is a work of fan fiction, except for the legends and histories of the Quileute and that, of course, belong to them. I pay my respects to their gods. Paring: Bella and a guy she met in a bar Rating: M I'll be home for Christmas. "You did WHAT?" Bella screamed at her fiancé. "I would want to have known," he argued. But because he could not read her mind, he never did know what she was thinking. "What did you say? And I know you can remember exactly." "I said: I'm breaking the rules by sending you this. She was afraid of hurting you, and she didn't want to make you feel obligated in any way. But I know that, if things had gone the other way, I would have wanted the choice. I promise I will take care of her, Jacob. Thank you – for her – for everything, " he recited. She just stood there and looked at him while she tried to marshal her thoughts. "You sent my human best friend who just happens to be in love with me and a werewolf and your mortal enemy… an invitation to our wedding?" "Yes." Stupidly, he sounded supremely confident of his actions. "And you really think he wants to stand there and watch you win the battle for my heart? Knowing that it will result in my death?" "No you'll be turned-" She glared at him hard enough for him to stop that line of argument. "Dead is dead, Edward," she spat at him. "Well I suppose… when you put it like that…" She was furious with Edward for sending him the wedding invitation. It was spiteful and unnecessary. As unnecessary as the invitation itself. The layers of petal printed pages with matching vellum overlays. So formal; so not her. "It was my job to tell him; not yours. How else could he interpret that, than as one upmanship? It was cruel, Edward. He lost me and you're reminding him of that. Did you enclose an extra message? Nahnah na nahnah? Was that what it said?" "Isabella, please. Don't be childish." "Really? And what did you just do? Rub salt in his wounds?" Edward looked momentarily confused. As if his Victorian rules of behaviour had failed him here. Miss Manners for century old men didn't apply in the year 2000. "It's my choice to marry you. To be with you, not him and I should have told him that," she tried to explain. "He's my friend and I-" She stopped suddenly. Her choice… She had a realisation. She hadn't made any choices, other than Edward. "It's my wedding. Have I chosen a single thing?" she asked rhetorically. Edward didn't answer her. But she knew the answer already. Not one single thing. "My dress. The guest list. Where the ceremony will be held. Who the caterer is. The honeymoon location. Nothing" Edward looked blank. "Did we even discuss any of it? Did the words 'what would you like, love?' cross your lips? Rather than 'don't worry, it's all arranged'." Her eyes narrowed at him. "How many other decisions have you made for me Edward?" No response. "My college. My car. Why can't I get to make my own decisions? Choose the colour of my car. Those are stupid little things. But this? This is my farewell to my humanity. That is what I am giving up for you . My family, my friends, my parents. My future children. All gone for you . That's the price I am willing to pay." Still no response. "But don't I get to say how that happens? Or who gets to come? Or what colour I wear when I do it?" "Isabella, you know Alice loves organising these things," he blustered. He always used her full name when he was irked by her. Her and her too human emotions. "Alice can get married again, any time she wants. She can fuss with whatever designer she likes this week. That stuff isn't me! The vellum invitations weren't even me." Alice slunk in looking apologetic. She could probably hear them. "She can organise Rosalie's or Esme's weddings again. Or her own. But this is my one and only." She paused. "And it mattered to me." She heard that. The past tense. She blinked. The vampires stood with that utter stillness they had. They didn't move or breathe or even blink. They were after all… dead. Alice moaned. Edward's eyes flicked to her. He looked wounded suddenly. "Oh, no," he said. Wow. She must have changed her future. There was no other explanation for the devastated looks on both their faces. She blinked again. Nobody else moved. She saw a glimpse of Jasper's curly hair in the background. "And so help me, if Jasper even tries to make me happy, I'll be gone," she hissed. "You're already gone," Alice uttered sadly. "Yes," she stated. "Yes, I am." She pulled the plug on the wedding juggernaut and she ran. Jake wasn't back from his lupine hissy fit so she didn't say goodbye to him either. She explained it to Billy. Embry was at the house and she spoke to him and asked him to 'show' Jake her decision. She chose neither. She chose herself. 888888888 Five years later. Bella Swan was twenty three now. She'd left Forks, but had moved back nearby recently. Now after living in a dozen places, she was in Seattle. Close but not too close. Charlie didn't know where she was. Her life had become a meaningless cycle of temporary jobs and temporary men. They became faceless in her increasingly vague memories. She worked in bars and diners. Never stayed anywhere too long. Casual jobs, with no job security and no extra benefits. She wasn't a virgin any more. That was the first thing she got rid of. Edward had bribed her into marriage with the promise of the loss of her virginity, so it had to go. So she got a little drunk and went home with some poor guy who woke to find blood on his sheets and the bed empty. It was okay. He was attentive enough. But it was done. He was young and not that skilled, but he got the job done. Since then she had found others who did better in the sack, but it was still quick and unemotional; the way she liked it. Charlie tracked her down periodically. She had taken to phoning him before he found her now. He didn't comprehend the need for secrecy and probably never would. How could she explain the Volturi to a cop? They could probably crack the IRS easily enough, so maybe her moving around was unnecessary. She didn't care any more. It worked for her too. She liked leaving before things got too complicated. And emotions were complications. She discovered that she liked older men. They usually knew what they were doing in bed and as an added bonus, they usually weren't hung up on having a 'relationship' and that suited her just fine. She didn't want complications either. Older men. She almost laughed at the thought that her first love was an older man. 106… no he'd be 111 now. She sighed. Choices. She had chosen herself and some days she had regrets. Days when she felt older. When she felt alone. And it was Christmas and that was always hard for people who were alone. The perfect families in all the commercials grated at her. They were always smiling in their perfectly decorated houses with their perfect nuclear family of one boy and one girl and an adorable dog. Something cute and fluffy like a Maltese Terrier. Their Christmas trees were always colour co-ordinated; all the hanging decorations were the same shade of blue or silver. It made her feel nauseous. Reminded her too much of the Cullens and their enormous Christmas tree; intricately decorated and brushing at the ceiling. And every year the decorations seemed to appear earlier in the malls. It was a Saturday and Christmas Eve. She was working at a bar in Seattle. They had strung a few dusty decorations around and set up a lopsided tree on the end of the bar. It was almost pathetic. She looked beyond the tree and saw a group of people in a booth. One guy caught her eye. He noticed her notice him. He was clearly Native American and that was the reason he had caught her eye initially. He reminded her of the Quileute boys; the same skin colour and the same distinctive facial features. She kept glancing back at him as she served others. He definitely noticed that and he smiled at her. He was sitting with a bunch of people who were all chatting animatedly but he didn't seem to be 'with' anyone. He wore his long hair loose and un-braided. It was longer than hers. And probably in better condition, too. He wore a white linen shirt. It seemed chosen specifically to display his skin colour. It was that kind of semi transparent weave and his russet skin showed through beneath. He was immaculate. If she wore white in a bar, she would have splashed something on herself or dipped the sleeve in a drink within the first hour. She snorted. Looking after herself was not high on her list of things to do. The next time he wanted a drink, he came to the bar to order it. He palmed her his phone number. Definitely a pro. He also ordered an orange juice in a mixed drink glass, so she had him pegged as an ex-alcoholic. Looked like he was drinking, but wasn't. She had no idea how old he was. "What time do you get off?" he asked. "1 am." "Call me, I'll walk you home," he offered. She smiled. "If your place is close enough to walk to, maybe we should go there. I'll meet you when I get off. Out front." He just nodded. "1 am." She nodded back. He went back to his group. She surreptitiously watched him leave. Then she realised she didn't know his name. She glanced at the coaster he given her. Josh, he'd written. But he didn't know her name. He must have realised that at the same time she did, he spun on his heel just inside the door and looked back at her; his arms full of scarf, hat, and overcoat. Izzy, she mouthed at him. He nodded. With one final smoulder from those dark eyes he left. She felt good; her night was looking up. And hopefully she wouldn't get a lot of sleep. He didn't drink, didn't smoke and seemed to be experienced with women. It was all good. 88888888888 She counted off the till, ran the last few glasses through the washer and tidied up; wiping down the bar and the counters. The manager tossed out the persistent drunks and said he see her on Tuesday night. She had a couple of days off while the bar was closed. She stepped outside into the freezing night air and he was there. He was dressed in his winter coat; a knitted hat covered his head. His hands buried in the pockets. He smiled at her. She found herself smiling back. He held out his