Offerings Chapter 1 Author's note: this is largely copied from the first chapter of twilight but changed to third person pov from first, so if it sounds familiar, that is why. You have probably read it in more than a few fanfics. My theory is that if Bella is Edward's singer then, as an instinctive reaction, she should be more frightened of him than his usual human prey. At p15 when she runs into him at the office, he genuinely terrifies her and later at p23 when all the Cullens are back at the lunch table, she feels nauseous. What if it was his scent? What if she retained that fear? How would Edward react? Also this Jake is older than Bella rather than younger. He looked older in the banner. She moves to Forks in her final year of school as well. And it is cop Jake. I know… right? Blame goldengirl. It was her banner and I just had to have it. Voting is open in the non-canon awards as well. You have until the 9th April 2014 thenon-canonawards. blogspot. com. au/ Offerings - chapter 1 Her mother drove to the airport with the windows rolled down. It was seventy-five degrees in Phoenix, the sky a perfect, cloudless blue. And she was wearing her favorite shirt — sleeveless, white eyelet lace; she was wearing it as a farewell gesture. Her carry-on item was a parka. She was on her way to Forks, Washington. A small town covered in an almost constant layer of cloud. She hadn't been there since she was fourteen and refused to spend any more summers watching her father fish. They went to California and Disneyland instead. "Bella," her mom said for the thousandth time, although it was probably the last, "You don't have to do this." Her mother looked tired and wan; her tan was fading. She had less time to sunbake and even if she'd had the time, sunbaking no longer had any attraction for her. "I want to go," Bella lied. She'd always been a bad liar, but she'd been saying this lie so frequently lately that it sounded almost convincing now. She was going to Forks to get away from her home. Her stepfather Phil was ill. Skin cancer. He was a minor league baseball player who had never put on enough sunscreen and then he had noticed an odd mole on the back of his neck. It was cancer and it was too close to his spinal cord. Her mother, Renee, who had always been scatterbrained and impractical, had morphed into a capable person. Maybe when the stakes were high enough she could pull it together? She had left Charlie when Bella was a baby and managed to raise her pretty much on her own, so she can't have been a total airhead. Bella was in her final year of High School and the atmosphere at home was too tense and too emotional for her to concentrate on her subjects. She couldn't study and her grades were dropping. Studying in the ugly vinyl chair-filled waiting rooms in the hospital was just not possible. Phil was fighting it; he was always a fighter, but Bella felt useless around the house. And powerless to help. If she went and lived with her father, her mother could put all her energy into helping Phil get better. It was the right thing to do. One year of her life was a small price to pay for Phil. "Don't worry about me," Bella urged. "I'll be fine. You look after Phil. I love you, Mom." Renee hugged her tightly for a minute, and then Bella got on the plane, and her mother was gone. She spent the four hour flight to Seattle worrying about how she and Charlie would get on. Two weeks a year she had spent with him. They barely knew each other. She had been trying to call him more often but neither of them were big on chat. She switched planes to board a much smaller aircraft for the one hour flight to Port Angeles. She knew Charlie would pick her up in the police cruiser and then they had another one hour drive to Forks. Charlie gave her an awkward, one-armed hug when she stumbled off the plane. She filled him in on the latest about Phil as they walked to the car and put her stuff in the trunk. "I enrolled you at Forks High and you start on Monday." She was already worrying about how she would get to school. She couldn't walk and it would be social suicide to arrive in the police cruiser. "I found a good car for you, really cheap," he announced after they were strapped in. "What kind of car?" She was suspicious of the way he said 'good car for you' as opposed to just 'good car.' "Well, it's a truck actually, a Chevy." "Where did you find it?" "Do you remember Billy Black down at La Push?" La Push was the tiny Indian reservation on the coast. "No." "He used to go fishing with us during the summer," Charlie prompted. That would explain why she didn't remember him. She did a good job of blocking painful, unnecessary things from her memory, like fishing. "He's in a wheelchair now," Charlie continued when she didn't respond. "So he can't drive anymore, and he offered to sell me his truck." "What year is it?" She could see from his change of expression that this was the question he was hoping she wouldn't ask. "It's old... but good quality. They don't build trucks like that anymore and it runs well. Little noisy, but reliable. Around here that matters." "Okay," she agreed. "How cheap is cheap?" "I already bought it as a gift actually. Call it a welcome gift." "Oh." She had intended to spend her hoarded savings on some kind of vehicle. Free. She had no complaints about that. "That's really nice, Dad. Thanks. I really appreciate it." "Well, now, you're welcome," he mumbled, embarrassed by her thanks. She stared out of the window in silence and Charlie drove. The scenery was beautiful, of course; she couldn't deny that. Everything was green: the trees, their trunks covered with moss, their branches hanging with a canopy of it, the ground covered with ferns. Even the air filtered down greenly through the leaves. But the contrast with Phoenix was stark; it looked alien to her and almost too green. She was used to emptier skies and open landscapes. They pulled up in front of the house. Charlie had never moved out of the little two-bedroom house that he'd bought with her mother in the early days of their marriage. And there, parked on the street in front of the house that never changed, was her new truck. It was a faded red color, with big, rounded fenders and a bulbous cab. She loved it immediately. It was so substantial. Solid and tough. She could see herself driving it. "Wow, Dad, I love it! Thanks!" "I'm glad you like it," Charlie said gruffly, embarrassed again. She had the west bedroom that faced out over the front yard. It had always been her room. The only changes were the addition of a desk and a second hand computer. She needed to keep in touch with Renee. The rocking chair from her baby days was still in the corner. It would be a nice place to sit and read. Charlie left her alone to unpack and shower after her long day of travel. She stared out the window at the sheeting rain and allowed herself a small cry. She sent her mom an email to say she had arrived safely. If she phoned her she'd cry at the sound of her mother's voice and then her mother would cry. And they would both be upset and regretting her decision to leave. She wasn't going to do that. After dinner she went to bed but couldn't fall asleep until after midnight and a slightly longer cry. The noise of the rain kept her awake and she was anxious about starting at a new High School. Especially one that was so small compared to what she was used to. She hadn't had a lot of friends in an enormous school; she'd have real trouble making any in a much smaller one. First day at school Breakfast was pretty quiet. Charlie went off to work and she sat at the old square oak table in one of the three non-matching chairs and examined the small kitchen, with its dark paneled walls, bright yellow cabinets, and white linoleum floor. Nothing had changed. Her mother had painted the cabinets eighteen years ago in an attempt to bring some sunshine into the house. She got the impression that even after that long, her father had still not got over Renee leaving. And taking his child with her. The wall in the living room was a montage of her school photos. It made her feel awkward. The truck started easily but she had a bit of trouble with the stick shift. She made it to school and tried to find the office. The school didn't have fences or metal detectors as she was used to. She was pleased to see that most of the vehicles in the parking lot were older; she didn't want to stand out. The newest car was a shiny new model Volvo. Armed with a map and a schedule of classes, she desperately tried to memorise it all. Thank God her first teacher didn't make her stand and introduce herself to the class; she would have died of embarrassment. But the trig teacher insisted. She hated him on principle. In each class there were the same faces. One or two tried to say hello and ask her how she was settling in. She lied a lot. By the time it got to lunch time, a girl with wildly curly dark hair attached herself to Bella's side and insisted she sit with her table of friends. What was her name? Jessica? Eric had introduced himself in English and now she met the rest of the group. Mike, Lauren, Tyler, Angela, and Ben. She only learned all their names later. She picked at her lunch and glanced around the cafeteria. Most people were staring at her or talking about her. Fabulous. Then she saw them. At a table right in the corner and as far away from everyone else as they could seem to get, sat three teens. One boy was tall, lean and muscular, with honey blond hair. Next to him sat a girl so tiny she was pixie-like, thin in the extreme, with small features. Her hair was a deep black, cropped short and it pointed in every direction. The other boy was lanky, less bulky, with untidy, bronze-colored hair. He was more boyish than the others, who looked like they could be in college, rather than students in high school. And yet, they were all exactly alike. Each of them was chalky pale, the palest of all the students living in this sunless town. They all had very dark eyes despite the range in hair tones. They also had dark shadows under those eyes — purplish, bruise-like shadows, as if they were all suffering from a sleepless night, or almost done recovering from a broken nose. Though their noses, like all their features, were straight, perfect, angular. Their clothes looked very expensive; all the name brands Bella recognised from her old school. Money and beauty? That wasn't fair. "Who are they?" she asked her newest friend Jessica. Jessica glanced where she was looking and then giggled in embarrassment. She hissed quickly under her breath, "That's Edward and Alice Cullen, and Jasper Hale. They all live together with Dr. Cullen and his wife." "They're a family?" "Adopted." The bronze haired boy glanced up at them as if he had heard them say his