Welcome, everyone! Haha! I'm so giddy to finally get this ball rolling! For those of you who submitted a tribute to the story, thanks so much! Your support is appreciated! For those of you stumbling upon this, welcome. This is the actual story portion of my SYOT (All positions are filled by the way.) that stems from the prologue story "Who Would've Guessed". Reading that one is not really necessary, but it does hold a lot of important development on Kat and Slader, and there may be a few references to it throughout the story. However, I will try to explain as much as I can in this story so that anyone who doesn't go back and read the other can still keep up. Oh yeah, also, Happy New Year! Yay! Alright, last thing. This is just a head's up. I have all reagion this month so I have to practice... a lot. So updates will probably no be coming fast. Of course those that have been reading this for a while probably already expected that. I'm not promising anything faster than two weeks at a time, and once the reapings start, I'm hoping that can become a sort of normal updating pace since I'll already have some prepared. (I'm through five, and halfway through a sixth.) Anyhoo, after this there will be one, possibly two development chapters, depending on how much I decide to do, and how behind I end up on reapings, so yeah, expect that. Aside from that, have a good year, and enjoy! I own nothing...except what I created. ~The Twist to the Twist~ One hundred years ago, the districts of Panem were cut down in their attempt at rebellion by the army of their Capitol, under the direction of a young man by the name of Cornelius Snow. This man fearing a new rebellion, devised a plan to keep these districts in line, by reminding them each year of the power of himself, and the people who were loyal to him. He created a game that required each of these district, 12 in total, to offer up tributes, one male and female between the ages of 12 and 18, to fight for their district in an annual Hunger Games. The last standing of these twenty-four would be honored forever by their district and the Capitol for their bravery, strength, and determination, and would forever be expected to keep peace between their own people, and the people their ancestors set out to destroy. However, these games did not create respect, they created tension and contempt in the rebels' descendants, something that few of the Capitol citizens could see, or, in such cases like President Snow, had no intention of attempting to mend. But there had to be someone to both see and care about this rift, and, as fate would have it, this person would be the descendent of the president himself. This is the story not only of the forty-eight children who were sacrificed either by their district or fate for the sake of a non-existent peace, but also of the girl who sacrificed her own life, and the life of her best friend, for the sake of mending what her family had broken. This is the story of Katalina Snow... The president's mansion was a place of the highest class, with its pristine white wall that swooped elegantly into high arches, or dipped slightly to form neat images. White marble floors, so clean that, if one wasn't precise with their manner of walking, there shoes would squeak anywhere they went. Servants made careful paths down these halls, carrying trays or sheets, or baskets of laundry. One, holding high a tray supporting a small number of tall wine glasses, stopped abruptly from turning a corner, and leapt back, only barely avoiding being run over. The small girl who had nearly collided with the servant skidded to a stop, her socked feet not giving her enough traction for a proper stop. She managed to stop and make a course down the new hallway, calling an apology over her shoulder as she went. Avoxes paused, and stepped out of the way as she raced past them, some smiling, and shaking their heads good-naturedly. Maybe she was a direct descendent of the very man who had taken them from their homes and cut out their tongues, but the young girl wasn't much different from the children in the Districts, and it was a nice reminder of home. Even if she did force them to be on their toes more often. She raced down the halls, weaving expertly through the servants, and around the corners, careful not to try for too sharp of a turn again. As she finally reached her destination, a pair of tall, elegant double doors that swooped to the ceiling, and arched gracefully back down the floor, she slide to a halt, and took a moment to catch her breath. As she did, she made an attempt at smoothing down her bright, pink hair, and readjusting her jostled clothing. Sure, the president was family, but that didn't mean he expected any less professionalism. Finally deeming herself safe for entry, the cat-eared girl, pushed on one of the thick wooden doors, and it swung silently into the garden beyond. Katalina Snow smiled to herself. The garden, despite all it really represented, was beautiful, with its neatly trimmed bushes that lined the walkways, and trees that reached majestic, leafy fingers to the sky, and were decorated with blossoming vines that curled up and around, and hung meticulously from the branches. And the most marvelous part, were the flowers that dotted the garden, spreading petals out like wings, and catching the sunlight in such a perfect manner that the entire place seemed as though it were glowing. "You're not wearing any shoes." Kat spun, and found her great-grandfather standing at the edge of the path, examining a bush of his roses carefully. Her immediate urge was to respond with an irritable, "Thanks President Obvious." but she managed to change it before his escaped. "I was in a hurry." Then, for good measure, she blushed sheepishly. The man gave a thoughtful, "Ah." and continued with his work on the flower. Kat shifted from one foot to the other, waiting, but the man said nothing more. "Is there a reason you called me here?" She tried to keep the impatience out of her voice, but it was still there. She could hear it, and she knew the aging man could. "Of course there is," he replied calmly, glancing briefly away from his work. He made no further comments, and they stood in silence for what felt like hours, with him patiently clipping away flaws on his precious flowers, and her, standing in uncertain, yet impatient, silence in the middle of the neat, cobble-stone path. Then, just as she was about to open her mouth to prompt him into further detail, he continued, "The Quarter Quell reading is at noon." Kat clamped her mouth shut, and allowed it to turn into a confused frown. "Yes, I know." "You're not dressed," he went on, raising an eyebrow at a particularly tricky thorn. Kat gave her head a shake. "Yes I am." The man chuckled lightly, finally gaining control of his unruly thorn, then, stepping back to admire his work. As he ran the details of the plant over with an observant eye, he said, "Katalina, I don't believe we're on the same page. You're not dressed. Cinna has prepared a dress for you. He's in the design room on the first floor." "A dress?" Kat crinkled her nose, causing the lightly colored whiskers underneath them to latch to one another and tangle together. "Grandpa, you know how I feel about dresses." "This is the most historical event of your life, child. Even your mother's life, and possibly your grandmother's. Today, we celebrate the hundredth year of the Hunger Games. So yes, you will be wearing a dress." Then, when Kat's scowl didn't change, he added in his sand-papery voice, "The ceremony isn't even half an hour, you can survive it...and the after party." "After party?" Kat raised an irritated eyebrow. "What's a celebration without a little get together after wards, huh?" "A tolerable one," Kat grumbled, but her grandfather ignored her. She was, after all, defeated, and they both knew it. "Go on now, there's not much time left. And tell Lorell to do something about your hair," he dismissed, disappearing around a corner of the path. Kat stamped her foot, and whirled, nearly loosing her balance. Stomping away jarred her feet painfully, so Kat settled for a roll of her eyes, and a groan as the thick wooden door boomed shut behind her. A passing avox stared at her as he passed, but said nothing, or rather, made no sign of what he might have said if he could still talk. Shaking the thought away, Kat began her journey to the first floor, making her way through the hallway at a considerably slower rate then she had previously, and by the time she was pushing open the door to the room, Lorell was having a complete meltdown. "What took you so long?" She demanded, ushering Kat further into the room, and shutting the door behind her. "You were scheduled to be here nearly an hour ago!" "Didn't know," Kat replied, crossing her arms over her chest. "Your mother told you, certainly." "Which would explain why I didn't know," Kat mumbled, staring begrudgingly at her feet. Her grandfather must have guess she had ignored her mother's yammering and missed her appointment time, which would explain why she'd been called to his garden nearly half an hour after she should have been there, or, at least, if Lorell's time telling ability was anything to go by. "You'll be cutting it awfully close. We may have to settle for something more simple for your hair." Lorell rambled on, bustling around the room with her face set in a concentrated scowl. "Shame." Even the sarcasm went unnoticed the distracted woman, who paused by a short couch, which had been overtaken by an array of make-up products and hair irons, brushes, combs, and other accessories. "Just braid it," someone recommended. Kat's head snapped up, a grin already present on her face. The tall, dark man had appeared from behind the changing curtain, heavy and white, and was now standing with one side of the curtain pushed aside, smiling fondly. Lorell made a noise as though she had been hit, and said, "Oh that would be dreadfully boring!" "But it's fast," Cinna pointed out, stepping away from the curtain, hands hidden behind his back. "Besides, her dress will be enough to draw everyone's eye." He grinned down at Kat. "Now, I have a surprise." "Really? What is it?" Kat wondered, trying to peek around his back. Cinna stepped back, chiding, "Well, it's not a surprise anymore if I tell you know is it?" Kat pouted. "Well, I guess not, but it's not really a surprise if you announce it either." "Touche." The man laughed. "Alright, close your eyes and hold out your hands." Kat rolled her eyes, but obliged. Soon after she did so, she felt something smooth and rubbery being sat into her outstretched hand, and she gasped. "My shoes!" She would recognize the feel of those soles anywhere. Sure enough, when she opened her eyes, they were their. The high-topped, shining things that were decorated pink, and lime green, and purple. "Oh! Thanks so much, Cinna!" She cried, attacking the man with a hug. He chuckled. "Sure. Just, this time try to avoid mud puddles, yes?" Kat laughed as she pulled away. The original pair of shoes he had made for her had been ruined on her trip to the Districts. She had been in the middle of a heated debate with her obnoxious companion, and had stopped, without realizing it, right in the middle