"My condolences "Mycondolences." "Thank you, Aunt Mary." "If you ever need anything you just give me a call." "Thank you, Uncle Brad." The grim party shook the young girl's hand as the turned and left the cemetery. A fresh grave wasn't the only reminder the girl had of the beautiful pale body of her mother laid six feet beneath the surface, dark hair surrounding her like an celestial halo. The yellow flowers seemed to mock the life taken. It was all she could do not to scream and run away as friends of friends came to shake her hand, offer their pitiful condolences. Talisha Aubrey, a shroud of black, stared blankly at the trees around her. No one is ready for a parent to die, especially not when you are only nineteen and don't know where your father is. Her hawk landed on her shoulder, a pet from birth, and turned to the right drawing Talisha's attention to where a man stood rigid in udder grief. The man who was leaning heavily on the most intricate walking stick and long beard and in black from head to toe. She could see silent tears rolling down his red cheeks. Moved by his touching performance she walked over to where he stood in front of her mother's grave to ask him his name but as he looked up she saw mirrored back her own grief and her own soul. Grey blue eyes, mirrors full of sadness and answers, strength and grief. Talisha could say nothing, now she knew. For hours they must of sat there on the stone bench in front of the fresh grave, both with their silence and grief. "I loved your mother deeply." He finally said. "I know, father." Was all Talisha could reply. "What is your name child?" he asked. "Talisha Aubrey Grey." He nodded. "There are so many things I wish to say Talisha. But for once in my life I cannot find the words." "Mother told me much. I think I understand. She loved you very much." She said as she watched a fresh batch of tears roll down the old man's face. "She was a delightful woman, full of life and wisdom." He said, choking on his own words. "It was awful returning to my duty without her by my side." "Why couldn't you take us with you?" Talisha asked, the hurt evident in her gray eyes. "Humans are limited to the world they are born in. I did not wish to kill her or you by trying." "You knew I was alive?" "Yes." "And you still left?" "I had no choice. It was my duty." Talisha spat on the ground at his words. They sat again in silence for a while until the man stood up to stretch. "Would you come back with me, Talisha?" "To middle-earth?" "Aye. To middle-earth." "Will it kill me?" "No. You are half Maia." Talisha nodded her head. She had read the books after all. She probably knew more about what was to happen then her father did. But what would happen to the life she had here? Her mother's house? Her mother's objects? "I need to tie up a few loose ends first." She said as Gandalf nodded his head in understanding. She walked off, her hawk flying after her. -- A week later, after much crying and fusing she said goodbye to her friends, sold her house and car to some good friends and packed all the trinkets she wanted to keep in a small suitcase she held at her side and her hawk on her shoulder. She walked out her hotel and met her father where he ushered her into a taxi which took them to a small picnic area. Climbing into the woods a little so they wouldn't be seen her father took her into his arms as the world changed around them. Woods turned into a stone pavilion and large stone structure formed around her. "Where are we, Aba?" "We are in the city of Qanath in Tulwang." Her hawk shivered the travel off him and took to flight. "Where? My knowledge only extends to the north-west areas of Middle-earth." "The way far south. A safety haven far away from the growing power of Mordor." "Right. And you expect me to just sit still here until Mordor has sunken beneath its own weight?" "No. I expect you to stay here until I call for you." "I am your daughter not your servant." "I am leaving you here until you learn all these good people can teach you and then I will call for you and you can come help in the wars ahead." Talisha looked at him stupidly. "You mean you are actually going to let me get rough and dirty?" "Unless you wish otherwise." Talisha was stupefied. "Wow. My mother did right to choose you." Gandalf chuckled quietly. "Of course. I would rather you stay here until everything is over and done with since I do not know which way the ball will swing at this point." Talisha huffed and snorted. "Of course you would. Wait. How old is Aragorn?" "He is going to reach his fifteenth birthday this next half moon." "Ah. I see. Well. I wouldn't want to come with you now anyways. I'll just stay here until he's about…oh…87." "Will you now?" A very amused Gandalf asked. "Yes." "Good. Because there is someone here I want you to meet." They entered a large stone door Talisha had not noticed before and walked through the hallways until they came to a large open room where a middle aged man dressed in a vivid blue greeted them from behind a large desk. He got up and walked towards them with arms wide open and a large grin on his face. "Olorin, my friend! Welcome back. I see you have brought a young beauty with you." He said as he held Talisha at arms length and then hugged her warmly. "Alatar, Blue Wizard and my dear friend, I finally have the pleasure of introducing my daughter, Talisha Aubrey Grey." "Didn't the blue wizards stay in the east?" The joly man laughed and Gandalf smiled at Talisha's abruptness. "She is most definitely your daughter, Gandalf. Of that there is no question." He said chuckling still. "Yes. My brother, Pallando, and I journeyed east together but then I tuned south after he was married." "Married? Are you married too?" "Yes I was, curious little one, now I am a widower. It is amazing how love can just come so quickly, isn't it Olorin?" "Too true. It hits you very unexpectedly. But I must return north." "May we keep your daughter for a little while?" Alatar asked. "What would you like Talisha?" asked her father. "Would you like to stay in Qanath?" "Yes, very much." "Then it is settled! Very good. Come I will show you and your father to your respective chambers here." He opened up the doors and a flurry of blue and feathers tumbled in the room. "Aie! Lorita Sophie! What are you doing listening at doors?" Alatar asked in mock anger. "I found Talisha's familiar and I had to return her." The young women answered innocently from her position on the floor as a little fox climbed on her stomach and made himself comfortable. Talisha giggled as her hawk landed on her shoulder as the girl smiled and winked at her. "Help me up, Aba?" She asked. Alatar stuck out his hand and helped his daughter up forcing the fox to jump off. "Aie! What I am to do with you? Even wearing trousers like a boy, Morgan Jade is a controversial influence." "We were ridding our horses, Aba! What was I supposed to wear? May I take Talisha to see her new rooms?" "Aye. Go, my child, and run off that exuberance." Lorita grabbed Talisha's hand and took off, their familiars following behind. "How did you know my name?" Talisha asked. "Your familiar told me when I let him in the window." -- Lorita slowed after several twists and turns. Talisha laughed at the hilarity of it all. She had already spent several months here and it was all so wonderful that she never wanted to leave. Well…except for the fact that they were about to get into severe trouble. Morgan panted as she put her hands on her knees. "Our father is going to kill us!" Mina Khristie said as she caught up to the three in front of her. "I am surprised you came out of your books for once Mina and joined us on a prank!" Talisha said laughing. Mina frowned. "Maybe I aught to stay with the books. They are safer." "Safer maybe, but never more fun, dear sister." Lorita said as she hugged her sister. "Come on, we aren't safe yet." Morgan said, reminding them of their current predicament as they raced for the stables where they got their already prepared horses and raced out of the palace and through the city down to their favorite secret beach. "Wow! What a thrill!" Morgan said. "Although I never want to see a man naked ever again." She made the sign of gagging. "Especially not young Lord Keir but I have to admit that he deserved being tied to the tops of the great green tree naked after he flirted with you Lorita in such an atrociously drunk manner at last nights Gala." Mina said to her sister as her feline familiar climbed into her lap. "Why did we have to pick that tree? I never want to climb that tree ever again. It's been ruined my his naked body…I hope the ants get to him." Lorita wined as Talisha and Morgan Jade laughed at her. Their horses fed in the grass up by the trees as they stripped down to their bathing suits and ran into the ocean. The fox and mountain lion followed them into the water. The cat familiar looked upon their wetness with distain and went to go join the hawk in the trees. "What do you think of their pranks?" the cat asked as he sat down next to the preening hawk. "Which one? Lord Keir being blindfolded and strapped naked to a tree or the hairdye in Lady Luvinia's shampoo yesterday right before the gala or the new orange paint in Alatar's study or the brawdy drunkards in the bar who 'claim' the drink made them think large purple spiders were attacking them or the floating books in the library or the nonsensical speech of the Ashaturian lord during last months feast or…" The cat smiled. "True. I get your point. I guess we can't judge when we help." "Father is looking for us." Mina said, her eyes closed and hands raised towards the palace they had come from. "He isn't very happy." "Come out before he senses you." Morgan Jade said, braiding her silky long black hair in anxiety. Mina lowered her hands and opened here eyes, Lorita and Talisha giggled as they dunked her. -- As soon as they got back they did get the verbal lashing from Alatar but that wizard couldn't stay angry long and the four girls returned to their normal lessons. "This place is better then your American El Dorado, Talisha." Talisha looked at her oriental looking friend in shock. "Are you from middle-earth or earth, Morgan?" Morgan sat up from where they had been sun bathing on their shared balcony. "Do you not know my story? No? Then I will tell you. For you have become as dear to me as a sister." "You all also like a sister to me, you and Lorita and Mina." Morgan Jade nodded and started her story. "My father is Saruman the White." "Saruman?" Talisha asked in shocked horror. Morgan looked her deeply in the eyes and nodded in understanding. "Yes. I see you know of his future too. My mother knew also. But I am starting at the