Disclaimer: I own none of these characters. All rights reserved to SM. Summary: A chaotic story about a preposterous marriage, a neon green tie, drunk strangers, a schizophrenic, crappy food, throwing knives, infidelity, and overuse of the word 'crazy'. One-shot, crack-fic. Rated M, because it's Vampiregirl93 Please, please do not read this if you're: under 18, sensitive to topics related to mental health issues (I say this as a precaution), can't handle an abundant use of the word 'fuck', which, why the fuck would you care? Oh, and I do have a blog now. moving on up... you can follow me at sydney993 . tumblr .com Story song: Cold Shoulder by Adele For B… it's okay to still love Crazy :) Bella There's a brief moment of pure content that warms my insides and makes my face flush with the significance of finally understanding that everything is almost— so close —to being right in my life. It clouds my mind and doesn't allow me to think; it makes me deliriously happy and I feel whole, impenetrable and untouchable. My sense of completion becomes full circle when the Best friend shows up to my engagement party, and all of my initial panic is ebbed away and pushed into a box somewhere to the back of my mind. Everyone's seated and eating when I have my little revelation. Best friend is on my left side, and Adulterer is on my right. My mind is placating me: Wait for it, Bella. Wait for him to say the words, so all of this can be over. Fingers tangle in mine, lips press against my ear. Breathy, heavy, and wrong whispers into my ear. "You happy, baby?" The soulmate on my left scoffs, and Cheater on my right tucks my hair behind my ear. I shiver. I turn, a small smile answering him as he ducks his head down to kiss me. Nothing can ruin my plan: I'm going to— "Hey, turd nugget, you have clam sauce on your dress," Edward says. Except that. I snap my head to Edward, best friend and closest confidant, and drift my eyes down at his wrinkled suit and knotted neon green tie. I scoff at him. "Who the fuck wears a neon tie to an engagement party? We're celebrating love, not rolling at a rave." "Baby," Peter whispers in my ear, fingers trailing over my right arm in what is supposed to be a soothing gesture. I swallow down the vomit bubbling in my throat. "Let it go." I relax visibly, but hold a playful scowl on Edward as I take a long drink from my red wine. The corner of his lips twitch as he looks straight ahead. He knows if he looks at me, he'll bust out laughing, and I made him promise to be on his best behavior for this party as soon as I saw him come in; no matter how much it truly is bogus. Peter's parents can barely handle me. They think I'm a lunatic, and that my family—Cullen's included—are out of line and unstable. We're too loud, we're too rambunctious, and anything but debonair in their presence. They tolerate me. They don't tolerate Edward, the psych-patient. A part of me believes Edward likes the hospital more than he does his own home. He has friends there—the crazy but cool kind that I'm inevitably drawn to each time he brings them around. The last person he brought around was at the Cullen's Fourth of July Barbecue. Her name was Makenna, and I fell in love with her at first sight. The friend love, I'm not gay. She had a small scar above her upper lip and two left brow piercings, and an entire story of kinky fuckery behind them. Edward is mildly bipolar. Edward befriends full-blown schizophrenics. Makenna and I are best friends these days. She doesn't fuck Edward anymore, but we're like a crazy trio when we all get together. Unfortunately, Kenna's not here with us tonight. It would have been nice if she were, because maybe Edward would keep himself in check with her here to keep us all on our toes. And I could really use her right now, because Edward looks like he's about to bring up the story of us popping ecstasy at a rave three summers ago, and he's barley holding it inside of him. I kind of hope that he does. I mean, maybe that will lead to— "Edward," On my right, Peter clears his throat to catch Best friend's attention. Edward gives him a wary look. He hates Peter. I hate Peter, too. "Who's um… you're friend?" Edward leans back, smiling proudly, to expose the small girl on his left to us. Small girl has knotted brown hair, an endless smile on her face, and a dress that seems to be about four sizes too big on her. It's probably something that Edward stole from Esme's closet, which would explain the dirty looks he's been receiving from his mother all night. Edward smiles down to the poor girl like she's an adorable kitten he discovered in the alleyway. And I wonder, if maybe she was in the alleyway? He isn't even supposed to be here. He's supposed to be at Wilmington for another three days, he told me this on the phone (he wasn't supposed to have) last week, so that I wouldn't be disheartened by his absence tonight. But my best friend wouldn't miss this for the world, and he certainly wouldn't come without bringing a guest for back-up. And I wish it was Edward. He wouldn't cheat. He wouldn't lie. But Best friend has been lost. Best friends are intuitive, and I think Edward probably knows that tonight I'm going to— "I'm sorry I didn't introduce you earlier, Peter. Angela, this is my best friend Bella," he points to me using only his pinky finger—because apparently that's all I'm good for—and then to Peter. "And that's, like, her fiancée Petey Pablo, or whatever. Guys, this is my second-best Gal-Pal, Angie… or Angela, or whatever. She likes both." Angie leans over Edward to smile at Peter. In a breathy whisper, she says, "How ya like it daddy?" Oh my god… I love her. Across from us, Rose laughs into her hands and tries to cover it with a fake-ass cough. Emmett does the same, only stretching backwards so that he can laugh behind Rose's back. Beside them, my mom and dad are in their own little world, clueless, not paying attention to a thing we say—and everyone else seems mildly amused with Angie's antics. Peter bites my earlobe and I squirm uncomfortably, but laugh nevertheless. He puts his lips to my ear. "Did he steal her from the mental institution?" I elbow him in the gut, frowning at supposed husband-to-be. "Don't," I snicker, turning back to Edward and Angie. Angie smiles tentatively, but she's not looking at me. She's not looking at any of us. She's in her own little world, and I'm right there with her. I think I like Angela. Edward extends a hand over to tap her shoulder with his pinky—why does he keep using his pinky for everything? "You okay?" She nods, turning to smile at me and Peter again. "This is such a lovely restaurant." I smile at her. "Thank you," Peter answers proudly, glad that someone is here to feed his ever-inflating ego. "My parents own it." "Oh," her eyes go wide, and for a moment, so brief, I see some crazy flicker in her eyes. "It's lovely. Really beautiful. Like a palace. It's magical." Beside me, I can feel Peter's scowl burning a hole through my head. I ignore him, pulling another sip from my red. I let it linger in my mouth for a moment before swallowing it in slow, careful gulps. Edward winks at me and I smile at him, but I'm curious about Angela. Where the fuck did she come from? "So," I clear my throat. "Where did you meet Edward, Angie?" Edward turns his head slowly. "We're not here to talk about Angie and I—we're celebrating you're engagement tonight, Bella ." He goes from jerk, to sweet, to the needing-an-exorcist-head-spinning in .2 seconds. I shrug, forking some linguine and clam sauce. I shove it in my mouth and swallow it regretfully. It's awful. I chase it with some wine. "I'm with Bella on this," Rose has one sarcastic brow quirked, waving a finger between Edward and Angela. "We already know everything there is to know about Peter and Bella—they're old news." "Thanks Rose," Peter says dryly. I smile. No one's going to break my bubble. Not until he says the words—that unfaithful motherfucker. I may have smoked some pot before I came in here, too. "We met at Wilmington." Edward says through his teeth, giving Rose a pointed look. "Wilmington?" Sonny, Peter's father, speaks up. Peter lies for us all, "It's a hotel." Wilmington Psychiatric Rehabilitation is a hotel? Normally, people would find it kind of disheartening that Edward had to find a date at a hotel to bring here with him. In real life, Peter's parents would find it atrocious if they really knew he found her at the hospital he was staying at because of his mental-breakdown last month. Everyone here knows what's up. Except for Peter's parents. What they don't know won't kill them. "You can say that," Emmett mutters under his breath. And I bust out laughing. Because I'm at the most awkward dinner party in all of human history, and my best friend just picked up a girl at the mental institution, and my husband-to-be is a dick, and we're all a little drunk. I'm pretty drunk, maybe. I don't think I'm that drunk. No, I'm pretty drunk. "Bella," Peter groans. I straighten my shoulders and tell myself: get your shit together. Wait for it. Wait for it. "Sorry," I say hastily, ducking my head in remorse. I find Edward's hand under the table, and hold on for dear life. "Someone had too much laughing gas," Emmett clicks his tongue in his mouth. "So Sonny, tell me, who the fuck makes this clam sauce?" I can't help it—I'm on the verge of tears. I have to lean over the table and somehow end up laughing into Edward's lap. He hits my shoulder lightly. He hisses out. "Get your shit together, Bella. You're about to marry the son of a mediocre clam sauce maker." "Jesus," I gasp for air, halting upwards. I push myself off of Edward's legs and attempt to steady my breathing. I notice someone has taken my wine away. Good. I don't need more anyway, jerks. Edward leans in to whisper to me. "You want mine? I can't drink it with my meds." I grab my empty water glass and put it under the table. "Fill me up." He does. We're discreet too. The only one who notices is my forever-scowling douchebag fiancée. I smile at him grimly as I sip from my stolen wine. "You're so fucking cute," he whispers, grasping my chin tightly in his hands before kissing my wine-lips. I grimace and pull back to eat some more shitty linguine and clam sauce. Beside me, Edward is sweet-talking the schizophrenic while Rose and Emmett share skeptical—but teasing, of course—looks. Esme and Carlisle are sharing their own worried looks about their son and his dress-stealing girlfriend, while Sonny and Marlo look upon all of us like we're fucking crazy. Jasper and Alice show up late. It's totally like them, so half of us aren't even phased. They have Maggie with them—their disobedient two year old who I conveniently place on my lap. "Hello Maggie-Mags," I squeak, attacking her face with kisses. She slaps her drunk aunt away, giggling up a storm. Peter scoots away from us, and Edward drags his chair closer to talk to his niece. Beside him, Angela is biting her nails and looking down at the clam with fascination. I