This was my entry to Red Eyed Edward, I asked that it be removed, and so I'm sharing it here. I was lucky enough to have Judyblue and fyrebyrd89 look this over for me (a few times, since I was nervous with this being my first ever contest), and Frannie, is my lovely beta-momma. This is a one-shot. It will not be continued, so be warned... read at your own risk. Friday, October 1 st , 1999 "Edward," his mother calls, but the boy is far too distracted to notice she needs him. I drop my gaze to my Mary Janes, wondering what his deal is. Does he have a staring problem? I look up again and feel my frown intensify. The new neighbor boy is still watching me. "He looks older than us," Rosie mumbles, pulling her blue-razz Blow-Pop from her mouth. "Do you think he's going to be in our school?" I don't know, so I shrug. "Maybe." Edward takes his time walking back to the car, still keeping his eyes locked on me. He isn't really watching where he's going at this point, I wonder if he's going to trip and fall. "He's watching you." Rosie covers her hand over her mouth to muffle her giggle. He finally seems to snap out of it as he reaches his mom. She stands by a yellow Volkswagen Passat with her hands on her hips, berating him in a tone neither Rosie nor I can hear. "He's cute," she assesses with narrowed eyes. "But he's still weird." I say nothing, burying my hands in the pockets of my sweater jacket and sniffling against the cold air. I pluck a brown leaf from the ground and twirl it between my thumb and forefinger by the stem. "I don't know what his deal is." "Bella get in here and clean up this fucking living room!" my mother screams from inside the house. "You and that girl trash this house every time she comes over!" I sigh and jump up from the porch, turning to go inside. Rosie stands and turns too, jogging up the steps to open the screen door. I take one step and then look back, curious about the weird boy next door. I gasp when I see he's still looking at me with those creepy eyes of his. They're a weird reddish color, almost crimson. For a second I think he's going to wave, but instead he simply turns back to the Volkswagen to help his mom. . . . Monday, October 4 th , 1999 I don't know why I feel disappointment when I come home from school and my mom is gone. Sometimes she goes away for a couple of days. When she comes back, she pretends as if she were never gone. The new boy didn't show up to school today. I wonder if he goes to an all-boys school or something. I ponder this as I dig through the cabinet to make a sandwich. In the backyard with my PB and J, I trudge through piles of pinecones and mostly dead leaves, unable to come up with anything better to do. Rosie isn't allowed to come over on Monday nights, so I get bored after school without her. I kick a soccer ball around to pass time, allowing my thoughts to keep me company. I think about my friends and my mom, weird boys, and red eyes. Before I know it, the time is almost five and I have homework to do, so I turn to head inside when something out of the corner of my eye catches my attention. It's the long, sun-yellow car. I stop and stare, inadvertently creeping along the side of my house to eavesdrop. I know it's not right to snoop, but my curiosity has become one with me. When I see that the only one exiting the car is his mother, I frown and straighten my shoulders. Where was he all day? "Hi." I almost jump out of my skin in surprise, slapping my hand over my mouth to cover a scream that doesn't sound. I turn toward the chain link fence dividing my house from the little blue one next door and am met with a set of red eyes and a boyish smile. "Oh," I gasp, dropping my hand to my side. "You scared the crap out of me." His nose crinkles, his eyes growing small as if he's trying not to laugh. "Sorry." I nod, smiling in return. I dig my hands in my pockets, shifting awkwardly. "You didn't go to school today. Aren't you a ninth grader?" His face smooths as he shakes his head. "No. I'm homeschooled." My mouth falls open in surprise. "You're homeschooled? H-How does that happen?" "Edward!" A woman calls from within the house. His head snaps back, a low growl-like noise leaving his mouth. "Edward, where are you?" He turns to me and smiles apologetically. "Esme is my teacher. She doesn't think it's a good idea for me to go to school." I open my mouth to ask him what that means, but he turns his back to me before I get the chance. He trudges up the steps to his back porch, stopping just as he reaches the door to wave back at me. "I'll see you later, Bella." I stand there, speechless, watching as he retreats into his house. What is he? "Um … bye," I breathe out, staring at the empty space where he just stood. . . . Wednesday, October 6 th , 1999 Mama comes home today. She tells me she was staying with a friend and that she didn't think it was a big deal to leave me alone since she left a house full of food. "You're a big girl, Bella," she tells me as I follow her into her bedroom. She removes the gold bangles from her wrist and sets them on the dresser. "You can take care of yourself." I cross my arms over my chest and pretend to be unaffected. "But you should at least tell me when you're going somewhere. What if I needed you to sign something? What if I got hurt—" She turns to narrow her eyes at me. "Did you need me to sign something or were you injured while I was gone?" I shake my head. "No, I didn't." "There, then. See? You can take care of yourself." She digs through her dresser drawers. "Now, someone is going to be fifteen on Halloween and I just can't figure out what to get her. Do you know what she might want?" "I don't want anything from you," I mumble, turning my back on her to walk to my room and slam the door behind me. It's unusually cold in my room when I return. I notice the window's ajar so I walk over and slam it shut. . . . Friday, October 15 th , 1999 "Can you speak different languages?" Edward looks up at the gray sky and squints his eyes. "Twelve." I feel my eyes grow wide. "No, you can't." He laughs. "I can too. My mom knows a lot of different languages." "Why?" I wonder, leaning into the fence. "Why would you need to know all those languages?" He drags his hands over the fence, letting his fingers bounce over the wires. "We travel a lot." I smile. "You should take me with you." His eyes snap to mine and then back to the house. "No, I shouldn't. We're crazy." I nod, understanding. I follow him down the fence. "My family is crazy too. Well, mostly my mom, I guess. She likes to go places and party." He stops at the end of the fence and I wonder if he's going to come around and meet me. I wonder if I want him to come around. "Your mom is neglectful, not crazy. But that doesn't make her any better. She's selfish. Our parents do have that in common." I suck a piece of flesh between my teeth, almost feeling the need to defend my mom for some reason. Edward turns to face me, his lips curving in with a smile. "Esme wants to meet you." My breath hitches in my throat. Why would Edward's mom want to meet me? "She thinks I have a crush on you," he admits, his smile turning sheepish. "I guess it's weird. I mean, I do like you, but she thinks it's okay when it's not." I wonder what other girls my age would say to an admission like this. Trying to remember how to breathe, I suck in a mouthful of air that doesn't reach my lungs. "You ... why ... why wouldn't it be okay?" I stutter. His bright red orbs send shivers down my arms. It's as though he's trying to scare me away. "I can never have a girlfriend, Bella." His fingers link through the chains. My eyebrows push together. "Never?" He shakes his head. I don't know why I feel the way I do. Waves of rejection roll through me, my heart plummeting to my stomach. I pretend as if it isn't there as I take one step closer to him. "Why not?" His eyes flick from my face back to the ground. "You wouldn't understand if I told you." I wouldn't understand? I almost laugh at the typical response. "Try me," I press, following him back toward the house. "You don't know what I do and don't understand … I think I can keep up." He nods. "You're right. I shouldn't make those sort of assumptions." I sigh in defeat. "Well, I hope you'll see it doesn't have to be that way. And having a girlfriend isn't everything, you know? Friends are just as great." He steps away from the fence, turning back to his house. "I shouldn't have those either." . . Wednesday, October 20 th , 1999 Mom is gone again, but Rosie is here to keep my company. She brings a package of plastic spoons and lighters so we can make roses out of them. We spend most of the afternoon melting spoons and welding them together to form plastic flowers. We paint them with fingernail polish; Rosie's is pink with blue ends, and mine is black with silver glitter petals. We sit outside waiting for them to dry as Rosie tells me about the new boy at school. "He asked me if I wanted to go to homecoming." I beam for her. "And?" She nods, blushing profusely. I've never seen Rosie so red before. "I told him yes." Excited for my friend, I wrap my arms around her in a tight hug. "That's great, Rosie. It's going to be really, really fun." Our spoon roses dry in less than thirty minutes. Rosie takes hers home, and I wonder what I'm going to do with mine. I think about leaving it outside, but bring it to the chain link fence instead. "I don't know if you're in there," I whisper. I set the fake plastic rose on the barrier. "But this is for you." . . . Sunday, October 31 st , 1999 I don't know where she is, but I'm not so disheartened by her absence. She's become far too predictable these days, so I shouldn't have expected this day, in particular, to be any different from the others. I sleep until ten and read a book to pass the time. I play music and watch television. I chip at the polish on my fingernails and cover my hands with glue just so I can peel it off when it dries. And when noon strikes and the telephone rings, I already know it's Rosie calling so I pick it up and start blabbering my head off. "You know she didn't come home last night? She's such a liar, Rosie," I whine into the telephone. "Bella?" I suck my bottom lip between my teeth upon noting the boyish familiarity