Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. All rights belong to Stephenie Meyer and her affiliates. Some lines will be taken directly from New Moon, which is not mine. If there is any point where there is something else I borrowed I will announce that as well. Beginning Notes: I have wanted to write this story for several months, and decided to put the thought on the backburner until I advanced with the other stories I was working on. Well I am now at the point where I can write it. The pack dynamic is something that I am enthused by, and thought would be an awesome challenge. I don't know if this will be like other Sam/Bella stories because I have only ever read 2 and they were completely different from this. For the timeline I am basing it off this, Sam was born in 1986, this means as long as he was born in August or later he would be one school year older than Bella. There is no date listed for his birth so I am going to give him the birthdate of December 21st 1986. He started phasing in his senior year of school, and I am going to say it was May, the same month when Bella was attacked by James, this makes his first phase fall into line with my idea of why the pack existed. This story starts four months after his first phase, in September when Edward leaves Bella in the forest. I would say that in the original timeline Sam would have only imprinted on Emily at the end of summer or early fall, I changed the timeline a little bit in this aspect, making the bonfire the catalyst that could have restored Leah and his relationship. I enjoy the story behind the story and wouldn't start to write it if I couldn't see the possibility, especially using the characters in the actual universe, not a full alternate, even though it does have some alternate qualities to it. While I do love a great alternate universe, and writing them, we fell in love with the Twilight series, and I want my readers to not feel as if I completely went off the deep end. I also do not want them to feel that I am rewriting the book, especially in the first few chapters. It will be very different after several chapters, but until the imprint happens we will not much deviation. Divide- All That Remains Another second, I see you're on the verge of changing things tonight So no excuses, you just stop hold me You're wasting life Just let go and divide C hapter One: Search It seemed that my time since that fateful May day was spent either waiting for a phone call, reporting to my elders, or trying to manage my landscaping business. I no longer had time for myself, or at least that is how it felt. I was now in charge of the protection for my tribe, and I felt horribly inadequate. I also resented the fact that my life was no longer my own. Before the phase I had dreams beyond this place, I wanted to go to school, make a difference, change the world, but as long as those bloodsucking demons were in close proximity to me, I would have to wait. I would be stuck here, on the reservation, until the damn life sucking beasts chose to leave. I hated vampires with every fiber of my being. Not just for taking away my freedom, but for taking away the only real relationships I had left. They ruined my relationship with my mother, who was now fairly certain I was using some form of hard drug, and Leah who was certain that I was cheating on her. She hadn't even let me hug her since I got lost in the woods. I truly loved her, but now I felt isolated and lonely because I knew I would never be able to have a true romantic partner again, unless fate had a roll in things, but fate was a cruel bitch. Imprinting was a dream, because then there would be no secrets between me and my girl. Imprinting according to legend, was rare, only a small portion of wolves found the one who was meant for them. With buried tribal law, we were only able to reveal our secrets to those who refused to reveal it, and with normal relational bonds, women could take petty shots. One fight and everyone could know, hence the law. I was pacing through my house, trying to figure out what do to next when my phone began to ring. "Sam, we need you and the boys. Bella Swan has gone missing, she may have been bitten." Billy Black, my current chief, spoke to me when he heard the phone stop waiting. He didn't even wait for me to say hello. I felt anger course through me. She knew what they were. She risked her life, time and time again just to get close to the leeches, and now we were meant to save her? On the bright side if she were in fact bitten, I would be able to rip some demons to shreds, then piss on their bodies. "Why should we help her?" I hissed trying to remain petulant, simply to annoy my chief. It was easy, and a great way to expel some of my frustration and anger towards the world. "If she were changed, then her father needs closure from her death. If they killed her, we need to exterminate the parasites, and if she is lost you would feel awful if she died alone in the woods. Sam, I know she isn't a member of the tribe, but we owe her father a lot. He is an honorary member, having been helping us for years. He deserves our assistance, even if it is necessary to deliver bad news." I huffed in agitation as he finished speaking. He was right of course, it was difficult to admit it though. "Fine, I will get the boys in a car and we will be there in thirty minutes." I hung up my phone and phased in my living room, one of the benefits of having my own house. I let out a howl to alert my pack to phase. My wait was brief, and I was shortly joined by Jared and Paul. "Boss what's going on?" Jared asked causing me to roll my eyes at the nickname. Paul just grumbled like normal, not thinking much, other than the best way to decapitate a bloodsucker. "We need to track down Bella Swan, or at least come up with an explanation behind her disappearance. I think, and Billy agrees that she may have been bitten, or eaten." I thought through the pack connection, earning gasps of horror and disgust. "She may also just be lost, but I think there is more to it than that. Meet me here now, and we will drive over there to join the search party." I phased back and put on a pair of basketball shorts and a t-shirt. I made sure my cord was firmly attached to my ankle, and headed outside to meet my brothers. Arriving at Charlie's I noticed that we were not the only ones in the search party. It was as if he called the entire town. He was desperate for answers, and I knew secondhand from Billy that he never trusted the leech that took a liking to his daughter. I walked into his house, trying to scent Bella. That would make it easier. Upon entry I was assaulted with the burned sugar smell that went along with their kind, and found the concentration was strongest in Bella's bedroom. I growled in disgust, how could a leech feel it was ok to hang out in its dinner's room. A snake doesn't cuddle the rat before suffocating it. I was able to find something that smelled only of the girl, and slipped back outside, running directly into a distraught chief Swan. "Sam thank you for your help, I guess you went inside to see a recent picture of her?" I nodded, not wanting to draw suspicion to my wolf. "Well this is the only other clue that we have." He handed me a note that had no trace of Bella on it, only the demon. This wasn't looking good for the human girl. She was probably already a snack. "How are we dividing up the search party? Would you like any advice?" I asked Chief Swan, knowing I needed to get me and the pack in wolf form to find her the quickest. "I was going to have the women take the path, I will take the west perimeter with some of the men and you and the boys can take the east?" He phrased it as a question so I could have the option to object if need be. I liked his plan, so I nodded my acceptance and called my pack over to me. "We are taking the east side, women in the middle and men the west. We need to keep an eye and nose out for the leeches, they might still be around," I whispered the last part so only they could hear. Then we took off into the woods. Once we were out of sight and hearing distance I turned to my brothers, "Jared I want you to stay in wolf form until we find her, or a clue as to what happened. I need you to run to the Cullen house and check to see if they are holding her hostage there. Do not go inside, do not get to close, just listen to see if you can hear a heartbeat or any indication that they are there. Paul I want you to stay out of sight and search the east side of the woods for a scent trail. I will take the middle and do the same. Jared, after you visit their lair, I want you to do the west side." I spoke out my orders, feeling a little bit of the alpha come out. "If you find one, track, alert, but do not attack until we have formed a plan against the cold bastards." They nodded at me and phased, tying shorts and t-shirts around their ankles, but leaving their shoes where they were. We could come back for them. "The Cullen house is empty Boss," Jared spoke through the pack link. Confusion became evident in my thoughts. "How long?" I asked, hoping he was good enough at dating scent trails to give me an accurate answer. Paul was not the greatest, which was why he was tracking, not investigating. "About a week, I can't be 100% sure. Nothing new leaving the house through the woods. I am going to get closer." He replied, causing me to feel a little bit uncomfortable. I didn't like the idea of him getting up to the windows, but it might necessary to figure out what happened. "Be careful." I told him turning back to my task. The demon led her up the path that was definite, but then it split in two, his leading to the west, and hers to the east. Her path was peppered with small amounts of blood, and skid marks as if she was falling down continually. "Paul, he went your way. I found her trail, I think she may still be alive. Track his trail, make sure he isn't still lurking around." I barked and made my way up the path. By now it was dark, and it seemed like half the search party had left. It made it easier for me to locate the girl in my chosen way. I followed her trail, and at the base of a tree there was a girl who was fully broken. It appeared that she had tripped, and just decided to stay