Celes sat staring out the window of the two story flat she lived in now alone. She had gotten up that morning and robotically gone through the motions of dressing and bathing. She watched as people bustled by on the streets of London quite unaware of her watching them. She got up and went over to the kitchen. She wasn't really hungry she just forced herself to eat, for the baby's sake nowadays. She looked at the calendar and gave a little gasp. Three months to the day, three months since she had lost not only her uncle but her soul-mate, Roman. Her heart clenched as she thought about it. She remembered she had screamed for hours until someone sedated her. Then she remembered waking up only hours later to find Alan and her Father sitting next to her bed. Both were worried for her. "I…" she said but Alan stood brushing the hair back off her forehead. "Don't speak right now okay? You tore up your throat pretty badly with all your screaming." he had said, his eyes were sad. Celes remembered tears falling down her face. "We are making arrangements for you and Harry to live in the flat in London." Amos said coming to the other side of the bed and taking Celes' hand. Celes had shook her head, she didn't want Harry there, she didn't want him to see her slightly mad. She wanted to be alone. "Celes, you will need him." Alan said softly. Celes had pushed herself up at that point and forced out the words. "No, I don't want Harry." she had said it just as he walked in, she saw the pain on his face but turned away from him. She had heard him stock off and she had cried again. Now back at the flat Celes almost missed having people around, but only almost. The person she wanted around the most was dead and gone and there was nothing anyone could do about it. She felt like a part of herself died that day. She hated Roman so much for dieing, she had tried for almost three weeks straight to find her with their bond. She had, had no luck. The only thing that seemed to be left from the War for Celes were terrible PTSD nightmares and the baby that grew within her. She dropped her hand down and rubbed her belly where it swelled out ever so slightly. She was only four months along at this point. She munched on an apple and went back into the living space. Her children were not here with her either, Jude was with her Father who was now living in the restored home in Godrics Hollow, and Alaric was with Alan. Blaise was with Alan as well so he could be close to his son, he was working as Alan's second hand man, he was technically an employee of the American Ministry of Magic. Celes was pleased for him but she didn't think she could ever be happy again. She looked across the room at the pictures on the fireplace mantle, all of the glass was out of the frames because Celes had thrown the pictures when she had arrived. They were mostly pictures of Roman and herself. She saw the one of Lee and Roman and her heart pulled again. Lee had died that day too, she had lost both of them. The doorbell rang and Celes jumped. No one came to the house unless it was Alan and he never rang the bell. Celes went to the door and looked through the peep hole to find a portly witch on the other side. Curious she opened the door a crack and peaked out. "May I help you?" she asked the witch. "Are you Celes Potter?" the witch asked blinking up at Celes from the stoop. "Erm, yes." Celes said softly. "What do you want?" "I'm here from St. Mungos, Mrs. Potter, and I'm here to offer you a job." she said smiling a little. Celes looked at her a little longer and then opened the door stepping back to allow her in. "Would you like some tea and cakes? We could go in the kitchen." Celes said motions to the left of the small foye. "Yes, that would be good." the witch said. When they were in the kitchen and Celes had finished the tea she placed the tray and sat down. "My name is Healer Milly Jones, and I'm in charge of HR. We were looking over your classes records and found you came highly recommended." she said adding three sugar cubes and a bit of cream to her tea. Celes added two sugar cubes and more cream than Milly and took a sip before answering. "Oh really? What would I be doing at St. Mungos?" she asked. "Well you would work on the special magics floor, the new ways to heal floor. Where we send the patients that we have no healing spells or potions for. We saw in your third year you devised a way to heal a soul." Milly said and Celes dropped her spoon causing the tea to splash all over herself, she stood quickly. "I'm sorry, yes...I did that. I...I except the job but only if people leave me alone." Celes said wiping herself off. "Mrs. Potter? What do you mean?" Milly asked. "I mean...I don't want to make friends...I'm not ready for friends. I need something to do outside of this flat so I'll take the job; but people should be warned I'm a bit mad." she said feeling a little undone. "Mad? You hardly seem mad to me Mrs. Potter." Milly said. "This is one of my good days." Celes said smiling roothfully. "Awe, well i will pass it along, you will start work next week Monday, be there 0800." Milly said standing and Celes gave a nod. "I will." she said and walked the lady out. When she shut the door she pushed her back against. "Mrs. Potter, eh?" she whispered wringing her hands together. "No, no...I'm Mrs. McTaggert...no, sorry she died no, youre Celes Diggory you are...but she died too….no no Youre Mrs. Potter now. But Mrs. Potter? Where is Mr. Potter….yes where is Harry Potter." she walked up the stairs and began to yell. "Where is Harry Potter? Where is Harry Potter?" she got to her bedroom and laid down on her left side still muttering to herself. "Where is Roman McTaggert? Where is Lee Jordan? Where is Severus Snape? And where the bloody hell is Celes Nichole Diggory?" she finally nodded off mumbling to herself. The dream started as it always did, Celes screaming at Roman to stop, feeling what Roman was doing, feeling her heart trying to explode out of her chest. Then she was in the courtyard and Voldemort was there laughing and standing over Roman's dead body. Celes would scream then and try a spell but he would repel it. Then the floor became littered with her loved ones, she would walk through them but she doesn't want to see what's happening. Then she reaches the end, and there are her babies, Jude and Alaric...and Lucas. Celes let out a scream and sat bolt upright. She didn't see the person sitting in the dark at first, when she did she turned her head to him, and her uncles eyes met hers. "I had another episode." she said softly. "I saw." Severus said softly. In the back of her mind she knew he wasn't real, he was just a manifestation of her subconscious looking to deal with her trauma. She looked at him irritably. "Stop coming back." she snapped getting out of bed and going into the bathroom. "Stop making me come back." Severus said, he was now sitting on the toilet. "You very well know I can't. The only reason I seem to function at all is because you are around." Celes snapped. "Yes my dear, I know. But one day soon you will have to." Severus said softly and Celes looked in the mirror. Despite her madness and depression she was very healthy, that had a lot to do with her vitamins she took for the baby. "I don't know if I can." Celes said eyes filling with tears, she cried once or twice a day now. It was lesser than when she first got there. She swiped at her eyes and looked where he had been, but he was gone. She sighed and left the bathroom looking around the small room, she refused to stay in the master it reminded her too much of Roman. She heard the front door of the flat open and her heart gave a little leap. She went down the stairs and instead of Alan standing in the foyer it was Blaise. "What are you…?" she asked but was cut off by him pulling her into a hug. She pulled away though immediately. "Sorry." he said. "Alan said you didn't…" he watched her carefully. "I am fine, Blaise. I dont know who I am sometimes; but 'Im fine." Celes said stepping back another step. "Rick is asking about you, he says Jude is as well." Blaise said softly following Celes into the living area. "Yes, I suppose they are. But I don't want them around while I'm a looney bin factory." Celes said sitting. "He can't reach out to you." Blaise said and Celes' throat closed up she nodded. "That was Ro…" she couldn't finish. "I'm sorry, I'll stop. Alan sent me to check up on you." Blaise said, he turned on his PA side and Celes sighed. "Tell him I'm better. I had another episode today but it was shorter and didn't happen in front of anyone this time." Celes said smiling a bit. "Okay." Blaise said and then looked around the living room. "What else is there Blaise?" she asked annoyed. "He heard you're taking a job." Blaise said. "Yes, at St. Mungos, its about time." Celes said. "But if you have an…" "Then I'll be at the hospital won't I. They will know what to do. Besides I don't have to work with anyone except the patients." she said waving her hand. "Alright." Blaise said he stood and so did she. "I will come by after your first day then. Maybe I could bring Harry?" he tried and Celes instantly became aggressive. "No, no no no, he can't...I can't….no….no….where is Harry Potter? Where...where is Lee Jordan…." she mumbled as Blaise lifted her in his arms. "I'm sorry, I didnt mean to trigger you." he said carrying her up to the room she was staying in. "Trigger...sleeping….all I do is sleep and try to find people I lost." she said in a dreamy state. "I know. Drink." he said and she did and soon fell into a dreamless sleep. Lee sighed as he walked up to the door of the London flat. He had found him and Ro a flat close to the cost of the ocean. He figured the smell and the sounds of the ocean would calm Ro. Ever since the war Ro had went mad. Every day he had watched her. He fed her, bathed her, and talked to her. She had good days where she would talk and communicate with him. One thing she would always tell him was that she wanted to go home and she wanted Celes. Then she had really bad days where the whole house would be destroyed. glass, windows, plates, would be shattered all over the floor. Cabinets off kilter, furniture knocked over, and bookshelves laid face down. When she was done she would stand around lost with nothing to do. He would pick her up and take her to her room, clean and heal whatever wounds. He would then lay with her in her bed and sing to her until she fell asleep. Then he would magically clean and repair everything. On regular days she would