Memoirs of the Master of Death Chapter 1: Everything has to start somewhere "Ron?" The redhead turned around as he heard his girlfriend's voice, a smile on his face, as soon as he saw the expression on her face however, it froze. She looked worried. Very worried. And frankly it worried Ron. After all this was a time to rejoice and mourn those they had lost. The war against the dark lord Voldemort was finally over. Harry had seen to it. Now they had to rebuild. But if he interpreted the look on Hermione's face correctly, he was going to be faced with something he would rather not deal with. "What wrong Hermione?" She shook her head and ran her hand through her hair. A gesture that clearly showed that something was bothering her. She looked harried. "Hermione?" Their gazes met. "It's Harry Ron, I can't find him." Ron blinked and looked around, searching for the familiar mob of black hair. He could not find Harry among the people working around him. "Neville?" The other boy looked up from where he was taking care of the Devilssnares that had been used to defend the castle against the Deatheater., and looked at Ron questioningly. "Have you seen Harry?" "I saw him at breakfast, but since then…" Neville shook his hand and shrugged. "Sorry. Maybe he is with Ginny?" "Thanks Nev." The other boy waved him of and Ron turned towards his girlfriend again. "Have you checked with Ginny?" She scowled at him. "Of cause I have. No one has seen in since shortly after breakfast. Luna said that Harry got a letter." Ron laughed. "Well he has been getting a lot of those lately, hasn't he. Defeating the dark Lord again. Why ever would people want to write to him." He chuckled, but upon noticing that the brunettes expression hadn't changed at all he stopped and frowned. "What's the problem Hermione?" She looked around again, her eyes searching every corner for their best friend. "She said something strange. And no-" She gave him a stern glare as he opened his mouth to answer. "I am quite aware that that is no unusual behavior for Luna. It is just what she said…" She trailed off and started to walk up the great staircase that had been partly destroyed during the final battle. Ron followed behind wondering what the blond Ravenclaw could have said to make Hermione this worried. "What did she say?" Hermione opened and closed her mouth a couple of times before shaking her head. "I am probably overreacting. You know how Harry hates attention; maybe he just hid somewhere to get some peace and quiet. Yes." She nodded to herself and changed her course. "That must be it. Let's check the library Ron." Amused despite himself he grabbed her arm, forcing her to come to a halt. "We are searching for Harry, Hermione, not for you." "I just want to check." There was desperation in her voice and her eyes were beginning to fill with tears. Ron froze. "Hermione." He sounded harsher than he had intended, but maybe she would finally tell him, what was bothering her. "What did Luna say, tell me." She stared at a point over his head, and Ron could easily imagine Luna Lovegood doing the same thing, when she talked to Hermione earlier. "She said… She said, that she saw Harry earlier and that he got a letter. A letter that made him very sad and happy, then he told her, that he was going to check something outside." Ron blinked. "And what about that got you so worried?" She glared at him, no meeting his eyes. "That not all she said. She said, that she told him, goodbye and that she was pleased to have called him a friend." "What-?" Ron had no idea what to think. Of course Luna occasionally said strange things, but they were never like that. After all if Hermione relied her words correctly, and he was quite sure that she had, then it did sound like Harry was dead, or going to die and that the conversation Luna and harry had in the morning was the last one they would have. "Yes, and then she told me, that Harry's story was a really sad one. Why would she say something like that?" Ron had no idea. While he knew that Harry's life had not been pleasant, the hardest part was over now. But to call a story sad… Ron would only do so once he knew the ending. And that was a very unsettling thought. He could easily say, that he did not know Luna all that well, and that she freaked him out a little, but he knew her well enough to know, that Luna Lovegood, would not say something like that without a good reason. And suddenly he understood all too well, why his girlfriend was so very worried. "Alright. Let's find Harry." Hermione gave him a tight smile and nodded. "I have checked the great hall and the Gryffindor tower before that. Are you sure we should not check the library, maybe he is hiding there because no one would expect him too." "Have you checked outside?" She simply stared at him. "Come on love, use that brilliant brain of yours. You yourself just told me, that Luna told you, that Harry wanted to take care of something outside. Shouldn't we check there first?" Hermione blushed at the endearment he used but nodded in response. "Of course, let's go. How could I have been so stupid." Ron simply chucked and followed the witch as she turned on her heel, glad to have a general idea where to start their search while trying to ignore the bad feeling in his stomach and the worry, that they would not find Harry outside. Luna's words always caused a reaction, but this time it was not funny. As they reached the entrance hall again, Hermione looked back over her shoulder at him. "Do you remember our talk in professor Dumbledore's office yesterday?" Ron nodded. "Do you think he is bringing the you-know-what, back to the headmasters grave?" This time it was Hermione who nodded. "Yes, he said, that he was going to take care of it today, didn't he? Maybe he just stayed outside a little." "Yeah, maybe." But he knew, that Harry had taken care of that yesterday evening after all. Ron had come with him and watched as his best friend placed the wand back in his dead mentors hands. Harry could still be there thought, Ron tried to reassure himself. Maybe he simply went back there to find closure. But they did not find their friend at the marble tomb either. Harry had not been here, the tomb was still split open showing Albus Dumbledore's dead body, no wand in sight. Ron felt his insides freeze. "It seems like he wasn't here yet…" Hermione trailed of as she noticed the look on his face and Ron swallowed with difficulty. "He was here Hermione. We went here yesterday evening." He could not meet her gaze instead he stared transfixed at the empty hands of the former headmaster. "Harry put the wand back." "But it's gone." Her voice held an edge of hysteria, but Ron could not blame her, he was fighting the feeling himself. Grasping her hand he forced himself to think of something they could do. "Let's talk to Dumbledore's portray." Hermione nodded and grasped his hand squeezing it. "Yes let's… Maybe the letter Harry got was from the person who took the wand. Harry would have told Professor Dumbledore, wouldn't he?" She was not looking at him as she talked though, dragging him behind her as she made her way through the hallways, or she would have seen the disagreement on his face. It was Hermione who had always urged Harry to talk to Dumbledore. His best friend, when left to his own devices, usually preferred to deal with such matters on his own. On their way to Dumbledore's office Ron and Hermione had run into Professor McGonagall, who had inquired whether they had found Harry. She had seemed worried as well and had decided to accompany them, hoping to find Harry in the office itself. Ron didn't share their enthusiasm however, he had the feeling that something was wrong and while he believed that going to the headmasters office was a good idea, he did not believe that they would find Harry there. He was right. The office was empty except for the portrays of the former headmasters. Professor Dumbledore was just popping a Lemon Drop, he had insisted to be painted with a bowl full of them, in his mouth when they entered. "Ah Minerva, Mr. Weasley, Mr. Granger, it is good to see you all…" He trailed off as he noticed their anxious expressions. "Is something bothering you?" Hermione nodded. "Yes sir, we can't find Harry..:" She was cut off by a derisive snort. It seemed like Professor Snape had decided to join their conversation and planned on doing so by insulting Harry. Ron wondered if the man would ever get bored of it. He did not get far however, as Hermione threw him a glare that would have made the dark Lord proud. Professor Snape fell quite and glared back at Hermione, Professor Dumbledore however set up straight in his chair. "Is something wrong with Harry?" His eyes wander over the new headmistress and the two former students. Ron was the only one who gave a reaction. He shrugged. "Eh, that's what we would like to know sir. No one has seen him since this morning and…" He trailed of and looked towards Hermione, hoping that she would inform the others what they had found, or rather not found in Professor Dumbledore's grave. She did not look at him, instead she was staring at the frame of Dumbledore's portray. "Well we are worried, he got a letter this morning, Luna said something strange… and…" Ron hesitated but in the end decided that stalling did not gain them anything. "Your wand is gone sir, Harry and I brought it back yesterday evening, but the grave is empty." No one said a thing, but McGonagall looked up worriedly, she had not know of this development, Snape looked uneasy, but it was Professor Dumbledore's reaction that surprised Ron the most. He seemed defeated. "Sir?" Hermione had noticed it was well and was looking at the portray, eyes full of worry. Dumbledore looked up and gave a small smile, but it was not very convincing. "Ah, I had just hoped, that it would be over, that the wand would be forgotten.." Ron snorted and flinched under the glares he was receiving, but really what were they expecting. Harry had announced the existence of the wand and his mastery of it in the middle of the great hall, surrounded by students, creatures, death eaters and order members. Someone would have figured out where Harry would place it and of course someone would come for it. It had only been a matter of time after all. But still, Ron felt a little bad about it, the headmaster had seemed so relived yesterday when Harry had told him, that it was over, hearing now, not even a day later that it would begin anew… It was sad. Just as Ron was about to say something, apologize maybe, he wasn't sure, another voice interrupted. "You do not have to worry about the wand." All heads turned towards the sorting hat. "The wand is history." It seemed amused to part with this knowledge. "What do you mean?" It was Hermione who managed to collect herself enough to ask the old frail hat this question. "The Elder wand is destroyed." Dumbledore was the only one letting out a sigh of relief. "But where is Harry?" Yes Ron, decided, that was the question and everything else could wait until they had the answer.