Day with Daeradar Disclaimer : I own nothing. Everything belongs to Tolkien. Summary : Oneshot. Though there was no greater joy than the birth of his daughter, Celeborn's heart was renewed when his grandsons were born. Watching them for a day was another matter entirely as Haldir also gets a taste of parenthood. Rating : K+ Genre : Family/Humor Characters : Celeborn, Elladan/Elrohir, and Haldir, features Glorfindel, Erestor, Elrond, Celebrían, Rúmil, and Galadriel Author's Note : And it's Celeborn's turn! Much love to the Elf lord of Lothlórien. Just a fun, fluffy story to bring a smile to your faces. This one was mainly written not just because Celeborn is one of my favorite characters, but because there aren't too many family fics with him out there. It's main focus, by the title, is bonding with his troublemaking grandsons, but there's also a bit of focus on his relationship with Celebrían. My experiences with babysitting two boys, as well as my little cousin, have really been helpful for this story, lol! No slash in any respects. Read, review, but just no flames please. Enjoy! Elvish: daeradar – grandfather hír-nín – my lord suilaid – greetings elleth – Elf maiden meleth-nín – my love iel-nín – my daughter ada – father naneth – mother penneth – young one muindor – brother híril-nín – my lady ion-nín – my son Celeborn dismounted his horse, the couple archers who had accompanied him on the journey to Rivendell doing the same behind him as dark-haired guards approached them to take their horses. The Elf lord smiled as he cast his light eyes to the house of Elrond before him, glad he had traveled to Imladris for a pleasurable occasion. Such matters were far and few between in this time of darkness. He then turned to the gray-cloaked archers waiting patiently behind him, his smile lingering. "We are prepared when you are, hír-nín ," Haldir, the young captain of the guard, said with a slight but respectful nod. When he met Celeborn's gaze, a matching smile graced his fair features. The Elf lord returned the nod. He had been anticipating this visit since Galadriel had made the same journey, and he wished not to delay. Celeborn led the way up the steps, Haldir and the remaining two archers following close behind, and the wooden door was opened once they reached the porch. Golden-haired Glorfindel stepped through, a smile residing in his fair features, with Erestor, the lord of Imladris' chief advisor, a step behind him. They both bowed respectfully to their guests. " Suilaid , Lord Celeborn," the twice-born warrior greeted once they straightened again. "You are expected by the Lord and Lady." "Right this way," the thinner, dark-haired Elf added. Celeborn nodded to them before he stepped into the house with Glorfindel beside him, Erestor, Haldir, and the archers following behind. The golden-haired warrior turned to his companion as he led them down the hall, an excited gleam in his light eyes. "It was an honor to have Lady Galadriel with us," he said, his smile lingering. "She truly loved them, as I am certain you will." "She has told me all about them," Celeborn replied with a smile of his own. "I could hardly wait to see them for myself. She was captivated." Glorfindel chuckled quietly. "They are precious," he muttered in agreement. "They have won the heart of every elleth who has set eyes on them." He paused as Celeborn's smile broadened. "They are a blessing in this house." Celeborn nodded, unsure of what else he could say since he had yet to see them. They reached the staircase, though only the two Elf lords proceeded to climb them. Erestor, Haldir, and the archers remained behind, wishing to give the lord of Lothlórien a private moment with the two newest additions to his family. Once they reached the top of the staircase, they found Lord Elrond waiting for them. He nodded in respect to the older Elf, and Celeborn returned it before he stepped forward and clasped the arms of the son he had gained through marriage. Elrond smiled as he returned the greeting before he led the way down the hall, Glorfindel opting to stay behind as well. "I still have not become completely accustomed to being a father," the dark-haired Elf lord said quietly as they slowed their pace a bit to have a moment to speak together. "It is unfamiliar for me to have two beings who rely on me completely for their every need. However, I love them even more than my own life." Celeborn smiled, remembering how he had experienced similar feelings when his own daughter had been born. "You will learn," he told him, setting a steady hand on his shoulder. "There is no greater joy than taking your child into your arms for the first time, for it is a great love shared at that very moment." He turned his light gaze to Elrond. "Or shall I say children ?" Elrond met his gaze, his smile returning. "Aye," he agreed quietly with a nod. "I have never felt such a love." As they neared a door at the end of the hall, Celeborn slowed his pace even more while Elrond gave him a curious glance, this feeling of anticipation all too familiar. He had felt it once, long ago, on the beautiful night that had changed his life completely. Celeborn restlessly paced outside the room. He had faced many battles and hardships in his life, though he had never been so anxious. This moment was one he had been anticipating for what he felt had been a long time, though now that it had arrived, his nerves were higher than they had ever been. He was concerned about how Galadriel was faring, if there were any complications, if he would be an able father to their child, if... if... if... His racing thoughts trailed off when the door opened, and he abruptly came to a halt. The midwife who had assisted them stepped out into the hallway, and Celeborn lightly grasped her arms. "How fares my wife?" he immediately asked. "And... and... my child?" The words were unfamiliar to him, and he found he still hesitated on them. The midwife smiled in reassurance as she brushed some of her dark hair back from her face. "It would be better for you to see for yourself," she answered quietly. Her words, however, did nothing to calm him, and Celeborn released her before quickly stepping around her and pushing through the door of the dark room. "Galadriel–!" But the rest of his statement went unsaid as he paused and gazed curiously at the sight before him. Galadriel looked up at him from where she was leaning back against the pillows on the bed, the faint moonlight reflecting off her slightly paler face. Though she appeared exhausted and her face was pale and clammy, she was still as beautiful as always to him as she brushed some golden hair behind her ear. A small smile appeared on her face as she turned her proud gaze to the small bundle of blankets she cradled in her arms. "It is all right, Celeborn. She is healthy. Come see your daughter." Daughter. His wife had given birth to a healthy infant girl. That was truly a blessing from the Valar. Celeborn closed the door quietly behind him before he slowly crossed the room, almost cautiously sitting on the bed beside his wife. Galadriel looked at him expectantly before she rose her hand and carefully moved the blanket away from the face of the tiny Elfling she held close to her. His eyes widened with wonder when he found himself gazing upon the most remarkable sight he had ever seen. The sleeping child in her arms was the most beautiful he had ever set his eyes on. Her smooth features reminded him greatly of his wife's beside him, and he marveled at how small she truly was. Celeborn slowly raised his hand and carefully brushed her tiny fingers that loosely gripped the blanket before running his thumb lightly over her cheek and the thin traces of her fair hair. Galadriel's eyes gleamed as she watched the cautious yet affectionate display from her husband. "She is yours, meleth-nín ," she murmured. His . Celeborn felt a small, proud smile appear on his own face, unable to move his eyes from the infant's peaceful expression. Their daughter. She was his . " Iel-nín ..." Galadriel then slowly moved the small Elfling toward him, and Celeborn met his wife's gaze with confusion. When she gave him a reassuring nod, he slowly held his arms out, hesitantly taking the delicate bundle when she handed their daughter to him. He cradled her close to his chest, fascinated by how light she was. "She... she is beautiful..." he whispered, though he knew the one word was not enough. However, there were no words he could use to describe how he felt about the child resting peacefully in his arms or the joy she gave him. Galadriel merely gave him a knowing smile in return. Then, Celeborn gazed at the infant in amazement when she slowly opened her eyes, moving her light gaze to his face. He slowly reached his finger out and touched her hand, captivated by the striking blue orbs that were so similar to his wife's. His smile returned when her tiny hand wrapped around his larger finger, holding it securely, and a thin line of tears formed in his eyes when she made a quiet sound of content. He already loved his daughter more than he could say. Celeborn was brought out of his memories when he reached the door Elrond had stopped before. The lord of Imladris knocked quietly before pushing it open and looking inside, and the older Elf found himself beginning to feel slightly nervous. Elrond then turned to face him, a smile on his face as he gestured for him to enter. The lord of Lothlórien took a deep breath as he stepped into the dark room, Elrond staying behind in the hallway as he shut the door behind him to give them some privacy. The sight before him was familiar, though very different. Celebrían turned her gaze from the cradle she was standing beside when she heard the door close, brushing some of her silver hair behind her ear as a broad smile appeared on her face. " Ada ." Celeborn returned the smile as she crossed the room to him, wrapping his arms around her securely and holding her close when she approached. "It brings me great joy to see you, iel-nín ," he said, kissing her forehead when she pulled away a little though still remained in his arms. "Your beauty grows with each passing sun." Celebrían laughed quietly before she left a gentle kiss on her father's cheek. "It is wonderful to see you, Ada ," she replied, her light eyes gleaming. "I miss you and Naneth ." "As we dearly miss you," Celeborn told her, his smile lingering. Before either of them could say anything more, there was a quiet sound from the cradle near the window. Celebrían slowly pulled out of Celeborn's embrace as she glanced over her shoulder when a sound similar to the first was heard. Then, her smile returning, she took her father's hands in hers as she looked back at him with excitement. "Come see them, Ada ," she muttered. Celeborn nodded, allowing his daughter to bring him across the room. Celebrían released his hands when they approached the cradle, and the Elf lord's eyes widened slightly. Though there was plenty of room to fit them both, the dark-haired twins were lying close beside each other toward the center of the crib, one of each of their small hands touching the other. They were sleeping, tough they both appeared to be growing wakeful. "They are never separated when they are in