Wilted Disclaimer : I own nothing. Everything belongs to Tolkein. Summary : Oneshot. "You don't have to be afwaid. I'm hewe now." When Glorfindel is gravely injured on patrol, he is nearly consumed by the shadows of his past. Can one small boy bring him out of the darkness? Rating : T Genre : Angst/Hurt/Comfort Characters : Glorfindel and Aragorn/Estel, features Erestor, Elrond, and Elladan/Elrohir, mentions of Gliraen Author's Note : My Glorfindel muse wouldn't stay quiet. Little Estel insisted on making an encore appearance. Voíla, you have this story. Written with some help from "Into the West" by Annie Lennox. No slash in any respects between any of the characters. Reviews are welcome, just no flames please. Enjoy! "Why do you weep? What are these tears upon your face? Soon you will see All of your fears will pass away Safe in my arms You're only sleeping..." -Annie Lennox, "Into the West" Elvish: ada – father penneth – young one muindor – brother hír-nín – my lord daro – stop ion-nín – my son tithen pen – little one hannon le – thank you mellon-nín – my friend "Lord Glorfindel!" The anxious voice sounded distant as though from far away, though he knew the owner of it was beside him. But the only thing he was aware of was the intense pain in his side, burning steadily away at him, and the hard ground beneath his back. It was a familiar feeling, burning, one that would often wake him from his nightmares in the dead of night. But it was a feeling that would fade once he pulled himself from the visions of his past, only a mere haunting memory of a time long ago. The fires would be quelled, the lingering shadows would dissipate, and he would be in the safety of his room in his home in Imladris, far from the suffocating horrors of darkness. Of flames. Of death. But this pain was different. He knew this pain would not fade once he opened his eyes. "Lord Glorfindel!" That voice he knew sounded a bit closer this time, and Glorfindel slightly turned his head toward it, hoping that if he could grasp onto it securely enough, it would bring him out of this burning pain. With more effort than it should have required, he forced his eyes to open, squinting a bit in the faint light of the rising sun. There was an audible sigh of relief from near his ear, and his weary gaze landed on the youthful face of a dark-haired guard he recognized to be under his command. "'Tis a relief you are awake, Lord Glorfindel," he muttered, giving him a small smile though his dark eyes flickered nervously to where the pain in his side was coming from. "You gave us a fright. You lost consciousness once more... We were afraid you would not wake again." Glorfindel narrowed his eyes in confusion, the words not making sense to his weary mind. "What..." His voice, which sounded weak even to him, broke off. He could not remember what had happened or how he had come to suffer this burning pain. What the twice-born warrior could recall was that he had been leading a peaceful patrol back from Mirkwood. They had stopped for the night. He had started a fire. There were loud shrieks. Swords were drawn. It had happened so fast... "We are near Imladris," the dark-haired Elf continued, and Glorfindel felt his hand, the fingers cold against his burning skin, wrap around his securely. "Hold on. We will be there soon. I have sent word ahead for Lord Elrond to be prepared." But Glorfindel did not heed his words. Memories assaulted his mind. He closed his eyes tightly in effort to restrict them, but even then, the images were still clearly seen. Smoke. Flames. Both surrounded him and oppressed his senses as he ran through the streets, his sword drawn. Gondolin was falling. The House of the Golden Flower was wilting. He pulled a terrified Elfling out from beneath a collapsing door frame before the flaming pieces could trap him, gently pushing him toward a few other exiles of the realm he was leading to safety. He straightened up and surveyed the destruction of his once beautiful home, screams echoing around him... "Lord Glorfindel!" "Lord Glorfindel!" The voice of the guard beside him broke through his thoughts once more, but this time, Glorfindel found he could not grasp onto it even as the hand around his tightened. His hold on that familiar voice loosened. He was suffocating, burning once again. Heel. Toe. Heel. Toe. Heel. Toe. Erestor glanced down on the dark hair of the restless five-year-old standing behind the railing beside him. The chief advisor had been charged with greeting the patrol as it returned, and the young foster son of Elrond had insisted he do the same. "Calm yourself, Estel," he said with slight irritation. "He will not return any sooner because of your incessant bouncing." Estel immediately stopped, casting his wide, gray eyes up to the slender Elf. "Sowwy," he replied. "I'm 'cited! Awen't you 'cited, Ewestor?" Despite himself, Erestor felt a slight smile curl up the corner of his lips, and he turned his face away so his young companion would not see it. He was not surprised the child was anticipating Glorfindel's return. Estel had attached himself to the Balrog Slayer since he had first come to Imladris three years before, a love which was returned by the golden-haired warrior. And though the chief advisor would not openly admit it, Glorfindel was his closest, most trusted friend. He was glad he would be returning, as well. "Aye, Estel," he finally muttered. He shook his head slightly when Estel grinned and looked out at the trees again, his anxious bouncing returning immediately after. Heel. Toe. Heel. Toe. Heel. Toe. Then, Estel suddenly stopped, his face lighting up. "Howses!" he exclaimed, smiling up at Erestor as he pointed at the single black steed that had ridden into view from the direction of the gate. "Howses, Ewestor! Gwowfy's coming!" Erestor met the boy's excited gaze for a moment, nodding once. Estel's smile broadened as he ran down the few steps that led up to the porch toward the approaching horse to wait for his beloved friend. But as the chief advisor glanced back at the soldier who had returned first, his dark eyes narrowed as he leaned forward on the railing. There was clear fear and concern on the other dark-haired Elf's pale face. "Wait, Estel!" Erestor shouted, hurrying after the child. Something was wrong. Estel stopped and turned around in confusion as the horse stopped beside him, the guard hardly acknowledging the boy's presence as he leapt fluidly to the ground. "What has happened?" Erestor asked anxiously when he approached them. The soldier met the chief advisor's gaze, but his eyes moved down to Estel when the child reached out and pulled on his sleeve to get his attention. "Gwowfy?" he wondered expectantly. Erestor took Estel's hand and gently turned his face to him. "Not now, Estel," he muttered before turning to the soldier again. "Now. Tell me what has happened." Estel looked from Erestor to the second dark-haired Elf when he started speaking in quick Sindarin, not able to understand what he was saying. The only thing he was able to pick out was Glorfindel's name. However, it was Erestor's response to whatever was said that frightened him. The stern advisor stiffened, and though his fair face remained impassive, it grew a shade paler. "Send for Lord Elrond," he ordered with authority. The guard nodded and hurried past them into the house. "Why is he going to Ada ?" Estel looked up at the dark-haired Elf with wide eyes. Erestor sighed as a couple guards approached them to take the horse back to the stables. "Come, Estel," he said quietly, picking up the child into his arms and quickly walking back toward the house. Estel struggled in his hold, twisting his small form to look back over the chief advisor's shoulder. "I want to wait for Gwowfy!" he replied adamantly, trying to escape from his arms. "Pwease, Ewestor? We wewe s'posed to pway when he got back!" But Erestor's hold on him was strong despite his lithe frame, his step unhindered as he walked up the few steps and into the house despite Estel's protests. "There will be time for that later, Estel," he told him firmly as he walked down the hallway to the boy's room. He pushed open the door and entered, setting the little mortal down on the bed. "I want you to stay here until I say otherwise. Do I make myself clear?" "But–!" Estel began to argue, but he immediately stopped when the chief advisor's dark eyes narrowed. "Yes, Ewestor." Erestor did not move for a long moment, waiting until Estel lowered his gaze before he sighed when he heard the defeat in his voice. He did not enjoy being so stern with the child, but he knew if Glorfindel had the choice, he would not want him to be there when he was returned. It would be better this way. Erestor then leaned forward, setting his hand lightly on top of Estel's dark hair. "It will be all right, penneth ," he murmured. "You will see." Estel looked back up at him, and the chief advisor felt his heart almost break at the frightened look on his face. "Is Gwowfy awl right, Ewestor?" he wondered in just above a whisper. Erestor gave him a sad smile and took a deep breath before he lightly kissed his forehead. "Aye," he finally said just as quietly, brushing some stray strands of the child's dark wild hair back from his face. Then, he turned away to hide the thin line of tears that had formed in his eyes as he walked toward the door. Once the slender advisor left the room and shut the door behind him, Estel jumped off the bed and hurried over to the window to look outside. He stood on his toes to gaze over the sill, seeing the rest of the patrol had arrived since he had been brought inside. The boy looked around at the horses who had gathered, searching for any sign of his friend as Elrond and Erestor hurried out to greet them. Then, his eyes widened as he gasped when he found the twice-born warrior. Glorfindel was sitting on a white horse in front of another soldier under his command, leaning back against him for support. His face was pale, his eyes were closed, and there was an alarming amount of crimson staining the right side of his light riding tunic. Elrond reached up to help the seemingly lifeless Balrog Slayer down from the horse, and that was all the confirmation Estel needed. Something was very wrong with his friend. "Gwowfy!" Estel ran from the room and down the hallway, gray eyes set intently on the door that would lead outside before him. He reached his small hands out, but before he could reach it, a pair of arms grabbed him from behind. "Slow down, muindor ." Surprised, Estel found himself looking into the fair face of the younger twin son of Elrond. Even at his young age, he could tell his foster brothers apart. "Ewohir?" Elrohir smiled, picking him up into his arms while Elladan lingered near the open doorway, silently watching what was happening outside with a grim gaze. "Come, Estel," the former said, attempting to keep his tone light. "It will be lunch soon. How about I sneak you in the kitchens for a pastry beforehand? A strawberry one. I know they are your favorite." For a moment, Estel's face brightened up at this idea. A strawberry pastry sounded appealing, even more so that they were going to sneak one. But then, he remembered what he had seen outside, and he anxiously turned back