Tainted Disclaimer : Those you recognize belong to Tolkien. I do not own them. Those you do not recognize belong to me. Summary : Gaining the friendship of a mortal child was not something Thranduil expected on his trip to Imladris with his son. But when secret plots result in grave consequences, the boy may be the king's one hope of survival. Rating : T Genre : Drama/Friendship Characters : Thranduil, Aragorn/Estel, Elrond, Glorfindel, Legolas, Elladan/Elrohir, Erestor, and OCs Author's Note : My Thranduil muse insisted on another story. Little Estel moved his way into another one (it's his cuteness– it's hard to say no when he looks at you with those wide, gray eyes of his and says, "Pwease?" Lol!). I thought it'd be interesting to put these two characters together and see where it led, and I can honestly say I didn't expect where it took me, lol! Of course, no slash whatsoever between anyone. Also, this is a four part story, so for those of you used to my oneshots, there's a bit more to this one, lol! Much thanks to doreenthatshot for letting me bounce ideas off her and her help in figuring some fine points out, as well as to AnaOfRohan , for without her, this story wouldn't have been created. Granted, it has changed greatly from our ideas at one in the morning, but at least that's where this story got its start, lol! Read, review, but no flames please. Enjoy! Elvish: ion-nín – my son ada – father tithen pen – little one hannon le – thank you mellon-nín – my friend hír-nín – my lord Chapter 1 Thranduil sighed as he passed a ringed hand over his face and leaned back in his chair. It had been the fourth long day for him and Elrond, lord of Imladris, as they deliberated over the agreements between them for that season. The king of Mirkwood had been involved with many of them since he had ascended to the throne and before, none of them necessarily pleasant, and though dealing with a friend was a bit more effortless, there were still the inevitable frustrations of reaching an agreement. Elrond himself had stepped outside for some air, and he was inclined to do the same. Then, the door to the room slowly opened as though with difficulty, and quick, light footsteps began to make their way toward the table after whoever opened it slipped inside. A hint of a smile appeared on Thranduil's face as he watched the small, dark-haired figure struggle to climb up onto the cushioned chair across from him for a moment. He then rose to his feet and walked around the table, reaching a hand out and helping the child so that he was sitting safely on the high seat, and he was met with a broad smile and bright, gray eyes. The king's own smile widened slightly as he met the boy's gaze, still amazed how quickly he had grown on him after he and Legolas had arrived in Rivendell. "I am eager to meet this mortal child you have grown so fond of, ion-nín . You speak so highly of him." Legolas smiled when he turned to meet his father's gaze as a few dark-haired Elves approached them to take their horses to the stables. "He is a dear friend, Ada ," he said as they began to walk toward the house with their few guards behind them. "I believe you will feel as I do, after a time." The Mirkwood king was not necessarily the most trusting, with valid reason, though he hoped the boy would have the same impact on the older Elf as he had on him when he had first met him. Thranduil smiled slightly, but before he could respond, a higher voice from the porch before them caught both of their attentions. "Legowas!" A small, dark-haired figure was standing at the top of the staircase with the twin sons of Elrond, his gray eyes shining with excitement when he saw the Mirkwood prince. Thranduil glanced at his son, seeing a similar look was on Legolas' face, before he turned back to the child as he started to run down the steps. Then, in his hurried pace, the boy stumbled when he reached the last couple steps and fell to the ground. Legolas rushed to the small mortal while Elladan and Elrohir quickly made their way down the staircase, but the prince reached him first. He knelt down beside him, setting his hand lightly on his back while the twins stopped on either side of him. "Are you all right, Estel?" Thranduil took a couple steps forward, watching the dark-haired child with interest. He hadn't moved much after his small tumble, nor had he made a sound. But when Legolas helped him to sit up, the king was surprised to see the smile had not left his face. "I'm awl right!" Estel answered, causing his foster brothers to chuckle. Legolas smiled in return before he embraced him when the child wrapped his small arms tightly around his neck. "You will have to be more cautious, Estel," Elladan told him, ruffling the boy's dark hair when he released the prince. "I know you are excited to see Legolas, but we do not want you getting hurt." Estel turned his gaze to the older twin as Elrohir quickly clasped Legolas' arms when he rose to his feet. "But I didn't get huwt," he replied. Elladan smiled as he in turn clasped their visitor's arms. "Not this time," he muttered with a pointed glance at the child. Legolas' smile broadened as he watched his friends, but then he glanced at Thranduil, who still had a curious look in his eye. "I apologize," he said, setting his hand on Estel's shoulder. "Estel, I wish for you to meet my father." Thranduil stiffened slightly when Estel turned his gray eyes to him, but a small smile appeared on his fair face when Elladan and Elrohir approached him first. "'Tis good to see you, Thranduil." "Aye," Thranduil agreed, clasping the twins' arms in turn. He then turned his attention back to Estel when Legolas slowly led him forward. The boy appeared to be slightly intimidated by him as he gazed up at his stern features. "'Tis good to meet you, Thwan... Thwan... Thwan'dil." Legolas smiled at the five-year-old's attempt to say the proud king's name as his foster brothers had done, exchanging an amused glance with Elladan and Elrohir as the three of them chuckled. Thranduil's eyes narrowed slightly at the child's pronunciation, finding it to be a bit humiliating. "'Tis good to meet you as well, Estel," he muttered. A mortal child named hope. It was something he had not been expecting. Estel's smile widened, and though he was unsure why, Thranduil felt a slight smile tug at the corner of his lips as well. Then, the child looked up at him curiously. "Why do you have leaves and bewwies in your hair?" he asked. "'Tis his crown, Estel," Elladan answered for him. "Do you remember when we told you he has a different one for each season?" "Oh." Estel kept his gaze on Thranduil, still curious about the crown he wore for the autumn season. It was something he was unaccustomed to, for he had only seen the silver circlets his family wore. Legolas then turned to his father, his smile waning slightly as he leaned a little closer to him. "What do you think, Ada ?" he wondered quietly. Thranduil met his son's hopeful gaze, sighing as he considered his answer. He had to admit that Estel was not much different than other mortal children he had been acquainted with, and he did not yet see what was so special about this one. But Legolas clearly had, he could easily see the obvious fondness he had for the boy, so he knew there must have been something. Elrond would not have given the child his name without a purpose when he had brought him into his home. "We shall see, ion-nín ." It was after the second day of deliberations when Thranduil had begun to see what was so different about this particular child. After dinner, the king had accepted Elrond's invitation to join them in the Hall of Fire to unwind with a couple glasses of wine. Estel had been sitting on the floor with Legolas as they listened to music and songs performed by Lindir before a fantastical tale was told in front of the fireplace that night. But talk of trolls had frightened the young boy, who had run to his foster father seeking comfort. Elrond had pulled him onto his lap until Estel requested to return to his room for the night. The Elf lord had been about to oblige since it was nearly time for him to sleep, but Thranduil, who had finished his second glass of wine, offered to bring him since he was prepared to retire to his room as well. Elrond agreed, assuring him he would put Estel to bed himself, and the king led the child out of the Hall. "Awe thewe twows in Miwkwood?" Thranduil glanced down at Estel as the child led him down the dark hallway toward his room. "Nay, tithen pen ," he answered, raising his light eyes ahead of him again. "Trolls do not dwell in our forests. Fortunately, that is one affliction we do not suffer." Estel's gray eyes narrowed with what appeared to be concern. This was not the first time he had heard hints of the dangers of Mirkwood since Legolas often alluded to them. "What is thewe?" he wondered. The king sighed as they stopped outside of the door of the child's room. Talk of the continuing Shadow was something he did not deem appropriate for one so young. "I do not believe you would like to hear about them so soon before sleep, Estel," he muttered. But Estel was not dissuaded as he reached forward and took one of Thranduil's ringed hands in both of his smaller ones. "But I wanna know, Thwan'dil!" he said. "I can handwe it. I pwomise." Thranduil was startled by the boy's abruptness, his initial instinct to draw his hand away. But before he could, he glanced up when sudden movement caught his eye, seeing Erestor, Elrond's chief advisor, had appeared at the end of the hall. The dark-haired Elf began to approach them, but Thranduil raised his other hand to stop him, signifying he had control. Erestor obliged with a quick nod, and the king turned back to the child in front of him, who did not notice the strict, slender advisor. "You say you can handle it?" When Estel nodded earnestly, Thranduil smiled slightly. "Orcs have made themselves comfortable in the forests around our home," he told him calmly, watching as the boy's gaze flickered slightly. "And spiders have woven their nests in our trees." Estel looked up at him with confusion. "Spidews?" he repeated. Thranduil nodded in confirmation. "They are not the spiders you have here, tithen pen ," he muttered. "They are much larger." The child's face paled as Thranduil gently pulled his hand from Estel's tight grasp. "'Tis time for sleep now." Estel appeared to rid himself of the fear of the larger spiders rather quickly, for he was now gazing at the king's hands with interest. "Do you have a Ring like Ada ?" he asked, moving his gaze up to Thranduil's. "He weaws it sometimes. He says it hewps keep us safe." Thranduil's gaze faltered slightly, but he forced another small smile. "Nay, Estel," he answered quietly. "The only purpose my rings serve is decoration." "They awe not like Ada's ?" Estel pressed, his gray eyes wide. When Thranduil shook his head, the child turned his attention to the king's hands again. "They shouwd be." "Why is that, Estel?" Thranduil wondered curiously. Estel met his gaze, a broad