Ripple Effect Disclaimer : Those you recognize belong to Tolkien. I do not own them. Everyone you do not recognize belong to me. Summary : He was warned to never go to the cursed hill. But when Thranduil disobeys his father's orders to see if the stories are true, a single event from Oropher's past threatens the life of his young son. Rating : T Genre : Drama/Family Characters : Thranduil and Oropher, features OCs Warnings : Violence, mild creative license with geography Author's Note : Thranduil has always been one of my favorite Tolkien characters, and since there aren't many of them out there, I thought I'd put out a little Thranduil story of my own. What was this proud king like as a child? What was his relationship with Oropher? What was Oropher like as a father? These are all things I wanted to explore and hopefully present in an enjoyable manner. Thranduil is about the equivalent of a twelve-year-old here. And for those who have read my oneshot "A Balrog in the Closet" will probably recognize the character Aearion. Many, many thanks to doreenthatshot for her help with figuring out the finer points of this storyas well as Gwedhiel0117 for her help with placing Greenwood in the First Age as realistically as possible. Both of you guys are amazing, and I hope you both enjoy the story, as I hope the rest of you do too. Read, review, just no flames please! Enjoy! Elvish: hír-nín - my lord aran-nín - my king daro - stop/halt Amon Sereg - "Blood Hill" ripple effect (noun)- the continuing and spreading results of an event or action Chapter 1 All was still in the vast study save the occasional whisper of a faded page as it was turned or the quiet clink the wine glass made as it was set back on the paper-filled desk. It was a peace Oropher relished. As king of Greenwood the Great, there were not many moments in the day where he could spend in solitude, often occupied dealing with matters within his realm or burdened down by the load of paperwork that seemed to constantly be in need of being seen to that he would sometimes delay until it was absolutely necessary. Paperwork had never been his strongest point. Though it was not only official matters that demanded his attention. A slight smile graced Oropher's fair but often stern features as he turned another page in the book he had been attempting to get through but had been unable to due to frequent interruptions. If it was not paperwork, then it was his young son who captured his time. Thranduil had been an adventurous spirit since he had been old enough to walk, but it was something that had grown more prevalent since his mother had left Greenwood after her mother had sailed to Valinor out of grief when her husband gave his life to save his from a traitorous Elf in his guard. Oropher could not refuse his wife's request since he often felt her unhappiness, though his own heart had been heavily burdened by her leaving and no word of her potential return, and Thranduil appeared to be acting out. There was not a day that went by, it seemed, where some complaint was brought to him of the youthful prince sticking his nose where it didn't belong or causing some sort of trouble around the palace. The absence of his mother was difficult for him to handle, and he only hoped it was something Thranduil would grow out of once they both came to accept it. Another page in the thick book was turned. Oropher's smile broadened as he took a small sip of the cool, red wine, leaning back in the cushioned chair as he continued reading. He could not recall a time when he had managed to get through so many pages of his treasured book, a feat he was rather impressed with. A sense of tranquility smoothed out the stressed creases in his handsome face as he continued to scan the dark print, the long years of battle reflected in his green eyes the only true indicator of how long he had walked the earth. He brushed a strand of light blond hair behind his ear that had spilled onto the page he was currently reading which had come loose from the ponytail that was keeping the long tresses neatly back, reaching out for the glass again. Then, his hand paused as Oropher glanced up from the faded pages, his eyes moving over the stone walls of the room until they came to the wooden door across from him. They narrowed slightly. He thought he heard hurried footsteps drawing nearer, and at the late hour, he knew it could not be anything good. For a brief moment, he wondered what Thranduil was up to. Sure enough, the door of the study soon slammed open. Oropher winced slightly, inwardly groaning as he shut the book in defeat and rested his face in his hand. Whoever felt the need to interrupt him could have at least had the courtesy to knock first instead of barging in. But as he looked through his ringed fingers at the unexpected guests, he was surprised to see three small forms looking back at him through wide, fearful eyes as a taller figure entered the room. "My deepest apologies, hír-nín ," Aearion, his closest advisor, said, looking down on the Elflings between them with a disapproving eye. "I tried to stop these children. But they would not listen-!" "We had to see the king!" the boy who was standing a bit closer to the desk than his two companions protested while the other two, a boy and girl with similar features, gazed upon Oropher almost pleadingly. "It cannot wait!" "Whatever it is you wish to speak with him about can wait until the morrow," Aearion told them sternly, grabbing a hold of the three Elflings. "There is no reason to disturb the king at this late hour." "But-!" Oropher sighed as he lowered his hand, watching as his advisor struggled to pull the children from his study. He knew them well since they were friends of Thranduil and often caused just as much trouble as he did. Calanon, the boy who had spoken, was the son of the captain in Greenwood's army while siblings Erynion and Helinniel were the children of one of the palace's healers. But something about their late-night intrusion without the presence of his son bothered him. " Aran-nín !" The higher voice of Helinniel brought him out of his thoughts, and Oropher rose to his feet. " Daro ," he commanded sharply, causing the advisor and children to stop their struggling as they made their way toward the door. "Aearion, let them come." Aearion looked startled by the sudden order, remembering the previous one he had been given to let no one disturb his king that night. "But, hír-nín ..." "I said let them come," Oropher repeated sternly, his tone and the flicker in his eye leaving no room for argument. Sighing, Aearion released the three troublemaking Elflings, who immediately rushed toward the desk. Oropher raised a ringed hand and gestured to the couch that was set to the side of him, and Calanon, Erynion, and Helinniel immediately took their places on it while the king lowered himself back into his cushioned chair. He rested his arms on the desk as he studied the children carefully. "What is it you wish to speak with me about at this hour that is so important?" The three Elflings exchanged fearful looks, and it was clear they had not thought this far ahead. Aearion crossed his arms and leaned against the doorway, narrowing his light eyes at them. Finally, it was Calanon who met Oropher's intense gaze. "'Tis... 'tis Thranduil, aran-nín ," he answered nervously. Oropher felt his heart sink at the quiet statement. By the tone of the Elfling's voice, he could tell his initial suspicion had been correct. His paternal instincts flared, filling him with a sense of dread. Something was wrong with his son. "Calanon. Tell me everything." The Elfling sat curled up against the hard, stone wall behind him, his wide, blue eyes gazing around at the darkness fearfully. From his inspection of the cave he was being held in, it was empty save a few pairs of old, rusted chains in the back. He wished he had never suggested they come to this place. They should never have come here. His father would be furious. This thought brought a thin line of tears to Thranduil's eyes, but he immediately wiped them away with his sleeve, refusing to let them fall. He had heard too many stories from his father and a few of the more seasoned warriors in their forces that emotion in times such as these would show weakness to your enemy, and that was something he would not allow himself to do. He was the prince of Greenwood. He would be strong. However, there was nothing more he wanted to do than escape this dreadful place. The cave had been relatively quiet since his captors had chased after his friends, but he dared not venture out from where he had been left in event of their return. Thranduil knew they would likely come back soon either empty handed or with his friends. He desperately hoped it would not prove to be the latter since he did not want them to be with him in this horrid situation. It was his ill idea, he would handle the consequences. But how could he if he did not know who, or what, his captors were? Thranduil pulled his knees a bit closer to his chest. According to the stories, spirits of soldiers who had died in this cave were said to still linger due to the violent bloodshed that had taken place. However, how could spirits have done this to him? How could spirits have caught him by surprise with their footsteps? How could they have physically restrained him? He may have had no idea what could have been harbored so near Greenwood, but what he could say for certain was they were not spirits. Then, Thranduil quietly gasped and wrapped his arms tightly around his legs when he heard loud footsteps drawing nearer. From what he could discern, the sound belonged to his four captors. He could tell they were somewhat short as they stopped before him, but even with his sharper eyesight, the heavy blackness of the cave as well as the night outside made it difficult for him to clearly see their faces. But with the slight moonlight filtering into the cave behind them, they could apparently see him a bit better, which unnerved the young Elf. "Look what we caught," a gruff male voice said as one of the four stepped forward. Thranduil closed his eyes and turned his face away when he reached toward him, flinching slightly when the hand grabbed him roughly beneath the chin and jerked his head forward. The prince bit down on his lip, refusing to let the slight whimper escape. Then, he opened his eyes in surprise when the simple silver circlet that adorned his fair hair was pulled viciously from his head. All four of his captors laughed. "It appears our patience has paid off. Looks like we have us a royal one," the first voice continued thoughtfully before a sudden loud clang filled the cave as the circlet hit the rock floor. Thranduil's eyes widened when one of the four brought what appeared to be an axe down on it, cleaving it in two uneven halves. "You must be Oropher's wretch." The statement both infuriated Thranduil and sent a chill down his spine. His captors knew his father. He realized his situation had just grown much more dire. "How much do you suppose we'd get for him?" a second