A Balrog in the Closet Disclaimer : The characters you recognize belong to Tolkien. Who you do not recognize belongs to me. Summary : Oneshot. Balrog hunting, warm tea, and a misplaced book is not how Thranduil expected to spend his night. But when Legolas' true fear comes to light, he sees how the loss of a loved one has impacted both of them. Rating : K+ Genre : Family/Hurt/Comfort Characters : Thranduil and Legolas, features OCs and a mention of Galion Author's Note : Just a cute Thranduil and little Legolas story with sadder undertones. My OC character has been taken from another one of my stories, a short multichapter, in the works. Written with some help by "Let it Be" by the Beatles, though not a song fic. Enjoy, review, but no flames, please! "For though they may be parted There is still a chance that they will see There will be an answer Let it be..." -The Beatles, "Let it Be" Elvish: ada – father ion-nín – my son penneth – young one naneth – mother hannon le – thank you losto vae – sleep well Quiet footsteps were barely heard as a tiny figure made its way down the dark hallway. All the inhabitants of the palace of Mirkwood were asleep save this Elfling as he snuck toward a tall set of ornate double doors at the end of the hallway his wide, blue eyes were set on. Though he had been put to bed a couple hours before, his mind was much too occupied to allow him to rest. As soon as he approached the doors, the Elfling stood on his toes to reach the handle before quietly pushing one open and stepping into the dark room. Turning only to close the door just as quietly behind him, he noiselessly crossed it and climbed onto the bed before crawling over to its sleeping inhabitant. He hesitated for only a moment before reaching a small hand out and setting it on the cheek of the golden-haired Elf. " Ada ," he whispered, raising his voice slightly when he didn't get the desired response. " Ada !" A moment passed before the blue eyes of King Thranduil cleared as he was roused from sleep, narrowing in confusion until they focused on the young face of his son. "Legolas?" he asked quietly, raising himself up on one arm. "What is the matter, ion-nín ?" Legolas moved a little closer to his father. "I cannot sleep, Ada ," he answered. Thranduil sighed quietly, rubbing his exhausted eyes. He had not been sleeping well over the past fortnight, ever since his wife, Helinniel, had been killed when he and his family were ambushed by an Orc party when they were returning home from their visit in Imladris. The king had fought the onslaught off as best as he could while trying to protect his wife and son, but there had simply been too many. Their guards had been slaughtered in the attack while he had been injured himself, and he had nearly been unable to get his son to safety by the time the patrol arrived. There had been a few times where he had nearly faded during his recovery, but each time, the small Elfling kneeling beside him now had kept him tethered to this world since he had never left his side. Legolas, who had been just as affected by his mother's death, was young and still learning how to handle that terrible grief, and he assumed this late-night visit had something to do with that. "Did you have a dark dream?" the king wondered, trying his best to remain patient with his son. He had an early morning the next day since he had to return to Rivendell to seek counsel with Lord Elrond, but it appeared he would not be getting much sleep that night, either. Not that he had been anticipating to do so with how burdened his heart still remained. "No," Legolas told him with a slight shake of his head. "I... I think there may be something in my closet..." Thranduil opened his eyes to look back at Legolas, seeing he was gazing back at him with wide blue orbs. "And what do you believe to be in your closet, penneth ?" "I know not, Ada ," Legolas replied quietly, his eyes growing wider, if possible. "It could be that monster Glorfy told us about in his story!" The king raised an eyebrow as a slight but amused smirk appeared at the corner of his lips. "A Balrog?" He remembered the twice-born Elf lord Glorfindel had told the children a toned-down version of his encounter with the ancient demon after dinner in the Hall of Fire when he, Helinniel, and Legolas had been in Imladris. Clearly, that was still on his son's mind. Legolas nodded earnestly. "Aye, Ada !" Thranduil sighed. "I do not believe there is anything in your closet you need to fret about, ion-nín ," he told him as he laid back down on his pillow to attempt to get some more sleep. "Especially a Balrog." The creature was much too large to fit into such a small space, and the palace would have been burning if that were the case, but his son was too young to accept that logic. Legolas took Thranduil's hand in his smaller ones and pulled on it lightly. Clearly, allowing his father to sleep was not his intent. "Could you look, Ada ? Please?" Knowing it would be senseless to argue with the determined Elfling, Thranduil slowly sat up on his bed with a yawn. Pleased that he had gotten his attention, Legolas jumped down to the floor while the king slowly rose to his feet and donned his robe. He took Thranduil's hand and led him out of his room into the dark hallway. His father simply allowed Legolas to pull him along, knowing that as soon as he confirmed there was no Balrog in his closet, he could attempt to get some rest before the early morning came. When they got to his room, Legolas looked up at Thranduil with wide eyes once again when he set his hand on the door handle. "Be careful, Ada ," he warned in a whisper. Thranduil smiled down at the Elfling. "I will be fine, ion-nín ," he assured him quietly before he pushed open the door and stepped into the room. Legolas lingered behind in the doorway, sneaking a look inside as his father walked over to the door of his closet that was slightly ajar. Then, he flinched and closed his eyes when the king pulled the door open completely and entered the smaller room used for storage. There was nothing but silence for what felt like a life age. Then... "I have found your Balrog, penneth ." Legolas cautiously opened one eye just as Thranduil stepped back into the room. He gasped quietly and shrank back into the hallway, but then, he relaxed as he leaned into his room again when he saw what was in his father's arms. It was one of his tunics and riding cloaks that he had yet to grow into, the sleeve and hood having given the appearance of the creature his active imagination made him believe he had seen. "Oh." Thranduil smiled as Legolas slowly entered the room to stand in front of him. "'Tis nothing to fret over," he said as his young son reached forward and touched the tunic as if to believe it for himself. "I will fold this so you cannot see it." Legolas watched as his father set the outfit on the chair near the window, beginning with folding the tunic neatly. Once he was finished folding the cloak as well, the king walked back into the closet and set them both on a high shelf before stepping out, shutting the door behind him as an added precaution. "Now," Thranduil continued, effortlessly scooping the small prince into his arms. "Time to sleep." He walked over to the bed and set his son down against his pillows, covering him with the blankets before he kissed his head. "Pleasant dreams, ion-nín ." The Woodland king turned away from the bed and crossed the room. He stepped out into the dark hallway, just about to close the door behind him when he heard the young voice. " Ada !" Sighing, Thranduil leaned back into his son's room. "Yes, Legolas?" Legolas was sitting up on his bed, his eyes once again wide as he looked back at him. "I feel restless, Ada ," he told him. Thranduil slowly walked toward the bed. With the early morning he had looming ahead of him, he really didn't have time for this. "That is why you must sleep, ion-nín ," he muttered, sitting next to the young prince as he set his hand lightly on his head. "You will feel better." But Legolas quickly shook his head before he moved to sit on Thranduil's lap. "I am not tired," he replied. It was then the king realized that the incident with the alleged Balrog had probably wound up his son, and he inwardly groaned. Once Legolas was excited over something, it usually took quite some time to settle him down again due to his normal high energy. Then, he remembered a trick Helinniel had always used when Legolas was unable to sleep, and Thranduil smiled slightly as he stood with his son in his arms. "I know just the thing, penneth ." Legolas watched from where he was sitting at the table in the dark kitchen as Thranduil finished heating a pot of tea over the fireplace. The king rose to his feet and moved to the counter, carefully pouring the warm contents into a mug. He then added a small touch of honey for flavor and stirred it in before he set the drink on the table in front of his son. "Drink this, Legolas," he said, hoping it would work to calm him just as it had in the past. The Elfling gazed at it curiously before looking back up at Thranduil. "Is this what Naneth used to make for me?" he asked. Thranduil looked back at him sadly. "Aye, Legolas," he answered quietly. "It will make you feel better." Legolas turned back to the mug and took a small, cautious sip of the hot tea, his short legs starting to swing back and forth on the high stool as he hummed quietly to himself. Thranduil, satisfied that he was going to drink it, went over to the counter and poured a glass of wine for himself, grateful that Galion had still been awake at this hour and had brought the bottle up from the cellar for him as he hoped to settle down for what he could feel was going to be a long night. "What is that, Ada ?" Legolas wondered, looking at the glass in his hand curiously. Thranduil was brought out of his thoughts by the question, and he slowly turned to face the Elfling. "This will not appeal to you, penneth ," he told him, having the feeling that giving his son a sip of wine at this point would not be a good idea. "You may drink yours." Legolas, appearing slightly disappointed, took another sip of his tea. Thranduil watched him for a minute, a small smile appearing on his face as the prince once again began to hum quietly as he looked around the dark kitchen. The king took a sip of his wine, but as he continued to watch his son, the cheerful look slowly vanished when he couldn't help but notice that the prince appeared to be drinking his warm tea slower than he normally would. "Does your drink appeal to you, ion-nín ?" he asked quietly. "'Tis good, Ada ," Legolas answered, taking a longer sip of the tea before giving him a broad smile. "'Tis