The Unpredictability of Life Until the Very End. Chapter I – Summer Oddity. Merchants End was a normal street in a normal cul-de-sac in a normal town. Nothing ever really happened in Cokeworth, and never at Merchants End. Perhaps down the road at either Miners End or Spinners End you could find some disturbance or racket, but never in the terraced rows of houses in Merchants End. That was unless you stepped inside the cherry-red gloss wooden door and into Number 6. Outside it looked just like all the other houses with its identical glass windows, painted doors and brick décor. But when you stepped through, it was almost like you were far away from the normal suburbia deemed acceptable and faced with something deemed more mind-blowing that made you think you were still asleep in your bed, stuck in some dream. This was because owls frequented the house, flying here, there and everywhere, dropping off letters, and you had to dodge out of their flight path if you wanted to be owl dropping free. An array of books would be littered around everywhere, from the kitchen table, where they were piled beside a forgotten cup of tea, to the living room, where they were stacked high next to a comfy looking sofa-chair, and you had to watch your feet on the stairs as an odd book could leave you flying either up or down the stairs. The books were wide ranging, from little books that were thin as could be, to ones that were thick and heavy like it was still a lump of wood, some reacted to your touch and some even levitated themselves as you read from them. Also found inside the house, if you went through into the little cosy kitchen, was a jet-black cauldron, which you'd find odd if you weren't in the know. The family that lived in Number 6 Merchants End looked normal. They acted normal, and had normal jobs and fitted into society without a flaw. With his intimidating height and shock of dark red hair that was now littered with speckles of grey, making him look like someone had sprinkled grey paint haphazardly in his hair, was Mr John Evans. If you asked his neighbours, the little old lady at Number 5 would blether on and try to invite you in for a cup of tea and a cake so she could tell you all about that 'lovely man,' who lived next door, that 'always helped her out no-matter what,' and that 'his wifey and two daughters were just as sweet and caring to a little old lady like her.' Number 7 was recently filled with a new immigrant family from Pakistan, and they would rattle on about how 'Mr Evans was a nice man,' and how he and his wife Eleanor would help them out when they needed it and would always help better their English, and had accepted them into their street with arms opened wide, and how their daughters Petunia and Lily were lovely and respectable too. Born back in the age of roaring and good times, John Evans had been gifted an easy-enough life compared to others he saw around him growing up in Manchester. With an advantage given to him by his father owning a factory, John Evans had been accepted into good schools, and had been accepted to study at Cambridge when war broke out in Europe. Now having to abandon his plans of becoming a history student through a scholarship, he had enlisted at the closest enlistment office into the Royal Air Force, more than willing to serve for King and Country. At only eighteen years of age, nearly nineteen, it was not something many had imagined would happen again. After all, the Great War had only finished back in 1919, and both his parents had lost family to it. Understandably, they didn't want their only son putting his life on the line with the risk of being shot down when flying across enemy lines. Somehow, John Evans had miraculously pulled through the entirety of the war and had been lying in a hospital bed due to a small injury to his leg, when he met the sweetest of girls. Eleanor Fox was, in the eyes of John Evans, reminiscent of an angel with her soft flowing blonde hair and big blue eyes that glittered like they were visual gemstones. After her working away at his dressing and checking over the wound in his leg for the last couple of weeks, the two of them had become somewhat close, the Pilot and the Nurse. Originally from a well-to-do upper-middle class family, Eleanor Fox had joined up as a nurse for the War Effort against the wishes of her family, who wanted her off and married away to some well-to-do well-connected rich man that could provide for her. Eleanor hadn't liked it one bit and had argued that she was more than able to make her own decisions as she was eighteen years old with an offer to study teaching at university. So, to do her bit and give herself independence, Eleanor Fox had flitted off, away from her family home nestled away in Chelsea, and gained work and training as a nurse during the war. It wasn't until the end of the war in 1945, when she met quite a handsome soldier called John Evans in the ward she was assigned to. Both aged twenty-five and with similar loves and interests, it hadn't taken long for the pair to become smitten and she had happily accepted his invitation to the dancing ('when his leg was better,' he had added). It was in April of 1955 that John and Eleanor found themselves getting married in a little church tucked away in a medium-sized town in the Derbyshire Dales called Cokeworth, where they had both found themselves posted to after the war. John was now working as a police officer after he had left the Royal Air Force, whilst Eleanor had found employment within the paediatric ward of Cokeworth Royal Hospital as a charge nurse. Both had found themselves in quite different positions that they had been poised to do back in 1939 but weren't complaining. After all, if the war hadn't taken place – as sad as it was – they might never had met. Eleanor's parents had slowly come around to accepting them, not exactly happy that their daughter had ended up with an ex-serviceman now working as a police officer. John's parents had accepted them with open arms straight away and doted away on them. It wasn't until early 1957 when they were faced with a new addition. Eleanor had finished up her shift at the hospital, and had some news for her husband who was picking her up on his way home from work. Standing outside next to the car-park bays with her blonde hair pinned up neatly and her coat wrapped around her nurse's uniform, Eleanor wished she had remembered her umbrella as she stood in the light rain, when a dark red car pulled in beside her. The window rolled down to show John sitting there, smiling widely, and she beamed back at him before scurrying around to the passenger side to sit in out of the rain. Giving her a quick peck on the lips, John looked over her with his green eyes narrowing slightly as he took in the beauty of his wife. He noticed things, and wasn't one to be fooled, and he knew something was up with his Ella. Pulling the car out and driving away along the road, Eleanor fidgeted away at the radio and cassette player whilst John drove. Both were silent, and both felt awkward which never really happened to them. It was Eleanor that cut to the chase first. "I'm pregnant, John, and I don't know what we're going to do," she blurted out, haphazardly, as she hid her face behind her hands and cried in front of her husband, who took the news with a bit of a shock and swerved slightly on the road. The redhead looked over at his wife, her face covered by her hands as she cried loudly, her usually neat hair now messy. Why was she upset? He smiled widely and pulled into the front of their house. Unbuckling himself, John engulfed Eleanor into a tight hug as he kissed her head repeatedly. "We'll be fine, Ella," John whispered to Eleanor, her cries now lessening as she relaxed into his warm embrace. "We'll be fine," they chorused, as their eyes met in a happy gaze. It was a wet day in November, when John and Eleanor welcomed their daughter, Petunia. With her blue eyes and blonde hair, she looked like a china doll dressed in the frilly dress that Eleanor's mother had bought her. Quite a fussy baby at times, Eleanor had been forced out of work due to her pregnancy to care for Petunia. Life may have become a little bit harder, a little bit more frustrating, but it was a happy time for the Evans family. It became even happier when a second addition, a little sister for Petunia, their daughter, Lily, was born in late January 1960. Unlike her elder sister, Lily looked exactly like her father with a shock of dark red hair that had gradually darkened through her first year and her baby blue eyes darkened to a bright green like John Evans, whereas Petunia had taken her colourings from Eleanor Evans. Years had passed now, and if you visited their family home you wouldn't be met by a stumbling three year old with tumbling blonde curls and a redheaded baby crawling best she could after her sister with a tired-looking mother at their hem. No, both Petunia and Lily Evans had grown up into teenagers with Petunia now sixteen whilst Lily was now thirteen, but with an incredible secret that split her between two worlds. This was how the Evans family at 6 Merchants End weren't as normal as first thought. Their youngest daughter, Lily, was a witch. Attending a magical school called Hogwarts in the north of Scotland; Lily wasn't around the house much as she boarded until the holidays. Although Petunia had grown incredibly distant from her family and hardly stayed around much. keeping to her room when Lily was around, John and Eleanor Evans were nothing short of overjoyed, ecstatic and delighted with their youngest daughter and supported her 100%. It was nearing the end of the summer, and Lily had taken to counting down on her calendar, using a black marker to cross out the days until she had reached today, the 18th August 1973, as this was the day she that she was going away to stay at her friend Marlene's house with her group of best friends, until they went back on the 1st of September. She couldn't wait, and spending the first couple of weeks stuck in her grandparents' house in Chelsea, then going away for two weeks on holiday with Petunia and her parents, before going on breaks away to Cornwall and up to Berwick-upon-Tweed with her grandparents, had led Lily to feel cut off from the wizarding world. It hadn't helped that Severus wasn't anywhere to be found at their usual play-park meeting place, and she hadn't received any owls from him with letters, and Lily wasn't about to go down to Spinners End as she wasn't keen on either Mr or Mrs Snape. Sitting down at her desk that looked through her window and down onto the terrace garden, Lily couldn't help but gaze into the distance. If she squinted her eyes enough, she could make out the Snape house. Its windows were dark without lights on, so she gathered that nobody was in with it more than likely that Mr Snape was drinking down at the dingy pub. Shaking her head, Lily grasped her curtains, the soft material crunching