FIGHT FOR ME Her laugh broke the silence. It's been twenty minutes, that they just sat and stared at each other. Nothing was said, just a laugh. This is a story of two teenage siblings, both aged at 17 years. A female, Jade, and Jordan, a male. Jordan has been going through a lot in his life, and always turned to Jade for advice. She was always helpful, and loved that her brother trusted her so much. Jordan was going through a lot of social changes. He's nearing the end of his senior year, so he has been visiting many colleges and filling out scholarships. The confused look on Jordan's face gave a hint that he was really stressed out. Jade's laughing wasn't exactly what he needed at the moment. Jordan got up off of the black leather couch, and walked away to his bedroom. He slammed the door behind him and flopped onto his bed. In the nightstand drawer, he pulled out a set of headphones, and his iPod. Jordan then put is ear buds in and blasted his music at maximum volume. He just lied there, thinking of everything he's done, has to do, and wants to do. His thoughts weren't always positive and happy. Happy thoughts rarely crossed his mind. He looked over at his sister, standing in his now open doorway. He removed one ear bud, and looked up at the ceiling with a frustrated look on his face. "What do you want?" He scolded. "Are you here to just laugh at me some more?" Jade looked around the room slowly, trying to be sure everything was still in it's place. She was worried about her brother, and hoped he wasn't thinking about doing something he would regret. "No. I wasn't laughing at you either. I was laughing at myself." "Sure seemed like it." Jordan replied sarcastically. "I did something stupid today. And in 20 minutes of no talking, it was bound to cross my mind. And it was funny, so I laughed. I would never laugh at you, Jordan. Trust me. Now what's going on?" Jordan sat up in his bed and turned off his iPod. He continued to look down, and started to play with the plug of the headphones, "nothing. It doesn't matter." "Jordan, I'm not stupid. And it does matter. So tell me, or I'm not going anywhere." Jade walked over to the edge of the bed, and sat down by his feet. "I'll wait however long it takes until you decide to talk." Jordan looked up at Jade and took in a deep breath. "Jenna broke up with me, I'm failing four classes, I lost my scholarship to UNH, and..." Jordan stopped to wipe his eyes to stop a tear from falling. "Dylan killed himself last night." Jade sat still, speechless. "I could of stopped him! But I didn't! I just sat here and watched him fall apart. He even called me last night. And I still didn't stop him. To be honest, I didn't think he was really going to do it. Why did he call me? Out of everyone else, and I had to be the one left with all of this guilt? I'm a horrible friend, a horrible son, and a horrible brother. I can't go through life knowing I'm responsible for the death of my best friend. I can't. He was practically family!" "It's not your fault. It was a lot to pile on, and it all happened so quickly. You were shocked." Jade answered sympathetically. "I can't believe this actually happened. The reality of all this just hasn't hit me yet. I feel like it's all just a bad dream. But I know it's not. I can't live with this on my shoulders." "Yes you can. We all love you Jordan. It's not your fault! I have to go to work. Please, promise me you won't do anything stupid. I love you." "I'm not going to do anything! Just leave me alone." Jordan snapped. Jade stood up and looked at her brother in remorse. She could feel themselves growing apart. Soon enough, he wouldn't talk to her anymore, about anything. Jade turned towards the door and walked off to go to work. Jordan lied back down and out his music back in. The dark room was soon lit up with the headlights of a car shining through the window. He jumped up out of bed, and ran around his room picking up laundry, trash, and his crumpled up homework. "Jordan! I'm home!" A woman yelled through the house. His mother was home, six o'clock, the usual time. Her footsteps grew louder as she made her way to his room. She creaked open the door slowly and peeked in to see what Jordan was up to. By this time, he was already back in bed, doing homework. Well, pretending to do his homework that is. "What do you have for homework?" Jordan replied throwing his books on the floor beside his bed, "nothing now." He stood up, and walked out of the room, pushing his mom out of the way. "I'm going for a walk." The whole time Jade was at work she couldn't help but worry about Jordan. She was scared that he might do something bad. As he walked down the street all the thoughts piled on. Why didn't I think? Why am I so stupid? what am I doing? He crossed the street and began to run. He was going to the one place he still felt safe. The park across from his old house on the other side of town. As he thought more and more the pain was killing him. He reached the park and sat on the bench unsure about what to do anymore. Unsure about his future, and unsure what he might do. There was nothing he wanted more than a second chance. He just had no way of getting one. He pulled a small notebook, and a pen out of his back pocket. In red ink, he wrote: Dear "friends", family, and anyone else in my life who cares about me. I'm sorry I have to do this; but I can't go on. I've been trying to hold on and stay strong for so long now. It's been years, and things are just getting worse. I know I'm to blame for fucking up something I had so good. But no one has to worry about that anymore. I'll be in a better place, and I'll be making the world a better place. No one has to try and "help" me, when I'm a lost cause, and no one has to deal with me hiding in my room all day and night. I'm depressed. No one notices.. Except for Jade. I'm so sorry sis. But I have to do this. I love you.. -Jordan.. P.S. I'm so sorry... Jordan then pulled two objects out of his pocket. One being a small hand held gun; the other being a freshly sharpened razor blade. He first took the razor blade. He inspected the shiny metal object, the sun glimmering off of the sharp edge. After a few seconds he put the piercing edge to his wrist and sliced through his skin, as deep as he could go. He repeated this three times before he looked. He couldn't move his hand and his fingers were cold. He grabbed a hold of his forearm, right above his new cuts, and squeezed as tight as he could. The blood poured out of his arm, and he sat and watched. He began to get dizzy, and very lightheaded. Everything was getting blurry, and he couldn't find a way to breathe. He took his unharmed hand and reached for the gun. Before he could even touch it, he fell to the ground, and he was gone. -2 Months Later- A cluster of people standing in the rain; all dressed in black. Some with umbrellas, some without. Men and women, keeping a strong hold to their children. One woman holding a small baby tightly in her arms. She was weeping uncontrollably, her face buried in another mans chest. She wore an all black dress, that ended just above the knee, black heels, and a black Northface jacket. She looked over at a slick black casket, covered with different types of flowers, pictures, and letters. The woman reached into her pocket and pulled out a folded piece of small notebook paper. The man with her held out his hands to take the baby as she started walking to the front of the crowd. She stood in front of the casket, and unfolded the piece of paper. She cleared her throat, and wiped a tear away with her sleeve. She looked down at the paper, covered in red ink, and blood. She cleared her throat again, and looked up at the many faces in front of her; waiting for her to speak. "My name's Jade Hadley. A few months ago, my brother Jordan killed himself." She stopped to let wipe the water falling from her eyes. "He was going through a lot, and I tried to help him through it. No matter how hard I tried, I kept making things worse. I didn't understand what he was going through, and I hopefully never will. But he was such a strong kid. I loved him. It was the day he was at his worst, that I left him to go to work. I should of called in sick. I should've stayed with him. If it wasn't for me, he would still be here. But that's not the point of me speaking. He left this note for us all. For everyone who attended this funeral today. It's his apology for what he did. And why he did it. I would read it to you, but I find it best not to. I just want you all to know he was thinking of you. He doesn't want you to dwell on his death. "He mentioned he was a lost cause . He didn't think he could have been helped. He loves you all, as do I. I wish so much that Jordan could be here to meet his nephew. I wish he could've been at the hospital when Dylan was born. I wish he could be at my wedding. But he wasn't, and he won't be. Thank you all for coming today. And I apologize to all of you about this depressing event." Jade took the note, folded it back up, kissed it, and left it on the casket. She took one last look down the 6-feet deep hole in the ground, and walked back to her baby, and fiancé. Her son, Dylan, reached his tiny hand out to Jade. She gently brushed the palm of his hand and took him in her arms. She kissed him on the forehead, and they walked through the rain to their car. A small silver Toyota Camry. There was a small cushioned baby seat in the back for Dylan, but she ignored it and kept him tight in her arms, crying into the hood of his lion suit. Dylan wore small feety pajamas, with a lions head as a hood, and a little tail in the back. The paws were folded up so that he could stick his hands through the holes at the end of the arm. The three and a half hour ride home was silent. No one said a word. The rain hitting the windshield was the only sound. They couldn't even hear the tires on the road. It was as if they weren't even moving. They pulled into the driveway and parked the car in the garage. "Mike, honey, can you take Dylan inside?" Jade said to her fiancé. "I'm gonna stay in the car for a little bit. I want to be alone." "Are you sure you should be alone right now? I don't want anything to happen." Mike replied worriedly.