Daughter of the Ghost Prince: A Nicercy Story By: Chyna Phillips Leave him alone Jason! Percy is not a plaything for you! the shouts and protests of Hazel L vesque daughter of Pluto, reached the olive skinned ears of Nico Di Angelo in his cabin. He glanced across the campus of Camp Half-Blood at Hazel, who was trying so desperately to pry Jason away from Percy, who he had a major crush on since he had met the pale skinned, raven haired son of the sea. Said boy was rubbing up against Jason as if he was the best smelling person on Earth. Nico grimaced as he watched the beauty of the sea practically try to jump into Jason s pants. Nico, help me out here! she cried. He sighed; jogging over to where Hazel was uselessly trying to pull Percy away. Just what do you think you re doing to Percy, Grace? he snarled in a low voice. Percy jumped, backing away from Jason with a confused expression on his face. Nico? What s going on? Why... he asked shaking his head. Jason blinked, tilting his head to one side and scratching lightly. He shrugged and turned on his heel, striding away. Thank gods, Nico. I ve been pulling Percy off of all the guys in camp for hours now. He somehow managed to anger most of the gods like about 70% of them. So as punishment they kinda maybe cursed him so he can t resist any of the boys at camp and vice versa. He says he needs a what was it was called? she explained, looking at the boy who was rolling around in the grass like a dog. As Nico took a closer look at Percy he noticed something a bit odd about him. Like the fact that he had genuine dog ears on top of his head, that twitched and moved as campers walked by and a fluffy, bushy tail wagged behind him. I said that I need a mate! I need one NOW! Percy growled at her, his ears flattening against his head. He eyed Nico and crawled near his feet sitting there as if he had been commanded to. He rubbed up against his leg and let out a low whine. What s wrong Percy? Are you hurt? He asked leaning down to observe the boy-dog hybrid. Not hurt. Finally find mate. He whispered, looking up at Nico with wide blue eyes. Who is it, little puppy? Nico asked quietly. He would probably go and punch them in the face, but he wanted to know first. Can t just go around punching people in the face, now can you? You. Percy said crushing his lips against Nico s. Nico s eyes widened to the size of dinner plates. He pulled Percy into his arms, carting him towards his cabin. He waved to Hazel, who just stood there, dumbstruck. He closed the door to his cabin, tossing Percy onto his bed. Percy panted, his face flushed. Nico let out a low rumble of a laugh, startling the dogboy. What s funny mate? he asked, sitting up. Nico s smile darkened sadistically. I ve wanted to get you into my bed for ages he said. He moved to the bed, crawling predatorily over the older demigod. Kissing down his neck he sucked licked nipped and bit all down his neck and around his collarbone. He grinned at his master piece, a collar of bruises in shades of red and purple, glistening with saliva. Percy moaned, gripping Nico s black T-shirt, tugging insistently. Nico s eyes, contrary to popular belief are actually a dark coco brown. Yet at the moment they were dark with lust, his pupils blown wide. He pulled of his shirt insistently slow, torturing the poor boy. Percy keened loudly ripping off his shirt and jeans eyeing Nico s pants with an excited anticipation. Nico pulled them off equally slowly, watching as the puppy squirmed and whined lowly. Percy made an attempt to speed up the process and ended up with his hands bound to the posts. He tugged uselessly as Nico slid his hand down his stomach making him quiver and whine. Nico slid off his boxers, toying with Percy erection. He lightly trailed his fingers over the weeping organ, making Percy buck and whimper. Ah, ah, ah, little puppy, no moving, no whining or I ll leave you here just like this. Needy and wanting this hard cock up your needy little ass. He said darkly. Percy gulped, biting his lip tightly. Nico ran his tongue up the leaking shaft once making the boy beneath him moan. What do you want me to do to you? he said, brushing over his face carefully. Touch me he panted. Be a little more specific, baby Nico murmured, rubbing the skin on his sac. Please Nico, don t tease! he whined. He writhed on the sheets and opened his eyes as Nico removed his hands. Didn t I tell you not to whine? He said, using one hand to give him a rough smack to his rear end. Percy cried out, relishing in the pain. Nico grunted, irritated that the show of pain and dominance was pleasing him. He brought another hand down, enjoying the sound that it made. Shut up and suck my dick! barked an irritated Percy. His eyes widened and he clamped his mouth shut. Nico narrowed his eyes to slits, eyeing him menacingly. So now, you tell me what to do, hmm? he growled. Tearing off his boxers, he gripped his hips, pushing into the older demigod, grunting. Percy screamed loudly, thrashing around. Master, it hurts! Take it out, please! he cried. He secretly enjoyed the pain, but this hurt more than he could handle. You need to learn your place. He said darkly. Nico bit into Percy s shoulder, thrusting lightly. He hit a spot deep inside Percy that made him cry out and buck into him, sinking him in further. Ahhhhhhh! Harder mate! the boy beneath him cried. Nico happily obliged, thrusting into the hot, tight caverns of the Sea Prince. Percy moaned and screamed as this prostate was thoroughly abused by Nico. He wanted to be gentle with the poor boy, but Percy was making that increasingly difficult, moving his hips just the right way, and the wanton sounds he made! Nico growled into his shoulder, sinking his teeth in further. He heard Percy yelp and tasted the tangy metallic of his blood. He removed his teeth and kissed the slightly bloody shoulder. He thrust in deeper, growling quietly. Percy moaned and writhed beneath him, and without warning came hard onto Nico s chest. Nico paused, eyeing the semen on his chest. Did I say, that you could cum? he said lowly. I m sorry mate. I couldn t help it Percy said quietly. But that s not my fault, now is it? he asked. No. he said quivering. Nico wrapped two fingers around the base of Percy s cock, preventing him from cumming. Nico resumed his thrusts hard and rough, hitting his prostate with almost unnatural precision. Percy thrashed about, trying to get Nico to remove his fingers. Nico felt the coil of muscles in his stomach, signaling his approaching orgasm. With a few more powerful strokes, he came, screaming out Percy s name. He was sobbing from all the intense pleasure that Nico was giving him. Nico released the boy s cock, allowing him to release all over Nico and himself. Nico pulled out of Percy and lay down next to him. Percy s breathing was erratic and harsh. Before long his breathing was slow and calm and Nico glanced at him. The sight made him smile; Percy had passed out from lack of breath, his raven hair dishelved; his face flushed a light pink. Nico threw one leg over Percy s in a show of dominance, then let sleep overtake him. End Chapter 1 Me: So yeah Nico has his boyfriend and eye candy, and I m still single Damn you Nico Nico: Eye candy? What s that? Is that candy for your eyes? Percy: I ll teach you about eye candy, let s go to my cabin and I ll show you When he woke up Percy was cuddled against his chest, snoring softly. Nico smiled, stroking the raven hair. Percy awoke soon after yawning and stretching. Mornin he mumbled, blinking sleepily. Nico kissed him on the forehead murmuring a greeting. Nico, do you have a bathroom? he asked. Nico glanced at Percy who was a slight shade of green. Yeah, go down the hall to the left. First door to your right. he said, pointing. Percy shot off like a rocket down the hall, and Nico heard the opening and slamming of the door. Worried, Nico followed him to the bathroom. He heard the retch of his beloved Sea Prince, and opened the door quietly. Percy was hunched over the porcelain throne throwing up all the contents in his stomach. Nico kneeled next to him rubbing his bare back encouragingly and murmuring sweet encouragement into his ears. After a while Percy had stopped retching and was rinsing his mouth out in the sink. Do you wanna go to Will and see what s wrong? Nico asked, not caring whether he said yes or no. He would drag him out of there to Will s if he had to. To his relief he nodded and followed Nico dutifully back to his room. Nico began pulling on clothes and handed Percy some of his clothes that were too small on him yet seemed to be too big on Percy. Nico opened a drawer, and much to Percy s surprise pulled out a collar and leash decorated in silver studs. He fastened it around Percy s neck, attaching the leash as well. Nico tugged on the leash lightly, pulling Percy along with him. He closed his door and spoke the Greek password for it to close. When they arrived at Will s cabin, Nico took the leash off of him, but left the collar on. Will was typing on a computer, filling out a form of some sort no doubt. Hey Will, can you give Percy a quick check-over? He threw up this morning and complains that he gets sharp pains in his stomach. Nico explained. Sure Nico, but you know the rules, go wait outside like everyone else. I ll send Percy out when he s done. Will said, rolling his chair over to him. Nico eyed Percy for a couple seconds, and then left, running his hand through his hair with an exparated sigh. All right Percy, let s see what s wrong. Will said. He placed his stethoscope in his ears and asked him to lift his shirt. He placed the cold metal on his skin, making him shiver. He furrowed his brows and looked at him, confused. Percy, have you been sexually active in the last 24 hours, with another male? he asked. He blushed profusely, remembering last night. Y-yeah w-why? he stuttered. Well if I am correct you re pregnant. And the male you had sex with is the father. I strongly suggest you tell him immediately. Otherwise, you re fine Percy. You can go now he said turning away from him. Dazed, Percy walked out of the cabin where Nico immediately swarmed him with questions about if he was okay and how he was. Percy promised to explain to him what was going on once they got to his cabin. Once inside, Nico flopped onto a chase in a kinda living room area. So what s wrong with you Puppy? Nico asked. Percy sat at the other end of the couch, making Nico frown. I, ummm, I m pregnant. he said quietly. Nico sat forward, his eyes narrowed into slits. What did you say? he asked his voice low. I- I-I m p-pregnant Nico. A-a-and it s y-yours.