Chapter 1: Whose Woods These Are It took a lot of scrubbing to get the blood off her hands. Long hours in triage under the flapping tarpaulin of this makeshift hospital had left them so stained that one spell alone wouldn't clean. By the time Lily Potter ducked out of the stifling shade of the tent, her skin was raw, her fingers aching. Sunlight was blinding absolution, spots in front of her eyes searing away the images of pain and suffering left behind. A gentle breeze made the heat less stifling. It didn't make the draining dryness or the persistent dust more tolerable, though, and the moment she was back in the ruins of Aguilar, she had to cough. 'Here.' The bottle pressed into her hand was cold, the water refreshing as she drank, drank enough to drown the moans from the tent until she had to cough and choke. A hand clapped her back. 'Yes. Kill yourself with it. That's what I meant. This was all a cunning assassination ploy.' She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. 'Sorry. Thanks.' Somehow, nothing ruffled Scorpius Malfoy. Even in the searing heat he was tanned, not sweating, golden hair bleached even brighter by the sun. The sleeves of his linen white shirt were rolled up, his sunglasses glinting in the brightness, his smile easy, unconcerned, but not inappropriate. 'You've been in there a while. You alright?' 'I'm a Healer,' Lily said reflexively. 'This is my job.' 'Oh, you see settlements devastated by magical storm often in Saint Mungo's? Or has a Saturday night down the Leaky Cauldron not calmed down at all?' 'A little. Speaking of, are you going to actually return to Britain any time soon?' 'I was going to after the party. Then this happened and Congress called us in and now, here we are. New Mexico.' He gave a mock-sigh. 'Americans. Can't take care of their own crisis.' 'That's the price you pay for being good at what you do,' Lily pointed out. She took a gentler sip of water and turned to the sandstone and shattered timber remains of Aguilar. It was a small magical settlement in the middle of nowhere in New Mexico. There hadn't been much time to learn about it between getting the deployment notice and grabbing a Portkey, so all Lily had gathered over the last twenty-four hours of travel, set-up, and work was that some strong local magical auras led to curious arcane phenomena. They kept Aguilar's population small, but also drew in scholars and researchers trying to chart these changes, and what they did to the flora and fauna. What they had lately done was turn a midsummer thunderstorm into a disaster that magical protections hadn't been ready for. It was the sort of once-in-a-century mishap of arcane lightning and winds beyond all comprehension that tore through protections, walls, people, and left the population of a hundred or so witches and wizards with shattered homes and shattered lives. A freak occurrence like this could be dealt with. But it meant MACUSA didn't have the staff on hand to respond half so quickly as the Methuselah Jones Foundation. The charity had been set up in the War of Thorns, mostly helping magical settlements across the globe with the aftermath of war and other cruel acts of wizard. So Congress called in Scorpius Malfoy and his people, because sometimes an act of God and magic needed the same answers. 'The death toll's at twelve now,' Lily continued once her mouth wasn't as arid as the scrubland around Aguilar, stretching on far across rolling hills. The mountains in the distance, a grubby, deceptive brown, were where the storms had come from, where the tightest weaves of magic knotted. The devastation had ripped the town up, making it look now like it had been lost for fifty years instead of fifty hours, and everywhere she looked locals and charity workers picked through the wreckage, searching for belongings and starting the tidying and rebuilding process. At least they weren't searching for bodies any more. 'Hernando lost the woman who was at the epicentre; her body was just changing and he couldn't stabilise her...' Scorpius' hand returned to her shoulder, reassuring, comforting. 'That's only one more in the last six hours. The rest?' 'We're out of the worst of it. I think they'll be alright.' A shrug. 'I wouldn't be able to take a break, otherwise.' 'I guess not. You've done good work here.' Lily drew a deep breath and looked again across Aguilar. 'How's the shelter coming?' 'People have a place to sleep, if they're not shipping out. A lot of those still standing want to help. We can get the rebuilding work done over the next forty-eight hours, though there's nothing to be done for what's been properly lost.' Scorpius clicked his tongue. 'This sort of stuff's Albus' strong point, not mine.' 'Yeah, I thought you just sat at a desk and dealt with boring people and boring paperwork.' 'I like to elevate the boring with my eternal wit and charm.' 'Is that why you let Al take six months' leave without any notice? To keep all of this exciting ?' It didn't make much difference to her work if it was Al calling the shots out here or Scorpius. In truth, it was easier with Scorpius; she hadn't worked for him long, but he was less likely to coddle her than Al, more likely to let her get on with her job and trust her to be a responsible adult. But it still wasn't like her big brother to take off without warning. Or, it wasn't supposed to be like him any more . Scorpius hesitated, and she kept her gaze locked on him. 'I didn't know this crisis was going to happen. He needs the time off.' 'Oh. Great. Can I have six months' paid leave?' 'When you've worked for me for five years and jumped across the world for every bloody project, sure , Omega Potter, you can.' 'No thanks,' she sighed. 'I'd like to have a life instead of ram my face into your work or my family's every mishaps. Is that why you let him go? So he can go find himself instead of sleep-walking through life?' Scorpius clicked his tongue again. 'Something like that.' She narrowed her eyes. 'You're up to something. Both of you. There's another one of your schemes -' He took a step back. 'I am doing nothing wrong -' 'Does Rose know?' 'You make it sound like I'm an untrustworthy fellow, keeping sordid secrets from his beloved wife -' 'That's a no .' 'I would have talked to her,' he said defiantly, 'except I had a fancy party in the Caribbean and then the very next morning had to come rushing out here with all you bastards because some mountain blew itself up.' 'So there is something to talk about.' He stared at her, then folded his arms across his chest. 'I thought the Potter branch of the clan was meant to be the nice bit.' 'No, that's just Al. You do remember Dad's in charge of the Auror department? Mum was famed for her aggressive take-downs on the Quidditch pitch? You've met James?' 'Unfortunately.' He brushed his hair out of his face. 'So you're also absolutely bad news. I'll let the American contingent know; that Castillo looks like she should be warned about you.' Lily's stomach did a loop-the-loop. 'That's not fair .' His beam was almost bright enough to reflect the sunlight. 'A rough-and-tough American Auror shouldn't underestimate you if you're trouble, and I reckon she's got you pegged as sugar and spice and all things nice - ow !' He laughed as she kicked him in the shins, reeling back. 'I can dock your pay, you know!' 'I just pulled an eighteen-hour shift,' Lily warned. 'I have had my arm inside someone up to my elbow . I could not be in less of a chirpy Little Potter mood, so don't you dare start teasing me about Auror - who for the record, I haven't even paid attention to!' 'So I'll make sure she knows you're not interested next time she oh-so-casually asks me what your story is when we're checking the perimeter?' Lily stepped back, glowering. 'I'm too sleepy for this shit,' she muttered, then paused. 'Did she say that?' Scorpius shrugged. 'I thought you didn't care?' She waved a cranky hand at him and turned away. 'I'm hitting my bunk. I've had enough of you.' He laughed as she left, and she felt a little better for it, a little like the long hours in the stifling heat amongst the injured and dying of Aguilar in a makeshift hospital that couldn't do quite enough for any of them were fading away. Several big tents had been set up on the edge of town for the relief workers. There weren't enough bunks for all of them, but that was less of a problem when everyone worked more hours than they rested. Only two of the beds in the tent she picked were occupied, a Healer colleagues and one of the American Enforcers here to help with security snatching a little sleep. The Enforcer was flat on his back and snoring, and she cursed as she picked a free bunk and took off her boots. In the end, she passed out more or less the moment her head hit the pillow. She wasn't sure what woke her. Dusk was gathering outside, so perhaps she was getting colder. Perhaps the pressure in the atmosphere was changing, or perhaps there was only so long she could be this oblivious. It certainly wasn't a sound, because when her eyes fluttered open and she glanced around the bunkroom, she jumped when she saw Auror Castillo in the doorway. 'Shit -' Castillo raised her hands, grinning apologetically. 'Sorry, Potter. Just stuck my head in lookin' for Stanislavski. Didn't mean to wake you.' 'You didn't.' Lily sat up. A quick glance around showed she was the only person inside, and she rubbed her eyes. 'He was here when I fell asleep. What time is it?' With a flip of the wrist, Castillo checked her pocket-watch. It shone differently to the silver-plated watches of British wizards; looked simpler, hardier. She suspected titanium. 'Nine. It'll get dark soon.' 'Shit,' Lily hissed again, and stood. 'I've been asleep six hours.' Castillo arched an eyebrow. She was tall and graceful and, Lily hadn't helped but notice, muscular, comfortable in hard-wearing boots and dragonhide trousers even in this heat and a sleeveless shirt showing off her arms. Lily, for her part, felt like a pint-sized mess of scruffy Healer garb and wild red hair and a freckled complexion threatening to let her burn under the sun. 'What, they don't let Healers sleep in England?' 'I need to get back in the hospital -' 'Most of the rest of you are sleeping in the other tent. Four of you still on duty in hospital, most patients're still unconscious, too. It's waiting time, Potter. Use it to rest.' Lily ignored her and pulled on her boots. 'You're not resting, you're running around,' she babbled. 'Beating the bounds or patrolling the perimeter or whatever it is you Aurors do -' 'Guarding,' Castillo supplied helpfully. 'Yes, well, I could tell you to get some sleep.' Lily stood, hands on her hips, wild hair she knew not helping her cause. 'And I could order that. As a doctor. Order you into bed.' The world did not do her the favour of opening up under her and dragging her into hell. So the words decided to, instead, lie fat and heavy between them, leering and looming and enough to send heat flying to her cheeks, doubtless turning her face as red as her hair. Then Castillo grinned. 'Is that an order, or an offer?' Which, of course, was when the explosion happened. It came from the west,