Annie opens her eyes, then immediately snaps them shut again. She left her window open last night, so her room this morning is a tidal wave of white light that still manages to burn, even through her eyelids. The only downside she can ever find to living on the coast is the sheer brightness of the sun. Though, she supposes, it could be this bright everywhere. She'll probably never find out, something she's more than okay with. The only way she'll ever leave District 4 is if she goes to the Capitol, and that's a fate she's spent her entire life avoiding. Reluctantly, she lets her eyes slide open, then, with a deep yawn, swings her feet off the bed and stands up. She walks over to her window and leans out of it, inhaling the smells of salt water and sand and fried fish that are wafting up to her from the street. The ocean is glittering, just a few blocks away from her, and the sounds of celebration echo from the whole city. She inhales another noseful of that intoxicating smell before looking down to see the commotion. Kids are running through the streets, every which way, while adults walk slowly, chatting with each other, every now and then glancing around to see if they lost their child. Everyone seems to be dressed up. They're all heading in one direction: towards the center of town. Annie smacks herself on the forehead and pulls back into her room when she realizes what day it is. The reaping. Even now, a little knot of anxiety bundles in her stomach, forcing her to take a deep breath. She's managed to avoid being reaped for five years now. There are only six slips of paper in the bowl that have her name on them, meaning there's only a six-in-some-high-number chance that she'll be picked. Overall, the odds of her name coming out of that bowl are slim. Fighting has never been Annie's strong suit. Whenever they have mandatory training days in school, she always struggles through them. Because of that, she's always singled out. Poor, pathetic little Annie Cresta, who bruises like a peach and cries if someone gets hurt. Everyone else in her group always excels, but her arms were too weak to throw a trident properly. Or that's what she tells people. She isn't stupid; she knows how fortunate she is to grow up in District 4. There's always food on her table, even if she has to catch it. She's never gone to bed hungry, which is more than people in some other Districts could say. She's heard rumors that most of the people in 12 don't have anything. Whether or not it's true, it makes Annie grateful, but also sad. Being from a richer district means a distinct advantage going into the arena. Annie isn't necessarily weak. She just doesn't want anyone to die. A chorus of children's laughter flies in through her window, pulling her out of her train of thought. All of a sudden, she has to go for a swim. Her nightgown is off in a flash, crumpled in a heap on her otherwise clean floor. Her favorite blue swimsuit is hanging on a hook by her dresser. It's her most worn item of clothing. In fact, she usually wears it under any other outfit. She pulls an old white dress over her head, letting her long brown hair fan down her back, and runs down the hall. There's barely time for a brief "good morning" to her parents, and she's out the apartment door and down the stairs to the street, taking the steps two at a time, with unbrushed hair and no shoes. The streets are about ten times as packed as they looked from above. The reaping isn't for several hours, but everyone is heading to the square early. This is typical of District 4. People get excited about the Games. As she squeezes past a group of adults, she catches part of their conversation. "I just hope my Camber gets picked this year," one mother says to her friends. "He's been training for so long—" Annie covers her ears and starts to run through the people, and down side streets, until she reaches the beach. It's usually packed, but today it's almost empty. There are only a few people scattered on towels around the sand. Promptly ignoring all of them, Annie sprints to the water, the white sand gripping between her toes, and pulls her dress off, letting it crumple on the sand like her nightgown on her floor. She's already waist-deep in the warm, blue water when she decides to dive. Eyes shut tight, she plunges into the ocean, water streaming through her hair and pulling all of her anxiety away. Just for a moment, she's her normal self, and it's any other day in the year. She exhales through her nose and reaches her hands ahead to help propel herself forward and then up to refill her lungs. When she breaks the surface, she whips her hair back in a wide arc and lets her hands follow to smooth it back. Her eyes open slowly, out of habit, to try to keep out saltwater that barely bothers her anymore. She flips, effortlessly, on her back, allowing the waves to carry her out. The sun is warm on the front of her body, and she breathes deeply, closing her eyes as she exhales. If she wasn't facing the possibility of her death, this could have been the beginning of a perfect day. She floats on her back for a few minutes, stomach tight and arms just barely waving to keep her above water, when something yanks at her foot. Screaming, she kicks wildly and lifts her torso so she's vertical again. When she rights herself, preparing to fight off a shark or some other monstrosity, she's instead faced with her only friend, who's laughing like a madman. "That wasn't funny, Finnick," she scolds. "You should've seen it from my perspective, Cresta," he says, half laughing. "Your arms did that flailing thing. You look like a seal when you're scared." She glares at him. "I thought a gross fish thing was attacking me," she tells him. "I guess I wasn't too far off." He laughs again. "What are you doing out here?" he asks. "Shouldn't you be getting ready for the reaping?" "I could ask you the same question, big-shot victor," she replies. He shrugs, or makes a valiant attempt to. It must be difficult with his arms underwater. "I just wanted to swim around for a while before I was stowed off to the Capitol for a few weeks. You don't know how horrible it is to live without being able to wake up every morning and see… well, that," he says, gesturing out toward the horizon. She stares silently at the glittering ocean that seems to stretch out forever before meeting the bright blue, cloudless sky. "I'm nervous," she finally blurts, turning back to him. He smiles, curiously, at her. "What?" he asks. "I'm nervous about the reaping," she admits. "That's why I'm out here. Swimming always calms me down." He laughs again. "You're a piece of work, Cresta," he tells her. "Is that good or bad?" He tries to shrug again before changing the subject. "We should probably head back to shore. I've got to start getting ready. I have to look absolutely perfect for the reaping," he says, miming a hair flip. "Yeah, you should go. It'll take you ages to look good," she jokes. As he shoves her shoulder, Annie thinks that maybe the only reason they're friends is because she has never fawned over him like the rest of the country seems to. "Go home and at least try to look presentable for the reaping, Cresta," he says, smiling and shoving her shoulder again. He turns around then and begins to swim back to shore. "You can just call me Annie, Finnick, remember?" she calls after him. "No, I can't," he yells back. She dives into the water, propelling herself forward quickly. A few seconds later, she emerges right next to him. It's an accident, but it makes her look more impressive. "Wanna race?" she asks. The words are barely out of her mouth before she's back underwater, knowing he'll take her up. Finnick never misses an opportunity to show off. Every few seconds she comes up for air. He's nowhere to be seen. She quickly reaches the shore, mere seconds before he does. Her dress is only a few feet away, and she grabs it while he shakes the water from his hair. The few people who were on the beach have left by now. Annie's more than a little relieved by this, and she knows Finnick is, too. It's never fun to be gawked at by a crowd. "Beat you," she gloats, pulling the dress over her head. It clings to her wet skin, but she doesn't care. Finnick rolls his eyes and starts walking in the other direction, toward his house in the Victor's Village. Annie knows he's silently disappointed. "See you in a couple hours," she yells across the sand. He holds up one hand, acknowledging her statement. She smiles and starts walking up the beach, back towards home. When she walks in the door, she notices her parents aren't home. They left a note on her door, telling her they went to the fish market. Her dad always makes her favorite meal before the reaping. It usually calms her down before the stress of waiting in a cheering crowd to hear if she's about to die or not. Annie is the only person she knows who has zero desire to participate in the Hunger Games. Everyone else her age considers it an honor. She considers it a horrific death sentence. Because of this attitude, everyone at school ignores her. Or, worse, they don't, and Annie comes home with bruises, fighting back tears. Finnick is an oddity for speaking to her. But, then, he can do anything he wants at this point. She tries not to think about the coming afternoon as she fills the small tub in her bathroom, strips all of her clothes off, and climbs into the lukewarm water, which isn't nearly as comforting as the ocean was. While she scrubs sand and salt from her skin and hair, she thinks, instead, about Finnick Odair. They officially met a year before, at combat training, when he was her sparring coach. He stood back, giving her pointers while she threw half-hearted punches at him. Everyone around them would shoot jealous looks at her from time to time. They couldn't believe weak little Annie had been paired with a victor. Not just a victor, too, but Finnick Odair. Towards the end of their session, a patient but exasperated Finnick told her to punch him as hard as she could, which she only did out of nerves and pressure. Instead of hitting him in the stomach, which he was prepared for, she flinched and hit him in the jaw. When he recoiled in pain, tears bloomed in her eyes, and she raced forward, apologizing, to make sure he was okay. Even though he assured her he was, Annie still felt guilty. Even to this day, people make fun of her for it. The only violent thing she's ever done, and it was an accident. Not only that, but she had cried in front of Finnick Odair. Overall, it was not Annie's best moment. He seemed to think it was charming, though, or at least funny, because he started a conversation with her when they ran into each other at the fish market a few days later. With her hair clean and her skin smooth, she climbs out of the bath and lets the water drain away. She wraps herself in a towel and walks back into her bedroom, where she quickly