The water rushes up to meet her, making her flinch when it slips over her feet, and continues to move. Breathe , Annie tells herself. She has to force her breath out through her pursed lips as the water recedes and she sinks a little into the soft sand. Six months later, and she still can't go more than ankle-deep in the ocean. She lets one more wave roll over her feet before shaking them out and walking back up the short stretch of beach to her house. It's still strange to think of it as her house. For her entire life, all she's had is a small bedroom in a small apartment, but now this entire building belongs to her. Two storys tall, with a full kitchen stocked with food, two living rooms, three bedrooms, and two bathrooms; it's more than she'll ever need. Every bedroom faces the ocean, like they picked this one specifically for her so she'd have to look at it everyday. At first, she could barely sleep, knowing it was out there. It's so quiet at night in the Victor's Village that she can hear the waves. Or maybe it's just her imagination. Either way, for the first month or so of living there, the waves would turn into rushing water every night. They would sweep in, over her entire house, and drown her. And then she would hear the noise. That awful noise from the Arena. The one that drilled into her ears and her bones and her brain. The one that meant something bad was about to happen. She'd wake up screaming then, kicking her way to the surface of a tidal wave that didn't exist anymore. She'd gasp for air that she had plenty of and then start crying because she felt so stupid for crying over something like that. She still feels stupid, every time she cries. Every day, she tries to swim in the ocean, and, every day, her body seizes up once it touches the water. Early on, she made it pretty far in. She kept pushing herself, through the protest of her muscles and the tears streaming down her face, until the ocean crept through her swimsuit and touched her stomach. Panic took over then. The next thing she knew, she was sitting on her back porch with her hands pressed over her ears and Finnick's hands resting on her knees. Just like on the day her parents died. She stops then, only a few steps from the porch, and takes a deep breath. Of all people, she finds Finnick's company the most comforting. She sometimes thinks she'd be happy never looking at him again, but she sleeps better next to him. There's some part of her that still feels the same way she felt before she went in the Arena. There's a bigger part of her, though, that hates him. No, hate is too strong. She wants to scream at him. If he had let her die, her parents would be alive, and she wouldn't have nightmares about dead people and huge waves. He was the one who found her, after Snow had her parents shot before her eyes, after the clean up crew came in to dispose of their bodies. She only sat there, through all of it, watching their blood creep across the floor until the pools combined into one huge one. Then people came in, and removed them, and cleaned up the blood. Their faces were mixed bags of pity and disgust, daring her to make any sort of move, to prove herself. To be the person she was in the Arena, the person who, just a few days earlier, had been covered in Lark's blood, or Ivory's blood, or Sebastian's, or Hera's. She couldn't stand the looks they were giving her, so she stared at nothing, just a fleck on the wall that wouldn't come off no matter how hard she scratched it, until Finnick was kneeling in front of her, taking her hands and repeating her name over and over. He helped her up and took her to his house, where she slept in his bed for the first time. She'd been sleeping there, a lot of nights, ever since. She can't think about that now, though. She takes another deep breath and pushes open the huge ornate doors that lead directly into her kitchen. She's greeted immediately by the smell of garlic. "How far today?" Mags stands next to the stove, stirring a large pot. Her long gray hair is tied back today, and she's wearing an apron. She sets down her spoon when Annie walks in, and walks over to give her a hug, making her smile for the first time today. "Ankles," she tells her. "For how long?" "Five waves." Annie lets out a breath and crosses behind Mags to grab a glass from the cupboard above her head. "Hey!" another voice exclaims. Annie stops herself from flinching. She didn't know he was here. "That's great!" "A year ago, I was—" "This isn't a year ago," he says. Annie fills her glass with water, keeping her eyes away from Finnick. She takes a long sip and turns back with a smile to meet Mags' eyes. "Time?" she asks. Annie nods. "The whole crew will be here soon, and I want to do this before my makeover." "Do you want any company?" Finnick asks. She still hasn't looked at him. She can see the rope in his hands from the corner of her eye. She shakes her head no and walks out of the kitchen, through the front living room, out the front door, and onto the main road running through the Victors' Village. The road is bustling today, bursting with people and camera equipment. A few of them look up from their jobs when they hear the door open, but quickly return to whatever they're doing. Some of them seem to be laying down a track. Some are placing cameras in various spots around the exterior of her house. Tomorrow, she leaves for her Victory Tour. Tonight is her interview, so the country can see how crazy she still is. She chose this persona. Now she has to stick with it. She's been putting off thinking about the tour, though, for as long as possible. Seeing the crew set up makes it hard to ignore. She trains her eyes on the ground and keeps walking. Annie glances at Finnick's house, right across from hers, and slips one hand up her neck, towards her ear. She hates being so cold to him, but she also hates being surprised by his visits. His choices, his advice, landed her here, just as much as hers. She still can't forgive him for everything, just like she can't forgive herself. She walks down the street, past all the empty houses, to the cemetery at the back. She stops short when she sees the gate, reminded of why she's there. Her crying father on his knees. Her mother, with nothing but anger in her eyes. Two gunshots. Two pools of blood, slowly mixing into one. She can't breathe. The world is too small, and she's too big, and all she wants is to not exist. I can't , she thinks. I can't do it . Their deaths had been covered up, of course. The day after they were murdered, there was an announcement: There had been a horrible boating accident. Her parents were out to catch some fish for her victory dinner when they capsized. No survivors. There was a small public funeral, where only a few of their friends showed up. Annie didn't go to that one. She couldn't sit through a gathering like that. Fishing on your own is illegal in District 4. They died criminals, according to the whole District. She couldn't face that. On top of that, Sebastian's funeral was the day before. She went, but didn't say anything. His family kept shooting her dirty looks. They didn't want her there. They didn't want any sort of association with the Poor Mad Girl. She left before the ceremony ended. You can , a voice tells her, but it's not her own. She doesn't know whose it is. She takes a deep breath and moves herself, step by step, to the cemetery. She walks toward the back, and, when she finds their grave, sinks to her knees. HERE LIE BECK AND MILA CRESTA BELOVED PARENTS AND FRIENDS Her two shells, the only decorations she could bring herself to add, sit on either side of their names. As she watches, the shells turn into bullet holes, and begin to ooze blood. She shuts her eyes and grabs her ears before the noise can start. She remembers when she said goodbye to them, before she left for the Games. Her mom was so proud of her, and her dad told her to be safe. I hope you're still proud , she thinks. I'm sorry I couldn't keep you safe . She makes a mental note to add more shells. The funeral isn't really over until the graves are covered with them. It had all been too fresh at the time, and the service so soon, that she didn't take the time to decorate. She regrets that now, as she stares at the two white shells she glued on. They deserve more. They deserve better. Sebastian's headstone was beautiful, dotted with shells of all colors, swirling around his name like a kaleidoscope. The whole family had worked on it. Her parents deserve something that grand. After a long time, she stands up to leave, and realizes her face is wet. She walks home quickly, or, at least, it feels quick to Annie. The crew is setting up huge lights now, taller than she is. She ignores them as she walks in the door, and they ignore her. "Annie!" An excited shout, followed by a pale pink blur pulling her into itself, can only mean one thing. "Hi, Mena," she says, patting her on the back to avoid really hugging her. "Is the whole crew here?" Her former escort dislodges herself and holds her at arm's length. Her wig, like her outfit, is pink. Everything about her pops. The lightness of her clothing, with her dark skin, makes her glow. This was probably the point. Her eyes are painted the same color, her eyelashes inhumanly long with little pink gems at the corners, but her lips are blended in with the rest of her face. The contrast is a little jarring. "Yes," Mena answers, looking her up and down. "And they have some work to do. If you want to point me to your jewelry, I'll get it all set up for you." The next few hours are a haze. She shows Mena the bin with her necklaces in it, and the spot in the living room she was going to set them up in. She starts to help, but then Stella, her stylist, sweeps in, flanked by her prep team, all dressed in slim black clothes. They pull Annie away after a few short greetings, all the way into her bedroom upstairs. She remembers the first time they worked on her. She was a different person then, a whole lifetime ago, but she sits, silently, in the same way while they brush her hair and wash her and wax her and pluck her and paint her. She doesn't remember their names, and she doesn't care enough to ask. They barely even talk to each other this time. She is the Poor Mad Girl, and everyone, even the people on her team, believes that story. When they finish, Stella puts her in a long dress covered with shells. Her skin is smooth and flawless, her makeup shimmering in the light without overpowering her face. Her hair is braided in a long circle around her head, like a dark crown dotted with pearls and small shells. She's