Literally I do not care. I'm just going to spew stuff and hopefully it turns out as a coherent story. Should be fun! You get to figure out how this world is different as we go along. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and do not profit from this work. It had all come to this. As Harry sat at the table with all those people yelling around him he thought about the last few years. This, like the time Hagrid had broke down a door to tell him he was a wizard, was one of those life changing days. When he went back to Number 4 Privet drive, Harry was restless. He didn't want to sleep. When he did the nightmares came. He didn't know what to do. Cerdic's death still played in his mind's eye, clear as day. He felt guilty. He felt anger and hate. Emotions clouded his days. He had walked out into the back garden one day when he and Dudley were the only ones home and found his cousin smoking a cigarette. "You tell Dad and I'll beat you blue." Dudley said eyeing Harry. Wordlessly, Harry had walked over to the table where his cousin sat and picked up the lighter and pack of cigarettes. He lit one and pulled hard. He coughed. Dudley snorted. "I don't really give a shit Dudley whether you smoke cigs or do crack." Harry said and sat down at the table. He pulled again on the cigarette and felt the harsh smoke filter into his lungs. He exhaled and let the soothing sensation wash over him. They sat there for a moment. "What happened?" Dudley asked. Harry looked up. "What do you mean?" "No one just does that. That is your first one. What the hell happened to make you do that?" Dudley said pointing with a fat finger at the smoking object in Harry's hand. "I saw someone murdered in front of me." Dead silence. Dudley then shrugged his shoulders and put out his cigarette. He left the pack on the table for Harry. Now Harry gained a great deal of respect for Dudley in that conversation which was quickly wiped away when Dudley screwed him a few days later by getting him expelled. Typical. But Harry couldn't stop thinking. He thought long and hard about what Voldemort's return would mean for him. For his friends. For England. For the world. What role was he going to take in this? How was he going to shape his future? And in that moment with all those people shouting around him, trying to make his life decisions for him, he snapped. Harry jumped to his feet, knocking the chair back onto the floor with a bang, and buried the knife Sirius had given him into the table. Everyone around the table jumped into a stunned silence. The knife sat there quivering. Harry's insides burned with anger. Why did they need to keep him in the dark? "That's not good enough! I have spent my entire life either abused or in the constant knowledge that I might be murdered tomorrow. Now Voldemort is back and I have a target painted across my chest. We have Voldemort, trying to murder me and my friends, and the Ministry, who is oppressive to any wizard who is not of pure blood. I have been through as much as some of you and more than others. I am not a child anymore. I grew up after I escaped Voldemort in first year. I see some of you are still scared of his name. Well I am not afraid to die and I am ready to fight. I will have my revenge." The table went silent. But the silence was short lived as Mrs. Weasley fired up again. "Harry I forbid you-" "Excuse me, Molly. But I did not realize your name was Lily Evans. I consider you family but do not make the mistake of thinking that I am going to follow your instruction like I would my mother." Mr. Weasley raised his eyebrows but said nothing. Mrs. Weasley sat down in shock. "I do not have the time to be coddled like a child. I may be dead before I am 20. For all we know I may be dead tomorrow. Do not do me the disservice of making me feel less than I am by trying to keep me in the dark. Do not coddle me and then let it be too late. I have a right to know what goes on in the war against that monster." Lupin looked up at Harry and then down the table at Sirius. Tonks was staring at Harry with newfound respect. Kingsley was watching the other people in the room, his steely eyes flitting from person to person. "Dumbledore has-" began Lupin gently but Harry snapped at him. "Oh yes Dumbledore. I knew this would come up. Dumbledore told you all that I can't know what happens. But why? You may trust Dumbledore but unless you like being pawns in a chess game then you would be asking yourself why as well." Lupin raised his hands in defeat. "I will not stop you. It is up to us however to decide whether or not to tell you. It has been a difficult topic already between the members of the Order." Sirius looked around the table. "Harry has a point. I am willing to make this argument to Dumbledore myself if I have to. I vote that we tell Harry the truth. All of it. Anyone else in favor?" There was a murmuring of agreement around the table. Even Mr. Weasley was nodding his head. Mrs. Weasley sank deeper into her chair. "Go on then. Explain. What's been happening?" Harry said wrenching the knife out of the table and sitting down across from Sirius. "Voldemort is on the move. That much we know. He has already sent emissaries to the werewolves, vampires, giants, and dementors. He is gathering his old followers. According to Severus, he has been ordering certain Death Eaters brought to him to swear allegiance to him again." Sirius explained. "This is only the beginning. Right now the Ministry denying his return is very useful to him. It will allow him to gain followers without resistance. He is rebuilding the network that mostly fell when he did last time. We have been doing all we can to counter this. We are doing predominantly the same things that he is, sending emissaries, gathering old members, and trying to bring others around to our side. It is difficult due to the Ministry's stance on Voldemort." Harry moved at that. "What is Fudge doing to counter us?" "Well he is controlling and using the Prophet to his advantage. He is using it to discredit Dumbledore and yourself. Seeing as you two are the root of this it makes sense to start with you." "Anything else?" "He is using the Hit Wizards to keep track of those he knows to be working with Dumbledore. He is also trying to push legislation through the Wizengamot to make it easier for him to track people. New registrations for muggleborns and other creatures." "Spying on them?" "Essentially yes." There was silence as Harry pondered this. Fudge was proving to be a right pain in the ass. "What else is the Order doing?" "Well… This is where giving you knowledge is going to cause problems. But we have already decided to go through with it so you may know. Now I am going to need the help of everyone because there are parts of it that I don't know. Inside the Ministry is the Department of Mysteries. This is the top secret department that the Minister himself oversees. This is where they do magical experiments and hide dangerous magical artyfacts. In the department is a room where prophecies are kept." "Prophecies?" "Do you remember the prophecy that you told me about? The one Trelawney gave you? Well this is where that prophecy is recorded." "So why is this important?" "It is the reason Voldemort came to kill you all those years ago." Harry's breath hitched. This was something he had always asked Dumbledore to tell him but had always been denied. Now he would finally know." "Go ahead." "There was a prophecy made about Voldemort. I do not know exactly what it contains but in essence it pointed that you would be the one to kill him." Silence. Harry sat back in his seat staring at Sirius. He continued. "Voldemort did not hear the entire prophecy when he was told about it. It is kept in the Department of Mysteries in the Hall of Prophecy. The Order is taking it in turns to guard the entrance to the Department in case Death Eaters attempt to steal the prophecy." Harry's mind was reeling. This is why. Because of prophecy. And now Harry knew. He fumbled in his pocket and pulled out a cigarette. He saw Mrs. Weasley raise her eyebrows at him. Sirius lit it across the table and Harry took a long drag. "What does the prophecy say?" "You will have to ask Dumbledore. He was the one who heard it." Sirius replayed. Harry nodded. He understood why Dumbledore had kept it from him. But he wished he hadn't. The truth didn't make Harry feel much different. He was still bloodthirsty. He still wanted vengeance. He still wanted justice. "I'll be sure to ask him." Harry said quietly. "What can we do to help?" asked Fred. The twins had remained silent and unmoving until then. "Not much I'm afraid. Most of this cold war is taking place far from Hogwarts. There will be no open fighting until Voldemort comes out into the open," Lupin said from where he sat. "There has to be something!" George snapped. "We are fighting a war on two fronts. The Ministry is actively fighting what we are saying and trying to silence us. Voldemort is on the move. There is not much you can do from Hogwarts." Lupin said shaking his head. "There is something…" began Arthur. "The Ministry is placing someone at Hogwarts and adding more protection to the school. I say protection lightly because he is placing several squads of Hit Wizards at the school to keep Dumbledore under watch. Technically the Ministry can do that and has certain powers over the school. Now that Dumbledore has lost his spot on the Wizengamot he has less influence over legislation regarding the school." "Why do they want to silence us? If any hint of Voldemort's return was imminent I thought the Wizarding World would be ready to fight back." "You would think so. But there are several issues. Fudge does not want to lose his grip on power. The only way he can be removed is if the Wizengamot votes him out. As a moderate blood purist himself the pure blood families will not vote him out. He does not want to lose that faction's support. The progressives are few and far between right now since the Wizengamot is still heavily controlled by the older families. England has not had a new shift in government for almost 500 years. And also Harry you don't understand how scared of Voldemort people are. He can kill anyone, do what he pleases, and has a cruel reputation so strong people are unwilling to say his name. He is not some ordinary criminal. He is versed in the Dark Arts and one of the most powerful wizards to ever exist." Arthur finished his speech and Harry took another large drag on the cigarette. His hands had stopped shaking. This was a problem. "Fudge has been proven to be very cunning and power hungry." A new voice said. Dumbledore stood near the door looking around the room. Immediately there was a scraping of chairs as people left the room. Sirius sat in his chair and watched the others file out.