The only thing in this that is remotely life is a game is the how statue of divinity works. Also I may occasionally fib on some minor details and as you see later on this is a young impulsive Harry doing things without thinking them through like just picking powers without reading the others as a more mature person would do. Harry made his way through the entrance hall? Corridor? To the Chamber of Secrets. Ron had ended up on the other side of a cave leaving him to fight alone against whoever kidnapped Ginny. He could only the hope the basilisk was still asleep or rest or whatever it did when it was not trying to murder school children. He reached a massive door that seemed to lead into the chamber. It was easily big enough for the basilisk to sneak through and he could even see marks from when it had undoubtedly come through. He looked at the snake and forced himself to think it was a real one the way it's eyes seemed alive the way the door reflected in it's light. Wait a second door? He turned to the side and saw off to the side nearly unnoticeable unless you knew it was there was a plain unassuming door. Harry thought about everything he knew about the founder of Slytherin house he had valued cunning above all else, so if he was one the most cunning wizards of all time would he have made his secret chamber entrance a large ornate door that was plain to see, or small door off to the side that no one would notice. Without a second glance to the ornate door he headed for the unassuming one. He placed his hand on the door and felt something go through him dismissing it after nothing happened he opened the door and walked in. he was unaware that the door had been hidden by magic for centuries and only recently did it fail, it was made to feed off the large amount of magic a basilisk naturally gave off but with it constantly out of the chamber and draining it's magic it wore off. Harry looked around for a clue to somewhere the chamber would be, but this place was massive. He walked deeper inside when he found something that felt strange a bunch of blood red crystals that looked like skulls. He picked one up and immediately dropped it he felt like that time, Voldemort passed through him when he was possessing Quirrell realizing it was dangerous dark magic he put it in his little side bag Hagrid had convinced him to buy saying 'This way dat oaf Dursley won't be able ter take wa' isn't 'is.' it was expanded on the inside to an a large extent being able to hold as much as an average trunk. Maybe Dumbledore would know what it is. Than he remembered Dumbledore was no longer in school but still rationalized that it was in his best interest to not leave them behind to be used against him later. But before he could put them away they sunk into his skin painfully so not knowing what to do but knowing he was on a deadline to save Ginny he pushed on. He wandered in a bit further and saw a giant statue of a lioness-headed woman holding an hourglass. He felt drawn to it walking close he didn't realize he touched it until he felt a pulling sensation and he was falling. " Now what is this?" a loud voice boomed from all around him. Harry looked around in fear where was he did the Heir set this trap for him. " You think some pathetic mortal has control over me!" the voice roared before it calmed down. " I suppose I can forgive you since you brought me such a treat." Harry gulped he really hope it meant something besides him. " I am talking about that demon fragment in your head." was this thing ready his mind. " Yes I am and can I saw you don't have many interesting thoughts do you. 'Boo who I am famous, powerful and respected." the voice scoffed. " Pathetic I very much like the other versions of you more. But that is not why I brought you here. I brought you here because you have something that interests me." Harry froze this sounded like something out of one of Dudley's video games right before his soul was taken. " I do want a soul but not yours." the voice seemed to smirk. " Contained in that scar of yours is a fragment of the man who murdered your parents the one you call Voldemort, he may not be a true demon but he is close enough." "Get rid of it!" Harry immediately shouted finally speaking aloud before realizing he just a made a demand of something that could very well incinerate him with a glance. " Smarter than you seem." the voice mused before it continued with it's previous offer. " I will give you a powerful ability in exchange for him as well as the demon orbs you have in your bag." demon orbs what are- oh she meant those crystals he picked up AND MERLIN'S BEARD HE HAD DEMONIC OBJECTS IN HIM. " So what do you say?" the being asked, but Harry wasn't paying attention when he remembered about the demonic crystals he also remembered why he was down here. Ginny could be dead by now for all the time he wasted. " No time has passed in the outside world not since the second you touched the statue." that alleviate his worries. "But what ability would I get?" he asked cautiously. "And if those are demon fragments does that make you a demon?" he questioned making the voice scoff once more. I am no demon boy nor am I an angel, I merely am." the voice informed him. " if you are worried about your soul don't be dealing with me won't damn you to hell." the voice then returned to it's previous deal. " As for the powers I can grant you I can only give you abilities can possibly gain on your own even if it is an almost zero chance of happening." "Like what?" He asked and suddenly his eyes burned and when he was able to see again telly screen was in front of him in fact it kind of looked like one of those upgrade things Dudley's games always had popping up. " Primitive mind." the being said condescendingly. " You mind is unable to understand the truth of this gift I offer so it tries to turn it into something you do." Harry looked at the screen there were several categories there but most were blacked out and if they followed game logic that meant he couldn't buy them. He saw one of the ones said blood magic and remembered Dumbledore saying there was safety with his family that couldn't be given anywhere else. So maybe that was blood magic. He pressed and the screen changed to show a dozen or so abilities but only six were lit up. He read the first one, Weapons of life, the ability to turn your own blood into weapons also includes increased strength and stamina. Next to it was an image of him fighting something with two ornate blades of blood. Realizing this was useful Harry pressed and felt something leave his body. He looked back at the list only to see that all but one had been blacked out. He leaned close and read it. Blood adaptability your body and blood will absorb any poisons and other things used on you if you are not killed by them adapting and learning from it giving immunity to said things. Seeing that he had no other choice he pressed it and once more felt something pass through him. " Now begone and do not return unless you once more have something to offer." the being ordered and before Harry could say a word he found himself in front of the statue once more. Realizing there was nothing here for him he headed back into the entrance chamber realizing that yes Slytherin was arrogant enough to make the entrance to his secret chamber a large ornate door that even a bat would be able to see. "Open." he said only for nothing to come out so he tried again. "Open!" he closed his eyes and remembered the feeling of speaking parseltongue. §Open!§ he hissed and slowly the door slide open. He entered the chamber and was standing at the end of a very long, dimly lit chamber. Towering stone pillars entwined with more carved serpents rose to support a ceiling lost in darkness, casting long, black shadows through the odd, greenish gloom that filled the place. His heart beating very fast, Harry stood listening to the chill silence. Could the basilisk be lurking in a shadowy corner, behind a pillar? And where was Ginny? He pulled out his wand and moved forward between the serpentine columns. Every careful footstep echoed loudly off the shadowy walls. He kept his eyes narrowed, ready to clamp them shut at the smallest sign of movement. The hollow eye sockets of the stone snakes seemed to be following him. More than once, with a jolt of the stomach, he thought he saw one stir. Than his eyes caught a pool of red and black on the ground. "Ginny!" Harry muttered, sprinting to her and dropping to his knees. "Ginny - don't be dead - please don't be dead -" He flung his wand aside, grabbed Ginny's shoulders, and turned her over. Her face was white as marble, and as cold, yet her eyes were closed, so she wasn't Petrified. But then she must be... "Ginny, please wake up," Harry muttered desperately, shaking her. Ginny's head lolled hopelessly from side to side. "She won't wake up." came a hauntingly familiar voice, Harry turned around still on his knees and saw standing there was Tom Riddle, his form was blurry like a telly with poor reception. He sighed in relief Tom could help or get help even if he was a ghost. "Tom thank Merlin you're here I need your he-" Than he remember the strange statue from earlier and it's talk of demons he grabbed his wand and pointed it at the apparition. "DEMON!" he said with a shaky voice pointing his wand at Tom or what ever his real name was. He remember stories growing up of demons trapped in objects only to foolishly set free by an unknowing victim. "You think I am a demon?" Tom asked amused. "I suppose I could see how you came to that conclusion." he shook his head. "No I am no mere demon I am the most powerful wizard to ever live I am Lord Voldemort!" he announced. "What but you said your name was Tom Riddle! I even saw your award for special services to the school!" Harry asked confused Voldemort was a full grown man not a Hogwarts age student. He laughed and waved his hand and fire shot out of them before they spelled out the words I am lord Voldemort than they shifted moving around till they spelled out the name Tom Marvolo Riddle. "So you're a muggle-born not even a real descendant of Salazar Slytherin." Harry noted with a small laugh, wouldn't Malfoy's head explode finding out the dark lord and preacher of pureblood supremacy. "How dare you!" Tom snarled his handsome visage ruined by the angry look on his face. "I am no mudblood!" strange Harry noted last time they met he had said that blood status didn't matter only power. So this was a different version, he did say he was a memory. "But you're not pureblood either are you?" Tom snarled once more but did not deny it. "ENOUGH!" The spirit