Hello! I'm posting this on my fifteenth birthday which is TODAY!(: So here's my present to you guys! So… I'm back! With another story that's slightly confusing! But hopefully, you will catch on! So here I go! The Boy on Fire and The Girl with the Bread Chapter 1 I spread the dough out on the counter and grabbed the rolling pin off the shelf. I pressed the rolling pin onto the dough and started making it thinner and thinner. The fresh smell of dough and icing made me smile slightly. But quickly the smile was replaced with a scowl; due to the fact that today… was the day of the reaping. It shouldn't bother me as much as it does; I mean I don't have to take tesserae. Tessera is where you have your name put in the drawing more times for a month's supply of oil and grain. Since my Mother owns a Bakery, we have plenty of bread to eat. We as in my Mother, my little sister Prim, and I. My father died trying to help injured miners out of a mine explosion when I was eleven. Prim was only seven at the time so she does not remember him as good as I do. Which I'm glad that she doesn't, so she does not have to go through nightmares almost every night like I do. "Katniss?" Prim quietly asked as she made her way down the stairs. "Why are you up so early?" "I couldn't sleep, so I decided to go ahead and start on the pastries this morning. Go back to sleep Prim." I say. "It's still early." She nods and heads back up the stairs, as quiet as she came down. I take the cookie cutter and cut the cookies into flower shapes, making each as neat and clean as I can. When I press the last one I look at the 12 cookies I made. These will be perfect. Slipping them into a cooking pan, I put them in the oven and let them bake. These will be Reaping treats, to several people. I make my way to the front door and look out, where I see the Morning Miners heading into the mines. They all have happy faces on, talking to one another. I know all of those smiles are fake, their put on due to the Capitol possibly watching them, day in and day out. I flip the sign to Open and make my way back to the counters, where I sit and wait on the Hunters to come. The Hunters are two boys, Gale and Peeta. They hunt behind the fences of District 12, which is illegal, but the Peacekeepers don't get on to them. They are their best customers! When they come by the bakery if they have a squirrel, either my Mother or I will purchase it for two loaves of bread. Sometimes, if they have berries we might trade a few cookies for them. Cookies…. Oh no! I run to the oven where I pull the cookies out, they are slightly burnt on the edges. I'll give them to Peeta and Gale when they come in, for good luck. I grab a bag of blue, orange, yellow, and green icing out of the cabinet in the side of the counter and set them out. I pick up the blue icing bag and start frosting the small cookie. I make small swirl patterns, to make it look fancy… Or that's what my Mother says. I pick up the orange icing bag after the blue and decorate the rest of the cookie. I continue like that until I finish all the cookies. They look good, not my best, but they are pretty good! I smile at the cookies, and walk over to the sink, where I place the icing bags in the sink. I turn back and walk to the counter, where I sit back down on the stool. The sun is rising over the peeks of the small mountains, making the trees light up with colors. There was a small bustle of activity outside, but it was just the occasional Merchant, walking to other shops. I noticed two boys, one with olive skin, dark brown hair, and a slim tall body. The other boy had pale skin, blonde hair, and had a slim, yet stocky build. Gale and Peeta. They were leaving the Hob, where Greasy Sae worked. I tucked a loose strand of dark brown hair behind my ear and stood up, ready to greet them. Peeta and Gale, I don't know them to well, but I know them and their both nice to me. Peeta is the nicest to me, well… He is friendly to just about everyone. It's Gale that has my personality, quiet, rebellious, and couldn't care about a lot of things. Gale and I also look alike; we both have Olive skin, brown eyes, and dark brown hair. So it appears that I look like I'm from the Seam, and Peeta is from a Merchant Family. My Mother and Prim look like they should be Merchants though; they both have blue eyes, blonde hair, and fair skin. "Good Morning!" Peeta's voice erupts through the bakery, making me jump the slightest. I hold my chest and laugh, "You scared me Peeta." I look down at the ground for a second and notice; I'm still in my pajamas. Peeta is silently laughing and Gale is showing the slightest smile, "Pajamas?" My pajama consists of old plaid fuzzy pants that are a soft blue, an undershirt that is blue and old slippers. My top shows my cleavage, which I'm not fond of, but it keeps me cool in the bakery. I feel my cheeks heating up and I turn, "I'll be right back!" I run up the stairs of the bakery and into my room, where I pull on a shirt. I close my door gently and walk back downstairs to the bakery. Peeta and Gale are still in the same spots, but laughing at the situation. I walk back to the counter and clear my throat, to let them know I was there. "Oh!" Gale said. "Okay, so today, we have…" He looked through his satchel and pulled out two squirrels. "Two! Fantastic!" I smile, "Oh, and today, I made cookies, for you two and your families." I take the squirrels and lay them on the counter, putting a cover under it. Peeta is fantastic at shooting Squirrels, he makes a clean shot straight threw the eye. Every time. I make my way to the back of the shop, where I pick up four loaves of bread; I mean it's only fair to give them two loaves per squirrel, fresh game is hard to come by. I put them in a bag and carried them out to the front, and handed the bag to Gale. "Hold on and I'll get the cookies." I walked over to the counter and unlocked it; I pulled out the cookies and set them on the counter. I split them up, six for each boy. Putting them in separate bags, I walked back to the guys and handed them both a bag. "No, Katniss, We don't need this much." Peeta started. I interrupted him, "No! The bread is fair, and then the cookies are a gift. For the reaping! Take them!" Peeta eyed me suspiciously, "We only gave you two squirrels, and we don't deserve the cookies!" I rolled my eyes, "If you don't want the cookies, give them to your siblings! I know you're hard headed but, just take them for crying out loud!" Gale groaned, "Peeta for once listen! You're not going to win with Katniss! I never do, and you never will! You both will go on forever if you continue to argue!" Peeta sighed in defeat, "Fine! Thank you Katniss! See you at the reaping." He said nicely. "May the odds be ever in your favor!" Gale and I yelled at the same time. They exit, and I can hear Peeta's mumbling about the extra food. They don't like taking a lot, because they think it's rude. I don't know it's something they do. I lock the door back and flip the sign back over so I can go upstairs and get dressed. I walk up the stairs and open the door to my Mother's room. I see her body in the bed, still asleep. Prim is cheek to cheek with her asleep also. I sneak in and walk over to Prim, where I pick her up and carry her downstairs bridal style for breakfast. I enter the rooms in the back, where we have our dining room, den, and a small bathroom. I sit her in a chair and squat down to make eye contact with her. I give her a small shake and her eyes flutter open. Those blue eyes, I love those eyes. "Prim? Time for Breakfast!" I tell her. She yawns and rubs her eyes, looking around. "Did Peeta and Gale come?" She asks. "Yeah! They got two squirrels today!" I smile. She smiles, "I love squirrel!" She sits up and I bring her a piece of bread with jam on it and pieces of old squirrel meat. "Eat up." I say, "We have to go to the Mellark's house to get those remedies for Mother's headaches." She nods and starts eating; I head back upstairs to get on some clothes. I put on a plaid button-up shirt, jeans, and laced boots, and a jacket. I pulled up my hair in its usual braid and brushed my teeth. I head back downstairs, and enter the dining room, where Prim is finishing up her squirrel meat. That girl can eat food, fast! I give her a glass of water and she drinks it, chugging it down quickly. She smiles and I take her hand and lead her upstairs to her room. We open the door, and the world's ugliest cat greets us. Buttercup. Ugly shade of yellow, mashed in nose, half torn ear, and he is fat. I was trying to drown him in a bucket full of water, but Prim came running out, begging me to stop. She cried and pleaded, but finally I gave up and agreed. She insisted on naming him Buttercup, because she insisted that has his fur was the color of a buttercup. He ran out and hissed at me. I hissed back and walked into Prim's room, where I opened her small closet. She picked out a shirt, blue flowing skirt, and a pair of old sandals. I pulled her hair pack into two braids and she washed up. We went back down the stairs, and exited. I grabbed her hand and we walked through town. Getting the occasional "Hello" or "How are you doing?" and the every so often, "May the odds be ever in your favor!" I pulled Prim along as we entered the poorest part in District 12, the Seam, where Gale and Peeta live. I live in the better part of District 12, in the merchant areas. We have a bit more money and more food for sure. But not by much. I picked up my pace, and picked up Prim and carried her. She seemed to enjoy it very much. Since I've worked in a Bakery all my life, I'm pretty strong and can lift over one-hundred pounds easily. I don't have big muscles, but I do have muscles that are noticeable when I flex. They are a slight bigger than Peeta's muscles if that says anything. I soon reached the Mellark's house, and Prim looked around. The house was two-story, white chipped paint, busted windows, and split wood. I didn't judge though, the Bakery is in bad shape too. I approached the door and knocked quietly and stepped back. I could hear heavy footsteps approaching the door. They door opened with a slight creak and Peeta stood there smiling. "Hello