Percy Jackson Fanfiction: Jiper-Percabeth-Leachine-Frazel-Squico-Gruniper pairings: Story Type all right to Elizabeth Chase 15, 2014 romance\adventure\family Fathom That: Fandoms Annabeth The air was thin, for the storm was to begin momentarily. How I knew that was a mystery, I was a daughter of Athena, but weather predictions were usually left to the mortals, unless you were a demigod that was not afraid of burning to death. The Titans were approaching, and there was nothing I could do, for my knife was not in its regular pocket. Percy. He was out in the middle of the battle, fighting Luke himself. I did the one thing I could do, I ran at Luke and swung my arms around his neck in a choke hold. I had won, or so I thought. Luke started morphing into Percy, and soon enough, I had a green eyed Percy in my arms. He was suffocating, and in turn I took away my hold, but his expression did not change. He was going to die if I didn't stop this soon. Finally, he began to talk, but not in a good way. "Why me, Annabeth?" he started," I thought you loved me. I was wrong. You are no better than Luke, always asking for favors. Has it ever occurred to you that I might want my own life instead of spending all of my time with some conceded so called," Wise Girl," or should I even call you that?" Percy's voice was wrong, he sounded like a robot with a monotone setting. He also sounded like Luke, and formed urged me to form thoughts that I had sworn never to fathom about ever since the Titan war had finished. "Percy, you don't mean that…" I tried. " Oh, but I do Annabeth, Don't you think I would have had a better life had you not made me take a trip into Tartarus? Without you, my life would be so much simpler, maybe I wouldn't drool when I slept, what kind of stupid comment is that anyway? " After that, he began attacking Piper. He ripped into her skin and left a deep gash, and I knew what I had to do. I had to kill Percy, or let Piper die. I couldn't chose. I screamed, for while deciding whether or not to kill Percy, he had changed back into Luke, leaving Percy on the ground, looking limp and pale. I couldn't bring myself to say that he looked dead. That's when I had felt Luke's hand on my shoulder, or so I thought. The hand on my shoulder was Gracie's, and she was looking at me with an odd expression. Percy sat at the foot of my bed, and he appeared as if he had seen a ghost. His face was lined with worry, but not for long, because he had flung his arms around me before I could ask him if he was actually dead. Based on the warm and tender aura emanating from his arms around my waist, he probably wasn't dead, and the feat I had just experienced was probably a nightmare, I have had many since my return from the war on Gaea. Percy was slightly suffocating me, but I didn't mind; the look on his face when I had woken up was enough to make me accept that dying of suffocation was an acceptable fate to have when in fact, the cause of suffocation was my over-protective boyfriend. When he pulled away, he looked into my eyes, causing me to get lost in his. They were the perfect shade of sea-green, and matched his personality perfectly. The staring was short-lived, for soon he pulled my back in and cupped his hands around my face. I thought he was going to kiss me, but he didn't, I'm pretty sure the overprotective part of him kicked in, for he started firing off questions to me, most of which I didn't catch, for the Seaweed brain wouldn't shut his mouth for more than ten seconds. Finally the gibberish stopped, and Percy started speaking English again. "Want to talk about it?" he asked. What? No, I was most definitely not talking about this with him after that kind of a dream. Percy seemed to finally get the message, and I took this as my cue to lean in. His lips met mine, and lingered for a long time, but not long enough, for one of my brothers had to yell out, "Hey, sis, you and sea-scum, get a room!" Classic children of Athena had enough sense to hold a grudge with the same people our mother had held a grudge with for so many years. I was not one of those people, hence the reason I was in love with the offspring of my mother's enemy. When I looked up, I noticed it was time to head to breakfast before my archery lesson with our new instructor, Alexa, a daughter of Apollo. I found it stupid that campers in the same cabin had to sit together and were not able to sit with anyone else. I had always hated the rule, but now that Percy was my boyfriend, and Piper and Jason had decided to stay at CHB while camp Jupiter was being rebuilt, I hated it even more. Breakfast was boring, and went quickly, for 12 out of the 14 kids of Athena had started shunning me since I had started dating Percy, the only one's still talking to me were my younger sisters, Emilie and Kathryn, who were too young to understand the concept of "Thy Mother's enemy is thy own enemy." After I was done eating, I made my way to archery, but not before having a run in with the Seaweed brain himself. He stopped me about half way to the class, I was just passing by the Ares cabin. "Annabeth," I heard, "Wise Girl, slow down a bit!" The nickname strikes again. "Annabeth, I wanted to talk to you about this morning. Are you okay, you were pretty deep into the world of nightmares?" Really? Hadn't notices at all. Not like I was the one in the dream or anything. Reading my sarcastic expression, he took this time to explain what he had meant. "I just wanted to say, this has been a frequently appearing problem, not only with you, but with me also. I just wanted to see how you were doing, and apologize for whatever I did to you in that dream that made you look at me like a Titan trying to take your head off. I would never do anything to hurt you, you know that, right?" "Yeah," I started, "it was just a dream I guess, but those stupid thing seem so real, I had to make sure you were alive and not some Percy robot 2.0 or something stupid like that." "Wise Girl, how could I ever leave you? I would never die without telling you that I loved you first."Then he kissed me, not like before, this time he kissed me hard and long, not leaving any love for me go unsaid, and in return, I did the same, not caring how late I was to archery, all that mattered was right here, right now. And that, I was grateful for. So apart from the horrid dreams, interesting wake-up, silent breakfast, cheesy comments, and minor snogging session in the middle of the woods, my morning had been pretty normal as a Demi-God's morning can go. The one thing on my mind throughout the day were my parents. I hadn't seen them for three years, and they probably had a sneaking suspicion that I was dead, and maybe, deep down in the twisted heart of my step-mother, she missed me a little. Bobby must have been scared, for even now he was only twelve, and was dealing with adult-like problems. No one here, or connected to the camp had a normal life. Dome of the kids here as young as nine have seen more pain and suffering than most mortal adults could see in a lifetime. I also thought of Sally, Percy's mother, who had probably not heard of Percy since, well, who knows when. Sally was most likely more of a mess than my parents were, all she had were Paul, and Percy. She and him had been together for a long time, and then all of the sudden , we were gone, even out friends thought we were dead when we landed in that place. I have yet to work up the confidence to say the full word of the place that must not be named. Percy and I had been through the deepest pits of Tartarus and back, and that was not a trip easily recovered from. I was still underweight, due to the fact that the place that is not to be named, does not exactly have a McDonalds set up at every other corner, which is surprising, considering how much the dead love that place, evident through Nico's conversations with the dead. I was still covered in scars that still bled on occasion. They were ugly, repulsive maybe, possibly even scary looking to those who know nothing of my story. Percy hated them, not because they were ugly, but because they reminded him of the hits I had taken while he had enabled me to get hurt. The stupid Seaweed Brain thought that this was all his fault. These scars were all mine, sitting on my skin as a reminder that I had survived, and had survived fighting. Anyone (Percy) who said otherwise was just kidding themselves. I wonder what my parents will think of them. Most likely they will blame Percy, using their typical overprotective father of the girlfriend kind of mindset. They would be repulsed. It was one thing to have a Demigod, who has seen many other's battle scars judge your scars. It was another thing to have a mortal parent, who is unexperienced for the most part, look at your scars from a battle they didn't know was going on. I might not tell them about the scars, but my parents had every right in the world to know why they hadn't seen me in nearly two years. I had to go see them, but a week without Percy was not a subject I wanted to think about. The nightmares would come, and instead of having Percy just across the camp, Percy would be half way across the country. I wouldn't be able to sleep for a week, but asking my step Mom if I could stay for the week would be hard enough. Asking her, and my dad for that matter, if my boyfriend could stay for the week too, was really pushing things. What had to be done, had to be done, and there was no other way around it. To rid my mind of the idea that I would have to leave Percy for at least a week, I decided to go and hack some ligaments off of the training dummies. You wouldn't think that killing fake items would blow off steam, but it does. I was only going to say this once, but, well, Octavian might have had a, here comes the bad part, good idea. Wow that felt weird even to think. It was relaxing, and it let my mind wander to whatever it felt like thinking about, and in this case, that was anything but the talk I was to have later with my Seaweed Brain. I gave different names to the dummies too, including Gaea, Arachne, Kronos, Octavian, spider number one, spider number two, and completely headless Nick. I hit my target every time, and with more power each time my blade crashed into the soft filling of the fake, well, whatever it was at the moment I was hacking my knives with it. After about a good three hours destroying my now limbless dummies, I set off to find