Disclaimer: The characters from the Twilight universe belong to , of course. Authors Note: I'd like to thank my beta, Britanii for her wonderful help with starting this fic. Thanks to Anlynne and effection with help on the plot. As well as azulskies and kwickie for their never ending encouragement! Quote: " If one feels the need of something grand, something infinite, something that makes one feel aware of God, one need not go far to find it. I think that I see something deeper, more infinite, more eternal than the ocean in the expression of the eyes of a little baby when it wakes in the morning and coos or laughs because it sees the sun shining on its cradle ." - Vincent van Gogh Chapter One I sat at the bar next to Emmett, downing the latest shot he had set down in front of me. I growled at the burning sensation the alcohol always left as it went down my throat. Two more were immediately placed in front of us, again, and I frowned, looking from the shot glass to Emmett. "To a welcome home!" He chided, picking up his shot glass and holding it in the air. "That's also what you toasted the last three shots to," I told him, picking up mine and holding it out as well. He grinned, and tapped his glass to mine before putting it on the bar top for a second and then drinking it down. I followed in suit before putting the glass down. I turned around on the stool, facing the dance floor. "You want one more?" Emmett asked, I deftly shook my head and stood up, hopefully maintaining my balance well. I felt a tapping about halfway down my back and furrowed my brow, turning around to see who it was. There stood Tinkerbell's angelically looking evil twin. She had to be—with the black hair rather than blonde. I bit back a grin at my own drunken, pitiful joke. "I think you should ask my friend to dance," she said, her blue eyes set off by the wide smile on her face. "Should I?" I murmured, "And who might your friend be?" "She's over there—having one whale of a time," her voice heavy with sarcasm. She took me by the arm and pulled me a few steps forward, pointing to where another girl sat by herself with an empty glass in front of her. As if on cue the girl looked at me, her eyes wide in shock, or possibly horror; she shook her head. "Doesn't appear she wants to dance with me," I said, turning around to see where Emmett was, but he was no longer behind me at the bar. "She will—just ask her." And with that, the little fairy was gone. I almost had to wonder if she really even made an appearance—though, hallucination wasn't a side-effect of drinking. I walked to where her friend sat, now wearing a very nervous smile. I put my hands down on the table, steadying myself to keep from swaying. I peered down at her as her brown eyes gazed up at me, questioningly. I braced myself, repeating the words over in my head to keep from slipping up—but I couldn't help the slur, if there was one, you could never tell. You always sounded so intelligent to yourself after a bit of drinking. "Would you like to dance?" I finally asked. She blinked before nodding slowly, standing and coming to walk to my side. I took in her appearance—a pair of form fitting jeans and a deep blue, top that hung off her shoulders. She had nice shoulders. I placed my hand on her lower back, feeling the silky material of the shirt, and wondered if that's actually what her skin felt like as well. I was moving too fast. I asked her to dance, not have sex. Ever the gentleman, I guided her towards the dance floor. "You're not obliged, you know," she said softly. "I know," I replied as we squeezed through dancers before finding an empty enough spot on the floor. At first we sort of danced near each other, but there was a change in the song and she shut her eyes, grinning to herself as she turned around, pressing her back to my front and she started moving her body to the music, as if she were in her own world. I placed my hands on her waist and moved in sync with her, wanting to feel whatever she was feeling. My hands trailed up her sides as she slid her way, twisting and turning, down my body. I held in a groan—though there wasn't a need to, with the music so loud—as she slowly, ever so slowly, rose back up and rubbed against me. She turned to face me again, one eyebrow arched and a smirk in place on her lips. Her brown eyes appeared to be slightly hazy, but who was I to judge in my state? I wouldn't be surprised if my pupils were the size of saucers. She threw her arms around my neck, placing her forehead against my chest as we swayed to the music. "What's your name?" I spoke softly into her ear. "Bella," she replied, looking up at me. "Yours?" "Edward," I told her and she nodded before her concentration was given back to the music and our dancing. We danced a few more songs before she started to fan herself and said she was going to get a drink and try to find her friend. I only nodded and left the dance floor moments after, readjusting myself before resuming my seat at the stool. When had dancing turned into vertical, dry humping? I wasn't sure…but I didn't mind it. I glanced down at my watch and the time read somewhere around three in the morning. I groaned, knowing I had to be at my parent's house sometime in the afternoon. Going there with a hangover probably wouldn't be a wise idea. There was a sudden uproar on the dance floor as a new song played, clearly a very popular one but I wasn't too familiar with it. On the bar, a drink was placed down in front of me and I shook my head. "I didn't order this," I told the bartender. "No, but the brunette with the curls ordered it for you." I looked in the direction he had pointed and saw the girl, Bella, waving before being lead away by her friend. I smiled and waved in return before drinking the shot quickly. I set the glass down and returned my gaze to her, watching as she skirted around the dance floor and towards the door. I didn't even have a chance to get her number. It seemed like the opportune moment to leave, and to perhaps randomly bump into her outside. I stood from the bar, pushing my way through the gyrating dancers until I found Emmett dancing with a red headed girl, his hands on her waist as he held her hips to his. "Em," I yelled loud enough for him to hear me over the music. "What's up man?" He asked, tossing me a grin. "I'm gonna head out, call me when you make it home." "Already?" he asked. "It's almost three in the morning," I shrugged, "Just call me." "For sure, bro, see ya later!" He grinned once more before returning his focus to the girl he danced with. She threw her arms around his neck and started kissing him. I grimaced and slid away from them, quickly making my way to the exit. I stepped outside, breathing in the cold, crisp fresh air as the wave of my drinks began to hit me; I felt dizzy. The cigarette I lit couldn't have helped matter either. My eyes swept around the front of the club, searching for Bella and her friend. I saw them, with a tall, blonde male who was holding her friend's hand. Bella was shaking her head and gesturing towards the cab and the smaller one looked worried. After more of some sort of deliberation the friend and the man got into the taxi and shut the door. Bella breathed out heavily, judging from the cloud that formed in front of her face from the cold air. When she spotted me, she caught my eyes and smiled, walking towards me slowly. I shoved my hands into my pocket as she neared, toying around with the gold butane lighter resting against my thigh. "Hello stranger," she murmured, and there was a new twinkle to her eyes. "Hey," I replied, tossing the cigarette to the side while unable to keep myself from smiling. "Time to call it a night for you, too?" She asked. I nodded, feeling the urge to yawn just then but I refrained. "Did your friends leave you?" "Alice and Jasper? No, I told them I'd take a cab home myself," she shrugged. "She's kind of protective over me, like a mother." I chuckled at that; the petite girl seemed to be the one that would need protecting. I waved my hand, signaling for a cab. At least two passed by before I waved again. "They're all kind of jerks," she spoke up. "True," I responded as a cab slowed to a stop in front of us. "You can take this one, I'll wait." She said. "That would be the most un-chivalrous thing I could do," I told her, opening the door and moving out of the way so she could get in. "And here I thought chivalry was dead," she murmured, smiling softly. "We'll share," she said, suddenly, after a brief moment of consideration. She got inside the cab and left the door open. I was slightly opposed to it, but the more present side of me—the side really attracted to her—told me to get in. Who cared if she was a killer? Or if she was planning to skip out on the fare in the end? She looked innocent enough, though. "I cannot wait here," the driver said. Her head popped up outside the door. "Come on and get in!" She urged. I slid into the car, shutting the door as she told the driver her address and we took off. I focused on the passing scenery, the tall buildings, the people walking—even though it was pretty late or early, depending on how you looked at it. This was the city that never slept, after all. I felt her eyes on me and turned to look at her. She was smiling. "Do you go to the club by yourself a lot?" she asked. I shook my head. "I wasn't alone, I was with a friend but he probably won't be leaving until the break of dawn." "Oh," she said, the word dragging on for far too long. "I'm not much of a club goer either, but he wanted to welcome me back home," I said, rambling for some reason unbeknownst to me. "What about you? Any special reason for your outing tonight?" "Jasper, Alice's boyfriend, is back in town for good," she said, offhandedly. "She also won this design contest that she entered in and just wanted to celebrate a little." The driver then took a sharp turn and she fell against me, swearing as we collided. "Sorry," I apologized. "It's not you," she said. "God, I can barely sit myself up straight right now." I glared at the driver when I saw him looking through the rear-view mirror. "Could you drive a little better?" I said. He mumbled something under his breath but focused his eyes back on the road. I resisted the urge to snap at him as she sighed, still leaning on me. A few minutes later we stopped outside of an apartment building, several stories high. "We're here, ma'am. That will be 15.70," he told her. She looked through her purse again, mumbling about the bills to herself.