A/N: One-shot, content not my usual. I do not own HP, JKR does. But I don't even think she'd recognize her characters in this. Summary: Severitus with a twist. A man who resembles Harry has been stalking Ginny all her life. With Lily dead from a car crash, it is up to Petunia to fulfill her sister's wishes. Each and every one of them. Letters from Lily and James are passed between Ginny and Harry as they attempt to unravel the past. But who is lying? And who is sane? Warnings: Nonmagical AU and OOC. General Note: Vernon sort of doesn't exist, and neither does Dudley. There is a nonmagical Hogwarts where James and Lily went to school. Petunia lives in an apartment building. Petunia's Keeper Dear Aunt Petunia, I know you say this isn't healthy, that I should move on, but I can't. I've been going through Mom and Dad's old things—and before you say that this also isn't helping me to move on, I assure you it is. I found a box of old letters to Mom from Dad. I feel as if the rest of the correspondence got separated and that you must have the other half. If you could please send me the letters, that would be nice. Yours truly, Harry Petunia folded up the letter, peering over her reading glasses at the street below. It had been a year since her sister, Lily, and her brother-in-law, James Potter had gotten into that car crash. It had been a truly dreadful experience, all smoke and flames, plastered all over the 6pm news like the weather and the traffic. Of course, Harry had been hit the hardest, being their only son. He had come back from work a changed man and then had opted to live in his dead godfather's home, never to return to his childhood home ever again. But Petunia still lived in Flat 601, at the same table, with the same pleated yellow curtains over the windows. And the same…oh, she didn't let herself think of that. She watched as a woman, her tenant in fact, crossed the street, hair in bun and phone in hand. Ginny was nice enough, Petunia wouldn't have minded her if Harry had just persisted . Petunia pursed her lips. The woman was coming up the stairs, loud and creaky enough for the whole building to hear. She might have been entering her flat now, throwing her large black handbag onto the couch with the afghan and kicking off her shoes. No, Ginny would have stepped out of them, set up neatly on their little rug, or shoe rack. Come to think of it, Petunia hadn't paid a personal visit to flat 501 in a while. Maybe it was time to change that. And Petunia did oh-so-love rubbernecking. .oOo. The photos engulfed him. Rolls of negatives wrapped snugly in their isolated capsules were shoved into boxes with free floating polaroid images. Some had red pencil scrawled on the back from 1950 with some names and places, but mostly no captions could contain the content, and so there was nothing written on the backs. Within the first few months, the boxes had been opened, slowly and reverently. Boxes of knickknacks and little nothings, old baby toys that were mostly dust, and old documents that someone had saved for such a time, he was sure, as this. Harry Potter sifted through the debris—that was what they called it after a catastrophe, wasn't it?—promising himself to later put things in a scrapbook or possibly just hide them back in their boxes, shut the door and throw away the key. The task was larger than life, memories looming over him, and the future just out of reach, a sort of taunting mess. And of course, the doubt. .oOo. Dear Harry, Aunt Petunia, or maybe I should say your Aunt Petunia, paid me a visit today. Of course I thought it was something to do with the rent, but after inviting herself into my flat-which I really appreciated since it was a wreck-she told me some very interesting news. You see, I'm not particularly proud of the way I ended our engagement, and I mean that very literally, but I'm also not very impressed with the way you turned tail and ran. You haven't been up here in over a year. A year. Might I remind you there is only an hour drive separating your home from mine, or what used to be yours, and could have been ours? Needless to say your Aunt isn't happy. So she's made a plan, and it involves me. Have I mentioned yet how much I think of her tact? I've got your mother's letters. All of them. Do I think it's heartless to keep them ransom? Sure, but feel free to come up here and grab them yourself. But we all know you won't do that because you're a coward. I'm sorry. That was too far. You're in mourning. It's been a year. There's no time-limit, etc. But I made a mistake once and let fear control my life. I won't let this opportunity pass. You won't return my calls, letters, emails, messages…I shouldn't need to remind you. You forget they were like my parents too. So if you want these letters, we're doing it my way. Lots of love, Ginny P.S. The first letter is included. .oOo. LETTER ONE LILY TO JAMES Dear James, We've been dating for over a year, and you know how much my mom just wants to wrap you in a bow and keep you forever—and how much my dad would like to kill you. I'm kidding of course, you know he actually liked you this past week. I don't know what's come over him, but I'm pretty positive reality is seeping in. Pretty hard not to with mom picking out the wedding invitations already—and you've yet to pop the question. I'm not telling you to get a move on, but seriously, James, speed it up. I'm worried Petunia will start getting her hopes up again that you'll pick her just as you did for prom. She's practically drooling over you, I mean, who isn't? See you next week, Lily .oOo. Dear Aunt Petunia, I don't even have the words to express how disappointed I am with you. That is all. Harry .oOo. "So what, she just came in here and handed you a box of her dead sister's old letters? That is so creepy, Gin." Ginny made a face, "Have some respect for the dead, won't you? It was Aunt Lily and Uncle James who died." "But not your real Aunt and Uncle, right?" "No." The two women were seated at the Leaky Cauldron, a local hub for their small town, which was thankfully big enough that they never saw the same people every day. Ginny had ordered a turkey BLT with some lemonade sure to rot her teeth, while Hermione had opted for some super frapped-whipped-ultra-fluffed chocolate monstrosity which was doing a number on her sleep-deprived headache. "Honestly, okay, Hermione, you have to give me your honest opinion, what do you think I should do? You know what happened with Harry. You know I really really liked him." Hermione took a long sip of her drink. "I just don't get it. If you liked him, why would you call it off?" "I—" Ginny frowned. "I…don't really, remember?" "I'm sorry. Are you asking me or telling me?" "Neither! It's just—Look, it's sort of a complicated topic for me right now. I just know that I started getting these really weird ideas after I started hanging around him again." "When?" Hermione asked without skipped a beat, "When you were dating or now?" "Dating." "Go on." "Well, you know I've lived in the same flat forever. Only, my parents and brothers just moved out about seven years ago. The Evans have been really great, like family and all, but that's beside the point. I feel that when I was younger I was always being watched, like a good kind, maybe. I felt like I had a guardian angel when I was really younger. I forgot about that feeling for years until Harry and I started getting involved, you know. And then it came back, that feeling, except it was tinged, and eerie, and it got worse the closer we got." Hermione nodded before grasping her head, "Haha, brainfreeze. Sorry, continue, I'm listening." Ginny sighed. "I don't know. So that's the whole story." "No, wait, go back. I really am interested, really. You know I can't control my brain freeze." "Alright. But really that's all there is. I got a weird feeling of being watched when we got closer, I cut off the engagement, his parents died, he's been in a one year depression-isolation, and now this." Hermione let out a short laugh, "Are you sure you want to go through with this?" Ginny shrugged. "Too late now." .oOo. Dear Ginny, I think I made it clear enough that you didn't need to have a reason for cutting off our relationship. You freaked, pre-wedding jitters and all that, and I was just absorbed in…other things. You know my mom was rooting for this marriage all along, but sometimes things don't go the way we planned. I want to be mad at both of you right now, and believe me, I am. I sent a very short and pointed letter to Aunt Petunia, but unless she's changed, and I really doubt she has, she won't care one whit about my feelings. Still, I could be a lot madder and I'm a little surprised I'm not, because what you're doing is cruel. I don't care if my mom let you call her 'Aunt Lily' or not, she's still my mother and those letters belong to me. It frustrates me that you can't see why I can't just waltz back into that place like nothing ever happened. Things happened, Ginny. Big things, life things! I can't fathom how Aunt Petunia can even stand to be in the same damn building we all lived in, living her carefree life like she's some sort of saint. Did I ever ask her to crusade around, throwing away love letters on some fancy that she's creating my happiness? I have half a mind to march up there right now and take them from you. But as you say, I'm a coward. I know, I know, you didn't mean it that way. And yes, even now, I don't think I will ever set foot in that room again, but I hope it won't always be like this. Yours, Harry P.S. I know you're curious, so here's what my dad, your 'Uncle James,' wrote back. .oOo. LETTER TWO JAMES TO LILY Dear my beloved Lily, I love you more than the entire world. You know this. Even when you are gone, I feel your presence here beside me. It could not have been my imagination then that something has shifted within you. I didn't mean to scold you for disrespecting your sister. If I could rephrase it, I would only say that your sister obviously adores you more than the whole world and then some. She is not trying to steal me away, my sweet. But maybe, perhaps, there is something else? I am not an unintelligent man, my love. I will love Harry no matter what, despite what his father thinks. Why else would he follow me, day and night, becoming my shadow? Unless of course, it is me you do not trust. Your husband, James .oOo. Ginny knocked nervously on Aunt Petunia's flat door. There was the sound of a scurry inside, a sort of scuffle of shoes against the wood as if in haste, before the door was opened to the smiling face of Aunt Petunia. "Come in, come in, Ginny. How nice of you to visit." The older woman gestured for Ginny to make herself feel at home inside