Aftershock "Who you are is not where you've been. You're still an innocent." It was all an act. It always had been. Dating back to before he even knew he was a demigod, Percy was always a master at blocking out his feelings. He knew how to drop shovel after shovel of thick soil into the hole his emotions were buried in. He'd done it in first grade when bullies picked on him for struggling to read and he'd done it during the Battle of Manhattan, when he watched his friends die one by one. Friends that he could've saved if he'd really tried. Good people, who were dead because of him. The voices always came at night, "Your fault! Your fault!" Everyone would tell Percy that it wasn't his fault. That there was nothing he could've done. But he wouldn't believe them. Yet still, he'd reply with a smile and a "thank you", knowing that it would be better for them to think he had brushed his failures off when actually, they clung to him like sand on a wet bathing suit. Daytime Percy was all grins and jokes, with no mentions of the wretched pit and wars he had faced. Nighttime Percy was bitter and heavyhearted. Beckendorf, Silena, Lee, Bianca. The names haunted him when the lights went out. Percy swore that he made peace with his ghosts, when really the lives he couldn't save mocked him every night. And Bob, Percy had left him with Small Bob to fend for themselves in Tartarus. He should've found a way to save them. It should've been him holding down that damn button for twelve minutes, not the titan he'd forgotten about for years and then left to mop floors after wiping his memory. And Calypso. He never checked in on her to make sure the gods fulfilled their promise. Percy should've figured out a way to rescue her. The person who healed him after he blew up a volcano and nearly killed himself. He shouldn't have left her like he did. Should've, would've, could've. The memories of Tartarus were the worst. How Annabeth had looked so close to death covered in the death mist, how the fire from the Phlegethon burned his throat, and how the arai's curses pummel him and brought him to his knees. All the monsters he sent back to the pit, he never thought about how they felt. Sure, they were monsters but so were Tyson and Mrs. O'Leary. All the pain he'd caused, all the lives he took, and he was still worshipped by his friends and campmates. It wasn't fair. He deserved to be hated. He deserved to taste the sour poison on his tongue like Phineas and be speared like Geryon. He wanted to choke on poison like Akhlys and pay for the torture. Torture . The most inhumane action that could ever be performed. Percy hated himself. As he stared glassy-eyed at the blank ceiling of his bedroom, he cursed himself in every way possible. The only person he could relate to and find comfort in about his troubles was Annabeth. But she was back at camp, helping Jason build a new cabin for the weekend. Percy didn't feel comfortable talking to his parents. They'd only worry. He didn't want to scare them with his horrifying adventures, either. Percy blinked and turned his head to look at the time. Three o'clock. In the morning. In for to five hours, he would have to slap a smile on and muster up some cheesy jokes in hopes to convince everyone, and maybe even himself, that he really was okay. Annabeth and Percy had serious conversations about the pit. He vividly remembered when she told him about what she heard from the River Acheron. How the voices screamed at her that it was her fault that Luke died and that his blood was on her hands. Percy felt his stomach reel. He was the one who handed Luke the knife. Percy's mind raced and raced. Memories pinched and prodded him, never letting him rest. When his body finally was able to relax, his mind wasn't. Percy didn't remember what the nightmare was about. He only remembered what happened when he woke up. "Percy?" his mom knocked loudly on his bedroom door, "Percy, is something wrong?" Percy was sitting up straight as a rod in his bed. His shirt was soaked with sweat and his throat felt scratchy and parched. "Um, no." Percy lied, "I'm alright." Sally hesitated, her voice was muffled through the door, "Percy, I heard you screaming. Did you have a nightmare?" "I said I was fine, mom." Percy grew impatient. He wanted to be alone when his throat started to close and his eyes burned. He needed to focus on his cheeks staying dry. With concern for her son, Sally opened the door anyway. Percy was sitting with his hands pressed into his lap and his shoulders hunched. "Mom," Percy complained but his voice cracked, "I'm good." Sally crossed her arms and sighed. She quietly shuffled over to Percy's bed and sat across from him. Pushing his disheveled hair out of his eyes, she caressed his face. "Tell me the truth, Perseus." Perseus. She only busted out his full name when she was serious. Percy hated lying to his mom. Doing it every day was becoming exhausting. He tried to rub some sleep out of his eyes and ended up wiping away forming tears. Percy detested crying. He had to be strong, be a man, be a hero. "I'm sorry," he whispered hoarsely, "I'm sorry." "Honey, it's okay to cry," Sally rested her palm on his knee, "You've been through a lot." But he wasn't just sorry for crying. He was sorry for everything. For lying to her, for never telling her the complete truth, for being away from home for almost a year, and for letting the Romans give him that dumb tattoo he knew she hated. He was sorry for the friends he abandoned and didn't find a way to save and he was sorry for all the horrible things he'd ever done. "I'm supposed to be a hero," Percy sniffed. Sally shifted so she could wrap her arms around him. Percy prayed that Paul had the sense to stay in his room. "And you are, Percy," Sally soothingly rubbed his shoulder, "What makes you think that you're not?" Percy didn't want to tell her. He didn't want to bring up the horrors of hell he'd faced in front of anyone. Especially in front of his mom. "I've done bad things," was all he offered, "Bad, bad, things." "Do you want to talk about it?" Sally suggested lightly, oblivious. She stroked his hair softly. Percy shook his head and tried to take deep breaths, but his breathing was shaky. Tears ran down his face at an alarming rate and Percy couldn't recall the last time he'd cried so hard. He tried to wipe them away quickly, but it was no use. Sally shushed him like he was a child, and in a way, he was. "You're okay, now. You're safe here." Several minutes passed and Percy tried to stop crying with no success. Sally reached over to Percy's nightstand and plopped a box of tissues in his lap. "Do you want me to call Annabeth?" she suggested. "No!" Percy said a little to loudly, "Sorry, I just - she doesn't need to hear about this." "She's your girlfriend," Sally put in. "Exactly," Percy countered. A couple of more minutes passed and Percy's sobbing slowed to shaky breaths. "Mom?" he eventually said. His mother made a sound to indicate that she was listening, "There are a lot of things that I haven't told you." Sally straightened up and squeezed his arm. Percy continued, "A lot of things about... about Tartarus. And they're scary things. Which you probably don't want to hear about. And I completely understand if you don't." Percy didn't know what he expected to happen. "Sweetie, I'm here to listen if you need me to. What's bothering you?" Percy glanced around the room like he was going to be jumped at any moment. Then, he started talking. Filling the room with the words that were trapped inside his head for so long. Things he'd barely even let his mind wander about. He told his mom about the pit and about every terrifying moment he'd protected her from. "This isn't fair!" he ended up yelling as he jumped up from the bed, "I'm so sick of being a demigod, having to go on stupid quests all the time, dealing with all these asshole gods, and watching my friends die all the fucking time! I'm so done with all of this shit!" Sally didn't scold him for cursing. She just listened and let him pace around his room in a rage. "I'm supposed to be worried about getting into college and fucking my girlfriend and getting my driver's license like a normal person. I just want to go to college and graduate and get married and start a family. That shouldn't be too much to ask! I want a stupid tiny little house with a minivan and a dog." Sally didn't flinch. Percy ran his hands through his hair and balled his fists. "I tortured that goddess. It doesn't matter if she was the goddess of Misery, it still makes me a terrible person who deserves a worse fate than her. And Calypso, I promised her that I wouldn't leave her stranded and then left her on the gods damn island. And I told Nico that I'd watch over his sister and look at how that turned out. Everything I do bites me in the ass in one way or another. It's all my fault, I - I couldn't save them." In his last sentence, his anger faded and his voice broke. "I hate crying." "I know, baby, I know," Sally hummed, "We all do, but sometimes it's better than bottling everything up. Don't you feel just a little bit better?" Percy lifted his shoulders, "I guess," he mumbled. Sally rose and guided him so he was sitting on his bed. "I'm going to get you a glass of water, okay?" Percy nodded, his eyes stung each time he blinked and his face was hot. What was he doing? A seventeen year old Savior of Olympus, who'd saved the world more times than he could count, was crying like a baby in front of his mother. Sally came back and handed him a clinking glass of water as she sat down beside him. "This is embarrassing," Percy noted, calm from his outburst. The glass was a relieving cool, "I shouldn't have said all that stuff. I probably scared you, too. The only other person I've told about some of this stuff other than Annabeth is Jason." "Don't worry about me, worry about yourself," Sally tucked his hair behind his ear, "You spend so much time dwelling on what you could've done and who you could've saved when it's all in the past. Not everything is your fault, and I know it's hard to believe, but you have to trust me. You're a good kid, Percy. Just watch your language." "Oh, gods," Percy buried his face in his hands, "Sorry about that. I was pretty in the moment." "I'll give you a pass," Sally said, "But I'll probably tease you about that whole 'fucking your girlfriend' thing." "Mom," Percy whined. He couldn't even attempt to hide his blush. "Which I hope you're not," Sally pointed her finger at him. "Mom!" Percy snapped. "Because then we'd have to have a very serious talk. See? I am a good mother." Seconds ticked away in awkward silence. Sally spoke, "You're not, are you?" "No, mom! Gods." Percy exclaimed. "Don't lie to me," Sally warned, "Perseus..." "I swear we aren't! I can promise you that." Percy held up his hands in surrender. "Then, what?" Sally