Break Through a Frazel fic Summary: I realized that Hazel and Frank become real badass and unafraid of things from gods to relationships in The Blood of Olympus; here's my story of how I imagine it turned out that way. Hazel Levesque had always been known as a timid, innocent and quite boring girl among both Greeks and Romans. Hazel followed the rules, paid attention and did her job. When she had started dating Frank, there was an unspoken agreement that they were the most innocent couple on the Argo II. Hazel and Frank didn't deny it, either. They were too embarrassed to hold hands yet alone kiss in front of the crew like Percy and Annabeth had done so many times before. But things change. Oh , how things can change. The war was right around the corner and tension was stretched through the Argo II so tightly Hazel wanted to cut it with a chainsaw. The seven demigods silently worried about the Athena Parthenos, the camps, their friends, the prophecy and the fate of the world as they bit their lips and ran their fingers through their hair. No one had to say anything because they were all on the same page. Hazel was in her bunker, jiggling her leg and worriedly staring at the constellations spread across her ceiling. It was late and the moon shone through her curtains. The scene of her standing up to Hecate played through her mind. She had felt a surge of adrenaline and energy, as if anything were possible. Hazel wished she could feel like that all the time. Being the youngest on the ship wasn't easy. Her friends underestimated her and thought of her as a child. Hazel silently fumed. "Hey," a shy voice sounded from Hazel's doorway. "Mind if I join you?" Frank, Hazel sighed and patted the soft cushion next to her. "Not at all," she replied, "How're you doing?" Frank shrugged, "I'm holding up." Hazel tried not to stare at him too provocatively. After Mars's blessing, Hazel often caught herself staring at Frank's strong arms and toned stomach. It was humiliating. She focused on his face, instead. His deep set brown eyes and defined jaw, she desperately wanted to attach her lips to his neck and - Hazel caught herself. She turned her head so Frank wouldn't see her blush. We're too young for that, she told herself and fanned her face, besides, he doesn't think about our relationship that way. She turned back to Frank, who had a questioning look on his face. "Hm?" Hazel gulped. "I said, how're you doing?" Frank repeated. Hazel hadn't even heard him the first time. "Oh, me ," she stammered, "I'm well. You know, the world's ending and all but I'm fine." "Yeah," Frank trailed off and rubbed the back of his neck. His muscles flexed. Hazel swooned. Silence stretched between them. "I um," Hazel broke the awkward pause. "I'm glad Percy and Annabeth are back. The more soldiers we have the better. I missed them." "Me too." Frank agreed, "They're uh, you know what never mind." Frank was going to say that Percy and Annabeth were a great couple and that they loved each other beyond belief but he stopped himself. That would just make the conversation much more awkward than it needed to be. Frank wanted to wrap his arms around his girlfriend, kiss her and tell her that everything was going to be okay. But Hazel didn't think of their relationship that way. He resisted pulling her onto his lap and trailing his fingers down her spine and under her shirt and kissing her all over - Frank clenched his jaw and cleared his throat. He'd always had a crush on Hazel but his imagination and desires had never led to this. His mind argued over what he truly wanted. He thanked the gods that his dad wasn't in his head at that moment, telling him to go for it, and, knowing his dad, fuck her brains out. Frank wanted to have a relationship like Percy and Annabeth, where Hazel would sit on his lap and run her fingers through his hair and he would smile and try not to jizz in his pants. It was no doubt that Percy and Annabeth were fucking each other, either. Frank had blushed at the thought at first but gradually grew jealous that he and Hazel couldn't share the same bond. You're too young! he scolded himself, Think of the consequences! Frank's hormones thought otherwise. Late at night, he sat in bed, desperately trying not to think about Hazel on top of him, moaning his name and digging her nails into his back. He ached for the feeling of her soft skin against his and her dark curls and slick tongue sweeping over his body, touching areas he didn't dare think about in public. And now she was here beside him. She was sitting so close to him that he prayed to the gods that she couldn't hear his disgusting thoughts out loud. Hazel pressed her lips together and hoped that Frank couldn't tell that she was thinking about his strong hands rubbing her all over and his cock so close to her - "Hey, guys?" Jason peeked his head through the door, causing both Hazel and Frank to jump and turn scarlet. Jason cleared his throat and waved his hand in a dismissing gesture. "You know what? Forget I was ever here." He turned away smiling. A moment passes before Frank coughed, "So. Um, this is awkward." Hazel huffed. You have no idea, she thought. Hazel flashed back to an overheard conversation from Piper and Annabeth: "Oh my gods!" Annabeth exclaimed in a hushed voice, "You two really did it?" "I know!" Piper whispered back, "He was so damn good at it, too. He really surprised me." "Tell me all about it, was it everything you dreamed it would be?" Annabeth mocked. "Shut up, you bitch," Piper giggled, "And yes. Yes it was. I still get goose bumps thinking about it. The way he said my name and the look on his face when he came." "That good?" "Fuck, yes! Oh, and the way he cursed. He has the mouth of a sailor in bed. Excuse me, I think I need to change my pants." "You're such a slut. How were you, though?" "Hopefully good enough. You think he enjoyed it?" "By the way you're describing it, I think he enjoyed it a little too much." Piper blushed and ducked her head, "I'm really glad we did it. We've been waiting for so long, now, and I feel so much closer to him." "I felt the same way when Percy and I did it. C'mon, let's talk in further detail in my room." The girls ran off in a fit of giggles. Hazel licked her lips. She wanted to be closer with Frank. She wanted to feel connected him. She wanted him. But she was nervous. She had no idea what she was doing. Yeah, she knew how sex worked but she didn't know the first thing about pleasure. Frank shuffled his feet and remembered a conversation he'd overheard of Percy and Jason. Jason was whispering to Percy about having sex with Piper. He'd said that she was amazing and had exclaimed how much he loved her. Percy continued the conversation with vivid detail of his first, second and third time with Annabeth. Hazel broke the silence, "Frank?" she croaked and cleared her throat. Remember the bravery you felt while facing Hecate. Remember the power. "Do you ever think about sex?" Frank blushed almost as deeply as Hazel. He nodded and muttered, "Yeah. Yeah, sometimes." "Um, I do, too. You know, Percy and Annabeth have done it. So have Piper and Jason." "Yeah, I know. I kind of overheard a conversation..." "Me too! I mean, yeah, me too." "So, um, do you like ever think about us that way?" "Yes. I do. Do you?" "Mmmhmmm." "So, should we, I don't know, try it out and see where it takes us?" "Like actual sex?" "Only if you want to!" "Yeah. I mean, I guess we could try it. Would you want to?" Frank felt uneasy bringing up Hazel's age. Then again, he figured that she was strong and independent enough to make her own choices. "I really would like that." "It's just that, I don't have a . . . you know . . . a condom." Frank blushed. "Me either." "I could go ask Percy." Frank wondered what Percy would say. "If you feel like it, go ahead." Frank unsteadily got up. "I'll be right back." he announced and Hazel wrung her wrists. Down the hall, he knocked on Percy's door. Angry whispering came from the other side and several seconds later, Percy appeared, his hair a mess and shirt collar stretched out. "Oh," he nodded, "What's up, Frank?" "Sorry! I'll go if you're - uh - busy." "No worries. We were just hanging out. Come in, come in." Frank uneasily stepped inside. Annabeth was on Percy's bed, thankfully fully clothed, and reading a large book about architecture. "Hi, Frank." she greeted him but her eyebrows were knit together. "Um, hello. Listen Percy," his voice dropped down to a whisper, "I need a favor." "Anything for you, Zhang." "It's uh, really personal." his eyes darted to Annabeth. "Annabeth, Frank and I are going to go take a little walk." Annabeth muttered something incomprehensible. The boys left. "So, Zhang, what's up?" "This is really personal and kind of embarrassing. Hazel and I are kind of going to do it." Percy's jaw dropped, "Really? Wow, I really never took you two for the type to do that stuff." "Yeah, well, we are. And I sort of need a condom." "No worries," Percy winked, "Boy's bathroom, third drawer on the right. Good luck." "Thanks." Frank said and Percy frowned. "Listen, man. I can tell that you're nervous. Don't be. If you and Hazel truly love each other, it'll all be perfectly fine. And dude, you guys definitely have a thing. It doesn't have to be tonight, either. It took me and Annabeth years to finally do it. And we're older than you guys. Just relax and stop by any time if you have questions about anything." "Thank you, Percy." Frank nodded. "You go, Zhang." "And uh, if you could, let's keep this a secret between you and me." Percy winked and shut the door to his room. Frank and Hazel were sitting on Hazel's bed again. Both of their stomachs were filled with butterflies and churned. "Are you ready to do this?" Hazel asked, her voice strong and confident. "I love you, Hazel." "I love you, too, Frank." They leaned in together for a kiss and melted into each other. Frank wrapped his arms around her waist and Hazel tangled her fingers in his hair. Frank snaked his hands up her shirt and cupped her breasts in his hands. Hazel moaned into his mouth as he rubbed and squeezed. Frank felt his pants tighten around the crotch area and tried his best not to be embarrassed at how quickly he was turned on. Hazel was now sitting on Frank's lap. Hazel scooted away from Frank to pop open the button on his pants. She slowly undid the zipper and gingerly touched the lightly clothed flesh that was underneath. Frank gritted his teeth and made a strangled sound. Hazel ran her fingers along the hem of Frank's shirt before pulling it over his head. She tossed it to the floor as Frank took off her shirt. Frank leaned back so Hazel was on top of him before rolling over so she was on the bottom. He breathed down her stomach and licked above the rim of her jeans. Hazel looked down to see Frank, powerful yet adorable, unzipping her pants in the light of the glowing stars on her ceiling. He pulled her