"It's your turn to do the dishes." Prim stated, standing in the doorway of my room. I looked away from my book to glance in her direction. "I did them last night." "Aunt Effie said that she wants you to do them again." Prim replied. I groaned. "It's your turn. Tell Aunt Effie that!" "I told her that you'd say that and she said that a young lady shouldn't besmirch her chores." Prim explained, resting her head against the door frame. I muttered and got up from my nice, soft bed. "You should go hit the hay already. You've got a test tomorrow." Prim nodded and left to go to her room. I climbed down the stairs and went straight to the kitchen. My aunt was already there, putting away the leftovers. She turned to me and gave me a big smile. "Darling! I just knew that you would come and help me!" Aunt Effie cried. She was still wearing her "outfit" from work. My aunt works as an actress and believed in getting into her role by acting like her character would. Right now, she wore a curly, purple wig on top of her normally straight blonde hair. Instead of wearing normal jeans and a t-shirt, she wore a neon pink pencil skirt along with a purple v-cut blouse that showed over her ample cleavage. I really didn't want to know who her character was this time. I ignored her entirely and went to the sink. I filled the sink with hot water and lavender smelling soap. Aunt Effie resumed putting food away. Silence filled the kitchen except for the sound of scrubbing and the occasional refrigerator door opening. I was almost done when the doorbell rang. Aunt Effie looked up and quickly went to the door while I stared at her feet in shock. How could she go that fast in heels ? "Sweetheart! Come help me!" Aunt Effie called. I slumped against the sink. All I wanted to do was go to sleep! "Sure!" I yelled in reply. "What have I told you about manners?" Aunt Effie exclaimed. I walked over to her. "I'm sorry ma'am." Aunt Effie smiled and patted my head softly. "That's my girl! Now meet our new neighbors!" I glanced outside and saw three blonde haired people. Obviously it was a married couple and their son. I tipped my head in acknowledgement. Aunt Effie frowned. "Now is that anyway to greet them?" I scowled, but turned to the strangers. "I'm pleased to make your acquaintance. My name is Katniss Everdeen; I'm delighted that we've received such good neighbors like you. Please forgive my earlier attitude, I happen to be exhausted and forgot my manners for an instant." Aunt Effie smiled prettily. "Now that's my favorite niece!" She continued to pinch my cheek. "Meet the Mellarks, honey! This is Rye and his wife Dosa along with their son Peeta." I stifled a laugh as I heard their names. The boy, Peeta, blushed. "Their son is the same age as you!" Aunt Effie announced happily, nudging me in the shoulder. I glanced at Peeta. He was kinda cute with his short blonde hair. I couldn't really see him since it was so dark outside, but I didn't really care. "Why don't you all come in for some tea?" Aunt Effie asked sweetly. "We have a long day at the Bakery tomorrow…" Dosa started, but was quickly interrupted by her husband. "Of course, we'd love a cup of tea!" Rye exclaimed, ignoring his wife's glare. I got out of the doorway and started to go upstairs, my bed calling me. "Now, now sweetheart! Fix our guests some of that tea that you like so much! Bring along those chocolate biscuits that Prim made earlier!" Aunt Effie called from the living room. I stomped my feet on the stairs, but did as I was told. I turned on the kettle and proceeded to grab the tray for the tea. "Can I help?" someone asked. I swirled around, almost dropping the tray. I blushed when I realized that it was Peeta. He was a lot cuter in the light. He wore a plain white t-shirt and jeans, but the t-shirt strained against his chest and arms, showing that he worked out… a lot . His hair was tousled around and his bright blue eyes were…. sparkling it seemed. He looked familiar. "Uh, sure I guess. Could you grab those biscuits off the pan?" I ask nervously. Peeta smiles at me and nods. He went over and grabbed a few. I return to looking for those damn tea cups . I found them in one of the cupboards and tried to stretch to grab them. Out of nowhere, I felt a foreign body press against mine. Hands that weren't mine grabbed the cups. I couldn't help but stare at those beautiful, lean fingers. "Here you go!" Peeta remarks, smiling. I took the cups, blushing slightly. I grab the kettle and the tea bags. I pour a healthy dose of water in each cup. I was about to lift the tray up when Peeta intervened. "Let me get it." He whispered softly, staring right in my eyes. I gulp and just nod. I felt hot all over; I suddenly wished I wasn't wearing a sweater. "Could you show me where to go?" Peeta asks politely. "Just follow me." I reply shortly, wanting more and more to go to bed. I walked down the hall and turned to the right. We entered together, Peeta rushes forward to place the tray on the coffee table. Aunt Effie was sitting in the lone armchair and Mr. and Mrs. Mellark share the love seat. "It was nice to meet you all. I wish I could better acquaint myself with all of you, but I fear that I must depart to my bedroom." I recite from memory. Aunt Effie frowns. "Wouldn't you like to play the piano for our guests?" I smile and reply in a voice dripping with sweetness. "I wouldn't want to wake Prim up. She needs to rest; she has a test tomorrow." Aunt Effie waves me off and I take off running. I quickly enter my room and close the door. I was late, real late. I'd promise Gale that I'd be there by nightfall and that was an hour ago. He would never let me live this down! He'd go on about being late for days, maybe even a month if he could! I reached underneath my bed for my bow and arrows. I slipped on my favorite boots that my father bought me for my birthday when I was ten. I pulled my hair back into a braid. I opened my window and reached for the vines on the side of the house. I grasped them and quickly climbed down. As soon as I hit the ground, I started running to the woods. It wasn't long before I was at the meadow, where Gale and I usually meet. I looked around, but didn't see him and sighed in relief. Maybe he was the one who was late for a change! "You're late missy!" boomed a familiar voice. I groan and looked for the source of the voice. "Up here!" Gale called. I directed my eyes towards an old willow tree and saw him there, eating an apple. "Have you caught anything yet?" I ask Gale scowls. "Does it look like it?" I smile. "Want my help?" Gale jumps down and walks over to me. "You can try! The forest is dead tonight!" "It wouldn't be if you didn't yell!" I replied. Gale was silent as he looked around. I followed suit, looking for new prey. I search the sky for an easy target as I prepare my bow and arrow. Something flew past the tree and I quickly found a small brown bird perched on a branch. I shot my arrow automatically and hit it square in the chest. The bird falls to the ground with a soft thud. "I think you're getting too soft to hunt." I ponder out loud as I go to retrieve my trophy. "Nothing of the sort. I just don't waste my time on small ones like you do." Gale defends. I shrug and pick up the bird. "Want it? Aunt Effie will throw a cow if she sees it in the house." Gale sniffs in disgust. "What use would I for it?" I laugh. "You've got a stray dog that you take care of, that happens to enjoy fresh meat." Gale yanks the bird from my hands. "I won't mention you being late if you don't mention besting me tonight." "Sure." I answered. Gale looked at the moon. "I gotta head back now. Got a hot date with Madge tomorrow." "Cool. Send my regards!" I demand. Gale ignored me and walked off. I turned back on my heels and went home the long way. Normally Gale and I would spend a couple of hours, hunting with each other. I was glad that I would get to go to bed early tonight. I wanted to remember where I had seen Peeta before. Soon I was in my backyard. "You probably shouldn't be out so late!" Peeta called. I looked around and spotted him leaning against the vines on the house. "What are you doing out here?" I asked, hoping he wouldn't tell my aunt. "Your aunt wanted me to go hang out with you while she talked to my parents. You weren't there in your room, but your window was open so I climbed out. Figured that you'd eventually come home." Peeta answered with a smirk. A sexy smirk that sent shivers down my spine. "That's great then! Let's just go back up to my room and pretend that we've been hanging out this whole time." I suggested innocently. "Why pretend? We could hang out here for bit." Peeta recommended, glancing around me. "Why hang out? It's pointless. I'd rather go to bed and send you home." I reply darkly. I walk past Peeta to get to the vines. I begin to climb up, but he yanks me down. Before I could process a thought, I was shoved against the wall. "What the hell is wrong with y-?" I begin angrily, but was cut off by a set of soft, luscious lips. I try to move my hand to force him off me, but my attempts are too weak against him and before I can stop myself, I begin to kiss him back. He kisses me softly, sliding his tongue across my bottom lip, asking for entrance and I couldn't think of a reason to reject him. All I can think about is how to get him to keep kissing me. I open my mouth and his tongue enters, caressing every inch inside. My knees quivered as need filled my body. My hands, now freed, go straight to his hair and tangled themselves within his golden locks. I press myself closer to his body, yearning for more. Peeta pulls away, panting. I take in deep breaths, enjoying the feel of his warm breath against my cheek. "You finally remember me?" He chokes out. I shake my head, not trusting my mouth to form any words. "I better fix that then." He replies and pulls me in for another kiss. What was about this boy ? I shouldn't be doing this! Oh, but it felt so right! This time, the kiss was more heated; Peeta was savagely attacking my mouth with his skillful tongue while his hands roamed my body. I cried out when he caressed my breasts through my cotton sweater. "Shh!" Peeta whispered, putting his finger on my lips. I blushed as he lifted his shirt off. "Aren't you cold?" Peeta laughs as he reaches for me. "I won't be for long." I gulp. Peeta's hands pull my sweater off, leaving me in my bra. "What are you doing?" I hiss, crossing my