A/N: Thank you for reading! Disclaimer: Anything you recognise belongs to J.K Rowling. 4th July. It was the Summer before 6th year and my best friend Rose Weasley had asked me and my other best fiend Alice Longbottom to come to The Shell Cottage for the summer holiday. Apparently all the Weasley/Potter children go there for their summer after they start Hogwarts and I've been going since 2nd year and my sister Freya is best friends with Roxanne so she's being going since her first year. I've been looking forward to going days now, the cousins go on the 1st to get everything ready and friends come along on the 4th so everything is ready. Freya knocks on my door with a smile and her bag on her shoulder. "You ready May?" Freya asks walking over to my bed which is mostly covered in clothes, I smile and roll my eyes, I always find it hard on deciding what to take. So far it's full of swimsuits and shorts. "I would take a couple of cardigans just to be safe and take some thin tops and lots of towels." Freya says with a smile, I nod and start packing the clothes and then look into the mirror and bite my lip as I'm unsure of what I'm wearing. As of now I'm wearing a light blue vest top with light blue denim mini shorts and blue flip flops and my long dark brown hair is in a high ponytail and I'm wearing very glossy lip gloss as make up. "Do I look alright?" I ask unsure of my look, Freya smiles and rolls her eyes. "May we are almost wearing the same thing, you look great." Freya says with a smile, I smile and pick up my bag. Everyone says that me and Freya almost look like twins even though we're a year apart, we both have very long dark brown hair and dark brown eyes, traits we get from our mother. Mum passed away a few months before my 11th birthday and Freya's raised me mostly by herself, our father left Mum when I was 2 years old, all me and Freya really know about him is that he has olive skin as me and Freya get that from him. Mum didn't really like talking about him but she gave us a black and white photo of them while they were at Hogwarts, they were childhood sweethearts and they were going to get married when Mum became pregnant with Freya so they put it off that eventually I came along and my father decided he didn't really want a family and left. When summer comes along we go to the Shell Cottage but we do have a house that Mum left to us. Our neighbour looks after while we are away and then she sort of makes sure we are okay when we are there. I feel the excitement radiate form me as we draw closer to the Shell Cottage, this is the most happiest part of my year. I see Rose watch our car come closer and when we almost there, she runs up to the car before it stops and opens the door and basically pulls me out of the car for a hug, I smile and hug her back. "Rose Weasley you need to stop doing that. One day I might just run you over." Freya says with a large smile, Rose shakes her head and pulls out her tongue cheekily. "You can't run me over, Roxie would never forgive you." Rose says with a smile, I roll my eyes and look at what Rose is wearing, an emerald green bikini top, light blue denim shorts and green flip flops, her long red hair in a messy bun. I was always jealous of Rose but not it hateful way, I just think she's so beautiful, her skin is light and she has some freckles over her nose and she basically has a perfect body but I'm so glad to have her as my best friend. "Alice is already here and of course she's hanging around with the boys." Rose says with a roll of her eyes, I sling my arm around hers as we walk towards the cottage. "Of course she is." I say with a smile. Twenty minutes later and I'm now wearing a blue bikini top and my shorts. Me and Rose walk out of my guest room and downstairs and into the sitting room, where the boys are preparing to go surfing and of course my other best friend, Alice Longbottom, is watching them with a large smile. Alice and Rose are friends but I'm the only link that keeps them friends. I'm pretty lucky to have Alice as a friend as she's quite popular which isn't surprising because she's beautiful. She has light skin, large round blue eyes and medium length blonde hair, she's got a great body too. She's very flirty but she's kind and caring. Of course people say I'm pretty with my olive skin and long dark brown hair, I've been told that I'm curvy in the right places by a very rude boy but I suppose it's supposed to be a compliment. Me, Rose and Alice are probably the smartest girls from Gryffindor in our year so that's always a good thing. We walk over to Alice who gets up and hugs me excitedly, I smile at her as she releases me from the hug, her eyes quickly turn back to the boys and I roll my eyes and smile. I walk over to the boys and they all give me welcoming nod. The boys that have come this year are The Potter boys, Scorpius Malfoy who is Albus's best friend, Hugo Weasley, Fred Weasley, Louis Weasley and Lorcan and Lysander Scamander. Most of the Weasley's are here and then a couple of friends. I watch as Lysander eyes me with a smile, I bite my lip. It's no secret that Lysander harbours some feeling towards me and I can't say that their not reciprocated but I've always been nervous about dating properly or while in school, I don't want to end up like my Mum. I do date but not seriously, mostly 2-4 months of dating and then I let them go. Freya obviously doesn't share my feelings about dating as she's had a few long term boyfriends but at the moment she's single. "So what are you boys doing today?" I ask. "We're going surfing, you can join us if you want." James says with a smile, Alice giggles as he looks at her, I look at Rose and she shrugs her shoulder. "How about it Rose? Prove to the boys that we actually know what we're doing." I ask Rose with a smirk, she smile and nods her head. "Alright then." Rose says with a small smirk, James looks surprised by our answer but nods and hands us two boards. Two hours later and me and Rose have proved we know how to surf, James and the boys were very impressed by our knowledge and ease on the water. Now me, Rose and Alice are lounging on our towels in sun while watching Hugo and Louis start setting up a fire for later. I grab a magazine that Alice brought out and start reading when I hear Alice gasp, I look up and see what she looking at and I almost gasp at sight. James, Albus, Scorpius and Lysander are topless, which is great because they all have amazing bodies, it's like they were running over to us in slow motion and it was thrilling. James and Albus jump onto Alice's towel, Scorpius lands on Rose towel gracefully and Lysander places his arms around me as he sits down on my towel, he gets me wet but I don't care, we just stare at each other with small smiles on our faces. "You and Rose were really impressive on the waves." James says coolly, I take my gaze off Lysander and look at James who smiles. "What can I saw, we're just amazing." I say with a cheeky smile, James smiles and rolls his eyes jokingly. "Where did you learn how to surf?" James asks. "I read a book about it a couple of years ago." I say, James looks surprised by my answer. "How did you remember what to do?" James asks obviously confused. "I have a photographic memory." I say with a smile. "And I've known how surf for years but you didn't know about that." Rose says with a smile, Scorpius looks impressed. Six hours later and We're all camped around a fire covered in towels and blankets, cuddling together to stay extra cosy. We tell stories and make jokes and after the BBQ Fred hands out some firewhisky to share so we decide to play Truth Or Dare, Fred goes first. "Truth Or Dare?" James asks a large smile on his face. "Dare." Fred answers quickly, James smirks. "I dare you to kiss all the non related girls." James says with a large grin, I blush as Fred moves towards me first, he kisses me softly on the lips, smiles and then turns to Alice and kisses her quickly, he moves towards Freya who roll her eyes before he plants a kiss on her lips and them moves over to Dominique's friend Gemini Roberts a Ravenclaw in the same year as us, she matches Dominique's beauty and brains with long blonde hair and beautiful ocean blue eyes, she blushes and makes a small giggle. With his dare done Fred sits back down and spins a bottle to choose the next person to be tested, it lands on Freya. "Truth or dare?" Fred asks, Freya rolls her eyes. "Dare." Freya answers with a smirk. "I dare you to kiss all the boys." Fred says with a grin. "Couldn't come up with anything original?" Freya asks as she crawls over to Hugo, Rose cringes as Freya quickly pecks him on the lips, she then goes to Louis, then Lorcan and Lysander, then Albus, then Scorpius, then James and then finally Fred, who looks disappointed that he is last. Freya spins the bottle and it lands on Alice, who laughs excitedly. "Truth or dare?" Freya asks, Alice bites her lip and smiles. "Dare." Alice answers with a smile. "I dare you to swim naked for a minute in the sea." Freya says with a devious smile, Alice bites her lip again, she does this when she's thinking, she them walks over to the sea, removes her bikini top, her shorts, the bikini bottoms and her flip flops and jumps into the water, we all laugh as she screams at the cold water. After her minute is over she gets dressed quickly and as she reaches the fire Freya throws her a towel and then she sits down and grabs the bottle and spins it, it lands on Lysander. "Truth or dare?" Alice asks. "Dare." Lysander says slowly, Alice glances at me quickly and smiles. "I dare you to kiss the girl you like the most." Alice says with a cheeky smile, I look at her and she winks at me as Lysander moves over to where I sit, I blush as he places his lips on mine, he kisses me softly and I kiss back, he's surprised but keeps kissing me. "Woah slow down, that's my sister." Freya says coolly, me and Lysander pull apart and I blush again. An hour later and we're all pretty buzzed from the firewhisky but someone has decide to play 7 minutes in heaven, using the small shed as a closet. "How this works is anyone spins but this time if it lands on you have to go with the person that is opposite you instead of the normal way and then when you come back you move over one." Lorcan explains, we all nod and Lorcan spins