Asmall bird twittered from its nest in the twilight. Finished its work for the day, it had settled into its warm nest, high in the tops of the trees to rest until the warm rays of sunlight reached it the next morning. Content, it closed its eyes and ruffled its feathers. It was good to live a simple life. As other animals made ready to wait out the cold hours of the night, the tranquillity of the forest was disturbed only by a single figure, sprinting lightly through the trees. Stopping and bending to the ground, she pulled a note out of a pouch concealed within her tunic. Panting, she rested for a moment, before wincing slightly and massaging her temples. Determinedly, she flew up from the ground, labouring to run as fast as her legs would carry her, paper still in hand. This was the ninth night that she had travelled in this fashion, running all hours of the day without proper rest to reach her destination before time ran out. Abruptly, she cried out as fell forwards onto the hard ground, and lay still. \\//\\//\\//\\// I could feel the thick, dark pressure surrounding me, causing me to remain unconscious and pushed at it, fighting it. At last, I was victorious and I pushed away the darkness. I lay on a bed, the white sheets carefully tucked in on either side of me. Light poured in from all sides, through archways without doors and the woven roof. I struggled to sit up against the backboard of the bed, rubbing my eyes weakly as a child does after a long night of sleep. A woman walked around the corner and into my room, carrying a bowl of strange smelling paste. She set it down on the table next to me and started to move out of the room once more. 'Excuse me,' I called, and as she turned looking expectantly at me, waiting for me to continue, I noticed her ears. She was an elf. 'I uh…' I looked around me, confused. 'Where am I?' She smiled. 'I was commanded to inform My Lord once you had awoken. He told me he would answer your questions.' She said in a voice of honey. I nodded and she left the room. Scarcely two minutes later, another elf, a male this time, entered the room, a small entourage of people following. The tall elf walked to the side of my bed and knelt, picking up the bowl of paste at the same time. He reached forward, and I flinched away from him. After showing me the paste on his fingers, he tried again, and I let him wave his hand under my nose, breathing in the scent and feeling my head clear. The three others with him had seated themselves around my bed, and he pulled up a chair. 'You must have questions,' he said, his voice filled with authority. 'Yes.' I agreed, trying to focus on one of the many thoughts blowing about in my head like leaves in a hurricane. The most obvious one came to mind first. 'Who am I?' He merely smiled and handed me a piece of paper, no larger than a small book. I smoothed it out, stretching the wrinkled paper in front of me so I could read it. To Evaine, For that is your name. If you are reading this, then you have no memory. Of yourself, of your past, of anything. Do not be afraid, for you are with friends, although they do not know you. You are no doubt confused, so I will tell you that you chose this for yourself, locking away your memory so that you may aid others in the troubles ahead. Lady Galadriel believes that over time, your memories may be restored. This letter was written to you in the late hours of the night, when I left the woods of Lothlorien for Rivendell, where you are now. Lady Galadriel of the woods of Lorien, bade me to write these words to you. You must attend a council in the House of Elrond, Lord of Rivendell, for that is why you were sent. There, many great things will be decided, my lady has forseen it, and it is vital that you understand. Afterwards, travel home to Lorien where my lady Galadriel will explain everything to you. May it be that the light of the Morning Star guides you, Evaine I read the note twice, and then looked up at the kind face of the elf at my bedside. 'Lord Elrond?' I asked, and he nodded, and I sighed. 'I don't understand.' He smiled. 'Neither do we child, but you are your kin, as is the Lady of Lorien, and for that alone, we welcome you to Rivendell, and invite you to the council that will take place tomorrow.' I smiled. 'Then you read the note?' I asked, but another voice answered in a thoughtful tone. 'We all did.' I looked to the young man, sitting near the end of my bed, his calculating eyes fixed upon me. I felt them searching me, but unable to breach the barriers that existed between me and my past. 'Aragorn, son of Arathorn.' Elrond said, introducing the man. 'Gandalf the Grey' he said as he gestured towards the other man, old and wrinkled by time, but with a gleam in his eyes that suggested younger years. 'And Arwen Undomiel, my daughter, and the one who found you.' My gaze drifted to the last occupant of the room, an elf maiden with stunning beauty, and an air of royalty. 'Then I have you to thank for bringing me among friends.' I said and she smiled. 'You almost made it yourself.' she said, and I smiled back at her. My stomach growled rather loudly, and I blushed. Lord Elrond gestured to a plate of food on the bedside table. 'We will not stay any longer, for you must be hungry, and then you must rest. Someone will fetch you in the morning for the council.' And with that, my visitors filed out of my room, leaving me slightly disorientated and ravenous. As soon as they had left, I dived at the platter of food, devouring the bread and fruit without a second thought. I decided that I was going to trust these people. They had shown nothing but kindness, and that was exactly what I needed now. Curiously, I probed the barrier in my mind as I chewed on a brightly coloured fruit, but to no avail. Soon, my filled stomach and overwhelming experience took over me, and I lay down again to surrender to the light embrace of sleep. \\//\\//\\//\\// I awoke to the sound of a woman calling me. 'My lady.' A pause 'My lady.' I stirred and opened my eyes. The same elf maiden who had brought the salve the day before stood over me smiling. 'Lord Elrond summons you to the council chambers my lady.' I nodded and she helped me out of bed. My legs ached terribly and wobbled as I attempted to stand. A hand caught my arm and put it to rest on another arm. I looked up into the eyes of Gandalf the Grey. 'Do you need assistance?' he asked me. I smiled. 'Should I not ask the same of you?' I replied, and he returned my smile. 'A sense of humour is not wasted in these dark times.' He commented, leading me out of my room and down the complicated but elegant hallways. We walked on in silence. We rounded a corner, and suddenly, we were out in the open, on a balcony with chairs surrounding a stone table in the middle of the floor. All manner of people already sat in these chairs, different races tending to separate themselves from each other. I knew the names of these people. There were elves, dwarves, men, and halflings, folk from the Shire, a remote north-western part of Middle Earth. Like flashes of lightning in a thunderstorm, these names came to me, and I felt my heart beat faster as I waited for more memories to come. As I sat down in my seat, next to Gandalf and an elf, Lord Elrond strode through the delicately carved archway at the entrance to the balcony and sat in a decorated chair. What talk that there had been between the people there died at once. I quickly grew bored, and although I remembered a few more names as they were mentioned, the proceedings did not concern me. As Lord Elrond started to speak again however, I was immediately enraptured by his voice, drinking in each word as it was spoken. I could see that he commanded the utmost attention of the entire council. 'Now, we have debated many things in this council, more than is usual as a fact. But we now reach the point of this council that Gandalf,' at this, he gestured to the wizened old man sitting beside me, 'has been most anxious to discuss.' It was then that they spoke of the ring. Lord Elrond spoke of the making of the Great Ring of Power, how it was forged in secret, to control all others. How it was used by the Dark Lord Sauron with a purpose of enslaving the entire world. He told of the resistance, armies of men and elves who had fought at the end of the second age of Middle Earth for their freedom. He told of Isildur, son of the king, who by mere chance, destroyed the enemy, and took the ring for himself. It was there that his story ended, for the records of the elves lost the ring at this stage in history, but Gandalf took up the tale. He told us of Gollum, a creature twisted by the ring, and his slow decay through time as he treasured the very thing that was corrupting him. He told of a hobbit, Bilbo Baggins who found the ring and escaping Gollum, to go home and live in his house in the Shire once more. Of how it had come to this very council chamber. I could see everyone's eyes travel to the Ringbearer, Frodo Baggins of the Shire, and he shifted nervously. Throughout the telling of the story of the ring, I had felt an increasing feeling of dread, reason for which I was unsure. Eventually, Lord Elrond stood. 'You have but one choice. The ring can no longer be cast away, or unmade by any craft we here possess.' He looked solemnly around the council chamber. 'The ring must be destroyed.' The council was silent as Lord Elrond remained standing. 'One of you must do this.' Suddenly, a man stood. His voice was deep, deeper than I would have guessed. 'No!' he said. 'Can you not see? It is a gift from Mordor! Why can we not use this ring?' his voice strengthened in his resolve. 'Let us use His power against Him!' He looked as though he would have gone on, but Aragorn spoke from his chair. 'You cannot wield it. None of us can.' He gestured around the audience. 'The One ring answers to Sauron alone.' The standing man, with the deep voice retorted. 'And what, may I ask; does a mere ranger know of this matter?' The hobbit sitting next to Frodo jumped up from his seat, standing only to my waist. His irritated expression was almost comical. All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost; The old that is strong does not wither, Deep roots are not reached by the frost. From the ashes a fire shall be woken, A light from the shadows shall spring; Renewed shall be blade that was broken: The crownless shall again be king. He sat down abruptly and mumbled something to Frodo, and then gritted his small teeth, glaring at the man as he sat. 'You look upon the keir to the