A/N So...I had this idea mulling away and it wouldn't leave me alone. Let me know if you like it and if it's worth continuing. But if you like Bride Price I think you'll like this. I don't own Twilight or the characters created by S. M. I'm just having a little fun playing with them. Thanks as always to Aesthetic Voyager Bella exited the reading of her father's will in disbelief. It was ridiculous! He had left her enough cash to finish college and her inheritance he had placed in a trust as a dowry. A Dowry! Who did that these days? And when she married, if she ever married, the dowry would become her husband's property. The dowry consisted of a million dollars, a very large tract of land in Tennessee and gold that he had made into buried treasure. Maps would be sent to her husband once he met the conditions her father had set. She shook her head as she walked. It was insane. Even if she did find someone she wanted to marry, would she trust him to handle such an insanely large dowry? She'd seen what sudden large windfalls did to people; celebrities, their children, lottery winners. Inevitably they lost or spent all their money until they were broke once again not too much later. And their characters suffered for it. How a person spent money said a lot about their character. But what if she chose someone who wanted the land and the gold? Wouldn't he love the property and money more than her? Could she even live with that? Could she settle for someone who she knew didn't love her, might never love her? But then, how much did love matter? She'd seen what passed for love in high society. It might start out well, but it never ended that way. Even if the couple stayed married, the marriage was a sham of adultery, infidelity, or simple coolness of affection which would chill the room. Even parental love, which was supposed to be selfless and unwavering, died. Parents handed their children off to nannies and barely took the time to read them a story or play a simple game, too busy to be bothered with such childish pursuits. Sure there was some affection there, but where was that selfless love parents were supposed to have for their children? She'd never seen that. Perhaps it didn't exist? Perhaps all that was really left was kindness, consideration, friendship, affection and sexual attraction. Love wasn't trustworthy. Perhaps she was better off without it, she thought with a frown. She and her best friend Alice had a small apartment near their college. She and Alice had been best friends throughout their private school education and continued their friendship rooming together as they attended the same college, far too close to even consider living apart. Like Bella, Alice's parents were funding her education. But unlike Bella, she had a far too generous allowance and thoroughly enjoyed spending it. Bella had just enough money from her father to pay for the rest of her college tuition and and very modest living expenses, no more. After her father died in the spring, Bella decided to enroll in summer school to keep her mind off the loss. Since Alice was gone for most of the summer on vacations around the world with her parents, Bella stayed at their apartment alone. Before the loneliness could overwhelm her, she met James. He was a transfer student and pre-law. He was tall, blonde and charming. She was nineteen, young, and stupid. She took his attentions at face value, allowing him to wine and dine her, to romance her, until one day he slipped up. He mentioned her dowry. She had never told anyone but Alice about it, and that one night he'd had too much to drink and it slipped out. The next day when she confronted him, he admitted he had interned in the law office her father had used to set up the trust, and had seen the paperwork. He pleaded and flattered her but when she refused to be persuaded, he showed a side of himself that she'd never seen before, and that side frightened her. He became menacing, threatening. He told her that he was the only one for her. That she would marry him and they would be together and he would do anything to make sure it stayed that way including hurting her or killing anyone she tried to replace him with. She was so scared she agreed that she would be his. What else could she do? But she did ask for the only thing left, time. She said that she wasn't ready to be married yet and asked him to wait a year or two until she was a bit closer to finishing school. He was indulgent once she had capitulated and allowed her the time she asked for. But things between them changed. Any male person she spoke with on campus in a friendly manner was warned off, sometimes physically. And when those men refused to look at her or talk to her, or showed up with a black eye in class, she knew. She knew James was making sure no one else would replace him. Her time was running out. Her money was running out. So finally, after long contemplation and several intense phone calls with Alice, who knew the details of her dowry and a little about James, she put the land up for sale. She gave it a bargain price, one that would be sure to draw plenty of offers, and then made sure her realtor knew her exact requirements. Then all she could do was wait, because after all, it wasn't really the land that was for sale; it was her. "Emmett, Look!" Edward waved him over to the computer screen excitedly. Their old ranch was for sale. He and Emmett had grown up there with their parents, Edward Sr. and Elizabeth Masen. When their parents had been in a car crash seven years ago, the land had been sold to pay their hospital bills. Elizabeth had remained in a coma for just over two years before passing. Their aunt and uncle, Esme and Carlisle Cullen, had taken them in, in accordance with the Masen's will. Esme was their mother's sister and had been overjoyed to look after the two boys she loved as her own and had been grateful for their company as they grieved together. Although the boys had lived in New York through their late teen and young adult years, they missed life on the ranch and had worked hard to save enough seed money to start a new ranch. It wasn't enough to buy land, but it was enough to rent a reasonable amount, and purchase several head of cattle to get started. They still kept in touch with the Clearwater's, their parent's old friends who had worked the ranch with them. Sue and Harry lived in the Masen's old house, keeping it in good condition should they choose to return. They had returned to visit often and were good friends. With the ranch at this price, they would have enough money to buy back the land and get a small start on the stock. If they worked hard, they could be profitable in a few years, especially considering the seed money they had left over from the sale of the original property. They would finally be able to be their own bosses. They still owned the couple acres the house and cabins were on, but the vast majority of the ranch land, and the creek were sold, and now for sale again! "Hey," Emmett said, "You're right, that's it! But why did they put it up so cheap?" Edward shrugged. "I don't think I care. It's well within our price range. This could work." The young men looked at each other grinning. Their voices rang out together. "Let's do this!" After contacting a realtor, they were surprised to find out they were required to submit an essay about why they wanted to purchase the ranch. Raising their eyebrows in surprise at the unorthodox screening process they nevertheless followed the requirements. They agreed Edward would write the essay as he was mutually agreed to be the brains of the team and was quite articulate. After only two days they received a call from their realtor that their offer was acceptable but that an additional hoop to jump through had been set up. The seller wanted to meet them in person to discuss their offer. She wanted to meet them at a restaurant for drinks that was about an hour away. If she still approved they would meet again to discuss the details further. It was weird and cagey but the price was right and it was beyond their wildest dreams that they would actually get their old ranch back so they set up the meeting for Monday at two-thirty in the afternoon and drove over to meet Ms. Swan. Bella waited nervously at the corner booth in the near empty restaurant. Alice and Jasper were the only other people in sight at a table across the way. After James she had learned to be cautious. This place was over an hour from the school they attended so at least the Masen's wouldn't know where she lived if this fell through. She sipped on her mint tea, trying desperately to calm the butterflies in her stomach. She watched Alice and Jasper and returned Alice's smile at her with a nervous one of her own. Alice had always been beautiful, but she was radiant in love. She'd only met Jasper this fall, a few weeks ago, and yet it seemed as though they'd been together forever. It was as though he was the other half of her soul. She didn't know him well yet, and didn't trust easily after James, but something in his aura was so calming that she couldn't help but feel more at ease with him than should have been possible. Alice suggested they bring him along as the muscle in case her talk went south and Bella trusted Alice enough to agree. At least he was someone for Alice to talk with in the car; the current situation made her far too anxious to be of any use in a conversation. She'd been absorbed in her thoughts since they left home. The Masen's essay had been by far the best, though their offer had been only just what she had asked. Many had offered much more hoping to move to the top of her list, but their essays had been poor to say the least. Shallow reasons, poorly written, married, married with kids, gay even. After Alice and Jasper helped her eliminate those she couldn't marry she looked at the rest. If she was to marry someone, she would at least choose someone she could converse with on an intelligent level, whom she didn't despise on sight. Her heart ached for the young boys Edward and Emmett had been when their parents died and for their aspirations to return to the home and lifestyle they'd once lived. She had called the Clearwaters who lived at the house on the adjoining property. They were very friendly and confirmed the story, even vouching for the character of the young men. Could she marry one of these two men? Could she become a rancher's wife? She didn't know the first thing about ranching, but Tennessee was far from here and far from James. They allowed most people to own guns in Tennessee to defend their property. That was comforting. Hopefully the Masen's would think she was worth protecting rather than a burden to be gotten rid of as soon as possible. Her palms were sweating and her hands were shaking. She set down her cup and looked away from Alice and Jasper as tears welled in her