I don't own Percy Jackson You rarely hear of a girl being the hero, typically in today's society whenever someone hear the word hero they instantly thought of a guy, but that's just how it's always been. I'm not saying that there are no female heroes, there are, but thanks to the stories we heard growing up it's only natural for us to think of some muscular guy running around and saving people. However for every stereotype there is always someone who breaks expectations. Although now that I think about, I may sound like I'm a little bitter. Or perhaps think way too highly of myself. However I would like to point out that I was told that if I wrote my story down I'd feel better about all that happened, almost like therapy. So I decided to give it go, and I'll promise that I will try not to hold back on the details. I guess I should start by saying I never wanted any of this to happen. I was very much content in going from school to school every year, being treated differently because I'm dyslexic and have ADHD. Although at the time I would have wished to be like all the other kids my age, and not get kicked out of each school that accepted me. Despite being labelled as a "Troubled Child" by nearly every adult I met. However, looking back now I probably should have paid more attention to the saying be careful what you wish for. Don't get me wrong, if given the option now to be "normal" I wouldn't take it. I've grown to love my life the way it has played out, of course I have regrets but so does everyone else. But despite having no regrets I still feel as though I should warn you. If you feel as though you recognize yourself in this story, or if you've seen or done something strange, something almost inhuman, I'm begging you, stop reading immediately. Because the moment you realise it…. The moment you think you have it all figured out They'll know. And once they do, they will find you, and they will not hesitate to kill you. Please don't think I'm exaggerating for entertainment purposes. I'm not. But if you decide to carry on reading and find yourself recognising yourself in these pages, the find help immediately. There are people like me everywhere, and once you've identified them they will protect you and get you to safety. But if you think this is some elaborate piece of fiction, written for your own enjoyment. Then great! Read on. I hope you find my story entertaining. But please, don't take my warning lightly. My name is Sophia Jackson. And up until recently, I was just an average 12 year old girl stuck at Yancy Academy for troubled kids. Am I a troubled kid? Sort of. It's not like I can say my school record is spotless, but then again it's not as though I purposely misbehaved. Somehow I've managed to get myself expelled six schools. Which is apparently a lot easier than it sounds. But again, I'd like to remind you that it wasn't because I tried to get into trouble. Trouble just likes to find me at the most in-opportune moments. For example, during my fifth-grade field trip to the Saratoga battlefield I had a little accident with a war cannon. But in my defence I wasn't exactly, aiming towards the school bus, and I didn't know it was going to blow up like it did. It just happened despite what the teachers say. Honest! Then before that in fourth-grade, my class took a behind the scenes tour of marine world and I accidentally leant on the wrong lever. To make a long story short, the class ended up taking an unexpected swimming lesson. But no one was hurt, so really I think my teachers were being a little unreasonable. Then before that…. You've probably gotten the point by now. But as I said earlier, none of it was done on purpose. Anyway, back to the story. At the moment I was stuck in a yellow bus filled with 20 or so mental case kids, heading towards the Metropolitan Museum of Art in Manhattan to look at the Greek and Roman exhibits. I know it doesn't sound like it would be interesting or fun, but my Latin teacher Mr. Brunner was leading the trip, so I had hopes. Mr. Brunner didn't look like someone you would call cool , in fact he looked exactly how you would imagine a Latin teacher to look like. He had matted brown hair and wore a frayed tweed jacket that smelt highly of coffee. When he was younger he had been in an accident that left him paralysed from the waist down, so he had to navigate everywhere in a wheel chair. But he was the only teacher in the school whose lessons didn't put me in a boredom induced coma. On multiple occasions he had us running up to the blackboard to write as many Greek and Roman names we could think of, while he swung a ruler around his head like a mad man threatening to give us detention if we weren't able to complete the task. Of course he never did give us detention, but his teaching methods seemed to help us remember a lot more than if we were stuck reading from some dusty old textbooks. Plus he had the epic collection of Greek swords and armour that he often brought into class to let us try out. Without the principle knowing of course. I doubt he'd like the idea of the mild looking Latin teacher bringing in weapons for a class of hyperactive delinquents to wave around. So you can probably see why I was looking forward to this trip. But despite my excitement that my favourite teacher would be leading this trip. There was one thing – person – that could damped my spirits no matter how good a day could seem to be going. And that was Mrs. Dodds. She had been the first to volunteer to help Mr. Brunner look after us kids when the trip had first been announced. However I couldn't help feeling there was a different reason behind her coming along. There was no way she was coming along for the goodness of her heart (that's if she even had one). Mrs. Dodds was the worst teacher I have ever had, and that's coming from someone who's had a lot. She constantly wore her hair up in a tight bun that seemed almost glued to her head, not a single hair was ever out of place, and she permanently wore a leather jacket with matching trousers that looked like second skin on her. Making her seem like some kind of biker wannabe. She had instantly fallen in love with the school's freckled faced, red haired kleptomaniac Nancy Bobofit, who she caught sticking chewing gum to the back of my friend Grover's coat. Instead of yelling at Nancy like any other sane teacher would, she found a way to blame me instead. Which ended up being one of the many reasons why I hated her so much. Nancy and I on the other hand, had been enemies since the first time we met. I'm not exactly sure what I did to her, but it was enough for her to hate my guts from meeting me on the first day of school. She made it her job to make mine and Grover's lives a living hell. As if being stuck at a boarding school for criminals in training. On a lighter note however was Grover Underwood, my best friend. He was a scrawny looking kid, who despite being in the sixth grade looked as though he had been held back a few years. He was the only one in our class with bad acne and looked as though he had the start of a beard coming along. He was also unlucky enough to be stuck with some kind of muscle disease in his legs, which, thanks to a note at the beginning of the year, had him excused from P.E for life. But this unfortunately made him an easy target for Nancy's bullying. Which brings us back to the bus, where I had to watch Nancy pelt Grover with chunks of her peanut butter sandwiches. 'I'm going kill her!' I growled, already halfway out of my seat, ready to tackle the red head into the aisle. 'Don't Sophia.' Grover hissed, grabbing onto my arm and trying to pull me back onto my seat. 'You're already on probation. Besides I like peanut butter.' He started to pick out pieces of the sandwich from his curly brown hair, trying to keep as much dignity as he could with peanut butter in his hair. I didn't like it, but I did what he wanted me to do, and sat as quietly and as calmly as a kid with ADHD could. All the while trying not to attack the frizzy haired klepto. Mr. Brunner rolled at a leisurely pace through the museum as the rest of delinquents followed behind dutifully, listening as he talked with enthusiasm about all the artefacts on display. The vast majority of museum patrons kept a wide gap between themselves and our troupe, glancing wearily at us as the majority of the group continued to loudly talk amongst themselves. I on the other hand found it really interesting to learn about all of these things, but it was getting harder to understand what he was saying from the amount of giggling coming from Nancy and her idiot friends. I tried to ignore them, and even pushed myself to the front of the group, but it was quickly becoming an impossible task to understand Mr. Brunner. 'There are twelve Olympian Gods. With the big three, Zeus, Poseidon and Hades at the top of the hierarchy,' Mr. Brunner stated as he pointed to the statues meant to represent the Gods. 'While the gods were known for the immense amount of power they held, they were also known for their rivalry. It is said that they were always fighting, always threatening war.' The rest of Mr. Brunner's speech was drowned out by the annoying, nasal laugh of Nancy Bobofit which was quickly backed up by her cronies. I tried ignoring them and continued to listen to Mr. Brunner, but Nancy's constant giggling about the statues of naked men drowned out the lecture. 'Will you shut up?' All eyes shot towards me as my frustration reached its peak and I ended up shouting at Nancy, which wasn't completely intentional. 'Miss. Jackson, if you have your own opinion I'm sure the class will be glad to hear it.' My eyes shot towards my feet in embarrassment, I was pretty sure my face resembled a tomato. 'Sorry sir,' He nodded at me before moving away to face an image showing a man eating his kids. 'Since you are so keen to participate in this tour, then maybe you could tell us what this represents,' I felt relief flood me when I realised I actually recognised the picture. 'That's Kronos, the king god-' 'God?' I paused for a second before correcting myself. 'Titan, sorry, he was given a prophecy when his wife was pregnant that said something about one of his kids overthrowing him, so to stop that from happening he decided to eat his kids. He almost successfully managed to eat all of his, but his wife caught on to what he was doing and gave him a rock when baby Zeus was born, the hid Zeus in the hills on the island furthest away from their home. Then Zeus was old enough, he disguised himself as Kronos' servant and his father to barf up his brothers and sisters,' Collective groans came from most of the girls in the class, whilst the