This is just a small one shot before the epilogue, where Peeta still has fits and he's trying to recover. Enjoy! "Peeta!" Katniss squealed, running around the counter in the middle of the kitchen. "Peeta, stop!" Peeta was chasing Katniss around the counter in the kitchen of their home, flour on his hands and an amused smile on his face. But while he was stronger, she was faster. Every time Peeta got close enough to grab her, Katniss slipped right out of his reach, erupting in another fit of giggles, making him laugh as well. It felt so good to laugh. Because even though the rebellion was won, and the new republic was Hunger Games-free, the scars were still there. Katniss' and Peeta's bodies were living proof that no matter how 'over' the rebellion was, the painful memories of torture, pain, and heartache would still be felt. Ever since the rebellion ended, and the old Capitol was destroyed, Katniss decided she should let her heart think for once, not her brain. And the first thing her heart did was fight for Peeta. He still had flashbacks, and he still had fits, but her old Peeta was slowly beginning to emerge. A couple months after the rebellion, he allowed her to kiss him. Half a year later, he moved into her empty house, making if feel like a home again. Now here they were, almost a year later, trying to return to whatever sense of normalcy they imagined there to be initially. It was hard, fighting for a man who has no control over his ability to hate you just as much as he loved you. But it was worth it. He was worth it. "Peeta!" Katniss screeched as Peeta caught her off guard, wrapping a strong arm around her slim waist. He pulled her close to his chest, despite her struggles. "Gotcha," Peeta winked at her as he touched her nose with his fingertip, leaving behind the white residue. "Let go!" Katniss laughed, playfully pushing on his broad chest. "I'm fine with where I'm at," Peeta snickered, reaching both hands down to her hips. He ran his hands up and down her sides, leaving behind flour hand prints on her clothing. "Seriously, let go!" Katniss told him, although she made no move to get him off of her. Peeta moved his hands to her tiny waist and picked her up, setting her down on the counter top. She smiled down at him, her hands finding the hem of his shirt, pulling it over his head. Peeta raised an eyebrow at her, teasing her. "Oh, shut up," She told him, already knowing what he was about to say. Katniss grabbed the back of his neck and pulled him to her, kissing him. Katniss ran her hands over the ridges in his back muscles, her fingers moving to dance over the definite lines in his chest. And while she wished this was still the skin of pre-prisoner Peeta, the skin of the boy who showed her how to love, she still felt safe in these new scarred and Capitol-toned arms. She grabbed his body and held him close as he moved his lips to her neck. Katniss became lightheaded and got shivers when Peeta's hands crept under her shirt. Suddenly, he was off of her and standing on the other side of the kitchen. Katniss instantly knew what was happening as soon as she opened her eyes. She tried to bring herself down from the high Peeta created, trying to even her breathing and brace herself for what he may do to her. She stared into his eyes as she watched the man she loves disappear behind clouded eyes, the Capitol prisoner appearing. "Stay downstairs," He breathed, snarling at her before running up the staircase to their bedroom, taking the steps two at a time. Katniss jumped as she began to hear banging and crashing, and the occasional yell. Standing up slowly, Katniss silently walked up the stairs, begging to whatever God there was that Peeta wouldn't hear her approaching. She made it to the door, opening it slowly, revealing the mess he created. She managed to fully open the door as she assessed the damage: cracked headboard, pillows strewn all over the floor, clothes ripped out of closets, and a very angry Peeta standing in the middle of it all. "Peeta..." Katniss whispered, eyes roaming over the mess. He flinched at her voice, but he continued on. "You shouldn't be in here," Peeta warned her breathlessly, taking his focus off of his destructive mess just long enough to glance quickly at Katniss standing in the doorway. She instantly felt relief; even during one of his fits, he was still trying to protect her. He made so much progress. Now, instead of focusing his anger that was intended for her on her, he focused it elsewhere. Unfortunately, elsewhere was their bedroom this time. His mouth said one thing, but his face said another. His usual soft face was contorted and twisted into fury, hate burning in his eyes. Hate aimed at Katniss. "I know," She said softly, not moving just yet. Usually during his fits, she would be close enough to him that she could grab his wrists and force him to the ground, holding him as he struggled against her until it was over. Katniss usually had the upper hand, but this time, she wouldn't. He was too far away from her on the other side of the room. If she went to him to try and stop him, he would lunge at her instantly. It would be suicide. "This isn't you." "This is absolutely me. I'm a monster. It's who I am, Katniss," He told her as he ripped the comforter off the bed. His voice was calm, but his body was tight and his movements rigid and mechanic. "That's what the Capitol made you," Katniss told him, and he momentarily freezes at the mention of the Capitol, but quickly recovers, throwing books off of a shelf. It was their unspoken rule since he had gotten back from the very place: don't mention the old Capitol. "The Capitol brought out what was inside of me, and if you think any differently, then you're an idiot," He continued in his low and menacing voice, spitting out the words. Katniss felt as if he had physically slapped her. He's called her countless names during his fits; mutt, bitch, low life, a nobody. 'Idiot' was the least explicit word, but it might as well have been all of the above by the way it broke her. "I know this isn't you, Peeta," She said quietly, keeping her eyes trained on his body as he knocked the vase of flowers Peeta had gotten her a couple days ago onto the floor. A pang instantly coursed through her heart, but she had to remind herself this isn't her real Peeta. He would get her new flowers in a couple hours. This was the hijacked, Capitol Peeta. This wasn't him. Suddenly, Peeta stopped trashing the bedroom and turned to her. He took a couple steps forward, towards Katniss, but not close enough to touch her. Katniss felt scared as his vacant, angry and clouded eyes stared hers down, but she kept her face composed. Peeta kept his voice low and slow as he spoke. "I want to break every damn bone in your body," He told her menacingly, his empty eyes wild. He was clearly restraining himself from attacking her, for he was shaking and his muscles were tight. His hands were in tight fists by his side, his knuckles white. "No-" She tried to say, convince him this isn't her real Peeta, but the Capitol Peeta continued on. "I want to kill you. I want to murder you. It's who I am, Katniss." He finally began moving again, yanking picture frames off of the wall and throwing them on the ground. "No, you can't scare me off." Katniss stated, louder and more confident this time. Peeta stopped again to face her. He began pacing, his clouded eyes never leaving hers. "Why would you risk it?" He asked her, and she let out a sigh of relief. He seemed calmer. It seemed as if his fit was almost over. "Why would you come in here when I told you to wait downstairs? "Because I did this," Katniss breathed, tears threatening to spill. It was all her fault. The third Quarter Quell twist, the revolution, him getting captured... It was all her fault. She was the spark that started everything. "This is my fault. I'm the one who made you like this." "All you did was expose me to who I really am!" He yelled at her, his voice rising as he became frustrated. He ran his hands over his face, his body still shaking as he paced back and forth in front of her. "This isn't you!" She told him firmly. " Stop saying that!" He screamed at her, flipping over the bench by the end of their bed. Katniss watched in horror as she saw her favorite books fly to the floor, the pages now bent and wrinkled from their awkward landing on the floor. Katniss froze with fear. She's dealt with Peeta's manic fits before, but every time felt like the first. It was all so scary to her. That the man who loves her the most, could also hate her the most. And he truly hated her right now. Peeta stopped pacing and leaned over, resting his hands on his knees. His fit exhausted him, like they usually did. Katniss took this as a sign to step forward, thinking it was over, but he stopped her quickly. "Don't come any closer." He told her, even though his eyes stayed trained on the wood floor. "Don't get any closer to me." "I'm not going to let this happen to you," She whispered, taking another step. "Stop," He said with a bit more edge, his heaving breathing kicking back up again. Katniss was trying to keep him calm, but she was afraid that all she was doing was throwing him into another fit. "Peeta, I'm not going to give up on you. I believe in you. You can get through this!" " Stop!" He screamed again, and before she knew it, her back was pressed against their closet door, Peeta's face dangerously close to hers. His muscular arms were on either side of her body, trapping her as he pressed his hands into the door hard. " Stop!" He screamed again, hitting the door behind her with his palm, his hand dangerously close to hitting her face. Thanks to the fit, it was probably what he intended to do. Katniss stopped breathing. She felt petrified. Peeta once taught her some self-defense moves, just in case they were put in this very situation of Peeta dominating her, but all that knowledge flew out of her head. She just stared at his manic eyes, seeing little black dots from lack of oxygen to her brain. Breathe, Katniss. Breathe. Katniss watched his eyes slowly uncloud and clear up, confusion and regret replacing the hate and anger. He backed away from her, realizing what he just did, but kept his hands on the door behind her. Katniss finally let in a shaky breath, unintentionally letting a tear escape that she was trying so hard to contain. "I'm so sorry," Peeta whispered so quietly, Katniss wasn't even sure she heard it. His eyes were pleading. "Oh my God, I'm so sorry." "It's okay," She whispered back, closing her eyes and resting her head against the door behind her, relieved. And it was. She could never hold anything against him. No matter what he did to her. He moved closer to her, burying his face in her neck as he collapsed his body against hers. What usually made her feel excited now made her feel trapped. But she had to be