October 2003 BPOV "How long are we going to do this Bella?" Edward asked me as he turned to face me on the couch. He reached for the remote, pausing the DVD we were watching. "What do you mean Edward?" I asked. "How long are we going to try to keep this relationship going long distance? Eventually we're going to have to live in the same city if we ever want to take things to the next level. You either need to move, and soon, or we need to consider that it's time for us to call it quits." "I do want us to be together," I started, "but I'm just not sure this is the right time. I mean, I don't have a job there. Does it make sense to give up my full time job here if I don't have one to go to….." "Enough with the excuses Bella! We can't do this anymore," he replied, cutting me off. "We can't continue to live half a country apart. You agreed that once I was settled in this new job you would move. It's been over a year and we haven't even talked about it. It's obviously not a step you're willing to take, so I'm sorry, but we need to end it." "But….." I started. Edward interrupted me again, saying "I'm sorry, Bella, I just can't," before dropping my hand and walking quickly out the door." I stared at the door in disbelief. Did he really just break up with me? We weren't even going to discuss this? My eyes filled with tears and I crumpled to the floor as I began to sob. I wasn't ready to move yet. The whole idea of giving up my life here in Forks terrified me. But did the thought of losing Edward terrify me even more? I wasn't sure how long I lay on the ground before I finally got up and wiped the tears from my eyes. I needed to be sure that I was doing the right thing. If there was a chance for Edward and I to work things out, I needed to decide what I was willing to do to make that happen. I decided to call my best friend Alice. I needed some really good advice right now, and Alice always knew just what do say. When I heard Alice's voice I started to cry again. Between sobs I haltingly told Alice what had just happened; she immediately agreed to come over. I sagged with relief when I finally heard her come through the front door. "Oh Bella," cried Alice, throwing her arms around me in a giant hug. I stayed silent for a while, letting the comfort of my best friend wash over me. "It hurts so much Alice. I don't know how to be without Edward. He's been everything to me since we were 16. I love him so much." I dropped my head into my hands, trying to stop crying. "How could he just give up on everything we have?" "Listen Bella, I know the idea of moving is scary. And God knows I would miss you like crazy. But, I know how much you love Edward. Don't let fear rule your life. Do you really want to look back 50 years from now and wonder what would have happened if you'd moved to be with Edward?" Alice pulled my hands away from my face, forcing me to look at her. "Maybe it's the right thing to do, maybe it isn't. But you'll never know unless you just do it. You can always come back if you decide it's not what you want." "I don't even know if that's what he wants anymore Al," I mumbled. "What if that was just an excuse to break up with me? What if he really doesn't love me anymore?" "There's only one way you're going to know Bells. You have to talk to him." I knew that Alice was right. I had to talk to Edward. If there was any chance that I could save our relationship I knew I had to do it. I put my hand out, and Alice placed the phone in it. I quickly dialed Edward's number before I lost my nerve. He hesitantly agreed to meet me for breakfast the next morning. I tossed and turned in bed all night, trying to figure out what I would say to Edward the next morning. I hoped I was making the right decision. Edward was asking me to give up a lot, but I was positive he was worth it. Once we were together in the same city, we would finally be able to start our lives together. We could get married, start a family. The thought that Edward might refuse me was beyond scary. I quickly pushed that idea out of my head; it wasn't something I could deal with right now. Every time I started to chicken out, I thought about Alice's words. I didn't want to live with the regret of what might have been. The next morning I was already seated at the diner when Edward walked in. My breath caught in my throat at the side of him. I loved him so much. Tears burned in the back of my throat, but I quickly shook them off. I'd never get through this if I started crying now. Just as I pulled myself together, Edward slid into the booth across from me. I looked nervously into his eyes, and was shocked by what I saw. Clearly Edward was as upset about this as I was. He eyes were bloodshot with dark circles underneath them. His hair was a mess, like he'd been running his fingers through it all night. "Edward…." my voice cracked, and I took a deep breath before I continued. I still wasn't quite ready to speak, so I took a sip of water. It gave me a minute to collect myself. "I can't lose you. I just can't. I love you so much. If you still want me….if you still want me to move, I'll do it. I'll move to Chicago with you." He looked at me for the longest time, not saying a word. My stomach sank and I was sure I was going to throw up. This was obviously a mistake. I needed to get out of here before I started to cry. As I moved to slide out of the booth, Edward's hand shot out and grabbed hold of my wrist. "Don't go." "What?" I whispered. "I don't want you to go," he said. "You're really agreeing to move?" "I really am," I replied tearfully. "Are you sure about this B?" asked Edward. "I don't want you to get there and regret your decision. I should probably tell you this is a bad idea and just let you move on. Truthfully, when I gave you that ultimatum, I was just using it as an easy way to end things between us. I thought breaking up was the only way to move on. I never thought you'd agree to it." "Of course I'm sure. I love you and I'm doing this for us. When do you want me there?" "Are you kidding me? How soon can you get there?" Edward laughed as he leaned across the table to kiss me. "Why don't you come in January? I'll be home for Christmas and we can drive back together at the end of my vacation. That'll give you time to settle everything here." "That sounds perfect. I can't believe this is happening. That we're finally going to be together. I should never have waited this long. I'm so sorry Edward. I love you so much." I slid out of my side of the booth and moved to sit next to him. Edward put his arms around me and kissed me long and hard. We spent the next hour laughing and kissing as we planned our new life together. It hurt me to think that I had almost destroyed our relationship with my fear of change and the unknown. Edward was my soul mate. I knew things would be hard at first, but we loved each other enough to make it work. May 2004 BPOV I looked at the clock for what seemed like the hundredth time. And once again, it was only a few minutes later than the last time I looked. Where was he? The wait was starting to get to me, and I could feel myself getting more and more agitated with each passing second. Of course, it didn't take much to get me worked up these days. It seemed like nothing in my life was turning out the way I thought it would. Four months ago I'd uprooted my entire life and moved half way across the country to be with my high-school sweetheart. After eight years together, most of them long-distance, we were finally living together. Instead of the joy I thought I would be feeling, all I could feel was defeated. I was working in a job I hated. I had no money, I had no friends, and things with Edward weren't working out they way I thought they would. We spent most of our time at home on the couch because Edward refused to show me around my new hometown. Our relationship was definitely feeling the strain. After so many years together, I assumed the next step for us would be getting engaged. Not so. Instead, I constantly felt like I was auditioning for the role of Mrs. Cullen, and I never quite lived up to expectations. Tonight was the last straw. When Edward had left early this morning with his friend James, he told me he'd be home by mid-afternoon at the latest. Now it was 6:30 and I hadn't heard a word from Edward all day. Since we had argued about it recently, I didn't want to eat supper without him. I didn't mind the fact that he was still out. What I minded was the total lack of respect he was showing me by not letting me calling to let me know he'd be late. Finally I couldn't wait any longer. Not in the mood to cook anything for myself, I drove over to the mall and picked up some take-out. I came home with supper for one, and sat down in front of the tv. When I finished eating and there was still no word from Edward, something inside of me snapped. I couldn't do this anymore. I couldn't live with someone who didn't seem to realize he didn't live alone anymore. I was supposed to be a part of his life, and instead I constantly felt like I was on the sidelines. I longed for the days when Edward made me feel like I was the most important part of his life. Even though it was hard to have a long-distance relationship, we'd always found a way to make it work for us. Edward called me as often as he could. Sometimes he only had time for a quick hello, but knowing he was thinking about me made me feel cherished. Now here we were, finally living together, and it felt like there was more distance between us than ever. Where was the romantic man I had loved for so long? I let my mind wander back over all the special moments we had shared over the years, lingering on one memory in particular. I was in college working towards a degree in English Literature, and working part time at the library. Edward had already moved away for work. It was November, and Edward and I hadn't seen each other since August. It would be Christmas before Edward would be able to come home for another visit. We were both busy with work and school, so finding time for phone calls had been hard. Then one day at work, my coworker Lauren tapped my