A New Life A/N: Welcome to my new and improved story, previously this was two separate stories that was intended to be a three-part series, however, after a long absence from Fanfiction and writing I am back and revamping this story. I can't give a specific update guideline; however, I am looking at updating at least once a week. I will leave up the old series until this story has been completed and then it may be brought down. Please enjoy the story and remember to review! I would like to thank: TabiPrewett for their work as BETA on this chapter. -Raider Chapter One Ron looked at the destruction of the castle, there were dead bodies lying all around the grounds, many of them he remembered as older students who had left years before and still some he did not know at all. His black robes hung limply from his shoulders as he sagged and leaned against a cool stone, trying his best to steady his breathing. He had blood running from a wound on his head and arm; he noticed without so much as a flinch that he also had a broken finger. He sighed as his gaze landed on a horribly familiar sight that was just visible beneath the blood that covered his left arm; he had his wand in his hand but he did not pay it much attention as he was alone with the dead and his thoughts until suddenly there were a dozen small 'pops' all around him causing him to admit to straightened up, ready to fight again if needed. A dozen Auror's stood before him with their wands raised and pointed at him, he stiffened his back and let his wand hang from his side. "Drop your wand and raise your hands!" "Why?" "Do it now!" Ron chuckled as he looked out upon the faces of the men and women before him and silently cursed their good luck. The luck to have been sorted into a different house than what he had been in... Slytherin. He sighed and told those now facing him, "I only did what I needed to keep my family safe." Before they could respond a new voice entered the fray, "Drop your wand Mr. Weasley, no harm will come to you." Ron looked up at the sound of this new voice and he gasped in surprise, "You're dead! I saw you die with my own eyes...how...?" He trailed off into silence, unable to complete his thought. "That is not important right now Mr. Weasley", the new man said in a controlled and even tone of voice, "Do as the Auror's say, it is important for you to do so." He shook his head, unable to muster his voice, "I-no! I-I only did what I had to do, you know what it was-is like in there. You're the h-" but before he could finish he was cut off. "ENOUGH! Drop your wand, I will vouch for you.' Ron snorted, "As if...your word is no better than mine is-you're just as bad to them" he jerked his head in the direction of the Auror's. He blinked as the smoke began to sting his eyes. "You are right, for the moment. If events transpire the way I think they will, then my word will be as good as Harry Potter's." That did not impress Ron and he made sure that was known, "Harry bloody Potter, that prat made my life a living hell!" The man sighed, "As did you for him Mr. Weasley. Have you already forgotten that?" "No, but only because of what he did to me, I tried to be his friend, back in first year. He wouldn't let me, kept pushing me away. I-I wanted to stay 'good', I tried to do that, it's just so damn hard." The man bowed his head, "I understand Ron, and believe me I do, but the cause is dead, he is dead and we must surrender." Ron looked to the man in disbelief "I-I can't believe that! I had to give up what I believed for so many years now, nearly half of my childhood has been spent with them, and it tends to alter you after a while." The other nodded his head, "That is true; I am a prime example of what it is to be altered by other's beliefs. I was never a true believer Ron. I only liked it at first because of what he had to offer. I had a chance to be the big kid on the block, a chance to have power, fame, and glory. Along with all those things my enemies had the honor, no, the privilege of having them for my entire childhood and school years. " "Y-you weren't a true believer? B-but you seemed so real, you were his right hand! How could you have deceived him so?" "I have my ways; I always have and I always will. I can help you out of this situation, let me help you Ronald." Ron hung his head in resign because after so many years of constantly being on guard, being political, it was-awkward for him to let all of that go. To embrace those, he had called enemies not twelve hours' prior, those who he had never thought to call…friend. He looked between the man and the Aurors, and then he made his choice. He lifted his wand, which caused those watching him to stiffen, and then he threw it on the ground and lifted his hands. The man who had helped talk him down nodded his head once towards his former pupil and comrade before they were both arrested by the Aurors. They were both sat on the ground as the lead Auror tried to find someone in charge as they tried to figure out where to take the prisoners, this left Ron and his mentor to talk quietly to one another. "How did you survive?" Ron finally asked after moments of silence had passed between them. "I do not know Mr. Weasley, I do not know. All I remember is Harry standing over me and then I blacked out. When I came too I was alone and made my way up towards the castle and that is where I ran into your…situation. " "So, you were a spy then, for the order?" The man inclined his head, ever so slightly. Then he let out a long sigh before he spoke again, "That I was, and a rather good one to. I managed to trick the most skilled legilimens in the history of our people. " "What's going to happen to us now that the war is over and we…they…I, lost?" The man raised his eyebrow, "Having trouble figuring out your role in all of this?" he asked, indicating the ruin now surrounding them. One of the Aurors looked their way at his head gesture but soon turned back to his companion. Ron nodded his head after a few seconds, wanting to be sure they weren't being watched, "I am" he said softly. "On the one hand, I didn't ever believe in what they stood for. I was in it because I am a Slytherin and that is what I had to do to protect my family. Everything I ever did was to protect them." Ron looked up at the man he had once hated, and then had come to admire. The long black robes, greasy black hair and dark black holes that he had for eyes. He looked upon Severus Snape, Head of Slytherin house and Headmaster of Hogwarts. "I do not know how this will all end, but I do know one thing" Severus said softly, "I will vouch for you because you deserve it Ronald, you're a good man, but with our memories, they will see that it was you, and you alone who took the mark." Ron cast his eyes down to the dirty ground, "I did it so that they could trust me; I did it for myself and for my family. They promised not to mess with them if I took it, so I did." "I understand Mr. Weasley, I truly do. I will help the court, the new Ministry, the public, and your family and friends understand our reasons for joining the Dark Lord." Ron was silent for a moment, and then he whispered something that Severus was barely able to pick up it was so quiet "Thank you Severus." Two days later found Severus and Ron in a holding cell within the Ministry of Magic, the holding cells had not been damaged severely in the battle that had taken place and now they were the only two in the cells. The only people they had seen in two days had been the Aurors that brought them their food, but a week after arriving in their cells they came for Severus, they took him and he did not come back and Ron worried for his mentor, the man who had saved his life on more than once occasion. Ron sat back on his bunk and thought back to his first days at Hogwarts, the ride on the train and his meeting Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy, both would change his life forever. He sighed as he allowed his memories to come to the forefront of his mind… Ron groaned slightly as he made his way down the hall of the train, Fred and George had left him as soon as they had been out of sight of their mother. Ron huffed to himself as he considered the different compartments that lined the train car. He came to a compartment that had a single girl in it, her platinum blond hair hung to her shoulders and her skin was milky smooth; Ron mustered his courage and knocked once before sliding the door open and taking a step into the compartment. " Err hello I was wondering if you'd mind if I sat here." The girl looked up at his knock and fixed him with an intense stare that showed she had bright blue eyes. She looked him over in silence for a minute before giving him a curt nod and standing to her feet. Ron gave a smile as he hauled his trunk into the rack above the empty seat and turned to face his compartment mate. " I'm Daphne, Daphne Greengrass" she said with a soft voice as she sat back down and picked her book back up. " I'm Ron, Ron Weasley" he replied as he too took his seat. Daphne nodded her head and resumed her reading, leaving Ron to stare out the window and contemplate his near future. After about an hour of silence Daphne cleared her throat which caused Ron to look her way. " I was wondering if you've given any thought as to what house you'll be in." Ron smiled at this, "Well my whole family has been in Gryffindor so I imagine I'll go there." To his surprise though, Daphne wrinkled her nose and shook her head at him. "What it is?" he asked in confusion. Daphne sighed, "Nothing is wrong with Gryffindor per say, but if it were me, I would want to stand out from my family and be my own person, I mean each house has great qualities and each have less favorable as well." Ron nodded his head at her words but he wasn't sure where she was headed with this. " My mother was in Ravenclaw and my father was in Slytherin, my uncle was a Hufflepuff and my granddad was a Gryffindor. I would be happy with either Ravenclaw or Slytherin." Ron grunted in surprise at that last bit, "Slytherin? Really now..." He trailed off into silence at this. Daphne ignored his surprise, "Yes, Slytherin may have a lot of bad press, but really, every house has its' share of dark wizards and witches throughout history. Slytherin has some great qualities such