Before training. I wake up with a smirk on my face "Today is going to be fun" I tell myself. The light is leaking into the room from the gap between the curtains, making this dull room a little less bleak. The light of the atmosphere reminds me of my home back in district 2, warm and homely. But this place is anything but homely . Ironic isn't it? I roll over and out of the bed. My arms stretch themselves out and I yawn. Clove was over last night, we were planning how we were going to play today. And today we decided that we should give the competition a little scare . We aren't going to do anything drastic. Just maybe cause a fight or two. Nothing major. For us anyway. We were up until at least midnight planning shit. It was fun. I enjoy cloves company. She is evil and deceptive. I like that. My feet make their way over to the Capitol clothing filled cupboard. "Ugh, that's fucking putrid" I mutter to myself as I withdraw a pair of tangerine pants from the cupboard to throw them into the corner of the room. Eh, the avox can clean it later. Everything in this cupboard looks like someone vomited a disgusting rainbow over unaturally tightly woven and misfiguered clothes. Who In there right mind would wear it? I wonder back over to my bed and pick up the t-shirt and loose pants I had brought with me and put them on instead. I'm not wearing the Capitol clothing, even if it is only to breakfast. I think I would rather go nude. "Cato, hurry up. Breakfast is already being eaten" a hoarse voice snaps at me. Brutus. My mentor if you didn't already know. I don't like him, personally I think he is a jackass. But he does do his job well. "yeah give me a moment" I growl back through The closed door, splashing my face with some cold water before making my way to the eating quarters. Capitol food is very overrated. It's nice, I'll admit that. But back in district 2, you could survive a full day of training on a handful of nuts if you really desired. "Morning Enobaria" I chime as I enter. I don't mind Enobaria, her and my mother were close when she was alive, she is like my aunty I never had. So I actually try to respect her more than I respect Brutus. He is just a pure hearted dick. Actually people say that I remind them of him. "Good morning Cato…. Someone happy this morning, actually clove was pretty happy too" she replied giving me a mysterious look. "Where is she anyway?" I ask looking around, noticing her empty seat and her plate with a few crumbs on it. "She went to put on her training Clothes" Enobaria replied sinking her golden razor blades into some description of food. A pastry of some kind? I disregard the thought and grab an apple, biting into it. "Yeah, we decided that we are going to torment the other tributes today" I reply smugly. "Oh we did, did we?" in walks clove with her uniform on "I believe that was my idea?" she lowly grows, re-taking her seat. "Whatever" I reply shrugging my shoulders. So what if it was her idea. we both agreed. I finish off the remainder of my apple before pouring myself a cup of clear capitol water. Nothing like we had back home. Our water was often very murky and had a thick feeling when you were drinking it. But after a while it becomes unnoticeable. Until you have fresh, pristine Capitol water that is. I rise from my seat and walk back to my room. "Im done eating. im going to get changed" i mutter walking out of the quarters. "Hey wait up" Clove lunges forwards to me and walks with me back to the rooms. "So, i was thinking…What if we have a fight? you know, a fake one. It would be just like combat training for us, but to them it will make us look more intimidating than what we already are" She smirks at her idea. "that actually sounds like a really good idea." i have to agree with her for once. "Then they wont think that we will ally in the games." "Who said we were allies to begin with?" she smiled deviously at me. "Im just kidding with you" "good," i mumble back before walking into my room, and to my surprise she follows. "What are you doing?" i ask as she closes the door. "Oh come on. Surely your not scared to show a little skin" she pushes past me and sits on the bed. folding her legs beneath her and resting her face in her petite palms. "Whatever" i shrug again and walk over to the other cupboard with the set training clothes in them. I strip myself of my top and look over at clove. i throw the dirty t-shirt at her face and hit her on queue. I poke my tongue out at her as she shoots me daggers. "dont act like you dont like what you see" i reply turning to her and raising my arms shoulder height, displaying my body. "Well…" she mouths out before i see something that i didnt expect to see. At all. She is Blushing. Clove, the sadistic ruthless killer is blushing. "aww, are you blushing?" i ask sarcastically before pulling down my pants and throwing them at her too. She fumbles to catch them, her face going even brighter. "Fuck off Cato, your just ho- i mean im just hot" she blurts out quickly, i cant help myself but laugh. "Asshole. hurry up and get changed, we haven't got all day" "Calm down, look I nearly have my clothes on ok?" and with that I pull the training pants on and search for the top which I may or may not have misplaced yesterday. "Can you see my shirt anywhere?" I ask throwing some shit out of the road. "Your kidding me? You lost your shirt…." she says like it is the most stupidist thing in the world. "Yeah so…." I pan the room as she gets up and starts looking. Then I see it. "Look, your big butt was hiding it" I tease walking over to where she was sitting, my shirt slightly crumpled underneath it. "Your such an ass Cato, in glad that I am killing you in a few days." After she said that the air was so thick you could cut the tension with a knife. "Yeah" I finally reply and pull my shirt over my head. "We should get going, I don't want that Atala chick on our asses." I say before going over to the bathroom to run some more cold water over my face. "I wish I could read her mind right now" i say silently. I glance back over to her and she is now looking out of the window. She is truly beautiful, one of te most physically attractive people I have ever met. But I have to push all thoughts like that out of my head. I can't let her stop me from winning my games. I just can't Training When we arrive at training clove and I smirk at each other before taking a spot on the floor a far distance from each other. If we don't want the tributes to be suspicious then we need to distance our selves,for now. We plan to make our little 'fight' scene happen in the lunch break. If we fought when we were actually training, then we would be punished from the guards and trainers. Atleast in the lunch break, Seneca will still be looking but it is somewhat Unsupervised. We could almost get away with murder. the guards and trainers are eating in a separate are and the game makers are above us, always observing. We await for the remainder of the tributes to pile in. Clove occasionally throwing me funny looks when a certain tribute she wouldn't like walks in. For example, when glimmer entered the center Clove gave me a death stare flicking her eyes from me to her. Its Obvious that Clove doesnt like her, i dont mind her. She ir pretty attractive, but she seems utterly hopeless from what i have seen. "Ok tributes listen up, if you can't hear me then tough" Atala, the head trainer commands us. "Today you will all have to go to the survival skills section for at least half of an hour. We actually want everyone to have a decent chance" She scans the crowd of 24 looking at each and everyone of us. "I suggest using your time wisely…. Dismissed" and with that we are all on our feet and spreading throughout the training center floor. "Lets get these fucking survival skills over and done with know" Clove struts over and lowly growls "Sounds good, why do we even need it? we have been trained in this for years" "Dont argue Cato, just shut up and tie some fucking knots" "Whatever" i shrug and walk to the other section of the survival skills station. I give the trainer a look to leave me alone, and she happily agrees. i tie some knots, make a fire and identify some berries before the trainer comes over. "Your compulsory 30 minutes up, you can go about your business now." she mutters before walking over to tell clove the same thing. I pass her and classically smirk. "See you in 2 hours" "Yeah, see you when im attacking you" she smirks back and walks over to the knife station. Classic. I make my way over to the weights and do some of them, not pushing myself too far. I notice the boy from 6 looking at me, so i put more weight on a lift it easily. He seemed intimidated and ran off to the camouflage station. After the first 2 hour session is over, we make our way into the eating room. Clove follows me from a distance a I line up in the cafeteria styled room. She pushes in front of the district 7 pair snickering as she slots herself behind me. She nudges me with her knees discreetly. I know what she is thinking and I turn around "Not yet" I growl so low I'm not even sure if she heard it. I get my food and walk off to a table in the middle of the room. Glimmer and marvel take a seat on the table sitting across from me "Cato right?" Asks the one I know as Marvel. "Your kidding right? Yes I am Cato, and I'm guessing that you want to set up to be allies?" I ask flatly, looking down at my plate. "It's settled then" Glimmer chimes and moves to sit next to me, she flips her golden locks and giggles. "I think this is going to be a great partnership Cato" "Your in my seat." Says a very flat stern voice, we all turn to see clove staring at glimmer. She doesn't move at all. "Your in, my seat. Move" she repeats again. Glimmer stands up and walks back over to the other side, giving clove an obvious snarl and shoulders her as she walks past. And Im pretty sure that Clove mutters the word "Slut" as she sits down next to me. I give her a little kick under the table. Signaling her that it is time. "Ok, so I'm thinking that we kill everyone at the bloodbath then it's every tribute for themselves" I suggest purposely taking cloves fork and using it, giving her something to start off the argument. They all nod in sync before Clove speaks up. "That's my fork you arse" she hisses as I put the food into my mouth. "Oh boo hoo, just get another one." "Cato,