Hi, all. I'm taking a short hiatus from Shadowed Horizon for the time being, but don't worry, it won't be for very long. So to avoid feeling completely guilty for neglecting those of you who have been so very supportive, I have decided – very bravely, I think – to post my version of Midnight Sun. I started writing this in 2010, but have never been quiet brave enough to do anything with it. The positive reviews from those of you that have taken the time and bothered to comment on Shadowed Horizon , have prompted me to put it out for public review…I am very nervous about this, as writing from Edward Cullen's perspective, versus Renesmee Cullen's perspective, is a very different undertaking and I may have completely screwed it up. This character is so angst riddled, my stomach is in knots just thinking about it. I have picked up, naturally, from where Stephanie left off and created chapter thirteen as my beginning. I really hope that I've remembered to include everything in and that I've got all my facts right. Have a read; let me know what you think…the good, the bad and the ugly…any comment that you may have, no matter how small. Every review is important to me. Thanks T MIDNIGHT SUN 2.0 ~ CHAPTER THIRTEEN ~ CONFRONTATION As the distance between us grew; the throbbing ache in my hand intensified, as if it were trying to draw me back to her – an irresistible force I fought against as zealously as I did the lust for her blood. The risk was still too great…I couldn't allow myself the intimacy I so feverishly desired, despite the uncomplicated pleasure that one simple touch had created – despite the ease in which that touch had been received… I steered my thoughts away from that slippery slope – the temptation was overwhelming already without the excuses I was trying to justify to myself – again! Bella was safe in her home – her father would arrive momentarily and she would be safer for it. If only I could say the same of myself. My perspective – so dangerously warped and slanted when close to Bella – began to clear as I drove home. I could now take a figurative step back and look at my reckless decision today in the cafeteria from a more impartial point of view. From the perspective in which my family viewed my choice and expected me to behave. At the time, I hadn't given Emmett's warning much credence; euphoria had still run through my parched veins like irrigated joy. But I was away from Bella for the moment and I had to review his words now; the knowledge of that sent my mood into a nosedive. Way to keep your mouth shut, kid. Rosalie wants to rip out your tongue. How would he react if he knew Rosalie's true motivations? If he suspected that her objections to my honesty and revelations with Bella was not simply over the protection of our family and the anonymity we so fervently guarded, but over her own shallow designs? I would never intentionally inflict emotional harm on my brother, nor – even though her blatant hubris and spite incensed me to the point of madness – would I use such a shamefully petty emotion against Rosalie… unless she forced me hand. I was under no misapprehension that she planned to begin with her verbal tongue lashing as soon as I set foot through that door. There would be repercussions for my loose tongue today…her wrath – so easily stirred – was difficult to pacify once incited. And as easily as I acknowledged that I was entirely deserved of their reproach – I really ought to have discussed my choice of full disclosure with them – I knew Bella…and they didn't. She would not betray us – she would not betray me . I wondered if having one's tongue ripped out – if one was a vampire – would hurt very much? Shaking the stupid thought from my head, I shelved Rosalie's anticipated ire for the moment and evaluated how the rest of my family would respond to my… confessional . Alice? She wouldn't be a concern – although, I had to consider her reaction from another angle. The more I divulged to Bella, the more eager Alice would be to meet her. That was dilemma in its own right. Emmett? Despite Rosalie's fury, he would be gladder – for my sake – that Bella knew about us. Nothing fazed him, not even the certain knowledge that a human knew he was a vampire – unequivocally . Carlisle and Esme? They would be dually absorbed: both pleased and guarded. My mother's despairing and my father's regret had weighed heavily on their shoulders for many decades. Perhaps now, with this revelation, they would be more at ease…though the situation was by no means clear cut. Jasper? He would prove to be a more contentious sell. He was no happier with me than Rosalie was. Although, unlike with my saving of Bella weeks before, Emmett had not mentioned Jasper when warning me of what awaited me. Certainly this was a more damning occurrence then my impromptu rescue? They had all heard it for themselves, and yet, Rosalie's anger had been the more intense…Jasper's had certainly drawn my attention, but he seemed almost – accepting ? It was strange – perhaps Alice had convinced him. The thought had me grinding my teeth again – I didn't want to think about her visions right now. Turning into our driveway, I pushed aside my weak validations and tried – once again – to see it from their outlook. It wasn't that I didn't understand their consternation, I did, and under any other circumstances – circumstances that did not include being hopelessly in love with a human – I would have agreed unequivocally with them and if necessary, taken the steps needed to neutralize the threat. But this wasn't a threat to our family's well-being and unremitting ambiguity; this was Bella…wonderful, sweet, loyal, trusting…superlative Bella. I would naturally play it all down, as I had before. I would laugh and scoff at their fears, agreeing that whilst Bella was a teenage girl, she was a newcomer, a stranger to the closely-knit community of Forks. I would convince them, that she had no possible goal to achieve in spreading a parable about vampires living amongst humans. It would be simple to convince them that Bella posed no threat to our habitation within the town. There was no need for unwarranted panic or unjustified corrective measures. I would lie through my teeth if necessary…there wouldn't be anything I wouldn't say to convince them. I knew I was fooling myself if I thought that my flimsy excuse would appease Rosalie's need for reprisal. None of us would condone her attempt to silence Bella Swan in the way she desired, so her naturally vindictive streak would have to choose another avenue to satisfy her hankering for retribution. I thought fleetingly of my prized Vanquish. Would I come across it as if drove up to the house; a smoldering, mangled piece of wreckage in the driveway? Knowing Rosalie, she would not leave it in an obvious place, no, she would be aiming for maximum affect. It would probably be strewn like macabre confetti all over my room; just twisted, tiny bits of metal, leather and glass. With as much as I knew that this was not a danger, I would do; not only what was expected of me, but also, the right thing and apologize for my transgression. I frowned at the word. I didn't really feel that I had done anything wrong…not really, but I would still try to make amends to the best of my ability, without compromising what I had already achieved. I did feel guilty for leaving the rest of them alone with Rosalie…perhaps if I apologized first, the backlash wouldn't be as severe or protracted? Right, Edward… The moon had more chance of falling out of orbit than that had of happening. I was in no rush as I maneuvered up the perilous pathway leading to our house with easy rotations of my wrist on the wheel; my mind wandered back to Bella – an automatic impulse, it now seemed – everything was attuned to her…my center of gravity had realigned, my polarity shifted…she was my true north now. I felt almost giddy with joy as I allowed the memories of today's interactions to filter through and surround my conscious, sweeping away the unpleasant reality of what awaited me in my home. Just thinking about her small reactions – reactions that really shouldn't have concerned her in my company – made me smile until it felt as if my unyielding face would splinter beneath the delight. I even allowed – a rare occurrence – to think back to the satisfaction I had garnered from watching Mike Newton flail about like a fish out of water. Firstly, with the racquet smacking him – oh, how I had wished it were the open palm of my hand – on the head, then at Bella's acidic retort for him to mind his own damn business. Her good-natured patience with him was wearing thin…the joyful grin plastered over my features shifted to pure glee at this knowledge. I had almost wanted him to continue pushing her…Bella's temper was slow to the boil, but once it was bubbling, quick to spill over. Perhaps next time, she would deliberately hit him with her weapon of choice… I was replaying the flushed features of her enraged face in my mind with more satisfaction that was acceptable when the ear-splitting screech ricocheted through the quiet of the dark forest. There was no need for my mind to search through the house to find the source of the infuriated shriek; its lilting resonances were indicative of only one person: Alice! It would seem as though Rosalie wasn't going to wait for me to arrive before she began venting her spleen. Gunning the engine, I focused on the jumble of thoughts permeating from my home: shock, anger, dismay…fear, uncertainty, disbelief; each spoke more clearly than any words uttered. I had underestimated the cornucopia of confusion and angst from my family over this…I ignored the others for the moment and made Alice's eyes, my own. She sat dead still, her tiny body clenched rigidly on the long sofa in the main lounge. With all the anger her mind conjured, her primary concern was still me, how this would affect me… how this would affect us . The selfless anxieties humbled me as I raced towards the top of the driveway. " Rosalie, stop it! I recognize that you're angry with Edward, and yes, you're right, he should have discussed this with us before he told Bella, but he didn't plan on this happening. There was nothing deliberate or calculating about it. You know he wanted to keep Bella in the dark and at arm's length for as long as possible. Edward didn't intentionally expose us. He would never do that. Why are you acting this way?" The knowledge I harbored of her gall gave me greater insight as to why and where her rage stemmed from…Alice was truly bewildered beneath her own anger as to why she was behaving so truculently. Rosalie's porcelain face was poisonously spoiled by her harsh sneer as she paced with agitated, staccato stomps across the lounge where the rest of my edgy family had gathered. " You know full well why I'm reacting this way, Alice. For once, stop defending him. He knows how harsh the penalty is for contravening the rules. He knows that we have to be more careful, as we stand to lose so much more than any other of our kind. All of this Edward knows , and yet he still continues to happily reveal our secrets