Hello lovely readers! So this was my first entry to the Straight Thru the Heart Fics Contest. This one didn't place, but I'm happy to say my other story, Beauty and a Heartbeat, won Matchmaker Award! Whoooo! *cue internal happy prancing* Anyway, this story can be seen as a what-if to chapter 11 of Endgame, which was when Edward debated on calling Bella to talk to her at the hotel balcony during their CTSO conference. What would have happened if Bella and Edward did meet at the balcony and they had the talk? Scintilla was meant to explore that what-if, but as a separate story altogether. Speaking of the CTSO conference, this is basically the setting of this entire fic. I was inspired by The Afters "Falling into Place." I may post an EPOV of Scintilla, but that's entirely up to you. Enjoy! Side note: HOSA = Health Occupations Students of America, CTSO = Career Technology Student Organization I was on the edge of a distant world A shattered life with nowhere left to turn to Till I saw you there And everything I thought had gone to waste Is falling into place ~ Falling into Place (The Afters) The night is still. My eyes are closed, though I can't seem to fall asleep. I should be. It has been a grueling day and my brain is exhausted. I'm tired. I need some rest. I have to wake up in about seven hours to get ready for the HOSA competition's award ceremony. I'd be dozing off if I don't get at least six hours of sleep. I groan, opening my eyes. I can't sleep. I angle my head so I can look at the bedside clock. 12:35 A.M. Late, but not too late. I'll be fine as long as I go to sleep by around 1:35. Having my own hotel room this year is amazing. Every year, CTSO conferences insist on competitors to share hotel rooms with their club members. Last year, for my first HOSA conference during my high school junior year, I shared a room with Angela, Emily, and Jane. Competitors are also banned from exiting their rooms after midnight. This year, the rules changed. Every competitor has their own room, making the cost to attend the conference more expensive altogether. Plus, competitors are allowed to go to other people's rooms at nighttime, just as long as the rooms are on the same floor. A higher cost to attend the conference is worth following these new lenient rules. Not only do I get my own room, but since my close friend Angela is a couple of rooms away, I can visit her. But she's asleep now and I don't want to wake her up. Next to the clock, I grab my purple iPod Nano and black earphones. I plug the earphones in the iPod and, getting up from the bed, shove the two items into the back pocket of my pajama bottoms. Maybe some fresh air will do me some good. Despite the cool air provided from the room's air conditioner, maybe going outside will help. I slip my feet into my black bunny fuzzy slippers and walk the few feet to the glass doorway leading to the room's balcony. I slide the glass door open, slightly shivering at the sudden rush of the chilly February night air. Closing the door behind me, I take a few steps forward until I reach the railing. I sigh, resting my arms on the top of the steel railing. This is nice. The air is nice. The scenery in front of me is nice. It's not every day I see how the city looks like at night from several feet up high. I rarely take notice of all the lights illuminating the entire city. Many take for granted of the simple beauty that exists if one looks hard enough. "Bella?" I hear a familiar voice say. I turn my head. To my left, I see Edward Cullen standing at the balcony of his hotel room. Oh right. I forgot that our rooms are next to each other. My room is located at the end of the floor's hall. I have no idea how I didn't notice him when I came out. He's wearing a green Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles t-shirt, navy blue pajama bottoms, and simple blue slippers. His bronze hair is a tousled mess on his head. No matter how many times he tries to fix his hair, it still winds up being a mess. But messy hair suits him. It makes him look more of the adorable nerd he is. "Hi." I withhold the blush threatening to rise on my cheeks. For the last couple of months, I may have developed a tiny crush on Edward. He doesn't know that, and I plan to keep it that way. My crush is most likely a phase. I'll probably get over it by the end of the school year. There are three months left until graduation. Three months left until we go our separate ways. I can go three more months until we say goodbye and move on with our lives. I can discard these feelings and wait until I meet Mr. Right. "Can't sleep?" he asks. He moves until his arms rests on the railing to my immediate left. I copy his movement until we're facing each other. I nod. "Thought I'd come outside and see if the cold will make me fall asleep." "Isn't your room cold?" "It's not enough." "Ah." He gives me a small smile. "It's beautiful, isn't it? I can't get enough of the view from up here." "Same here. It's picture-perfect. So how long were you standing there?" "A few minutes. I was gathering my thoughts." "What did you think about?" "Yesterday. What'll happen today. I wonder if I'll place." "You never know. Placing first, second, or third is a dream for everyone. Being first doesn't matter. Place in the top three, you go to states no matter what. You studied hard, didn't you?" "Of course." He points to his head. "I didn't pull Saturday all-nighters for nothing." "Med math was made for you." "And med terms was made for you." "I guess so." I trail my pointer finger along the surface of the railing. "Is that all you thought about?" He shakes his head. "I thought about other things." "Like?" "School. Life." "Define life." "How I'm living. If I'm living the right way and living in all the moments." "Hmmm… you're living in a moment right now." "I guess I am." We stare at each other in thoughtful silence for a minute. I like being around Edward. He makes me feel calm and collected. I worry less when he's with me. Even though we're not the closest of friends, I sometimes feel as if I've known him for years. For the two years I've known him, he has grown into a wonderful person. Academically, we're on the same level. My nerdy jokes don't faze him. He's my ideal crush. But what about Emmett? I bite the inside of my cheek. Now is not the right time to think about Emmett. I came to the CTSO conference to be away from reality. Reality involves Emmett. I'm not ready to return to that reality yet. Edward breaks the silence. "Bella?" "Yeah?" "Getting sleepy yet?" "Not really." I let out a sigh. "Can I ask you something?" "Sure." "Do you know what the red string of fate is?" He gazes at me with a confused expression. "Never heard of it." "It's a Chinese/Japanese thing." "What is it?" "Well… according to Asian mythology, it's an invisible red string tied around the finger of two people destined to meet together. The string can stretch, tangle, be messed up in any way, but it can never be broken. It's the equivalence to soulmates." "So it's like meant to be." "Exactly." "Why did you mention that?" I shrug. "You mentioned how you thought about life and I thought about that. Love is a big part of life. While people wonder who their meant to be is, I think about who's on the other end of my red string." He grins. "You never know. Maybe you've already met that person." "Maybe. Or maybe's he's still a stranger I'm waiting to meet." I look away from him and gaze wistfully at the night sky. "That myth makes me believe love exists for everyone. Especially for single, hopeless romantics like me." "You're not hopeless. And you won't be single forever." I look back down and see him extend an arm across the railing. "Hold my hand." "What?" "Just do it." Curious, I do what he says. He squeezes my hand. The warmth of his skin puts me at ease. "I wish we didn't have our balconies separating us." "I agree." "You'll find someone. Out of the millions of people in this world, your meant to be is out there somewhere, waiting to meet you." "Ditto." "That's all you got?" I laugh. "Fine. I believe that someone is on the end of your red string. Whoever she is, she'll be a lucky girl. It's strange though. Sometimes I feel like everyone but me knows who's on the end of my red string, but they just don't tell me." "What makes you think that?" "I dunno. No matter how much I believe in the idea of being destined to be with someone, I'm scared I may never get to meet that person. What if I live the rest of my life with a guy that's not my meant to be? Does that mean I don't get to meet my meant to be until the afterlife? It's crazy." "Hey. Don't think that way." His eyes soften. "It wouldn't be destiny if the two people will never meet each other. Destiny equals true love." He squeezes my hand again. "Can I tell you something?" "Anything. The night is still young." "What if the person on the end of your red string is someone you did know? Someone that you're close to?" "I'd be happy." My thumb strokes his knuckles. "There'd be no more intros to suffer through." "But… what if that person is someone right in front of you? My heart skips a beat. Memories of Emmett rush through my head. Edward's words are describing exactly what Emmett means to me. I gulp. I don't want to remember the past right now. "What are you saying, Edward? Are you saying you've found your meant to be?" "Yes." His hand grip mine tighter. "It's you." Butterflies flutter around in my stomach. He isn't saying what I think he's saying, is he? "Isabella Swan, I'm in love with you." He is. "It's hard not to have feelings for you. I mean, look at you. You're an amazing girl. You understand me and the world better than anyone else I know. You see things the opposite of what others think. You're shy, but once you open up, you become this cool, random girl I can't get enough of. I wonder why no boy has swept you off your feet yet." There was. That blew up in my face. "I-I-" I stutter out. "It's okay, Bella. I don't expect you to return my feelings. I've been keeping this a secret for so long. I'm tired of treating you as a friend. I want more than that. When I saw you appear at your balcony, I knew that tonight had to be the night to tell you. I don't know if we'll ever have a moment like this to make my confession. I didn't want to waste more time." Reluctantly, I pull my hand away from him. "Edward, I… I'm overwhelmed. I had no idea you felt that way." I take a small step back. "How long have you had feelings for me?" "Since October." He looks at me sheepishly. "Remember the debate we did for English?" "How can I forget?" He was