Hello lovely readers! So this is my second entry for the Straight thru the Heart Fics Contest, and I'm happy to say BAAH won a special award! It's the Matchmaker Award. Whoooooo. *throws confetti in the air* I was hoping there'd be more entries with non-canon ships (because non-canon shippings make the world go round), but the entries were still amazing nonetheless. I'm still surprised that reviewers on the contest page who reviewed this loved it. I thought I was going insane when I thought "Eh, another entry wouldn't hurt" after I sent Scintilla. For a second entry, I wanted to go full-on angst, which was how BAAH came to be. My obsession with Vocaloids was my main inspiration. If you'd like, before reading the story, listen to Crack and Love Light by Hatsune Miku. They are two of my favorite dark append songs from Miku. Enjoy! The world is a cruel place. Thunder rumbles somewhere in the distance. A few raindrops fall from the gray-hued sky. The slow drizzle quickly turns to a steady downpour. I curse to myself. Just my luck not to have an umbrella. Puddles appear on the sidewalk. I put the hoodie on of my jacket. It's all I have for now. The rain continues. The tears that I held back now flow freely down my cheeks. At least the sky decided to cry with me. I should have known. I should have known better than to give my whole heart to him. What was the point in trusting him in the first place? He wanted to be with me. I let myself fall for him. My vision blurs. My clothes are soaked. Even if I run, there is no point. No matter where I go, my misery will follow. I tilt my head up. I scream. Louder and louder. I scream until my voice grows hoarse. Was one year not enough for him to love me? More tears fall. I must go, or else I'll get pneumonia. In an instant, I notice there are no more raindrops falling on my head. I turn my head. A blonde-haired boy with sky blue eyes holds an umbrella above our heads. "Rosalie," he says. "Jasper." He stares at my drenched body. "Walk with me?" I nod. We walk together, side by side. I don't speak. Neither does he. The silence makes my sorrow slightly fade away. "Where do you live?" he asks a couple of minutes later. "Nearby." We walk until we reach an intersection. I point to the sign that shows the name of the street where my house is on. We turn and walk along that street. We finally reach my house. There are no cars in the driveway. Good. My parents aren't home yet. I have time to mask away my foul mood. "Thank you," I tell him. I'm grateful. He could have asked why I'm sad, but he didn't. That is what I like about Jasper. He knows how to act around people when they face certain emotions. He follows me to the door. "I'll see you on Monday." "Okay." I reach inside the pocket of my jeans and pull out the house keys. I unlock the door. I step inside and, just as I'm about to close the door, I see him give me a small wave. I wave back. My mouth curves into a small smile. When he leaves, I close the door. I lean back and collapse on the floor. The tears return. ~:~ Love is a wildfire. It burns you from the inside out. Thirty minutes later, those are the only words I have on the page. This should be easy. I have pages and pages of nothing but words put together like this. The words are puzzle pieces; some fit together seamlessly, but there isn't a complete picture. I flip to a random page, reading the first line. Trapped in a spider web of lies, I tangle myself within. Then to the page beforehand. We flow like water, but our bond is thicker than blood. I close my red spiral notebook. That is enough writing for tonight. Crawling off the bed, I throw my pen back in my small cup of pens and pencils and place my notebook back on my bookshelf, squeezed between two David Levithan novels. I turn around. I look at the wall behind my computer station. My eyes land on the photo of us during prom. We were happy. My former self would be in disbelief if she knew what we have become. She would probably be laughing, joking that the only way we would break up is if someone paid us a million dollars to do so. You'll get through this. Has it just been twenty hours ago that the inevitable had happened? It's difficult to believe that he is no longer mine. No tears fall. Instead, my body burns from rage. I've cried enough last night. My mind has locked away any trace of sadness involving him. I'll be okay. Eventually. For now, I'd rather be angry than wallow myself in self-pity. ~:~ Jasper doesn't say mention anything about Saturday. When I enter our Psychology 100 class on Monday morning, I see him sitting casually on his seat, glued to the screen of his iPhone. I take my seat next to him, setting my backpack and black hydroflask on the table's wooden surface. Staring straight ahead, I wait patiently for Mr. Banner to begin class. We sit there in silence. The silence remains until class begins. It lingers for the next 75 minutes. By the time Mr. Banner ends class, I wonder if Jasper has already forgotten about what happened. I gather my things. He does the same. We look up at the same time. Our eyes meet. Even without words, I sense his eyes giving me a message. You'll be okay. That is what his blue irises seem to be saying. We head to the door. Outside the room, he finally speaks. "See you Wednesday," he murmurs. I nod, holding my hydroflask tighter. "See you then." We walk away in opposite directions. His wordless gaze is ingrained in my head. He hasn't forgotten. ~:~ The aroma of coffee fills my nose at the college campus's Starbucks. I'm sitting on a two-seater table next to the glass windows of the front entrance. A half-empty Venti chai tea latte is next to my MacBook Pro. If promises are made to be broken, why do we still make promises? Promises bind you, engulfs you, maybe suffocates you until you are desperate to break free. It was the first line I typed in my word document labeled "Heartstrings x Infinity." This is where I type words that are in my head whenever I'm at school. Once I'm at home, I transfer the day's phrases into the notebook. The campus Starbucks is the first place I go when I need alone time. After daily afternoons and/or nights spent in Bella and Alice's or Emmett and Jasper's dorm, I need some time for myself. There are days when I'm dependent on the presence of my friends and days when I just want to be alone. "Mind if I sit here?" a familiar southern voice asks. I look up from my laptop screen. Jasper is there, one strap of his backpack resting on one of his shoulders, a Grande mocha frappe in hand. I quickly glance at the screen. 1:15. His next class must not start for another hour or so. "Sure." The chair's legs scrape along the floor's tiles. He unzips his backpack, taking out his binder. He places the bag on the floor and his drink on the table, then takes a seat. My eyes scan the room. At this hour, the coffee shop is getting packed. There are no more seats available for students who want to be here alone. I look back to him. Our eyes meet. We don't speak, though there is a hint of a smile forming on his face. "What?" I ask. He shakes his head. "Nothing." He rips open the paper wrapping of his straw, dipping the long green plastic tube into his drink. He takes a sip. It has been two weeks since he found me during that rainy day. He hasn't spoken a word about that Saturday. Will he bring it up? I wouldn't be surprised if he did. He must have questions about why he saw me like that: drenched, miserable, and hopeless. At this point, I'm two out of three of those words. He doesn't talk any more. So we sit here, surrounded by a flurry of voices, an unrecognizable tension between us. I type on my laptop, sneaking glances at him every now and then. His hands are scribbling every now and then on a worksheet. He is probably doing homework for one of his classes. Nearly an hour passes when I hear the sound of his binder closing. I glance at him again and watch as he shoves his binder back in his bag. He has also finished his drink. He pushes the chair back. "Thank you for letting me sit with you." I smile. "No problem." Like most strangers, he didn't attempt to make light talk with me. But like that Saturday, the silence was what I needed. His presence alone left a calming effect while I juggled between working on an English paper and typing down words that wanted to escape my mind. "See you in Psych?" "Yeah." He nods, throws away his empty plastic cup, and walks out the glass door. Strange. I don't think I've ever met a man with very few words quite like Jasper. ~:~ I see him. He is a few feet away from me. He is with her, laughing at something she said. What are the chances of running into him on the way to class? This is a huge college campus. The chances of running into a familiar face is slim. The chances of running into the man I have the least desire of seeing should be at a lesser margin. I walk past them, treating the lovebirds as if they are nothing but another college couple. If it's easy for him to say "we're through," then it should be easy for me to treat him like he is nothing to me. "I love you," I hear her tell him. My resolve breaks. I pause in my footsteps, still within earshot. "I love you too," he answers. My heart cracks just a little more. From the corner of my eye, I see him lean down to kiss her. I let out a raspy breath when their lips make contact. It still hurts. The memory of that rainy day flashes back in my mind. "It should have been her." ~:~ Candlelight illuminates my room. Raindrops pelt against my bedroom window. For some reason, today's rainy weather was enough to knock away the power. Luckily, I had a few spare candles around. Unluckily, those candles were part of his gift for my 18th birthday. Brown to blue, there is a flicker of a flame when two polar opposites combine. I'm writing again. Three weeks has passed. The hurt still hasn't gone away. What have you done to me? Photos of us are no longer on the wall. Every photo of us is somewhere in my drawer, underneath sweatshirts and jeans. Maybe if I keep them there, I would gradually forget where I had put them until I forget about him entirely. My friends are trying to help. Bella bought me another notebook. Alice took me shopping. Emmett gave me a $50 Starbucks gift card. They did their best, but their actions barely made a dent to get rid of my negative emotions. A flame I once wished to disappear has now spiraled out of control. My phone vibrates. Putting my pen down, I grab my phone and unplug it from its charger. It's a text from him.