Summary: "He knew everything there was about me. From enemies to rivals to being in a relationship to finally being friends, we explored various stages of what we had between us." For five years, Bella and Edward had a complicated relationship. But what happens when one fateful day, the two friends encounter each other and explore what it means to go beyond friendship, yet again? Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. Never have, never will. If I did, Twilight would be going in a whole different direction… Heeeey! So this was originally a personal narrative that I did for my expository writing class as a unit paper. Got a 98/100 for it. *cue celebratory happy dance* Initially, it was about 4 pages long and my teacher thought it was too long, so I ended up fitting the PN barely in 3 pages. I thought about turning it into a full O/S, with more dialogue, more details, and a "completed" sort of ending. This was part of the 3rd Annual Fandom for LLS and though I was able to post it after the first week of December 2014, I was busy with schoolwork (senior project, applying for college and scholarships, regular schoolwork [AP History... I love history, but it lives up to the name of its AP version], etc). Now that I have the time, I'm posting this before I forget to do so again. Enjoy! Sometimes, I think of myself as a box. Whether or not you open or close a box, something is bound to happen. Keep a box closed and you choose to evade consequences and keep secrets unknown, the way it's supposed to be on several occasions. Dare to open a box and you choose to venture into an unknown and explore another world outside your own. Five years ago, there was a boy that chose to open a box and explore its contents. The boy was my enemy, rival, pretend brother, boyfriend, and close friend. But, above all, he was my one and only rival. His name was Edward Cullen. Edward knew how to tease, irritate, and annoy the living crap out of me. He'd find any opportunity to point out a flaw that described me, but twist it in a way that would get a rise out of me. Because of that, we got into arguments and everyone in middle school got used to the fact that I couldn't stand to be in the same room as him, let alone be in any close proximity as him. "Fatty." I was a bit chubby for an 11-year-old. "Four eyes." I was one of the few kids in the classes I shared with Edward that wore glasses. "Smart ass." I was dubbed one of the smarter kids in sixth grade. "Freak." I wasn't exactly one of the pretty girls that boys would swarm around. Those were a few of the repetitive name-calling he used. It didn't help he was the first boy I met that was a total playboy (he went out with a lot of girls). But I tolerated our arguments, and along the way, I developed a respect for who Edward was. In seventh grade, I learned we had a few things we had in common. We both loved video games. We both loved music. And we both knew the in's and out's of Pokemon, although I didn't use cheats like most guys would do. By the end of seventh grade, we formed an inexplicable bond I didn't have with my other friends. We relied on each other whenever we had something plaguing our minds. During the summer before eighth grade, I discovered a side of Edward I didn't see before. Outside his loud, carefree, albeit lazy personality I was used to seeing in school, I learned he had a vulnerable, intelligent side. It was a part of him he didn't like showing to classmates, so I felt confused to why he'd reveal that side of him to me. I ended up having a crush on Edward a few weeks before I was slated to move to Arizona during fall break. I didn't intend for it to happen, and I panicked with the realization that I had feelings for a guy my friends warned me to never fall for. Maybe it was how Edward fell head over heels on a quiet girl named Angela. I couldn't help but feel the tiny pangs of jealousy whenever he brought up the subject of Angela. But even if Edward felt the same way for me, there was no way we could survive a long-distance relationship. There were miles between Washington and Arizona and we wouldn't be able to have a lot of time to meet up in between. During fall break, I couldn't control my feelings much longer. The couple of years I knew him made me comprehend how much I valued Edward as a friend. He was more than that. In a few short months, he became my vent buddy, the first person I'd go to if I had any problems. I was scared when I texted Edward and told him that I liked him. But, low and behold, he felt the same way too. We pursued a long-distance, secret relationship, but our feelings progressed too hard and too fast. In four days, Edward thought it was best if we remained friends and hoped that, if we were in a better situation, we could try again. We broke up, and, for the next two years, he remained as one of my few friends in Forks that I kept in contact in during my time in Phoenix. Despite our close friendship, I didn't want to erase my term of Edward as a rival. Even though I was miles away from him, I couldn't break my habit of trying to be better than him. While he excelled in music, I excelled in academics. He had his guitar, I had my brain. He'd tell me countless times that he wished to be like me, but a deeper part of me longed to to be as musically talented as him. I wanted to be known more than just having brains. Eventually, by high school, when he told me that he finally tapped into his intelligent self, I found my motivation to be smarter than I already was. In tenth grade, I moved back to Forks. Long story short, my parents didn't like living in Phoenix (mom constantly complained about the heat), missed living in the cool, albeit rainy, climate in Forks, and found a house a few blocks away from where we used to live. Beforehand, Edward was the first person I told about the good news. He was ecstatic about seeing me again in a matter of months and confessed his love for me in our Facebook chat. I was stunned and didn't know how to respond. I was still heartbroken about my Arizona crush, Mike Newton, who moved to New York after the end of my freshman year. I didn't want to admit to Edward that I lost feelings for him while in Phoenix. Afraid to be the heart breaker, I told Edward I needed time and space to process his feelings for me. The time and space molded into weeks of avoiding talking to Edward. Even when I transferred into Forks High did I hope I wouldn't have to run into him. I didn't want to face his tantalizing emerald orbs that would always glint with mischievous. I still ended up running into him a couple of times in the first couple of weeks that I was in Forks High. We caught up for a while, and not once did he mention anything about that night in July. We fell back in our old teasing habits in those two days I got to see him. There were other things that happened between Edward and I that year. It didn't take me until April of tenth grade for me to realize that irrational decisions would be the trigger for him to physically distance himself away from me. It was after school when I was talking with Emmett, a friend of mine that I met in Forks High, in the grassy field outside the music building. I didn't want to go home yet and I enjoyed hanging out with Emmett. We talked about his girlfriend Rosalie, who happened to be one of my Arizona friends and who he began a long-distance relationship with (although they did meet once in last December, thanks to Cynthia). The conversation shifted to Edward, which made me nervous since he knew about my obvious feelings for Cookie. My best friend, Alice, and I came up with the nickname for Edward to describe his personality: appealing and attractive on the outside, soft and sweet in the inside. "So... ready to talk to him?" Emmett asked, a mischievous expression on his face. Edward was in the piano room, and he promised he'd get me to talk to Edward since it was a while that we last had a face-to-face conversation. I nodded, releasing a tense breath. "Yeah. I think it's time." "Okay." Emmett patted my shoulder. "Be right back. Stay put." "Don't worry. Not like I'm going anywhere." "You never know." He poked me on my side and, laughing at my flinching expression, disappeared into the piano room. I felt my face burn and darted behind a tree. A million thoughts raced through my mind, scrolling though possibilities to how our encounter will play out. I was lost in my thoughts that I didn't notice Emmett return with Edward. "Hi Bella." I jolted at Edward's voice. I turned around and fought an urge to swoon. He looked the same since the last time I saw him. Messy penny-colored hair. Addictive green eyes. A warm, enticing smile, which he gave me as he walked closer. "H-Hi," I stuttered out. I missed that smile. There were times I felt he reserved it for me a long time ago. It was similar to the smirk he'd wear in middle school after satisfaction of irritating me. Now, I see it as a regular smile, exactly what he gives to other people. I felt poignant. He didn't call me Bel, a nickname he used to call me all the time in our internet chats. Back then, it made me feel special. It proved how much changed since I moved back to Forks. "How's Chef doing?" I bit the inside of my mouth, remembering the letter I got Emmett gave Edward a few weeks ago about my love troubles in Arizona. "Fine... I think." Truth is, I have no idea how Mike is doing. Other than the birthday drawing I posted on his Facebook wall last October, we haven't had any type of communication since he moved away. Edward just nodded. "So..." "So..." This was awkward. "Why don't you two kids get on going?" Emmett said, filling the awkward silence. Whew. It's times like these when I praise the lord I met a great friend like Emmett McCarthy. "Thanks," I muttered, loud enough so only Emmett could hear. "Yeah." Edward glanced at me. "I gotta go anyway." Follow Cookie, Swan. "Right. Me too. Mind if I tag along?" Edward shrugged. "Sure." I looked back at Emmett, mouthing a 'Wish me luck' as Edward and I walked away. We pass the green generator in relative silence, unsure how to continue the conversation. "Ummm... so how's it going?" How's it going? Lame, Swan. "I'm fine. You?" "Same. Still going to church?" "Of course. Still getting good grades?" I chuckled. "Duh! Although I tarnished my record and got a C in geometry." He gaped. "Shame on you! I thought you were better than that!" I held my hands up in protest. "Not my fault! You know I suck at math." "Too bad. I like math now." It's true. I still remember the story he told me of the time he helped a friend correctly solve a geometry