I have loved the poll I created a few months ago, so I've made another one, it's a little different than the first one, in this one any pairing that gets 15 or more votes will be made into a fic. So like the first one please vote. It's meant so much to me that so many people voted, and it's really helped me with my writing. So I would be honored for your continued help and support. And like before even if you have no desire to read them I would still like your input. It wasn't supposed to happen like this. He was supposed to be stuck at home with his horrible mother, and unhelpful father and brothers till he got old enough to leave and hopefully never look back. But no, he had to get picked, he only had his name in once, just once and he got picked. And he had to be going with her of all people ? He knew that if he ever got picked he wouldn't survive, but he never thought he would get picked, and now with her going as well. He knew for sure he wouldn't survive. But now here he was fighting for his life and the games haddn't even started yet. Why me? He thought as he was pushed up against the wall of the elevator. He couldn't believe this was happening, as he tried to push off of the wall to get some leverage and be able to get free. But yet it was, here he was, trapped in the elevator with that brute who looked at him like he was a feast, and he was starving. "No!" He said between gasps for breath as a hand made it's way to the front of his pants and grasped at his soft member though the thin fabric of the workout clothes he had been given to wear for training. "Yes," said his attacker as he gripped harder, making him let out a pained whimper which made him go in and pull his mouth into a bruising kiss. "You are mine from now on. I don't care about what you said last night, about her, but you are MINE." "No. Let me go, get off of me," he said as he struggled against the larger male. He squirmed and struggled against his hold, trying to find a way to get lose, only for him to pull away suddenly. Not expecting the sudden movement he slipped to the floor of the elevator. "You'll be mine, completely, soon enough." And with those fear inspiring words he pressed the number two botton on the wall and walked out of the elevator when it stopped on the second floor. "Don't forget, your mine." He said not even turning around as he walked out of the elevator. As the doors closed he couldn't help but pull his legs into his chest and stay there for minutes till his face was covered in tears, only getting up when the elevator once again started to move. He quickly stood up and hastily started to wipe the tears away. Seeing that the elevator was heading to the twelfth floor he let out a relieved breath at seeing that it wasn't one of the others, not wanting anyone that would use this to their advantage to see him like this. When the elevator got to the floor he walked past what looked to him like a large light pink blob fast, not wanting who he knew was the blob to stop and ask him any questions. Heading straight to his room he couldn't help but stop as he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror that covered the entire side of one wall. His eyes were tinted red, lips red from the kisses that had been forced on him, but what scared him the worst were the beginnings of large hand shaped bruises that littered his arms. When he took off his top he saw that he also had a large bruise on his back as well from where he had been pressed into the back wall of the elevator. Shaking off the tears that had started to accumulate in his eyes he tossed the shirt down and headed to the bathroom where he took off the rest of his clothes and hopped into the shower turning it on the hottest it would go he picked up the ruffest sponge he started to scrub his body, wanting to get the feeling that had been left of his skin by his attacker. Leaving the shower and hour later every bit of his skin was red and tender, having had scrubbed several layers of skin off in his mission to get feeling clean again. It didn't work, no matter how hard he scrubbed it felt like he was still being touched by his hands, forcing his touch on him. He didn't leave his room at all that night, sending away the people that came looking for him, saying that he wasn't feeling well and just needed to be left alone. Which wasn't a lie, he did feel sick, and it wasn't just what that guy did to him, it was the unspoken promise of what he was going to do to him, that made him feel sick. It wasn't common, but it did happen, the stronger males taking advantage of the weaker ones. It didn't happen in the tower, but it did happen often enough in the arena. And it was accepted, they never stopped it. Not even the year when the one guy had been raping the other and slit his throat in the middle of it before continuing and finishing what he had been in the middle of. Not that that's where it ended for most of them. If you killed all the others and you had made your intentions clear, you were given the choice to kill them or take them as a "prize" and get to take them with you when you won. Laying down on the bed he held himself tightly as he tried to relax, but images, thoughts of what could happen, would happen, if he got his way danced through his mind. Closing his eyes tightly he fell into a terror filled night of nightmares, waking only to find that the nightmares didn't end once he woke up, that they had invaded reality. Despite the fear and disgust, his body didn't seem to have minded the images that his mind created and had reacted in the worst way possible. It had made him hard, aching for his touch. Filled with disgust at himself he ran to the bathroom, only to not make it and fall to the tiled floor retching hardly, bile coating the floor in front of him. After he had completely emptied his stomach had collapsed on the ground, not completely missing the puddle of vomit as he landed. He laid there till he heard that strange accented voice calling for him, calling back he said he would be out in a minute, he cleaned up the floor before stepping into the shower and cleaned himself up. Getting out of the shower he dried off and pulled on the clean set of workout clothes that were sitting on top of the dresser and he remembered that today was the second day of training, and he would have to see him again. Swallowing down the new wave of bile that made it's way up his throat he pulled on the clothes trying and failing to get the shirt to cover the multitude to bruises that he had left on his arms. Giving up he left the room and headed for the elevator not looking at anyone or answering when they talked to him. Getting in the elevator he pushed the B button and breathed deeply, fighting to remain calm as he got closer and closer to him, and what he knew would be a day that was exactly like the day before. He dodged him at every turn, made sure that they were never alone, and if they were he would get out of the room as fast as he could, and it worked, for the most part. In the three days he had to avoid him he was only caught twice, each was worse than the last, but he got away each time. Only for the promise of more to follow him. He ran and just when it felt like his lungs were going to break under the strain, he ran harder. He had to get away, as far away as he could. Not that there was any real way to escape, except death, but he was holding off on that option for now. His breath was coming out in harsh hacking breaths, it barely made him feel like he was breathing at all. It wasn't until his vision started to blur and get dark at the edges that he stopped, and boy did he stop. The second his legs stopped moving he clasped on the forest's floor landing on his knees, only to lay on his side as he fought against the darkness that threatened to overtake him as he tried to breath. He had to stay awake, he needed to get up again and run, he had to at least try and get away, no matter how futile it would be. The second he got his breathing back to normal he pushed himself off the ground, got to his feet and ran, but that was the worst thing he could have done. The three straight hours he had spent running through the rugged forest, almost tripping and falling over the many rocks and branches that littered the ground, no to mention the numerous hills, had exhausted his body. So when he tried to run again his legs were unable to do it, and turned to jelly beneath him. Not expecting this legs to do that he was unprepared for the fall and wasn't able to stop his head from crashing into the ground and knocking him out. The first thing he noticed as he woke was that his whole body ached, the second was that he couldn't move, at least not much. He opened his eyes only to not see anything, nothing but a dark cloth that completely covered his eyes. Starting to panic he tried to scream only to notice that besides the blindfold that was across his eyes wasn't the only thing on his face, he also had a gag on his mouth. Unable to make a sound or see anything he squirmed against what he felt was a thick rope that was tied not just around his hands, but it also was tied around his legs making it near impossible to do anything but writhe on the ground. He twisted and turned trying to find some sort of weak spot, looking for something, someway to get free. "Look who's awake." He heard the one voice he didn't want to hear, say from somewhere next to him. "Lover Boy's awake? While I guess you should put that name to use now that's he's all yours." "I think I should, what do you think Lover Boy? Are you ready for me? Are you ready for what I'm gonna do to you now that no one, not even you can stop me?" He could feel him right next to him so close that he could feel his breath across the parts of his face that weren't covered by cloth. Pushing himself away as much as he could he didn't get very far as the hands he had become unwelcomingly familiar with in the past week grasped him in a bruising grip, and pulled him into an even more unwelcoming grasp. He fought to get out of his strong grip, but he was helpless in his hold. It was like we wasn't even fighting, but that didn't stop him