FIRST AND FOREMOST I WOULD LIKE TO TELL YOU THIS IS MY VERY FIRST FANFIC AS YOU CAN SEE. Please be warned, what you're going to read contains boy x boy love If you happened to be lost and somehow end up in this page, please click the left arrow located at the upper left corner part of the browser, if you insist, be also warned of the grammatical flaws this chapter has. The following chapters may be inappropriate and can cause slight discomfort, as of now this is Rated T, as story progresses on will change to Rated M. Without further ado, sit back and enjoy! :) Summary: Seth the town outcast, unloved and alone develop new feelings towards Jacob. Jacob, a victim of Paul's game found himself toying Seth's feelings. Could Jacob go throughout the game or is he willing to lose badly? Jacob regretted what he had done to Seth, but the damage was already done. Can he found forgiveness in Seth's heart and regain his trust once more? Or is he too late? JACOB/SETH SLASH RATED M. BE WARNED Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters. The characters rightfully belong to Stephanie Meyer's Twilight Series. CHAPTER 1 Playing with Fire "Don't disturb the water, you'll scare the fishes aw…" the younger male said before rudely interrupted by the sudden splash of the water. "Come on Seth, the water feel so good " the older male said lingering the last to words childishly; he swam towards the edge of the lake. "I didn't bring any spare clothes, besides I don't wan…" again the younger male was interrupted as he was suddenly dragged towards the water. He felt the coldness of the water caressed his warm skin. He gave an inaudible gasp before saying "Why do you always cut me short before I could finish?" the younger male said with mock anger, smiling at the end The older male grinned toothily at his childish antics. "Well, you're acting like a grumpy old man. I mean Seth you're so young, enjoy a little bit of your teenage life" the older male said as he float around Seth in circles. "Pfft, what do you know about fun, Grampa?" the younger male teased. The older male stopped and decided to glare playfully at the younger male but before doing so, he couldn't find the boy. "Seth?" the older male said. He waited for several minutes but couldn't find the boy. He started to panick "SETH?!" he yelled loudly around the forest. There was an eerie silence until he felt himself pushed down. "SHIT! DAMN IT SETH! You almost gave me a frickin' heart attack!" the older male half yelled as he put both of his large hands in his own chest, willing the frantic heart beat to slow down. "HAHA, and that is practically the reason why you should never mess around with old people.. HAHAHA" the sound of the boy's sweet laughter resonated around the dense forest. "You are so getting it!" the older male jumped towards the younger male. The boy made it out before the older male can touch him and ran towards the land. They spent the whole afternoon chasing around each other until the forest soon became dark. "pant..pant.. I call it quits.. let's head back now, the forest is not safe anymore" the older male said as he sprawled across the forest floor, regaining his breathing. "pant.. Yeah..pant.. ok" the younger male stood and dusted himself from the invisible dirt. The two male walked side by side and out of the forest. Many strangers gave them weird looks especially directed to Jacob the older male, while looks of disgust were directed towards the younger male, Seth. Seth tried to look down as if he didn't notice the glare coming from the people. He walked as if nothing happens. This however came unnoticed by Jacob who clenched his fist white. Seth saw the tense form of his friend so he ran a comforting hand around Jake's arm as if saying "it's okay". The older man relaxed and they made it out of the crowd and made their way to Seth's house. Seth was living alone in an apartment, farthest from the town, away from the houses. His parents died when he was two years old and didn't know the reason of it. All he knew is that he grew up an orphan until he was old enough to earn his own money. He was bullied his entire life, be it in school with the kids or the people in his community. He didn't know why people hate him so much. But decided to ignore them and live his life. That decision made it easier when Jacob came into his life. At first, Seth was suspicious of Jacob's abrupt decision to make friends with him. As far as he knew, he thought he was invisible to anyone's eyes. He thought Jacob was like everyone else who comes in and out of his life. But he was surprised when he wasn't. In fact, Jacob became even closer to Seth than ever. Seth is guilty. He is guilty for harboring feelings from his only friend. He shouldn't feel this way. He knew how damaging the results are. He would not only lose his only friend but also he would be living a life dodging knives. The Blacks are wealthy and very powerful family. They own a lot of huge companies across the state. It would be stupid to mess around with the Blacks. It surprised him even more that the heir of the Black family befriended him with what many consider, lowest of the low. To Seth, Jacob is almost too good to be true. He is nice, kind and very understanding. He did not want him to think that he only agreed to be friends with him because of his money like a parasite sucking out its victim in the shadows. Jacob is very generous and does not expect anything in return. All his good attributes make it more suspicious to anyone's stereotypical minds. Seth couldn't help but feel wary in all the good things that happened in his life for the past few months. Living a nomadic life for fifteen years, his instinct had develop its own mind Trust is like gold for Seth, a luxury he can't afford or earn. It takes a lot of effort for him to gain the trust of a person, not like many would waste time on Seth. Jacob on the other hand has few reasons why he wants Seth to be close to him, but that story will be in another day. For Jacob, Seth is the most caring, unselfish, kindest person he has ever met. He thought those characteristics only appear in fairy tale or shit, but he was wrong. There was one time when they walked around the town and saw a poor boy getting battered by few older boys of his age. Without hesitation, Seth stepped in and defended the poor boy and got himself hit in the process, that is until Jacob stepped in and stop the commotion. The boys were afraid of Jacob of course. Not only is Jacob capable of almost anything because of his status and power, but also Jacob is very huge towering almost any man of his age. Because of what he saw, the bravery and compassion Seth possess, he felt something warmed up inside him. And he was scared on what that strange feeling he felt would do to him. Back to present, Seth and Jacob managed to return back to Seth's house without further unpleasant encounter. Jacob is almost six months friends with Seth and every day he felt closer and closer to the boy. He knew that he shouldn't be getting closer to Seth, he has his reasons. But couldn't help but felt drawn towards him. He hates that bittersweet feeling. Like any moment now, that foreign feeling would just destroy what he diligently earned for. It was sad but that was his reality. "Hey Jacob, I hope you don't mind a sandwich for supper cause that's all I have" the boy grinned halfheartedly as he scratch his head sheepishly. "I don't mind, but you do. You need to eat real food man, you're like eating that stuff every meal, you'll get sick from the lack of proper nutrients" he snatched the sandwich off Seth's hand and took a bite in it Seth's face glowered as he dropped his eyes to the floor. Jacob munched up Seth's sandwich oblivious to Seth's current state. When he finally finished the sandwich, he returned his gaze back to Seth and almost instantly felt his heart wrenched. Seth's stomach growled loudly as Seth put both of his arms of his stomach trying to appease his hunger. Jacob felt ridiculously stupid; he just ate Seth's only food, feeling guilty, he immediately apologized for his insensitivity. "I'm sorry I ate your sandwich" Jacob said in almost a whisper. For a while,there was a moment of silence. The silence broke out however when Seth said something "Yeah, you are right, I should go to the grocery first thing tomorrow morning" Seth lifted his eyes and met with Jacob's dark ones. They both smiled genuinely and Seth head into the sofa which have seen better days together with his apartment. "Wait here, I'll be back" said Jacob as he disappeared outside the door. Seth slumped down on his sofa as he closed his drooping eyes, ignoring the constant murmuring of his stomach. Of what felt like hours but really minutes, said boy woke up from a sudden loud commotion in his apartment. He slowly opened his eyes, adjusting slightly due to the sudden assault of light in his eyes. He heard loud footsteps and the creaking of chair being moved. Half-awake that he was, he mumbled the first thing that came in his mind. "Am I robbed?" the young boy slowly raised his body. Rubbing his eyes with his balled fist trying to chase sleep away. "You wish" the man grinned then went back to his doing "What are you doing? What time is it? Why are you still here?" Seth bombarded Jacob questions without giving Jacob a chance to answer. He looked past Jacob on what he was doing "I bought you grocery supplies that will last a week, its 12 midnight I think and I'm cooking you late night dinner" Jacob said nonchalantly while he added an ample amount of tomato sauce in the hot pan. Seth felt like there were thousands of butterflies in his stomach. He felt his heartbeat beat fast and a rush of warmth ran his whole body. He was touched by what Jacob do to him. He is truly lucky to have him as his best friend and would be happy to be something more, he dreamed. Like a cat watching fireflies, he watched Jacob intently, and couldn't help himself but asked as he slowly approach the older male. "What are you cooking anyways?" his eyes glued on the pan. Jacob stopped his ministration and look at Seth knowingly "Spaghetti, I think, ok honestly I don't know, it taste more like lasagna, or whatever this is, but I'm pretty sure it's non-toxic" he winked. Seth took a wooden spoon and gently dipped in the sauce and tastes it. "More like baked macaroni, there is too much cheese" laughed Seth while Jacob mocked dropped the wooden spoon as if he was angry. He left the pan cooking. "Hey! You'll burn it. He hastily turned the greasy broken handled stove off and went to the pile of clean plates. He took the boiled pasta and pour some sauce on top. He took another plate and repeated the process. He place one plate for Jacob and one plate for himself. They ate the spaghetti silently, it was Jacob who broke the silence first. "I know you're wondering why I cook spaghetti