Prologue The great trees of Mirkwood creaked and groaned in the afternoon breeze. The rays of the afternoon sun barely made it through the thick canopy of the great forest, filling the clearings beneath the trees with a dull twilight. Within one such clearing lay an aged outpost, its cracked stone walls painted grey under the murky light. Standing a full five stories tall, the stilted structure rose through the upper reaches of the forest, its stone summit thrusting beyond the nearby treetops, allowing its occupants to survey the lay of the land for many miles. No watchers stood on the summit of this tower though. The cobblestone roof was desolate and dusty; clearly no one had set foot on it in some time. The robust wall surrounding the observation platform was strangled with dark thorny vines that were creeping up the sides of the tower. The afternoon breeze grew into a strong wind that blew through the wide clearing, scattering leaves with great force and filling the empty structure with a mournful wail. Even as the wind was tearing through the wide dell, the faint sound of booted feet on solid flagstones began to echo through the forest. The steps grew steadily louder and suddenly there were soldiers in the clearing. Marching in from the Great Forest Road that stretched throughout Mirkwood came two dozen Elven warriors. Garbed in the light brown tunics and breeches that blended naturally with the forest, each of the warriors bore a pair of short swords on hip-slung scabbards. In their hands, each Elven warrior held an elegantly carved longbow with a quiver of arrows slung on their backs. The Elves streamed into the clearing, swiftly approaching the abandoned watchtower. As they neared the derelict structure, one of the Elves, blond-haired and blue-eyed with a lithe build, called out in a clear voice. "Hail Captain Navari!" His greeting resounded throughout the clearing, echoing off the solid walls of the keep. But the echo of his own voice was the only response he received. Urgent concern flashed across the blonde Elf's smooth features and his handsome face contorted in apprehension. He turned swiftly to the tall dark-haired Elf that stood mere feet away from him. "Captain Orcin, take half the troops and scout the clearing," he commanded sharply, "The rest of you, come with me!" The captain's hazel eyes flashed in alarm and he nodded sharply, "Yes, my Lord Legolas," he replied in a strong voice. Turning to his company, he uttered sharp commands and half of the Elves broke formation and fanned out swiftly to the edges of the clearing, their sharp steel blades ringing on their scabbards as they raised them to guard. As his troops secured the perimeter, Legolas strode towards the silent keep, his troops right behind him, their leather boots crunched on the dead leaves that blanketed the forest floor. His pale hands darted down to the gilded sheaths at his hip and he withdrew the twin blades of silver steel that shone in the murky twilight of Mirkwood. His soldiers did the same and they quickly came to the foot of the tower. Apprehension crept along Legolas's spine as he surveyed the entrance of the fortification in shock. The implacable carved door of the watchtower had been ripped from its wrought-iron hinges and cast aside. Barking an order to his soldiers to be on guard, Legolas entered the open tower first, his blade held aloft at guard. He crossed the threshold into the darkened foyer of the tower and immediately glanced around the darkened room, his Elven eyes seeing quite clearly in the dimly lit chamber. His troops spread out into the main floor of the keep, scouting out the storerooms and armories located on the ground floor. "My Lord," shouted one of the Elves from the direction of the armory, "We have found bodies!" Lowering his sword to his side, Legolas strode towards the source of the voice, turning down a dark musty hallway and coming to a small chamber that had held the weapons for the Woodland garrison that had been stationed at the tower. Bursting into the small room, Legolas's eyes immediately darted to the two Elven warriors who occupied the chamber, one of whom was knelt over a pair of decaying skeletons. Both bodies were draped in ragged garments of auburn similar to the ones worn by Legolas and his troops. A look of fury came to the Elven-Prince's face and he crouched down next to the corpses of his kin. "How long have they been dead, Kielen?" the Prince asked the soldier who was also kneeling. "At least a month, my Lord," Kielen replied, his smooth features recoiling with dismay at the low fate that had befallen their brethren. The warrior's fingers brushed against the mouldering flesh of one of the corpses and lifted it to his nose, sniffing sharply. "They were poisoned," he said sharply and Legolas's eyes widened in sudden revelation. "Spiders!" he spat in anger. Springing to his feet he looked down at the bodies, "Kielen, Brene, see to our brother's burial," he said. Turning to the doorway he stepped into the darkened hallway and rushed into the main chamber of the tower. Several of his soldiers remained there, while the others were scouting the upper levels. "Meilen, Eeinen, gather your weapons and provender," the Prince commanded to two of his soldiers, a tall dark-haired male and a slightly shorter female with blonde hair a shade darker that Legolas's. The two warriors moved to comply and Legolas continued, "Return to the King's Halls with all speed," he ordered, "Inform his Highness that the spiders have returned to our Southern borders." Meilen and Eeinen snapped to attention, their provender stowed in their hip-pouches and their longbows slung over their shoulders. "Tell the King that the spiders assaulted the Tower of Serien and slew the entire garrison. He must send additional troops to the Southern marches immediately so we can reinforce our outpost and reaffirm our borders." When both Elves nodded their understanding, Legolas looked at them, "Run like the wind," he said, "The sooner we get reinforcements the better." The soldiers complied and raced out of the keep, their footsteps growing fainter by the second. Once he was satisfied that the messengers were on their way to his father's halls, Legolas turned to one of the remaining soldiers in the atrium. "Tell Captain Orcin that Captain Navari and his troops were attacked by the spiders," he said to the soldier, "Have him secure the forest perimeter and then join me in the tower. The soldier complied and as he exited the room Legolas ascended the creaking stairs to the second level of the tower, bracing himself to witness the tragic fates of more of his kin. Legolas spent the next hour surveying the remaining four levels of the tower, witnessing the decaying remains of half the tower's garrison of Wood-Elves. The Elven-Prince quickly put his soldiers to work clearing the keep of the dead and burying them as was the Elvish tradition. As the full score of Elves in the dell hurried about burying their brethren and restoring order to the fortress, Legolas climbed the stairs to the summit of the tower and stood upon the dull granite roof, staring out at the great fastness of Mirkwood. Many thoughts ran through his mind as he pondered the absence of the bodies of half the Wood-Elves that had been assigned to the tower. It was possible that they had escaped the assault and fled into the heart of the forest. But the more grim possibility that they were now prisoners of the Necromancer weighed heavily on his mind. He stood there for many minutes, surveying the dimming light of the afternoon sun through the dark canopies of the trees. This far from the halls of the King, the great trees were dark and twisted, their branches weighed down by the dark leaves. Fell things stirred under the woods in this part of the forest. When the darkness had first descended on the Greenwood over a thousand years ago, the Woodland Elves had built many towers like the one Legolas currently stood on to keep an eye on their borders. For near the South end of Mirkwood stood a dark tower, many stories taller than the Tower of Serien. Within that tower lurked a dark sorcerer who was known only as the Necromancer. It was from that fell place that the spiders spawned and came forth into the forest. As the Elven-Prince cast his gaze upon the trees his eyes darted here and there, looking for any sign of the spiders that had killed Navari's troops. After nearly an hour of surveying the landscape from the high perch and collecting his thoughts, Legolas heard the sound of light footsteps behind him and turned to see the tall broad-shouldered form of Captain Orcin ascend the last of the steps and emerge on the parapet. "Report," Legolas said in a curt tone, his nerves on edge from being so close to the Tower of the Necromancer. "I have four of our soldiers burying our comrades," Orcin said, "I have a full dozen still patrolling the edge of the dene and the rest are taking stock of what remains in the tower and are making it habitable again." Legolas nodded approvingly, "Good work, Captain," he said in a milder tone, "Have half of the patrol move up to the parapet and keep an eye on the forest from high up. Have the rest stand guard around the tower entrance." "I will do so at once, my Lord," Orcin replied. "Good," Legolas said, then when Orcin remained on the tower roof, continued, "You have a question." "Yes, my Lord," the captain said hesitantly, "Do you think we will be attacked here?" Legolas frowned and his green eyes glimmered with uncertainty, "I cannot be sure," he said after a moment, "Clearly the spiders haven't been here since they slew Navari and his comrades…" His voice trailed off as he considered the situation, "And yet, I sense an ill omen about this place." He shook his head in consternation, "I do not know what it is, but I know we must be on our guard." Even as the Elven-Prince uttered the words, in the dark branches of one of the twisted trees, a dark-feathered raven gazed upon the Prince and his Captain, its blood-red eyes watching them with great interest. Then, as the Elven-Prince's gaze was diverted from the trees, it spread its dark wings and took to the air, flapping hard and flying swiftly towards the South. The dark avian crossed league upon league of forest, soaring over the darkened treetops, its black wings beating furiously. Upon length, the raven reached a vast clearing in the Southern heart of Mirkwood. The darkness appeared to be strongest in this part of the forest with the trees twisted almost beyond recognition and the dark thorny vines choking the old stone pathway that wound between the trees. At the edge of the clearing the twisted trees fell away and the cracked stone path led into the vast circle that was devoid of any trees. The ground in the heart of the circle steeped sharply upwards, forming a great bald hill upon which stood a mighty tower of stone. The old stone road wound up the hill and came straight to the great doors of the tower which were sealed shut, twin slabs of ebon stone barring entrance to all. Built from once-majestic basalt, the tower was old and worn, it's stone walls dulled with age. The lower stories were wide and squat, spreading over the entire summit of the hill. The thorny vines had completely infested the lower ramparts, twisting in through shattered windows and winding around crumbling parapets. From the fifth story onwards, the tower grew slimmer and taller, stretching high above the treetops of the surrounding forest. The stone of