Stupid Dumbledore. Stupid, stupid Dumbledore and his ruddy "experiments." Why did he choose to do this now ? I mean—of all the time he's been headmaster, why now ? Why did he really have to do this my final year at Hogwarts? To peeve me? Eh? Is that what he's after? "Alright, Dumbledore? You've done it! You've got me all riled up! Now you can stop all this madness, if you please!" I shouted to the air. Jen gave me a look. "Er, Lily? The headmaster isn't even here…" I threw her a glare. "I know he's not here, Jen! That is why I am yelling at him! Because I would probably be expelled if I yelled at him to his face!" Honestly! She calls herself my best friend of ten years? Pssh. She should be ashamed. She should renounce her title. "Well considering he's absolute nutters, I wouldn't put it past him to burst out into song or something if you yelled at him in person," Mary said from beside me. She grabbed the handle of her broom and flew speedily in the direction of Marlene's Quaffle. Did I mention why I was so angry? I, Lily Evans, Muggle rights activist, magical environmentalist galore, and Head Girl of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, was perched atop a broom. A broom . Above the ground. Really high up above the ground. I screamed in my head so loudly that I could actually hear it resonate in the pitch around me. I didn't know what the bloody hell I was doing! I couldn't fly! I was so terrified, and both my hands grasping the broom's handle so tightly, that my knuckles were turning white, and I could actually hear the broom gasping for breath. And Dumbledore was expecting me , apparently, to lead my year in what he called "Operation Fire Dragon." What the HADES does that even mean? I wouldn't know. I didn't bother asking. I was too shocked to say much of anything. Potter had to " Wingardium Leviosa!" me out of the Headmaster's office I was so completely dumbstruck. Whenever he brought it up I would freeze to the spot. So he stopped bringing it up, and for a while I thought perhaps "Operation Fire Dragon" was just a dream. I'd been very mistaken, however, for when Potter briefed the prefects about Dumbledore's latest grand idea at our meeting last Wednesday night, I couldn't blink for a whole hour. You see, what made "Operation Fire Dragon" so very unnerving was that it involved flying . Which might sound like fun at first. But you would be wrong. Dumbledore wanted us to "flex [our] creative, intellectual, and physical muscles," and so thought that he'd make flying and everything to do with flying a required course needed for graduation. The School Governors weren't jumping up and down for joy at the idea (which I very much applaud), so they let him do this as an experiment. Though, if the class is actually approved, I'll need it to graduate. Naturally, every Seventh Year was there with me, having the times of their lives. Bastards. Oh sure, it's lots of fun riding around, throwing Quaffles, beating Bludgers, and not worrying that if you fall off your broom you will fall to your death ! "Miss Evans!" a loud voice said, piercing through my thoughts. I whipped my head around to find the source of the voice, only to end up whipping my broom wildly around with me, and found myself nose to nose with Madam Hooch. "AH!" I screamed in surprise. Then— mistake . I let go of the handle for just one second to clap my hand over my mouth because I realized how ridiculous I sounded, and then my broom thought it would be nice to dip violently a few feet. There was no use for my hand at that point, anymore. I was screaming freely. "Control your broom, Ms. Evans!" I heard Madam Hooch say vaguely through my whirling of doom. "AAAARRRGGGHHH!" was all I could say in response. I was going to die. I was for certain going to die. Oh, look! There's the ground. Hmm. It's getting rather closer. . . . I shut my eyes tightly, ready to hit the ground. Well, about as ready as you can get, anyway. As I clutched onto the handle for dear life, though, I somehow managed to pull it up at the last moment of my Dive of Death towards the Very Deadly Ground. I flew towards Madam Hooch, jerking to the left every so often, and hovered in front of her. "Yes, Madam Hooch?" I said, my voice shaking. She didn't answer. That's when I realized that it was all too quiet. Checking my surroundings, I found that I had captured the attention of every student on the pitch. Wonderful. After a few moments, Hooch finally cleared her throat and said, "Alright, everyone! Back to what you were doing! I need to speak to Ms. Evans privately!" Oh great. She just had to throw my name in there! Now anyone who didn't know that it was me flailing wildly through the air towards certain doom whilst doing a fantastic impression of Janis Joplin, would have my name and my broom-flying incompetence spread around the school by dinner! Much to my surprise, the tumult resumed as it had been before my near death experience. A knot formed in my throat as I thought how horribly I'd just humiliated myself. How absolutely ridiculous I must have looked, falling through the sky, screaming like a maniac. Oh, Merlin. I don't even want to think about it! But it can't have been that bad, right? No! My peers will understand it's nothing to laugh about! I nearly crashed into the ground! I nearly died ! Right? It was a near death experience after all. (Even if I'm the only one calling it that.) But they won't hold this against me! They simply can't! I was seriously almost eaten by the ground! Hooch suddenly cleared her throat again. "Right," she said. "Now, Ms. Evans, before I go on, I can have the whole pitch Obliviated if you want." My eyes popped out of their sockets. Or maybe it was that bad… Curses! "O-obliviated?" I stammered. "Yes, Obliviated, Ms. Evans. I can have their memory of your dive erased forever," she rejoined. "In fact, I will do it personally—if you wish." Oh Merlin. She wasn't joking. "Was it really that bad?" I asked after a pause. The flying professor, whom I'd known since First Year when she told me flying was like riding a bicycle and then forgot to mention that it was only a metaphor, looked me directly in the eye and said, "Yes." I gulped. Here she was, though, evidently attempting to protect my pride. Could I take the embarrassment that was sure to come? Good Godric! If only I hadn't been so jumpy when she'd called my name! "Wait, what was it that you wanted to tell me before?" I asked, recalling the events leading up to my near death experience. She gave a little cough and jerked her head meaningfully to my right. I looked—carefully this time—behind me and glimpsed Frank Longbottom scribbling furiously on a pad of parchment. Just what I needed. "Mr. Longbottom is here to cover Operation Fire Dragon for his zine. He wanted an interview with you," Hooch said. I nodded, thinking fast. "I'll be right back!" I called to Hooch. Cautiously, I tipped my handle slightly downwards, and made a wide circle around Hooch before arriving in front of the journalist sure to be describing in enthusiastic detail how I'd just flung myself towards the ground like a crazed monkey. "Hey, Longbottom," I said casually, once I'd steadied my broom. He looked up at me and beamed. "That dive you just made? Bloody brilliant! How'd you learn the Wronski Defensive Feint so well?" I blinked up at him. "What?" I said in a monotone reflective of the state of my brain. What was he going on about? "Your flying skills! They're pretty amazing. I've got to be honest, Evans. I've been told you were about as natural on a broom as a snow storm in August. I didn't know they were just being ironic!" I opened my mouth to say something, couldn't figure out what, and shut up again. Frank was too busy rambling anyway to notice my moment as a gaping fish. "I wasn't sure I could find an interesting angle for this story, but now I think I've actually got one!" He beamed at me again. "Erm—" I started. I was about to say, "Erm, you've got a very interesting angle indeed," when the Marauders showed up, their arms pumping through the air as though they were worshipping something. And they were all giving me frightening conspiratorial grins. I tried to smile back, but I might have looked like someone who didn't know how to smile in front of a camera. They were creeping me out, with all their arm waving and evil grins! Wait. Are they—? No. Worshipping—me? "I didn't know you had it in you, Evans!" said Sirius Black, grey eyes winking. Huh? "I've got to admit, though, I'm quite put out I didn't think of doing it myself." Potter was smirking at me, his bronze skin glowing in the sunlight. "I know you told me not to pull any stunts while we were out here today, Lily, but I didn't know it was because you wanted all the attention for yourself," he teased. Remus bumped me in the shoulder playfully. "Bit of a secret athlete are we, Lily?" he said. If I was a fish before, I'd turned into a basilisk with a dislocated jaw. "Planning to catch the Snitch, too, eh?" Pettigrew said, laughing. I stared at him blankly before catching on. I closed my mouth right up, and felt the warmth rise in my cheeks as everyone laughed. I didn't know what to think! What the hell was going on?! Potter stopped laughing and gave me a strange look. "What do you mean, 'what's going on'? You're a star!" Oops. Evidently, I'd said that out loud… "More than that! You're my new idol, Evans," Black quipped. Then he gave me a triumphant grin. "I knew you had a little Marauder in you! You just had to let it out!" "Can I use that as a direct quote?" Longbottom asked, turning to Black. Potter turned to me, his eyes twinkling behind his glasses. "So how does it feel to break the rules and cause a scene?" "Er…" I responded smartly. I was saved from continuing my very intelligent speech when my friends decided to grace us with their presence. "Oh my God, Lily! Are you okay?! That was some fall!" Jen said, grasping my elbows tightly. It was her way of giving me a hug without obliging me to let go of the broom handle. I gave her a warm smile, silently transmitting happy and positive thoughts to her for her act of kindness. Then I noticed Remus was giving Jen a confused look. "Fall? What are you talking about? That was beautiful flying! An artful mastery of the Wronski Feint technique!" Potter exclaimed, apparently affronted. No way. It was with great self-control that I managed to keep my mouth from unhinging again. "Not to mention the timing," Remus added. Black chuckled. "I can't believe you had the bollocks to pull that off just after Hooch yelled at Nott to—what was it she said, Wormtail?" Pettigrew grinned at the memory. "I believe she used the phrase, 'cease your ill-maneuvered antics at once.'" Frank ripped to the next sheet of parchment rather violently as he said, "Could you say that one more time?" "What was Nott doing, exactly?" Mary asked us, lifting an eyebrow. I feigned indifference and pretended I hadn't heard her question. It wasn't like I could