Eternal Youth by Bethuvie l Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters in my story, J.R.R. Tolkien does. I am not receiving any compensation for my work, as it is purely for fun. I got hooked on the Mellon Chronicles and well here I am trying to write my own. All reviews are appreciated. I hope you enjoy this as much as I enjoyed writing it. Authors note: I just spruced up the original version a little, fixing spelling and grammatical errors. oOo Legolas sat on the balcony of 'his' room at the Last Homely House. Spring had come at last, the sun giving it's warmth to Arda. He thought of the past winter he had spent here with his extended family. It had been a tough week, and he was glad it was finally over for him. He had been summoned home for official duties. A smile played across his lips, he would escape some of Elrond's wrath. At this moment, he was never more glad to have had received one of his father's letters. flashback Legolas sat in the family room watching the light dance from the warm fire in the grate of the hearth. Things had been too quiet and he meant to stir the pot. Suddenly an idea grew in his mind. "How absolutely delicious." He thought. He went up to his room and got his bow and quiver. He locked his bedroom door and slipped out onto the balcony. He felt jittery with delight as he climbed down and crept away unnoticed. After twenty minutes he sighted his game. The store room was getting a little bare, so he felt no guilt that 'dinner' would serve two purposes. He let his bow sing and retrieved the deer. Quickly and quietly he covered the animal with snow and branches for his alibi. Legolas was back in his room, barely able to maintain his features. He changed his clothing and went back onto the balcony. Silently, he climbed onto the roof and made his way over the where the twin's rooms were. "Good, they are now beginning their baths." He thought to himself. He crawled to where the kitchen was located and lowered himself with cat like ease. He opened the pantry and found the object of his desire, a large bowl of mashed potatoes and spoon. He grinned, placed the bowl and spoon into his tunic and climbed back onto the roof. Legolas was back into his room. He eyed his own shoes and knew it had to be done. "A sacrifice I will make..." He laughed at his own devilry. Legolas eyed Elrohir sitting in his bath. Elrohir was trying to sing something. He was obviously trying to make it up because he was lost deep in thought and never realized Legolas was slowly creeping into his room. Legolas held his breath. He knew if his plan were to work, absolute stealth was needed. Silently he spooned the potatoes into Elrohir's boots, careful to not get any on the sides. He slipped back onto the roof and made his way to Elladan's room. Legolas eyed Aragorn. He knew this would be the most difficult of his plan. Aragorn was just too hard to sneak up on. Using all of his skill and praying a silent prayer, Legolas eased to the side of Aragorn's bed. He dared not to breathe; he dared not to blink his eyes, for fear of being caught. Slowly, ever so slowly he bent. He moved his hand holding the spoon to Aragorn's mustache. "Just a dab, only a dab, please do not wake, please, please, please..." raced his thoughts. Legolas bent to the floor and put the bowl and spoon under the bed. Still crouching, Legolas made his way out of the room and back onto the roof. A few minutes later he was back into his room, immensely pleased with his royal self. "I am the master of practical jokes around here!" He laughed to himself. He unlocked his door, turned and climbed back out of his balcony. Legolas retrieved the deer he had shot earlier and began dragging it back to the manor. He made an effort at singing to ensure all would see he had been hunting. Sure enough he was met by Erester in the courtyard. "Ai, Legolas, I see you have been putting your archery skills to use!" "Yes, Erester, and I was so hoping you would make some of that marvelous venison of yours, you know the one with the red berry gravy." "For you, Legolas, anything." Erester took the deer from him and disappeared around the corner. Legolas continued on into the house and bumped into Glorfindel. "Oh, my lord, excuse me, I am tired and did not see you." Glorfindel eyed the young prince and crinched his nose. "What have you been doing Legolas; there is a smell about you?" "I have been hunting and successful at that. I have asked Erester for a special dish tonight." Legolas raised his arms and smelled himself. The deer smell had gotten onto him. He smiled to himself and thought "Good!" Aloud he said, "I had best bathe and change before dinner." Glorfindel smiled at Legolas, "Yes, or Lord Elrond will banish you from the table before you can eat your request." Legolas laughed and went up to his rooms. Glorfindel continued on his way to Elrond's study. He smelled the front of his tunic, afraid the odor might have wiped off onto him. Satisfied he had not gained any new scent he knocked on the door of the study. "Glorfindel." A voice said behind him. He turned and saw Elrond walking toward him. "Ah, Lord Elrond, I was about to meet with you." "I was outside, gathering some herbs for my medicine pantry. Do you know, I saw the most peculiar thing? Why, I am at a lost to understand any of it." "Pray, do tell, my lord, together we will master the mystery." They both entered the study and closed the door behind them. oOo Legolas had just taken the quickest bath in his life and was dabbing his toes into his shoes. He could not bear any more to get onto him. Screams erupted and Legolas jerked his head. Curses in dwarvish could be heard echoing in the halls of the Last Homely House. Quickly Legolas started screaming and cursing also. He stopped midway to his door and laughed to himself, then began cursing again. He flung the door open and stared at Elrohir and Elladan. Their eyes were boiling cauldrons of anger. He held his shoes up quickly and muttered some more curses. Together, all three clinched their teeth and ran to Aragorn's room. Aragorn sat up in his bed. He knew he had heard screaming and cursing. "Ay, El, Ro, what have you done now?" He stood up, smoothing out his tunic when his door burst open. He stared wide-eyed at three very angry elves, clutching boots and shoes. He looked at their feet and saw them covered with a white gooey mess. "By the Valar, what has happened?" Slowly they advanced at him, pointing their fingers and muttering curses and promises of pain. He held up his hands, realizing they thought he had somehow done this to them. "Ai, brothers, I have not done this, I am innocent!" "Look Ro, on his mustache!" Accused Legolas. They circled him. "Here, El, under his bed, a bowl of the stuff." Vented Elrohir. Aragorn had never heard his brothers breathe so hard, nor speak so clipped. "The spoon is still on his bed Legolas!" The three pounced on Aragorn, clubbing him with their shoes, cursing all the more. Legolas pulled his punches, not really wanting to inflict any real harm on the ranger. Aragorn twisted around, trying to get away, but only succeeded in getting knocked to the floor, taking them with him. Now he lay under a pile of them, helpless to get away. They continued to pummel him with their shoes causing the mashed potatoes to fly everywhere and onto everyone. This only infuriated them more. Particularly Legolas, who possessed a real aversion to dirt. Elrond and Glorfindel rushed into the room, Elrond's face full of fury at the madness before him. Glorfindel looked at Elrond and cringed in fear. Elrond's face was a bright shade of red as he screamed at the top of his lungs, "Stop this now!" Instantly all the four looked up and grew three shades paler at the sight of their father. Aragorn began crawling over to his father, "Ada, help me, they're trying to kill me." Elrond shook Aragorn off of his leg, "You. May. Not. Kill. Him. Until after. He's. Fulfilled. His destiny!" Elrond paced the room, surveying the mess; he began muttering under his breath. He raised his right arm and pointed the forefinger stiffly at each of them, "You all will clean this disaster up! Yourselves with it!" His voice was clipped, and the younger elves trembled before his fury. Elrond clinched his fists and stomped out of the room, muttering curses to himself, occasionally choking air. Glorfindel shut his dangling mouth, pulled himself out of his stupor, and shuffled out behind Elrond. It was Elrohir who broke the silence. "Estel, you will clean up this mess, while we clean ourselves up!" He hissed. He, Legolas, and Elladan walked out of the room with their noses up, shoulders squared, covered in mashed potatoes, with rat's nests for hair. Aragorn stood up, confused and dripping mashed potatoes. Inside his room, safely behind a locked door, Legolas grabbed a cloth and wiped his face several times. He buried his face into his pillow and cackled like a witch. Dinner was delayed an hour when three elves and one human sat down quiet as mice, quietly enduring Elrond's glare. Legolas thought the red berry gravy was superb. oOo Later that night... Elrohir and Elladan silently crept out of their rooms and met outside of Aragorn's room. Legolas opened his door and peered out at them. "What are you two doing?" he whispered. The twins looked aghast and their mouths popped open, fearful that their careful planning had been for naught. "We, ah, we.. Well we were just going..." began Elladan, "To the kitchen." Finished Elrohir, "A case of the midnight hungries," interjected Elladan bobbing his head up and down. The prince glanced them over, knowing they were being less than truthful, "And what pray tell were you going to do with that shaving kit?" "Clean carrots?" Elrohir offered weakly. Legolas suppressed a grin, a twinkle in his eye. The twins knew their game was up. Legolas quickly decided this was too good to pass up. "Only if I get to help clean the carrot." He wickedly giggled. The twins beamed at their co-conspirator. "Come then, mellon nin, we will teach this proud peacock to put mashed potatoes into our shoes while we bathe." Legolas clinched his stomach muscles to keep from laughing. This was really too good. Elrohir and Elladan honestly believed it had been Aragorn earlier in the afternoon that had played the prank. Legolas had set everything up beautifully. He also knew he was dead if they ever found out different. "But wait, El, Ro, Estel is hard to sneak up on. How can we do this without him waking?" "Oh, Erester was more than glad to lend aide after he found out what that scoundrel had done." Elladan smiled, "A little sleeping powder into Estel's wine. He will not wake anytime soon. Come; let us have our way with him." Legolas stepped back, shocked by the look on Elladan's face. Elrohir kept smiling that dumb eager smile and bobbing his head up and down. "Understand Legolas, this is war, and that human brother of ours more than deserves this." Elladan smiled even bigger. "I am with you, my brothers." Legolas placed a hand on each of their shoulders. With stern