Disclaimer: I do not own Middle-Earth and anything cannon. Tolkien owns that. For those who have only seen the movie, that includes Tom Bombadil, Goldberry, Halbarad, and the Barrow-Wights. I was sitting down at a Ren Fest table eating some hearty meat and veggie stew, dressed as a medieval fantasy she-Ranger. Many people were eating, drinking ale, and having lively chats. I was currently sitting next to an eight and a half-month pregnant woman. She was the same age as myself. Twenty-one. Her fiancée dumped her when they found out she was pregnant and now her parents were pushing her for abortion. She wasn't even supposed to have been able to have children so she was taking her chance of being able to have one. She had been blessed and we both knew it. Without warning, someone came running into the area shooting and screaming. Panic erupted and I could see people dropping like flies. I got Kayla, the woman, down to the ground and under the table. I gave her one of my pocket knives and quickly switched my arrow tips from screw-on LARP heads to my hunting heads that I brought for the female archery competition that was to happen later that day. I was probably going to get killed but I someone had to do something and everyone else was panicking. Once all twelve arrows heads had been changed, I put them back in my dark brown hard leather quiver and strung my elven-styled oak bow. I notched one of the arrows and stood, quickly finding the gun-shooter. My stomach turned violently from the thought of having to kill another human being. It didn't matter that I had to do it to protect. By this time, most of the people were dead. That did not help the turning of my stomach at all. I breathed, focusing on my self-appointed task. Kill the monster before he kills everyone. I released and quickly notched another one. It hit him but I was off. I hit the shoulder. My fear began to rise. He was going to turn and see me aiming for him. He was going to kill me before I could kill him and save the living. I could hear shouting in the far distance though faintly because time slowed down and everything went nearly silent as he pointed his gun at me. I released the arrow and quickly followed it with another. Before the second and third arrow could hit him, he fired his gun and I could feel a blast of pain. My sight was quickly darkening. Before my sight completely darkened, I saw the second arrow pierce his jugular on one side and the third straight through his heart, causing him to begin his fall. Shortly after my sight left me, I heard shouts that someone had taken him out and that said someone had been shot through the heart. Suddenly, I stood over my body and saw a member of the security staff checking my neck for a pulse. Kayla saw my body and began crying. Suddenly, she screamed in pain. Had I failed in protecting her and her unborn miracle infant? "Sir, a survivor! I think she's going into labor," the man shouted. I heard one of the other security staff members call for an ambulance for a woman in labor with possible injuries. Then he told the man to search my body for any form of ID. One of the others saw my body and a look of rage overcame his face. "No need, sir. I know her. She was supposed to compete in the women's archery contest in two hours. Her name is Hayden Kinsey McKay. Twenty-one years old. She was carrying the competition tips. She probably switched from LARP tips to comp and tried to take out the shooter." I found myself in the Labor and Delivery room of the local hospital watching Kayla receive an emergency C-section. She hadn't been shot but the stress to her two-week early infant was enough to have them think they needed to perform the C-section. I watched as the doctor pulled out a messy and bloody baby. "It's a girl, Kayla. Do you have a name for her yet," one of the nurses asked. "There was a woman..," she began. "The one that took down the shooter?" "Her name was Hayden Kinsey McKay. I'm naming my baby girl after her. She protected us. She made sure I could have my miracle baby. Hayden Kinsey McKay Hoffman." I began crying. I felt honored to have the newborn named after me. I felt a presence behind me and turned. "It was not your time to die, Hayden. For your bravery and sacrifice to save others, we, the Valar, will send you to Middle-Earth. We grant you another chance at life. You will be reborn with all your memories. All your weapons and gear will be sent with you. You will also have some other things added. You will be found by a wizard commonly known as Gandalf the Grey," the ethereal man told me. "How many, besides Kayla and her newborn, did I save," I asked. I desperately wanted to know how many lives I could be proud of saving. "Twenty-nine. All near death but will live. Come, We must create your new body so that Lord Ilúvatar may breathe life into it." I hugged Kayla and kissed a now clean newborn girl goodbye. "Hayden's spirit is here. I felt her hug me," Kayla told the doctor and nurses as I took the man's hands as we walked into the light. "She was with you during the labor and birth, still watching over you. I could see her spirit. She is crossing over, going to another world to be reborn," I heard the doctor reply, though I only heard it faintly because the veil was closing. I didn't hear Kayla's reply even though I did see her mouth moving. When I looked forward to see where, exactly, we were going, I saw a lifeless body surrounded by ethereal men and women. "Tulkas, the warrior's new body is ready," one of the women announced once we were out of the light and the veil to Earth was closed to me. My new body was very different. I would have to train it. "We hope you do not mind being a male. In the world you will soon be joining, being a male would suit you better. Females in nearly all the Peoples of Middle-Earth are not treated as you are used to. Expectations are different. You will be of the Race of Men, just as you are now, though of a Higher Race of Men. And you will be a child once more. You will have ten years before Middle-Earth unknowingly goes to war with the Dark Lord." "A second chance at life, my Lady, is a second chance at life. I trust the Powers That Be will choose for me what is wisest." "Hayden," Tulkas spoke. "There are some prices to pay. None you may not like." "Whatever they may be, I will endure. I am honored and blessed to be given a second chance at life, Lord Tulkas. I refuse to allow that second life to be given vain." "The first and least to pay is that you will not be given knowledge of Middle-Earth other than what you already know. That means what few Westron and Sindarin words and phrases you know is all the knowledge of the languages you will know. Your second price to pay is much harsher. Because the body of your parents will not be found, you will have to appear as though on your own for a great many days. Your body will be starved for food and your throat thirst for drink. You will be in very poor health. You will feel much pain," one of the men spoke. "I will endure. I trust I will not be given anything I can't handle. I have always had faith in the Gods. And now I have new Gods to have faith in, my Lord," I replied. "We are the same in both worlds though we go by many different names." I bowed my head. "Hayden, are you ready," another asked. "I am ready." "The date will be November 25th, 3008 of the Third Age," another told me. I woke up on the ground in pain from hunger, thirst, and hard uneven ground. I looked around and saw my weapons. I looked at the arrowheads and saw that they were not screw on. I saw a child's version of my weapons, along with a few other weapons. I had just enough strength to put my child's version in place before I fell. My vision began to swim when I heard humming. I'm in the body of an eight-year-old…. Some unknown amount of time later found me waking up to wrapped in a woolen blanket, warm fire, and the smell of food. My stomach clenched in pain. I couldn't stop the whimper of pain that came. I heard a man's voice. It was gentle and kind. Full of worry. I looked up to find and elderly man. He said something with a questioning tonality. I looked at him in confusion. He tried many languages and none were understood by me. He pointed to himself and said, "Gandalf." "Aidan," I replied. It was close enough to my Earth name I could easily adjust to it. He came over to me and helped me into a sitting position. He helped me drink some of the broth he had made. It tasted very good. I could tell what many of the herbs and spices were. Some I could not. We stayed in the same area for a week. During that time, I had started to gain weight. My body could handle some solids but not much. Mostly soups with herbs, spices, and some plants. He had even caught a couple of fish and added it to the soup the last day at the area. A week after that found us at someone's house. They weren't that much bigger than myself. Had to be a hobbit, a Halfling. Several hours later, Gandalf left me. He had left me with Frodo Baggins. Or Maura Labingi in Westron. It took a few months before I was healthy again. As soon as I was healthy, though, I began training my new body so that my body would fit my mind as far as weaponry, fitness, and the sort. I had also been learning Westron-not just speaking and understanding but reading and writing it as well. Eight years had passed since I was reborn into Middle-Earth. I had been using my old weaponry for a few years now-since I was thirteen. My body was very toned and lithe. I proud of it. I was fifteen now. Frodo had officially adopted me after a year of caring for me. Gandalf hadn't been by since. I now spoke almost solely Westron. I wanted to explore more than just Hobbiton. I wanted to explore the Shire and the area around it. Frodo helped me pack and gave me a bag of money in case I needed it. "Aidan, you better not be gone for more than a month or when you get back, you will not be allowed to leave for several months. Maybe even longer," he told me firmly. "Yes Da. I won't be gone more than a month. The first page of my travel journal has been set. Day One to Day Thirty and I'll be writing the dates. I have the date for my departure-Spring, March 20th of 3016. Third Age. First day of spring," I replied. "How many arrows do you have in your quiver? Do you have your sharpening stone? Do you need an extra? How much food have you packed? Is it enough? Are you sure you will be fine?" "Da! Slow down with the