Okay, this is Genie. I won't be doing the same funny commentary that I usually do because this is a serious story and if I put that humor in it, it might detract away from the suspense and drama I hope to correctly write. Nevertheless, I will be popping in on occasion and I look forward to hearing your thoughts on my first Hunger Games story. Chapter 1 My eyes flashed open, ridding the reoccurring nightmare from my vision. Coarse, white sheets are wrapped around my ankles from my constant thrashing. The same nightmare that had been plaguing me for years off and on usually came around this time of year. Or, more specifically, the day, because today was the day of the reaping. I propped myself up on one elbow, shoving my tangled auburn hair from my face. My cheeks were flushed and sweaty from the dream that still ran through my mind. There's enough light to see the tiny bedroom I sleep in. My small, worn out bed is pushed nearly flush with the wall while the small table beside my bed holds the only thing I treasure: a photo of me, my father, and brother. It's been four years since my family was whole. A soft meow stirs me from my thoughts. I turned to look for the source and saw a muddy yellow shape sitting in my window. Buttercup, Prim's horrendous looking cat. He looked up at me with his rotten squash colored eyes. He's missing at least half of one ear and his nose looks like it was smashed in repeatedly with a piece of wood, but Prim loves him to death anyway. How she can love a creature that ugly and mean is beyond me. Numerous times I've tried to befriend him (and Katniss tried to drown him on at least one occasion) and Buttercup just has it in his head that he hates me. Yet he stills hops into my house like he and I are best friends. I kicked the covers off of my feet before sliding out of bed. I quickly yanked on dark brown trousers, a lighter brown shirt and I threw my hair up in a messy knot at the back of my head. After throwing on a pair of old hand-me-down hunting boots from Katniss, I gave myself a once over and realized that I had started mimicking her style. I grabbed my hunting knives out from under my bed and shoved them in the sheaths on my waist. Thankfully, they were hidden from view by my long shirt. I grabbed the remaining three apples that I traded as many squirrels for, shoving them in my small satchel as I went, and stepped out into the cool morning air. I live directly in the middle of District 12's Seam. Usually, coal miners are heading out at this time to start their morning shift. Once men and women turn eighteen, they're put to work. Most of them spend their lives in and out of the coal mines, growing older with hunched backs and perpetual black dust under their fingernails and in their hair. Their faces, lined with pain and toil, make them seem much older than they really are. But today, the roads are bare. The weathered grey shutters are closed tightly, as if they're trying to hide from the inevitable. The reaping wasn't until two. Only a handful of hours before two families are torn apart. Just outside of District 12 is a large field. It's nothing special, just some really tall grass and a few sparse bushes. But that's before you get to the forest. The woods are filled with all types of game: squirrels, any and all birds, the occasional deer, and if you're really lucky, a wild boar. But I haven't seen one of those since before my father died. Separating the woods from District 12 is a large chain-link fence topped with barbed wire. It's supposed to electrified twenty-four hours a day, supposedly deterring the more vicious animals: bears, cougars and wild dogs, but usually it's off. Sometimes it'll run for about three hours before its shut off again. But still, after getting shocked once because I was cocky, I stopped assuming. The only reason I wasn't fried to a cinder was because the electricity had been shut off for a few minutes, but there was an underlying current that had yet to fully dissipate. The tell-tale hum of a live fence was non-existent. I dropped onto my stomach and slid under a stretch of fence that's been loose for years, hovering off of the ground by at least two feet. After sliding fully past the fence, I yanked my bag over to my side, and then took off running into the trees. Running in the woods makes me feel alive. To feel the wind whipping by, dodging the low hanging branches, leaping over fallen trees, it's paradise for me in my little piece of hell. I remember being a little girl, running after my father's long strides as he went to grab his new kill. He may not have been a very good hunter with the bow and arrow like Katniss' father, but he was deadly with anything that had a blade. I saw him more than once throw a small dagger at a squirrel running in a tree above our heads only to have the squirrel land on the ground dead a second later with the knife in its chest. All of that stopped one winter when I was 13. Katniss' father had just died a few months previous in a mine explosion and my father and I were working even harder trying to help their family and ours. It started out with a simple cough he developed after hunting in the snow for hours one day. I fed him the warm quail soup I had been cooking and he went to bed shortly after. The next day, he was worse. The coughing turned into hacking and wheezing, and his head was hot. I tried my best to help him. I fed him, I kept him warm, I called for Katniss' mother who was the District's healer, but he just didn't get better. The last time I saw him alive, he was smiling at me just before he fell asleep. I checked on him the next morning, and he wasn't breathing, his heart wasn't beating, and his skin was ice cold. I shook my head of the memories, focusing on the present. My eyes locked on a turkey, pecking at the ground not twenty feet from my current position. I slowly unsheathed my knife and gripped it in my dominant hand. I raised my left arm, to throw, when I heard a familiar voice boom out behind me. "Hey, Raincloud!" I lowered my knife in slight annoyance as one of my best friends scared away the wild bird. "Gale, you owe me a turkey." I turned to grin at him. My name is Ryna, but when I first met him, I was extremely moody, usually very mad. So, in his mind, I was like a rain cloud: dark and angry. Katniss popped up behind him, holding her father's old bow and arrows, smiling. The only time she really shows any emotion is when she's alone or when she's in the woods; finally free. We sat down in our little thicket of blackberry bushes overlooking a valley when Gale held up an arrow. "Look what I shot." A loaf of fresh bakery bread was skewered on the tip. His corny joke earned a laugh from both Katniss and me. Katniss slipped the bread off of the arrow and broke it into pieces for each of us. Fresh bread like this is nothing like the dense, tough, flat loaves we make from grain rations. "Mm, it's still warm." Katniss sighs, inhaling the aroma of the bread. I took my piece and broke off a little nibble. I suppressed a moan. It was delicious. "What did it cost you?" I asked. "Just a squirrel. Think the old man was feeling sentimental this morning." Gale said. "Even wished me luck." "Now is he wishing you good luck that you won't be chosen or bad luck so it won't be one of his?" I questioned, raising an eyebrow. Gale grinned cheekily at me. "I don't think he's sure." "Well, we all feel a little closer today, don't we? Prim left us a cheese." Katniss says as she pulls out the goat cheese. Gale's face brightens while my mouth waters. "Thank you, Prim! We'll have a real feast." Gale cheers. I reached into my bag and pull out the three apples. "It's not a feast without fresh fruits." I tossed each of them an apple. Gale takes a large bite out of the apple with a loud crunch and a large goofy grin. "I almost forgot!" He says, adopting the ridiculous Capitol accent as he mimics Effie Trinket. A freakishly upbeat woman, who comes down once a year to sentence- I mean, read out the names of the two tributes at the reaping. "Happy Hunger Games!" He plucked off a few of the blackberries from the bushes, tossing a few at us. "And may the odds-" Katniss caught at least one while most of the rest just bounced off of my cheeks. "-be ever in your favor!" She and I finish simultaneously with equal enthusiasm. We constantly joke about it because to do otherwise would make us scared stiff. Besides, anything said in the Capitol accent is hilarious anyway. You could probably hand out the punishment for someone's crime, say it in that accent, and they might accept the punishment while laughing their heads off. Gale spread the goat cheese across the top of the bread slices and tops each with a single basil leaf. I took a bite of the bread and cheese. This time, I didn't quiet the moan that escaped my lips. The warm bread was melting the goat cheese, letting it seep into the dough. The apple was sweet and crisp while the berries were tart. "We could do it, you know." Gale's voice interrupts my obsessive thoughts on the food. "What?" Katniss asked. "Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. We could make it, all three of us." "And we'd be running for the rest of our lives, trying not to be spotted by any of the Capitol's hovercrafts." I remarked, wiping a bit of berry juice from the corner of my mouth. "If we didn't have so many kids, it'd be easier." Gale commented. He was referring to his and Katniss' family. He had two younger brothers and one sister while Katniss had Prim. They also had to think of their mothers that they provided for as well. I had no one to look after except myself. I have had no real family since I was nine when my brother was killed. "I never want to have kids." Katniss said. "I might. If I didn't live here." Gale responded. I had never given much thought to having children. The idea was so foreign to me. Me? A mother? I stayed silent. "But you do." Katniss snapped, irritated. "Forget it." Gale snapped back. The cheerful mocking of the Capitol, long forgotten. This wasn't the first time Gale had brought up leaving District 12. Actually, it was a pretty frequent conversation between the two of us. He usually kept stuff like this away from Katniss, knowing her propensity to be a pessimist. I studied the harsh stances that Gale and Katniss adopted. Both had hunched shoulders, and both had identical scowls marring their faces. If I hadn't known any better, I'd say they were related. They both had straight black hair, the same olive skin tone, even the same startling gray eyes. But what really made them seem related was their tempers and stubbornness. "What do you want to do?" Katniss asked,