Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. Summer Lovin' Bella believes there is no better way to spend a hot summer afternoon than floating on a pink raft. Edward has another idea. Edward/Bella. AH. The cool water of the pool kissed Bella's toes as they dangled off the edge pink inflatable raft which gently rocked on the peaceful waves from the flapping filter gate. Her eyes were closed behind large dark sunglasses. She sighed and trailed her hand lazily through the clear blue. The plastic clung hungrily to the sweaty flesh of her arm and her mouth twitched down in a mild frown. She returned to her lethargic tranquility, slowly bobbing up and down as the easy current pushed her towards the side of the pool where Edward stood. He observed her from the water's edge. Her skin glistened with perspiration and the suntan lotion she'd asked him to rub on for her where it wasn't covered by a dark pink bikini. His mouth twitched in a small smile as he remembered the fun he'd had with that. The lotion smelled like sweet coconut and summertime and he'd worked it into her skin with a thoroughness that had wrung a series of small moans from her as he'd massaged her lower back. He had insisted that his fingers had simply slipped while coating her inner thighs, but she had shoved him away with a groan and threatened to dump him in the pool if he didn't behave. "It's too hot for that, Edward," Bella protested lazily. "You're too hot not to," he'd smirked as she pushed away from the edge with her tiny feet, their little red toenails standing out in sharp contrast with the turquoise water. She'd laughed, and pulling her sunglasses down her face, settled into the position she'd now held for half an hour. He watched a bead of sweat at the corner of her lush upper lip before it rolled down the column of her neck. Her head twitched, but she remained otherwise as indifferent to the tickling drop as she seemed to be towards him. She gave a subtle stretch of her legs. While maintaining a general economy of movement, she managed to flex every fiber of muscle along her well-toned legs, sending her dainty feet arching above the shinning surface. Then she flexed them, fanning each toe apart from it's neighbor, holding them quivering over the water for a moment, before she suddenly bent her knees, dropped both feet into the pool, and gave a small kick, which sent her raft moving slowly back to the center. When her feet hit the chilled water, her candy pink mouth had let out a puff of air that managed to convey both surprise and sinful pleasure. Edward decided he'd had enough. He stripped off his shirt, kicked off his sandals, and jumped into the deep end of the pool, not caring that the water weighed down his baggy denim shorts. His splash pushed Bella and her raft further away, towards the shallows, but she merely lifted her head for a moment and, finding its source, returned to her quiet floating. Edward's feet flashed for a second above the water as he kicked down towards the pale blue bottom of his family pool. He swam like a shark, up the inclined floor towards his bobbing pink prey in the shallow end. He surfaced silently next to her dangling feet, folding his legs to keep his shoulders under the cool water, and looked up the length of her body. Bella returned his gaze from under the edge of her glasses and smiled sleepily at him as he crouched near her. She leisurely lifted one leg, softly biting her lower lip as the plastic sucked at her thigh, and touched one large toe to Edward's shoulder before letting it slide off his skin and into the water. "You'll burn up without sun block, whitey," Bella yawned. Edward caught the drifting foot in his hand and cradled the heel as he pulled it towards the center of his chest to rest just below his throat and right of center of his heart. He smirked as he saw her eyes widen slightly under the shade of her dark glasses and proclaimed "I'm happy to lay myself out to your ministrations, cupcake. I've always dreamed of a gorgeous girl straddling me as she caresses fragrant oils into my skin." Bella's breath stuttered sharply at Edward's vivid words. "Peeled grapes and palm fronds were part of the theme," he continued as he ran a thumb up her arch. Bella frowned and pushed off his body with her foot. "I have things to do." Her eyes opened wide with surprise as Edward kept his hold on her foot, then wider as he grabbed the second foot and used them to pull her and the raft closer to his body. "Things like bobbing up and down in my pool for hours with occasional requests for iced tea?" There was a slight edge to his voice as he maintained his gentle but firm grip on her ankles and began to slowly rub his thumbs into the center of her feet. Her toes curled in towards his hands as she gasped, "You're… jealous! Of your pool ?" Edward turned his head and gave a slight nip to the side of one foot, then looked up the line of her leg out of the corner of his eyes. "It's nice not to be ignored by your girlfriend every now and then," he muttered against her chlorine-scented skin. His eyelids flickered downward, trying to keep Bella from seeing the vulnerability in his eyes. She was fully awake now and took in the picture he represented, coiled and kneeling beyond the edge of her raft, between her floating legs. Bella swallowed hard and pushed her glasses back into her hair before stating clearly, "You have my full attention now." Edward's gaze flew towards hers and his grin was like the sun breaking over the mountain-tops, bright and full of wicked promise. His attention was quickly drawn to her bikini clad body stretched out before him. Bella's hands tightened on pink plastic, which protested with a sharp squeak, as his smile grew devilish and he nearly hummed, "Do I now?" Edward's legs bent as he pressed the balls of his feet against the pool floor and pulled Bella closer to the depths by her ankles. He reached a point where he knew he would still be able to stand with his shoulders fully out of the water and then he paused, pushing back on Bella's feet to slow her momentum. He dropped her feet towards the water, and cradled just one ankle in his palm from under the surface of the water. Nudging mildly on her lower calves he spread her legs wide while never loosing connection to that ankle. He could see Bella's mind working overtime behind her hazel eyes, and he decided to make a small mystery of his plans for her. "Flex for me," he decreed with wide green eyes as his other hand trailed a cool line of water from the heel to toe of her foot. Bella arched her brow, even as she shivered at his touch and complied. Edward moved to face the bottom of her foot. He ran a single fingernail over the curves and valleys and across her fanned toes, relishing each hiss that rose faintly from Bella's recumbent form. He pressed a kiss to the ball of her foot and moved back between her feet. He flicked a finger at her toenails. "Why red?" he inquired casually as his finger circled her ankle bone and strayed higher. Bella watched his movements like a hawk. "I was bored last night," she answered quickly as her leg began to tremble, as much from holding it stretched and flexed for so long as from the sensations induced by his lazy examination. "Can I relax my leg now?" "No," Edward replied simply as he traced the marbled path of a faint blue vein up the side of her lower leg. One hand still helped to support her ankle in the water as he stated frankly that if she was so bored that she'd turned to painting her toenails, he'd be more than happy to keep her entertained at night. "Yeah, my dad would love that!" Bella rolled her eyes skyward as her left hand began to drift in the water. She gasped as Edward swiped his finger quickly along the underside of her knee, her most ticklish spot. Her foot fell into the water with a small splash. Before she could protest Edward made a slight 'tsk' and chastised, "You said I had your full attention." Edward's head was at the edge of the raft and framed by her upper calves. He stood up suddenly, his shoulders pushing her legs wider. Bella watched the silver streams of water trail down the muscles of Edward's chest and shoulders and felt her indignation evaporate. "Uh…Sorry," she stuttered, distracted. "That's okay," Edward said back as he ran his hands up the top of her thighs. "I'm sure you'll think of a way to make it up to me." His hands reached half a foot below her hips, and then began a disappointing slide downwards. He winked at her as he finished the thought, "…a smart girl like you." Bella tilted her head and pretended to ponder his words. "I could help you with your English homework!" she declared in a perky tone. Edward's hands slowed against her skin as he seemed to consider her suggestion. "No," he decided sadly, "school is more than a month away." His thumbs pressed briefly into the underside of her knees and she squealed. His wet hands began to creep upwards again, managing to both cool and heat her flesh as they moved. Bella softly chewed on her lower lip, and Edward could see her working to keep her mind on their verbal game as his fingers crept closer and closer to the edge of her swim suit. "Well," she began, "I could –" And then the fingers stopped moving. His thumbs were poised a mere inch from her center. She squinted up at him, obviously trying to read his face against the backlight of the summer sun. "I could move further down on the raft," she offered with a slight hitch in her voice. Edward pulled back and she saw stark longing and pride in his eyes. "You," he proclaimed happily, "are a very smart girl." Edward helped her to slide her warm body down the raft until it supported only her hips and upper body. From her thighs down, she dangled in the cold, clear water, and Edward, standing between her wide spread legs with the pool water lapping at his chest, felt a thankful grin split his face. He had rested one hand on her thigh, but now he moved it up and over her swimsuit until he cupped the ripe curve of her hip, a perfect fit for his hand. He moved his free hand in a high arch over her bare belly, trailing drops of clear water that fell on her hot skin to run down the side of her abdomen or pool in her the indentation of her bellybutton. Bella shivered and arched her back. Her gasps of rapturous pleasure were easier to deal with and he leaned forward to dip his tongue into her golden navel. The taste of chlorine and coconut sunscreen was noxious, but the overwhelming taste of Bella herself invoked a low growl in the back of Edward's throat. The hand at her hip began to toy with the top of her bikini bottom as his second hand slid up her thigh and met her swim suit. He feathered kisses along her abdomen. His thumb swiped once, twice, three times across the front of her suit, then pressed in against her sensitive flesh. Bella's hips