Daddy Hades 2 ncalkins dose not own anything; not beta'ed; ooc; Percy walked out of camp bounds waving good-bye to Luke and Clarisse. He wished them luck as he got into the limousine being driven by a skeleton. The first thing out of his mouth when he greeted his dad at the entrance of the Underworld wasn't I love you or I missed you. No, it was... "A limousine? Really?" In response Hades just muttered something about the campers being lucky he didn't just zap himself there to take Percy. Percy was suddenly grateful for the limousine. Hades led Percy back home helping him unpack; he never knew that Percy wanted something, but he would find out tomorrow. "Can I go to human school?" Percy asked over breakfast, lunch, snack time, and dinner. "No." Hades said back over breakfast, lunch, snack time, and dinner. It took a while, but Percy finally got a answer besides no. That answer just wasn't one he wanted. Instead of saying yes, Hades snapped. "Perseus John Jackson!" Hades roared as the ground around them shook. "I Said NO!" Percy stumbled and fell. His heart pounded within his chest. He felt fear born sweat ran down his face as he heard Stalactites outside the palace fall down with bone rattling crashes. He saw skeleton guards fall to pieces as ghostly maidens cowered. He wished Persephone was here. Sure they didn't get along that well, but she kept Hades calm. Hades calmed down quickly as reality came into view. He felt dread and shame fill his heart when he realized that he had yelled, yelled , at Percy. He physically hurt when he saw Percy's tear filled eyes staring up at him. Hades reached out toward his adoptive son only to recoil when Percy flinch in response. He watched helplessly as Percy scrambled up and away. Once Percy was out of sight Hades felt himself slump. The flames that lit his throne room died down as he made his way back to his throne. He sat down heavily and stared ahead until movement out of the corner of his eye caught his attention. His skeleton guards were reformed, and the ghostly handmaidens were picking up broken plates of Percy's favorite snakes off the floor. He could feel the skeletons dark eyes bore into him judgmentally. He could feel the disapproval come off of his handmaidens in waves. "Get out." Hades whispered. The skeleton guards left as did the handmaidens. Hades sat upon his thrown with his head in his hands among the broken remains of his throne room. He didn't care about that, it could be easily fixed, the damaged done to his bond with Percy, however could not. Later, Hades approached Percy's room. He pressed his ear to the door, but couldn't hear anything for once. He cursed having such think doors for privacy. He knew that Percy was in there; he could feel Percy's presence in there. He didn't want to just shadow travel into Percy's room. He respected Percy's privacy too much to do that. He raised his hand to knock, but froze. 'Maybe if I went in there with his favorite sweet he'll be less likely to kick me out.' Hades thought before he snapped his fingers and a plate appeared in his hands. "Perseus," Hades called as he knocked before wincing. That sounded too serious. As if Percy was in trouble. "Percy." He amended opening Percy's bedroom door. "I've brought a treat...Your favorite. Vanilla ice cream on a fresh out of the oven brownie with blue sprinkles." He smiled weakly almost expecting Percy to hop up and cheer like he always did, but that smile fell quickly when that didn't happen. Instead Percy just curled deeper under his blankets and sniffled. Hades felt like there was a rock in his stomach as he set the plate down on the bedside table. "Come on, Percy. Your treat is going to get cold." He said softly as he gently shook his adoptive son. Percy peeked out of the blanket sea-green eyes were surrounded by red making the face of Hades tighten. "Will you eat it with me?" Percy asked softly. Hades smiled gently. "Of course." Percy sat up as Hades sat down. Together they ate the treat in silence. It wasn't long before that silence was broken. "I thought you were mad at me." Percy mumbled as he slowly scooped up a bit of brownie. "I'm not mad at you." Hades said shaking his head as he looked at Percy. "I just don't want to lose you." "But I'll be fine." Percy argued looking up at his adoptive-dad. "I've been training at camp, so I can fight monsters. And next to monsters, humans should be no problem." "That's not it." Hades said before he swallowed his pride to admit what he was feeling. "I've been alone all summer, and you want to go out. You're leaving me for the winter and fall when that's the only time I get to see you." Percy felt like a jackass. His dad been stuck here with only the occasional call from him to look forward to. It's no wonder Hades felt abandoned when he was planning to leave as soon as he got back. "I'll be back here at night." Percy said softly as he squeezed his adoptive father's hand. "It's not the same." Hades argued softly as he set down his spoon wanting Percy to get the last bites. "I just wanted to feel like a normal kid." Percy muttered as he finished off his treat and placed the plate on the nightstand. Hades and Percy sat in silence for a moment before Hades said. "I'll make a deal with you. If I let you go to mortal school than I reserve the right to pull you out of there for any reason, and you have to tell me how your day went." "Okay!" Percy said happily. "Leave nothing out." Hades growled as he leaned toward Percy, who leaned back because...dude personal space. So Percy ended up going to Meriwether College Prep. Which wasn't that bad at first. The teachers were pretty laid back. The students sit on beanbags instead of at desk, they didn't get grades, and the teachers tended to wear jeans and rock concert T-shirts. The first time Hades saw the teachers he kept calling them hippies even though they kept asking him to stop; Percy never blushed so hard in his life when Hades yelled. "Get with the times you wannabe! No ones even been to Woodstock in over thirty years!" Of course Percy couldn't help but poke fun at him. "Get with the times? Says the guy who still wears Ancient Greek togas." Percy said. He laughed as Hades pushed him a bit. "Shut up." Hades said with a smile. He still wasn't happy that his son was going to school, but he was glade to see his son joyful. Percy's first day at school was pretty good, and he would joyfully tell his adoptive-dad and his father about everything that was going on; one over dinner, the other over IM. Hades didn't like his son being so far away, but he calmed down after a couple of days when no monsters attacked. Then everything started to go down hill. It started off as a normal day, until lunch. Percy went outside to eat only to see a kid, a really big kid but a kid none the less, being bullied by someone else. He ran over when that kid started to cry. As he drew closer he noticed a rank smell coming from that area. He ignored it as he stepped in front of the crying boy. "Knock it off!" Percy demanded from his classmate, Matt Sloan. "Or what?" Sloan sneered back showing off several of his missing teeth. "Or this." Percy said right before he hit Sloan in the nose. Of course that's when a teacher looked over at them. So Percy got in trouble for protecting a kid. The kid, Tyson, protested as Percy was dragged away to the principle's office but it did no good. Now Percy sits in an uncomfortable chair waiting for his punishment. To his surprise Tyson sat next to him even though he had been told several times to leave eventually the secretary gave up. It probably helped that Tyson started to cry. "Thank you." Tyson shyly whispered to Percy. "You're welcome. I can't stand bullies." Percy said finally getting a good smell, I mean, look at the kid he had protected. There was no doubt that this kid was the rich school's charity case. He was big, lumbering, dirty, and dressed in rags. Next to him Percy felt like he was dressed like a prince, and he was wearing an old pair of jeans and a T-shirt. Percy felt pity well up within him for the poor kid. There was no doubt in Percy's mind that Tyson would get eaten alive without him. "Percy Jackson, the principle will see you now." The secretary told him. Percy nodded, waved goodbye to Tyson, and walked into the principle's room. It was pretty boring looking. Gray, no pictures, and no window. The only things in there was a desk, a chair in front of the desk, and a principle behind the desk. Percy wondered how such a laid back school could have such a cold principle. "Mr. Jackson." The principle, a Mr. Head if that plaque on the desk was to be believed, greeted as Percy sat down. "Sir." Percy said nodding in greeting making sure to be respectful...slightly at least. "Mr. Jackson," The principle said ignoring Percy's greeting. "It has come to my attention that you have caused some trouble here. It appears that you have broken Mr. Sloan's nose." The principle leaned forward trying to appear intimidating, but when you grew up with Greek Gods and monsters taking care of you. Most humans lose their scare factor. So Percy just looked at him knowing that if he tried to say anything, he'd just be in more trouble. "Several students say that they saw you punch Mr. Sloan for no reason." Mr. Head said looking down through his glasses at some papers as if witness reports were written there. Percy felt anger run though his vines. The other kids too scared of Sloan "The Stone" must have back that bully up. It didn't help that Percy was the new kid, so he didn't have any loyal friends, and he helped the charity case AKA "The Loser". Percy held his tongue as the principle continued. "That's why we've called your father." 'Shite.' Percy thought just as a knock came from the door. The principle called for the knocker to come in, and Percy's worst fear was realized. Hades came in dressed in an Italian suit with his hair slicked back. He came to a stop in front of the principle's desk sparing Percy a look. The two adults shook hands as Percy looked on with dawning horror. This was the end of mortal school. "So what seems to be the problem?" Hades cold, silky, voice filled the room visibly cowing the principle. The principle cleared his throat as he sat down gesturing for Hades to sit as well. Hades did so next to Percy. Percy felt amusement bubble within him as the principle shifted in his chair trying to appear as majestic as Hades. That amusement rose as the principle spoke his voice noticeably deeper trying to match or out do the Greek God...It didn't work. "Perseus," Percy made a face at this man saying his full name which both grown-ups ignored. "Punched a student who was participating in friendly teasing with another." "It wasn't friendly teasing." Percy protested drawing the attention of the adults. He turned to his adoptive father. "He was bullying, Tyson." "Tyson?" Hades questioned as the principle waved away Percy's concern. "He's just a student that a benefactor paid for us