The Big Three Demigods. By Ncalkins, OOC, AU, I Do Not Own This whole mess started because of Zeus, Jupiter, and his inability to keep it in his pants. He swore to never sire demigod children again; he swore on the river Styx, but that didn't stop him. Hermes, Mercury, fumed as he flew through the rain with a chimera chasing him. The one who sent the chimera after him, scared him more than any monster. His step-mother. Of course she got pissed at Zeus when he broke not only an oath to not have anymore demigod children, but the promise to her that she could have his Roman son. At the last minute Zeus, Jupiter, changed his mind. He ordered Hermes, Mercury, to collect the child and to keep him out of Hera's, Juno's, hands. "This whole thing is just a huge mess," Hermes grumbled. The blue eyed baby blinked up at him. He dodged the aerial attack from the monster, and then had to swerve out of the way of Hera's blast. "I can't even hold my own kids let alone fly with them, but you're the child of Old Big and Mighty," Hermes complained. The chimera slowed down, giving up, but Hera remained right behind him. He would have to give her the slip soon. "Mr. I-Can-Drag-Down-Olympus-But-Not-Even-All-The-Gods-and-The-Earth-Can-Drag-Down-Me," Hermes mocked as he tightened his hold on Jason. "Of course he gets special rules, and expects no consistences. Just you wait, kid. You're gonna give your daddy heartache, because when you swear on the river Styx, and then break that swear you will be punished. Even if you're a god, especially if you're a god. The only difference is if Zeus gets a smack down we'll all suffer. Kind to think of it, we'll all suffer if Hera doesn't get you." Hermes sighed as he gathered his powers around him. He made the baby fall asleep. At least this way the kid wouldn't burst into flames. "I'm getting too old for this backstabbing, he said, she said, high school drama BS," Hermes said as he teleported away. Hermes placed Jason in the care of the same nymph, Cynosura, who raised Zeus. He then took a decoy baby and flew away. He eventually got caught. Hera raged at him more fierce than any other time before. She swore that he would be punished, and flashed away most likely to try to find Jason. Luckily for Jason, the wards that hid Cynosura and Zeus from the eye of Kronos still worked. A few quick tweaks, and Hera would no longer be able to find him for a time but it wouldn't last forever. Hermes returned to Olympus. He flashed outside golden doors edged with achievements the gods felt pride in. Hermes smiled at the etching of him chopping off the head of Hydra; he loved the actions his kids did to honor him. He prodded the doors opened and stepped into the marble room with twelve thrones forming a giant U. His footsteps echoed back at him as he walked up to his father, who sat on his throne, with the intent on asking what he should do now when Hera flashed in. "You swore that child would be my champion," Hera hissed. Her eyes flashed. Her teeth mashed against each other. Overall Hermes thought she looked like the Nemean Lion throwing a fit. "I changed my mind. He's too valuable to be used as a bargaining chip between us." Zeus spoke calmly crossing his arms across his chest. Hermes kept silent as he eased himself into his black massage chair. He turned it on a low setting summoned a blue bowl filled with popcorn, and decided to enjoy the show. After the day he had, he deserved this, but that didn't mean he wanted to get dragged into it. So he kept silent and out of sight. Reason said he should have felt safe like that, but he still tensed as Hera bristled. Surprisingly, Zeus didn't react to Hera's scowl. Zeus summoned drinks for the two of them, and gestured for Hera to sit down. Hermes watched as Hera sat down in her golden seat, cushioned for comfort, with a pecan motif backboard. He wondered what would happen as the King and Queen of Olympus faced one another. Zeus handed Hera her drink. All three sat in silence. Hera and Zeus relaxed against their chairs, ignoring Hermes in favor of studying each other through narrow eyes. Hermes despite his massage chair looked close to snapping like a twig. His untouched bowl of popcorn trembled in his lap. "Hera, my lovely wife, why are you so angry?" Zeus questioned. Hera turned red. "Why? You broke the sanctity of marriage to have a five bit whore bear your child!" "If I didn't we wouldn't have demigods to serve us," Zeus said. Hermes winced. He knew that wouldn't work. Zeus should know too, so why would he say that? "Oh, please," Hera huffed taking a sip of her wine. "We get plenty of demigods from Apollo and Hermes." Hermes halted his action of taking a drink from his, self-summoned, wine. He stopped breathing, and stared at the floor. His tense back should break from the strain. He wanted to yell that most of those kids didn't belong to him. He wanted to beg to be allowed to expand his cabin and table, but knew he would be brushed off because it surely couldn't be that bad. He kept silent and watched the King and Queen of Heaven. "Alright," Zeus agreed. He placed his cup down. The golden goblet clinked softly as it touched marble the loudest noise so far. "How about this: You are allowed to search of Jason for ten years. If you can not find him, then he is mine, and you can never touch him. You can't send monsters after him, you can't claim him as your champion, and you cannot kill him." "And why would I do that," Hera laughed out. "You owe me that child." "If you do and you find him," Zeus said. His finger traced the rim of his cup. Hermes knew what he was doing. Drawing Hera's interest by pretending not to care. "Then you can have my daughter as well." Hermes's heart jolted. It seemed unthinkable to him. To offer up one's children as a sacrifice. He couldn't, wouldn't, imagine doing it. Hera pursed her lips. Her eyes narrowed as she sat down, her cup. "You would give me," Hera purred. "Two demigods. Two strong champions to do my bidding. Two offerings for me granting me a bit more power?" "Only," Zeus said, looking up. "If you can find him." "Deal." Hera and Zeus shook hands, and Hera flashed out already starting her search. "Hermes," Zeus called. In a flash Hermes stood at his side. "I want you to take Jason away from Cynosura." "Alright," Hermes nodded. He walked away only to stop as Zeus called out. "Wait, instead of getting him yourself get someone else to." Zeus's forehead crinkled, and he tensed as he straightened in his seat. "Hera will be watching you closely, so keep your nose clean." "How do you know she's not watching us now?" Hermes demanded his eyes fierce. The thought of someone spying on him made his skin crawl. "I've clouded her vision," Zeus said. The grooves between his eyebrows deepened. "And it's pain. She's trying to get through; she doesn't trust what I showing her." "Won't that make her suspicious?" Hermes asked, raising a golden-brown eyebrow. He put his hands in his jogging jacket pockets. "It would if I wasn't showing her an empty throne room," Zeus smirked. "As well as an image of me flirting with a nymph and you sleeping in your home." "Me? Sleeping?" Hermes laughed tiredly. His eyelids clamped down on bruised bottoms. He rubbed a hand down his face. "Father you must be dreaming." "We never expected humans to advance so much," Zeus said softly. His blue eyes stared at the purple bags under his son's eyes. "If we had we would have assigned more than one god to the traveling business." "Whatever," Hermes said as he waved his hand in front of his face. "It's in the past, and I've got to deal with it now." Zeus frowned as he stared at his immortal son. Hermes looked so weary. He knew that his boy had been seeing that woman, May Castellan, a seer who had tried to take the place of the old Oracle. It had not gone well. He had fathered a child named Luke with that woman, and like all gods, he could not see him or her again. A stone settled in Zeus's stomach. Hermes must hate him for asking him to do this. "Your child, Luke, how is he?" Zeus rumbled avoiding Hermes probing eyes. "I don't know," Hermes bit out. "I'm not allowed to see him." "You know the laws," Zeus said. He glared down at Hermes. His fist clenched on the arms of his throne. "I know the laws," Hermes huffed. "I know that you are aloud to break sworn oaths with no expected consequences while the rest of us get flayed alive for even thinking about looking at our children." "I have no more interaction with my children than you do Hermes!" Zeus thundered. He stood up, looming over Hermes, eyes dark and glaring. "I made those laws for their protection. You know better than anyone that when gods and mortals mix it ends in tragedy, more often than not for the mortal." Hermes flinched the memory of May trying to become the Oracle still fresh in his mind. His other lovers cursing his name for leaving, becoming depressed, committing suicide, turning to drugs, and other horrible things that fill his dreams at night. He had failed his lovers and his children by not being there, but he did worse by trying to stay with them. Questions that couldn't always be answered drove a wedge between them, constant disappearances had hurt his children and lovers, and what happen next haunted his days. When around his children his scent overpowered theirs, so no monster attacked them, but when he left the monsters went not only after his children but their mothers too. His scent covered the demigods, who would probably be attacked anyway, and their mothers prompting the power hungry monsters to kill them. "Everything I have done has been for the good of my kingdom," Zeus said stepping down from his throne. "Every child, I sired, demigod or god, was for Olympus. My demigod children did things that others could not. My godly children furthered my empire..." "Hera doesn't see it that way." Hermes said, backing away from Zeus. His heart still stung from the onslaught of memories. "If I followed Hera's rules," Zeus said. He sighed as he stopped a few feet from Hermes. "Our empire would have fallen long before it did." "What do you mean?" Hermes asked he swallowed his spit for all the good it did. His throat would hurt less if he swallowed sandpaper. "Come now, Hermes," Zeus groaned, rubbing his forehead. "You're a smart kid. If I stuck with Hera we wouldn't have as many gods, and Olympus would have fallen apart. The demigods are the only reason we have so much power. If I don't have any children, then I lose power." "Then why did you offer your son to Hera?" Hermes asked, looking at Zeus up and down through narrow eyes. "So she wouldn't kill him," Zeus said. "What do you mean you're losing power?" Hermes asked. He figured that Zeus was being dramatic. Zeus scowled as he said, "I have found out that Hera has been going to the women that we men have left behind with the promise of a good marriage if they give her offerings, and most take that offer. She's getting more offerings than I, and though she is not as