A/N: Hey everyone! I'm back with another story. This one will be a bit different from anything I've written before, so I truly hope you enjoy it. In honor of Veteran's Day tomorrow, I'd like to dedicate this first posting to all the courageous men and women who have fought for and served this great nation of ours. I'd also like to remember and honor the men and women who loved and stood behind those brave patriots. Most characters belong to S. Meyer. The rest is mine. And once again, Michelle Renker Rhodes is my silly, sweet Beta-Girl. "They have given their sons to the military services. They have stoked the furnaces and hurried the factory wheels. They have made the planes and welded the tanks. Riveted the ships and rolled the shells." - President Franklin D. Roosevelt (addressing women's contributions to WWII). September, 2014 My eyes sweep over the vast field where green grass undulates lazily in the mid-September breeze, blades swaying back and forth, indecisive as to whether they're coming or going. Squinting against the sun's bright glare, I adjust my thick-lensed, red-rimmed frames so that I can make out the objects far beyond the old, magnificent evergreen. Thick lenses notwithstanding, my sight is no longer what it once was. I remove the burdensome frames and bunch up my red silk blouse around them, quickly wiping off miniscule fragments of lint before returning them to their resting place. Moving closer to the window, I spy something headed this way, kicking up drab, dry earth into the air and making that air drift and churn like a miniature hurricane. The word for the rapidly approaching object is on the tip of my tongue, but as so many things lately, it escapes me for a few seconds; names and entities intimately familiar take longer to process; they become 'watchamacallits' in my mind. But this – four wheels, an engine, and a steering wheel – this is almost comical how long it's taking me to remember the name! Oh yes, it's a car. A familiar one. Big and black, with three rows and a huge trunk used to carry bikes and basketballs... An SUV… Isabella's SUV. My heart gives a thrilled little lurch. I place a withered hand over it to try and ease its anxious hammering. "Leah! Leah, Isabella's coming!" "Yes, Mama." Leah's response carries from one of the other rooms, probably the kitchen judging from the delicious scents wafting in the air. "I told you she and the kids were coming today, remember? And so are Bastian and Charlie and their families." A vague recollection tickles somewhere in the back of my mind…there is something I should be remembering about today… "It's your ninetieth birthday, Mama." "Oh yes," I say. "So it is." "That's nothing to be so nonchalant about," she chuckles. "It's a milestone to be proud of." "Well, at least it's an excuse for your brothers and the grandchildren to visit." I keep my eyes on the fast-moving vehicle headed this way, still dispersing earth and soil as it barrels down the narrow, winding road. The SUV takes the last bend at an angle that makes me shudder, and then it barely comes to a halting stop before the boy is already out. His long hair, so much like his great-grandfather's hair, waves wildly in the wind. "Look, it's Isabella and the kids! Are they staying for supper?" I ask, still looking out the window. My daughter, Leah, stands behind me. She rests her hand on my shoulder. "Yes, Mama," she says. Her voice sounds quietly patient. "Today is your birthday." "Oh yes. So it is." I smile and watch Isabella open the trunk. She pulls out a couple of large, brown paper bags with the words "Whole Foods" printed on the side and precariously balances each in one arm while the girls languidly step out of the back seat, eyes glued to those little telephones they carry with them everywhere. "Ethan, at least help me with one of these bags!" I hear Isabella screech. The boy plainly huffs before turning around and grabbing one of the bags from his mother's arms. "Your father will be so pleased to see them," I say before turning to look at Leah. "Should I wake him, do you think?" Leah tilts her head, her dark eyes warm as she strokes my cheek, her tender fingers gliding back and forth along withered, spotted skin. "Mama, maybe not just yet." "I suppose the kids can be a bit rambunctious, can't they, especially that Ethan." I smile. "Got too much of his great-grandpa in him. We'll wake him later then, after Charlie and Bastian arrive with their families." She nods and takes my hand in hers. "Okay, Mama." An adamant fist bangs on the door, demanding entry. "Coming! Coming!" Leah says. She walks to the door while I wait anxiously by my spot near the window, my heart suddenly racing with anticipation. Yet when Leah opens up, the boy runs in right past her, drops the bag, and all I manage to catch are streaks of color - red, brown, blue, and white - before he turns right back around. "Ethan! Ethan, get your butt back over here and say hi to your grandmothers!" Isabella storms in, dropping the other bag on the floor as she yells after her youngest little monster. But the boy barely bothers to turn and merely throws out a hurried "Hi Grandmas!" before he's off. Still, I can't fault him for being anxious to get to the big evergreen, where the tire swing awaits him underneath a canopy of heavy branches. It's always been one of my favorite spots as well. There are things I don't remember quite so easily anymore, moments lost in a haze of time and age - moments when I'm about to say something or think something, and then suddenly the words or thoughts are…gone, gone like a flowing, silver stream swallowed up by a wide, dark river. But there are moments and truths that will never fade; not with time or age. Like this truth: Ethan loves that swing. He laughs and yells and tilts himself practically up to the sky while his long, skinny legs propel him to heights that make his mother cringe and scream and that fill my mind with so many memories… I'm snapped back to the present by Isabella's anger. She scowls at her son's retreating form. "That damn boy has been running wild since his father was deployed again. I'm going to have to tell Matt to have a talk with him as soon as he returns from duty. Skye, Olivia, put the phones down and say hi to your grandmothers." With a deep sigh, the twin, sixteen year-old blond, blue-eyed beauties return their phones to their purses. They take after their father, unlike their brother; when I look at Ethan, I'm back along the Sol-Duc River eighty-somewhat years ago, looking up into the face of- "Hi, Nana Bella," Skye (or is it Olivia?) says, giving me a kiss and a careful hug, breaking me out of one of those reveries that have been taking over more and more lately. Then the other one hugs and kisses me. Then Isabella, my namesake, hugs me. "Happy Birthday, Nana. How have you been? You look so pretty in your red blouse and red lipstick." "Why thank you, Child. I've been just fine." I study her through my thick, red frames. There's a deep melancholy in Isabella's big, golden eyes, a sadness that I can't fail to recognize; it's the constant fear and longing for a lover risking his life, thousands of miles away. Yet there's something else lurking deep within her eyes today, something she seems to be trying to hide. I pat her soft cheek. "Your grandfather will be so happy to see you." She smiles. "We brought you a birthday present." "You and the kids visiting us is all the present we need." She sighs and hugs me tight again. "Oh, Nana." OOOOOOOOOO After putting away the groceries she's brought, Isabella excuses herself, and I go join my daughter and great-granddaughters in the kitchen. My gait is admittedly a bit slow these days, and so I hear the girls squealing before seeing the object that's caused all the fuss: A bowl full of dark, brown batter rests in the middle of the counter. "You're baking a cake?" I ask. Leah looks up quickly. "Mama! It was a surprise! Girls, I thought I asked you to keep Nana Bella entertained in the front room, so she wouldn't see her cake?" "Sorry." They murmur simultaneously – though they don't even look up from their phones. Leah purses her lips, but smiles again when she looks back to me. "Of course I'm baking a cake, Mama. It's your birthday today." "Oh yes, it is. I suppose I'll be turning…ninety." "That's right!" Leah grins from ear to ear. "I'm so proud of you, Mama!" "I don't see how my being older than the moon is something to be proud of, but very well," I proclaim. Apparently, I've said something humorous because Skye and Olivia both giggle. "Now, Mama, don't act so unimpressed." Leah lifts one reprimanding eyebrow at me as she mixes away at the batter. "Not many people can say they've been blessed with so many years and have seen so much rich history first-hand." I roll my eyes as I take a seat at the counter. The girls gather around, peeking up from their phones every couple of minutes to see what their grandmother is doing, until I finally spy Leah quirk an admonishing eyebrow at them. There's a chorus of quiet sighs as the phones get placed on the counter, and their sleeves get rolled up. "You made my favorite cake?" I ask. "Well, it's your birthday, so of course I'd make your favorite." "It's my birthday…" A hazy mist sheathes my eyes. For a few seconds, it's not my daughter or granddaughters I see standing in the kitchen… It's a beautiful woman with silky, copper hair , pinned into a simple bun. A white apron covers up the slightly worn, yet elegant, blue day dress that falls to just below her knees. She smiles at me, her bright, green eyes sparkling warmly. She holds a mixing spoon in one hand and a bowlful of home-made batter in the other. " Bella, I'm baking a cake for Edward's birthday. Would you like to help?" " I've never baked a cake." " You've never helped your mama bake a cake?" There's obvious surprise in her voice. " No, ma'am. Mrs. Clearwater does all our cooking, and I'm not allowed in the kitchen to watch. Mother says it isn't ladylike." She sighs, her warm eyes crinkling at the corners. "Well here in this house you're allowed to learn and help with anything you want." Her fingers stroke my cheek. "Do you want to help?" I nod vigorously. "Yes, Mrs. Cullen." " Okay, then," she says softly. "And remember, Bella, you may just call me Esme..." "This cake is hella-weird," Olivia (or Skye) says. She purses those purple-painted lips of hers, glaring warily at the mix before her. "You're putting vinegar in it?" "And water?" Skye (or Olivia) giggles. "That's how the recipe goes." Leah patiently mixes away. "Where are the butter, eggs and milk?" one of the girls asks. "When are you going to add in those?" "There's no butter, eggs or milk in this cake," Leah says. "What?" the girl cries. "What kind of wack-as-hell cake doesn't have butter, eggs or milk?" "The kind of cake we used to have when I was a little girl growing up during the Depression," I say, "when butter, eggs and milk were too expensive, and then during the war, when they were rationed, and we had to go without sometimes." Olivia/Skye wrinkles her dainty, button nose. "Growing up back then must've seriously