Hey, everyone! Here's a little Christmas story I wrote for the Jingle All the Way Writing Contest. Came in second place, so thanks. Betad by the lovely Michelle Renker Rhodes. Characters belong to S. Meyer. The rest is mine. So if you're still in that holiday mood… I'm forced out of one of the best dreams I've had in a long time by small fingers prying open my eyes. Soft brown orbs peer down at me, their outer and inner corners framed by bits of dried, overnight tears that have crystallized into eye crust. "Good morning, Daddy." The dried drool around the edges of her mouth cracks as she speaks. Her morning breath washes over me. It's not as bad as adult morning breath, but it's not peaches and cream either. My first instinct is to complain about the fantasy she's just thoughtlessly annihilated. Warm legs were wrapped around my thighs, straddling me hard and bouncing on my lap like a goddamn cowgirl aiming for first place at the rodeo. Then in an instant, it was all replaced by the aforementioned human crust and the thick flakes of snow I now see falling from the wide bedroom window. A pang of guilt hits me, tightening my throat before I can speak any negative thoughts or release an exhale full of blue-balled frustration for that matter. The shit of it all is that none of this would've been my wife's first instincts or reactions. "Good morning, Angelface." My voice is hoarse and groggy from unfulfilled sleep. When I glance at the clock on the nightstand, I see part of the reason why. The green digits confirm what the darkness surrounding the snow outside hinted at. "Angel, dawn hasn't even broken yet. What are you doing up?" "I couldn't sleep." Her voice quivers. A split second later, she drops her head to my chest, wraps her small arms around me, and breaks into sobs. "I miss Mommy." OOOOOOOOOO She falls asleep again, this time with her mouth wide open on my bare chest and her drool and snot on my pecks. While she sleeps, I run my fingers through the length of her long hair, which is so much like her mother's. I think it soothes her, and I also think it might be what my wife would've done in this situation. My own eyes remain open as I stare up at the ceiling and think of her. I miss her with both my groin and my head. The sun does eventually make an appearance just as I was beginning to drift off; although, I don't manage an encore of that great as fuck dream. I wake up Angelface (her mother and I nicknamed her that as soon as she popped out because I swear, once the blood and gook got wiped off of her, she had the face of an angel). Of course, now she doesn't want to get up, so I carry her down the hall to her bathroom, noting how much heavier she feels since she turned seven last month. Mom tells me that with Angelface getting older, I need to be firmer with her. " I know you feel bad about turning her away right now, but it'll just turn into a bad habit if you keep allowing it. Before you know it, she'll be sixteen and still wandering into your bedroom in the middle of the night." Maybe for the New Year, I'll make iron-fist-rule one of my resolutions. For now, it's not like Angelface is interrupting anything other than wild cowgirl dreams. After my cold morning shower, I stare blankly out the window at the small mountains of snow accumulating on the driveway. Behind me, the bedroom TV drones on with the morning show's mix of news, gossip, holiday recipes, and recommendations for last minute gifts. Angelface suddenly calls out from her room. "Daddy, I can't find my Elsa headband!" "Which one is that?" I yell back, hastily pulling on sweatpants and simultaneously searching for a tee-shirt in the basket of clean laundry that should've been sorted a week ago. "The one that goes with my Elsa Christmas outfit - the one with the white snowflakes!" She adds this as if it'll help me figure out which one she means. It probably would've helped my wife. "Isn't it in that pink basket where you keep all your hair things?" I pull the wrinkled tee-shirt over my head while heading to her room. "No!" When I walk in, she's standing in front of her dresser mirror. From her reflection, I see she's heading straight for a meltdown. She's wearing her Elsa sky blue sweater with the matching blue and white tights, and yeah, I remember now that there's a matching headband to the outfit, something with sparkly sequins meant to be snowflakes if I recall correctly. "Mommy puts the headband in the sweater sleeve so that I won't lose it! Did you wash it and put it away in the wrong place?" I rake a hand through my scalp and fist my hair, smiling ruefully. "Hmm, that is a distinct possibility." When she throws back her head and groans, I chuckle. "Daddy, I need the headband for the school party!" "You can't go to the school party without the headband?" "No!" "Alright, alright. Let's see what your thoughtless oaf of a dad did with that headband." Despite her ire, a faint smile lifts up the corners of her mouth. "What's an oaf?" Kneeling in front of her dresser drawers, I search carefully through badly-folded piles of clothing. "An oaf is a rather unattractive monster, who doesn't know enough to put his daughter's Elsa headband in the sleeve of her Elsa sweater." This definition makes her giggle. I exhale through narrowed lips – though I'm on the third drawer and still no Elsa headband to be found, so this may still end badly. See, the thing is, Angelface is not, by nature, what some might term a 'crybaby.' But it's Christmas Eve, and she's seven years old, and this Christmas, it'll only be her and me. Nevertheless, she soon absolves me of being a monster if not necessarily of anything else. "Daddy, you're not an oaf. I heard Mommy tell Aunt Alice once that you were the cutest boy in high school. But…you did lose my headband – so maybe you're half an oaf." I turn and meet her gaze, and she looks so much like her mother that I quickly turn away again. "Hmm." I hold up the piece of material which I just found tangled in a set of pink, flannel pajamas at the bottom of the very last dresser drawer. "Would a half-oaf have been able to find this ?" She squeals, and I roar with laughter as she snatches the headband out of my hand and throws herself against me. "Thank you, Daddy! Thank you! You're not an oaf after all! You're the best daddy in the world!" I'm not sure if the trouble I'm having breathing is due to her arms cutting off my air supply or to something else entirely. OOOOOOOOOO We meet in the kitchen after we've both finished dressing. I'm whipping up a batch of pancakes while on a call with a pain-in-the-ass employee back at the office. "Daddy, I don't want pancakes this morning. I had pancakes yesterday, and remember? If I have pancakes for breakfast two days-" "Shh," I order her as I try to do away with the stubborn lumps in the pancake batter. "So Mike, you're saying about those numbers?" "Can I have eggs instead – with the white part still mushy, the way Mommy does them?" I turn toward the stove to block out her voice, so I can hear the guy on the phone. "Mike, can you repeat that?" Giving up on the lumps, I pour the batter into the heated pan. "Daddy..." "Mike," I sigh, "it's not a matter of how long it will take me to work out the numbers, it's how quickly you can get them to me. It's Christmas Eve, and…" Rolling my eyes at his excuses, I turn away from the rising pancake to hastily check on my daughter. She's sitting at the kitchen counter with a deep frown marring her forehead. "Mike, just get me those numbers by late morning, and I'll work on them this afternoon. But in the future, don't wait until Christmas Eve, man. I've got plans for tonight." Total lie. Angelface starts mumbling to herself in a voice too low for me to hear. "…belly...too much…." I narrow my eyes warily at her before returning to the pancake and flipping it over. "Mike, I'm signing off at three today. After that, I'm not signing back on until January second. I'll be waiting for those numbers. Asshole ." I hiss the word after ending the call, glaring at the phone for a few seconds. When I turn around, Angelface is watching me with an expression of clear disapproval. "Mommy taught me that lying is bad." "She taught you right." "She also said you shouldn't be mean to Mr. Mike just because he was her boyfriend when she was young and stupid." I quirk a brow. "What do you know about boyfriends?" "Plenty." She crosses her arms against her chest. "My friends, Bree and Diego, are boyfriend and girlfriend. And Tyler wants to be Gianna's boyfriend, only she says he's too-" "Alright, alright," I say. "Point made. Man, are you guys seven or seventeen?" "Daddy, you know we're seven." She wrinkles her brow in confusion, not too young to know about boyfriends but totally too young to catch the sarcasm. I sigh. "I'm not mean to Mike because he was Mommy's boyfriend when she was young and…whatever, I'm mean to him because he's an asshole." "I don't think Mommy would want you to say that word." "Yeah, yeah, I know." OOOOOOOOOO I pull into a parent parking spot at Forks Elementary about ten minutes after the morning bell has rung. Turning off the ignition, I exhale about the fiftieth breath of frustration this morning. Outside, the snow is really starting to pile up. I'm going to have to do some serious shoveling before it all freezes in the driveway. The last thing we need is for Angelface's grandparents, aunts, and uncles to have a hard time getting to us tomorrow, and then she'll be stuck with only me. "Come on, Angelface. You carry the bagels, and I'll carry the presents. Hey, you and Grandma did some great wrapping." I smile at her while she languidly picks up her backpack and the bag of bagels and cream cheese we picked up on the way over. "Thanks," she says blandly. "What's going on?" We're making our way carefully through the snow and down the walkway leading to the main entrance. I'm balancing three gift bags in each hand. Each bag contains an identical candle purchased from that sticky-sweet smelling store we visited in Seattle last weekend when I took my daughter to see Santa. My wife would've visited each store in the mall and picked out thoughtful, personalized gifts for each teacher. And for the party, she would've baked a few of her amazing Pumpkin Rolls with vanilla cream cheese filling. But this year, it's just me, so peppermint scented candles and store-bought bagels with plain cream cheese are what they're getting. Mom, Dad, and Charlie accompanied us to see Santa this past weekend. Last year, when my wife was with us, and the jolly, old guy asked my daughter what she wanted for Christmas, he "ho, ho, hoed" his jolly, old ass off when Angelface excitedly whispered her wishes into his ear. This year, when Santa asked Angelface what she wanted for Christmas and my daughter leaned in and whispered in his ear, she left the poor old guy with a dour expression that no busy Mall Santa should ever wear in front of children ages two