A/N: This is my entry for the Age of Edward Contest. It won a Judges Choice award, awarded by ARFalcon AND a runner-up Judges Choice, awarded by Runtagua! It was inspired by the Titanic, because I find that entire tragic incident fascinating, and can only imagine all the back stories that took place during that crossing. Ceci Lolypowski has done me the honor of making a beautiful banner for this story, and there's also the kick-ass banner prepared by Betti Gefecht for the AOE contest. Hope you guys enjoy it! This entry was originally 15,000 words, and Michelle Renker Rhodes and I had an incredible time cutting it down to close enough to 12,000 to be accepted into the contest! This is what resulted. Maybe one day I'll post the original 15,000 word version. :) Title of Story: The Crossing Word Count: 12,493 Type of Edward: Time-travelward (early 1900's/2033) Category: Literotica Story Summary: I'mon the unsinkable ship. The one that History tells us hit an iceberg and sank at two-twenty a.m. on April 15, 1912. I'm on Titanic - and I've traveled through time and space to save her . Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Betad by Michelle Renker Rhodes. Journal Entry 1: April 11, 2033 / April 11, 1912 Time: Dusk Emmett, before I begin, let me just say that I'm going to conduct these entries like a conversation with you so that when I get back, you can confirm that all this really happened: that the five years we spent on this project paid off, that we were successful and able to overcome a mountain of paradoxical physics. I may need proof that I'm not insane - that I've really traveled one hundred and twenty years into the past. Right now, I'm hiding inside a lifeboat, naked and clutching my small, steel box. The air temperature outside feels about forty-seven degrees Fahrenheit or so, but a few people are out and about. If I've landed on the correct date, the ship set sail yesterday from Southampton, England, made a stop in Cherbourg, France a few hours later, and left Queenstown, Ireland a few hours ago with a total of 2,228 passengers and crew (now 2,229). We should now be sailing for open waters, towards New York. Jesus, I'm on the unsinkable ship, Em; the one that History tells us hit an iceberg and sank at two-twenty a.m. on April 15, 1912. I'm on Titanic. OOOOOOOOOO Journal Entry 2: April 11, 1912 Time: Way past dusk. I'm freezing my balls off. My chest constricts painfully with every cold breath. I snuck out of the lifeboat when it got dark and crouched behind a wooden bench in the first-class section. Men in tuxes and top hats and women in long, silk gowns and elaborate hairdos stroll by. I need some fucking clothes. OOOOOOOOOO Journal Entry 3: April 12, 1912 Time: 1:43 a.m. Em, a lot has occurred since I last wrote: Just as I was about to give new meaning to the term, "blue balls," a young man strolled by, walking stick in one hand, a pretty, dark-haired girl in the other. He was in the middle of a conversation with her when he looked down at the bench and directly at me. He helped me up, exclaiming, "Good God, Man! What in heaven's name happened to you?" I thought quickly. "A couple of young lads from steerage accosted me and took all my possessions!" The guy's eyes grew wide. The young woman at his side took me in from head to chest, her eyes bulging when they trailed lower. Nevertheless, I could tell that they believed my story. Despite the fact that my dick was on display, I held my chin high with the aristocratic air of someone who completely belonged in this section of the ship. We practiced well, Emmett. "Dear Lord, what madness! Alice, my love, please run inside and fetch help!" "No! I mean, thank you, but that won't be necessary." I looked down at my naked self. "It would be quite mortifying to admit that I allowed two hooligans from third class to leave me in this despicable state." Understanding crossed the young man's features. "A mortification indeed." "Especially as you are so well… built , Sir," added the girl - before flushing and averting her gaze. "Yes...very well," the man smirked, "I fully understand your concern. I am Jasper Whitlock Hale, of the Boston Hales, and this is my fiancée Mary Alice Brandon, of the Maryland Brandons. Is there anything at all we can do for you?" Jasper Whitlock Hale and Mary Alice Brandon. I remember them from our research. Mary Alice will get on one of the first lifeboats, and though Jasper will end up in the freezing waters, he'll be one of the lucky few who'll get pulled out of the water. They look a bit like the holos of their old pictures. He's about mid-twenties, 6'3" or so, lean build, blond hair and blue eyes. She's five feet tall if that, with jet black hair and hazel eyes. "To be honest, Sir, I am quite cold." I jerked my chin southward. "Perhaps if you wouldn't mind, I could borrow your top coat?" He grinned and clapped me on the shoulder - quickly remembering my bare skin and snatching his hand away. Removing his topcoat and hat, he handed them to me. "Give us your stateroom number, my friend, and we'll escort you back. Are you traveling with family or friends?" I palmed the back of my head and pretended to sway. "I'm traveling alone, but I do believe the blow those ruffians gave me has made me forget my stateroom number." Jasper's eyes narrowed in concern. "Do you remember your name?" "Uhm, yes. My name is Edward Masen, of the Chicago Masens." Were there Chicago Masens, Em? "Ah yes, the Chicago Masens. But you don't remember your stateroom number, and we cannot in good conscience leave you to wander the ship with your manhood waving about. I have a spare room in my cabin you're more than welcome to stay in for the night. Hopefully tomorrow, you'll remember your stateroom number. How does that sound?" I grinned in gratitude. "It's a good thing they didn't take your personal safe." "Excuse me?" Jasper pointed to the steel box in my hand. "That is your personal safe, is it not?" "Yes. Yes, it's my safe." So now, Em, I have a room to stay in for the next three nights, until I find those jewels and until the machine once again builds up enough energy to open up the Window that'll get me back to the present, back to 2033. I'll see you at 11:00 p.m. on the fourteenth, Buddy, just as we agreed. OOOOOOOOOO Journal Entry 3: April 13, 1912 Time: 1:23 a.m. Before I detail my day for you, Emmett, there's something I need to confess now that we're thousands of miles and hundreds of years apart. When we first decided that this would be our first time travel test and we poured through all the history of Titanic, there was a picture we came across that drew me in and called to me in a way I'll never be able to explain because I still don't understand it myself. It was the picture of Isabella Dwyer. Isabella Dwyer: fiancée of Lord James Huntington, the Earl of Winchester, the man who stole the jewels I've come to steal back. Isabella Dwyer: heiress daughter of steel tycoon, Phillip Dwyer. Isabella Dwyer, who along with her fiancée and two-thirds of the passengers on this ship, met her end at the bottom of the Atlantic on a cold April night in 1912. I've shocked the ever living shit out of you, Em, haven't I? You're thinking I may have lost it during the crossing from 2033 to 1912. I haven't. I know we agreed that other than retrieving the jewels, I can't make any other changes to what occurred on this ship that night. But her image imprinted itself in my mind, stayed with me day and night. In my dreams, she isn't a black and white hologram image of her picture. In my dreams, I run my fingers through her dark, chestnut hair, gaze into eyes the color of chocolate, smell the sweet scent of her skin, and taste her soft, warm lips. In my dreams, her entire face lights up when she smiles at me. In my dreams, she's mine. It's crazy; I know it is, Emmett. That's why I could never tell you. I'm aware of the facts: that the Earl stole the jewelry that his cousin, King George the Fifth, meant to present to his future wife, the Princess Mary, as a wedding present. He then boarded Titanic with his young fiancée in tow, hoping to be far gone before the jewelry was noticed missing. He was far gone alright; at the bottom of the Atlantic with his jewels and his innocent fiancée. And yes, I'm fully aware of my limitations here, Em; the machine was calibrated for one specific person, and it'll only bring back the same person it brought to the year 1912 in the first place. But maybe in the few hours that I have on this ship, I can gain her trust. I can tell her who I am, where I come from and what's going to happen to this ship in a little over sixty hours. Maybe, just maybe, I can save her. OOOOOOOOOO Getting back to my day, I spent last evening as a guest in Jasper Hale's stateroom. "How are you feeling, Edward?" he asked in the morning. "Much better, Jasper, but I still can't seem to recall my stateroom number." Jasper frowned. "Then I'm afraid I'll have to insist that you remain my guest until you remember, or until we arrive in New York – whichever comes first," he added with a friendly grin. Emmett, was everyone this trusting in this day and age, or was Jasper simply one-of-a-kind? Alice and her mother agreed with Jasper when they stopped by the stateroom a short while later. Alice wore a long, pink dress with puffy sleeves and a bunch of lace that dragged behind her. Her mother wore a green dress with an uncomfortable-looking collar that buttoned all the way up to her neck. They both wore huge hats with copious feathers sticking out of them. Anyway, Jasper lent me one of his day suits, which had been custom-cut for him, but Alice and her mother assured me profusely that I looked quite "dapper and handsome." We had breakfast in the dining saloon located on D Deck, where waiters in white jackets and gloves provided us with anything our hearts desired, literally, on silver platters. The tables were decked out in expensive china and silverware. Sparkling chandeliers lined the impeccable white ceilings. Now I have a question for you, Emmett: Do you believe in fate? You're laughing at me, Asshole, aren't you? But with over three hundred and twenty first-class passengers aboard this ship, what were the chances that so early into my trip, among a room full of men and women dressed in all their morning finery, she would stand out as if she had a spotlight on her? She was at the end of a table a few feet away, in a cream dress that should've blended into the background, but somehow didn't. She sat stiffly, chin held high with the bored expression of someone who'd done all this too many times. White, laced up boots peeked out from under her dress while she bounced her crossed legs impatiently. And unlike almost every other woman in this dining room, her hair wasn't up; rather, it cascaded loosely down her back in long, dark blonde layers. Yes, Emmett. Unlike in my dreams, her hair is dark blonde . "Darling, look,"