A/N: At the beginning I'd like to say that it's the first time I wrote such story and I really hope it's not tragic. In this universe Hermione is a boy but the rest of characters is the same. This day was nothing but terrible for one Pansy Parkinson and it wasn't even midday. First of all, she overslept and was late for her Herbology class with Hufflepuff. Professor Sprout wasn't happy with her, and took fifteen points from Slytherin house for that, but fortunately, the woman allowed her to take the test they had during the lesson. But then it got worse. After Herbology they had double Potions with Gryffindor. It also didn't work out too well because she was tired and couldn't focus. The result was that she ruined her potion. One more time in two days. She was furious. Not only Harry Bloody Potter was better than her again (and it was worth mentioning that this boy had no idea how to brew a good potion at all. If it wasn't for his friend Granger, he would fail terribly) but also Professor Slughorn dared to announce that she wasn't as great as her older brother and he was disappointed in her. It would've hurt less if the old wizard had just smacked her across the face. It was humiliating and it pained her not to tell the man what she thought about him. The truth was that she didn't tell him only because her best-friend Daphne Greengrass used Silencio on her. But the worst was still ahead of her. Once the Potions class was over they had a lunch break, and after lunch they had Transfiguration with Professor McGonagall. As much as Pansy hated to admit it, she respected the woman (and was also slightly terrified of her) as she was really good at her job. Because it was a really terrible day for her, Pansy was paired with none other than Ronald Weasley, a Gryffindor and along with Granger, the best-friend of Harry Potter. The boy, of course, was bold enough to say that she was a walking potion-brewing disaster. Something snapped in her, and before anyone could react, she cursed the red-haired wizard. "Miss Parkinson!" bellowed the aging witch. Saying that Professor McGonagall was mad would be the understatement of the century. She was furious and so was Pansy. "This dirty blood traitor deserved it!" spat the young Slytherin girl. "You just earned yourself a month of detention with Mr. Filch, Miss Parkinson, and fifty points will be taken from Slytherin house! And you can be sure that Professor Snape will be informed about such disrespectful behaviour!" started the woman, who then turned towards The-Boy-Who-Lived. "Mr. Potter, please take Mr. Weasley to the hospital wing." Pansy was about to say something, something nasty of course, but before she had a chance, Daphne silenced her again. She looked at her and if she was a basilisk, her room-mate would be dead now. How dare she to do it for her? "It's for your own good, Pansy, I promise," the girl whispered to her and then returned to taking notes as if nothing happened. "If you said what you intended to say, she would give you detention for the rest of the year." The young Slytherin witch just crossed her arms and scoffed, or rather wanted to scoff. She had a different opinion on this matter. "Daphne's right, you know?" Granger, who was paired with the Greengrass girl, said offhandedly. The girl looked at the Gryffindor student and rolled her eyes when their eyes met. She couldn't look into these big, brown eyes when they were looking at her like that. "I hate you, Granger," she said. Or rather her lips formed such sentence because no sound left Pansy Parkinson's mouth. "Don't worry, lad, Madam Pomfrey will help you in a minute," said a brown-haired boy as he entered the castle. He was giving a piggyback ride to a first-year Hufflepuff student who had fell from his broomstick during his first flying class and unfortunately broke his leg. "Really?" asked the child, sniffing. It was obvious, seeing his reaction, that he was a muggle-born wizard. Magic was still new for him. "Yeah, really, pinky-swear!" he answered, nodding. "You don't even want to know how many times she had to put me and my friends back into one piece. She even wanted to give my friend Harry a special bed in the hospital wing. You know, because he visited her more than anyone else!" The boy's eyes widened, however, his interlocutor couldn't see it. "Wow…" replied the young Hufflepuff. "I know, pretty impressive, huh?" started the Gryffindor student with amusement. "Also, don't worry about the fall. My other friend, Neville, also fell from his broomstick during our first flying lesson. And he got better. Well, he's not good enough to be a quidditch star, but he is still incredible in my humble opinion." The young lad said nothing just sniffed again. His leg hurt him, but he decided to trust the older boy that the school matron would be able to help him as soon as possible. They turned down another corridor and a moment later they came across a group of sixth year Slytherin girls. The brown-haired boy looked in their direction, raising his lips in a small smile. However, when his eyes met Pansy's, he stopped. The Parkinson girl frowned, while all her friends looked at him, then at Pansy and then back at him. "Good hex, Pansy," the Gryffindor boy said and a smile never left his lips. "Ron deserved what he got because sometimes he doesn't know when he should keep his mouth shut." His year-mates, minus the raven-haired girl, snickered at his words. "How fond of you," she said, rolling her eyes. "As if your words matter. Besides, weren't you the one who said that Daphne was right when she silenced me?" "Nice as always," the boy answered, readjusting the young Hufflepuff on his back. Nevertheless, the smile was still present on his mouth. "And yes, I was. I still think that she did the right thing. You don't want to deal with a pissed off McGonagall. Trust me. However, I also believe that she was too strict with you. Anyway, I should take this boy to the hospital wing as I promised Madame Hooch. Have a nice afternoon, ladies, and see you at dinner." After saying this, he slightly bowed before them and before they had a chance to answer, he resumed his journey. However, when he turned into the last corridor before his destination, he almost bumped into something, or rather he almost bumped into someone. "Wotcher, kiddo!" said a female voice. "For Merlin's sake, Tonks, don't scare people like that!" the brown-haired boy said because he almost dropped his companion. The young woman who had pink hair only smiled. She was dressed in aurors robes as she was one of the aurors who were at Hogwarts as additional security. "No promises," she said. "Where are you going?" "Hospital wing," the young Gryffindor said. "I was crossing by when Madame Hooch was teaching first-years and I promised her I'd take the boy to Madam Pomfrey. He broke his leg." "First lesson, huh?" The woman asked the little Hufflepuff. He nodded shyly. "Yeah, same happened to me. My bum hurt me for days! I'm Tonks, by the way," she added and gave him her hand to shake. "Tonks?" the child asked, frowning, however, he accepted her hand. "I'm Michael." "It's her last name," the older student answered before the woman had a chance. "But she hates her name so if you don't want her to hex you into another universe, don't ask her about it. And if you somehow happen to find it out, never use it in her presence." "Well said, brother of mine. I wouldn't say it better." The Gryffindor only rolled his eyes. "Anyway, can you please inform Professor Sprout about it?" "Sure thing," Tonks grinned and changed her hair colour from pink to green. "I was a Hufflepuff myself, you know? Great house, Hufflepuff, and don't believe my brother when he says that Gryffindor is better. They're losers. Anyway, what's your surname, dear?" "Daniells, Michael Daniells, the first-year said, afraid, seeing that her hair changed. How was it even possible? "Ok, then I'll go to inform her. Behave, kiddo, or mum will send you a howler," she winked towards the older boy and went to find her former Head of House. The older wizard said nothing, just shook his head and resumed his trip to the hospital wing. Again. "She's your sister?" the Hufflepuff boy asked before he could bite his tongue. "Sorry, I shouldn't ask but you have different surname. I didn't think that she could change it." "No need to be sorry, Michael," he chuckled. "And yes, Tonks is my sister. Her parents adopted me when I was about your age." "And her hair? How was she able to change it without using a wand?" asked Michael. "She's a Metamorphmagus. It means that she can change her appearance without using a wand or a potion. It's a very rare gift and she's the only Metamorphmagus in the century." the Gryffindor responded. "Wicked!" piped the Hufflepuff. "I know," he grinned and opened the door to the hospital wing. When they found themselves inside, the Gryffindor put the boy on the bed. "Madam Pomfrey! One of your favourite students is here!" he called, knowing that the woman was in her office, and winked towards Michael. "For Merlin's sake, I swear that if you or your friends broke something again , I'm going to keep you here forever!" grumbled the woman. "See? I told you that we're here often," the wizard said to his interlocutor, grinning. "What have you done this time, Mr. Granger?" asked the woman entering the room. "What have I done, Madam Pomfrey? You know that I'm unable to do anything wrong!" he started and then pointed at his young friend before the school matron could say anything. "This young gentleman broke his leg when he fell from his broomstick. I just promised Madame Hooch to bring him here. I missed you, Madam Pomfrey." "Out!" said the witch and wagged her finger at him. "I don't want to see you or your friends in this room at least to the end of the term. Understood?" "Of course, although your cruel words hurt my heart, Madam Pomfrey," he said with amusement and excused himself from the room, grinning like a madman, because the woman raised her hand. "Good afternoon, Madam Pomfrey. See you later, Michael. You're in good hands, I promise!" The Gryffindor left the hospital wing and went towards the Great Hall as dinner was going to start soon. He was aware that his friends were going to be there because they were with him when he offered to take Michael to the hospital wing. And he was right. As soon as he crossed the door of the Great Hall, he saw his two best-friends. Harry and Ron waved at him as soon as they saw him and made him place between them. "How is the boy?" asked Granger's troublesome friends. "Good…I think," he started. "Madam Pomfrey kicked me from the hospital wing as soon as I explained what happened. Oh, and she doesn't want to see us there in this term. I think she blames you, Ron," he added with a grin. "Hey, it was not my fault that Parkinson cursed me!" Ron exclaimed, a little too loudly. "Well, actually, it was your fault," said Harry, who improved his glasses. "You shouldn't mock her, but at least she got what she deserved. A month with Filch will sort her out." The Granger boy said nothing, just poured himself a cup of pumpkin juice and started drinking it, carefully looking towards the Slytherin table where said girl sat among her friends. He knew that she was