There were a lot of things that could be said about one and only James Potter. He was a very charming and handsome teenager. He used to be quite spoiled because his parents were extremely rich. He was the captain and a centre forward of his school football team. He was madly in love with Lily Evans. He was also – along with his three best-friends – one of the biggest pranksters the school has ever seen. However, what people didn't know was the fact that James Potter was an excellent baker. And the reason why they didn't know it was quite simple. They didn't know because it wasn't true. James couldn't bake to save his life. "Peter, I need your help," a teenager with jet-black messy hair approached his two friends who decided to spend their lunch break under the biggest tree in the school grounds. "Sure, you know I'll help you as long as I'm able to," answered the shortest of the boys, a chubby owner of mousy brown hair. "What's going on?" "I submitted myself as a volunteer to the annual bake sale…" the messy haired boy answered shyly. "Wait, I didn't know you were baking," a boy with a medium-length black hair interrupted his friend, who in return sighed heavily. "Exactly, Sirius. I don't bake and that's the problem," James said and leaned against the tree. "I volunteered only because Lily will be there, too. It just… it slipped out of my mouth before I knew what I was doing." "Oh!" said his friends. "Yes, oh! " he flipped his hands in the air. "I'm screwed. You know how Slughorn loves his Slug Club. He cares for it more than anything. He expects the volunteers to bake delicious cakes… he expects me to bake delicious cakes. He said that cakes can't be bought. And that's why I need your help, Peter." "Yes? But you know I can't bake, too." Squeaked the smallest boy. "I know. But your uncle Jacob can. He's the owner of the best bakery in our town. Hell, his company is famous around the world, especially in America. And I thought that maybe… that maybe he could teach me? So I won't embarrass myself in front of Lily… taking into account that Snape volunteered, too…" "Hold on. Snape? As in Snivellus Snape? He volunteered?" asked a confused Sirius and when his friend nodded, he almost had a heart attack. "Since when he can bake?!" "I have no idea. He only volunteered because I did… You know, Lily was first, obviously, and then it was my turn… Snivellus was right after me. But it doesn't matter now. I have to be better than him. Will you help me?" Pleaded James. "Will we help you with what?" asked a fourth voice. It belonged to a tall teenager who was the owner of the green eyes and short brown hair. He held a book in his hand. "And why do I get the impression that this is illegal?" "Nah, not this time, Remus," started Black, then he put his arm around his friend. "But can you believe that our James volunteered himself to the annual bake sale and has to bake the cakes himself? And we all know that he can't bake to save his life," Sirius chuckled. "All because a certain red-haired beauty named Lily Evans volunteered herself, too." "And so did Snivellus whom James has to defeat now if he doesn't want to embarrass himself," added young Pettigrew. Remus looked at his friend as if he wanted to know if his friends weren't pulling his leg. However, when James reluctantly nodded, he put his hand on his shoulder and raised his lips in a small smile. "Worry not, James. We will do everything we have to. We won't let you down. We won't let you embarrass yourself in front of Lily and if it's necessary, we'll bring Snape down." James was quite proud of himself when he walked down the hallways of the school carrying the box in which he had his cakes. He spent the last two weeks in Kowalski Quality Baked Goods where he was learning how to bake. Peter's uncle, Jacob Kowalski, taught him personally while his friends pretended to be culinary critics. When he baked his very first cake, he thought that Sirius and Peter were going to die because they couldn't stop vomiting. Luckily, the second one wasn't that bad and he was getting better and better with every new cake. And now he was here. In Hogwarts. During the annual bake sale organised by Professor Slughorn's science club to raise money for their local hospital. It was quite famous and popular and people loved being there because they could meet their friends there and eat some good cakes while helping. I hope I won't poison anyone , thought James as he put the box with his cakes on an assigned desk in the gym and took out two of his cakes. The first was a chocolate one and the other was a Victoria sponge. "Ah, James, wonderful!" he heard Slughorn's voice as soon as he unpacked his food. "I must say that your cakes look delicious. You can be sure I'll be back to buy some as soon as I check everything." The boy looked at his teacher who was smiling broadly. "Thanks, professor. I tried." Replied an apprehensive looking James. The older man nodded, still smiling, and then said his goodbye and went to check another students' culinary creations. The boy sighed and sat down on the chair. "Well, well, well. I have to say that I'm impressed," said a female voice as soon as Horace Slughorn departed. "For a moment I thought that it was some kind of a joke on your part when you volunteered but here you are with your cakes." James raised his head so fast that his glasses almost fell from his nose. A young seventeen-year-old girl with a long red hair was leaning over the table, smirking. As it was Saturday, they didn't have to wear their school uniforms so she was wearing a white dress. The boy had to confess that when she was leaning, he had a good view of her cleavage, even though the neckline of the dress was quite high. "H-hello, Lily," started James and his hand automatically went to his unruly hair which he was never able to tame. He looked into her beautiful green eyes so he wasn't staring at her chest. "I… um, of course it wasn't a joke. I wouldn't dare to joke about a charity event… I, um, I wanted to help somehow." Lily said nothing, she just raised her perfectly shaped eyebrow as if knowing the real reason. Then she looked at his cakes and then back at him. "Victoria sponge and a chocolate cake, huh?" she said with a note of amusement. "Somehow I can't imagine you eating a chocolate cake. What would happen to your perfect athletic figure? I'm sure that half of the girls would be devastated." "Are you in this half?" he asked before he was able to bite his tongue. The girl chuckled and sat down on the desk, crossing her legs. "Hmm… maybe? Although, I have to confess that I prefer an athletic brain over an athletic body," she started and then pulled a red sequinned purse out of her handbag which James just noticed she had. Then she put a £5 note on the desk. "Now, we can't allow your cakes to go to waste, can we? I'll have one slice of your chocolate cake, please." James didn't answer because he was unable to. All words had left him, leaving him speechless. Lily Evans, a girl he had loved ever since he could remember, was sitting on the desk in front of him, dressed in a dress which showed a little too much (not that he complained of course. He enjoyed the view) looking at him with a small smile. Heaven. Words are unable to describe how much he loves her smile. "Here you go," he said a moment later when he cut a slice of the cake and handed her a plate which she accepted (cutlery and plates were prepared before he arrived). Then he handed her four pounds of change. "Leave it, James," she said. "But one slice of cake costs one pound, not five," he answered. "I know, however, it's a charity event. And well, let's say that a pound is for a cake and four for the effort you put into baking it," she chucked and then cut a little piece of her slice. "Now, let's try your masterpiece." But before she was able to eat it, a loud cry reverberated around the hall. "LILY EVANS! I FORBID YOU TO EAT THAT CAKE!" All heads turned towards the source of the sound. It was none other than Sirius Black, he was standing in the middle of the gym, holding a big box. A look of pure horror was visible on his face as he was looking at Lily who sat as frozen on the desk, having a spoon with a piece of cake in front of her open mouth. Remus Lupin, who stood next to Sirius, only rolled his eyes while Peter chuckled. Both teenagers had boxes with cakes in them, too. The young Black didn't waste his time, he just handed Remus his box and a moment later he was stood in front of the completely shocked girl. He didn't care that all people, including their teachers, were looking at them, he simply took the plate and spoon from Lily's hands and then shook her gently. "Are you all right, Lily? You don't look well," he said and showed her two fingers. "How many fingers do you see? What? You see eight?! OH MY GOD, JAMES! YOU POISONED LILY!" "Being a drama queen again, are we, Sirius?" the red-haired beauty asked with amusement, then she took the plate from the table. "We all know that you showed five fingers." James chuckled and high-fived Remus who had just put all three boxes on the table as Peter had just handed him his box too. They brought the almond croissants and pączki which the young Potter boy had baked. Peter, then began unpacking them. "You said you saw five fingers?" Sirius asked with a raised eyebrow. "Yeah," Lily agreed and wanted to eat the piece of cake, but Black took it from her, again. "C'mon, Siri, give me my cake. I bought it!" she added and pouted. "And do what? Let you die?" the boy put his hand on his chest. "You want me to be responsible for your death? No way! I won't let you eat that cake until I taste it first!" he added, and took money out of his pocket and threw it onto the table. Then he prepared himself to eat a bit of Lily's portion of the cake. The girl just rolled her eyes and the three other boys chuckled when Sirius opened his mouth to eat it, however, he also didn't have a chance to taste James' creation because someone interrupted him. "Will you ever stop showing off, Black?" asked a male voice. They all turned their heads towards the source of the sound and saw a tall boy with a greasy black hair. Next to him stood a boy who looked like a younger, less handsome version of Sirius – his brother Regulus. "What's your problem, Snivellus?" asked the older of the Black brothers. "I don't remember inviting you over here." "I don't need your invitation because we're in school which, thank heaven, doesn't belong to you," answered Severus Snape as he approached Sirius. Before anyone was able to blink, James found himself between his friend and their rival. He wasn't a fan of Snape but he didn't want one of his best-friends to have trouble if he had a fight with him. Especially