A/N: A little plot line that came to me when I should have been writing my other story. Hope you enjoy! Also the first lemon I've written, so be kind... R&R! Disclaimer: JKR owns all, just glad to be able to play in her world. Hermione doused the flame under the cauldron for what would hopefully be the last time and grabbed an empty vial with shaking hands. Warm, callused fingers grasped hers, pulling the vessel from her grip to transfer the murky liquid. "You would have spilled it, and I didn't want to lose whatever defenseless piece of furniture you dripped this upon." He was right, of course. She was clumsy at the best of times, and her current level of nervous anticipation would have surely resulted in a potions accident of Neville Longbottom proportions. "Thank you, professor." She turned toward him and reached for the now full vial, cradling the completed potion in her hands. Four long years, and Hermione was moments away from completing a double mastery in Charms and Potions. "My next class begins in 5 minutes, Miss Granger. If you hurry, we should have time to evaluate the efficacy." Hermione nodded and handed the vial back to Professor Snape. "Sir, please know that, whether this works or not, the past few years working with you have been…extraordinary." He exhaled slowly. "Indeed." Hermione gave him a shy smile and raised her wand to her face. " Celaverimus." His pupils dilated as they attempted to focus on the place where she once stood. "The charm appears to continue to be effective." She nodded, despite now being invisible. The charm had been easy enough to create. The associated potion, however, had taken the past year and a half to develop. This would be the final test. If this didn't work, she could kiss her research grant goodbye. "Bottoms up, professor." Snape raised the vial in her direction briefly and threw back its contents. His mouth twisted in a slight moue of distaste then immediately brightened into a wide grin as his eyes regained focus. "Hello, Miss Granger." The force of his smile briefly took her aback before she realized exactly what his happiness indicated. "Perhaps you should start getting used to referring to me as Master Granger," she replied, her own grin spreading from ear to ear. He chuckled softly. "Oh believe me, Miss Granger, the only person here who will be referred to as 'master' is me." Professor Snape swept out of the laboratory into his classroom in a full billow, leaving Hermione gaping in his wake. It took several long minutes to regain her composure following his exit. Flustered didn't begin to cover it. Certainly there had been a bit of flirting over the past few years: the odd touch that lingered just a bit longer than what could be considered appropriate; eye contact that ended with her in a blush and him smirking at her discomfort; daydreams during long brewing sessions that definitely bordered on scandalous. But neither had ever ventured into anything so flagrant. Based on the flutter in her stomach this didn't appear to be an unwelcome change in their relationship. Hermione gathered her composure and followed Snape through the door into the classroom. The final, and perhaps most important, measure of the success of her research was to determine whether she would continue to be invisible to everyone else while remaining visible to Professor Snape. She cast a quick silencio on her feet so as not to draw unnecessary attention, and walked up to the desk where Snape now stood, legs spread and arms crossed, his usual glare fixed into place. Hermione rolled her eyes, remembering how intimidating that look had once been. Now his gruff demeanor had a much different effect, one that was only heightened by his earlier comment. The group of seventh year Slytherins and Gryffindors shuffled into the room, studiously avoiding their professor's gaze and, notably, not showing any awareness of Hermione. She could feel her excitement growing by the second. "All eyes up here!" Snape barked, snapping 15 pairs of eyes immediately to the front of the room, and not a single one of them straying to the left where she stood. Hermione threw her arms up in the air in triumph and she could see Professor Snape biting the side of his cheek to hold back his own smile. "The instructions for the assignment are on the board. If at all possible, try to refrain from melting any of my cauldrons. I do not have the time nor inclination to supervise detention this evening. Begin!" Merlin, the things his voice did to her. She could feel it all the way down to her toes and she knew there was a flush creeping over the collar of her robes. Snape was carefully avoiding looking at her, which was likely a good thing, given their current location and the amount of adrenalin rushing through her system. She wasn't at all certain what her traitorous body would do to him given the opportunity. Instead, Hermione opted to take a quick trip about the room, just to ensure that the potion and charm were working as planned. Not a single glance was cast her direction as she made her way around the perimeter of the workbenches. Dennis Creevey came close to noticing her once when her robes brushed against his foot, but he seemingly ignored the contact. It was a heady feeling, knowing that she had free reign, aside from the penetrating gaze of the professor that followed her every move. In fact, knowing that she could literally do anything she wanted and no one but Professor Snape could see her was starting to give her ideas. Terrible, improper ideas that Hermione would never usually engage in, but frankly right now she couldn't give less of a damn. The excitement of success was building inside of her and there was only once place right now she wanted to direct it. She strode to the middle of the room, in between the two rows of students, her eyes cast down to the floor. If she looked at him now, she knew her resolve would shatter and this was too perfect of an opportunity to miss. One hand slowly rose to the clasp on her robes, releasing it and allowing the fabric to flutter to her feet. Her breathing increased exponentially and she was almost positive she could hear a sharp intake of breath from the front of the room. Keeping her eyes down, she slowly toed off her shoes and stood in her stocking feet, feeling the cold of the dungeon floor seeping into her. It caused another shiver to run up her spine, although this time for a different reason. Perhaps a warming charm wouldn't go amiss… No, mustn't become distracted. She started on the buttons of her silk blouse, grateful that she no longer had to wear the stupid tie and kilt that were the Hogwarts uniform. The sides of her shirt gaped apart slightly as she reached the bottom, exposing the edges of her lacy bra. Her fingers trailed down between her breasts, over her flat stomach until they reached the top of her skirt and pushed it over her hips. Her blouse quickly followed. She stood in the middle of the classroom in only her matching green bra and underwear, garters and black stockings. Slowly, steadily, she raised her face to his. She couldn't breathe. It was as if all of the air had been sucked from the room and there was nothing left but him. His black eyes were fixated on her, pinning her in place with such intensity that it felt as if her were evaluating her very soul. The white knuckles of one hand gripped the edge of his desk, while the other wrapped around his wand so tightly she thought it likely to snap. His lips were parted slightly and she watched him catch his bottom lip between his teeth as if to stifle a moan. Yes, this was most definitely the reaction she'd been hoping for. But now that she was here, she wasn't entirely sure what to do. She cast her eyes to the side, suddenly overcome by nerves, and started to awkwardly cross her arms over her chest. "Stop!" His command broke the silence of the room and her eyes shot back to his. To her left and right, students froze in various stages of brewing. "The…knotgrass should be diced, not chopped," he spat out, unconvincingly. He waved his wand briefly at the board to modify the instructions and motioned for the class to continue, not once removing his eyes from hers. His wand flicked once more and suddenly he was in her mind. Miss Granger… Merlin, she could hear his voice as if he was directly beside her, the rough tone making the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. What precisely do you think you are doing, stripping down in the middle of my Potions class? She didn't really have a response for that. This was as far as she'd gotten in her rather unexpected fantasy. Luckily, Snape seemed to have several ideas of his own and he projected them without warning into her mind. Hermione bent over his desk as he took her from behind… Snape laying across one of the workbenches as she rode him backwards… Hermione laid out over his knee, hands tied together with what appeared to be a Gryffindor tie… The moisture pooled in her underwear as he bombarded her with vision after vision of how he would take her on every surface in the classroom. One vision took over abruptly and Hermione shut her eyes to break the connection. This would be significantly less fun if he knew what was coming. She met his scowl with a smirk of her own and proceeded to saunter toward his desk. She reached out one hand and ran it lightly down the row of buttons lining his chest, being careful not to disturb the fabric. "I just felt the sudden need to thank you, professor, for helping me with my project," she whispered low enough to not be heard by anyone but him. She knew he wouldn't be able to speak without letting on that something was amiss and she felt a surge of power at, for once, being in control. Even if it was completely arbitrary and she would most likely live to regret it. She trailed her fingers along his side, down to brush over his hand, and then back, just lightly grazing his ass as she walked behind the desk. The tension radiated off him in waves. She knew he was chaffing at the idea of giving up power, something he sought out in all aspects of his life, but she also loved the idea of pushing him outside of his comfort zone. An unpredictable Snape sounded like an awful lot of fun to her. Hermione leaned slightly over the desk and braced her hands in front of her. She felt him come up behind her, felt the rich fabric of his robes as it made contact with the back of her legs, then her backside, and finally rest gently over her back. His arms braced on either side of her and she could feel his excitement pressing into her as he took a slight step forward. Luckily none of the students seemed to notice that their professor was bracing himself rather awkwardly on his desk, nor that he was seemingly speaking to himself. "I would be most interested to know how you plan to thank me," he purred directly into her ear. While she would never have thought she would ever hear her professor purr , there really was no other way to describe the deep rumble of his voice. Her shaky inhale of breath gave away just how much he was affecting her. She turned in his arms