"How much longer do you think you will be, Princess?" Michael asked. "As long as I want to be," I said turning back to the shelf. I was in one of my favorite places, a book store, with almost the whole afternoon to myself and he wanted to leave just minutes after we'd arrived. Times like this I hated being so important that I needed a guard; actually I hated more that I really didn't need the guard but had to keep up the pretense of needing one. It was one of the pitfalls of being a Vampire who lived among humans that didn't know Vampires existed. In the Vamp world not only was I a member of the most powerful covens in the world, the Volturi, but I was also one of the strongest vampires, if not the strongest in existence. In my world the Volturi were in charge. They made the rules and they enforced them; I did both. Not only did I sit in judgment but I also made sure the rules were followed. In the real or human world I am know as many different identities. Today I was Princess Iseabail Voltura of Italy and I needed to be protected as heiress to the throne. Now normally when I went out into public I was protected by part of the Volturi guard, a guard that I command and are all Vampires too, but today was sunny so my "protection" went to humans that were in on our secret. I am one of the lucky few that can mask the effects the sun has on our kind, so going out today was no problem for me. "Are you scanning the area?" Michael asked. "Of course I am," I snapped at him. "I do not detect any threats in anyone's mind! Do you actually think that I would be calmly looking for books if I did?" "I am sorry Princess." Michael cringed at my anger. "I thought I saw a cold one and it is not one I know," he whispered. It was customary to use other names for vampires when in public. "If there is another here I don't see a problem with that." I sighed. "But if it will make you feel better I will strengthen my scan and see." "Thank you," Michael muttered as I closed my eyes to scan. 'It's a beautiful day out!' 'I can't believe that Princess Iseabail shops here!' 'This is a really good sale on CD's!' 'That scent,' thought someone behind me. 'I would know that scent anywhere. But it can't be...' Just as they would know my scent anywhere, I would know that mind anywhere. "Andrew!" I called softly to one of my guards. "You two," I looked at Michael and Andrew. "There is a Cold One six aisles behind me. He is not a threat." I sighed and closed my eyes, searching him again just to make sure I was right. "He is actually a very old friend of mine." "What would you like us to do?" Andrew asked, looking expectant. "I am going," I started to dig in my bag for paper and pen, "to pay for my books and then go sit by the fire in the coffee shop." I scribbled a note quickly on the paper. "I would like you to give this to our visitor." I handed the paper to Michael. "You didn't sign it Princess," said Michael, trying to hand me back the note. "Trust me, he will know who it is from." I smiled and walked away toward the registers. After a short conversation with the cashier I walked to the coffee shop flanked by Hannah and Tristan, who were two more of my human guard. "Wait by the door please." I said as I walked in; they just nodded and stopped. I walked to the two comfy over stuffed leather chairs and waited. I was not sure when or if this visitor was going to come or not so I started to read one of my books. I raised my head when Michael and Andrew walked around my chair to stand behind me. With a nod I went back to my book and continued to wait. "Excuse me," came a southern drawl about five minutes later. "Is this seat taken?" "No, it isn't." I closed my book to look to the visitor as he looked over me. "Bella? Is that really you?" he asked, practically falling into the chair. "Yes, it's me." I smiled at him. "It's good to see you Jasper." Chapter 2 It was very rare to see a vampire surprised. Jasper sat there for nearly three minutes, fighting between jumping up to hug me and falling to his knees. It really looked as if we were not going to talk at all; instead we were just going to stare at each other. "Jasper please say or do something!" I exclaimed, unable to take the silence or the waiting any longer. Still I waited but at least I could tell that his mouth was starting to work again because he closed his mouth and swallowed. I heard a small snicker behind me and turned around and threw a glare toward the culprit… Michael. "How… but you… We thought... When..." Jasper stuttered finally. "How else does one become like us?" I asked with a giggle, getting a smile from him. "And roughly six months after you and your family left." That left him stunned. Again I had to wait for him to recover. "Who?" he asked. "Laurent" I sighed. "I was hiking with..." I paused, "friends and got separated. As he said I interrupted his hunt and he could not pass me up." I watched Jasper carefully as I said the next part. "Although he knew killing me was going to make Victoria very angry, he knew it was better that he killed me because it would be fast and almost painless where as if it were Victoria…" I trailed off as he started to growl. "I will kill him for biting you and then her for even thinking about hurting you!" He continued with a growl. "Easy Jasper." I patted his arm trying to calm him. "I wouldn't worry about it." I smiled as I remembered they were already ash in the win. One met their end by my friends, the other by my hand. "They have already been taken care of. Would you like to hear the rest or are you going to continue to growl at something from the past?" "Sorry," he muttered. "Please continue." "Well, as I told you before that Laurent decided that I would satisfy his thirst" I shrugged a little. "He bit me but was interrupted by some local guys from the reservation." Jasper raised his eyebrow. "Tell me Jasper, were you there when Carlisle made the treaty with the tribe?" I took a sip from my coffee mug causing a gasp from Jasper. "Sorry," I smiled slightly. "This," I shook the cup a little, "is one of my little quirks. Those are for another time." "No I was not, but of course I know all about it," replied Jasper. "What does that have to do with how Laurent was stopped?" "Do you remember their legends?" I waited, and finally Jasper nodded. "Come to find out that the story was true. Four giant wolves stopped Laurent, the start of their new pack. They were too late to save me but were able to catch and kill Laurent" "How did you live afterward?" Jasper asked. "Another one of my quirks is that I don't have any thirst for all things red," I said at vampire speed. "I made up an excuse to miss some time off school, and then when I was ready I returned. Since I was a loner after you guys left, no one really noticed anything different," I finished back at human level. "What about Charlie? He was a cop. I am sure that he saw something." "I spent all of my free time at the reservation." I shrugged. "I am sure he saw something but he was better off not knowing. I think he was more afraid that if he said anything or did something that I would..." I trailed off again. "You would what?" "Nothing" I bowed my head unable to look him in the eyes. "Anyway." I continued quickly with my story. "After I finished school I moved onto the reservation and became part of the..." "You mean you lived with werewolves?" Jasper interrupted me with a hiss so low I nearly missed it. I knew that this was not going to go well seeing that I had this type of conversation once already. I was able to handle that one because the other participants did not know me well enough to know when I was hiding something. Jasper was going to be a little harder. "Yes I did Jasper," I tried to stay calm. "I might not be normal but I still needed to know how to hunt and take care of myself." "But they are dangerous! They could have hurt you, or even killed you! What were you thinking?" Jasper hissed. "Jasper, you either need to calm yourself or I am leaving." I started to stand. "I am sure we will meet again eventually, and I will be happy to continue then." "No!" he said loudly and grabbed my arm. "Please don't go," he begged, moderating his voice again. I took a glance at Andrew, and noticed him stepping my way. I caught his eye, shook my head and waited until he stepped back. I sat down and pulled my arm from his grasp. Crossing my arms I waited. "I am sorry, I will try to stay calm." I just continued to stare at him. "I promise I will try." "Alright," I sighed sitting back down. "I became part of the pack. I was treated like a sister." I continued to watch him. "Even though Laurent never made it back to Victoria, she did come back. She wanted revenge on me for killing James and she figured a mate for a mate would work." I tried to hide the pain at the thought of Edward and I still being mates. "I tried to tell her that she was misinformed, let her go her own way." I skimmed over the mate part. Seeing the look Jasper gave me, I realized he noticed, but said nothing. "But she continued with her plan to destroy me." I shrugged. "Needless to say she failed and was destroyed herself. Yes, we did have injuries on our side but no one was killed except for her." "What did you do after that?" asked Jasper "I stayed at the res." I shrugged my shoulders letting us lapse into silence. "Not sure if you guys stayed up on the news from Washington wherever you went but four years after Victoria, Charlie was shot on duty and was killed," I said after a while. "I am so sorry Bella," he sighed. "I didn't know. Did they catch the person?" "Yes." I grimaced at the memory. "But not until after an 'anonymous' call telling the police where he was hiding." "Please tell me you didn't hunt your father's killer?" asked Jasper looking straight in my eyes. "I did not hunt him alone." I dropped my eyes unable to handle his gaze. "I was the one who kept him alive for the police to find. If it was up to the pack and Jacob they would have handled it themselves." "Oh Bella," he tried to send me calming waves as I wiped at a tear that started to fall, but my shield held and they just bounced away. He looked strangely at me as he continued, "No one should have to do that no matter who they have with them." I just nodded while I tried to get my emotions under control. "I still stayed there at