TheGoddess of Freedom! SUMMARY: Takes place in 1918. Bella is a Greek slave and is sold to the Cullen's but Bella is strong and a fighter! She is the one who gives hope to all other slaves and is known as a hero to kids of slavery! Cullen's are Vampires. Rated T, for future events. (No lemons!) Hi! This is my 3 rd Fanfic everyone and I would like to say, THANK YOU! I really think this story is well written and comments are always wanted and oftain needed as support to continue a story. I would like to thank the beta for this story! She was vary kind in excepting my offer and I would like her to know that her work is wanted (English being my half - second language and all) Beta Note Here: Also if you could vote on my pole it would be nice so I know what story I should write next. I hope you like it! Love, Moon In The Twilight. P.S, I'll try to keep the chapters long. Chapter 1 (Sold) B.P.O.V I held the body of a small male child close to me as the train kept shaking. I could tell the boy was sobbing. I had been here in the train before, more times then I can count since I was 10. No older then the boy here in my arms. The train went from city to city stealing the kids and teens from smaller and pourer towns and selling theme to the richer ones for slavery. A lot of the older teens that were kidnapped for slavery or had been on this train before and were calming the littler kids and explaining what was going to happen. "Shhh, Were almost at the next town. When we get out of the train we walk to the auction stand were people will bid and by you. If you don't get picked you go to the next town and they will try again there. And sometimes if your masters aren't happy with you they will ask for there money back." One of the older teen's explained. He was around 19 (2 years older then me) with dirty blond hair that went down to his shoulders. He had been kidnapped at the age of 16 and returned from his rich owners few days ago. I on the other hand had been returned to many times to count. I was not like normal slaves. I didn't let myself be pushed around. I fought back. Most men bid on me in the auctions in hopes to break me, teach me to respect theme but it never worked and I had scars on my back to prove it. My life was an endless circle. 1) Get sold, 2) Beaten to a pulp for talking back, (And at the end of the month when the slave-traders return to sell more slaves) 3) Returned. Sometimes I would stay at a place for 2 months; no one has ever kept me for more then 3. I had actually been on this train for over 3 weeks now. 2 days ago we stopped in Greenfield's Town to collect slaves and the poor kids hadn't stopped crying. As much as I missed changing into different uniforms and seeing the kind of ideas men had to tame me, I liked comforting the kids. I was known as the hero of slavery, Goddess of freedom and I always told the kids of how I would never give in. It gave theme hope and the news of slaves growing more confident traveled fast. Less people tried to tame me and I wondered when the slave-traders were going to kill me soon. I was nothing but a burden at this point if no one wanted to by the great 'Hero of slaves'. Most of the new kids had only crinkles on there close but if you've been on the train for as long as I, getting fed every 3 days only, your close become horrible. And it was a lot worse for the women then for the men. The women's legs were sticky and there skirts had brown stains of dried blood and everyone smelled after not having a bath. Your hair itched so much you wanted to cut it all off. The cart was coming to a stop and 2 men opened the big doors. In front of us was a big platform and after that bunch of men and women who were going to bid. I knew the spot was Chicago. It was a very rich city and they never bid for slaves cheap. "Welcome Lady's and gentlemen, before we begin I would like to ask for all people who would like to return there slaves to do it now." The gruff man said and no one returned a slave. The other man slowly took one kid at a time and sold theme off. A few weren't sold and they ran quickly back to me. When one of the gruff men tried to grab me I bit at his hand and he pulled away before grabbing me by the hair. He pulled me out and through me on the floor. A lot of the women were mumbling how I was what they called 'The wild one.' as they put there stupid white handkerchiefs to there noses. I scanned the crowed of people and saw a fat man smile. "100 pounds for the slave!" He cried. There was a 3 second silence before a man with blond hair and blue eyes spoke. "150 pounds!" He cried. "200 pounds." A man with a skin problem and black hair said and some of the women gasped. A slave was hardly worth 100 when tamed. I had been sold to men for 30 before. "As much as I love business I must warm you she's feisty." "Don't worry; I like my bed slaves that way." He said and I felt sick to my stomach. I was NOT going to be sold to him and I was going to show theme exotically how lively I could be. I got up from the wooden stage and ran strait for the announcer. He moved but I was to fast and had kicked him in the nuts. He groaned in pain and bent down. As he did that I elbowed him on the head. The slaves were grinning and cheering wildly but then I felt it. A bullet shot on my left arm. It just gaze me but it hurt and I screamed as I fell on the floor. The man took a few steps forward and pointed the gun at my head. "Sorry love, your cute but you've gave us far too much trouble." He said. Everything was dead silent. Even the whispers from the annoying chattering women. And then, clear as fire at midnight, a man spoke. "700 pounds for the slave with the wounded arm!" The man pulled back his gun. "I will refuse to take refunds with this one anymore. If you don't want her after, you shoot her!" The gruff man said and I heard the man speak again but this time like he was out of breath. "Yes." "Very well, going once, going twice, sold to the man with the bronze hair for 700 pounds." He said and the man who used to be clutching his head and balls, took my solders and picked me up then slammed his knee into my stomach before throwing me off stage. I screamed in pain as I fell in front of the main that now owned me. I looked up to see the most beautiful man. But he looked furious. His jaw was set and I could have sworn he was not breathing. He threw the bag of money at the man and helped me up by my good arm and out of here. All around us the girls were whispering. "Can you believe one of the richest men in Chicago would buy the wild one?" "He looks mad!" "I would be too if I paid for something only to have it bruised and shot." "Oh gosh the Cullen family is gorgeous." "Do you think they'll have a ball celebrating Edward's 18th birthday?" "They must if that's the year he must marry. That's probably the reason he got the wild thing in the first place. I here she cooks as well as she fights." I didn't hear the rest of there rambling as 'Edward' (I guess that's him name) tied me to the back of the carriage by my good hand. It was the most extravagant carriage in the parking lot. "Sorry that you must run but we can't have you getting blood on the seats." He said and I spat at his feet. What kind of man cares more about objects then people? Oh I forgot, almost all the men now a day. Edward was amazingly beautiful but it was all on the outside as I watched him get into his carriage and told the driver to go. The horses jump started and I fell down. I was in so much pain and was pretty much dragged the whole way there. When Edward got out of the carriage, I was face down on the cobble stone driveway with dirt and sticks in my burning cut wound and panting heavily. A maid quickly ran to us. "Angela, get the slave cleaned quickly after hosing her down and then bring her to the ball room." Edward said without looking at us as he ran inside. "Sorry miss. Come with me." She said and untied my ropes. She seemed kinder then Edward so I let her take me out back wear she told me to wait. After a few seconds she came back holding a garden hose and sprayed me down. I was used to this. It's not like I had never been dragged or hosed before but the cold water shocked me slightly. It was cleaner and colder then most hosing and it made my bullet wound hurt so much more. After Angela shut off the hose she rushed me inside through the empty kitchen. It was strange for a kitchen to be empty but I didn't question. Once we were in a small bathing area, Angela striped my clothes and through me in. The cold water and warm water were a shocking contrast but I knew I had to enjoy every second of this bath because the next one I have will not be so luxurious. I washed myself till my skin was red as Angela worked on my hair. I felt so good after. It was amazing and the maids outfit's were well made and not to reviling. They were short sleeves so I didn't get my sleeve bloody with my now stopped bleeding cut. After getting it cleaned and bandaged from Angela it did feel better but my gut was still soar. I used to be terrible with blood but slowly adapted over the years. "Angela, who am I now working for?" I asked her and her eyes lit up. "The Cullen's. There one of the most rich and powerful families in Chicago! There also very friendly. Edward's just grumpy cause of his birthday coming up and he must wed. Otherwise working for them is very nice… well, as nice as it can be." "Do you know call them by Master or Mistress?" I asked and she laughed. "Only when there in public." She said as she led me to a room. Inside was a big ball room with tables all around the sides and a stage in the far back. On the right was a built in bar and on the stage was a big white table that had 8 chairs. Or should I say 4 benches. A small pixy like girl with black hair and a lean blond haired man sat on the right in one bench. Then Edward was alone in a bench.