I have been meaning to write a Remione story. For those of you who are curious, this will start in third year, and include no physical intimacy until Hermione is of age. I hope you all enjoy this, and I will try to update all my other stories soon. Disclaimer: The character and places are all JKR. The plot is the only thing I can claim. It is one that I had been working on for a bit, and bears a resemblance to projectrunwayluver 's My Soul's Mate . I have talked to them, and they have given me their permission to write this piece, despite the similar premise. I hope you all enjoy it! . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - . "Wolves are one of the few nonmagical creatures known to mate for life. Coincidentally, the werewolf also exhibits this trait. It is known that werewolves are able to have romantic associates with multiple individuals, though these are typically of the temporary, carnal variety. When a werewolf chooses a permanent romantic interest, they ignore all others. Little is known how or why this person is chosen." - S.P. Willinger III, Treatise on Magical Creatures (1745) . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - . I became a werwolf quite young. At first, my family knew not what to do with me. My father, part disgusted, part distraught, brought me to every healer, potions master, and magizoologist he could afford or pull strings to meet. My mother, a muggle, could scarce believe that her little angel now became a horrible, flesh eating monster three days a month. At first, they fought tooth and nail to find some way to cure me, or, at the very least, lessen my pain. After the first month, my mother could no longer look me in the eye. By the sixth, my father could barely bare being the same room. After a year, they gave up all together. Three months later, they stopped pretending to be interested in me. As my second year dawned, they could not even muster apathy, instead displaying their blatant displeasure at my condition without censure. It was at this point that I stopped convincing myself that they loved me unconditionally. I observed these changes with growing dispassion and detachment, books my only solace. I had a cellar outside the house dedicated to my full moon nights. Wrought iron shackles and chains held me to the ground. Silver bars blocked my exit out of the doors, and I could not get in nor out. The keys to unlock the things was cast of silver so that I could never unlock myself, no matter if I were human, cognizant, and in the possession of opposable thumbs. To be frank, my life sucked. Quite horribly. During those three days, I lived down there. My meals and water levitated to me, cell magically cleaned. Not until I turned ten did we hear from my sire, the infamous Fenrir Greyback. He wanted me back before I could attend Hogwarts. Out of spite and principle did my parents fight against his claim on me, and even then, it was for themselves. Not me, never me. I am ever grateful towards Albus Dumbledore, for he saved me from my spot between a rock and a hard place. Never did I want what he offered more than that moment. The headmaster offered me freedom, the ability to learn like every other child, and, most importantly, somewhere safe. With great excitement and relish did I greet the first of September the following year, eleven and ready to start the newest chapter of my life. Despite the jubilation and relief that filled me to the brim, I could not bring myself to talk to others as easily as the other boys my age. They jumped around or chatted animatedly with one another, boasting about wands and families, abilities and thoughts about their next, great adventure. From age four, I had been isolated from almost all other people. In short, I did not know how to act like a child. Upon entering the Great Hall, the Sorting Hat placed me in the ever rambunctious house of Gryffindor. This surprised me, as I have always been lonely and bookish, predicting my placement in the house of Ravenclaw. Instead, life threw me into the crucible of loud, obnoxious individuals who often erred on the side of reckless and thoughtless. Quite the difference between what I knew before. Unfortunately, I did not know how to handle my House's energy or enthusiasm, preventing me from making friends. For a great portion of my first term at Hogwarts, this problem persisted. My life changed for the second time as I walked down the Charms corridor. I fell into a Slytherin trap, the unfortunate victim of some prank meant for an unsuspecting first year such as myself. Unable to get out of the pitfall, I scrambled about for a time until three boys, whom I knew from my House to be James Potter, Sirius Black, and Peter Pettigrew, ran to my aid. They commiserated with me, helped me, and became my first friends. They became the core and basis for my pack. No longer alone in the world, I could jump for joy. The following seven years were the best of my life for quite some time. I had friends who, when they figured out my furry, little problem, accepted me. They became underaged, illegal, unregistered animagi to help me three days a month. With their support and brotherly love, I became more social, outgoing, and displayed my inner Gryffindor recklessness on more than one occasion. If I did not stop them from bullying others, especially one Severus Snape, I tried to reason myself that I could not. My wolf recognized James and Sirius as the leaders of our impromptu pack. To go against them would be unacceptable. If a particular prank were crueler than should be, more malicious or reckless, it was all I could do to shut up. Just as I could not stop the two from doing anything, my small actions spoke behind their back of my disagreement and dissent from their opinions. I would heal the others involved, or give Poppy Pomfrey the counter curses and jinxes for the havoc my friends made. I even went so far as to arrange and mediate a private meeting between Severus Snape and Lily Potter nee Evans after their falling out in fifth the boy uttered a slur, calling her a "mudblood," he had been under great duress and the need to maintain appearances, something I understood all too well. Despite my cajoling, his obviously heartfelt apology, and all of the logic we could muster, the daft girl could not forgive her oldest friend here. This deficiency in ability to understand what so plainly faced her diminished my already grim outlook on my future. If someone as loving and kind as Lily could not find it in herself to forgive someone who protected her so whole-heartedly as Severus, how could I ever find someone to truly love me? Around this time, we began to study what the ministry categorized as 'dark' magical creatures in Defense Against the Dark Arts. Despite my love for my lessons, an affinity with the library, and enjoyment in a good book by the fire, I never had the desire to read about myself. Therefore, I never knew until that day that werewolves could find what is termed as a lifemate. I knew we could have mates, of course, but magically destined, other-half-of-our-souls, unknown until we see them romantic crap? Never even crossed my mind. Yet, the assent and agreement I felt from my own wolf convinced me of this singular fact. Somewhere, I had a mate, and that single thought made me pause. Maybe there was hope for me. For a time, I researched this possibility until I knew nothing else. I rarely spoke to Lily after the way she dismissed someone who genuinely cared about her and her wellbeing. This made James, and by default Sirius and Peter, less agreeable. I did things with them, and they with me, but we began to grow apart. The curse of the lone wolf, so they say. This gap only increased when Sirius tried to use me as an unwilling part of a prank to scare Severus. Instead, he put the both of us in great danger. While I forgave him, eventually, since James saw fit to save the Slytherin from me, I no longer felt as if I could trust him implicitly. The unfortunate situation was that Sirius held the same opinion of me. While we would do almost anything to help each other, we were pack, after all, suspicion littered our relationship. Then Voldemort attacked. Muggle killings, werewolf attacks, magical families wiped from the face of the Earth. These acts and worse were perpetrated in the name of Magical Purity, some ideal that made absolutely no logical, nor logistical, sense. The last happy memory from that time was that of Lily and James getting married, a desperate act of love in the bleakest of times. Shortly after, however, Albus, the one who rescued me from the dark cellar and locked bedroom, requested I tried to learn about the werewolf packs and try to get them to fight for his side, the Light side. By this time, I was jaded. I could see the strings the wizened wizard plucked at, a master puppeteer manipulating his marionette with skill, grace, and discretion. A sense of ill ease and pessimism wound it's way around my mind, slowly strangling my self conscious. I could see the logic, the need, behind the headmaster's actions, but it made me no less wary of his intent and almost careless use. One can imagine my great distrust of having to immerse myself into a culture and way of life I avoided like the plague. He wanted me somewhere unreachable, unattainable by all but him. Yet, with all of my misgivings, I left on the mission, and began gathering intelligence. And did I learn. So much of what we know as wizards is grossly false. There are basic things, such a physiology and basic 'defensive' strategies that are easily observed. What we missed, completely, I began to see, was how life could be in symbiosis with the wolf. A wizard is taught to fight the change, fight the inner wolf, with all of our mental power, to calm our urges, smother our emotions, and be in control at all times. While important when dealing with humans, the culture is as rich as any other I had experienced. Full mythology and theological beliefs that just made wolf sense are hidden within every good, decent pack. Perhaps the most coveted stories told to the children before bedtime, over a roaring fire, is that of a wolf and it's true lifemate; the one person made for their soul, their other half. While all mate-bonds develop many aspects and abilities, reading the other's mind, finding them, the desire to protect and provide, empathy links, only the lifemate is a complete compliment. Magic is stronger between the pair. Their abilities are farther reaching, more powerful, and come naturally. They are said to know and feel each other in a slight way before the bond is even intimated. A type of harmony is instantly struck between the pair, and, most shockingly and tragic of all, is that when one mate dies, so does the other. A normal mate cannot long outlive their counterpart, but have the ability to forge another mate-bond in it's place. This cannot be said for a lifemate. I sat, all the while, in shock and awe. The alpha pair for the pack were lifemates, and you can see. From the matching mate marks, to the way they interacted,