The Alkahest Chapter One: The Long Arm Of The Law … "Hermione, I beg of you. I'm begging. Look at me, here. On my knees. Begging ." She refused to look, glaring at the parchments she was trying (and failing) to read. "Harry, get off my floor," she demanded. "I'm not doing it. Not after last time." She heard Harry's knees scuffling closer, and sighed when she felt his clasped hands fall against her knees. "Do you know how long it's been since I've been alone with my wife, Hermione?" he asked, slow and deliberate. "All those lonely morning showers-" " Don't you dare ," Hermione breathed, lowering the parchments finally to smack the stack repeatedly into Harry's wincing, grinning face. "We had a deal. We don't tell each other about our sex lives with our friends ." "I can't help it. The built-up randiness is killing me. And Ginny. She hasn't even had a chance to use that vibrator she got. James and Albus takes up her every waking moment. And I'd know, because it's very loud," he added, eyes narrowing a bit as he regarded her. "The vibrator. You can hear it throughout the whole house." Hermione screamed in disgust, throwing her stack of parchments on the table. Because this was clearly war. She leveled an impressive glare on him for a moment before the fire in her eyes dampened to something calculating and smug. "Ronald's penis has freckles," she said, coolly. Harry gagged impressively. "No, don't!" " And his testicles have-" "No!" he shouted at her, lunging forward to cover her mouth with his hands. She continued to speak under them, and he was pretty sure he heard 'pubic' in there somewhere. "No, no. Don't. I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. I take it back. She doesn't even have one, I swear." Hermione stopped speaking, glaring at him suspiciously, and he slowly lowered his hands. "Please," he whispered. "Bill's out of the country, Charlie's busy with work, Percy's got his head up his arse, Molly just feeds them cotton candy until they puke, and I can't trust George not to give them something that blows up the house. There's only you and Ron, and Ron will only do it if you do it with him." "That's because he hates changing nappies," she grumbled. "I promise, I promise , I've inspected James' room thoroughly and he has no traps, joke toys from George's shop, nothing. Nothing will happen," he beseeched her. "He turned my hair blue," Hermione huffed. "I had to go to work like that for three weeks." "Technically," Harry pointed out, in an unsure tone, because correcting Hermione was never the best way to get her to do a favor. "You should blame George for giving him that color bomb in the first place. It was an awful thing to do. Damn him. Damn that George straight to the fiery abyss," he added, almost plaintively, as he grew increasingly desperate. "Oh, shut up," she said, crossly. "You laughed yourself sick for days." He widened his eyes a bit, putting a bit of a pout on. Slowly, his hands returned to their clasped position as he silently entreated her unimpressed glare. But, as always, Hermione felt her stubborn nature crack under the force of his pleading. There was little Harry could ask for that she could refuse; some people assumed it was the war that made them like that, but their old schoolmates recalled often that they'd always been like that with each other – almost like long-lost twins finding each other after eleven years away. They'd stuck their necks out for each other well beyond the normal range of mere friendship. Her breath left her in a gusty, annoyed sigh. "Fine, I'll watch James and Albus with Ron," she agreed. Harry's grin flashed. "You're so brilliant, Hermione. And kind, and wonderful. And so pretty when you're scowling." "Don't push your luck," she said, sourly. 0o0o0o0o0 The next Friday found Hermione meeting Ron for a quick coffee before Flooing to Grimmauld Place. She brushed at his jumper, earning a blinking glance, and explained, "Scone crumbs." Ron flashed her that easy, humorous smile she'd fallen slowly in love with over the years. It didn't make her stomach flip anymore, but then, she rather thought the fireworks of early love were overrated, anyhow. Everyone always suggested that people should 'marry their best friend,' after all. Lives tended to stretch a lot longer than actual romances. As soon as they entered, Ginny was running down a list of things Ron was not to do, making the ginger-haired man groan in agony. "Aren't you going on a date ?" he reminded her. "Go, I won't kill my nephews, I swear. And Hermione's here, anyway, to keep me from being dumb, remember?" Ginny shot him a wary glare and turned to Hermione. "That list stands. No broom flying, no levitating, no sweets before dinner, and don't let him swear in front of them. James has said nothing but 'bloody' this and 'bloody' that since the last time Ron watched him," she complained. Harry began ushering her to the fireplace. "Time's wasting, Ginny," he cajoled, grinning brightly at his friends as he shoved her protesting form into the fire. Before following, he muttered, "And I aim to make the best of it." Then, he was gone. After a moment, Ron grumbled, "That comment best not have meant what I think it did." Hermione burst out laughing. "I suppose I've no comment, then." Ron groaned in disgust, pulling a face. "I'll never get used to it. Never. She could be eight children in and I'd still be of the opinion they were conceived immaculately." "Actually, did you know, the immaculate conception was likely not meant to have referred to a virgin giving birth-" "Stop, no. No boring Muggle facts in front of my nephews," Ron warned her. At her indignant squawk, he grinned, the corners of his eyes creasing as he crowded her space all of a sudden and planted a kiss – soft, and warm, and familiar – before releasing her and heading towards James' room upstairs. "Who wants a lolly?" he bellowed up the stairs. "Wh- Ronald Bilius Weasley, no, you will not !" Hermione screeched after him, tearing up the stairs herself. 0o0o0o0o0 Six hours later, Harry and Ginny slunk in through the Floo with their hands intertwined, their hair a mess, and sleepy-contented smiles on their face. Ron glared at them, lips pursed, from the couch. "Ew," Ron intoned, pointing at Harry. "And ew," he added, moving his finger to Ginny. "Grow up," Ginny chortled, her smile widening. Hermione grinned, her heart feeling full – full of this moment . Her friends, and her boyfriend. She felt happy, and she immediately felt herself beginning to analyze that happiness, and tried to stop the process before she chased it away. Pushing to her feet, she grabbed Ron's hand. "I'd hug you both, but I don't want to collect any wayward fluids," she said, eyebrow raising as she regarded them both. "Oh! Ew ," Ron whined. "Hermione, why?" Laughing, she bid her goodbyes to her friends and pulled him into the Floo, to her place. Somehow, she managed to make him set aside his residual feelings of disgust for the evening, and they spent a good hour doing just what Ron imagined Ginny never did. 0o0o0o0o0 The next morning, she woke up early, as usual. Unusually, though, Ron was awake and watching her. Jolting a bit at the realization, Hermione blinked at him, awkwardly smiling at the serious look on his face. "Morning, love," he murmured. "Good morning," she returned, her voice a little hoarse from sleep. "I can't believe you're up this early. It is early, isn't it? What time is it..." "Half six," he assured her. He looked like he wanted to say something else, but couldn't find the words to get it out. After a few moments of trying, he gave up, looking strangely defeated and a little sad. Frowning, Hermione rolled towards him. "What's wrong?" He struggled a bit more, and finally settled on, "Do you ever think about why we never moved in together?" "What?" she asked, dumbly, blinking. "I mean, we've dated almost four years," he reminded her. They'd started up right after the war ended with them as victors, but Hermione had gotten cold feet, and had broken things off before they really started. She'd gone to university for a time after getting her parents back – a magical university, in Barcelona, Spain. They'd written to each other plenty, as did she and Harry and Ginny, but it had just been as friends. When she'd come back, sporting a tan and feeling a lot freer than she had in a while, the relationship seemed to already be in place, sparking off right where they'd left things off. It had been explosive (in that good way), and full of laughter. It had been nice. She shifted on the bed, pulling the sheets around her a bit, fiddling. "I didn't know you wanted to take that step," she finally said, haltingly, feeling a twinge of guilt. She'd guessed he had, but she was so particular about her personal space. After leaving the dorms of university, she'd sworn never to have a flatmate again. His mouth pulled in that crooked smile. "You didn't?" he challenged wryly, although his voice was soft, almost fond. She shot him a guilty look. "You know I love you." "I love you, too. But, sometimes, I just... I think, that maybe... this isn't working." Stunned, Hermione just stared at him. He swallowed, hastening to try and explain himself. "Not the love part, because obviously that's real. And not the time we spend together, because obviously I wouldn't trade that for anything else in the whole world," he continued. "It's just that sometimes I think... maybe we're trying too hard to make this more than just a friendship." "This is..." She swallowed. "A very odd conversation to have naked, in my bed." He winced. "Sorry. But can you honestly tell me you don't feel it, sometimes? Like maybe we're just together because it's... because we know it, already? Because we expected to be, and so did everyone else? We know all the words to each other by heart, by now. I'd reckon I even know you better than Harry does, and up until a year ago I didn't think it was even possible to know you better than Harry does." He chuckled at the notion, equal parts proud and self-deprecating. Then, he sobered, his brown eyes finding hers again. "But I don't excite you, do I?" She swallowed again, her throat feeling strangely raw. She couldn't exactly refute what he was saying, and the fact that he was saying it meant he probably felt similarly, but it still hurt to think of possibly letting this relationship go. It felt... pleasant. Like a warm blanket. Like friendship, she realized. "And I don't excite you," she whispered, the realization hitting her hard. His smile was wry, a little twisted by some inner guilt, and she closed her eyes as she let it sink in. She'd been so full of herself, then, hadn't she? Thinking that he'd been over the moon for her, letting herself play a little bit the martyr in continuing the relationship even though it wasn't exactly exciting or adventurous or even all that romantic. But in reality, he'd been in the same boat, wondering how to navigate the feelings they'd had for each other as teenagers that had failed to mature along with them. Her inhale was shaky, and his arms suddenly flew around her. "Don't cry, 'Mione, don't," he begged. "You know I can't bear it when you cry." "I'm trying not to," she whimpered, her face growing hot with embarrassment. They fell silent, and for a while – an hour, or maybe longer, she figured – they just held each other