Author's Note: I loved Breaking Dawn (and the entire series, of course), but at the end I was left still wanting more. I found myself imagining what Edward and Bella would be doing in another ten years, and it bothered me that the Volturi threat was still "out there." This story is my attempt at a sequel for Breaking Dawn. When I began this story back in 2009, I intended to keep everything in line with canon. However, the Illustrated Guide has become available since then, and some of the things I had already written and some of the things that part of the plot hinged on are not in line with what has been published in the Illustrated Guide. Alice's past is completely different in my story, and I had made up names for Nahuel's sisters which I have not bothered to go back and change. But aside from that, everything should be in line with the four books from Twilight Saga, Midnight Sun, and the information that was available on the twilightlexicon site at the time I started writing the story. The story is now complete and all chapters of the main story have been posted (36 chapters). The reason I am not yet marking it officially "complete" on the site is because I still have an epilogue planned as well as an outtake. Rating: Rated T because the Twilight series is rated T. There is no foul language in this story, and sexual references/violence are be handled in a similar manner as in SM's Twilight books. Disclaimer: All recognizable characters are the property of Stephenie Meyer. Chapter 1: Flight "Go to sleep," Edward murmured as he closed his eyes. I leaned over on his shoulder and pretended to sleep as the flight attendant stepped out of the cabin and came down the aisle for another routine check. The other first-class passengers were all asleep, or nearly so, and we might as well blend in. I could hear the familiar sound of Jacob's snore just behind me. Renesmee was leaning against his shoulder as I was against Edward's - only she didn't have to pretend; she really was asleep. I had envied her that ability, on a few occasions, but not often. I truly enjoyed the extra time afforded to me by my inability to sleep. Even though we had eternity to spend together, I didn't want to waste one minute sleeping, not when I could spend it with Edward, fully conscious. Edward and I had been married for ten years now. Our love had only deepened with time, and our desires for one another physically had not lessened. Emmett and Rosalie had nothing on us. However, as a more mature vampire, I was better able to balance my daily activities and had learned how to focus on whatever task was at hand. My current task was to sit next to Edward on this plane, for a few hours, with no inappropriate public displays of affection. Not an easy task, but I would manage. I let my thoughts roam through the events of the last decade. Ten years ago, I was still human, on a similar flight, headed to the same island off the coast of Brazil. Esme's island. Never in my wildest dreams had I imagined that I would conceive Renesmee on my honeymoon. Carlisle hadn't even known to warn us. As it turned out, Renesmee was not the first of her kind - half vampire and half human - but her kind was very rare. We had learned of only four others, half-siblings to one another, who lived in the Amazon. None of their mothers had survived. And their father had been hunted down and destroyed by the Volturi shortly after our confrontation with them nearly 10 years ago. Nahuel hadn't minded; his half-sisters were another story. The pregnancy took its toll on my human body, but I kept my promise - I kept my heart beating, with some help from Jacob and Edward. Edward changed me right after she was born. I will never forget the endless pain of the fire that burned through my veins. My transformation took less time than most, but those two days felt like an eternity. It was worth it, though; I've had no regrets. The last ten years have been the best of my life. The public story at first was that Edward and I had moved to Alaska to attend college, when in reality we had continued to live in Forks with the Cullens for the first three years of our marriage. Only Charlie, Renée, and our Quileute friends knew the truth - or at least some version of it. It was the longest Edward's family had ever stayed in any one place, and we had been seriously pushing the limits of believability for Carlisle's age. His body was frozen at twenty-three, and he was claiming thirty-seven. He was well-known in the area, being one of the few doctors in town, and he had begun getting comments from random people at the hospital about how he never looked any older. We hated moving away from Charlie, and Jacob's pack brothers, but the time had come; we no longer had a choice. I smiled to myself as I thought of Charlie. One thing I had expected to lose when I became a vampire was contact with my human family. We were furious with Jacob when we first found out he had invited Charlie over to the Cullens' shortly after my transformation. I was a days-old newborn vampire, and the results could have been disastrous, but it had worked out really well. Even ten years later, Charlie still insisted on being on a "need to know" basis and had come nowhere close to guessing the Cullens' secret. He had taken my altered appearance - as well as Renesmee's presence - in stride. Of course, the changes to my body probably didn't seem quite so shocking when compared to seeing Jake phase into a wolf. He knew there was something "magical" going on, but he honestly did not want to know any details. I couldn't have planned it more perfectly myself. And then there was Renée. In the beginning, I thought I might have to let her think I died. It had taken me 6 months to come up with a story that I knew would satisfy her. Emmett hadn't thought my mom could possibly be that gullible, but he should have known better than to bet against Alice. We hadn't introduced Renesmee to Renée until she was seven years old, when we were able to pass her off as Edward's long-lost biological sister. Before that, we would have Jacob "babysit" at Billy's whenever she was visiting. Renée still didn't know Nessie was her granddaughter, but she loved her nonetheless. Jacob let out a particularly loud snore, jolting me from my trip down memory lane. I checked my watch, noting that we still had about thirty minutes of flight time remaining. Everyone was still sleeping - or pretending to. I resumed entertaining myself with memories of the past few years. When it had become a necessity to leave Forks, we moved to Wisconsin and remained there for five years. Our new house was quite similar to the one in Forks. Edward, Emmett, Jasper, Alice, and Rosalie had enrolled in high school once again. Jacob had looked twenty-five for some time and could not pass for a high school student, so he posed as the Cullens' groundskeeper. At first, he had objected (to put it mildly) to the idea of playing what he saw as the role of a servant, but he eventually agreed it was the most believable explanation for any humans who might ask. After all, he looked as old as Carlisle; he couldn't be another adopted child. I stayed home, where Esme and I homeschooled Renesmee; Nessie and I stayed out of the public eye so that the locals didn't know we existed. Our story if anyone happened by the house and saw us was that I was Edward's sister-in-law and Renesmee was his niece. But our house was quite secluded, and none of the locals ever happened by. We did get out of the house during this time of course; in fact, we had traveled extensively, enjoying a number of vacations, as well as several field trips to supplement Renesmee's education. We just avoided the local town and its surrounding communities. We sent Charlie plane tickets, and he visited about once a month. He just couldn't stay away from his granddaughter. We also sent tickets to Renée, but she visited less frequently, as she had a busy life with Phil and was completely unaware that she had a grandchild. When it was time to leave Wisconsin, Alice and Jasper, and Emmett and Rosalie, took an extended vacation - traveling the world and enjoying some time alone with their mates. Carlisle and Esme moved to Massachusetts, where Carlisle had accepted a position with Harvard, teaching and conducting research. Edward and I, along with Renesmee and Jacob, moved - of all places - to La Push. Charlie had been delighted. The wolves and the tribal council had come to accept us because of Jacob's imprinting, and with time, they grew to trust us enough that the treaty was amended to permit our family on Quileute land. The wolves had given up trying to keep their existence a secret from their own tribe a year earlier; too many of their people had noticed that the pack members weren't aging. Jake had never given his pack the same orders of secrecy that Sam had, so the knowledge had traveled to the extended families and close friends of his pack members even before that. So there was no need for Edward or me to conceal our lack of aging, since the Quileute people already knew our secret, and the Volturi already knew they knew. It was also unlikely that anyone we knew from Forks would see us there. Many of the people who had attended high school with us had moved away to larger cities to attend college and had not returned to Forks. We just avoided touristy areas like First Beach, and Edward was able to give us sufficient warning if any familiar minds from Forks wandered into our vicinity. For a long time, Renesmee had been begging for us to let her attend a "real" school, like her dad and her aunts and uncles did throughout much of her life, but we hadn't been able to allow it when she was growing at such an accelerated rate. The risk of exposure would have been too great - we couldn't have her in the public eye long enough for anyone to notice her unusual growth. So she was thrilled when we moved to La Push because she was able to attend the Quileute high school. Renesmee's childhood had passed so quickly. She had physically matured to adulthood in less than eight years, and her rate of mental maturity had been even more astounding. My thoughts were interrupted as I heard the flight attendant make her way down the aisle to once again check if anyone needed anything. Once she had returned to the cabin, I looked up at Edward's face - the very definition of perfection - and saw that he was looking at me as well. He kissed me gently on the forehead - he knew not to distract me too much - and then gazed into my eyes. I recognized the curious look on his face and felt the familiar pressure against my mental shield. Over the years, I had become much more sensitive to my shield and could detect whenever anyone was trying to get through it. Not that Edward was actually trying , but whenever he focused on me and wondered what I was thinking, I could feel it nonetheless. I had learned how to move my shield