PARTY My dreams always get pretty trippy before something bad happens. That should've been the first clue. I remember, the dream, I was standing in the sunlight basking in the sun. I was in a meadow, not Edward's and I's, but still a pretty meadow. I picked up a pretty flower and smelled it like I was in some Tampon commercial. Isn't today a great day? That's when I spotted her across the meadow, towards the edge, where the shadow of the trees kept her hidden. "Mom?" I questioned. Her head snapped up at the sound of my voice. "Aubie?" She had always called me that when I was little. "Aubs is too generic. A lot of people are probably going to be calling you that." My mom told me all those years ago. "Is that why you call me Aubie?" My mom nodded. "It could be just our thing, alright. Daddy doesn't even have to get in on it." She winked at my father, who was on the couch watching TV. I used to love the nickname. Now, I think it's stupid. Like I spelled/mispronounced my name wrong. Or because the woman who created it abandoned me. I stomped over the lovely flowers I was once picking. I practically ran over to my mom. "You have nerve!" I yelled. "Honey…" "You just abandon our family and you turn up randomly- in a dream of all things!" "Tesoro," Mom stated in Italian. (Sweetheart) Oh really? You want to go there? "Non me tesoro!" (Don't sweetheart me) I yelled in Italian. "Sono incazzato! Abbiamo avuto un rapporto stretto e che gettato nella spazzatura." (I'm pissed! We had a close relationship and you tossed that into the trash) My voice broke as I went to the next sentence. "Papà e voi, voi eravate anime gemelle. Ma questo significa, ovviamente, nulla per te. Sei proprio un…"(Dad and you, you guys were soulmates. But that obviously means nothing to you. You're such a…) Damn, I was out of practice. I couldn't find the right word. So I settled lamely for fish. "Pesce." (Fish) I practically hissed the word like it was the lowest of the low insults. "I understand you're angry," My mom said. "Oh, we're switching back to English. Good! Because I got a whole colorful vocabulary in this language!" I said. "Aubrie," the voice wasn't my mom's. It was my boyfriend's. Edward smiled and walked across the meadow in broad daylight. "Um.." I started to explain why my boyfriend is sparkling, but what the hell. This woman doesn't need an explanation. "Hello, I'm Edward Cullen." Edward said, out reaching his hand to meet my mom's. "I know," Mom grinned shaking it. Edward's alarmed eyes set on me. "Nina Burke-Swan." She winked at Edward. I raised an eyebrow. Are they flirting or…? "We aren't flirting," Mom put back her head and laughed. "I'm married." I guess I must've indicated that with my possessive look and I was clutching my boyfriend. "What's his name?" I asked rudely. "Aubrie, it's your father." My mom frowned. "As far as I know, the minute you walked out the minute dad became single." "Aubie, think about it. Why would I walk out?" Mom questioned, eyebrows raised. I opened my mouth to speak but closed it. It was very weird she just left. "Be-because, Dad just lost his job. We sold my Camaro. We almost lost the house." I stated in detatched sentences. "I've been through tougher times in my life, and you know it. I didn't care about the money or the house. Think really really hard." I stared in my mom's brown eyes for a long time. "You were forced." I said, not guessing. My mom smiled. "Bingo." "Who did this? Are you even alive? Where are you?" I asked, my voice panicked. "Tell Bella I said happy birthday." Mom said. Then I woke up with a startle. My breathing was irregular and my heart was all over the place. What did I just dream about? "Aubrie, are you ok?" Edward asked, getting up from the rocking chair. "What did I say in my sleep?" I demanded, still grasping the image of my mom. "You barely spoke tonight, you only said one word in Italian. It was fish." Edward smiled. I smiled weakly back. Holy shit, what a dream. It felt so real. "Are you sure you're okay?" Edward asked, rubbing my back. I took a deep breath. "Edward, I think my mom is dead." "Are you alright?" Edward asked for the third time while I got dressed. His back was turned, but I knew he sneaked a few peaks. Not for shallow reasons, to honestly make sure I was alright. I wasn't. "I'm fine." I mumbled, pulling on a sweatshirt. I didn't have the heart to even try to make it convincing. "Baby, don't lie." "You should go home and get ready." I suggested. "We'll talk when you take me to school. Bella's getting a car for her birthday, so we'll be by ourselves." "Please don't shut me out." Edward pleaded. I felt bad. Especially if things were to go Stephenie Meyer's way, today would be our last normal day. But I was going to make sure that this would not happen. I gave him a soft look. "I'm not shutting you out. Let me just corral my thoughts and sort them out. I'll speak to you in the car." "Okay, I love you." He gave me a sweet kiss. I smiled. "I love you too. Now go get dressed." Edward laughed and jumped out my window. I put on a scarf and did my makeup carefully. Today was Bella's day and I'm not going to let dark thoughts cloud it. I got out of the bathroom and went downstairs. Bella was already dressed and ready for school. "Happy birthday Bella!" I chirped happily, as I ate a sausage biscuit courtesy of my father. "Thanks," Bella mumbled. "Aw, Bells don't be like that." Dad teased. "Birthdays aren't really my thing." Bella replied. "I know, but you're eighteen! Let's go by a lotto ticket," I suggested. Bella snorted. "I won't win." "Not with that attitude." I teased, petting my dog, Moose. "Now Bells, I know you said no presents," Dad said with a grin. "But, Aubrie and I splurged a little bit." "You guys don't have to do that-." "We already did enough by taking you into our home," I mocked. She already told us this a week ago. "Yeah, we know. You're family, Bella." I said. Bella's eyes welled up. "Thank you," Dad and I looked at each other and smiled. "Come with us, I had Harry pull it up before you woke up." "No…you guys didn't…" Bella said, looking at us in disbelief. "We so did!" I said handing her a pair of keys. "You shouldn't have!" But Bella still ran out the door instead to meet her 2004 silver Taurus. "It's got a few miles on it," Dad admitted. "But it has a new transmission and these cars are supposed to last pretty much forever. Happy Birthday sweetheart." Bella hugged our dad then me. "I'm sorry I can't ride with you anymore." She whispered giddily. I laughed. "It's totally fine. With Edward around, he wants to keep me driving the truck to a minimal. He's afraid it's going to break down." I rolled my eyes. "Good man, Edward is. Only concerned for your safety." Dad imputed. Bella was doing a little dance of victory and then she was on the ground. Bella sighed. "I guess even after eighteen years, I'm still clumsy." "That's probably never going to change," I chuckled helping her up. Edward pulled in the driveway and I grinned. "I'll see you guys later," I waved, getting in the car. "Hello again," Edward greeted. "I see you're in a better mood." I shrugged. "It's Bella's day." "Why do I feel like you're keeping something from me?" Edward asked, pushing a strand of long hair behind my face. "New Moon starts today?" I suggested, in need of a subject change. "The second book?" I nodded. "Not as dramatic as the first one, promise." Lie number 1. "You're not going to do anything abnormally stupid?" I shook my head. "No!" Lie number 2. "Are you going to let me read it?" "No way. When hell freezes over and pigs fly out of it, that is when I'll let you read New Moon before everything happened." I exclaimed. "Why not?" He furrowed his eyebrows. "It messes things up. The most efficient way it to go with the book, although I'm iffy about this one. I'm trying to not follow it, especially now that Bella is here." I explained. "Which means you still can't read it." Edward huffed. "Don't be a pouty baby," I mocked, leaning over to kiss his cheek while he drove. "I love you." He cracked a half smile. "I love you too." He pulled into the school and I got out. Edward took my hand and we walked over to the courtyard, where my friends usually meet up at. "Hey Aubrie!" Molly greeted. I waved. "What's your plans for tomorrow?" We small talked for a while then the birthday girl walked in. Shae and Angela ran over to her and gave her a big hug. "Happy birthday Bella!" They all exclaimed. Bella glared at me. "You told them?" "You helped plan my surprise party." I held my hands up. Unbeknownst to her, I was planning hers too. "Oh, I get it, payback." Bella said. "It's a bitch! So what's it like being eighteen?" Lauren asked. As they talked with Alice and Bella, I leaned into Edward. "Did she like the car?" Edward asked. "Loved it. I feel like she's not used to people loving and giving her things. Then again, neither did book Bella." I mused. "Oh, but you love it." Edward smirked. I smiled back, grabbing his shirt. "You know I do," I pulled him in for a kiss. Then we heard a picture snapping. "You guys are so frigging adorable! Couple of the year!" Jessica announced. Lauren was holding a phone in her hand. I laughed and hid my face in his shirt. That picture is probably going to go on instagram. The boys were sulking in the corner. Bella wasn't interested and I was taken. Layla and Amelia were untouchable. Mike and Jessica broke up half a month ago. Jessica says it's just a little break to discover who they are. Angela and Ben survived. Tyler and Lauren were on their 'on' phase, a phase we all embrace with open arms. A pissy Lauren is never fun. Shae and Austin are hanging on by a thread. He keeps pushing her into thinking about marriage and going to college together and she's totally scared of commitment. Molly and Connor broke up after he took her virginity at prom. She's now going out with Aiden. Natalie and Logan are pretty happy together, and Katherine is talking to Eric. She admires the dork in him. Tara and Danielle are hooking up with some frat boys from a college. Layla and Amelia claim they're waiting for the wolves. I just know Layla wants a vampire, though. That's pretty much the run down. Speaking of Layla and Amelia… "Where's Lay?" I asked. Shae laughed. "They're probably running late, like always." "Layla's mom says if they're late one more time, she's going to have to move back." Bella reminded me. I took out my phone and called Layla. "Layla's phone, Amelia speaking, how may I help you?" Amelia chirped. I rolled my eyes. "Where are you guys?" "We're on our way. We overslept, again." Amelia groaned. "You guys need a new alarm clock," Edward commented. "Is that Edward? Tell him I love him!" Layla said, through the phone. "Stop fangirling over my boyfriend." I said, sternly. "But seriously. The bell rings in three minutes and then after that you only have five to get to