READ! I AM SLOWLY EDITING THIS. I first started writing this fic two years ago, when I was in eighth grade. Obviously, my writing style has changed and matured and I want to tweak the chapters. To let you guys know what chapters have been edited or not, I'll put a big fat EDITED on every chapter. Cool. Enjoy :) FIRST SIGHT "Will you write?" Layla asked, staring at the pile of suitcases in the trunk of my dad's car. "Probably not," I said honestly, shrugging. "I'll text you though, like a normal person." Layla suddenly wrapped me up in her arms like a vice. "I'll miss you so much." I patted her shoulder comfortingly and sighed. I promised myself I wouldn't pout, for my dad's benefit, and I've done good so far. But saying goodbye to my friends was harder than I thought. With my boyfriend, well, now ex, I barely felt anything. But my best friends in the whole wide world, Layla and Amelia, that definitely is the hardest goodbye. Speaking of Amelia... "Where's Amelia?" I asked once the hug ran its course. "She said she would be here. When do you leave?" Layla asked, taking out her phone to text our very free-spirited friend. "In twenty minutes." I replied. "I'm here! I'm here!" A voice called. "Sorry it took so long, my dad wanted to sign your card and he got all choked up and, well, you know how he can get." Amelia said sheepishly. I laughed and pulled her in a hug. "Tell your dad I said 'Thank you' alright?" "Aye aye, captain." Amelia saluted me. "So what will be your first act of business once your in Forks, Washington AKA Vampire/Werewolf land?" I shoved her playfully. "Forks has probably got to be a big tourist attraction for a lot of the freaky fans of Twilight..." "Um, Aubrie, you were one of those freaks. You asked for a road trip there for your fifteenth birthday," Layla pointed out. "I have changed. Although it still holds a part in my heart, I have decided to move on from my obsession. Turn a new leaf and all that." I said, crossing my arms over my chest. "Really?" Layla said, raising an eyebrow. "You can't just move on from Twilight. Not you, the winner of Twilight trivia four consecutive years. Not the girl who has an Edward Cullen cardboard cutout!" Amelia cried. I nodded. "I have! I need to shed off my old skin and start fresh. Also I don't want to be that girl who raves on about vampires and werewolves in Forks where none of that actually exists." "You never know," Amelia smirked. Layla and I rolled our eyes at her. "Well, since you're moving on and all that, can I have your Edward cutout?" Layla asked. "Not a chance!" I yelped automatically. 888 "Aubrie, it's time to wake up. We're home." My dad's voice said, causing me to wake up of my dream. I groaned and stretched the sore muscles. We were in the Forks Police Cruiser which my dad's friends from the area, Willy and Jerry, drove all the way down to Missouri from La Push so we could arrive in the Cruiser. After my dad got laid off from the FBI in Missouri and no luck of finding a job, he turned to the option of relocating and finding another job out of state. Luckily, the search ended when Willy told my dad there was an opening for Chief of Police for the town of Forks, Washington. Naturally, the fangirl in me squealed, but after a few months of getting over the fact that I was going to be in the town of Twilight, I decided to tone down Twilight fan and bring out other qualities I possessed. I looked around at the town and saw a lot of green like Bella had described. It was kind of overwhelming at first, but it got more comforting as I stared at the beautiful yet mysterious woods. We rolled up to a small, white two story house. It was rather familiar, but I'm pretty sure Daddy did this to make me feel even more comfortable and excited about moving here. You know, living in the same house "Bella" did. It was very nice of him, but I honestly didn't have a big problem moving here. It wasn't in the middle of the year, so I could try out for the school cheerleading team on the first day of school like everyone else. I also got to escape some painful memories, like my mom. I shook my head of thoughts about my mother and got out of the car, taking a few bags with me. I walked into the house and found it already furnished and possessed that homey vibe.I went upstairs to my room. There was a small desk, a rocking chair, a full bed, a decent sized closet, and a nice window to see the view of Forks from the front of the house. When I say view, I do mean view. Forks was such a small town, I could probably see the next town over if I gazed out far enough. I unpacked my endless suitcases and organized my clothes accordingly. I was a shopaholic and a girly girl, a dangerous combination. I had enough clothes to probably cloth everyone in this town and enough make up and hair products to make Barbie feel ashamed. Then I got to my Twilight suitcase. The posters, the t-shirts, the life size cut out of Edward, the packaging tape, the candy, and all my midnight premiere ticket stubs. Basically my most cherished items. I took the well-worn four books and sat them on my nightstand. They were my first copies. I had another set of the Twilight Saga, all hardback, and I also have another set for just in case purposes. Many people thought this was extreme, but I took all means necessary that Twilight would always be with me. I plopped down on my bed and decided to read the books and see if I feel anything extra special or magical if I started reading them in the actual setting. I opened up Twilight and read the familiar words, "I've never thought much about how I would die." I woke up with a start in the early in the morning with an open New Moon on my chest. I must've fell asleep while reading it. I put the books away and laid down on my bed. The rain was pounding on my window. I guess I'll have to get used to waking up in the morning with it. But, I didn't mind. Rain has always been my favorite weather. There was no point in trying to go back to sleep, so I decided to get up and get ready. When I stepped on the floor, the floorboards squeaked annoyingly, telling me the house was old. I put on a cute sundress and some wedges. I straightened my long dark brown hair carefully, taking my time. I worked diligently on my face as I put my makeup on, blending appropriately and making sure my eyelashes weren't clumpy or over the top. I grabbed a jean jacket last minute, unsure what weather was like in Forks during late August. By the time I was done, it was a reasonable time to come downstairs and eat breakfast. I walked down the stairs and saw my dad, who mysteriously grew a mustache overnight. Ha ha, very funny Dad. "Daddy, I promise you, I'm okay with the move. You can take the mustache off and be you. You don't have to pretend to be Charlie Swan." I said, pouring myself a glass of orange juice. My dad eyed me strangely before he turned a page in the newspaper. "Did you sleep alright honey?" I nodded. "I got a decent amount of sleep. So when do you want to head to school?" At home in Missouri, I had a beautiful, vintage, purple Camaro. I loved that car so much. But we had to sell it when we were threatened to get kicked out of our home. "About that... remember back in Missouri when I told you I scored you a truck?" Dad said. "Billy? Your La Push friend?" I questioned, drinking my orange juice. He can seriously give up the Twilight act now, it's getting old. "Aubrie, you know Billy. He's been to Missouri quite a few times when we lived there." Dad said. "No…I remember a Willy." I said slowly, knowing he was referring to Billy Black. "Listen, can you take off that ridiculous mustache and start acting like you again? IT's bad enough you're chief of police and I'm your only daughter. I'll be getting the Twilight jokes all day, I'm sure." My dad looked offended at the mustache comment. "What in the world is Twilight?" I rolled my eyes. "Enough is enough! You are making it very hard for me to shed my old 'Obsessed with Twilight' skin and start fresh." "Are you referring to the show, The Twilight Zone?" Dad asked. I gave him a look. "No, it's a series of books. You read the first one, Dad. Remember, I made you? You said it was awful and I didn't speak to you for like a whole month!" "Whatever honey," he shrugged me off like I was just doing one of those weird things average teenagers do. "Good luck on your first day." He kissed my forehead. "Thanks, I guess." I said, still confused by my dad's behavior. He is very much of a jokester but usually he'd give it up by now. Especially since I asked him like three times. "I don't know when I'll be home, first day and all. I imagine it'd be later than what we're used to, so start dinner without me." Dad said. "Sure, sure." I analyzed his uniform. "Why'd they put Chief Swan on your name tag? Is it like an office joke?" "No. Our last name is Swan." He said slowly like I was an idiot. "No, our last name is Burke." I argued. I know my name. Aubrianna Laraine Burke. Daughter of Nina Karen Burke and Michael Lee Burke. I have the driver's license to prove it. Wait a minute. Billy in La Push instead of Willy? Not remembering Twilight? Chief Swan? No way. No freaking way. "Dad, enlighten me. What's your name?" I asked. "Charlie Swan. Honey are you okay?" I waved him off. "Dad, what's my name?" "Aubrianna Swan. Do you need a doctor? Do you need to stay home? Or is this a scheme to get out of your first day?" Dad said sternly. What has this town done to my dad? He's crazy. "I'm fine. No, I'm not trying to get out of school, the cheer tryouts today. I'll see you later." I grabbed my backpack and the car keys off the kitchen counter and rushed out the door. " So my dad has officially lost it, poor guy." I mumbled to myself as I walked out the door. I saw the car parked in the driveway and I groaned in annoyance. In all its glory, there was a parked red 1963 Chevy C10 Stepside truck. Didn't my dad know how much teasing I was going to get from the kids at school? Being the 'Bella wannabe'? Unless... I shook my head. It's not happening. My dad is just losing it because of the move and because my mom left our family a few months before we moved here. I'm Aubrie Burke. People know of Twilight. The house is a coincidence. The truck is a huge coincidence. Everything is a coincidence. And that is what I kept repeating to myself throughout the whole ride to Forks High School. Once I pulled up to it, Bella could have not described it Twilight. "It looked like a collection of matching houses, built with maroon-colored bricks. There were