AN: This is my first time writing smut as graphic as this, and I kind of feel like I don't know what I'm doing. I tried to do the best I could and I hope you find it to be enjoyable. If anything is wildly inaccurate or makes readers uncomfortable, do not hesitate to let me know. The blood red sun was setting into a golden vat of light and pink clouds, casting it's final rays over the rocks of Dimrill Dale. A dwarf crouched next to a fire pit, dousing the sputtering flame with dirt and filling the air with grey smoke that turned to violet in the dusky haze. About him, two men, four hobbits and an elf occupied themselves with the nighttime preparations of cleaning up camp. Their supper had been meager and their fire small, but they helped each other regardless. With movements like clockwork, they opened their packs and pulled bedrolls, blankets and mats into the swiftly chilling air. They worked diligently and purposefully, but without speaking. The usual chatter and occasional laughter of the merry band was nonexistent and the air between them was heavy with grief. Eyes glassed over to hide deep sadness watched hands of different sizes unroll small bundles and smooth wrinkles carefully. Eight of the company there were, but nine had set out from Rivendell. Gandalf had perished in the mines, cut down by the dreaded Balrog of Moria. Not one of them had not been shaken to the core, and most of them wanted nothing more than to sink to the ground, but their quest could not halt. Though he wanted to dearly, Aragorn had spoken no words of comfort to his comrades. Instead, he watched as they sullenly prepared their beds, excepting Gimli who had volunteered for first watch. As Aragorn glanced around him, he noticed how far apart the fellowship's beds were; Merry and Pippin had set up near a small boulder, Sam was laying his bed next to his master's near the fire, Boromir had planted himself nearly six meters away from everyone else and Legolas was in the process of inspecting a tear in his blanket on the opposite side of the fire. Aragorn suddenly felt an immense loneliness cut through him as he stood by his chosen section of ground. Though he was surrounded by the others, they felt very far from him and, if he was being true to himself, he ached for comfort. A sudden idea sparked in his mind and within moments, he had a logical way of translating it into words. "We shouldn't have our beds so for apart," he said loudly, drawing the attention of everyone who looked up from their tasks to listen. He suddenly felt very awkward and continued hastily. "There are still orcs about and it will be easier for them to ambush us if we're separated." The others contemplated this for a moment before nodding in agreement or voicing their thoughts to the one closest to them. They all agreed that it was probably safest to sleep closer together. Each of them began to slide his bed over to where Aragorn's lay beside his pack, separating each one by a foot or two. The configuration of their bedrolls was still similar to how they had been positioned before; Merry and Pippin, Sam and Frodo together and Boromir more or less on his own. However, Legolas brought his bedroll beside Aragorn, much to the ranger's surprise. What astonished him more though, was when he noticed how close together Legolas had placed them. He watched as the elf straightened out the corners of his blanket, oblivious to the gaze that fell upon him. The dying light illuminated his eyelashes, pointed downwards towards his task. They looked so soft and were so long that Aragorn wondered how he could have possibly never noticed such a phenomenon before. They suddenly flashed with movement and were obscured by a wash of shimmering gold as Legolas stood, leaning forward slightly. Aragorn's eyes slid along the smooth motion of Legolas' back as he stood, watching the swish of his hair as it fell back into place. His gaze followed Legolas' waist, his hips as he walked towards Gimli by the fire. Aragorn caught his breath for a moment when he bent over to speak to the dwarf. Aragorn knew of his hidden attraction well, and how deeply it ran, but he was unaccustomed to it coming in such sudden bursts of want. With great hesitation and, admittedly some force, he tore his eyes away from the subject of his thoughts. Swallowing heavily, he carded his fingers over his forehead and through the roots of his hair, letting out a long, strained breath. His gaze wandered to the west where the sky was painted with a sweeping stretch of colour. A vast pink cloud hung over the sun, speckled gold and orange in places with a furious red in the center. Glancing behind himself, he gathered that all was in order at camp and that his disappearance would not be missed if he only left for a moment. Turning back to the beauty of Eru's painting in the sky, he jumped over some loose rocks and started his path toward the clouds. Unbeknownst to Aragorn, a pair of eyes, piercing and sharp followed him as he disappeared behind a boulder. Legolas watched Aragorn's silhouette, a shadowy black against the fading backdrop of the sky. A breeze fluttered through his hair, the cool air lifting it weightlessly and lacing its cool fingers around the soft skin of his neck. The elf touched Gimli's shoulder gently, drawing the dwarf's attention as he stood. Gimli looked up, watching Legolas turn and begin to follow Aragorn, his cloak fluttering. "Where're you going?" he demanded, standing up with some difficulty. Legolas turned his head to see Gimli puffing along to catch up with him and his long strides. The elf smiled. "I am going to speak with Aragorn," Legolas said, looking down at his stout friend. "We must discuss our new plan of action." Gimli suddenly looked very determined, his eyes glittering beneath his bushy eyebrows. "Planning without your key consultant? Aye, I won't hear of it!" he exclaimed, placing his hands on his hips in hefty fists. Legolas laughed, a very beautiful sound, and crouched a little, placing his long hand on Gimli's shoulder. "My friend, as much as we value your dwarvish expertise in planning battle, Aragorn and I must have this discussion alone," he said. Gimli harrumphed, but complied. "Alright. But next time I get a say!" he said fiercely. Legolas beamed again, giving his shoulder a gentle squeeze. "Absolutely." Legolas rose again, smiling, and turned back to where Aragorn had disappeared to. With long steps and lightly placed leaps, he too vanished behind the boulder. Stepping down over a tiny trickle of water, Legolas looked out ahead of him, scanning the horizon for the telltale shape of the ranger. It did not take him long to spot the tall black shape of the company's leader, sitting on the edge of a rocky crag overlooking the valley. The prince smiled softly, a careful smile he only allowed show when he thought fondly of the future king. As he approached Aragorn quietly from behind, his heart began to pound, as it always did when he was alone with the man. He was only a few feet behind the ranger when, without turning his head, Aragorn spoke. "A, Legolas.*" Legolas laughed lightly, ceasing his attempt at stealth. He stepped effortlessly over the last few rocks separating him from Aragorn and plopped down beside him, throwing his legs over the edge of the small cliff. "Manen ando istaennas návë*?" Legolas inquired. Aragorn kept his eyes glued on the sunset, but allowed a small smile to slip into his face. "You may be elfkind, Legolas, but light on your feet as you are, you are not noiseless," he said. Legolas grinned. "Perhaps I should practice my ranger-stalking abilities," he replied, swinging his legs back and forth playfully. Aragorn chuckled briefly in the back of his throat, but it died soon after and his face became solemn. The light about them was gold, shimmering and pure but with the whisper of winter chill. Though the breeze was soft, it picked up strands of Legolas' hair that it tossed about in an elegantly random dance of golden threads. A misty colour very similar to that of daylilies bounced off the clouds, illuminating soft skin to crystalline porcelain. Delicate ears turned into blushing translucent leaves in the light, not so different in shape from the plants themselves. An inhale of breath reverberated through Aragorn's weary bones, making a soft noise. Legolas' smile faded to a neutral expression as he crossed one leg over the other, placing an elbow on his knee and resting his head in his hand. His palm pressed into his ear and, slowly, his hair fell in a scattered waterfall that swung in random places as he watched Aragorn's face. He watched the way his face moved ever-so-slightly with each breath, the way the curls of his hair fluttered occasionally, the soft movement of his eyelashes as they pressed down in his wind-burnt cheek with every blink. Tentatively, Legolas reached out a slender hand; white, long and soft. He tried to calm himself as it covered one of a sturdier make; tanned, weathered and scarred by toil and travel. He watched it with anxious eyes, waiting for it to pull away, but it did not. After a few moments, the fingers did the opposite. Curling themselves around his own digits, Legolas' heart skipped as he felt the warmth of Aragorn's hand bond with his own. "Your hand is shaking," Aragorn said softly, he too looking down at their hands. Legolas opened his mouth to say something, but his voice caught and he stifled it, resulting in a red tinge dusting his ears and along the sides of his cheekbones. "I-is it?" he managed, his mind finally computing. Instead of replying, Aragorn lifted his hand upwards, only giving Legolas a moment to register before he placed his lips against it. They only brushed the back of Legolas' hand, but it was enough to send the elf spiralling bashfully out of his usual serene state. Aragorn finally looked up into Legolas' face and was astonished by what he saw. Raising his free hand, he touched Legolas' cheek gently, as if he was made of glass. "You are blushing, mellon nin," he said quietly, mesmerized by the smooth softness of the prince's skin. This only succeeded in making Legolas blush more, especially with the ranger's hand upon his face. Aragorn suddenly had a thought and drew his hand away from Legolas' face quickly, curling his fingers back and wearing an expression of mortification. "Forgive me!" he exclaimed. "I have no right to touch you in such a way." Legolas stared at him in surprise, his face feeling cold and empty without the warm touch of the ranger's hand. Aragorn looked positively horrified for a moment and then his face fell into something very miserable, but Legolas was so flustered he said nothing and simply stared at him, his face still as red as the dying sun. "Please do not be angry, I meant no harm," Aragorn pleaded. He was terribly angry at himself and horrified by his own actions. He had simply gone too far and ruined everything. "Estel..." Legolas said finally, the word barely a whisper. Aragorn looked into his eyes, the ranger's own wide and vulnerable. Legolas took the hand that had fallen from his cheek and returned it to where it had been, but making it cup his face; much to Aragorn's astonishment. "Estel, I'm anything but angry," he said, somehow managing to regain some of his composure. The ranger looked from his own hand to Legolas bright, hopeful eyes and it was his turn to blush. The wise