A/N: LORD VOLDEMORT HAVE MERCY. I haven't written a fan fic in years. I'm pretty sure I suck at it now. I've had two fairly sucessful Tomione stories that I'd like to finish, but can't even get back into my account. Somewhat wondering if some fans of the other stories will recognize me...well, I'm starting out again. So please, be gentle. I'm trying to get back into writing and honestly...I didn't know it can go away after a few years. I'd love to know what you think! (Excuse any errors. I do not have a beta!) Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Chapter One: SMACK! Ron stumbled across the grass, falling harshly on his ass as Hermione stood with her fist balled up, ready to strike him again as he clutched his nose. "Hermione, lets just calm down-" Harry began, holding his hands out defensively as slight amusement crossed his features. "Calm down?" Hermione laughed, feeling slightly deranged. "CALM DOWN?!" "Look, we'll just figure out-" "There's nothing to figure out, Harry!" Hermione cut in, waving her arms dramatically. "do you realize what he's done—the MAGNITUDE of this problem?" "Well..." Harry scratched his head. "we can just go back—" "WE CAN'T GO BACK!" "Hermione, please!" Harry shouted, looking apologetic as Hermione panted in a panic. What were they going to do? Oh God, this was bad—Apocalyptic bad. "What do we do?" Ron spoke up, earning a glare from Hermione, making him flinch. "I think the more appropriate question is when are we?" she seethed, trying to breath slowly and calm herself down. "we're clearly on Hogwarts grounds...but if we go to Hogwarts and see people dressed like Marie Antoinette —I swear I'll go into cardiac arrest." "What's cardiac-" " Shut up , Ronald!" Hermione snapped, stomping her foot. He flinched away, looking hurt and Hermione felt a pang of guilt through her panicked anger. "Look, Ron," Hermione sighed, rubbing her temples. "I'm sorry, but I'm terrified . I'm panicking and I don't know what to do. I need you to understand the implications of what happened." She frowned as he nodded slowly, looking down and muttering an apology. She sighed, looking around the forest. They seemed to be near the outer edges as Hermione bit her lip in thought. Clearly, they couldn't stay there. Well, they could – it may even be better. But she knew, they would be seen there just like they would anywhere else. Eventually, they'd get caught. The only thing to do is to go to the castle and hope they can find Dumbledore before anyone else sees them. She had to believe that they hadn't gone THAT far back. Surely they were within the past 100 years or so, though that thought brought her little comfort. Professor Dumbledore was either headmaster or the Transfiguration teacher. He had to be. They wouldn't make much headway at the Headmasters office. Even if Dumbledore WAS the Headmaster, they couldn't get in. The best idea was to go to the Transfiguration classroom. In which case, it would be Professor McGonagall and that wasn't the worst thing that could happen. Even if they did manage to get into the Headmasters office, she didn't want to have a run in with Headmaster Dippet—if they were that far back. But deep down, she knew they were years back. How it had felt...no, it wasn't a small amount of time. She gripped her wand, looking down at her jeans, running shoes and pink tee shirt. Ron and Harry dressed very similarly. She groaned, knowing there was nothing to do about it. She didn't know what decade they were in and could possibly just end up making them look even more out of place. No—the best option in sight was not to be seen. Who was she kidding? There was no best option. Every option was bad. Bad, bad, bad. She barely stopped herself from glaring at Ron before she began to speak. "Okay, there's not much we can do, except try to find Professor Dumbledore." Hermione sighed dejectedly, crossing her arms. Harry's expression looked pained and she reached out, grabbing his arm with a smile. A mixture of happiness, worry and sadness was mixed on Harry's face. She understood, because she felt the same way. They could see their Headmaster again... "What—" Ron cleared his throat, looking slightly nervous still. "what if he—you know...hasn't been born yet?" Hermione shook her head. "As you would say, we'll be royally…. fucked ." ((O)) "We're teenagers, we shouldn't sound like stampeding hippogriffs!" Hermione hissed as they shuffled awkwardly down the Hogwarts corridors. The panicked looks made them stick out even more thank their probably odd clothing. Unless, of course, they were in the near – past. Yet, Hermione highly doubted that. How could they possibly be that lucky? Considering what happened, she supposed it wasn't entirely impossible they weren't in Marie Antoinette's time – she'd literally only been half joking. She somewhat felt like they might as well dress up like chickens are start clucking. "Shhh, we're almost there!" Hermione exclaimed, seeing the Transfiguration classroom in sight. By some higher power, they hadn't run into anyone on the way there and Hermione instantly pegged that everyone was in Hogsmeade or something. Finally, some luck was on their side. "Okay, on the count of three, we run across the hallway and into the classroom." "What if someone's in there?" Ron asked. Hermione rolled her eyes. "Ron, use your eyes!" 'Or your brain' she added in her mind. "its almost dark, classes aren't this late!" "Oh, right." he grumbled. "Okay, one..." they all stepped forward, glancing behind them. "Two..." they approached the corner, gently peeking around it and Hermione let out a breath of relief when she saw no one. "Three!" they awkwardly shuffled across the corridor, making more of a scene than Hermione would have preferred. They flung open the door and closed it as quietly as possible, but of course, it made a loud banging noise. Hermione tensed, then let out a huge sigh of relief. "Hermione, we'll let you do most of the talking." Harry nodded at her. "is that okay?" "Yeah, sure..." Hermione sighed as they walked up to the office, knocking on the door and hoping to Merlin, Professor Dumbledore opened it. It creaked open, making Hermione hold her breath in worry. The very first thing her eyes met periwinkle robes. Yeah, that was Dumbledore alright. He auburn eyebrows rose in surprise, his blue, calculating eyes flicking over each teenager in confusion. Her heart lurched, seeing their beloved headmaster alive and well was an emotional experience. She glanced over at Ron and Harry. Ron looked somewhat tearful, while Harry looked as though he wanted to hug the man. "Professor Dumbledore." Hermione squeaked, her voice breaking with emotion and taking in his youthful appearance. Granted, he still wasn't young, but he was MUCH younger than he had been in her time period. Fuck. "Yes, may I help you three?" he asked warily, looking momentarily confused. "Professor Dumbledore," Hermione brought her hand up politely, clearing her throat. "we find ourselves, well, in a bit of a predicament. To be completely frank with you, we don't trust anyone, but you Sir." He raised his eyebrows in alarm, but looked more curious now than suspicious. He stared into Hermione's eyes and she gasped when she felt a gentle nudge in her mind. She frowned, pulling forth only good intentions and he withdrew quickly. "Forgive me, Miss…?" Dumbledore trailed off. "Granger." Hermione nodded. "Miss Granger," he nodded. "but I had to be sure you meant me no harm. One can never be too careful nowadays. With Grindelwald - I'm sure you understand, but I still sincerely apologize." Hermione's face paled as Ron and Harry shot her panicked looks. "Grindelwald..." she trailed off quietly, taking a deep breath as she closed her eyes. Double fuck. ((O)) Dumbledore watched the three over the desk, his fingers laced together in deep thought and the three remained quiet. The only noise was Hermione's munching on lemon pastries. Great, now she was stress eating. Thanks Ronald! She thought bitterly, shoving another pastry in her mouth, wishing it was chocolate. Ron was looking over at her, looking as though he was debating asking her for some of her pastries after he'd already eaten all his. He didn't dare. Not from the bitchy look on the curly haired girls face. Harry was looking at Dumbledore with an intense, sad expression. This definitely didn't escape his notice, as the older man kept glancing at him over his half-moon spectacles. "So, you are from the year….1998?" he trailed off slowly, frowning. "Yes, sir..." Hermione nodded, swallowing her last pastry. "In the future, they just allow students to use time turners, do they?" he asked gravely, frowning in disapproval. "Yes, sir..." she repeated uncomfortably. "you see, I wanted to take extra classes. Ronald got angry and broke it, then we ended up here." "I didn't mean to!" Ron interjected. "I didn't know that when I slammed it on the ground, it would make this vortex-like thing!" Dumbledore frowned, looking at them intensely as his intelligent blue eyes "That doesn't make sense," Dumbledore said, leaning back. Though, it seemed to just be an observation. Clearly, he didn't think they were lying. "you know that I cannot send you back?" "WHAT?" "What do you mean?!" "Yes, sir. I am aware." All three answers were different, causing Harry and Ron's head to whip over to her. Dumbledore looked at her grave face appreciatively. He could tell that she was the only one of the three that fully understood the implications of their actions. "All I can do, is try to figure out what exactly happened," he said quietly, unlacing his fingers. "perhaps the answer lies there. I cannot promise much else." "Not to sound incredibly selfish Professor," Hermione began, looking off to Ron and Harry. "but what do we do?" Dumbledore thought for moments. "I can enroll you in school." Hermione looked taken aback. "But sir, the timeline..." she said quietly. "Has already been disrupted," Dumbledore said gravely. "that cannot be changed. Perhaps the three of you are supposed to be here. I wouldn't presume to know…" he trailed off thoughtfully. "we hide you, we don't hide you - either could be the incorrect move, you'd drive yourself crazy trying to find the right thing to do in this situation. So, I chose the option that won't drive you three into insanity." Hermione swallowed thickly, nodding solemnly. "Miss Granger, you can keep your name," Dumbledore cleared his throat. "you are muggleborn, yes?" "Yes, sir..." Hermione nodded as he did. "Obviously, Potter and Weasley are prominent Pureblood names," Dumbledore trailed off. "you will need different names." "Evans." Harry said quickly, making Dumbledore nod as he scribbled his name down. "Er..." Ron trailed off, looking lost. Chances were, he only knew mostly pureblood names. "Wesley?" Hermione suggested. Ron looked over at her, nodding slowly. "Wesley would be alright, I suppose." "I would say you were transfers from Durmstrang," Dumbledore said ruefully. "but as you know, Durmstrang does not accept muggleborns." "I know French," Hermione suggested. "I could say I'm from Beaubaxtons." "Too much room for error," Dumbledore shook his head. "someone could easily check to see if that were true. We have many dealing with Beaubaxtons – the headmistress visits Hogwarts from time to time." Hermione frowned. "America...is the only option," he said quietly, pulling out his wand and pointing it at them. "Sir?" Hermione asked, her eyes wide. He waved his wand, making her skin slightly more tan, as she looked down, seeing her hair had lightened several shades. Her clothes transfigured into plain Hogwarts robes. She reached down fingering the slightly lighter hair, looking like she had spent a decent amount of time in a sunny climate. Her skin was already very little tanned, but it was slightly more pronounced now. It wasn't really much of a change, it was subtle enough. He