A/N: I officially gave up. I cannot get into my Radiant Innocence account. I can't even recieve the activation email! Of course, if it turns in my favor (which I doubt) I might go back to it or just abandon. Now, I'm going to re-upload my my two stories and afterwards, try to work on the new chapters! I know, SO EXCITE! I HATE losing ALL my reviews and follows . so, feel free to drop me some more. It will please me. Anyways, here's the first chapter and I'll get to the others! Chapter One: First Meeting. "So, Hermione, have you seen the new Defense teacher?" Ginny asked as they were riding in the carriage towards Hogwarts for their final year. "No, not yet," Hermione replied, hastily looking through her head girl papers. "I heard he's very attractive," Ginny purred, "Apparently, he graduated two years before we started school, so he's quite young…I can't wait—it'll be a nice change from staring at Merrythought." Harry cut his eyes at Ginny at this, but she seemed not to notice. Hermione sighed, putting down her papers. "Professor Merrythought was a wonderful teacher," Hermione said sternly, "You just don't like her because she caught you and Harry snogging." Ginny's face turned scarlet and glared as Harry burst into laughter beside her. Some chocolate frog fell out of Ron's mouth as he chuckled. "She gave us detention for a month, Hermione!" Ginny exclaimed in her defense, "A month for snogging in a bloody broom cupboard!" "After hours, too," Hermione said, crossing her arms and smiling at Ginny's flustered expression, "I'm surprised Harry got to be head boy after that little incident." Harry laughed and said, "Yeah, I was surprised too, to be honest." Thankfully, the carriages pulled to a stop, abruptly cutting of their conversation. Rain was pouring down and Hermione cast a charm to keep her long chestnut curls from getting wet. Not that she'd usually mind very much, she'd just didn't want to go in as head girl with an afro. "I'm so excited!" Hermione said happily, bouncing out the of carriage into the pouring rain, "I can't believe I'm head girl!" "Oh yeah, no one saw that one coming at all," Harry said, rolling his eyes and putting his arm around Ginny's shoulders as they ran quickly inside. Hermione stuck her tongue out at Harry, smiling in spite of herself. "I'm excited too," Ron piped in, "I'm starving! " "Ron, you ate three chocolate frogs, and six boxes of every flavor beans," Hermione said, flabbergasted, " Six! " "They don't put many beans in there, though," Ron muttered, sticking his hands in his pockets as they made their way towards the great hall. Hermione shook her head disapprovingly at him and flipped her hair over her shoulder. Ron and her had dated briefly at the end of sixth year, but she had discovered quickly that it was a mistake. Ron was like her brother. Her ridiculous, loud, and pig of a brother…But still; a brother nonetheless. The thought of kissing him made her stomach turn, and all she could picture was him shoving food in his mouth. So, Hermione was single. That was okay with her, though, after all; she was going to be head girl this year. She didn't have time to deal with something such as a boyfriend. She was seventeen—soon to be eighteen, and she had plenty of time to search for the person she was going to marry. They walked into the Great Hall, laughing together before walking towards the Gryffindor table and sitting down. Hermione looked up to the staff table, intent of finding the new D.A.D.A teacher. She contemplated going to introduce herself to him when he came in. She was head girl, after all, and she couldn't suppress her need to be approved of by her teachers. "I wonder where the new teacher is…" Ginny wondered, craning her neck and looking towards the staff table. "I'm sure he'll be in here soon," Hermione answered, watching as all the students filled in - the first years came into the hall and crowded in front of the staff table. Headmaster Dippet stood and walked up to the timid looking first years. "Welcome back, students!" His voice boomed, magnified, "I trust all of you had a lovely summer, and we are happy to have all of you back for another school year at Hogwarts." "He says the same damn thing every year," Harry muttered to the group, rolling his eyes. "When you've been headmaster as long as he has, I'm sure you'd run out of new things to say every year too Harry," Hermione whispered. She liked Professor Dippet. He was a kind old man, but Professor Dumbledore, their head of house, would always be her favorite. "I'm just sayin'," Harry muttered rolling his eyes. Hermione opened her mouth to reply, but was cut off by a loud bang of thunder that roared through the room, lightning flashing on the ceiling, causing students to gasp, and some girls screamed. A jet of blue light hit the ceiling, abruptly stopping it and causing her to look towards the staff table for the source. Hermione's jaw dropped. There, at the staff table, was who Hermione assumed was the new Defense teacher. He was tall, thin, and pale in the extreme. His wavy black hair fell elegantly over his dark eyes and aristocratic features - his long fingers were grasping his wand that was pointed at the ceiling. He was dressed in plain black robes, and he was looking around the hall casually, his expression blank. He seemed to be a very serious presence, his handsome face and rigid posture giving nothing away; except a certain power. He was beautiful. "Oh," Dippet exclaimed, "Thank you, Professor Riddle," "Score…" Ginny muttered under her breath, staring at the new teacher in shock. "Students, I would like to introduce you to Professor Merrythoughts replacement," Dippet announced, motioning towards Professor Riddle, who remained expressionless with his hands crossed behind his back, "Professor Riddle, your new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher." Dippet started clapping, the students following. Hermione slowly clapped, noticing the girls around the hall were clapping with much more fervor than the boys. Professor Riddle slightly inclined his head, before taking his seat at the staff table. "Now, before we begin our sorting, I would like to introduce this years head boy and girl," Dippet gestured, motioning towards the Gryffindor table. Hermione felt her hands start to sweat and a lump form in her throat. "Mr. Harry Potter and Miss Hermione Granger, both in Gryffindor house," Dippet finished, clapping. Harry stood up, smiling brightly and waving around the hall as Hermione shakily stood as well, forcing a smile and slightly waving around too as the tables cheered. Well, Slytherin didn't cheer so much, but the rest of the hall did. Hermione felt her face heat up as her eyes fell on the staff table, finding Professor Riddle's eyes narrowed directly at her as he slowly clapped without much enthusiasm. Her face flushed and she tore her eyes away quickly, feeling like an idiot as she shakily sat down. The sorting began, and most of the students didn't pay attention, as usual. "Oh. My. God !" Ginny exclaimed towards Hermione. "I agree," Hermione admitted bitterly. He was a little intimidating, but other than that, there was no denying that he was probably the most attractive man she had ever lay her eyes on. He looked as though he belonged on the cover of a magazine, not teaching students at Hogwarts. "Ginny, I hope you know that he's probably going to be a total git!" Harry hissed, obviously annoyed at his girlfriends interest in the new Professor. "How do you know?" Ginny asked, her eyes traveling from the Professor, who was slowly eating and chatting with Slughorn, to Harry. "I can just tell," Harry hissed, "Everything about him screams, 'I'm a dark wizard!' Can't you see that?" "If you say so Harry," Ginny said, waving her hand, "We all know you're an evil doer spotter." Hermione laughed. Ginny had a point; Harry was always suspicious of someone every time something bad happened. If he suspected someone of something, he'd go into an all out investigation to try to prove it. "If he was Dark, I highly doubt he would have gotten a teaching position here Harry," Hermione said, "Also, since he's so young and he got the job, he's probably a great wizard." "See, Hermione's right," Ginny said, nodding, "Hermione's always right." Harry rolled his eyes as Hermione smirked at him. "I'm just thankful that Malfoy didn't get the head boy position," Hermione said, scowling towards the Slytherin table, "I couldn't imagine the horror of sharing a common room all year with that git." Ginny cringed along with Harry, and Ron choked on his bread that he was shoveling in his mouth. "Sharing a common room with ferret-boy wouldn't exactly be a cup of tea," Ginny said, laughing. Hermione found her eyes drawn back to the staff table, watching the new Professor out of the corner of her eye. He was leaned back in his seat with his arms crossed, his eyes traveling over the great hall looking very haughty and bored; but very handsomely so. She had to admit, he did seem to have a cold quality about him, but surely he couldn't be all that bad. Her eyes traveled towards Professor Dumbledore. He was frowning and she noticed he kept looking over at Professor Riddle out of the corner of his eye. That's odd… Hermione thought to herself as she observed the Transfiguration teachers behavior. He didn't look pleased, and she had seen that look on his face before. It showed when he looked at a lot of Slytherin's and it was obvious…Professor Dumbledore did not like Professor Riddle. As Hermione stared, she almost jumped when Professor Riddle's eyes landed on her. Did he feel her watching him? That couldn't be it. After all, Hermione was pretty sure that half the female populations eyes were transfixed on him. He stared at her for moments before looking away, more quickly than she could, and she felt heat rise to her cheeks at being caught. "Looks like Dippet wants us to come to the staff table," Harry said suddenly, snapping her out of her thoughts. She looked over to the Headmaster, and sure enough, he was waving them over. Standing up quickly, she walked up to the staff table with Harry, forcing her eyes to remain on Headmaster Dippet instead of a certain new Defense teacher. "Ah, Miss Granger and Mister Potter," Dippet said kindly as they reached the table. "Hello, Sir." Harry and Hermione said in unison. "Congratulations on your achievements," Dippet said warmly, handing them their badges, "I'm sure Professor Dumbledore is very proud to have both Head students from his own house." Dippet finished, chuckling. Hermione's eyes landed on Professor Dumbledore, who was sitting beside Dippet and was smiling, eyes twinkling at them. "You know, Tom, we haven't had a Slytherin Head since you left," Slughorn said, turning towards Professor Riddle and laughing. ' Tom? Tom Riddle…Hmm, that kind of has a ring to it,' Hermione thought to herself as she watched Slughorn pat him on the back in a fatherly way. "I haven't seen skill like yours until Miss Granger started here either," Slughorn told him, "I daresay if you two went to school together, she would have given you a run for your galleons!" Hermione felt heat rise to her cheeks as Professor Riddle's eyes fell on her once more. He was slightly smiling and he raised one elegant eyebrow at her. Hermione felt Harry shift beside her, and she knew he was probably annoyed that Slughorn was praising her and blatantly ignoring him as usual. "Is that so?" Professor Riddle said, his voice deep and melodious, flashing perfectly white and straight teeth, "I can't wait to see you