A/N: For Gabbie (marblesharp). I'm not sure what I was thinking when I wrote this, although that was December, so. Also, the only― spoilers (: ―fire (aftermath of one, that is) that I've experienced is a bushfire, so I'm not sure I got this exactly right? Sorry. / Hazelle meets Adam Abernathy on the first day they attend school. Their teacher places them in desks alphabetically, so after her mother kisses her goodbye, promising to be exactly on time to pick her up, she ends up on the left side of the classroom, next to a boy from the other side of the Seam. Their teacher introduces them quickly, since there are several more children waiting. "Hazelle, this is Adam." Hazelle is drawing invisible circles on the wood of her desk with her index finger, wondering whether her mother misses her yet, and what she'll do all day without her only daughter's help. "Adam, Hazelle." The boy― Adam, she guesses― looks up, slight curiosity in his eyes. Hazelle gives him a half-smile, then, interaction over, returns her focus to the knots in the table. The day passes quickly― after all, it's her first day ever attending school, so for her it is utterly unprecedented― and at the end of it, Hazelle sits patiently in the classroom with the other children, waiting for her mother to collect her. Bored of the delay, Adam is persistently kicking the leg of his chair, pausing only when their teacher gives him a stern look from the front of the room. Eventually Hazelle scowls and twists in her seat to face him. "What do you want? And stop it." He looks nonplussed. "It isn't your chair I'm kicking, is it? And I wouldn't be doing it at all if Haymitch was here." He goes back to kicking the chair. She sighs. "Who's Haymitch?" Maybe he'll stop if she distracts him. "My brother. He's ten." Hazelle can hear the pride in his voice. "He has to come and get me today, 'cause my parents are, um, busy ..." He trails off and kicks the leg of his chair again. "Oh," she says quietly. Then, "My mother's coming to pick me up today. She says I'll be able to walk home all by myself when I'm older and grown up." "When I grow up," he tells her, "I'm going to be just like my brother." "Does he walk home by himself, too?" she asks curiously. Hazelle doesn't have older siblings of her own, just a sister rising two, and the only thing she knows of older children is that they trek home in groups after school ends and gather together for the Reaping each year. Adam nods. "My mother says he has to, because she needs to work." "You ready to go?" an older boy interrupts. "I told your teacher I'm taking you." "Yeah!" he says, eyes lighting up. "Hi, Haymitch!" Hazelle stares. The boy― Haymitch, she can put a face to the name now― is tall and thin like Adam is, with the same build and naturally dark complexion, but the resemblance ends there: his face is closed off and private, his body language wary. Adam, with his dimpled grin and generally cheerful nature, could not be more different Adam shoves his chair backwards and grabs his bag, following his brother out of the room. "Bye, Hazelle." She waves a goodbye to him, then spots her mother coming through the door. Hazelle explains the events of the day eagerly―"Did you miss me? My classroom's nice and warmer than home is, and a girl called Valerie is going to be my best friend, she said so; mum, Mrs Faulkner's teaching us to write!"―but she doesn't forget to mention Adam and their conversation, or his enigma of a brother. / Some five years later, it is Adam's eleventh birthday. The day dawns just like any other, but when Hazelle wanders a few streets down from her house to find him and wish him a happy birthday― he lives quite close after all, and it's become a bit of a tradition― the streets are much emptier than usual, and she can hear each of her footsteps on the pavement. The air is crisp and cold, too, and she shivers. Hazelle finds her friend outside his house― she doesn't get a proper explanation for this, but it seems to have something to do with Haymitch's girlfriend― but a combination of cold and boredom drives them to the square, arguably the most interesting place for children in the district on Reaping day. Their curiosity often overrides the fright of the reaping, especially for the youngest among them. The main south entrance and streets to the square are blocked off, but there are side entrances, albeit small ones, and they can still see glimpses of the scaffolding around the newly reconstructed stage. They set it up every year: perhaps other districts can afford to leave theirs up year-round, but District Twelve cannot, since they have a comparatively small population to the rest of Panem, and the most popular and important shops and buildings fringe the usually bustling square. Hazelle kicks the dust from her shoes and pulls her coat a little tighter around her shoulders. "Look, they put the stage up in front of the Donners' shop this year. That's new." "Yeah," Adam says. "Hey, do you think we'll ever get to go in there?" He stares past her wistfully, eyes firmly fixed on the sweetshop. She shrugs. "Maybe they'll let us in after the Reaping today. Community spirit and gratitude and all that." "Well, they don't take it, right?" "I don't think so." 'It ,' she knows, is the tesserae. "Doubt they need to; they've got the shop." Adam kicks a stone moodily and shoves his hands deeper into his pockets. Hazelle watches the rock clatter against a wall as he answers her. "More for us then. But that bast―" Hazelle gives him a look, and he switches tack hastily, "Uh, Mr Donner hasn't let a kid into his shop without paying for years, Haymitch says, and his kids are, what, fifteen? It's a bit late starting now." Hazelle lifts one shoulder in a shrug, secretly agreeing with her friend but unwilling to tell him so― especially since he used his elder brother as a source. Adam believes everything Haymitch tells him, while Hazelle is more inclined to question. "Maybe," she starts, but just then two Peacekeepers that neither of them recognise exit the square, blocking their view. Hazelle leaves her unspoken argument in the dust she and Adam kick up as they run. The Peacekeepers make no attempt to follow them, but they keep running anyway, because there's a light dusting of frost icing the pavement, and they're almost the only ones outside this early on Reaping day, and because struggling for breath helps them forget that tomorrow at school there'll be two kids missing. And anyway, both of them know that even if you're running nowhere, it's much easier to keep going than to stop. / The next year, as it turns out, is a special one. Not only is it a Quarter Quell, but for the first time in history, the Games have been postponed. The earthquake that hit three districts hard and impacted the Capitol is all Hazelle's school talks about, and she even catches her mother discussing it covertly with the mother of the family next door. By the end of the week, though, she can no longer expect to hear about the natural disaster on five separate occasions everyday, because the Reaping has been rescheduled for the coming Sunday. And just to add insult to injury, her class has an upcoming test covering the Districts and their industries― since apparently no other class has ever taken it, they suspect it was brought in solely because of the earthquake. Hazelle's father is strict about school, so she is nearly more worried about that than the upcoming reaping. In class on Friday, Hazelle is attempting to answer the revision questions on her worksheet when Adam kicks her chair leg. After the fifth time, she gives up on ignoring him and drops her pencil in frustration. "What?" she hisses. They aren't working in silence, but their teacher isn't tolerant of disruptions. Hazelle calls him strict; Adam calls him something unsavoury that he probably learnt from Haymitch. "It's boring, that's what." She sighs. "Can't you just do the work?" "Look." Checking first to see whether their teacher is looking― a problem with your last name starting with an A is that you tend to be nearly always seated in one of the desks at the front― Adam slides his sheet across the desk. Every question is answered, if slightly messily. He smirks when she groans. "That's got to be a first." Adam raises his eyebrows and attempts at an injured expression. "I always do my work!" "Yeah, and the President's my uncle." Adam laughs in spite of himself. 'Could you imagine his―" he gestures to their teacher with one hand―"face if you really were related to Snow?" She giggles, and their teacher turns to stare at them. His expression clearly suggests that their best possible course of action would be to return to quiet study. Hazelle sighs, pushes her nonexistent uncle out of her mind, and reads the next question on her sheet. 19. Name three districts with mining as their main industry, and give an example from each. Hazelle can only think of two mining districts― Twelve and Two. There was Thirteen years back, but she's pretty sure that isn't the answer. She turns to Adam. "What did you get for the second last one?" "One, Two and us," he tells her. "Coal, diamonds and, uh, rocks. Not necessarily in that order." He shrugs. "Just put down stone or something for Two. It's not like he's going to know the differen―" He cuts his sentence off abruptly when she nudges him― their teacher is staring again― but they still earn a lecture for the disturbance. Once he walks away, Hazelle attempts to return to her work, but someone else kicks the back of her chair leg, and she twists around reluctantly. "Hey," Valerie King says quietly, the corner of her mouth tilting very slightly upwards, "Is Snow actually your uncle? I can really see the family resemblance ..." Jake Hawthorne― Valerie's desk partner― and Adam's laughter is loud enough to get all four of them detentions for disrupting the class. She spends the rest of the class and most of the after school detention ignoring them, but quite apart from the fact they're her best friends, they all live only a few streets apart in the Seam, so ignoring them for long periods of time is difficult. They end up wandering home together afterwards, Valerie and Hazelle discussing excuses for getting back nearly an hour late, and Adam and Jake butting in occasionally with joking comments and suggestions. "My dad won't like this," Valerie says mournfully. "It's got to be nearly five, and normally we'd be back half an hour ago." "Tell him there were Martians," Jake says gleefully, and Hazelle swats him absentmindedly. "There's no such thing," Valerie says uncertainly. "Is there?" "No," Hazelle says. "Like other countries; they're just stories." Adam grins. "Tell him Hazelle's uncle Snow caught you." Hazelle groans. "Can we please drop that?" "No," he tells her, smirking. For a moment, she almost mistakes him for Haymitch. "I'll drop it if you'll help me with those questions," Valerie offers. "We have to finish them for tomorrow." She grimaces. "It can't be that bad." "I think I got up to maybe twelve?" "Maybe it is that bad." Hazelle laughs. "But Adam finished them before I did." Valerie looks at Hazelle doubtfully. "Really?" "Why," Adam asks indignantly, "does no one believe I ever finish my work?" "Because you normally don't?" Jake suggests. Adam flicks his foot deftly and trips his friend, then promptly falls over