Note: This is a retelling of Twilight, where Jasper is not a member of the Cullen coven; Alice Cullen is Alice Hale, and she and Edward are married as Alice and Jasper were. Enter Bella, a la canon, and... things get interesting. things too sweet to survive Alice Hale has been sure of so many things for a very long time. It comes with the territory of precognition, of second sight. She knows if this happens, then that happens; she knows if she does this, then there will be that consequence. This is the way her mind works. All scenarios are there, except for the rare few... But she doesn't like to think of those. It's been one hundred years, more, that they've all been turned and living ( un-living? she wonders, with some amusement) here and there, a cycle of travel across the country, the world. It's been one hundred years since Edward has been turned, more, but he's still withdrawn. He still spends so much time alone. It pains her to see him this way, and she wishes there was some way she could use her visions, let him see them, to show him there's a better way. But there's no way to show him a future down a path he'll never decide to take. They've arrived in Forks, Washington, again. It's a comfortable place, warmer than Alaska, less isolated than so many of the other homes they have. She and Emmett are the only ones of Carlisle's children who feel better in a place like this; Rosalie and Edward would sooner bury their heads in the sand and pretend that humanity doesn't exist at all. Alice is under no delusion that this is because of the difficulty of, as Esme says, "living off of the land," or as Emmett quips, "being vegetarian." This is about not wanting to be reminded about what's been lost, despite all that's been gained. She strokes Edward's cheek as he lays beside her in their bed. He glances at her, sees into her head, and she just smiles at him. "School tomorrow," she says softly. "Yes," he says, and the corner of his mouth turns up, wryly. "Biology again." "You'd have us live in the woods alone, wouldn't you? No people, ever again," she teases him gently. "As if you'd let us." A smile starts, just barely, on Edward's face. "People are more interesting to you, aren't they?" She presses a kiss fondly to his forehead. "We're such creatures of habit, Edward. We don't change. That's what we are. They're... always changing." "Yes," he says, and nods. "They're freer than we are." "I don't think that's true," Alice starts. Edward glances up at her again. "Isn't it?" "We may be alone, but at least we have each other," she says. She thinks of everything she lost, that she can't even truly name. She doesn't frown, she doesn't tell him, because he knows. "We might be dead to everyone who cared before. But we don't need anyone else. Do we?" "No," Edward says, hesitantly, but he moves closer to her, and kisses her mouth. Her lips turn up despite herself. "Why are you smiling?" The truth is just fine, right now. "Because I think you just implied you'd like a friend." "Oh, friends," he says, dismissive. "Who needs them?" He's on top of her before she can think twice about it. She giggles when he pins her wrists to the bed. "Oh, don't," she chides him. "Don't what?" he teases her. "You know what!" He laughs and even though dawn is softly breaking over their home (for now), they indulge once more in some playful fooling around, her playing happy distraction to his practical mind, him always there for her who's been so alone, husband and wife. Something changes. Alice feels it shift in her head, and then the vision comes, hits her like a truck might, knocks the mental wind out of her. She's in class, but she's suddenly drowning in the image, fingers tangling in a meadow, one hand, and another, and she sees Edward laughing, and a girl. There's a girl. She has long dark hair and a pallor to rival the Cullen-Hale clan, and somehow, though Alice has never seen her before, she recognizes her. She recognizes the sideways tilt of her mouth, the hesitation to smile, the chewed but painted nails of the fingers Edward is toying with, and there, on the other side of the girl, is Alice; she presses a kiss to the other girl's hand. She stares ahead at the blackboard as the vision fades. The teacher doesn't seem to notice. Her wrist is weak from her leaning her chin onto it for too long. She sits up, stretches, and the bell rings. To the next class. Something's happened with Edward. He's met this girl. She knows, the way she always does. This girl, who makes Edward smile and lets the Cullens anywhere near her after a touch of their cold hands; what is she? Is she one of them? No, Alice decides. She can't be. Her hand was – will be – warm in Alice's hand. She's alive. For some reason this is incredibly exciting. Exhilarating, she thinks. She doesn't remember the last time she let herself close enough to a human to touch for all that long. For so long she didn't trust herself, and then once she did, she was too alien to them to risk discovery by being too close for too long. Is it possible they could be accepted for who they are by this human girl? Alice stops in the hallway as Edward stalks to her, less distracted by him than by the girl who rushes past both of them, clumsily. The girl with the dark hair and thin pale face, who looks at no one in the crowd of people, and she turns to Edward immediately, to ask in a whisper, "Who is she?" "No one," Edward says, in a rushed, strained whisper. "Not now." Alice nods, and squeezes his hand, the most she can do in public. "It's okay," she reassures him. He doesn't look convinced. "Later," he says, simply, and goes to his next class. She sighs. Men. One might think they would get easier to live with after one hundred years to convince them towards more reasonable ways, but they're not wrong about old dogs and new tricks. Edward is Edward, and that's why she loves him. The first thing she sees is him. She doesn't see his face, she feels her hand in his, she hears indistinct words spoken softly into her ear. All she knows is she's not alone. She's been wandering for so long, but she's not alone. When she opens her eyes, her chest doesn't rise. She's hungry. She doesn't remember, but she knows, in her bones, that she has lost so, so much. And she is so very terribly hungry. But he'll be there. Someday soon. She'll find him, and there's something else there, something indistinct – There is the undeniable, delicious scent coming from the street, a cacophony of heartbeats. No. She runs. "Tell me everything," Alice demands as soon as they're in the car, the doors shut. "Who is she? I saw her! I think I've seen her before – " "Please," Edward interrupts, abruptly, uncomfortably. She looks at him, confused, as he goes on. "Just – stop." He starts the car, and goes to back up, but someone is in the way. "Um," Alice starts, "did I do something wrong?" "No – Alice – " He stops abruptly. "Did you smell her?" "I was a little distracted," she admits. "Why?" "She's special." He pauses, awkwardly. "Like you were." Her eyebrows rise. "But you never – " "She's special," Edward repeats, firmly. "Like us." Alice pauses, surprised, somehow relieved. "That... that might explain it. What is she like, what did she think?" It's a usual question, so it's strange that it trips him up. "That's – that's it, Alice." "What?" she asks, puzzled. "I couldn't hear her." He goes to pull out of the parking spot. "Dead silence." Alice is still the type to smile at that kind of terrible pun, but this is beyond intriguing. " Really ." "Alice, this is serious," Edward chides her. "What if someone goes after her? Someone who isn't... vegetarian?" "We'll deal with that as it comes." She touches the hand that's on the shift briefly. "For now, we need to talk to her." Edward immediately turns to Alice, appalled. "No!" "Yes," Alice insists. "Absolutely not." "I saw her!" she argues. "I saw her with us. She's important. You made a choice, even if you're too stubborn to admit it, Edward." "I didn't make any choice," Edward says, evading her gaze, then says petulantly, "I'm serious." "Oh, you always are," Alice says, only half-joking. Edward gives her a long-suffering look, then he turns on the music, soft classical piano, and she decides not to argue any further on the way home. Alice goes stiff and silent at the lunch table as another vision takes her, and when she comes back to herself she finds that Edward's taken her hand to distract anyone who might be looking. "Oh my god," she says all in a rush, and whispers to the others. "Something's going to happen." "Okay, yeah, what?" Emmett asks, casually tossing his apple in the air and catching it again. "Stop playing with your food," Rosalie says, though she's too bored with trying to corral Emmett to bother much further than that. "What is it? Is it those dogs again?" "You know I can't see them." Alice shakes her head. "No, it's. There's going to be an accident. A car. I mean, a car accident, and Bella Swan, she'll... be hurt, I think." "Who?" Rosalie asks, surprised. Edward's gaze is immediately on Alice, and the expression on his face is that he's searching her mind, and she nods swiftly once it seems to dawn on him. "I don't know when, Edward, but – " "Fine," he says, in an irritated undertone. "Of course a girl like that wouldn't be able to take care of herself." "Just be careful," Alice tries to tell him. "I know," Edward says, petulant again. "You're not listening to me." "You'd think a guy who spends half of his time reading minds wouldn't spend so much time in his own," Emmett notes. Edward rolls his eyes. "I'm not in my own head." "Then talk," Emmett suggests. Edward throws a piece of lettuce at him. "Not to you." "Hey, be nice to the lettuce," Emmett says. "After all. We're vegetarians." Rosalie barely stifles a laugh, then it's infectious, and Alice is giggling, and even Edward is having some difficulty scowling. I love you, she thinks at him. It'll be okay. She can see it in his eyes, that he hears her, and he almost believes her. It's a start. "You what?" Rosalie asks loudly over the dinner table the night after it happens. "You saved her from a broken leg or something because she, what, batted her eyelashes at you?" "She did not bat her eyelashes at me," Edward says, irritated. "Oh, shut up," Alice tells him, and turns to the others. "She was going to get seriously hurt, and she's – she's – Rose, she's important, I can tell." "Why is she important, then?" Rosalie presses. "What good is she to us? She's just one of them." "I don't think she's – she – " Alice's head hurts. "I don't think she'll be one of them for long." "Are you seeing something else?" Esme asks her, gently. "No." Alice shakes her head, uncertain. "I'm... Edward, tell them." Edward hesitates. "Alice," he starts, but she levels a stern look at him, and he goes on. "She's... sweet. She smells sweet. She's amazing. And if I've noticed..." Carlisle doesn't move, but his expression changes, and everyone notices, and falls silent.