I do not own Lord of the Rings or any of its characters…. I do ownall of MY characters…. O and I am going by the movies not the book…. hangs head in shame "books are so much better then movies," conscience hits head with frying pan, "You dork!" R&R please Chapter 1. Prologue Galadriel, "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen, han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned wilith. The world is changed: I feel it in the water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it in the air...Much that once was is lost, for none now live who remember it. It began with the forging of the Great Rings. Three were given to the Elves, immortal, wisest...fairest of all beings. Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners and craftsmen of the mountain halls. And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the race of Men who, above all else, desire power. For within these rings was bound the strength and will to govern each race. But they were all of them deceived. for another ring was made. In the land of Mordor, in the fires of Mount Doom, the Dark Lord Sauron forged in secret a Master Ring to control all others. and into this Ring he poured his cruelty, his malice and his will to dominate all life. One Ring to rule them all... One by one the Free lands of Middle earth fell to the power of the ring. But there were some...who resisted. A last alliance of Men and Elves marched against the armies of Mordor. On the slopes of Mount Doom they fought for the freedom of Middle- Earth. Victory was near! But the power of the Ring could not be undone. It was in this moment..when all hope had faded, that Isildur, son of the king, took up his father's sword. Sauron, the enemy of the Free Peoples of Middle Earth, was defeated. The Ring passed to Isildur...who had this one chance to destroy evil forever. But the hearts of Men are easily corrupted. And the Ring of Power has a will of its own. It betrayed Isildur to his death. And some things that should not have been forgotten...were lost. History became legend...legend became myth. And for two and a half thousand years the Ring passed out of all knowledge. Until, when chance came, it ensnared a new bearer! The Ring came to the creature Gollum, who took it deep into the tunnels of the Misty Mountains. And there, it consumed him. The Ring brought to Gollum unnatural long life. For five hundred years it poisoned his mind. And in the gloom of Gollum's cave... It waited. Darkness crept back into the forests of the world. Rumor grew of a Shadow in the East...whispers of a nameless fear. And the Ring of Power perceived...its time had now come. It abandoned Gollum. But something happened then the Ring did not intend... It was picked up by the most unlikely creature imaginable... A Hobbit...Bilbo Baggins of the Shire. Dreams awoke Alexia from a nice slumber. It had been filled with creatures with nasty teeth and white hands painted on them. A red eye had been in the sky and an evil humming and been pulsing through her body. At a scream she had awoken thankfully. "Lex! My god you're still in bed?" A cheerful laugh came from the window, "Lazy." In the window of Alexia's room came her best friend Sammi, jumping from the tree branch that came close to her window. Dressed in orange shorts and a bright blue and pink top her friend was a bright contrast to Alexia's mood. "What time is it? Does it even matter? It's spring break!" Alexia got up and looked into the mirror. Ugly circles ringed her tree green eyes and thick black hair frizzed around her shoulders. "Sam," a voice came from downstairs called, "Could you help me with something?" Alexia's mom called. "Yes, Mrs. Yagovia!" to Alexia she said, "How in the heck does she do that?" "Magic? I don't know I'm still trying to figure that one out." Alexia watched as her friend left in a swirl of bright colors that contrasted with her bright curly red and white hair. "Eric! Wake up! Come on sweetie," A blonde girl tried to coax her brother in waking up, "Come on breakfast is on the table." "I don't want to…." The sound of his persistent five year old voice grated on her normally patient nerves. "Come on buddy," a male voice came from the door. Stepping in the girl's twin came over, "Don't you want Shari to be able to go out and play?" The five year old was out of bed before her brother had to say anything. "Wanna play with me Dark?" Dark mussed the boy's hair, "Maybe later." "You ready Dark?" "Duh." After the two strode out of the little boys room and he had eaten they dropped him off at their neighbor's to baby sit him. The two strode out of their neighbor's house as fast as humanly possible. They walked the two miles to Alexia's house in the center of town. The spring weather was warm and sunny, not hot, yet . "So you two decided to come after all?" Sam sat under a huge cherry blossom its petals slowly leaving its branches in the breeze. "You're not the only one to help." Shari said and gave the other girl a hug, "Shorty." "Sharieeeeeee," the other girl whined, "Stop calling me that!" "But it's so much fun," Dark came over his 5'11'' frame tall compared to Sam's 5'7''. Shari stood eye to eye with her fraternal twin. Aside from that they were opposites in everything but tastes. Her reddish blonde to his dark brown hair, her gray blue to his brown eyes, and finally her peaches and cream skin to his pale as paper skin. "Hey ya'll," Lex came out dressed in Capri's and a sleeveless top, "Ready to go?" In her hands she held the keys to her car. "Yup yup!" Shari said. The group of four went to the car to get to Alexia's grandmothers house that had just passed away. There they were supposed to go through the attic and basement to see if any possessions could be given away. "Half of this is just old memorabilia! I think this lamp might be worth something though," Shari called. "I know some museums would be happy to have their hands on some of these old newspaper clippings!" Sam called. Dust had settled over all of them. Turning them all a grayish brown. "Hey look at this you guys," Dark found something. "What Dark," Shari asked unenthusiastically. "I don't know it just looks really cool! Some sort of wardrobe like from the 1900's." The black oak it was made out of was beautiful and in perfect condition. The gold lay work on the panels was delicate and probably took several years to do. "What's inside?" Dark asked as he opened the door. On the inside a mirror. But looking into the mirror instead of their reflections were four of the creatures that Lex had dreamed about! "O my god! That is so cool!" Sam said, "It's like a trick wardrobe. Like some Halloween prank." She went to touch the mirror and the room started spinning. Sam's POV "I'm going to kill who ever decided to make a spinning trick mirror!" Sitting up, eyes closed a headache worse then her worst hangover Sam flopped back down onto the floor. But instead of hard dusty dirty wood she fell onto grass! Sitting up again this time too fast and as compensation got vision spots she looked around. She was in a glade of some sort. The trees around her were tall and thin with silvery bark. The leaves were pale green and blue. Looking around she spun in tall grass. Looking around she gave a shriek of panic before thinking, "WHERE THE HELL AM I?" A FLASH of movement caught her eye. A dark shape came out of the underbrush. His dark hide was covered in scars and his yellow eyes seemed to pierce her soul. In a deep barking gurgle he said something and another came from her other side. Deciding not to stay she broke into a mad dash for her life. The creatures seemed to have endless stamina and Sam's endurance was almost spent after twenty minutes of perpetual flight. "Sam!" Alexia stood on a tall rock. Her black hair blowing in the wind, "Hey where have ya'll been?" Her eyes got big when she realized the dark shapes weren't the twins. "Don't talk, just run!" Sam grabbed the other girl's hand as they sprinted. Sam's legs bared by shorts collected many scratches and Alexia's arms attained the same result. Yet the two kept running. Shari's POV "Dark?" Shari sat up her blonde hair in disarray. "I'm here," her brother rolled near her. A dark cut above one eye hindered his vision some. They lay in a clearing soft grass comforting their heads. "Sam, Lex?" Shari sat up. Two dark shadows came from the brush. They were the things from the mirror. Screaming, her brother stood up fast. Placing himself in between her and the things he had seen in the mirror. Arrows flew from above piercing both creatures in vital points. Shari let out another shriek and clammed up. They fell and Dark helped her up as two men came to them. The men wore odd clothing, a mix for ren-faire and sci-fi creations. Each had dark hair and dark eyes. The hair was long and had many braids. The bows on their backs were obviously not ornamental. "Thanks man," Dark said. The men only looked at them puzzled. One said something in a smooth sounding language. He then switched to another that neither recognized. "Do you speak English?" Shari asked. When one shook his head in confusion she sighed, "Of course not, so I guess you two wouldn't be able to tell us the quickest way back…? Didn't think so." Blowing a puff of her hair out of her face she looked around purposely avoiding the dark shapes on the ground. The trees had a silver hue that looked magical. Their bark shone with a silvery light that Shari had to go up and examine closer. The leaves of the trees were deep green and blue their color so true. "Wow! Dark just look at this! No insect bites no rot spots these leave are perfect," Shari picked up the leaf she had been examining on the ground. As she went for a closer look a scream came from somewhere near. "Lex!" Dark was out of the clearing in no time, but before Shari could move one of the men held her arm lightly but firmly. "Estolada sinome," his gray eyes told her nothing. His companion had already taken off after dark. He released her arm and started to walk away. When he walked she walked. This time he took her arm and repeated what he said but with the other hand pointed to the ground. "Do you want me to stay?" She asked. "You're crazy if you think I'm going to stay with corpses." He didn't understand. "Never mind." It took the man twenty seconds to make sure she wasn't going to move before he followed the direction Dark and the other had taken. After a minute passed she got up and followed. Shari didn't have to go far for her to find them again. But what shocked her was that the black things from the mirror were alive again! The men who had rescued her and Dark shot with bows but these creatures were either much harder to kill or just didn't care for each had multiple arrows in their bodies. Dark punched one in the nose and from her distance she heard the crack that accompanied that strike. One man pulled out