Sexy Naughty Slave Author: DangerisDanger Pair: Isabella and Rosalie Chapter 1: Futa Naughtiness Warning: Futas Bella POV I love being a house masseuse to women, I usually get a good fuck or a very good tip or both. Today I am giving a massage to the rich and beautiful Rosalie Hale, I hear that she is a giant bitch but I think I can calm her down. I have on a black silk robe with the top open so you can see my cleavage and the robe is barely long enough to cover my ass. I have on black pumps and a bag filled with toys and massage oil. I knock on the door the door swung open and there stood a gorgeous strawberry blonde stand in the door way. She openly stares at my cleavage, I think I hear her breath hitch, her eyes darken but she keeps her composure and lets me in. She has on a black crop top showing off her toned stomach and black booty shorts and black stilettos showing of her long toned legs. I would love to lick them. "Are you Rosalie Hale?" I ask in a sultry voice, her sky blue eyes darken to a navy blue and she looks sexy as hell. "No I am Tanya Denali, I am a friend of Rosalie's would you mind giving us both a massage I am suddenly feeling tense. I will also pay you and give you a nice tip." Tanya says in a sexy voice giving me a wink before another blonde struts down the stair and stand next to her "I am Rosalie Hale, I would like a full body massage for at least an hour, we will talk tips later. Is it okay if we use my personal massage table in the bedroom instead of yours." Rosalie asks her eyes wander to my cleavage several times, I nod and follow her to the bedroom. I watch her tight ass in the tiny little skirt and her full curves are to die for I want to run my hands all over them. She has long blonde hair with glowing blue eyes, huge tight tits and a nice flat stomach. Her voice is so smooth and sexy, I wonder what it would sound like screaming Bella. She takes me to a large master bedroom with a huge fluffy white bed screaming to be fucked on. There was a nice white massage table already set up in the middle of the room, I close the door behind me but Rosalie comes behind me and locks it and I smile. "I will get set up while you get undressed." I say but Rosalie slowly takes of her pants showing her black lace thong. I can smell her arousel from here she turns around showing me her perky tan ass, it is tight, I want to bite it. She slowly takes off her shirt, her black lace bra is taunting me to rip it off, her hard nipples are eager in her bra to be licked and sucked. Her boobs are huge and tight, the size of a cantaloupe. "Can you unhook me?" Rosalie asks in a sultry voice my pussy is soaked with juices. I walk slowly over to her, the clasp is in the front so I walk behind her and lightly kiss her shoulder before I unhook it. I am holding her tits in my hand for a couple seconds the warmth feels nice before letting go and letting the strapless bra fall to the floor. I set up all of my oils and lotions while Rosalie watches me with a close wandering eye. Rosalie's massage table is pretty high about at her waist, I pick her up bridal style and lay her down on the table brushing against her ass. Rosalie lays down her tits are so captivating and my mouth waters as I look at them. I want to play with them all day. I squeeze one of my lotions into my hand and then rub it all over her tits watching as her nipple harden with contact I continue to rub her soft tits. Rosalie moans loudly and starts to move around trying to get friction. I hop up on the massage table and stratal Rosalie's waist, "is this okay Miss Rosalie?" I purr and her breath hitches, she nods her head slowly staring at my cleavage. Both of my hands continue to massage her tits while I bend over and do open mouth kisses on her neck her loud moans increase. "Mmm you taste so good Miss Rosalie." I moan against her neck I open up my robe showing off my large black lace covered tits. I get off the table and then stand at the head of the massage table where Rosalie's head Is and I take little step back and bend over so my tits are in her face. I apply lotion all over her stomach and I feel her hot breath on my tits then I watch her arms raise. She slips her smooth warm hands into my robe I moan at the contact and she unties my robe and unhooks my bra then rips my off me bra. I moan at the release of my tits. She traces her hot wet tongue around my tit before latching into it, I moan loudly and try to concentrate on massaging her. She pinches the other one my moans get louder and she starts to roll my other nipple and my hot pussy is soaking wet filled with my juices. Rosalie switches nipples and sucks harder on this nipple then releases it with a pop. "Your nipples are very tasty not as tasty as what I am imagining your pussy will taste like though." She purrs then moans against my tits when I rub her stomach harder. I crawl on the table on all fours. I get on my elbows and lotion her thighs I moan at the softness of her thighs. I feel her hands move up my legs to my ass and then stirs up and she gently bites my ass, I moan then she rips of my black lace thong. Rosalie takes a long lick of my pussys juices, I moan loudly when her hot wet tongue starts licking my juices. She takes several more licks then latches onto to my pussy, I moan loudly, her slurping noises are so sexy and making me wetter. "You taste so fucking good, the sweetest taste I have ever tasted." Rosalie purrs against my pussy before latching on again, she grabs my ass in her hands and starts to sit up while I try to get up. Rosalie wraps her legs around my back and then pushes my head down using her feet. Her face is diving and feasting in my drenched pussy, Rosalie is drinking and sucking loudly in my pussy like it's a the best fucking feast she has ever tasted, I moan and writhe into a orgasm the longest biggest one I have ever had. I get off of her and she grabs my head and slams her mouth into mine me, we both moan at the contact also the spark of electricity. I taste my pussy juices on her tongue, we taste so good. Her soft lips feel so good as I slip my tongue in between her lips and find hers. She sucks on my tongue I moan and she moans around my tongue. Rosalie wraps her arms around my waist while me make out and slaps my ass before grabbing it and picking me up, I wrap my legs around her waist. I moan into her mouth then I grind my hot naked center into her stomach, I feel something hard poke me in the ass. "What's that?" I say breaking away from the kiss and there is a huge erect penis with pre cum dripping out of the top against my ass. "That's my huge erect monster cock, it wants to fuck you so bad, I don't blame him you are so sexy." Rosalie purrs in my ear before taking my ear lobe into her mouth and sucking I moan and turn around. I run my hands down her tits and take one into my mouth sucking and moaning around it Rosalie moans also. Her dick is growing longer and getting harder and it starts to curves into my back and ass I moan. She grabs one of my nipples and nibbles on it I moan and grab her tight sexy ass letting go of her hot pink nipple. "It's so sexy that you have a big hard cock." I purr into her ear before taking it into my mouth and suck and nibble on her neck marking her, several times. "I plan on fucking you hard with my monster cock, like your my personal bitch. Do you like that I am going to fuck you so hard? I do, feeling your hot, tight, wet pussy walls all around me squeezing my dick as I pound into you." She whispers seductivly and I moan thinking about what she says. "Let's take this to the bed Miss Rosalie." I says innocently, getting down so I am face to tit and then I give her tit another lick before strutting to the bed swaying my hips. I crawl onto the bed arching my back giving her a nice view of my ass that she loves so much. I turn around and spread my legs wide winking at her then I motion her forward, Rosalie walks over to me her erection is prominent. Her cock is gigantic at least a foot long and two inches thick, it is definitely a monster cock. I wanted it inside of me now, stretching and filling my tight hot pussy. "It's going to be a tight fit, your pussy is so tight." Rosalie says she lines up her dicks thick tip into my swollen tight pussy. She pushes and the stretch hurts a little but the pleasure is worth it I moan and look down she is only half way in. Damn she is big. Then she pushes again and all of her is in me and it feels so fucking good, Rosalie is moaning along with me. Then she hooks her arms under my legs and then slams into my pussy over and over again pounding inside of me, I have never felt this much pleasure nor I have I ever felt this full. "So fucking tight." Rosalie moans and throws her head back in pleasure as she pounds into my pussy over and over again. Rosalie wraps her arms around my waist. I then wrap my arms around my her neck and press my chest and my whole body against into her warm toned body. Rosalie and I moan together from the contact. Rosalie carries me off the bed and into a stand imposition, she grabs my ass and picks me up and bounces me up and down on her monster cock getting an amazing angle. Rosalie's thick cock feels so good inside of me, "I'm almost there, oh my god you feel so fucking good." Rosalie moans and start pounding into me faster and deeper than before. I scream in pleasure while I come, "Miss Rosalie!" Then Rosalie cums right after me her stream is so long and the warm liquid explodes inside of me. Her liquid seeps out and gets all over where we connect, "Bella ahh!" She screams while she finishes cumming inside of me. Rosalie pulls out of me and I immediately miss her cock inside of me and fill empty. I stand up on wobbly legs trying to get my balance on my legs, I look at her cock it immediately gets hard from my gaze damn he is already ready for another round. Rosalie walks over to the bed and I follow watching her ass, I lay down first then