Title: New Home Author: DangerisDanger Chapter 1: Bad Luck Rated: M Main Character: Bella Warning: Intense situations, mature settings, and futas This writing piece is not suitable for children of young ages. Bella POV Today was a long day, I had to tell this kid that she failed the test and would have to do tuns of extra credit or she would repeat her senior year. I hear a knock on my door, "come in I am just about to leave." I call behind me as I clean up the chalk board. I turn around and a beautiful women with slutty clothing on is right in front or me. She has long blonde hair, very tall in her black stilettos towering over me, she has perfect big globe shaped tits with a low v neck shirt showing of the tops of her globes, and is a very thin but curvy body. That tells you don't fuck with me she is a very intimidating. "Are you miss Swan?" She asks I nod she takes a step forward and I take a step back, my back against the chalkboard. I move past her but she grabs my hands and shoves me face fist into the chalk board, my face pushed to the side. "You are going to bump Lauren's grade up to an A got it bitch?" She says in my ear then spits on my face. "No I won't bump her grade she doesn't deserve it, get off of me." I say then put she doesn't move, her hands move from my wrists down my sides sliding towards my tits. She rips open my blouse pressing my naked torso against the chalkboard, she rips the rest off roughly. Leaving me in my black lace bra. She un hooks my bra and throws it across the room. "Then I am going to have to force you." She hisses in my ear before roughly biting and tugging on my ear lobe. Then she presses my naked chest against the rough cold chalkboard her hands grab my tits and roughly massage them she presses her erection into my ass. Wait what she was an erection? "Do you feel that? It's my giant monster cock pressing against your ass." She growls and roughly grabs my hips bends my torso forward against the chalk board and grinds her erection into my ass. "My cock wants your pussy but I will stop if you say you'll bump up my daughters grade up to an A." I will not be pressured into bumping that child's grade up when she deserves an F. "No, get off me." I scream and wiggle, she moans and grinds faster and rougher in between my ass cheeks. Then she stops flips me around so my back is pressed against the chalk board. Her sweater is ripped up, she throws it over her head and she has no bra on under neath. She pulls down her pants and her huge dick is huge and erect looking like its about to explode. I run out of the classroom down the hall to the girls bathroom I hear her running after me and I open a stall door and lock it. I hear silence I close my eyes and lean against the door I open my eyes when I hear shuffling then she is right in front of me smiling. She reaches behind me and then grabs my ponytail wrapping it around her fist pulling my head down next to her huge balls. She uses her other hand to grab her dick and hit me with it, it hurts because her dick is so hard. "My dick really likes you and wants your mouth around it but there is one thing to get me to stop. I'll give you one last chance before I fuck every hole you have. I shake my head and she pulls me up using my hair I cry out in pain and she smiles at me then bends her head down sucks on my nipple while pinching the other one. I scream and she lets go pulls my head down face to face with her erect dick that is about to blow. She pushes my lips against the cum covered tip with so much force that my mouth opens and her gigantic cock stretches my mouth. She moans loudly and moves my head back and forth moaning and groaning, " I knew you were a good cock suck yes just like that. She pulls my head back and forth giving me barely enough room to breath, she pulls back fucking my face. And then she moves really fast and then her hips start to buckle and she explodes cum in my mouth but there is so much it starts pouring out the sides of my mouth. The force of the cum shooting is pushing my head off her dick but she pushes it back until the cock is fully in my mouth down my throat, still shooting out cum. "Oh my god your mouth feels amazing," She moans. The cum finally stop shooting out and I start waving my hands around slapping against her but she grabs my hands and pulls them back behind her so her cock gets deeper at this angle down my throat. I try moving my head back but can't she is too strong she drives her hips back and forth fucking my face as her balls slap me in the face. She moans over and over again pulling my arms so far back that I am afraid they are going to pop out the sockets. "I love your mouth and throat they were made for my cock, you little slut." She growls moving my head, then she speed up fucking my face over and over again her balls slapping me hurting me. Her hips start to buckle and she drops my hands and lets go of my hair I fall to the ground gasping for air panting as cum is all over my face and mouth. The lady grabs the back of my head pulls me in front of her cock and her huge monster cock explodes cum all over my face. Getting in my eyes, mouth, hair, neck dripping on to my stomach as she throws her head back in bliss as she cums all over me. "I wanna fill up that pussy now, come here my bitch." She says when she stops coming all over me. I stand up and she walks over to me in the small stall trapping me against the stall door she puts her hands on my hips then snakes them around to the back and grabs my ass. She starts massaging my cheeks while moaning against my neck then she slowly unzips my skirt and rips off my panties. I wince as she grab my bare bottom and pulls me against her. She sits on the toilet leaning against the wall and I am straddling her waist struggling but she wraps her arms around my waist keeping me here, my tits are in her face and she likes it. Her erection is up and in between my ass cheeks, she rubs her dick in between them moaning. "Which hole should I do first your pussy or that tight little asshole?" She whispers in my ear. "Neither, let me go." I beg and she laughs at me, nher hands grab my ass and she squeezes my cheeks moving me closer to her and she rubs her head in between my tits hitting them with her head. Then I feel a dick tip poking in me in the ass and I know it's not the lady raping me I turn my head back and a white dick is coming from a glory hole and it's big. "Looks like someone wants to join us, come in whoever that is." The lady says and I panic and I try to move but the more in move the move her dick moves in between my cheeks. The stall door opens, I hear the lock lock and I look behind me and it's another women that I have never seen before. "That's my partner she and I came here to get the grade changed, she's late." She has long wavy black hair in a high ponytail, she has popping emerald green eyes, tall like five ten, she is very curvy, huge perfect globes, and a huge erect dick ready to go. "Sorry I am late and missed some of the party. Yum your ass hole looks so tight and I am going to stretch it out for you." The brunette says grabs my but roughly massaging it. The blonde reaches behind and pushes her huge tip in my pussy and moans as I scream. She is so big as she slams into me moving, so I am being forced to ride her. Then the brunette grabs my hips and bending me over some and presses her dick tip in to my ass hole and I scream again. The stretch is so painful and then she slams in and they both fuck my holes roughly. "Your pussy is so good Miss Swan and love this ass it can take so much cock just like that mouth I wonder if two cock can fit in that mouth?" She asks and then spits on my tits, my eyes widen two cocks in my mouth I could barely take one but two. "Babe lets speed up I wanna try that ass next." The blonde one says and they both speed up their pounding. The brunette tightens her grip on my hips and I scream in pain as her ball start slapping me as she pounds deeper, harder, and faster into my tight ass hole. They both moan as their hips start buckling into me as they explode their cum into my holes as they moaning in bliss. There is so much cum it over flows out of my ass and pussy making a huge mess of cum. So gross. "I want the sluts mouth of me now,"the brunette growls in my ear then wraps my hair around her fist roughly and pulling my head over to her shoulder. She kisses my neck leaving a red lipstick mark on my neck next to the ones the blonde made. "My name is Carmen and that's Irina and we love to fuck," the brunette whispers says with a rough voice then cups my tit roughly. "Get on you knees bitch right in front of me," Carmen commands and I get on my knees slowly her grip on my hair still painfully tight. Irina gets of the toilet and leans against the door. Carmen sits down on the toilet and opens her leg her erection pointing straight at me with pre cum leaking out the tip my mouth right in front of the tip. "Lick the cum off bitch." She commands. I don't move, Irina grabs my hips and yanks them up forcing me onto all fours. Irina slaps my ass cheeks and roughly massages then grinds her erection into my ass while moaning in bliss. Carmen slaps me and it really hurts, "do it or she will stretch that asshole like I did." I don't move to lick her dick and Irina presses her huge tip into my ass hole, the stretch hurts a lot. If I scream she will slam her cock in my mouth and I don't want that to happen. Irina grabs my hips tightly then slams her entire dick into my tight ass hole as I scream. Carmen slams her dick into my mouth all the way in. My top lip is touching her pubic hair and my bottom lip is on her balls. Irina moans and Carmen smiles at me as tears rolls down my face Breathing is hard to do because her dick is down my throat, "do you like that you little slut my big