**Bella's POV** I laid in bed wondering to myself when Edward was going to get home. Edward. My wonderful, tall, dark and handsome husband. We have been married for eighty years in our immortal lives and life couldn't be better. Nessie has grown up into a beautiful women and now was married to Jacob for the past sixty years. This was about our eighth moving and now we are back in the small town of Forks again, where it all had started. Where I was a clumsy human who fell in love with a vampire and a few years later gave birth to my loving daughter, who has now blessed me with grandchildren. Being back brings up some very sad memories. Charlie past away thirty years ago. It was a natural death but it was still sad to have to say goodbye. Edward decided to get a job at the hospital this time, saying high school was getting boring. Even in the small town of Forks the hospital is very lively. I sighed and looked around the room. We decided to live in our cozy cabin to have a little time as husband and wife again. The long hours of him not being here just makes me want him more. Don't get me wrong, we make love very often, even more so that Edward can't help but make everything he does the sexiest thing on earth. Sighing, I got up and walked over to my bookshelf and picked up one of the many books we have collected through the years. I didn't really care for the book I picked. I grabbed it and wondered my way back into mine and Edward's room.I put the book down and changed into something more comfortable. Grabbing one of Edward's shirts, I stripped off my shirt and pants. I rapped the shirt around me and buttoned up a few of the buttons, leaving the first three undone. The book was off the end of the bed and into my hands as I walked to the top of the bed and crawled in. The thin covers laid lightly over my legs. Opening the book, after reading slowly and flipping through the pages, I realized it was a romantic novel. _I could feel his hands all over me even when he was nowhere near me. Every soft touch he laid across my skin is like a drug that I can not get enough of. He was everything I wanted and I would give anything to have him forever. I closed my eyes as his soft lips left trails up and down my bare body as I laid on the bed beneath him. My body begging for him to take me, make love to me, make me his. His mouth was making trails up my legs and getting closer to my needing sex. I couldn't help but bite my lip as I thought about how much I needed him. The weeks of touching only making me needier. Soon, his mouth was right on top of my sex. I couldn't help the moan that left my mouth. His tongue made wet trails up and down the lips of my sex and I begged him to do something. I could feel his hot breath as he let out a husky laugh before he spread the lips of my sex. His tongue moved back and forth across me before it took home at moving back and for on my clit. My back arched into his mouth as it worked my body. Only he could have this effect on my body. I could feel myself getting closer and wanted him indie me, filling me._ _He must have read my mind because only seconds later his fingers slide inside me. The covers bunched up into my hands as I grabbed them as the pleasure passed through my body. I mumbled how much I love him to many times to count. I screamed in pleasure as his long fingers moved inside of me and rubbed all the right places. My body shook as I fell over the edge and was gasping for breath. His fingers still moved in and out of me as the orgasm shook my body. I could feel my insides pulsing. I was able to catch my breath moments later as he slowly made his way up my body. I moved my fingers into his hair and pulled his face to fine, locking us into a very hungry kiss. We both moaned and I could taste myself on him. While he was distracted, I rolled us over and crawled on top of him. I took his length into my hand and slowly moved it. The grown that left his mouth made me even more wet. As my hand moved over him, I slowly moved down his body and stuck out my tongue. I bent my head down and slowly moved my tongue on his tip._ _His fingers slipped into my hair and I could feel his shaft stiffen slightly. Moving my head down, I sucked on the base of his shaft before trailing my tongue up his length. I took some of him into my mouth and slowly moved up and down. The sounds that left his mouth filled the room. They edged me on so much. I tended to him for a few more minutes before I moved back up his body and kissed his mouth. I moved my hand down to grab his length to hold it in place. My sex was just a few inched from his tip. As I looked up, our eyes met and I lowered myself to him. His tip pushed trough my vaginal lips. Having him so close made me so needy. I rocked my hips and his tip moved band and forth in my wetness. When his tip met my opening I pushed down. His tip slipped In so easily from the wetness. We moaned together as our bodied became one. My hands rested on his chest as I moved myself into I sitting up position. His hands took to my sides. Oh, how my body just fit so perfectly to his. I bit my lip as I slowly started moving back and forth on him. I moaned. I loved the feeling of him inside me. He made me feel whole. I continued rocking on him before I started moving myself up and down his shaft. His hips bucked into me as I moved down on him. His shaft was buried in me each time our thrusts met. I wanted all of him._ _" Will... Please... I want you.. I want you..."_ _" What do you want, Jess? Tell me baby." He asked, his voice husky. Turning me on more. If that was even possible._ _"I want you too finish in me. I want.. all.. all of you." I breathed._ _"Anything."_ _His one hand made its way to my clit and his finger slowly rubbed circles on it. I stopped moving up and down, moving back and forth on him again. I wanted him fully inside me as I release all over him. Our noises became louder as we began to reach our peaks. I rocked faster on his shaft. I could feel the tightening in my stomach and then my body gave out seconds later. My body shook with so much pleasure. Still in my orgasm, Will flipped us over and began thrusting. He only moved a few times before I fell onto him and his warm semen flowed inside me. Just the warmth of it sent my body into another for of pleasure. Our breathing was labored and we looked into each others eyes. He bent down and caught my lips in a loving kiss before he slowly pulled out of me. I was upset by the loss. We rolled so we were laying side by side, rapped in each others arms._ I couldn't help the pooling between my legs as I read this scene. It made wish Edward was here even more. Looking over at the clock, It was eight o'clock. He wouldn't be back for an hour or so. I moved into another position and my thighs rubbed together. I was able to ignore if for a few minutes before I could no longer take it. Putting the book on the side table, I laid myself back and slowly moved my hand down my body. When my hand made contact with my clit under my underwear, I couldn't help the pleasuring sigh that left my mouth. I was soaked. My fingers moved in slow circles over my clit. Small shocks of pleasure moved through my body. My body was begging to be pleased. My fingers moved faster on my clit and my hips began to buck slightly. I could feel my walls tightening. My body begged for something to be inside me as I found my pleasure. I stopped moving my fingers on my clit and slowly rubbed one of my finger tips up and down my slit. With just a slight push, my finger slipped passed the lips of my sex. It slipped inside easily and I couldn't be more thankful for photographic memory as I thought of it being Edward inside me. Short pants lefts my mouth as I added another finger, needing more. I moaned Edwards name. I wanted him inside me so badly. While I was in my please I never heard the cabin door open, let alone the door to our bedroom. I heard a purr fill the room. When the sound hit my ears, my eyes flashed open. My eyes looked with the piercing gold eyes of my husband. I could see his eyes filled with lust. Stopping the movement of my hand, I watched the animalistic characteristic took over my husbands body. He was still wearing his white coat from the hospital. Wearing a button up shirt and back pants. I did not know how to feel at this moment as he watched him eyeing my body as I was just touching myself. When I looked down I realized he could see everything do to the fact at some point during my self pleasuring the blankets have fallen off of me. The floor board creaked slightly as he slowly walked over to the edge of the bed "Oh. Please continue. Don't let me interrupt." He told me, as he smirked. I could not move. "Bella. Please. Continue." " I don't need to. Your home." I replied. I watched as he took off his coat, then his shirts, and last his pants. I could feel so much more pooling between my legs as I took in the sight of his body. "I want to see you make yourself cum." Just his works alone could have made me cum as soon as they left his mouth. My eyes locked with his as my hand went back down my body and I slowly slipped my fingers back kept eye contact as I began to move my fingers in and out of my sex. His eyes traveled down my body and watched as I moved my fingers in and out underneath my underwear. A whole new feeling went through my body as I knew that Edward was only inches away from me, watching me pleasure myself. I watched as his eyes took me in and his hand moving slowly to the elastic of his boxers. His hand slipped passed the elastic and into his boxers. I watched his movement very carefully. The movements his hand made inside the fabric turned me on so much. My fingers moved faster as the friction built up the warming feeling inside my stomach. I could not keep my eyes off the moment of his hand, making me even hotter. "Uh.. Edward." I moved my fingers from myself and brought them to my clit again. I rubbed it faster and faster. The scream of pleasure left my mouth as the