Hi everyone this is a RP me and some of my friends did a few years ago. we started talking about doing a Halloween rp and this is what came out of it. its not really twilight its its own story its completely mine no characters from any book or movie. i'm sorry if your pissed with me and sorry i posted this in the twilight fanficiton but i couldn't find a place to put stories that weren't related to and books or movies or shows...Ect ect. I hope you enjoy this though please if you know were i am sapossed to post this story that's the wright "forum" PLEASE LET ME KNOW! :) id be more thin willing to fix it. Please send me a review if you have and comments. thank you My Fellow Monster By Rosaryvampier The werewolf, called Dante Kakis carefully and swiftly trudged around the luminous street. He was hopeful he would find others of his kind: werewolf or not. As he sniffed the cold autumn air the wind caressed his face. He was lonely and was getting overwhelmed with all the jack O' lantern's faces staring and laughing at him. By day he was a well-known business man, but by night he was a fearsome beast. He howled into the sky, seeing if anyone would respond. "Hello? Is anyone else out there?" he asked in his lovely British accent. Quinn Sat at her ritual table chanting to her self in a soft hushed voice she would add little bits of ingredients here and there. "Nine woods in thy cauldron go, burn fast burn them slow. Brich in the fire gose, represent what the Lady knows. Oak gives the forest towers might, The fire brings the God's insight Rowen is the tree of power, Causing life and magice to flower." as she was chanting she heard a yowling one that she new very well just had not heard in many many of year. frowning she outed the ritual candles. walked down the spiraling stairs to the the closet and downed her cloak. walking strait in through conservatory that led to the back street. she wondered around in search of the creater that made the sad sound. Red, glowing, mirthless eyes welcome the arriving visitor. Dante goes onto his four limbs and leans forward smelling the stranger. "Who and what are you?" he asks meekly, "I have never seen, nor smelt anything like you in this this city before." He slowly walks forward carefully, as he did not know what to expect. The autumn leaves cracking from beneath his paws. "Are you a friend or foe, ma'am?" THIS IS SO GRAND I HAVE NOT SEEN ONE ON HE'S KIND IN SO LONG. Quinn thought to her self. A slit pulling to the side of her mouth the only hit to the excitement she was feeling. "Please do not fear me. I am a friend to all creatures u can trust me. my name is Quinn Addison i am a wicka and a healer." holding out her hand to shake the lycanes, looking up to his eyes then down to her hand. she smiled. Is there more of your kind sir? do you have a pack? do u need any help in finding them? only doing this because she was born to be a helper and or heel the needed no mater who or what they are. IF HE IS THE ONLY...she thought a sad frown pulling her lips tight. OH THE PORE LYCANE Im sure he is very lonely. In the fare off distence a girl peered up at the full moon. Then shaking her head violently to jolt herself more awake. was that a call she had heard? she didnt know if it was real or she was becoming delusional she continued to sit on the cold park bench, grasping at her ankle wondering if she should reply to the call, real or not. instinct told her to be cautious and patient. "No, I'm afraid I am the only one of my kind, at least in this city of London," he sighed. "I'm glad I have found a friend in someone," Happiness grew in his eyes. He walked closer wagging his tail and licked Quinn's cheek with his wet, warm tongue. "What are you doing on such a dark night?" He asks with his ears standing straight up. He believes he hears something in the distance and turns his head, changing the subject. "Hello? Is anyone there?" He asks in his lovely British accent. He points his nose towards the sky and howls into the luminous autumn moon. Quinn sighed. She new he wasn't going to say much else. Werewolf's tended to have short attention spans. "ok well sense your ok ill just head off then" She sighed and waved. Quinn left the wolf there in the ally watching him looking off in the distence. she was not going to bug him. Feeling the AUTUMN colored trees around her. Smelling the dampness, the cold wind, the creatures prowling the night, it made Quinn wanted to cackle like a hook nose witch. she loved this time of year. It was at this time that her powers were at there peak. looking up at the harvest moon she grinned, the feeling of her craft growing bye the second. "i think Ill pay a little look-see to the coven later". she spoke softly to her self. Her warm breath puffing out as she spoke The wind shifted through the branches of the tree above her. The mighty oak seemed to moan, but stood its ground. A leaf fell onto the bench beside her, she examined momentarily the bright colors marred only slightly by the night shadows and then it was gone, taken by the wind to be dragged across the ground with all the others. Certainly a second call could not be coming from her imagination. She moves to respond but the pain in her ankle shoots up her leg with such intensity she can only gasp for air and bite down hard on her tongue. Blood gushes about the inside of her mouth. Dante slowly makes his way from the ally to the giant oak tree standing clearly in the city park. He follows his nose as if it is literally is dragging him forward. This new scent is much more different than the wicken's. It is but another scent he hasn't smelt in his life, and it pulls and tugs on him. "Who and what are you?" He yells half way to the giant oak tree. He pants violently as he asks a second time, "Who are you?" startled she snaps her head up seeing only a dark shadowy figure across the way. She hears a voice and tries with all her might to focus. Nemo looked on half horrified half curious at the transformation that had just taken place before her very eyes. A thousand questions raced through her mind. How could such a thing be possible was it a voluntarily change or caused by the dawn of daylight (she suspected the latter) how could such a contrast between beast and man be contained within a single being. Would his eyes still be red when he opened them. All at once she was filled with pity and envy. Pity for the way his face had contorted, he must have been in sever pain throughout the transformation and envy as she noted how his present figure meant he was free to walk about in daylight hours...with them. Suddenly reality slammed her hard "Dante!" she screamed bracing her ankle with one hand she pushed against the back of the bench causing herself to fall onto the ground beside him. She winced at the pain. Then crawled across the ground till she was right near his head reaching out with both hands she grabbed his shoulders and shook him gently. "Oh my goodness, are you okay?". He screams. He forces himself forward to catch the woman slowly losing consequences using his own body to block her fall. He then gently bites a hold of her clothes a lifts her back onto the bench. "Hello?". He gently calls. "Are you alive?" his face without joy. He then perks his ears as if worried and upset. Her hand move slowly to her head in a desperate attempt to cover the fury ears atop her head. She swallowed the blood pooling in her mouth seeking to glance into her rescuers eyes she realized several things at once the arms about her were crafted of powerful muscles. The voice was definitely male and in her present condition she was completely at his mercy. As her eyes met his she realized lastly that he was not human. Allowing gravity to control her hands they slid back down to her side. Her ears flattened slightly at the warmth of his breath and her tail twitched. She swallowed again. "W...who ...are ...you?" she stammered. Wondering to herself if he had been the one earlier calling to the moon perhaps he to was following the sound of the chanting that rang out in the night sky what seemed like forever ago. "Oh how rude of me, I haven't introduced myself. They call me Dante, he says gently, "Dante Kakis..." "If I may, what is your name?" he whispers into her ear, "What are you?" He crouches on the cold hard sidewalk, weeds peeking out from the cracks. "I've never seen one of your kind before." He tilts his head slightly. His hot breathe becomes visible in the cold damp air and it moves forward and caresses the stranger's face. His breathe smelt of corpses, because he was hunting earlier that night. His tail swayed back and forth gently blowing away the autumn leaves. The tension in her shoulders relaxed, she could tell he meant no harm. "Dante..." she whispered trying out the sound of his name. Her gaze dropped down to the ground. "I...I...I, dont know". Her memory flashed back to that of her mother standing in her night gown tears upon her face placing the pot of soup back on the stove bending down to pick up her up and softly speaking into her left ear. "I want only to protect you". Then hugging her gently and placing her back on the floor. It was the only answer she ever got when asking about her father. She blinked slowly and when her eyes opened she was back on the park bench with Dante. Wincing at the pain unsure if it was from her past or her sore ankle a tear slid down her cheek. She looked back up at Dante. "If you don't know, what shall I call you?" Dante asks meekly. "I have never seen your kind before in my whole entire life course," he exclaimed. Before he knew it, it was twilight. The great beams of light began to strike at him. He screamed in pain and agony. The light started constricting parts of his limbs. Before long the light had devoured his whole entire body until he was as white as snow. He began to become luminous and his figure started shifting into another. He started to change from a terrible beast into a handsome young man. He screamed again, because transformation is very arduous and puts a lot of stress on ones body. He felt like his body was eating away at his bones and muscles for nutrients. His whole body was trembling. He looked at the stranger with a dazed and intoxicated stare then his eyes started to roll. He started losing consciousness and fell backwards onto the cold, hard sidewalk with nothing but the red and golden leaves to break his fall. He then slowly closed his eyes getting one last glimpse of the mysterious stranger perched on the bench. Blood ran from his nose trying to escape the pressure of his tense muscles. The red stream ran from