ESCAPE THE DARKNESS By JULES Authors Quick Note – This story explores the idea about what might have happened if Strider had come to the Shire to forewarn Bilbo Baggins about the Ring Wraiths that would soon come hunting for the One Ring. Commences a few days before Bilbo's Birthday party and before Gandalf returns to the shire as well. Strider had vows to protect Bilbo when the Ring Wraiths are sent by the Dark Lord but he is unaware that the legacy of who is to carry the Ring to be destroyed falls upon a totally different Baggins hobbit. In this story the corn fields in the shire are a little further away and I have added a lot extra between then and when the hobbit's arrive at the Prancing Pony in Bree. Hoping to add a few funny, light hearted moments in this one in between the serious stuff. Got an hysterical idea for Strider, Merry and Pippin in the corn fields much later. All mention of herbs or treatments used in this story or others come about from a little research I did into some and what their effects were. Some of them have been around since Egyptian times so I have no problem using in this time frame but still am not sure if they would have been grown near Rivendell. Just have to suspend reality for a time and humour me on this one. Disclaimer - I do not own any of the characters I write about. I write about those created by J.J.R. Tolkien and marvel at such a storytellers ability to enthral us all. There are occasional quotes from the movie in this story, just to keep the continuity going strong and to add just at the appropriate time. the story begins: The Ranger paused on top of the ridge he had just climbed. Down below he was to discover a very curious series of buildings and roadways. So this was the place known as the SHIRE Strider said to himself. He had often heard stories and legends about the hobbits that were supposed to live in this small community. Curiosity was tugging at the edges of his long coat and urged him to go down and take a closer look around. The Ranger drew his long, thick cloak around his shoulders more tightly as cold night air blew against his neck. He tucked one arm into the warm folds as he walked, but his other hand remanded within reaching distance of his sword. He had no knowledge of what danger may already be lurking within the small village. He had learned a very long time ago to keep his guard up against those who served the Dark Lord Sauron. Strider reminded himself also that the hour was particularly late and nobody would appreciate an unexpected visitor. But the news that he carried could ill afford to wait no longer and he needed to talk to Bilbo Baggins without delay. Once the Ranger had managed to make his way into the Shire village without being detected, the next problem he faced was finding the dwelling house of Bilbo Baggins. Although he knew the aging hobbit lived here, Strider had no clues as to which house it might be. Strider decided he would use what limited information he had come to learn about Bilbo and deduce from there which dwelling might indeed suit that particular hobbit. Because of the late hour, most hobbits were safely tucked in their beds asleep. The Ranger's footsteps along the well-laden roads of the Shire were soft enough not to disturb anybody in the houses that he had already passed. After what seemed like only a brief walk, Ranger now noticed that the roadway he was travelling on began to have a steep incline. He proceeded to walk up this hill as none of the dwellings he had seen so far seemed to fit Bilbo Baggins. Once he was at the top, he noticed a slightly larger hobbit dwelling, nestled off the roadway a little. From where he was standing, the Ranger noted that the occupant of this dwelling would be able to see out over the rest of the Shire but be far enough removed from the noise and chaos to enjoy a peaceful, uninterrupted existence. As Strider made his way closer to the hobbit dwelling, he noted that the house wasn't just a little larger than those he had already surveyed further down in the valley. This house was larger than any other hobbit abode he had come to know of. Standing in front of the gateway that led to this house, Strider could see two signs that indicated that this was indeed Bilbo Baggin's home. The first was a large bold sign on the front wall of the house that read BAG END. The second was a much smaller sign, hand written and attached to the gate itself as the Ranger went to step inside the yard. It read: NO VISITORS, from what Strider knew of Bilbo, the elderly hobbit was particularly fond of his own company and often shunned the rest of the world to be left alone with his books and journals. Strider approached the front door to the house and knocked twice as loud as he dared. He didn't know if Bilbo would be asleep or as his desk writing well into the morning hours and he often was known to do. inside the house: Bilbo had actually retired to his bed only about an hour before he heard what sounded like someone knocking at the front door. At first he was minded to just roll over and go back to sleep. After a few more poundings on the door, it became quite clear that whoever the late hour visitor was, they were not going to simply go away if he ignored them. Concern for someone other than himself quickly entered his mind as he thought about his young nephew Frodo who was asleep in his bedroom down the hall. Bilbo whispered to himself as he quickly gathered his robe and vowed to stop the incessant knocking at the door before Frodo was awoken. "I am coming, I am coming," Bilbo said in as loud a voice as he dared. He looked briefly in the direction of Frodo's room, but noted it still to be dark. No noises could be heard from where he stood and so thankfully he could assume that the younger hobbit had slept through undisturbed. "What the hell is it at this hour?" Bilbo said in an angry voice as he undid the locks and opened the door a small crack. He almost stumbled backward in his surprise at the face that greeted him. "I must say you are a cranky little hobbit aren't you when you are so rudely awoken," Strider said with a grin. Bilbo composed himself only just enough to realise what sort of rumours would be spread around the village if a big person was spotted in the Shire in the middle of the night. "Quickly come in before someone sees you," Bilbo gestured to the Ranger. Strider did as the hobbit bid and walked inside the house, carefully noting to duck his head as he entered. Bilbo took the liberty of looking outside in the dark, trying to spot if anybody had seen the Ranger arrive or heard the knocking at the door. He sighed in relief when he couldn't hear anything but the cold wind outside. "This way please," Bilbo now said, leading Strider out of the front room and into the kitchen. "You would be wanting something hot to drink I imagine," he commented, and went about putting a pot of water on to boil before the Ranger had even had a chance to reply. "I must apologize deeply for the late hour of my calling Bilbo," Strider said as he gazed around at the home. From outside, nobody would ever dream of what sights and aromas would be waiting on the inside. The kitchen was richly scented with many herbs from earthen ware jars that were resting upon a shelf near the fireplace. The rooms were quite larger that Strider had expected too. Though small for a big person in many ways, he had no doubt that the same space could be seen as comfortable and open to a hobbit of Bilbo's size. "Please take a seat Aragorn," Bilbo stated. He was facing the wrong way to see the look on the Ranger's face when he uttered the man's other name out loud. Strider did not correct the old hobbit on this occasion. He would have to speak to Bilbo about not using that name around these parts. "You must be weary after your journey," Bilbo now said, trying to ease the obvious tension that saturated the room. "I would offer you the spare room in my humble home for as long as you intend staying," he added. "Thank you, and I will take up your offer, for tonight anyway," Strider replied in gratitude. He knew that they must soon be leaving this place. Although there was no set time about when the dark forces might descend. The Ranger knew that it wouldn't be too far into the near future that the hobbit would be farewelling the Shire. Bilbo now turned around from the fireplace and handed the Ranger a cup of piping hot tea. Deep down inside he knew that Strider would not have ventured upon chance into his village on such a night. He knew that there was a yearning for him to seek the solitude of other places for the remainder of his days. If Strider was here than the secret he had kept in the pocket of his coat for the past 60 years was about to be revealed once again. Bilbo fumbled a little with his cup and saucer, finding it hard to conceal the nervousness that was multiplying by the minute. "Let us move into the living room where we will be more comfortable." Strider gave no indication to the hobbit that he sensed all was not well with Bilbo. The Ranger suspected that he knew the true reason for his presence tonight but refrained from speaking about such matters for the time being. "Sit here Ranger," Bilbo said as he straightened the cushions on the large chair. He didn't usually have furniture that would hold a big person's weight. He hoped it would be sufficient for the time being anyhow. Although Strider did notice that the chair was a little cramping on his sides, he didn't voice any complaint. He had been travelling for many days on barely enough food and water rations to keep anybody going. Any respite was welcome with open arms. He could scarcely remember what it would feel like later on tonight to sleep in a bed. The ground amongst the trees had been his pillow for the past three nights in a row. Bilbo Baggins now took up in his own favourite comfortable chair, pulling it close so as to keep their voices subdued and low during conversations. At first, there was no conversation between the two at all. The fire crackled and burned, giving light and warmth, but the room felt incredibly oppressive and dark at the moment to Bilbo as he played with the ring in his pocket. Strider finally broke the uneasy silence by speaking to the hobbit about the current and past events in Rivendell. He knew that the old fool would relax slightly upon hearing the tales of the place he longed to visit. They spoke of Elrond and the elves that were living there and things that had happened since Bilbo's last visit. But that visit was so very long ago and Bilbo's soul felt very tormented and heavy for fear of not seeing such a wonderful place again. All the time they spoke, they were unaware of a few small steps that