Chapter 1 BELLAS POV Running down the stairs as fast as could. I came over to surprise Edward and I was the one who got surprised. Noises were coming from upstairs when I came in. My heart sank lower with each step I took. Before I ever reached his bedroom door I already knew the truth. But it wasn't enough for me. I had to see it with my own eyes. Just two weeks before we were supposed to be married I found Edward naked on top of Rosalie in his bed. They were so lost in passion it actually took them a minute to realize I was standing in the doorway watching them. Witnessing them fucking each other and his betrayal. "Bella wait. I can explain. It's not what you think." Could Edward really believe I was so naïve and stupid I didn't know he was having sex with her? He might not have ever touched me like the same way, but I know fucking when I see it. There wasn't a need for an explanation as far as I was concerned. He was guarding the door so I couldn't get out. "Move." "Not until you hear what I have to say." "Fine. Say it so I can leave." "Rosalie and I became close the last few months. Since she started being better with you, we talk a lot. One thing lead to another. I never meant for it to happen. I'm so sorry Bella. I love you. Please forgive me?" "No. Now move." As if it wasn't enough for Edward to try to stop me from leaving, Rosalie was now. "It's true Bella. Edward loves you so much. He never wanted to hurt you." "Then why did he? And you. How could you do this to Emmett?" "You have to understand. Emmett and I have been together for a long time. This wasn't about making love. This was about feeling wanted and the excitement in something new." "I don't understand. Emmett is your husband and how you could hurt him?" "Do you really think once you're married you will never find someone else sexual attractive or be excited when they find you sexy?" "Yeah. It is exactly what I think. You get married and it is supposed to be for life. You don't marry someone then decide you want to fuck someone else. It doesn't work that way. Let's see what Emmett thinks about it?" "Bella you can't tell Emmett. You will hurt him. This isn't a love affair between Edward and I. It was just a onetime thing. Despite what you may think, I love my husband." "Yeah I saw how you love your husband while you were fucking my so-called fiancée. I have heard enough move so I can get the hell out of here." Rosalie wasn't going to budge until I said I wouldn't tell Emmett. She was going to be waiting at the door for a very long time. It was Edward who made her move. "Let her go Rosalie. I love you Bella." Pushing my old truck to go as fast as it would go. I had nowhere to go or no one to run to. I had alienated everyone from my life except Edward. Jacob wouldn't care now even if I told him. It wouldn't be like anyone else on the reservation would welcome me with open arms either. I choose the Cullens over them. The only others I knew in this town was Mike, Angela, Tyler and Jessica. I had done the same with them. The first time Edward left me. Now they kept their distance from me at school and when they see me out anywhere. The only people I associated with at any given time was Edward, his family and Charlie. Charlie was working tonight and wouldn't be home for hours. The rest of the Cullen went for an overnight hunt. It was Emmett I was worried about. As I drove around the rain started to fall. The wiper blades were wiping the drops away from the windshield. I couldn't find anything to stop the drops of tears running down my face. Fumbling around in my purse I found my cell. Going down the contact list until I found his name. I push the call button. "Hey Bella." "Bella are you there?" When I heard his happy go lucky voice on the other end I couldn't do it. I couldn't break his heart. One of us feeling this way was enough. "Hey Emmett. I was just calling to see how the hunt was going?" "It's okay. Jasper bet me I couldn't take down three deer in heard at the same time. Well you know I won the bet." "Great. Well my battery is about to die so I'll talk to you when you get back." "Is everything okay?" "Yeah it's great. Bye." Hanging up my cell as quick as I could. The bitch was going to win and Emmett would never know. As torn as I was about telling him; I didn't want to hurt him. He had done nothing wrong except picked an unfaithful bitch to love which, didn't love him back in the right way. The rain picked up and so did the wind. It was so bad I was about to pull over because I couldn't see. When fate stuck it in my ass again tonight. I had a flat tire. Opening the glove box up I found a flash light with a package of extra batteries, just in case. Charlie was always good about making sure I had emergency backup. Putting my jacket over my head. It didn't help any. The rain was soaking me to the bone. I didn't know how to change a tire. I was fucked and needed someone to help. So I threw the wet jacket back in the truck on the floor when I got back in. I tried Charlie's cell and it only beeped. "I have no reception. What else could go wrong?" Headlights were coming from behind me. A guy got out and came to my window. "Are you having car trouble?" "I have a flat and I don't know how to change it." "I will do it for you." He was an older gentlemen. For some reason I thought I had seen him before. But it never came to me where it was from. "Your spare is flat also. I can take you into town and get a tire." "Um... I don't have any cash on me. Please don't take this the wrong way but, I don't really know you." "How about I will go into town and you wait here okay?" "I can't let you pay for my tire. It wouldn't be right." "I can't just leave you here either. How right would it be to leave you sitting on the side of the road? Lock your doors and I will be back soon." He took off and I only hoped he was going to come back. Oh well. I guess the worse thing would be he took my spare and I never saw him again. I would wait until the rain let up and walk if I had to. Or maybe someone else would come along and rescue me. It was about an hour before I saw headlights again. A long hour of torturing myself with why wasn't I enough for Edward? Why couldn't I be prettier like Rosalie? The biggest one was why was I so stupid to believe him when we got back from Italy? "Do you have a light?" "Yeah. I'll hold it for you." It was down to a sprinkle now. It wasn't like it really mattered because we both were still wet. "I can't thank you enough for doing this. If you give me your address I will send you the money for the tire and your time." "I don't want any money. I had a daughter about your age. I guess I feel better by taking care of you like I would hope someone would do for her." He used the past tense, had a daughter. I didn't press the issue with him. He was being kind to me after all and went through a lot of trouble. He made general conversation until he had the tire on. "Well thanks again. Are you sure you don't want to be reimbursed?" "You're welcome. If you should need my services, call me." He took something out of his pocket and handed it to me. It was a business card. But in the night I couldn't really read it. Tossing it up on the dash, I was going to get my butt home. The rain had finally stopped by the time I pulled into the driveway. It figured it would stop since I really didn't care now if it rained the rest of the night. Charlie's cruiser was in the driveway when I got home. "Hey Dad. What are you doing home so early?" "Looking for you." "What?" "Edward called me because he couldn't find you. I called your cell about a dozen times. I was worried something happened to you." "I'm fine. I just had a flat. I'm really tired. I think I'm going to go to bed. Good night." "You need to call Edward. He is worried about you." "Maybe tomorrow." "Did you two have a fight or something?" The phone rang and Charlie answered it. "Bella its Edward." Taking the receiver from Charlie. I shifted it between my hands. I know I had to talk to Edward sooner or later. But I chose later as I hung up the phone. "Bella talk to me. What happened?" Charlie wasn't going to take no for an answer. He even made me some hot chocolate while I changed my clothes. My bath robe was good enough to lounge around on the couch. The cup felt good to my cold skin when I picked it up. Cold skin only reminded me of him. "I broke up with Edward." "Why?" "I thought you would be happy to hear the wedding is off." "Seeing you upset never makes me happy Bella. Although I can't say I'm not glad you came to your senses before you ended up ruining your life." They have all told me the same damn thing; don't marry Edward. All for different reasons but, it was the general consensus he wasn't right for me. Charlie was afraid I was too young to get married and he was right. I was to young too piss away life on someone who doesn't care about me. Because if Edward really cared he wouldn't have been with Rosalie. It still didn't hurt me any less though. "Thanks for the hot chocolate and the talk. But I'm going to bed now." Going up the stairs I thought about how I ended every night. Edward would always come through the window and spend the night in my room. He thought watching me sleep was the coolest thing. I thought him loving me was. When I flipped the light on he was sitting on my bed waiting for me. Like he had done a million times before. Only this time it was different. Everything was different between us now. "You need to leave." "I had to make sure you made it home okay. Bella please, I am sorry with every fiber of my being. If I could take it back I would." "Well you can't. So leave." "If you love me. We can work this out." "No we can't Edward." "I forgave you when you kissed Jacob. You don't know how much it hurt me to see it. But I love you so much I got past it. If you love me half as much as I love you, you will too." "Why? Why did you do it?" Edward was no longer showing me his loving eyes I have come to love so much. He was looking down at