This was written at the request of vampygurl402 as a birthday gift for arashi wolf princess. A Bella/Emmett romance with a little twisted PG humor and smut added to it. If you like the story please leave a review as simple as HAPPY BIRTHDAY! In a few days I am going to PM her so she can read it. HAPPY BIRTHDAY arashi wolf princess! This is for you babe... There was nothing worse in the world than feeling alone. It's the only true emotion I think I have left in me. I still bum around with Jasper and Alice from time to time but, that's about it. For the most part I talk to no one and do very little interaction with anyone. After Rosalie and I left the family we ended up getting divorced. Carlisle and Esme would never part even though I think they aren't really happy anymore without any of their children around. Neither will Jasper and Alice, it was being together an eternity for them. Edward I have no idea what had gone on with him. He got married since we left Bella. So it really didn't end up mattering anyway we left her. There were a couple of times I went back to Forks to find Bella. Charlie's house was empty and he moved on from being the Sheriff there. What actually happened to Bella? Well no one really knew. She left without telling anyone as much as good bye. The only one who might have known was Jacob Black. But I didn't think he would tell me if he did know. Angela was the only one still around we went to school with, the others went off to College or had already moved on. She was married to Ben expecting their first child. The things she told me Bella went through after we left made me ashamed. Not only of myself but for my family too. We ruined her teenage years as miserable as Angela made it sound like Bella was. Edward never really loved Bella. He found the girl of his dreams and the last I knew he was living a happy life with her. He never gave Bella a second thought as we tossed her to the side and just how it would end up effecting her. Hell we both ended up being tossed out like the trash without anyone caring about us. Moving didn't make things any better for me but, it did make it easier. I don't have to see Rosalie all the time with her new man. It's not like I'm holding a grudge and I don't want to see her happy. I just don't want to see her being so happy without me. Taking a shower and getting ready to start my first day of college. It's not like I haven't done this a million times already. Until I can figure out what to do with my life, I decided this was a time filler and it made me fit in with my surroundings. Choosing not to stay on campus, I didn't want anyone around. I rented a small apartment since it was just me. It was safer staying away from the public eye so they didn't know I was different from them. Most of the time I don't really know what to do with myself anyway. So this was probably for the best. The traffic was making me run a little behind. So I took the back way and was speeding like crazy to get there. Needless to say I made it with fifteen minutes to spare. When I came speeding into the parking lot a car cut me off and parked in the only space left close to my class. They saw I was going to pull in there and they took it anyway. Honking my horn so they would know I was pissed off. They honked back and I saw a finger come up from the driver. It wasn't the nice finger either. Now I could have chosen to be a real prick about it. But I didn't. I decided it wasn't worth it. So I parked about a mile from the front door and sprinted to class to be on time. It wasn't like running was of any effort for me. It was the principle of the matter. They were being an asshole and then they had the nerve to flip me off. When I was jogging past the car it brought a smile to my face. We all know I should have just gone to class and let it go. But I didn't. First I looked around to see who was near and no one was. Since I was going to be late to class anyway, I took the low road of showing them how I felt about it. Squeezing the front tire until it popped in my hand. That would be for them being such an asshole. It wasn't like I destroyed their car and they couldn't change a tire. Next I was squeezing my dick until I popped a load all over their window. Then I used my dick to write them a message; Next time don't be such a jack off. Now I thought I was being kind of cleaver with the message I left them. They wouldn't be giving the finger so willy nilly in the future and it could be washed off without damaging the car. Smiling as I took a seat in the back of the class because I was thinking about the asshole when they saw their car. Only the girl who I walked by must have thought I was smiling at her because she ran to get the seat beside me. "Hi I'm Tammy." Leaning over on me until her tits were pressed up against my arm. With the low-cut shirt she had on she wasn't leaving much for the imagination. "I'm Emmett." "It is a pleasure to meet you. Would you like to get a cup of coffee with me after class?" "Sorry I can't. I have another class after this one." Even though I didn't really have one, she didn't need to know it. The Professor came in and shut the door. He was running late today as well. He was handing out papers when a girl came flying through the door and took the chair in the front. He was busy and didn't even notice she was really late. Only it wasn't just any girl, it was Bella. Her hair was longer and her body had filled out a lot. She was even wearing makeup. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. She was absolutely stunning. Taking a pen out of her purse it went instantly into her mouth. She was nipping on the lid. With each click her teeth made against the pen my dick was responding to it. For reasons I couldn't explain why I was drawn to her like a frog to his lily pad. Trying to get my mind back to where it needed to be instead of getting into Bella's pants. Professor Peters was doing roll call. As soon as he said my name Bella's head went to moving around trying to find me. "Here." Her eyes were huge when they locked on to mine. I smiled and she whipped her head back around as though she never saw me. "We will be doing experiments into the human psyche. Every day will be a journey into a new mind and it will show you something exciting. Pick a partner. Your assignment will be to evaluate and write a paper on them. Have fun with it and remember to be respectful." Standing before Bella's desk. She was still trying to pretend like I wasn't here. "Bella would you like to be my partner for the assignment?" She immediately turned to the guy next to her. "Will you be my partner?" "Sure." Since I was getting no where with Bella I decided to go back to my chair. I would try to talk to her again after class was over. You can guess who I got for my partner, Tammy. All she wanted to talk about was sex. She must have thought it would make me interested in her but, it didn't. I couldn't wait until this class was over. When it was time everyone was running out the door except Bella. She was still sitting in her chair. I walked out in the hall and waited for her. Even though they were whispering I could still hear. "I will see you tonight Bella." Professor Peters gave her a kiss. Bella was doing him? He had to be old enough to be her father. It explained why they were both late and he didn't say anything to her about coming in after him. "Hey Bella." She kept walking past me like she heard nothing. "Bella please stop ignoring me." "What do you want?" "I just want to talk to you." "Now you want to talk to me. I haven't seen or heard from you or your family in years. So why don't you do us both a favor and don't talk to me." "Come on Bella. I'm sorry for the way we left from Forks. But it doesn't mean we can't be friends again." "Yes it does. I don't have any friends or want any." "Well you seem pretty damn friendly with Professor Peters." "Stay out of my personal life and away from me." It was going to be more difficult than I originally thought it was to get back into Bella's life. I would figure out a way to make everything up to her no matter what I had to do. When we walked outside it just got a little worse. "What the hell happened to my car?" Okay it got a lot worse because it was Bella's car I popped the tire and sort of came on. Now I was the one who acted like a complete ass and felt horrible about what I had done. "What kind of sick pervert would do this? It looks like someone used cum to write on my window. Damn it I have a flat tire too." Well at least she didn't know who did it and she never would know either. "I can change your tire if you want me to?" "I don't want you to do anything for me." She was walking really fast and you could tell she was pissed off. "Where are you going?" "To find campus security to file a report and see if the cameras caught who did it. Will you leave me alone Emmett." Well shit. I should have thought it through a little better. I decided it was time to man up and accept the responsibility of my actions. "You don't need to talk to security Bella. I was the one who did it." "You did this. Why?" So I went through the whole speel of the parking spot, her giving me the finger and how I didn't know it was her damn car. The tears in her eyes were more than I could take. "I am so sorry Bella. I will buy you a new tire and have your car detailed inside and out." "Stay away from me and it is the last time I am going to say it." Walking with my head low to my truck. Not only did we hurt her when we left before but, I just hurt her again. Now I had even more things to makeup to her. Watching from a distance a guy came to change her tire. He was hugging her tightly to his body while she cried. "I can't believe the Cullens are back. I never thought Emmett would do something like this to me. I guess once a Cullen always a Cullen. You can't expect anything else from them." "It's okay baby. I'm here. Let it all out." Following behind them