Pen name: missclearwater80 Title: Miss Murder Fandom: Twilight Pairing: Alec/Alice Rating: M Beta/Pre Reader: Lia Jane/Christina Downs Banner Maker: Chantel Knight Disclaimer: Plot is mine, characters are Mrs. Meyer's creations. Warnings: Dark themes A/N: This story was written for a fundraiser/event I did a few months ago. I'm just uploading it today. I don't remember which one it was for but it was for a good cause . It's been thirteen years since I've been home and I wish I wasn't going back to that house now. No one truly knows what happened on that frightful Halloween night, but they always guessed. My doctors said I was scared of the horrors of watching someone I loved being killed, but never would they have thought that an eight year old could ever get over what happened, especially since it was their twin sister who was the murderer. She even tried to kill me. I don't know what made Jane snap that night, but to this day she's been in Washington State Mental Hospital. According to the doctors, she isn't getting out anytime soon. I was put in the hospital for a few weeks as well, but after Jane tried to kill me again, they moved me to Broadmoor in England. I was only there for four months before I was released into the care of my uncle Marcus. I lived with him until five years ago, when I was admitted back into Broadmoor. When I turned eighteen, I started to have flashbacks of the murders. It got so bad that when my Uncle tried to wake me up from one, I pulled a knife on him. He wasn't hurt, but he said I needed to go back in. flashback October 31, 2000 It took us four long hours to get ready to go trick or treating. This year Jane was going as a clown. Mom and dad were taking us this year and were dressed as a king and queen. I was going as one of my favorite horror movie characters. I had always loved vampires. "Mom, make Jane hurry up. All the candy will be gone before we even leave the house," I whined, my impatience and excitement getting the best of me. "Alec, calm down, we will be fine. Dad isn't even done getting ready," my mother, Anna Volturi told me, kissing my forehead. She then looked at me pointedly as she said, "Make sure you use the bathroom before we leave." "Fine," I grumbled as I ran up to the bathroom. On my way back to the front hall, I stopped at Jane's room to make sure she was almost done...she still wasn't done. I couldn't believe it. She'd had the same amount of time as everyone else. "Jane, come on! You've had four hours to get ready! Don't you want the good candy?" I yelled at her before running out of the room. She didn't reply to me, just continued getting ready. Another hour later, she finally walked downstairs. I was mad that we couldn't meet up with my best friend Eddy. Eddy, Rose, Bella, Jasper, and Emmett were already halfway done trick or treating. Jane always had to be late for everything. five hours later We had been out for a while. We started at Forks high, where they were having a safe trick or treating event, then made our way through the streets of Forks and La Push. We met some nice kids in La Push. There was Jacob, Paul, Seth, Rachel, Leah, Quil, Embry, Claire, Kim, and Jared. We ran around with them till we had to go home. I thought Leah was cute, but she didn't even look at me. After we got home, mom and dad took our candy from us. We had to get ready for bed before they allowed us to have any candy. I decided to go ahead and take a shower, so I could eat my candy tonight, but halfway through my shower, I started hearing screaming. Thinking it was just the TV, I hurried and finished my shower. I ran to my bedroom to get in my pajamas. Usually I would lock my bedroom door while I was changing, but I didn't that night. My father came running into my room. "Dad? Everything okay?" I worriedly asked him. "Oh my God, Alec, you're okay!" my father, Christopher Volturi, screamed, pulling me into a hug. "Have you seen Jane?" His voice dropped to normal volume and his eyes darted around the room. "No, I haven't seen Jane," I answered, my voice shaky. "Dad, what's wrong? Why wouldn't I be okay? Where's mom?" The panic was rising in my chest and I was barely holding it back. Upon hearing breaking glass and a scream, my father whispered, "Alec, someone broke into the house. Mom was attacked." I started to say something, but he held his hand to my mouth, silencing me. "I need you to do something for me now." I nodded and he removed his hand from my mouth. "I'm going to go find your sister. I need you to try to sneak downstairs and out of the house. Get next door and tell them to call nine-one-one. Stay there until Jane or I come get you. Promise me!" my father whispered urgently. "Okay daddy," I swore as tears began to slide down my face. "Please hurry and come get me." I hugged my dad, crying harder. "I love you, Alec. Be safe," he said as he walked out of my door. End Flashback My new physician is Dr. Carlisle Cullen. He is the reason I'm heading home now. He thinks it's going to help me move on and get over the fact that I have - in his words - a crazy sister. The only good thing about me going back to that place is his daughter, Alice, is coming with me. He knew I wouldn't be able to do this on my own and I was grateful that she was the one making the trip with me. We would be landing in Portland International Airport soon, then driving to my hometown of Forks, Washington. "Alec? I really wish you would open up to me about what happened," Alice said, bringing me out of my haze. "If we are ever going to be happy together and tell my dad we're dating, I need to feel like I know you, every part of you. Nothing will ever change how I feel about you." It felt like the hundredth time she'd brought it up since agreeing to go back to my hometown with me. It wasn't like I couldn't understand why she wanted me to talk about it, I just wished she'd consider the fact that maybe I wasn't ready to lay it all out there for her, not yet. Looking out the window, I replied, "Ali, I can't yet." I then looked into her beautiful eyes. "I know your father wants me to face my fears but," I paused to swallow a lump, "I'm about to be at the one place I promised myself I would never return to." She started to protest, but I gave her a look that stopped her from continuing as I turned back to the window. four hours later After driving for what felt like forever, we finally made it to Forks. I wasn't sure if I was ready to be home yet or not, but there was no turning back now. Alice had given up on trying to get me to talk about my past, and though part of me was relieved, another large part of me felt guilty, like I was betraying her somehow. I knew nothing could change the way we felt about each other, but it still hurt to talk about what happened. I hadn't even told Ali that I was having the nightmares again. I hoped I could keep it hidden from her because I didn't want to worry her. I idly wondered if any of the neighborhood folks would remember me. Most of the kids I hung out with back then have moved away; there's only a few kids I kept in touch with, but they don't even know I'm coming home. They have been good friends the last few years and they know the murders were not my fault. I was actually planning to surprise Edward and Bella before heading to the house. Edward was one of my good friends and he never stopped being my friend, even though his mom tried to make him. His little sister Rose, on the other hand, used to be Jane's best friend. After everything that happened, she was horrified and actually thought I was the killer, which I was trying to frame Jane. I hoped I wouldn't see her while I was home. I was afraid I might actually kill her if she tried to say Jane was innocent. Edward's soon to be wife, Bella, actually beat up Rose for saying some of the things she said about me. I would have never thought I had such good friends until Eddy told me that. Bella and Rose used to be close. They were both friends with Jane but were closer to each other than to Jane. Finally, we were pulling up to Forks High School. I hadn't even told Eddy and Bella I was coming. Edward was the newest Football Coach and Math teacher and Bella was the English teacher now. Pulling out Ali's iPhone, I sent a text to Eddy: "You've been a very bad boy today." ~Mystery Friend "Who is this?" ~Edward "You have a very pretty girlfriend. Pretty chocolate brown eyes." ~Mystery Friend "I'm going to call the cops if you don't tell me who you are and how you got this number! I have no clue who you're talking about!" ~Edward "Oh so this pretty little lady isn't your girlfriend, Isabella?" Picture Attached ~Mystery Friend "WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU WANT? LEAVE HER ALONE!" ~Edward "Now, now. No yelling at me Eddy boy! You will get me mad and that wouldn't be something you would want to see, especially since I know you live at 654 E. Division St., Forks, WA. Now, you just need to listen to me." ~Mystery Friend "Anything, just leave her alone! Please, I'm begging! What do you want me to do?" ~Edward "That's a good boy. Now, get up and walk to the parking lot. There's a little note on your car." ~Mystery Friend "Okay." ~Edward I couldn't help but laugh as I watched Eddy come running out of the school building to his car. I never thought this would be so much fun. I didn't want to think about what Eddy was going to do to me when he figured out it was me sending the texts, so for now, I was going to enjoy it. Just then, he finally found my note. Hiding in my car, I watched as he pulled his phone, keys, wallet, and everything else in his pockets out and threw them on the hood of his car. Slowly turning around, he got on his knees, looked at the ground, and waited on me just like my note had instructed. I couldn't stand it anymore. Getting out of my car, I slowly made my way to him, making sure he didn't see me until I was right on top of him. I grabbed a handful of his hair and pulled his head back, finally releasing the swell of laughter I'd had trapped within my chest. Eddy's eyes narrowed as he looked at me, recognizing me. "You son of a bitch, you almost gave me a heart attack! Shit!" Eddy yelled, scrambling to his feet. "Dude, you may want to lower your voice," I said as I dodged his punches. "Sorry, but that was just funny. I couldn't help myself." "Why didn't you tell me you were coming home?" he asked as he pulled me in