Chapter 1 Lily struggled against the chains that bound her. "James, please," she begged. "Let me go." James stared at her, His face expressionless. "When were you planning to tell me," he said pleasantly. "Were you ever going to be honest with me?" "What are you talking about? You know everything about me." James's harsh laughter echoed around the room. "Know everything, that's a joke. I can trust nothing I know about you. You have proven to be a liar. Hell, is our child even mine?" Lily's green eyes flashed. Her red hair seemed to float in an invisible wind. The air around her crackled and thrummed with power. Her skin began omitting a soft glow. "How dare you," she hissed. "I have never been unfaithful to you. I swear on my life and magic that the child growing in my womb is yours." There was a flash of light. James watched Lily interestedly, and she glared right back. "Well, that settles that. You may be a liar, but at least you're not a whore." "What is going on? Why have you chained me up?" "I know your secret," James bellowed. "I know what you never told me." Lily frowned. What was he talking about? Had he gone mad? She had told him everything about herself. She had held nothing back. Her parents had always told her that honesty was the best way to maintain a relationship. Her eyes suddenly widened. There was one thing she hadn't told him. "Oh," she whispered. "I almost forgot about that." "Figured it out have you?" James sneered. "I know you're not human. How could you have forgotten about that?" Lily looked up at him. "I was going to tell you," she said her voice shaking slightly. "I never meant to hide it from you. As for almost forgetting, it just didn't seem important." James paced back and forth, never taking his eyes off her. "I should've known. You were always great at magic. You were the best in our year. They said you were a prodigy, and now I know why." Lily shifted in the chains. Her skin where the metal touched was beginning to itch. Looking down, she could see red welts blossoming on her arms. James, who had followed her gaze, grinned. "I heard that dragon's blood was poisonous to your kind, so I soaked those chains in it before binding you. Don't worry, from what I read, it's not fatal unless it enters your bloodstream, isn't that right?" Lily nodded. Tears spilled down her cheeks. "Why did you do this," she cried. "Did our love mean nothing to you?" "Did it mean anything to you?" James growled. "You lied to me for four years. I can understand why you didn't tell me before we were together. Hell, you didn't even like me back then, but I can't understand why you didn't tell me once we were engaged." "I know how the wizarding world, even the light side, feels about elves. They believe that all elves are evil." James nodded. "Your kind are evil. They killed thousands of wizards and muggles alike for no other reason than trespassing on their land." "The elves can be vicious sometimes, that is true, but they are not evil." James snorted. "Oh, so they are all innocent, are they? They're just misunderstood. Is that what you are telling me?" Lily shifted, trying to ignore the burning in her arms and legs where the chains touched her. She could hear a faint sizzling sound and knew it was her skin burning from contact with the dragon's blood. She had to hurry. If she began bleeding, the dragon's blood would mix with hers. "James please, you have to let me out of these chains." James's smile was all teeth. "Do you think I am stupid? If I let you lose, then you will kill me. I imagine that it would be a horrible accident, wouldn't it? Tell me, would you blame it on the death eaters?" Lily grit her teeth until her jaws hurt. James took an involuntary step backwards as her eyes began to glow. "If you don't let me out, our child will die. Do you want that? You are the last of the Potter line. Is your anger at me so great that you would end your line to see me dead?" James paused. She was right. His child grew in her belly. If she died, so would he. Part of him thought that he could get a new wife, and have a new child, but he pushed that thought away. Regardless what Lily had done, he was not going to blame his child for her mistakes. On the other hand, he couldn't just let her go. What if she ran away? If she left him, he knew that he would never find her. The elves were supposed to be gone from this world, but what if she knew of a way to find them? He'd heard stories that if a child of an elf and a mortal was raised by mortals, then the child would be mortal. However, if the child was raised by elves, then that is what they would be. He didn't want his child to lose its humanity and he didn't want it to die. What was he going to do? A soft voice broke into his thoughts. "Perhaps I can be of assistance?" James turned to see an old man with white hair and a long white beard. Both were so long he could have tucked them into his belt. He smiled at James, his blue eyes twinkling. "I would be happy to aid you in this matter. I believe I have a solution." James sighed in relief. "Dumbledore, thank goodness. Lily is…" "An elf, I know. I also know what we can do with her. I finally received approval this morning." "This morning," James said outraged. "You knew and you didn't tell me?" "My apologies, but she insisted I not tell you. She was afraid that you would be unable to keep it to yourself." "Who? Lily?" "No, a voice said from the hallway. "I told Dumbledore not to tell you." James turned to see Millicent Bagnold, the minister of magic standing behind Dumbledore. She was a short stout woman with iron grey hair and cold brown eyes. "You?" James asked. "Why would you take interest in my wife's lies?" "Because her secret endangers our entire society. If people find out that Morgaine Le Fay walks the earth again, it could, and most likely would, cause a mass panic." James stared at the minister in shock. "Morgaine Le Fay, but she'd dead." "No she's not," Bagnold said, staring at Lily. "Somehow, she returned." Lily looked at the minister. What was the highest ranking official of the British ministry of magic doing here? How had she found out who she was? She had to tread carefully. The chains binding her had leeched a lot of her strength. "I used to be Morgaine Le Fay, but I haven't gone by that name in a long time. I am Lily Evans Potter now." Minister Bagnold smiled kindly at Lily. "Have you forgotten we are at war? The most powerful dark wizard in a hundred years is trying to take over our country. We have no idea which side you would fight for. According to the legends, you switched sides when you fought Merlin. How do we know that you wouldn't do the same again?" Lily glared at the old woman. "How dare you. I would never side with that murderer. He killed my parents and has tried to kill me on multiple occasions." Bagnold said nothing, just continued to stare at Lily. "I am truly sorry," she said, "but we can't allow you to walk free." She turned away from Lily and looked at Dumbledore. "Is the cell ready?" Dumbledore nodded. "We will not move her into the general population until the child is born. The cell you requested is ready. It has been fitted with magical suppression runes. That should hold her for the time being. Pregnant elves have a difficult time using their magic." Lily's eyes widened. "You can't do this. I've done nothing to warrant being locked up." James spoke up, glaring at Lily. "You killed thousands as Morgaine Le fay. I'd say you deserved more than to be locked up." Lily looked at her husband. "The only thing I did was glamour Morgaus to disguise her, thereby aiding in the conception and birth of Mordred." "Which makes you indirectly responsible for the fall of Camelot." Minister Bagnold looked at her sadly. "I am truly sorry, but we have to. Think of it as a matter of national security, if you must." Lily struggled against her chains as Dumbledore raised his wand. There was a flash of red light and her world went black. Dumbledore flicked his wand and the chains binding Lily vanished. Looking up at the ceiling, he called, "Fawkes." There was a flash of fire and a red and gold bird appeared. "Would you heal her please?" He pointed at Lily. Fawkes trilled and flew over Lily. The magnificent bird lowered its head and began to cry tears on to Lily's burns. As they all watched, the burns faded away as if they'd never been. When he was done, Fawkes rose into the air and alighted upon Dumbledore's shoulder. He trilled softly as if to say, "My job is done, Albus." Dumbledore looked at James. "We could arrange for house arrest if you like. She would be bound to this house and couldn't leave. Once she had the child, we would then lock her in Azkaban until the end of the war." James shook his head. "I could never trust her. She might kill me for binding her after you left. Besides, she is one of the fiercest dark ladies in history. I still don't know how I feel about having a child with Morgaine Le Fay." Dumbledore patted his shoulder. "I am truly sorry for all you have suffered, my boy." James nodded. "Let's just get this done." Bagnold nodded. She gestured and two Aurors entered the room, wands drawn. She pointed at the prone Lily. "She is not to be harmed in any way during transportation, do you understand?" The aurors nodded silently and levitated Lily. They made their way out of the room and down the hallway. James stared after her a solitary tear ran down his cheek. For the first time since he found out Lily wasn't human, he wondered if he was doing the right thing. He was punishing Lily for not being human and for things that had happened centuries ago. How was he any better than the Death Eaters. Sure, she hadn't told him what she was, or who she was, but could he really blame her. He had reacted exactly as she had feared he would. As if sensing his disquiet, Dumbledore touched his shoulder. "I know how you must feel, James, but this is for the greater good. We can't trust Lily." "We still trust the goblins and the centaurs," James argued. "How are elves any different?" "Because elves are savage, wild, untamed. From what I've read, they could be cruel and monstrous as they could kind and benevolent." James scowled at the old man. "So in other words, they're just like people, is that what you're telling me?" Dumbledore stared at his former student. Why didn't the boy understand? He had hoped that springing what his wife was on him would make him comply with his wishes, and it had seemed to work. What had changed? Why was he arguing with him now that the decision was made and it was too late to do anything?" "James," Minister Bagnold said gently. "You will have my word that we will make your wife as comfortable as we can." James whirled to face her, his eyes flashing.