Chapter ONE Icy wind blew across the barren landscape. The falling snow was picked up and spread across the frozen ground, like icing spread over the top of a cake. The trees were stripped skeleton's reaching with leafless branches for the nonexistent sun. The creaking of those branches sounded like the groaning of sickly old men begging for help. There was no bird song, no little woodland animals foraging for food. The only sign of life was the distant howling of wolves. Nevertheless, there was life on this land. Two figures walked through the packed snow. They were bundled up against the cold. The only thing visible was their eyes. The rest of their bodies were covered in heavy cloaks and coats. It was impossible to tell whether these two were male or female. Another howl echoed across the snow. One of the figures looked at the other, their blue eyes were the same color as the sky above them. "Are we in any danger?" The voice was soft and feminine, but betrayed no fear at the thought of being attacked by hungry wolves. Her companion shrugged, his golden green eyes stayed fixed straight ahead. "I don't know," he said, his voice held a note of uncertainty. "I've never been to this part of Elphame before." He looked sideways at the girl walking next to him. "I don't even know if they are wolves." The girl's eyes narrowed. "What do you mean you don't know if they are wolves." "I mean I don't know if wolves are what Lord Winter keeps to guard his home." "Great!" the girl snapped, betraying a hint of irritation. "Remind me again why we are even here?" Harry took a deep breath. "Because," he said, repeating something he'd obviously said many times before. "Lord Winter is one of the few that may know why elven magic doesn't work on iron. According to Mum's research, it wasn't always that way. Excalibur was forged from steel, so we used to be able to enchant iron. We need to know what changed." "If there's a winter, there must be a summer," the girl said, shivering. "Why couldn't we visit her?" "Because Summer's home is warded. No one gets in there unless they are invited in. Besides, I thought you liked the cold?" "I like the cold," the girl grumbled, "but this is too cold." "Well, you'll just have to deal with it. Mum wanted me to find this information and we didn't have time to send Summer a request to visit her." "And you don't find the fact that Winter just lets people walk up to his home a little ominous?" "Of course I do, Daph, but what other choice do we have? Winter is one of the oldest elves left. Mum was banished from Avalon, so we don't have access to them and she's not sure how the other two courts view her." They continued walking for several moments in silence. When Daphne next spoke, her voice was hesitant. "Harry?" "Hmm?" "Why did you ask me to come with you?" Harry looked sideways at her, his golden green eyes gleaming in the dim light of the winter sun. "Do you regret coming? I wouldn't blame you if you did." Daphne touched his arm with a gloved hand. "Of course not," she said, her voice betraying no emotion. "I would've just thought that this would've been more up Ariana's alley than mine." Harry winced slightly. "No, there are reasons I didn't bring Ariana on this mission." "Oh?" Daphne asked, raising an eyebrow. "Yeah," Harry said. "First, she has the heart of a phoenix. The phoenix is a creature of fire. I wouldn't want to bring her here because Winter would sense it immediately. He may view bringing someone with an affinity for fire magic to his domain as a threat." "And the other reason?" "Ariana is gentle. She's very knowledgeable and she can fight if she has to, but she doesn't have the heart of a fighter. She is my best friend. I wouldn't want to ask her to do something she might never forget." Daphne raised an eyebrow, her lips twitching minutely. "But you don't mind asking me to do something I'll never forget, do you?" Harry smiled grimly. "Daphne, you are my other best friend. I've known you for three years. I know that you could kill and cook a cat and not bat an eye." Daphne inclined her head. "True," she said tonelessly. "I know I'm a little mad, but I'm okay with that." Her eyes narrowed imperceptibly. "That doesn't mean I'm a psychopath. To use your analogy, I would only kill and cook a cat if the situation warranted it. I'm more of a dog person, but I don't mind cats as a species and I have no desire to kill them just to be killing them." "And that's why I want you with me," Harry said. "You can fight and do what needs to be done and it won't bother you later." Daphne was silent for several moments. "You are my best friend; you know?" she said finally. Her voice, as usual, held no emotion; she could've been commenting on the weather. Harry glanced at her, surprised. "I thought Ariana and Pansy would be closer to you. I mean, well…" He trailed off. "Because they're girls?" Daphne said, her lips twitching again. "They're nice, but I've always felt closer to you. You are…" She paused looking for the right word. "You are darker than they are. Pansy and Ariana both have a light about them. They have a purity and innocence that makes it hard for me to get close to them. My attitude makes it hard for me to make friends, but you," she touched his arm gently. "You accept me and don't try to change me. You are happy with who I am; I like that. It's rare to find somebody like that." "Thanks," Harry said softly. He grinned suddenly. "What?" Daphne said her eyes narrowing. "Nothing," Harry said quickly. "This is the longest I've heard you talk in the three years I've known you." Scowling, Daphne punched him in the arm. The blow was hard enough to knock him off his feet. He landed on his back on the snow, rubbing his arm, which had gone numb. Eyes watering, he clambered to his feet. "Wow," he grunted, still rubbing his arm. Daphne's lips twitched. "No more smart comments, alright?" Before Harry could respond, there was a snarl from behind them. He spun around. There was nothing there. He and Daphne peered into the falling snow, but saw nothing. "That sounded like it came from right behind us," Daphne murmured. "Yeah," Harry agreed, his brow furrowed. "This may not be good. Come on, let's get moving." Turning back to face forward, they began walking again, trying to ignore the growls that sounded as if they were coming from right behind them. Harry sped up, until he was nearly running. Daphne kept pace with him easily. She stared at him. For the first time since she'd known him, she could see that he was afraid. She held out a hand, forcing them to stop. "Harry, you know what's after us, don't you?" "Yes," Harry said, wiping sweat off his forehead. "I thought it was only rumors. They are not that easy to control." "What is it?" Daphne asked urgently. Before Harry could answer, he heard a soft growl. It sounded as if it was far away, but Harry spun around. Daphne watched as his eyes widened. She turned to see what he was staring at. The creatures loping towards them across the snow looked like something out of a nightmare. They had the bodies of large hounds, but the heads of men and women. There paws left no track in the snow and blue flames danced across their fur. "I thought you said Winter didn't like fire magic," she said calmly. "That isn't fire magic," Harry said. "These are The Hounds of Annwn"). They are the hounds of the Wild Hunt. Their fire is soul fire; it burns the soul, not the body." "Incorrect, elf," a deep voice said. Harry turned back to the hounds to see a large grizzled hound standing right in front of him. Its fur was streaked with silver. The man's face perched atop its canine body was lined with age. Long silver hair fell across his back. A single grey eye stared at Harry angrily. The other eye was a scarred ruin; the milky white orb stared sightlessly up at the sky. When this thing smiled, it revealed long pointed teeth. Seeing it had his attention, it continued. "Soul fire normally only burns the soul, but we can make it burn the flesh to if we wish." The hound licked its lips. "Sometimes, it is nice to have a hot meal on a cold night." The hounds behind him yipped in excitement. The old one continued. "Now then, you are trespassing on the land of our Lord. Why are you here?" "We wish to speak to Lord Winter," Daphne said. The hound turned to look at her. He breathed deeply, his nostrils flaring. "Human," he purred, saliva dripping from his mouth. "It has been centuries since I have tasted that flesh and you are so young. I bet you taste delightful." Daphne drew her wand. "You'll never find out," her blue eyes narrowed. The old hound chuckled. It was quite unnerving, sounding like a dog growling and laughing at the same time." "Feisty," he said, smiling widely. "I always did like my food to struggle a bit. It makes it so much better when we bring them down and tear them apart." Harry stepped in front of Daphne. "Please," he said holding up his hands. "We wish Lord Winter no harm. We just want to speak to him. Allow us to pass, and we will make sure we don't come this way again when we leave." "No," the leader growled. "I'm afraid we can't do that. You see, it has been so long since we have tasted elven and human flesh. Had you asked for Winter's permission to be on his land, we would not be permitted to harm you, but you did not." his grin revealed those pointed teeth again. "You are fair game." Harry's eyes began to glow. "I will not go quietly," he said coldly. "You are bound to lose some members of your pack. Can you live with that, old dog? You are their leader, are you not? Will they still follow you if you get some of their number slain?" The old hound chuckled again. His grey eye twinkled merrily. "A good effort, but the pack knows that some may die during a hunt. They are prepared to die to defend their Lord. Can you say the same? Are you prepared to die in your attempt to complete your mission, whatever that may be?" Realizing that diplomacy was not an option, Harry reached deep and began to draw on his magic. His hands and arms were bathed in a fierce white light. "Alright, I understand you will not be reasoned with. However, the girl is an innocent; leave her out of this." Another hound stepped forward. This one had the face of a middle-aged woman. Her hair was the washed out grey of old rags and her ebony eyes gave off an unnatural glow. Her shaggy grey fur was matted with blood and other fluids. Her voice was harsh, as if someone had lined her throat with sandpaper. "If she were as innocent as you say, she wouldn't be helping you trespass would she?" A tiny hound waddled forward. This one had a cherubic face with long red hair and sparkling blue eyes. Her fur was pure gold and shone in the winter sun. Her body was long and slender, almost serpent like. When she spoke, her voice was like a barking