Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction using characters and entities from the Wizarding World trademarked by J. K. Rowling. Original plots, dialogue, and characters are mine. Synopsis: Due to the events of War, The Ministry of Magic has ordered students to repeat their final year, despite being legal wizarding age and completion of OWLs. Hermione Granger and Blaise Zabini form a friendship as head boy and head girl and find a way to use their authority to challenge the Ministry. Along the way, she finds herself caught between two unexpected love interests, while Blaise plays referee between his two friends. The story will remain T-rated for a little while, but because of language, and eventual teenage antics, I'm preemptively making this rated M. Originally Written for Strictly Dramione's Springfest Exchange, but has been re-written to become more of a love triangle. Prompt: 8th year, Hogwarts Muggle Studies class. Paired during Integration of Purebloods to Muggle culture. Side pairing Blaise & Luna Pairing: Dramione/Theomione Love Triangle. Not a triad. Beta Love: Mama2HPBabies A Girl Worth Fighting For By SaintDionysus Chapter 1: The Eighth Year — BY ORDER OF — MINISTRY OF MAGIC All members of wizarding society, aged eighteen years and younger, are required to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry if they have not completed their N.E.W.T. level examinations. ⟢◈M◈⟣ To Whom it May Concern: While we understand that the legal wizarding age is seventeen, and prior decrees state that any student is eligible to leave school upon coming of age and completing Ordinary Wizarding Levels, Hogwarts Board of Governors, The Wizengamot, and the Minister of Magic have enacted this decree in effect until June of the year two thousand. Recent events have taken its toll on our community. This enactment was created to allow students to heal with their peers, learn to put aside their differences, and rebuild their beloved school in an environment away from the whole of Wizarding society. All students that fit the aforementioned criteria, will receive their school lists by owl. Any students with their apparition license must still check-in at platform nine and three-quarters before apparating to Hogsmeade. Good luck. Kingsley Shacklebolt Kingsley Shacklebolt Minister of Magic —xoxox— Hermione Granger, Ronald Weasley, and Harry Potter sat at the kitchen table of 12 Grimmauld Place and read the letter over and over again. "Kingsley can't be serious, can he?" Ron asked. Hermione tucked a curl behind her ear and said, "I believe so. While I am choosing to go back to school, it's unfair to create this mandate when so many of us are already adults. Frankly, it's a violation of our rights." Harry pouted, "Ron and I were supposed to start at the Auror Academy in two weeks. Instead, we have to buy schoolbooks and new uniforms. I guess being The Chosen One who vanquished the Dark Lord really doesn't count for much, does it?" As much as Hermione would have liked to chastise Harry's sarcasm, he had a point. As war heroes and heroine, they thought they would be privy to a few more perks. That was not the case. The ministry still saw them as children and wanted to send them to go to school for therapy, free construction labor, or whatever this eighth year was supposed to be. The lack of choice definitely rubbed them the wrong way, to the point the wondered if they just swapped one regime for another. Three owls swooped in to deliver their letters. Hermione opened hers first and proceeded to read aloud. —xoxox— HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY HEADMISTRESS: MINERVA McGONAGALL Dear Miss Granger, I would like to personally welcome you back to Hogwarts. Your presence has been missed. As you may have heard, the Ministry mandate requires you, along with your original class, to return for an eighth year, regardless of attendance last year. Between us, I view it as a slap in the face as an educator and belittling you as adults by taking away your rights. Nonetheless, Hogwarts is happy to welcome you home. Additionally, we are in a unique situation as last year's Head Boy and Girl will be repeating their final year. Both have graciously declined the responsibility and I am happy to appoint you as Head Girl for the 1998–99 school year. You will share duties with Head Boy, Blaise Zabini. In regards to living quarters, an inter-house dormitory has been opened for all eighth-year students. The ministry has granted you a space in which you may feel more comfortable, as adults, but I will warn everyone to exercise a level of restraint and remind you, that you will be setting an example for younger students To add to your duties, all muggleborns and half-bloods will be assisting Professor Arabella Figg in the now compulsory, Muggle Studies course. More details on your involvement will be explained on the first day of term. Lastly, with my promotion to Headmistress, you will have a new Head of House. Though you will be housed in an integrated dormitory, you still represent Gryffindor House. I expect you, Harry, and Ronald in my office for tea when you arrive. Until then. Yours Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Minerva McGonagall Headmistress —xoxox— "Wow. McGonagall was in a mood when she wrote that, wasn't she?" Ron said shocked at their headmistress's blunt letter and the long list of changes at the school. "Mrs. Figg will be teaching Muggle Studies?" Harry scratched his head also trying to understand what they needed to expect when they returned to Hogwarts. "Well, makes sense." "Harry, you know Professor Figg?" Hermione asked. "Yeah. Remember when I told you about the squib neighbor that spoke at my trial?" Harry reminded her. Hermione's eyes lit up as she put the pieces together. "That's Mrs. Figg. Dumbledore had her move in when I was placed with the Dursleys; she was also my babysitter when I was little." "Oh my gosh!" she exclaimed. "Yes! I mean, it was an absolute tragedy what happened to Professor Burbage, but a squib who has lived as a muggle is the perfect person to teach this subject. She would actually know what she's talking about." "Ugh, you mean I need to learn about Muggle gadgets and stuff?" Ron griped. "If we're lucky, she'll teach you about muggle manners and how not to be an insensitive prat all the time," Hermione shot him a scathing look. Ron grew quiet. Things had been tense between them since the Battle. The kiss in the heat of the moment wasn't enough for them to move forward with a real relationship. Every time they were alone, it was awkward. He would say the wrong thing, and she would overreact. Harry had to intervene and tell them that for the sake of all of their friendships, a romantic relationship wasn't going to work. "Hermione..." Harry said in a disciplinary tone, "play nice. Yeah, Mrs. Figg is a bit odd, but she's definitely the right balance of magical and Muggle to teach this class. I wonder what our roles as teacher's aides will be." "I'm wondering the same thing, but I'm excited. I think it will be nice to go back to Hogwarts," she said wistfully. "Yeah. I'm especially looking forward to the Feast," said Ron. "And Quidditch. You think I'll get to be captain again?" Harry asked. "Open your letters," Hermione motioned to them. "Oh, yeah," Ron said as he and Harry tore open their envelopes. "Hey, I still get to be prefect!" "Gryffindor Quidditch Captain and Ginny is co-captain! Ron, want to head back to your parents'? I want to celebrate the good news with Ginny," Harry said with a smirk. "Harry, keep whatever it is you do with my sister to yourself," Ron looked as though he was going to be sick. "Yeah, we'll floo over. I can't believe Magical Transport gave us citations for not having our apparition licenses." "Don't forget, our examinations are on Friday, nine a.m. sharp," Hermione stated. "I'm not forgetting that one," Harry assured her. "The floo network is so limiting. How did we live without apparition?" "Like barbarians," Ron joked. Offended, Hermione said, "You mean, like muggles ?" "Oh, 'Mione. I didn't mean it like that," he tried to apologize. "I'm going back to my parents' house to help them unpack. I'll talk to you later." She stood up from the kitchen table and gave Harry a hug from behind, then just walked past and curtly nodded, "Ron." When Hermione was out of view, Harry stared at Ron with a disappointed look and shook his head. "What?" Ron pretended not to know what that look was for. "I don't know how she hasn't managed to hex you after eight years of friendship," Harry said, exasperated. "Well, there was the thing with the birds…" "I think the next time, she's going to use crows or something with sharper talons." —xoxox— Draco Malfoy passed his letter to his mother after he had read it a few times to himself. He was a bundle of mixed emotions. On the one hand, he wasn't ready to enter wizarding society and was looking forward to prolonging adolescence for just a little bit longer. On the other hand, he wasn't sure how he would be treated by the other students. Would they forgive him or at least tolerate him? Was his testimony enough to prove he wasn't a Death Eater sympathizer or would the faded Mark on his arm be a constant reminder? "You turned down being Head Boy for a second year? And Miss Greengrass? Is she turning down her post as well?" his mother questioned coolly, allowing her son to explain himself. "Yes, Daphne also passed on her post," Draco knew what his mother wanted, but he wasn't going to give it to her easily. "Is there a particular reason why you and Miss Greengrass will not be taking on leadership roles?" The tight-lipped matriarch pushed the subject. Knowing he wasn't going to get out of this, Draco sighed and reasoned, "Daphne said she wants to spend more time on her studies and looking after her sister. Astoria is still really shaken up by last year's events and can't live with the guilt of the things the Carrows made her do, especially to the little ones. Daph even got special permission from Headmistress McGonagall to stay in the seventh year dorms in case Tori gets night terrors and needs help taking her potions." Draco saw his mother's stern face soften to that of a concerned mother. He knew this would make his reasoning a bit easier to swallow. "Mum. The past two years I felt like I had the weight of the world on my shoulders. I was tasked with the impossible and then spent last year doing my best to be the Dark Lord's perfect little soldier and head boy. The looks my professors gave me, mum. They were so disappointed in me. I felt like I didn't deserve the title even though I worked for it. They knew I could do more to stop those bastards—" "Language." "Sorry. I just want to be a normal teenager, do well on my N.E.W.T.s, and play quidditch. Look at the letter. I'm still a prefect and Quidditch captain. I still have responsibilities, but not as much." He gave his mother a sweet look that he knew melted her heart. There is nothing stronger than the bond between a mother and son—and he would take advantage of it any way he could. Narcissa took her son in her arms and tucked her head on his shoulder. He had grown even taller over the summer. It was hard for her to believe her little boy was becoming a man—but a man who wanted remain a boy for just a bit longer. "I'm very proud of you, Draco. It takes a strong man to take on immense responsibility, but an even stronger one to know his limitations. You've thought about this, and I support