Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction using characters and entities from the Wizarding World trademarked by J. K. Rowling. Original plots, dialogue, and characters are mine. Synopsis: Adulthood has everyone engaged to be married and preparing for the next stage of life, but is everyone done sowing their oats? All it takes is a night out to realize settling down may not be the best idea… Songs that inspired the chapter: That's What I Like – Bruno Mars Pony – Ginuwine Shape of You – Ed Sheeran Sing – Ed Sheeran Notes: Dedicated to Gryff_inTheGame and coyg_81 for whom I am thankful crawled up my ass and begged me to write this story. It was so damn fun to write and pushed me out of my comfort zone. Beta: MrBenzedrine89 and Enigmaticrose4 AWARDS/NOMINATIONS: 2017 "After all this Time" Spring Dramione Awards RUNNER UP: Big Surprises come in Small Packages." Award (best mini fic) *10k-40k words* FINALIST: Best Smut Fic 2017 Granger Enchanted Awards WINNER: Picture Perfect Awards (Best Cover Art) FINALIST: Best new Author FINALIST: When Life Gives You Lemons Award (Best Smut) — Dramione Subcategory Chapter 1: Hens and Stags "Ginny, are you almost ready?" Hermione hollers from the sitting room of their shared flat. She unfolds a bit of parchment which sits in her pocket. Her fingers trace the handwriting as she bites her lip with a smirk. "Okay, done. How do I look?" Ginny wears a short, fitted white dress with a deep plunging V-neckline that leaves little to the imagination. On her feet are silver strappy heels, and she adorns a pink tiara and the gaudiest sash that said 'bride-to-be' in hot pink lettering. Hermione looks her up and down and wolf whistles, "Are you about to get married, or are you on the prowl?" "Well, it is my last night as a single woman," Ginny shrugs her shoulders to the side in a coquettish fashion. "What have you got there? Ron sending you love letters?" "Something like that," Hermione quickly shoves the letter into her bra. "Let's go. Luna, your team, and the others will all be meeting us at the restaurant before we go dancing." "Yes, Mum. So, did you already check in with the boys?" Ginny asked curiously. "Harry and Ron are playing quidditch right now, then are going out to dinner at Leaky, then drinks at Exodus. Ron and I have it all planned out, so we don't run into each other." "Best maid of honor ever. Let's go!" —xoxox— "You just had to bring Viktor Krum to our pick-up game, didn't you? This is supposed to be my stag do. Couldn't let me win this, could you?" Harry whines as he sheds his gear in the Harpies locker room, "at least Ginny and the girls let us use their training center." "The perks of marrying a professional quidditch player, eh, mate?" Ron says, throwing a dirty jersey at him. "I guess so," Harry responds but quickly looks away as Viktor walks naked toward the showers. The Bulgarian seeker stops in all his glory and asks Ron and Harry in his thick Eastern European accent, "Dinner avter this, correct?" Harry slightly turns his head to unlace his boots in an attempt to avert his eyes and says, "Yeah, Viktor. We're all just washing up and then dinner at the Leaky Cauldron before drinks at the lounge." "Good. I am hungry," Viktor says as he gives Ron a wink, unbeknownst to Harry, and heads to the shower. "Explain to me again how the two of you became so chummy?" Harry asks Ron while stripping the rest of his gear off. "It was at that professional players' charity thing Ginny dragged us to a few months back. We started talking — he was cool," Ron says casually. "Alright. Hey, we all make friends in unexpected places. He's just very different from how I remembered him," Harry says with a bit of uneasiness. "Growing up tends to do that, Harry. Come on. I'm starved," Ron cuts him off. The problem with being with friends with Harry Potter is that when he became suspicious, it was usually for a good reason. —xoxox— Greg Goyle steps onto the hearth of Draco Malfoy's study out of the green flames. He's in a great mood knowing that he is going to go out for dinner and drinks with the guys. Once the flames vanish, he is alarmed to see both Draco and Theo on the sofa, looking dejected and nursing their drinks. "What crawled up your arses?" Greg asks them. Draco pinches the bridge of his nose and starts massaging his forehead. "Whatever you do, Greg. Postpone getting engaged at all costs. Getting married is a sodding nightmare." "What are you talking about? Tori's fit and comes from a good family." Goyle isn't quite grasping what Draco is complaining about. Theo mimics his fiancee's voice, "'Do you like garden roses or peonies?' 'Which white is whiter?' 'Which lace is less scandalous?' 'Do you like the linen or the laid textured paper?' 'Is it presumptuous of us to invite the Minister of Magic?' 'Should we invite the Golden Trio as an extension of the olive branch?' — Shit, Greg. The things these girls ask are fucking mental." He forgoes pouring himself another glass and drinks firewhisky straight from the bottle. "The worst part is because we are marrying sisters, their parents want us to plan together, but the dates will be separate," Draco says while taking out a cigarette. He lights it up with the tip of his wand and inhales the relaxing smoke. As he exhales he says, "At least they have been fighting so much, we don't have wedding dates set." "And that is a good thing? Why?" Greg walks over and pours himself a glass and lights up a cigarette as well. Theo is smoking something a bit more medicinal and chokes out, "It gives us time to back out." "You two aren't serious are you?" Goyle asks. "Dead serious, Greg," Draco says bluntly. "Remember when we were kids and we thought that being pure-blood was the greatest thing we could ever be? Well, that was before we realized our families would make us marry right after school. I turn twenty-one in June, and Astoria is looking for dates around that time. Merlin, that's so soon. I did a little research. Just guess what the average marrying age is for muggles." "I don't know — twenty-five?" he guesses. "Thirty. And you know the average number of sexual partners they had in that time?" Draco asks, and Greg shrugs in response. "Around twenty. So, do we have money, prestige, magic? Yeah. But they have the freedom of time to figure out who they want to be with in life and fuck tons of people in the process." "Yeah, I thought I was in love with Daphne in school, but is she really the only pussy I'm going to fuck for the rest of my life?" Theo takes another drag of his joint and passes it to Draco. "Fuck. You convinced me. I'm not getting married," Greg finishes the rest of his drink. "Where the fuck is Blaise? I thought we were supposed to go to dinner." "We could always eat here," Theo says. "No. I need to get out of this house. If I'm here any longer, my mother will find some reason to talk to me about the wedding. I can't do it," Draco says, looking unhinged. Right on time, Blaise makes his way through the fire. "Sorry I'm late, gents. I had some entertaining to, um, wrap up." "See, he has the right idea," Theo says, pulling himself off the couch. "You missed it, Blaise. Draco and I gave Greg our warning to not get married for many, many years." "You two fuckers take the pureblood code way too seriously. You should have sown your oats then settled down," Blaise says. "Ready to go eat some Italiano?" "Fuck off with the Italian bit, Zabini," Draco sounds annoyed. "Your arse was born and raised in Belgravia in one of the fucking poshest parts of London. The only thing you can say in Italian is Bolognese ." Greg and Theo roll with laughter and Blaise attempts to shoot stunning spells at all three of them, but Draco deflects the attack knowing that Theo is too high and Greg is just an idiot. "Alright, arseholes. Let's go," Blaise scowls. —xoxox— After dinner, Harry's group of future brothers-in-law, school friends, and fellow aurors make their way to the new lounge called, Exodus. It isn't the bumping nightclub type, but still, it has a cool vibe that attracts a young crowd. It isn't The Chosen One's speed, but with all the single guys in his group, he thinks it will be fun going to a bar with eye candy. While the guys all make their way into the crowd, Harry and Ron go to the bar and order drinks. Viktor comes to help Ron bring the beers over to their party, leaving Harry to start the tab. He looks to his right and sees a petite figure with curves in all the right places, especially with how that Chinese-style dress hugs her body. The dress is made of green silk with snakes embroidered into the fabric. The woman has her hair up in a loose bun with an ornate jade comb carved in the shape of a serpent. There is something about the Orient that has always intrigued Harry, so he decides to strike up a conversation. "Ahem... I like your dress." The woman turns around, and it is none other than Pansy Parkinson, the best friend of his former school nemesis. For a split second, she has the same surprised look that Harry has on his face, but she immediately corrects and composes herself. "Potter. Fancy seeing you here." "Uh, yeah. My stag do." "Ah, you and your ginger witch making your way down the aisle?" "Yeah, in two weeks—" Harry signals to the bartender to get him a pint of lager. He doesn't want to be rude and leave Pansy as he initiated the conversation. "—But like I was saying. Your dress. It's beautiful." "It's called a cheongsam. I just came from my grandmother's Lunar New Year dinner," she says then takes another sip of her martini, all while looking Harry up and down. "Lunar New Year?" "Chinese New Year. It's the year of The Snake." "You celebrate Chinese New Year?" "Potter, have you always been this slow, or are you just that drunk?" It seems as though Pansy is growing annoyed, but she continues, "My grandmother is Chinese, so we celebrate the Lunar New Year. The muggles celebrate it, but it started out as a magical holiday in China." "You're part Chinese? But I thought you were a pure-blood." "You can be a pure-blood and interracial. We're magical elitists, not racists." "Makes sense. Sorry to have bothered you. I'll be going..." He gets up and walks away, receiving the message that he isn't welcome company. Harry isn't sure why he felt the need to try to keep Pansy's attention. He's a few feet away from her now and stops to give her an over-the-shoulder glance to tell her, "but I meant it; you look beautiful in that dress." "Potter, wait!" He turns back around, and she continues, "Sorry to be such a bitch. I didn't mean it. My family just drives me mental. I had to come here for a drink after dinner to clear my head." "You're here alone?" "Yeah. This is the problem when all your friends are guys, and they want to have 'boys night.'" Pansy sounds upset that she was left out. "I could have asked Tori and Daphne to join me, but all they talk about lately are weddings." "You don't need to tell me. I'm ready to get it over with," Harry says. "'Get it over with?' How romantic of you,