Everlasting Promises – The Path Not Traveled Disclaimer: I don't own PJO. I also don't own "Everlasting Promises", Starblade176 does. (Thanks for allowing me to write this, though it's been sooooo long since I've asked.) A/N: So, like my disclaimer hinted, the title isn't a coincidence. Starblade176 had written a Pertemis fic and it's very nice (shame it's not yet completed). In fact, I liked it so much that I thought I could have a route branching off from it, but this time with a different goddess - Aphrodite. This takes Star's story as "canon" then branches off near the end of chapter14 of his story. I didn't take the whole of his story as is though. I changed some parts to it to fit mine. Anyway, I'm quite not sure if you need to read "Everlasting Promises" first before this, but if you haven't read it, and you're looking for a Pertemis fic, go read that. It's really great. Enjoy? Sighing for the umpteenth time that night, a voluptuous, curvaceous, sexy, beautiful, gorgeous, or whatever adjective there is on the dictionary that meant the same –because really, she still was the goddess of beauty– woman had turned on her bed once more. Aphrodite had been restless. For the past few weeks, she had kept on thinking about a certain immortal-turned demigod ever since her first request to him to rescue her daughter. It wasn't a secret that she had been trying to get his attention. Keyword: trying. On the first few days, she was only furious that someone – male especially – had been able to turn her down. She blamed that it was because he's grown powerful from Chaos's blessing. Hello, this was Chaos we're talking about! Creator of the universe. Most powerful being. She was only a goddess in comparison. But honestly, it wasn't the case. Contrary to popular belief, she doesn't use any of her powers to attract men; she was beautiful to begin with - attracting them was easy. So it hurt her pride that somebody was able to shun her – her beauty, her appearance, her whole self. Though she always made an excuse to others that it's because he's a demigod, or it's because of Chaos's blessing, or whatever she could say at the moment that he turned her down. She wouldn't admit her "defeat" in the matter. EVER. Long story short, she was furious that Percy shunned her, so she made it a challenge or game to win his heart. That's what it was supposed to be anyway. For every failed attempt at capturing his heart (or body), for every encounter she had with him, for every seemingly rude but gentle rejection he gave her, she fell for him deeper – the reason for trying changing ever slightly, day by day. And it's because she wasn't using her powers but trying for real that it hurt her more. Yet she had to continue playing it – to make it seem as if she was still just joking around. Because if she ever did tell him that she was being serious and he just shot it down like he usually did, she won't be able to take it. That's the one thing she disliked about being the goddess of love – it hurt her thrice as much, or at least that's how she thought it would be like since she's never truly fallen in love and gotten rejected before. He was the first. It was usually men chasing her, not the other way around. They were easy to catch, lure, play with. But he was different. So she'd continue to "play" it. After another count added to her sighs, she heard a knock on her palace's doors. "Oh goodie. He's here.", she said in a soft voice that could be happy and very well be sad at the same time. "Do we really have to be in this getup?", said a man wearing a dark green tuxedo, black khaki pants, and black leather shoes. "I am helping you, aren't I? Now do as I say.", said a woman wearing a gold printed, red halter V-neck cocktail dress, her arm hooked on the man's arm. The two entered a French restaurant that had a doormat that read "Daniel". The receptionist saw the hunk of a man first and her sight stuck to him like glue. She then asked if they had a reservation to which the man looked at the woman with him. "Aphrodite Jackson.", the woman told the receptionist. The receptionist eyed the woman with a bit of surprise. She then nodded and showed them to their table. As they were walking, the man nudged the woman beside him. "What's with the "Jackson"? And also, you didn't use your powers on her did you? She didn't even check if we really did have a reservation.", the man hissed in a whisper. "Relax will you. She's my son's girlfriend. She's completely mortal, so my son had introduced me to her as a celebrity before. She was told beforehand of this appointment and was told not to ask anything.", she answered as her hold on the man's arm tightened, making him feel more of her bountiful chest. The man didn't flinch nor feel embarrassed at what the woman was doing. Instead, his face turned stern as he asked his other question. "And the Jackson? What's up with that?" The question was left unanswered as they finally reached their private room. After the receptionist had left with the note Aphrodite handed her, Aphrodite started walking towards the table when she was forcibly stopped when her "date" wasn't moving a single step. She looked at him questioningly when she saw a tint of anger in his eyes. "You said that we infiltrated this restaurant to make sure that the apples are safely handed, and so that your son and I could get acquainted should there be problems later on. And also, you didn't answer my last question." Her brows eased, and with a smile, she answered sweetly, "We're already here, we might as well try the food you'd be eating right? You know, to know if the food really is up to your taste." She approached him, their faces almost touching when she added with seriousness and power in her voice. "And there's nothing wrong with using your surname. We don't have those after all." Her demeanor returned to her usual sweet and alluring self when she removed her arm from his and took a seat. After a few seconds, the man begrudgingly took his seat as well. "You were supposed to pull my seat for me. You're not going to impress Artemis that way." "I- I already knew that. You're not Artemis anyway…or whoever it is that I should be doing that to.", he said in mock anger, thinking that she's acting her usual self – on a plan to seduce him. He was surprised when for a moment, he felt her grief. He didn't see her expression; he just felt an overall shift with the atmosphere of the room. And it was not the usual dejection when he rejected her, but genuine sadness. He almost apologized when her mood shifted to her usual one. "Well, I guess being a maiden – she wouldn't really know how a date should be… and I already knew that. " The last line said in a whisper she thought he didn't hear. With that, they decided to wait in relative silence – with her fiddling the centerpiece on the table, and him thinking. "What did she mean by she already knew? Artemis being a maiden goddess? That she's not Artemis? Even for her, that's a bit too slow." A few minutes later, the food arrived one by one, and they started to eat. Another set of silent minutes, and Percy felt weird. Not the Aphrodite-rigged-the-food weird, but the there's-something-wrong weird. Aphrodite wasn't this quiet. It was always usually her trying to get him to bed her…or her bedding him – whatever; the point was, she wasn't acting like herself. Not like he knew how she truly acted, he argued to himself. Despite the obvious hate he showed her every time, he still respected the goddess to a certain degree. He knew first-hand how a woman was NOT to be treated, and despite her uh… easygoing disposition, he'd still feel bad if he had overstepped his boundaries. So despite not wanting to, he felt he should apologize. "Hey, I, uh…I'm so-", he was cut of his words when the door opened and a man wearing the restaurant's uniform entered after knocking. "Hey mom.", the guy greeted. "Hi dearie.", she kissed her son on the cheek, before she motioned to Percy. "Mr. Jackson.", he greeted with an outstretched hand. Percy shook it, and from there, they discussed what to do with the apples. Of course, he wasn't let on that they were actually Hera's golden apples; just apples from one of Demeter's garden. Aphrodite also made it a strict order NOT to do anything with the apples. She had said that she already applied her special lipstick on them so all he had to do was serve them. After a few more reminders, her son left the room. And shortly after, Aphrodite finally spoke to Percy. "I guess we should leave too.", she said as she stood, and started heading towards the door; leaving no room for argument. Percy, albeit confused with the lack of flirting coming from the goddess, followed suit. Percy was too confused to actually celebrate that for once, Aphrodite wasn't clinging to him too much. In fact, it worried him more - it was less scary if you knew where the spider was, rather than when it was hiding. He was taken out of his reverie when Aphrodite lead him into an alley. Thinking that she was finally going to do something to him; not that he was waiting for it to happen, mind you; he flinched and turned to face her when they appeared in a forest in a flash of pink light and smoke. "You did say that Artemis wanted you back right away, right?", she said the name of a certain moon goddess filled with distaste in an overall gloomy tone. Aphrodite was about the flash herself out when Percy grabbed hold of her arm. She looked at him with a raised eyebrow, waiting for him to say something. As she was about to pull her arm from him, he decided to voice the question that's been haunting his mind. "What are you up to?", he asked looking straight to her eyes, trying to find anything to hint him to an honest answer. "Excuse me?" "The moment we entered the VIP room, you've been acting "weird". You actually didn't try and do anything, much less touch me. And if you think that acting like this will change my mind about going to bed with you, then you're wrong." Aphrodite turned wide-eyed before going back to a solemn expression, giving Percy a soft sad smile, before flashing back to Olympus. The last words she said lingering in his mind for a while, before going back to Artemis. "I know." On the day that Percy and the Hunters were to kill Lamia, Aphrodite had been watching them. She watched the hunters pair Percy with Artemis, and was slightly surprised that the hunters were fine with Artemis going after a man. "As expected of you, Percy.", she said with a tinge of amazement and pride. After arriving at the nearest place that they could land without being noticed, she commented on the maiden goddess's choice of age to appear. "My dear sister, why would you choose that age while with him?! Take advantage of the fact that you could be misunderstood as a couple! He simply looks like a single father with many kids.", she said in mock anger. The love goddess's ranting only increased when a