The Cold and the Fire Under Earth, the story of a battle long untold As with most of my stuff, this was written for the Two Towers MUD game. It seemed decent enough to tidy up for general consumption. I suppose you've heard by now - Durin's Bane was a Balrog, and Mithrandir has slain it. I wish I had been there to witness such a battle; it must have been quite the sight. Wouldn't be my first time seeing the Balrog in action, though... For over a thousand years this story has gone untold. There has been no need to dishearten the free people of Middle-earth with wild stories of yet another deathless Maiar enemy (though, had I known of Balin's expedition, I would have warned him - and that has weighed heavily on me). Further would it be foolish to alert Sauron to the existence of a possible ally or pawn. In hindsight it seems likely that he knew of it. The fault, in any case, was not mine. For over a thousand years this story has gone untold, yet I remember every detail. I was not the sole survivor, nor am I deserving of any great praise. I am simply the last one left who can tell the whole tale as it happened, so listen, if you will. As I recall, my involvement started in Tharbad, back in T.A. 1981. Since the disintegration of Arnor regular traffic had dropped off, leaving it a rough-and-tumble frontier town, only nominally controlled by the South Kingdom. For a few weeks I'd been telling raucous tales of encounters with dragons and giant panthers in exchange for drinks. A travelling theatre troupe was also in town - "Oropher's Whimsy", I think they were calling themselves at the time, although the irony seemed lost on the Edain. The only one of them I had much contact with was a young Sinda named Galasdhil. He was a cocky bastard and I didn't much like him. His magic and his acting were both second-rate. Apparently his mother was half-Vanya; he'd inherited the blonde hair and superior attitude all at a stroke. That whole morning he'd been chattering on annoyingly while I tried to pry useful information out of a new arrival. Vorondil 'The Hunter' was the son of Steward Pelendur of Gondor. Next in line for the position, he was out trying to make a name for himself before being stuck with the hereditary responsibilities. From what I'd heard he was actually pretty good. He carried a horn from some beast he'd killed in Rhûn and habitually polished it as he talked. It was slightly distracting. "...Of course, the learned men of Gondor hold that the Lingwilóki is in fact a myth. After all, I've never killed one." "Despite that flawless logic, Dúnadan, I'm afraid you're wrong. Besides that, even the meekest dragon would make short work of you. They're no docile livestock out of the South, you know." Galasdhil sat back with a smug look. Rather than tell him exactly how he'd fare against one of Melkor's fire-drakes, I surreptitiously started the hem of his robe smouldering. Then something caught my attention. I don't think any of us had noticed when the dwarf entered. He certainly wasn't much to look at. As soon as he started tossing my name around, though, my ears perked up and I waved him over. Taking on an officious stance, he pulled a sealed scroll out of his satchel. "You..." He glanced around as though unsure, then continued, in Westron. "...are Meoita, I presume?" "You presume correctly. What can I do for you?" I recognized his accent - I'd had much to do with the dwarves of Khazad-dûm over the years and owed them a few favours. Handing me the scroll, he introduced himself. "Courier Eikin, Hands of the King. Your assistance is requested. Please." He gestured toward the scroll, which I opened and quickly skimmed. I hadn't seen an official letter of marque for quite some time. It granted me and 'parties to be determined' free travel and hunting rights... within Khazad-dûm. Most peculiar. What specifically caught my eye, though, was the signature. "King Náin." King? Vorondil, looking over my shoulder, immediately recognized the letter for what it was. "Surely you intend to include me in this? What is the target? When do we set out?" The dwarf looked at me questioningly, and I nodded. "An unknown... creature has appeared within our realm. It has so far resisted all attempts to kill it or drive it out. Civilian casualties... are significant. King Náin has heard that Meoita has a reputation for dealing efficiently with unconventional problems. Our methods being unsuitable to the situation, he is asked to assemble a team and attempt to deal with it." He seemed almost relieved to address this stiff little speech to someone other than me. "What of Durin?" I asked. The dwarf cast his eyes down. This was answer enough. "I don't understand," Galasdhil interjected while stomping out the fire on his cloak. "What sort of creature? And why would it be attacking dwarves?" "It is nothing we have seen before. Like the shadow of a man, with a great sword. It first appeared in the deep mines beneath Caradhras. We don't think it entered through the gates." I was unsure of what the messenger had described, but I could see Vorondil was not. His eyes had lit up like beacons and his hands twitched slightly. "I, for one, will not be left out of this. My blade is yours." Drawing his longsword, 'Shear', he laid it across the bar before us. It was easy enough to tell what he was thinking - that this was the Witch-King of Angmar making another play. If he could defeat the enemy who had eluded Eärnur, his name would become legend in Gondor. "I haven't been in the mercenary business for some time, Master Nogoth. What is being offered?" I probably would have lent a hand for free, given my history with the Dwarf kingdom, but there was no reason not to see what was on the table. "I have been instructed to tell you that if you are successful in destroying the creature or ejecting it from our realm, Náin is prepared to be most generous. He said you would know what that meant." Indeed I did. That was sufficient. "How long do I have to prepare and gather a team?" "Time is of the essence. No more than ten days." Galasdhil, who had thus far been uncharacteristically (and thankfully) mostly silent, asked, "Who in their right mind would agree to help you?" This was an apparent jab at Vorondil, but it gave me an ugly thought. "Oh, you'll be coming along. I'd hate to go into battle without YOUR special talents, which we've certainly heard enough about." Thus caught by his own boastfulness, he said nothing. Figuring out who else to invite wasn't difficult. At first, the prospect of facing an unknown foe in uncertain circumstances brought the Alchemist of Scary to mind. For a few years I'd leased a space down the road from him and we'd worked well together. Unfortunately, he was getting on in years and would baulk at speedy travel. "Archmage," I imagined him saying, "I did not live this long to go gallivanting across the countryside to my likely end. Thank you but no." I'd recently heard of a big, brutish fellow who lived just west of the Gap of Calenardhon. According to rumours, he had slain a hill-troll with his bare hands, among other feats. There was time enough to get word to him. Back during the resistance against the Númenóreans, I'd gained enormous respect for a Sinda named Tesica. She was one of the few survivors of that struggle whose whereabouts I still knew. She dwelt in the Eryn Vorn, one of the few isolated corners of the ancient woodlands we had managed to save. Her manner was thoughtful, frosty, and viciously effective. I hired another of the actors to fetch her by boat, if she'd come. Vorondil insisted on renting Eikin a room while we waited. Perhaps he was concerned that the opportunity would walk away along with the messenger. Although the courier promised us supplies when we arrived at Hadhodrond, I made certain preparations myself, cobbling together some flares and magical wards from what was on hand. Five days on, as I stood alone on the bridge (it was quite a sight, even for Mannish stonework) watching a light snowfall, Tesica arrived. She was as I remembered her - hair cut short like a boy's, poker-faced, cold and pale. She looked up from the dock, but strangely enough had no comment for me. No word had come yet from the barbarian of Calenardhon, but at Eikin's insistence we set out anyway. Each of us was geared in a different fashion. Vorondil bore his recurved bow and sword and wore a long hauberk of horn and boiled leather lamellae, hard as oak but light, and embellished with black spaulders. As of old, Tesica was dressed in glittering scale armour which oddly never made a sound. Along with her sabre she now carried a tapered rod; perhaps she'd learned a trick or two since we last met. I couldn't help but think that much of Galasdhil's gear was scavenged from the prop wagon. He's purchased one or two pieces in town, but they only served to increase the impression of patchwork. I of course brought my customary light maille and an Elven-steel blade. Something told me, though, that this wouldn't come down to swordplay. As we rowed through the Swanfleet Marshes, heading toward the Sirannon, I discussed the mission with Tesica. Her odd reticence of before loosened as she pensively scrutinized the horizon. Surprisingly, she wasn't expecting any great amount of compensation. She also didn't think highly of our chances. Unsure of why she was coming, I still wasn't about to question it. Her eyes following the watercourse up to the mountains. To see her, you'd swear her dispassionate gaze was likely to ice it over completely. "I was never comfortable underground, you realize," she murmured, in answer to some unspoken question. It was a lie, of course, but she was making conversation and I played along. "I'm sorry; perhaps we can request a change of venue. Doubt it, though... in my experience, mysterious spooks are like Lindon sherry. Neither travels well." "If your fighting skills haven't improved more than your humour, we're done for." I grimaced. "No reason to worry. You haven't gotten rusty, cloistered in your forest, have you?" "You haven't gotten rusty running your mouth in taverns, have you?" Tesica had never been overly subtle. "The young one's going to be a liability, you know." "It hasn't escaped my attention, but I wasn't depending on him for anything. And better that he first sees combat with us than with no-one competent." "Your benevolence knows no bounds." She snorted and turned to the tiller, effectively ending the conversation. A chilly breeze blew past and I tightened my cloak. Arriving at the landing nearest the West-gate, we were quickly ushered inside and instructed to report immediately to the Sixth Deep. Apparently the messenger's haste was warranted. After a few hours of rushed travel through side passages we took a cable lift an indeterminable distance down and marched on. Armed companies of dwarves were rushing about, apparently in the midst of a fighting withdrawal. The King's Bodyguard, easily distinguished by the massive build of its soldiers and the lethal look of their armaments, passed just by us. Náin was there, the only time I saw him as King. He lifted one hand in an archaic Indrafang salute. The others may have accepted it as simply that, but it silently communicated something Náin must have known I would find useful. The ring on his hand - Durin's Dwarf-ring - had not been taken when the old King