- Revolving doors --- Only the light of the stars guided Gimli's steps when the Fellowship approached the imposing walls of Moria. He was there, at long last! His breath hitched and, suddenly anxious, he raced to the forefront of the group, brushing against Frodo in his hurry. Gimli did not need to glance down to the hafling's pale face to know traces of fear marred his friend's features. None of them wished to enter this realm of whispered legend. None but I, Gimli son of Glóin. He was very much aware of the dark shroud of evil that had enveloped Moria ever since the awakening of Durin's Bane, and the subsequent flight of his people from the ancient halls they called home. Yet there was no place for apprehension in his mind and his spirit in this moment. His proximity to the fabled halls of Khazad-dum had kindled a great fire in his heart, one he did not intend to quench. To think that he, Gimli, would soon stand in the very place where Durin the Deathless had stood in the Age of the Stars! To think that he would have a chance to peer into the Kheled-zâram ! Never in his life did he imagine he would receive such a boon. Gimli pressed on - his feet followed the again narrow path, his back pressed lightly against the cliff wall. Slow minutes passed, the only sound to be heard that of his own feet, and those of his companions. A chill prickled at his spine at the unnatural silence. The path twisted and turned, and, suddenly, he saw it. The Hollin gate! The rapid beat of his heart thundered in his ears. The Doors of Durin were there, he knew, their secret waiting to be revealed. It will not be long, now. --- --- Tap ! Solid rock. Sighing, Gimli walked on, further along the wall, and tapped the stone with his axe again. Still, there was nothing. Indeed , he mused, dwarf-doors are meant to be invisible and so kept hidden from the eyes of the enemy . He did not deny the wisdom of it. But even the thought of the prudence of his forefathers did nothing to temper his growing impatience. Tap ! The elf was there as well, he saw, his ear pressed firmly against the stone wall. Did he think to find the entrance so? Gimli doubted it, but quickened his pace regardless – the notion of an elf besting a dwarf in matters of stone fueling his efforts. "Look!" he heard Gandalf say. "Can you see anything now?" He turned just in time to see the wizard glance up at the sky - a startled gasp tore from his throat as the moon revealed itself in all its majesty at Gandalf's unspoken command. The level of light intensified, but not all of it was coming from the brightness above. Silver lines formed along what had, seconds ago, been a wall of nondescript rock. Right before his eyes, a gateway appeared – a crown just under the arch, surrounded by the shapes of seven stars, and, beneath it, an outline of an anvil and a hammer. "There are the emblems of Durin!" he cried. "And there is the Tree of the High Elves!" said Legolas in answer. A dwarf and an elf crafted these gates together, long ago, Gimli recalled. He glanced at Legolas, who now stood next to the haflings, and shook his head once. Narvi and Celebrimbor, the two companions of old were called, and Gimli now wondered if the craftsman of Khazad-dum had found his elven friend as difficult to deal with as he found Legolas to be. Somehow, he doubted it – if it had been so, in all likelihood, the Doors of Durin would be missing their inscription. Gimli stepped forward. Soon, he would pass under that high arch and enter an ancient realm, one still remembered in his people's songs. A satisfied smile tugged at his lips. It will not be long, now. --- --- "Ando Eldarinwa a lasta quettanya, Fenda Casarinwa!" Another incantation . Gimli turned back, eyes on the stone door, hands pausing mid-motion. Perhaps, this was the correct one. A moment passed, and then another, but the door remained closed, gleaming in the darkness. A frustrated sound escaped him, and he reluctantly resumed sharpening the blade of his axe. The rough sharpening stone pushed inwardly from the cutting edge, guided by the dwarf's steady hand. When he smoothed out one of the few burrs that marred the surface of the weapon, Gimli paused again. An axe with a blunt edge becomes no more than an inefficient hammer, he knew, yet his mind would not concentrate on the task at hand. "We should have been on our way by now!" The words escaped him against his will. Aragorn looked up from sharpening his own knife. "Do not be so quick to wish it, Gimli," he said. "Who knows what awaits us when we pass through these gates?" "Better to face it sooner than later, then, if it cannot be helped." Gimli's hands lead the stone to the cutting edge again. "There is truth in what you say," Aragorn nodded and fixed his keen eyes on him. "But it is not the sole reason for your impatience." Balin . Was he even among the living? Thirty years had passed already since his cousin's departure from Erebor, and news of him had become scarce. Gimli still hoped to put his mind at ease regarding his cousin's safety. "No," he admitted at length. "It is not." He glanced at the door again – a light touch on his shoulder, and he turned to see Aragorn stand beside him. "You will find your answers there, friend." Aragorn gestured at the looming walls. "I only pray that they do not grieve you much." " Mellon ," the wizard's voice rang. The doors were opening. --- The sound of approaching footsteps grew louder, and Kalista's hand paused, mid-motion, before finally reaching for the half-opened door. She traced the surface of it, with just the tips of her fingers, carefully – it felt smooth against her callused skin. A sudden gust of wind pushed against the door, but she held it in place, lightly, and inhaled a mouthful of the crisp night air into her lungs. A lingering scent carried on the breeze – it drifted into the corridor, and she froze again. They were outside. What if they find her? There is still time, if I leave now. The thought did not have the desired effect, but caused a familiar excitement to course through her veins instead. So what if they find her? A part of her would welcome the simplicity of a fight – provided it was one she could win. The scent intensified as they drew nearer. How many of them were there? I am tired of hiding. One step forward, one push against the door, and she would be in plain sight – one way or the other, it would be over. Kalista withdrew her hand and took a step back instead. And another one after that, step after step down the derelict corridor, until she came to a vacant room. A large hole in the wall stood in place of a window. The surrounding buildings were not particularly high – and all of them on the level with this one. If she could climb up the fire escape… There ! Kalista scrambled up, quietly. Once on the roof, she ran across the length of it and jumped the short distance to the connecting building. After reaching the end the last roof-top – the seventh in a row and nearer to the ground than any of the ones before – she jumped down and landed in a sparsely-lit alleyway. Nearby, another door creaked open – she turned, muscles relaxed and ready. An orange colored cat ran pass her, hissing as it knocked over a half-empty garbage can. Did they follow? She couldn't smell them anymore. Kalista closed her eyes and listened, still undecided. There was only silence. Tomorrow, or the night after that, the vampires would come again. But, for now, she had wasted enough time being prey. Kalista broke into a run again, and the hunt began anew. The night was quickly drawing to its end, with the Polgara still on the loose; barely an hour ago she had discovered the bloody remains of its last victim. A small brick wall – two by two, chipped in places. Ordinary grey brick. The drying blood that covered it made it seem almost black in the dark, the patches of grey far and few in between. The body itself was hardly recognizable as human anymore. The man's severed head lay some feet away – long strands of grey-streaked hair fell over the mutilated features and hid them from sight. Bloodshed aside, a part of her admired the Polgara's weapons: retractable bone blades that sprung from its forearms at will. It was an efficient killer. The clear lines of the demon's weapons could still be seen amidst the mass of other, gorier injuries – it had taken no more than three slashes to dismember the body. The rest was done post mortem and not by the Polgara. A reluctant search of the remains had confirmed what she knew already: the heart and the lungs were missing. Two hours till sunrise . Kalista picked up speed. At the next crossroad, she came to a sudden halt. Two boys who looked no older then eighteen walked up and down a well-lit part of the sidewalk. A girl sat on a beat-up bench not fifteen feet away; she looked even younger. Flesh for hire . The bruise that covered half of the girl's face was clearly visible, even in the dim light. Other than that, the streets seemed deserted. That alleyway, there – that was where she needed to go. A sudden movement caught her eye, and Kalista turned to see a man stumble and then lean heavily on the railing across the road. He clutched at his chest, falling to his knees, then, with a shuddering groan, slid slowly on to the ground. Kalista hesitated. The alleyway began just where he slumped to the floor. She would have to go past him. On the first step he called out to her and moaned on the second. His agony brushed her mind, muted and brief. A moment passed before her feet moved, more of their own accord than by a conscious choice. Swearing softly, she crouched next to the man. Souls below ! He reeked of a combination of dirt, grime and bodily fluids that had at least a few days to marinate, and absorb in to the skin and clothes, which were no more than tethered rags. Kalista guessed his age as late twenties, but his weathered face looked somewhat older. The sleeve of his right arm rolled up well past the elbow, and a brief glance at the needle marks there proved her suspicion right – a junky. She listened to his labored breath and the rapid beat of his heart; it was only a matter of time before he went into cardiac arrest. Did she even care? Kalista looked up. The hooker in the corner deliberately avoided meeting her eyes, and the two boys were rapidly backing away. Possibly, they had the right idea. He had done this to himself. When Kalista started to rise, a sudden pressure at her ankle froze her in place. Pain and fear – not her own – welled up inside her. Stepping back, she escaped the touch – the borrowed feelings subsided, fading into the background, a faint echo easily ignored. "H…help…me," the dying man managed to choke out, before taking a series of shallow breaths. He shook visibly. The smell of fear suddenly covered even the stench of his clothes – a part