A/N: *Group hug!* I'm so excited to be posting this story! I never thought I'd be one of those authors who posts a story about an original character in a fanfic universe, but hey. Anything can happen. You'll see a lot of the characters from the previous stories, but there's also going to be some pretty important new ones. It is rated M for language, and lots of it. Someone inherited her daddy's dirty mouth. Also for some spatters of violence in later chapters. And underage drinking. Possibly sexual situations, but I haven't decided yet. As far as the length of the story is concerned, I honestly don't know yet. I've gotten a few chapters written, and the story is all outlined in my head. I would say it'll be somewhere between the lengths of FHL and GMAS. I'm sure that helps tremendously :) Thanks so much to WolfGirl1335 for pre-reading. Love ya, girlie! As usual, I don't own the recognizable characters. Enjoy! In This Skin Chapter One Just a Game I don't know where I am I don't know this place Don't recognize anybody So homesick I can't feel -Just a Game – Birdy Josie I didn't want to get up. I smacked the snooze button on my alarm three times in a row just to shut the damn thing up. I groaned when my phone alarm went off. My awake self was much more responsible than my sleepy self and knew how much it would take to get me up, especially today. I squeezed my eyes shut and finally slid out of bed. I got my phone off my desk and turned the sound off. After a stretch, a yawn, and a serious contemplation of getting back in bed, I shook my head and opened my door. I smiled at the smell of pancakes. The house was unfamiliar to me. I'd only moved a total of two times in my whole life. I was happy to do it the first time because it meant I got my own room again. This time I only went along with it because I knew I had no choice. My younger brother Eli was having an easier time with it, but that was probably because he could move around during the day here and not fry. Poor guy got Mom's photosensitivity. I gave him shit about it, but I'd fuck someone up if they tried to do the same. As I walked down the hall toward the stairs, I looked at the blank walls. It bothered me. I knew Mom would soon have her pictures up, but right now all the white was creepy. I yawned again and ran my fingers through my hair. "Josie!" Mom hollered. I smirked. She really thought I could hear her all the way back in my room. "Come get some breakfast." I nodded to myself and bounced down the stairs. Eli was already at the table inhaling his food. I ruffled his hair as I passed behind him. "Slow down, Shithead. Don't choke." He glared at me with a mouthful of food. "Shu-upfh." He was so cute when he tried to act tough. "Both of you stop," Mom said. She set my plate down for me. "Good morning, honey." I sat down and started to slather my pancakes with butter. "Thanks, Mom." "You're welcome. Are you ready for school today?" I groaned. Why did she have to bring that up? "No." My first day of tenth grade wasn't exactly on my to-get-excited-about list. She sat next to me and leaned on her elbows on the table. "I know it's hard, honey. This move has been hard for all of us." I snorted. "Then why did we even do it?" I knew why. Mom had lived practically her whole life indoors because of her condition. If that wasn't reason enough, throw Eli into the mix. Mom didn't want him to have to hide the way she had to. She wanted him to be able to go outside and play for a little while, and he couldn't do that in Phoenix where you could fry an egg on the sidewalk at noon. So we found the polar opposite and moved to Seattle where it rained nine days a week. I knew it was hard on my parents, but sometimes I wondered if they even thought about what I wanted. I'd had to leave all of my friends because of my mom and my irritating little brother. It wasn't fair of me to think like that, but that didn't change how I felt. "You know why." She stood up and kissed my head before she went back to the kitchen. I finished my breakfast in silence while I watched Eli. He looked so much like the pictures of Dad at that age, aside from his skin. He was a little darker than Mom, but still really pale. He was only a few months away from turning eleven. He looked more like a twelve-year-old. He was taller that most kids his age, and his face looked like a little monkey. He was adorable until he was annoying, which was most of the time. I really hoped he did okay in school. He was going to start fourth grade, the little twerp. I remembered helping our parents get him ready for first grade. He'd looked at me with big eyes and asked me if he'd see me in the lunch room. I'd hated having to tell him no. I had been starting seventh grade in the junior high. Now I was going into tenth grade, and I was pretty sure I was more afraid than he was. I wished I was still in Phoenix where I could have 7some friends help me feel not so intimidated by the older students. I looked up when Dad came in the room. I was a little surprised; I thought he'd already gone to work. He was helping set up the new branch of Clearwater Construction. He said good morning to everyone, kissed Mom, and sat down at the table with a cup of coffee. "Ready for school?" He asked Eli. He smiled and nodded. "I'm kind of nervous, though." Dad nodded. "I know, it's kind of scary. Just remember how awesome you are, okay?" He held out his fist and Eli bumped it. Eli grinned. "Okay." Dad looked at me. "What about you?" I raised an eyebrow. "What about me?" "School? Tenth grade? New city? New state ? How are you doing?" I rolled my eyes. "I'm peachy." He hummed. "Yeah, I can see that. It'll get easier. Just give it a chance, okay?" I sighed and nodded. "Yeah." After breakfast, I went to take a shower and get ready for the day. I grumbled at myself for not doing more over the last week to unpack and put my shit away. I really didn't like getting my clothes out of a suitcase. I decided I'd do that when I got home. It was a short day anyway. I got dressed in my comfortable jeans with a purple, low-cut but not slutty babydoll shirt. I went back to the bathroom to do my makeup and my hair. I'd thought about dying it a few times, but then I would decide that I did like the almost-orange color. Not a lot of people had it, and if they did, it usually wasn't natural. I kind of liked being unique like that despite the ginger jokes I had to endure. I put it up in a clip and called it good. I was getting my shoes on when Eli came down the hall and knocked on the door frame. "Mom wants to know if you're about ready to go." "Yeah, just about." I looked over at him and almost laughed. His hair had been done up in spikes like he was trying to look cool. "Did Mom do your hair?" He shook his head. "Dad did. It's awesome, right?" I stood up. "Sure it is, kid." I got my backpack that I'd already gone through and packed the night before and slipped it onto my shoulders. I followed Eli downstairs where Mom was waiting to take Eli to school and me to hell. If I'd thought junior high was big, I was so not prepared for high school. The place was a damn rat maze. I fought my way through the crowds to get to the office where I had to wait in line to get my schedule. The lady behind the desk looked frazzled by the time I made it. I told her my name and what I needed. She typed it into the computer and sighed after a minute. "I can't find you." she snapped. "Try Josephine Black," I snapped back. I hated having to give my full name. Why couldn't school records have my nickname? She gave me a look I could only assume was meant to convey her unending disdain of teenagers and typed my name into the computer. Without a word, she gave me a few papers with my schedule, my locker number and combination, and a map of the school. I took them and walked out. It wasn't hard to find my locker with the map. I opened it and groaned when I realized I had a locker-mate. A prissy one, from what I could tell from the amount of pink and fluff stuffed in the bottom half. I took what I needed from my backpack and put it in the top. People were everywhere. I wasn't sure why I found it odd that they didn't seem that different from people in Phoenix. There was a wide variety, but it seemed they would group together in similars. There was a group of what I assumed to be cheerleaders standing by a few lockers. They were all disgustingly thin with big boobs and dressed in tiny clothes. Surrounding them were the prick jocks in their uber-fancy jeans that were just like every other jeans but expensive. The nerdy kids were all hunched together around their laptops and iPads and various other gadgets I'd probably never understand. Then there were the so-called outcasts who grouped together and considered themselves so different from everyone else. How could one be an outcast if they still belonged somewhere? I felt like screaming when I pushed for the millionth time. I pushed back and ignored the person when he swore at me. Yeah, well, watch yourself next time, asshole. My first class was math, which I considered to be torture. How could anyone actually expect my brain to function this early? It was just rude. Thankfully the first day was just introduction and shit. Every single teacher used my full name in the roll call, and I was quick to correct all of them. As far as I was concerned, my name was not Josephine. I did my best to ignore the other students. Somewhere inside me, I knew I should accept what was and open up to meet new people, but I didn't want to. I wanted to go back to Arizona and make fun of Mr. Lards the science teacher with my friends Kaylie and Micah. The day didn't turn out that bad. It would have been worse if we'd had to start in the middle of the school year. People still knew that I was new and had to know where I was from. They wanted to know what it was like in Arizona, and I just told them it was hot. I wasn't in the mood to make friends. "How was school?" Mom asked when I got in the car after school. I shrugged. "I survived it." She smiled. "Did you make any friends?" "Yeah, Mom. It was my first day, but already half the school is my friend." She sighed. I looked over at her. She was giving me her famous sad-and-slightly-disappointed look. "What?" Her lips pursed. "Josie, I'm sorry we