Soon after returning from the Volturi, Bella makes the life altering decision to leave Edward believing that she unable to trust him anymore. Ready to move on with her life, she returns to her safe harbour Jacob. While it all the piece of the puzzle seems to fit into place, the perfect family unit is ready to crack. Their eldest daughter, Olivia, seeks adventure feeling trapped in her world. Times are changing and Olivia see's more than a challenge in the bronzed hair boy. The most complicated triangle we have seen set has been set in motion. Is there any room for love in natural enemies? Welcome to Tempting Fate. A/N: this story is purely a fan fiction, intended solely for the enjoyment of the readers. It is not intended to infringe on any copyrights held by Stephenie Meyer or Little, Brown and Company. Any original story directions and plotlines herein are the property of the author. Prologue The Untold Truth B.P.O.V Never before had I felt so trapped, so confined and alone. My heart was erratic; beating so fast I thought it was going to fly out of my chest. My heavy eyes drooped trying to drag me to sleep, but I had fought with all my will to stay awake. I had to think. He watched me with careful eyes, carved out of stone. Edward hadn't said another word to me since we had taken our seats on the plane, though his eyes never left me, his mind wandered far from here. But, maybe it would be better this way. The more distance there was the easier it would be for me to understand that he would leave me. My eyes drifted once again to look around the plane, trying desperately to think of anything than the fast approaching future. I watched as the flight attendants went past wearing their dull blue and off-white uniforms, carrying stale smelling food to every passenger on board, with the exception of two. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Edward move to stare out of the frost covered window before sighing heavily, closing his eyes and leaning back on the chair. Glancing behind me I saw Alice doing the exact same thing her eyes tightly shut leaning back in the uncomfortable chair. I wanted to scream ' Will someone please talk to me!', but I wasn't even sure they would hear me. I squeezed my temples; my body was screaming was sleep as there was only so much of this anyone could take. In protest, I took another sip of the overly sweet coke, the sugar and caffeine were the only two things that kept me awake as my mind pleaded with me to let it rest and that everything would sense in the morning. If only I could have believed that. Edward began to trace random patterns over and over my the back of my hand leaving icy trails of fire across my skin. As I opened my eyes I saw that he was looking at me with such intensity that it made me feel self conscious. My heart stepped up a gear which was what I really didn't need. He moved his right hand from his lap and ever so delicately cupped my cheek like I was the most precious thing in the world. On instinct I leaned into his hand, the coldness it carried felt so comforting, so familiar. His thumb traced the pattern of my lips over and over. Such a simple gesture meant the world to me. However the whole time I kept thinking ' Why is he doing this to me, making it so much more difficult for me to let go?' Going against my better judgment I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, drowning in his sweet scent. ' God they should bottle this stuff,' I thought to myself. "Bella, please say something." My eyes flew open, unsure if he had actually spoken since the words had been just a whisper. "Please," he breathed. I looked at him stunned and tried to remember how to form words. "I-I don't know what you want me to say." "I want you to tell me what you're thinking..." I took his hand and removed it from my cheek and entwined our fingers together keeping my eyes locked on them as I spoke. "I'm trying to believe that all this is real, that I really flew to Italy and survived the impossible. Also that you," I paused for a moment to catch my breath. "That you are really here." He breathed a slow, sad sigh. "Bella I...yes that all really did happen and I am only here alive because of you," he pulled my hand from his and rested his head in his hands. "If I just hadn't been so stupid you wouldn't have had to gone through any of that." It seemed like he had spoken his last words more to himself than me. There was a long uncomfortable silence before he finally spoken again. "This is all my fault I should have never have left you but I didn't think I had any other choice." He lifted his head and cupped my face in his hands resting his forehead against mine. "I lied and I'm so sorry...so...so...sorry" he whispered his cool breath caressing my face. "Edward I don't understand, lied about what?" My breathing was ragged. "I lied when I left you and have done every single day since then. The day I left was the worst day of my entire existence, as you were the only thing that made life worth living," he paused for a moment before continuing. "The day I left you apart of me died, my still heart was torn to shreds as I saw the look in your eyes that showed me you were believing everything word that I said." "It never made sense for you to want to be with me," I whispered more to myself than him. Slowly my brain began to work again and I realized what he was telling me. "Hold on a minute... you lied to me ?" "Of course I lied, I had to lie. The very thought that I could ever stop loving you is unthinkable." I just stared at him wide eyed as I tried to make sense of what he was telling me. "I thought I was doing the right thing giving you the chance at normal human life, you didn't need me destroy that chance for you." "You lied to me." Somehow those were the only words I could say. "Bella you have to understand I thought..." "You thought what Edward? You thought that you could just pack up and leave and suddenly my life would be back to the way it was," I hissed. I soon realized I had spoken to loudly as people began to turn and look at us, so I kept my voice low from there on in. "Edward I loved you, don't you have any idea what that means? It meant I would do anything for, you were my whole world...I looked at you in awe," I shook my head in total disbelief. "When you left me I not only lost you but I lost everything, the whole life I had planned out for myself. Now you are trying to tell me that I went through hell and back all because you lied. How can you expect me to believe this?" "Bella I'm sorry I didn't..." "You didn't what? Bother to consider my feelings or ask me how I felt." Tears spilled down cheeks but Edward tenderly wiped them away. Somehow I gained enough courage to look up into his eyes and what I saw nearly destroyed me. Bottomless pools of loss and aching sadness. An almost perfect mirror image to how I felt inside. His own breathing was ragged. I closed my eyes and lent against his hand and just for a second I could believe that everything was fine. But I knew it wasn't. The hole in my heart was still there festering away ready to rip itself open at any giving moment. Neither spoke for a long time after that but the silence grew yet again uncomfortable. Edward was the one to finally break the silence. "Bella..." He took one slow breath before undoing my seatbelt and lifting me into his lap. He cradled me in his arms clutching me to his chest while I buried my face in the crook of his neck. Gently he hummed my lullaby in my ear and I tried to hold myself together. Never before had I been happier that Edward could read my mind as I need this time to think. So many thoughts were flying through my head at once that I couldn't think straight I needed fresh air to breath but that wasn't an option. Then one thought came into my head that made everything seem so clear; 'how badly have I hurt the people around me for him...? In my mind I could picture only one thing, the image of Jacob's face when I chosen to safe Edward over him. How many more times could I go through this? I opened my eyes to look at Edward's glorious face. He was here but not real, to perfect to be true, just a fantasy. I reached out and touched his satin smooth cheek and at once his smouldering charcoal eyes open looking directly into mine. My breath caught in my throat and my heart was aching of the truth. Right then I was realising what I should have realized long ago. Love meant two completely different things to me and Edward, and he was not what I needed in my life. He was the untouchable dream and Jake was the solid rock, always constant and always there. I sighed heavily and felt the tears whelm up in my eyes again. "Bella." I looked away from Edward eyes but he tilted my chin up. "Bella please look at me I have spent to long without your beautiful face." "Edward I'm...sorry" I whispered under my breath. "Bella you have nothing to apologize for, absolutely nothing, I am the one that destroyed everything we had but if you give me that chance I want to make it right. To prove to you that you are my whole world." His kind words were absolutely killing me and then he asked me: "Am I to late Bella?" I stared down at the blue carpeted floor of the plane. "Yes," I whispered though I nearly choked on the word. Silently I stood from his lap and sat down on the aisle seat leaving one space between us, though it may as well have been a million miles apart. The silence that surrounded us was deafening. I could already feel part of my heart beginning to break but something at the back of mind kept telling that leaving him was the right thing to do. If we were meant to be together then why would we have gone through all that sorrow and agony in the first place? Even if we were together this would always be our downfall, always in the back of our minds and always plaguing our hearts. ~o~ It was a long time before we finally touched down in Seattle and it felt like an even longer one to Port Angeles. We still barely spoke, only simple, pleasant words and gestures as Edward was always the gentleman. As we exited the airplane, Alice moved ahead of us, leaving me and Edward to awkwardly walk side by side. Neither of knowing what to say or whether or not we should even say anything. As we became nearer the exit I spotted his family in the distance, the whole family together just as I remembered them, a picture of pure beauty. Alice had already reached them and had her arms wrapped around Jaspers tall frame.