(Do not own Percy Jackson all credit goes to the person who made it so anyway this is my version of Percy Jackson so please enjoy) Happiness? Kindness? Joy? Those are just foolish things to believe in while most believe on it some do not in this world... a silly thing to believe in if you were forced to live an abused life without help or care. Please all of that is just Crud that is etched deep into the earth beneath one boy's feet, A boy who barely knows what happiness is from the moment when his mother decided to give him a baby sitter. "HeHeh he he that's what you get brat for not listening to me" A slightly older man said with a lecherous grin as he put back his belt and pants on leaving a slightly bruised, horrified and half naked boy behind laying in the kitchen in the ground sobbing. "H-He hurt me" The young Percy whimpered as he suddenly froze as his eyes started to lose their innocent shines as some remained in him a bit as he was traumatized by the event that happened to him. Let me introduce you all to Percy Jackson A. K. A. The Expressionless Boy, He was just a normal kid who was living with his mom, He doesn't know who his dad was as his mother always avoid the topic so anyway he started to survive with a crappy life living with his new bastard of a sitter Gabe. He was abused by the guy ever since childhood life but somehow Percy was somehow able to deal with it. The abuses however in time got so bad that it had already started wiping away any emotions off from his face as he then lived a stoic life while his mother Sally just thought the reason why her son was acting like this was because he was going into a phase in life as a teenager. So anyway onto the story a couple of years later... "This is a complete waste of time" Percy stated in a bored tone to himself as he was with his classmates in a museum for God's sake, He could be at home playing his video games but no he had to go back to high school Yancy today "Stupid Gabe!" Percy muttered out loud in an emotionless voice. But what he didn't know was that his voice was actually heard by almost everyone in the area when Mr. Brunner stopped at his story. Even when the other kids were looking at him funny Percy just remained his stoic self. "I'm sorry Mr. Jackson did you say something?" Mr. Brunner asked with an annoyed tone as he was interrupted from his story about the gods. "No everything is alright Sir" Percy said unemotionally while Mr. Brunner flinched at his tone "What is wrong with him?" Mr. Brunner muttered as he eyes the one called Percy Jackson. He doesn't know a lot of things about the boy except that he was like an emotionless drone of some sort, The boy barely reacts to anything surprising or just plain weird always acting as if everything is alright or it's just normal. Mr. Brunner coughed into his hand as he pointed to one of the pictures that were being displayed on the stele "Mr. Jackson if you're not busy I hope that you could at least tell us about this picture?" He asked the boy as Percy turned to stare at the picture with an expressionless face. After observing the picture Percy answered him "That is Kronos who is also a Titan, He was a very powerful man who holds power above anything else... After finding out that his children might overpower him he decided to get rid of them by swallowing them alive but what he didn't know was when he went to swallow the last child, His wife Rhea switched the last child who was Zeus with a rock as the Titan swallowed it without a single look" Percy answered him with a bored expression on his face while the boys were listening on with amazement while the girls were making disgusting sounds when they heard that the father swallowed the children. "Heh excellent Job Mr. Jackson now everyone" Mr. Brunner stated off as he looked at his watch "It is now lunch time now all of you could walk around the place but meet back in this exact location" When he finished talking the class immediately scrambled into different directions with the guys acting like kids as the girls were most likely heading towards the gift shop. "Now" Percy looked around "Where the hell is Grover" He muttered as he started walking in his direction when he was stopped by a voice "Mr. Jackson" Percy turned around as he stared up to his teachers kind eyes. "I'm proud of you for answering my question without hesitating so you could now run along and join the others for lunch" Mr. Brunner stated as Percy nodded to him slightly as the teacher passed him. *sigh* Percy left the area as he went to the towards the other students who were in the front of the museum while walking forward he couldn't help but listen over into a radio that was broadcasting the weather " This is News reporter Janet here and we are expecting bad weather across the area as a big storm is heading towards us " Percy stopped listening as he walked out of the museum and look up at the sky. "The clouds are getting darker" Percy muttered as he eyes the clouds normally clouds get dark but not as black as night dark, He also started noticing the water in the area always shaking but nobody noticed it all except him of course. "Hey Percy!" A cheerful voice called out to him as Percy turned to the side with a nonchalant look as he eyes the person who called him, The figure was a brown crippled teen who currently had a large smile on his face. "Grover" Percy said with his usual tone as some students near by him flinched well all except Grover who still had a smile on his face as Percy walked over to him. He wouldn't call him a friend just a mere acquaintance of course but Grover thinks of Percy as a friend. "Hey dude where were you" Grover asked with a curious tone as Percy merely looks at him in a blank state "I was talking to Mr. Brunner" "Oh" Grover said with a face of realization as they just stood standing next to each other in silence. Percy then took an apple out of his pocket and was going to take a huge bite of it until he noticed that Grover was eyeing the apple while drooling a bit on the corner of his mouth so with a sigh he tossed the apple to Grover who snapped out of his gaze and caught it. "Percy are you sure I mean if your hun- Before Grover could finish it the boy immediately chomped down onto the apple and started eating it in high speeds while Percy just rolled his eyes at him either way Grover will just eat it when he laid his hands into it "Hay Jackson" Percy turned around to see the school's bully Nancy Bobofit who came toward him and Grover with her friends. "What is it you want?" Percy stated without looking back at her as Nancy shuddered in excitement a bit from his tone while her friends could be seen giggling at her reaction Let it be known to a lot of people that Nancy is the girl who likes bad boy types. Nancy could bully and get rid of anyone she wants yet Percy Jackson was one boy who always manage to take it without crying like a kid, She views Percy as a man who doesn't care where the road takes him in life. She doesn't really consider Percy as a person all she could think of him is a challenge to overcome unlike the other girls who had tried to flirt with him Percy would immediately brush them off without a single glance. She thought that seducing him would be a piece of cake and prove the girls wrong that this loser could be seduced but sadly she was wrong as she was ignored, The reaction from it was of her constant bullies of him but Percy always manage to keep the same look on his face as he ignores the bully. She admires him for dealing with all her bullying so she decided to try and make him hers even if he doesn't want to be. "Hey Percy" Nancy purred as she hugged Percy from behind while Percy remained stoic with a twitching eye I mean doesn't she ever stop at trying to seduce him, He just sighs as he just wish that she could just go away. As if thinking of that Nancy and her friends were suddenly pulled away from Percy by a force as the boy in question didn't even turn back to them not that he cares or anything as he heard water splashing. Some kids nearby who saw the scene were like "Dude what was that?" "Did the water grab them?" "Damn are they wet!" The boys and girls made their own comments about it with the girls questioning on what happened while the boys were admiring the girls who were wearing wet clothes that showed off their skin. Percy shook his head in disgust that the boys in his class are so perverted sometimes "Although" Percy thought as he glanced at the wet Nancy whose bra was showing a bit near the water fountain "It's not that bad" He thought with a stoic expression but a hint of pink dust could be seen on his cheeks and that's when the other teacher Mrs. Dodds came over and rushed to Nancy's and her friends side with extra clothes that she somehow got from nowhere. She then came over to Percy and was about to give out a punishment but before she could talk Grover immediately jumped right in front of her with a hard look on his face "Mrs. Dodds please punish me instead Percy didn't do anything because I pushed Nancy and her friends into the water fountain" Grover said as he closed his eyes with a smile gladly knowing that his best friend will be okay while Percy... "Yeah it was all him punish him good for justice alright" Percy yawned out without looking at them while Mrs. Dodds and Grover sweat dropped, For Mrs. Dodds she was sure that Percy pushed them while with Grover this time around. Grover grew a tick mark as he faced/twisted his crippled body to look at Percy "Damn it Percy don't you care about me!" Grover couldn't help but scream comically at him for at least not caring about his well being while Percy just rubbed his head as he faced the screaming boy. "OH... You're still here" Percy said with eyes expecting to see the walking Grover being taken away but before Grover could say something again Mrs. Doss decided to cut in "Percy come with me" and with that she started walking into the museum. So Percy followed after her but while walking he started to notice Grover's worried eyes and Percy raised an eyebrow "He seems scared No... Almost frightened... What could be the problem?" He thought as he went inside the building and towards the Greek and Roman section. He then started to notice that the area was completely empty "Something's wrong here" He thought silently because before there used to be a lot of people in this section and now it was empty almost like a ghost sanctuary. "So Percy Jackson" Percy looked up just to see Mrs. Dodds walking up to a statue as she then