Katniss doesn't know why she's holding onto Peeta's arm so tightly. Does she think she can really keep him here if he doesn't want to be? But even after she's aware of her white fingers wrapped around his arm, the way she's creating red bruises in his skin, she can't release him. "We have to go," she says. "Now!" She feels as if she's shouting, like she's drunk as Haymitch and can't quite hear properly anymore, so everything comes out loud and overly insistent. And Peeta's already agreed, anyway. As if he would have done anything else… At least not while the crazy girl's still talking, Katniss thinks. Better to go still and quiet until the danger's passed, which Peeta is doing very well. Peeta has excellent survival instincts. And, unlike Katniss, he has been able to survive not only the games and the daily difficulties of life, but has done so without compromising his integrity. That's why Peeta is more popular. Katniss might be the one people think of when they think of rebellion, but it's Peeta they love. Peeta with his soft voice and his way with words. He'd make the devil nervous. Katniss has no skills of persuasion. She only has her belief that it's the only option, and her fear. Always the fear. She's the worst kind of coward, always looking out for her own skin. But she doesn't know how to be any other way. "Sure," Peeta says, carefully. "We can do that." Katniss nods, only slightly mollified. "It's the only way," she says, as if Peeta is arguing. "Okay," Peeta says. Suddenly, irrationally, Katniss is angry. She's angry with Peeta and his soft, hypnotic voice, how he makes everything so easy. It's not like that with Gale. Going up against Gale is like slamming into a wall, then having to climb up it, only to discover once you've reached the top that the wall has risen higher. It's not that Peeta is weak, exactly. Katniss searches frantically for what exactly is wrong with Peeta, what offends her so profoundly about his agreeableness. Certainly he's disagreed with her before. Hasn't he? Yes, in the Games, she thinks. He didn't want you to go to the Cornucopia to get the medicine... remember? But another memory immediately intrudes: Yes, and remember how nicely you disregarded his opinion by doping him into unconsciousness? She grits her teeth. It was necessary! I had to do it. I had to… Maybe, her conscience concedes. But you certainly took the easiest route, didn't you? As opposed to, you know, talking to him or something… She looks up into Peeta's face. He's not very tall, actually. Maybe only a couple of inches above her. She rather likes that, now that she's aware of it, how she can almost look him directly in the eye. With Gale she'll forever be looking up, straining to catch the lightning flashes of emotion on his face. Gale is as easy to read for Katniss as she is for him. They are alike, so similar they could pass as brother and sister. Both bad liars, their faces open to the world, angry at the world and wanting everyone to know it. Peeta's different in that way, too. His expression almost always placid, like the surface of an unfamiliar pond: it looks safe, but how deep it is who could say? Maybe it comes from being a baker. Having to smile all day at hungry and haggling customers, always trying to get a penny less when you've already been as accommodating as the bottom line will allow. Or his mother…. That horrible woman. Even now Katniss doesn't like her, knowing she bet against her own son. Money has done nothing to improve her morals and she still talks to Peeta as if he's rather slow in the head. Katniss tries to imagine what it must have been like for Peeta, living in a house with a violent mother and an indifferent father. You probably couldn't show much of what you were thinking. Probably couldn't let down your guard. If you did, it'd be used against you, wouldn't it? Get you called all kinds of things. Didn't matter if they were true or not, either, not after you got called them enough. You'd start to believe it. Of course you would. When your own mother was calling you worthless... and who would know better than her? Katniss knows at least this much is true. Because she's been at least peripherally aware of Peeta her whole life. The boy with the bread. The boy whose friends don't come to his house. The screaming harridan out on the Mellark front lawn waving an iron skillet. It had almost been a joke, really. Had Katniss ever laughed? The sick twist in her gut conjures no specific memories, but tells her that she might have. She can say this much for her own family: they've never thought of her as worthless. She's too good of a shot. "What're you thinking?" Peeta says. His voice snaps Katniss back into the present. "Nothing," she says automatically and lets go of Peeta's arm as if it's the most repulsive thing to her. Any idiot could see that she's lying but Peeta doesn't pursue the topic. He just looks at her. Katniss can't hold his gaze when he is this close, and she looks down. Sees the damage she did to his arm, the angry explosions of color. Does he even feel it? You would never know with him. "Do you - should I tell my family?" Peeta asks, for the first time looking uncertain. "I don't think they'll want that…" Katniss doesn't know if he means they won't want to come with them, or won't want to know what happened to their youngest son. "It's up to you," she says, taking refuge in the vague. "They'll be in danger no matter what." And it's with that realization that she falters in her plan. Taking Gale's family and hers and Peeta is one thing, but who will be left to pay for their defiance? Katniss doesn't much care for Peeta's family or the richer folk in District 12 but that doesn't mean they deserve to be whipped and hanged. She runs a shaky hand through her hair, pulling loose the braid. "I don't know, I don't know. This all seemed so much simpler with Gale in the woods." When the idea was just the two of them. Running away together. "I'm sure." Katniss shoots him a searching glance but it's impossible to tell from his expression if he's being sarcastic or not. Given that Peeta doesn't usually talk to her that way, she decides probably not. "Do you think this is a bad idea?" she says, the energy that brought her to Peeta waning fast now in the face of logistics. Peeta shrugs. "I think we're in danger no matter what we do. I'd rather be where you are so..." Color, not from anger this time, floods Katniss's cheeks. "Stop that," she snaps. Damn him! He says things like that, so casually, out of nowhere. Without expectation of a similar response. What can she possibly want him to do with words like that? "Sorry," Peeta says, not sounding the least bit so. "You have to stop that," Katniss repeats, more firmly. Peeta nods and for the first time he lowers his eyes from Katniss. "I know. I know you don't like it. I'm not trying to… get anything from you. I wasn't thinking. Sorry." He really does sound sorry this time and now Katniss feels like a bitch. He's just being Peeta. So much of the time he says and behaves in the way people desire him to, and here he is being honest, just himself and how he feels, and Katniss has, once again, flung it back in his face. Told him to stop. "You're not really in love with me," Katniss says, surprising herself. But she can't stop now. She has to make him understand. "It's just - just what the Games did to us. The adrenaline and how we had to survive. Stressful situations heighten sensation and… and…" She starts to blush again and stutters to a halt when Peeta raises his eyes back to hers. She's never seen him look this way, his normally languid gaze hard and blank. It's like he's transformed into someone else, a man she has never met. Anyone else would have yelled, but Peeta sounds much worse in his calm voice. "Please don't tell me how I feel," Peeta says. "I'm aware you don't share a similar sentiment and I will work to stop saying things that upset you. But don't condescend to tell me that I'm confused. I have wanted you since the first day I saw you." This last statement, so blatant and without doubt, leaves Katniss without words. There's no working around it, no way to misinterpret his intentions. She has heard this before, but that was in the Capitol, where everything seems fake and too spectacular to be true. The idea that any man, let alone someone of such quality as Peeta Mellark, could have ever noticed her is alarming. Truly frightening. She's done nothing. Nothing! She almost got him killed. Would have killed him herself had not the good people of Panem thought she was a hopeless romantic deserving of his love. "But why?" she says helplessly. Peeta gives another roll of his shoulders. That scary look is gone, the mask back in place. Was that, Katniss wondered, the real Peeta? Or did that one come out in the Games? It occurs to her, not for the first time, that Peeta can make himself very dangerous indeed when he chooses to. And the danger lies in never knowing you should be worried about him. "You were nice to me," is all he says. "That's it?" "That's it." He glances at the gray sky, as if this conversation is beginning to bore him. "It sounds even more pathetic out loud, doesn't it?" "No -" Katniss begins to say, but Peeta is already turning. He gives her a half wave. "Let me know when and where. I'll come running." Somehow Katniss doesn't doubt that he means that literally. She watches the back of him as he walks away. He's not a tall man but he's strong and solid, with broad shoulders and a cap of light blond hair. The girls talked about him at school. Not like they did Gale, who is dark and a little sinister to those who don't know him. Attractive in the way all unknown elements are. Gale gives the impression of being an undetonated landmine. It might never go off, or it might go off without even a trigger. Who can say or when? Peeta, on the other hand, he's all light. So transparent. Or seemingly so. If she had to choose which one to take with her, Gale or Peeta… could she? Does she have what it takes to play referee between them? The answer to that is obvious, or else she wouldn't have ended up in this mess in the first place. Peeta's not the problem, anyway. He has apparently resigned himself to his affections being unrequited. Katniss finds this depressing. He shouldn't be wasting himself on her. Gale still fights. Gale will always fight. Katniss wraps her arms around herself. Peeta is right. No matter what they do they are in danger. They have always been in danger. From hunger. From sudden confiscation of their goods and livelihood. That's the whole point. Keep people in fear, distract them with so much pain and loss that they have no energy for anything else. But not too much. Push people too far into nothingness and they realize they have nothing left to lose. And that is when they are truly a threat. Except Katniss still does. She has quite a few things left to lose. Without consciously planning to