So it's here! The sequel, all (mostly) written and ready to start. This will be much longer than The Child and the Darkness and will be posting pretty regularly, although chapters will not generally be as long as this one! This picks up about a week or two after the end of Child, and I guess you don't really need to have read that but it will certainly make a lot more sense if you have. I won't ramble too much, but thanks as always to Lindir's Ghost who has kept me going, even when I was ready to just give up and vanish. Usual disclaimers apply - none of this is mine. I really hope you enjoy. MyselfOnly Elves, I have decided, are too easily excited. If they are not spending hours staring at the sky then they are crouched beside a stream, the same enthralled expression upon their faces as they watch nothing happen. They will play in the rain no matter their age, and they will race one another as though it is the only sensible way to get from one place to another. Each moment is a joy of its own, each occurrence a reason to sing, and right now it is tiresome. I do not know where I am being led only that I was enjoying a perfectly deserved meal not ten minutes ago. Now I am being dragged down the heavily tree lined road that leads from the palace by an elf breathless with excitement. " Hortho Gimli! We will miss it!" Idhren urges. He is frustrated by my dragging heels, and I give in; it is the look in his eye and the tone in his voice that spur me. He is excited, yes, but his eyes are both thrilled and worried. Something happens, and I push the irritation aside to run along a road I have come to know well. I am brought to the practise fields, another place I have come to know well. It is windy today, and the trees are loud with it but beneath the soughing branches there is another sound that alarms me: the sound of metal clashing against metal. Someone fights, and as we come from the trees I see there is an audience. A number of elven warriors stand curiously, leaning on hands braced upon bows and sitting in branches. I see the King stood with a group I know to be healers and a hawk faced elf with ice chip eyes, who is Thranduil's chief advisor: Lord Ionwë. They stand and watch two elves fighting, and one of them is Legolas. The laegrim prince is dressed all in his warrior's garb as I have seen so infrequently these weeks gone. His hair is tied back in his neat warrior braids, he is wearing boots again and I am unsure at first as to what is happening. He is not fighting in play, he is not holding back, and his eyes are feral and predatory as he and another elf I recognise as Orthorien circle one another. Legolas twirls his blades, and it looks like a casual gesture but I watch closely for any stiffness or signs that his hands are hurting him. If they ache it does not show in the graceful movements, and as golden and mahogany hair pennants in the wind they are wild things doing battle beneath a heavy sky. I have seen Legolas and Aragorn spar with one another many times, and even I have practised with the elf. His advantage is in speed, and I have always known that he holds back when he spars with us. For physical strength he will never match us in the wielding of a sword or axe but he is stronger in sinew and leg – I have felt the crushing grip of his hands, seen how he can leap about the trees and change direction in a sprint like a bird turns on the wing. I see him fight now with his peers, and it is brutal: they do not spare any care for one another as they spar. They move with all the savage grace gifted upon their kind, twisting and dancing as their singing silver blades come close – so close – to causing very real damage. Legolas kicks and strikes Orthorien to the chest, and elicits a winded grunt. Orthorien twists Legolas by the arm savagely, and has him almost to his knees before he melts from the hold and dances from reach. It is raw and savage, and they bend like the willow around each blow. They anticipate one another's movements like a bird in flight and blood is drawn once, twice… I cannot watch! They are to kill one another! I look to the king and he watches his sole child and heir with cold, assessing eyes. It is not his son that he watches but one of his captains. If Legolas is to be considered fit for duty again he must pass this test before the eyes of his lord and his betters, and I hope for the lad, I truly do, but mostly I hope that he survives this fight in any condition to be pleased by his performance. I watch again and push down a frantic urge to run out to the field to stop this nonsense. I try to see it as the warriors see it…they do not fear. I hear them murmur in appreciation of a move well made, I see Idhren turn to me and smile in approval as Orthorien pivots about a sweep of Legolas' blade and jabs an elbow hard between his shoulders but I can only grimace. The warriors have seen this display time beyond count and are not worried so I take a breath, and I look again. Orthorien is more experienced, that I know. He is older than Legolas by a good deal but the prince has talent on his side. The older elf moves with practised ease: he has greater power but for Legolas it is instinct and nature. His knives are an extension of him, and he is the wind. It is not Legolas' parentage that makes him captain of the archers. The fight continues for hours. The elves are comfortable and do not grow tired of the spectacle. A small contingent leaves for duty and is replaced by another freshly returned but the majority remain as they are, watching. I am a ball of nervous energy by the time the call finally comes to cease, and the two combatants fall still. Their only movement is the fall of their hair in the wind and the heaving of their shoulders as they regain their breath. They sheath their weapons and bow to one another, turn and bow to their king, and as the audience begins to filter away to other pursuits I rush over to where Legolas stands. The king is there ahead of me and so I stand behind him, awkward and fidgeting. Legolas is out of breath but nowhere near as he should be for such a prolonged fight. He is dusty and bleeding, and I can see his hands at his sides flexing and clenching as he does so often now but he is afire with energy, his eyes wild and penetrating. Orthorien claps him on the back, and they grin and speak lowly to one another as Orthorien leaves the field and then it is just he, the king and his advisor, and one very out of place dwarf. " Herunya, " Legolas bows as his father approaches. "You are out of practise Legolas," Thranduil's advisor tells him, and there is disapproval in his tone. It is only that I am in the company of the king that I stay my tongue. Legolas inclines his head in acceptance; it is with a rueful half smile that he says: "I feel it in every part of me Lord Ionwë, but it is good to feel my blood flowing again." "How do your hands fare?" Thranduil asks. Legolas brings his hands before him, and bends and clenches his fists. "They ache, Aran nin. They ache fiercely but they are much improved." Thranduil assesses his prince, unconcerned as his own golden hair streams about him. There is silence and something is being considered, some decision being made that I am entirely left out of. The light is leaving and my eyes begin to strain, the clearing takes a more threatening feel as the sound of the wind in the trees turns angry and wild. It will storm tonight. The king and his advisor look to one another before Thranduil speaks again. "Clean yourself up and come to my chambers Legolas, we will speak there. You too Master Gimli, I have something for you." And he is gone. We are both dismissed with no further look or word, and the two elven lords are lost to the encroaching night. Legolas watches his father leave with a strange look upon his face before I am on him; all of the nerves of a mother hen flooding from me in anger. I strike him solidly in the arm and his attention is upon me with a betrayed wince, massaging where I have struck. "Do not look so innocently!" I ignore the wide eyes. "Do you seek to send me to an early grave? What was this?" I gesture about the churned grass where he has spent most of the day trying to force my heart out through my chest. "A short test," he dismisses, starting the walk back to his chambers to make himself presentable. I follow. "I am not to be considered fit until my king believes me capable; one of the disadvantages of my birth. I once twisted my knee clean from its moorings and had to spar a day and a night before my father allowed me back to my duties – I have received light treatment today." I cannot share his light mood. He is filled with the fight and grinning like a fool, where I am still strung as tightly as a bow. "Could you not have warned me?" "I have sparred many times before," he looks at me as though I am slow. He is completely baffled by my mood. "I have not died." "That was not sparring," I rumble through my beard. "I have seen sparring. I have sparred many times myself. That was battle!" He laughs. It is musical and light, and I repeat my words in my head to unravel what has sparked his mirth but I cannot for the life of me work it out. I am disarmed by his delight and feel the annoyance leave me like an exhale. Am I to be forever at the mercy of his laughter? I have never known a creature with a temper so vile yet who laughs so freely. If I am so exhausted by his changeable nature then it must truly be a hardship to be endured to be Legolas himself. "Lord Ionwë," I comment as we walk against the wind. "He is bracing." "Aye," Legolas muses flatly. "He does not spare his words, certainly. He believes that the laegrim have no business bearing arms and disapproves of any part of me that is not Sindarin. He has little time for foolishness or weakness but he is a good commander past his unpleasantness. He and my father are very close – he once would read me tales, and taught me to ride my first horse." I cannot imagine it. I have seen much of Lord Ionwë in my stay here: criticising his warriors' form or footwork or the condition of their weapons, and although he has always been quite certain to ignore me entirely the experience has always left me nervous, and anxious to do better. I follow Legolas to his chambers where I take my usual seat at his fireside. He changes from his dusty warriors