This little scene was requested by a few of you back when I was writing the anniversary fics for Silence in the Song, and I finally got around to writing it. For once, no foreknowledge of any of my previous fics is required here, and so I present to you: Legolas and Thranduil meet Gloin :) ~{O}~ The first time that Legolas meets my father, it is an absolute disaster. The elf has told me before that he was not there during Gloin's imprisonment in their dungeons – he says that he was stationed in the south the whole of the time, and did not return until months after Thorin's party escaped with Bilbo – but this does not seem to matter to my father. Legolas looks very much like Thranduil, very much indeed, and so to Gloin they might as well be the same elf. We are in Minas Tirith, here for young prince Eldarion's naming ceremony. The whole city is in celebration, the citadel is festooned with flowers and bunting, with bright colour everywhere. The palace itself heaving with harassed looking cooks and valets, and men who have lots to do and very little time in which to do it. It is noisy and cheerful, all a-bustle like I have never seen it before, and the air itself sings with excitement. I would expect nothing less from a city gone King-less for as long as these folk have; suddenly finding themselves with a spare is most certainly a thing to be celebrated. The dwarves of Erebor have been here for days, but Legolas and I have arrived only hours ago and the King of Gondor – despite that he should be fairly giddy with happiness right now – is acting as though his city is about to fall into ruin all over again. There is a faint look of desperation in his eyes, a sheen of sweat upon his brow, because Thranduil will be here by tomorrow evening and this is not going to go well at all. My father and I get along far better now that I am an adult. There have been many years – most of my years in fact – where we have barely spoken at all, despite living in the same Halls. He is grim and dour, abrupt, and although his heart remains an absolute mystery, he speaks his mind at every opportunity. I have brought significant honour to his name of recent years, and I think perhaps he is proud of me. He has certainly made far more effort since the end of the war, and I am not the same dwarf I once was. He is trying, it is not an easy thing for him, and so I am trying as well. If I had thought on it a little more then I might have delayed their meeting, but I have spent so long with the elfling now that there are some things that I simply do not see any longer. Legolas is in a stone city, trapped and cut off from his Song. He is surrounded by countless people; strangers, loud and bright and distracting and Legolas is a laegrim warrior. He is guided by his senses – so tangled up with the air and the sky and the wind that this is extremely unpleasant for him. He has such a look of wildness, of danger, that people are avoiding him without even consciously realising it. There is a wide berth around us that I have grown to expect and enjoy, because when Legolas is in one of his moods I never have to fight my way through a crowd. He is still and tense, cold and frightening, and his eyes are like embers. The eldar certainly know how to make an impression. It has been a long time since I have noticed such things, and so I think nothing of making introductions whilst he is this way. We fight our way to the top of the city, we find one of Aragorn's rooms – blessedly quiet – and then all goes badly. Gloin is of fairly advanced years – it is something that I have come to realise of late. My boyhood memories are of a dwarf large and strong, with a magnificent beard full of braids and metal rings, and disapproving eyes of coal black. His shoulders once seemed big enough to carry mountains, his hands huge and calloused, and I recall a voice deep and booming – able to catch the attention of everyone in earshot, should he wish it. Now he is smaller, or perhaps I am bigger. His beard is still thick – a thing to be proud of – but it is mostly grey now, and where he was once as hard as granite he now softens steadily, bit by bit, every year. His voice is still exactly the same, his eyes are still coal black, and when he sees Legolas he narrows them almost into slits. He sees the agitation in the elf, he sees the similarity in countenance to the King who once buried him beneath a mountain, there to be forgotten. He sees the coldness and the distance, and he misinterprets it terribly. He thinks that Legolas is being aloof, proud… that he sees these dwarves as below his regard. He sees only a Prince, an elf, and a lifetime of ill feeling and dislike comes to the fore in an instant. Gloin being Gloin he says so, and Legolas being Legolas he bites right back – seemingly civil but icy and cutting, the way that they can be sometimes. It escalates in moments – mostly my father – and by the time I am dragging the elfling out of the door by the jerkin, things have become vicious indeed. Legolas has barely responded after those first words, but with the mood that he is in right now I do not doubt for a moment that he is close to drawing his weapons. I can hear my father shouting insults through the stout oak door three corridors down. ~{O}~ Aragorn hears of the altercation, and in honesty I had expected him to tell the elfling off. I have heard him do it before – it is not the first time that an adan who has not even reached his first century has reprimanded an elf born before this city was built – but Aragorn is terribly distracted. Instead the dread in his eyes deepens, a wild look of panic settles about him and I actually feel quite sorry for the lad. Legolas sees it, softens and drops his head into his hands. He says in a voice thick with rancour that he will try harder, barely chokes the words out past his pride and dislike and anger, and I believe that for a moment I see a flicker of triumph in Aragorn's eyes. Ai , if only I might learn how he does it! ~{O}~ We all avoid one another the next morning, because it is best that we do so. I breakfast with my father, who is polite and cordial and acts as though last night is something that only I recall. He asks me of my heath, what I have been doing with my days, and I ask him the same questions: careful, guarded, dancing around what we truly mean to say. Neither of us mention the elves, nor the edain , nor anything even remotely likely to cause a fuss, and I wonder if this is how it is meant to be between fathers and sons It is fine though, because we fill our conversation easily enough. It has not always been that way, not at all, and so it is good to spend the morning with Gloin. We talk a little, we are silent at times, and we say nothing of any importance at all. ~{O}~ In a desperate attempt at reparations, Aragorn calls us all to lunch in the afternoon. It is a fine day – bright and clear, with a warm sun and a brisk breeze – and we sit outside in his gardens so that Legolas can breathe again. The difference in him is immediately apparent; he lounges quite comfortably upon soft grass on a lofty terrace, high above the world, and slowly – breath by breath – he becomes my elfling again. I think perhaps he is trying for the sake of Aragorn, because although my father is there Legolas is ignoring him quite thoroughly. Arwen is there with little Eldarion – because beautiful elven Queens and happy babies have the power to diffuse any situation – and we all sit upon blankets with the sort of food that royalty are expected to eat. Everything is delicious, but I am used to unseasoned meat and forest fare, so tiny eggs and ridiculous pastries that flake apart and drift away in the breeze are frustrating me more than anything. Gloin sits apart from us all; not so far as to be rude, but there is a very certain line between us. I find that I do not care, because I am well used to my father and I have missed my friends. I ignore the frigid air that has settled over toward the balcony, where he and his grumbling retinue have huddled and sit in near silence. They are all disapproving and hairy and stout, like grumpy boulders. I see them differently these days – dwarves that I have known for my entire life but who are strangers to me now. I have become far too used to silence that changes swiftly into silliness, in speaking of friendship and showing the care that I have for my friends. I have shed the Gimli of old, and the Gimli that I am now is the best of all of my worlds, or at least the best that I can be. I am not a part of them any longer. The terrace is large and prettily landscaped. I can see that it is not quite to Legolas' taste – it is not wild enough by any measure – but I imagine that most normal people find it quite lovely out here. It is late spring and so everything is fresh green, with a clamour of colour in every direction as each shrub and tree and plant bloom at once. The air is perfumed, despite the winds that these heights generate, and for a long time we simply fuss over the baby. Eldarion is not quite of the age where he might walk, but he disagrees on this. He fusses terribly when put down or held, squirming and wriggling like a ferret, so he spends most of his time held upon his feet. His knees keep going from beneath him, he has no idea how his legs work yet, but instead he bounces about and smiles hugely and seems rather proud of himself overall. Aragorn is different, now that he has relaxed a little. It is a side of him that I have not seen before and I find that it suits him quite well. He looks upon his son and his wife with a peace that is new to him, but that sits quite comfortably about his shoulders. We tease him on how portly he is becoming, although it is not true at all, and how foolish and moonstruck he looks, which is absolutely true. Arwen is beautiful in her motherhood. She has never worn her hair bound and so it is a cascade of darkness, caught upon the wind and rather fetching against a plain dress of blue. Her skin is pale, flawless, and she has ever been beautiful, but I think perhaps her beauty is mostly in the warmth and the happiness that she exudes. She is not one for needless words, not one for gossip and chatter, and because I have become so used to the quietness of elves these days it