So here it is, the third installment of the Shadow series! A brief(ish) foreword before we crack on. This story follows on from the first two tales: 'The Child and the Darkness' and 'The Path we Walk', and addresses the fallout from what happened in the summer. You know, whilst the boys get themselves into a whole load of trouble! For those of you who have not read either of the earlier tales, you may be okay but it would certainly help if you knew the characters and the background. Please don't let that put you off! For the familiar faces that I hope have returned - welcome back! I've missed regular posting, and although I'm rather nervous about posting this I'm going to just go ahead anyway. Updates will not be as regular as they were for Paths, but I will make up for it by chapter size. They're all about the same length as this one. This isn't a horror, this a mystery, and as such it's a different beast to the last two fictions but I really hope you enjoy it. I'm sure it'll end up with elements of horror in there anyway because I can't seem to help myself. As always, my super special thanks go to Lindir's Ghost. She has been an ongoing support right from the outset and has kept me going. This story is for the vast majority un-beta'd, but you can tell the bits that she's looked through - they're the good ones. Enough from me, let's get on with things! MyselfOnly ~{O}~ It is early autumn in north Ithilien, and the night is crisp and sharp. The night sky above us is a wide sweep of burning lights, thrown like firebrands across the heavens, but the moon is naught but a thin cut of silver. My breath plumes before me when I turn from the warmth of the fire and so I tug my cloak tighter about me, settle down against a heavy log and try to find some measure of comfort. I can hear nothing but the occasional snort and stamp of our horses, the snap and shift of our fire, and when a breeze catches the trees about us there is a brittle rustling high above. It is a beautiful night indeed, and it may well be the last that the elf ever sees. He sits across from me, further back from the fire so that he is little but a silver limned ghost – more shadow than light. He still sits upright; tireless and straight as he stares up at the stars in the deepest of thought. In one hand he holds the small hunting knife that he normally keeps within his boot. It is nothing compared to the silver blades that sit beside him – they are beautiful things of deadly grace and he prizes them greatly – but it is elven made, and despite being wrought for function only it is still a pretty and delicate thing. He is spinning it idly in one hand. He does it to exercise his hands; to regain the dexterity and skill that is still stiff and dulled since our adventures this summer, but by Eru is it irritating me. He flips and turns and catches the small knife – it is but a blur to me and he is not even looking. It slips between his fingers; a dancing blade that catches the firelight and momentarily blinds me once, twice and then again. He does not even think on what he does, he has more skill in damaged and broken hands than I will ever have in my life and it is driving me to distraction. He has been at it for hours! I huff again, and I see that perhaps his mind is not so far away as I had thought. One distant eye twitches and I see his jaw clench, and I feel an odd sense of satisfaction that I irk him as much as I am irked. I would hate to be the only one so bothered. The spinning of the knife does not abate and I am on my last nerve, frayed raw and thrumming with the need to speak. I open my mouth ready to say something – I know not what – but he anticipates my words. I am fixed with a glare so baleful and feral that any other being might quail and shake beneath the weight of it. The knife stops, is held downward and plunged firmly and certainly into the ground as though punctuating something that has not been said. My friend looks at me as though he hides a thousand paces behind his gaze. I am a stranger, someone that he does not wish to be near, and he flows to his feet without a sound. He is gone into the night, and I am thankful. ~{O}~ We have been travelling for many weeks now in the company of none but each other. I would readily lay down my life for the elf but at the moment I do not know whether I like him, and the feeling certainly seems to be mutual. He is distant and cold – more ready to remove himself off into the dark wilds than spend time with me. I am snappy and irritable, and although I am sure that both he and I are cause for the consternation of the other we cannot seem to break the cycle. He is becoming far too ready to flee into the wood, and I am becoming too ready to let him. I sigh again and stare into the flames. We cannot come to Minas Tirith too soon. Legolas is haunted, I know that. I know that he barely sleeps and I know that whispers and darkness follow him like a shadow. I know that he requires patience and I know that I am perhaps the only thing walking upon Arda that understands what he fights to reconcile, but I am just one dwarf. I do not have the endless years that he has… I do not have the patience. I wonder if our positions were reversed whether he would be a better friend to me than I am to him, and I know that he would. I am flawed and mortal, but he is aggravating and a complete mystery to me. I break apart a small twig in my hands and throw it angrily toward the fire. It is light and small, and falls far astray. Damn him . Damn him for the guilt I feel lodged beneath my heart, for he knows well enough how he aggravates me and little does he attempt to soften it. I am starting to resent him, I know it. His burdens are mine to carry as well, but I do not know how to make peace with his shadows any more than he does. I am just one dwarf! I lay my head back and see before me the full array of Gilthoniel's mantle. My heart hammers and my stomach tangles, and I am angry but I do not know why. I watch the stars and let my breathing calm, and for a time I wish that I could take comfort in them the way that my friend does. My friend. He is my friend. "Legolas!" I call. I hear the frustration and annoyance in my voice, and so I soften it. "Legolas, I would speak with you." I wait, and I wonder after a while whether he has chosen to ignore me but I do not have to wait for long. There is a flickering upon the edge of my sight; the soft nimbus glow of an elf in the dark… the softest of movements. I turn my head and I see him ghosting upon the furthest reaches of the firelight. He is careful, guarded. I wave him back to where he was sat before, not looking to see whether he obeys. I know that he will. I watch the fire, and something within me relaxes and softens when I see on the edge of my eyesight that he approaches; sitting with a long weary sigh as though indulging a petulant child. I quell the irritation within me at the sigh and focus only on his presence here. "Take up your knife again," I tell him with a vague wave of my hand. "Your left hand though… you favour your right." He picks the knife out from the ground but does nothing more than inspect it in both hands. His brow is touched with the faintest furrow. "We quarrel much, of late," he tells me. He speaks quietly but certainly, and of course the elf hits right at the heart of matters. It troubles him, I can hear it in his tone and when he looks up I am fixed with a focus that would take away the breath of any not so used to the weight of elven scrutiny. Instead I shrug and throw the rest of my twig into the fire. This time I throw certainly and carefully, and it lands dead centre within the flames. "We have travelled too long together," I tell him. "Too long, and we are too different." He snorts. "I have travelled decades with the same warriors without a single harsh word spoken. We have managed mere weeks!" "Months," I correct him. "And elves deal far better with elves. Those of us from races more sensible can find the company of the Eldar taxing after just one conversation. I am to be lauded for my endurance, if for nothing else." I look up at him and our eyes meet, and for a moment it is all washed away: his distance and wildness, my stubborn rudeness. All is gone. He grins, and his whole face softens into the elf I know better; the elf who is my friend. I feel my own face relax into a smile and it has passed. I feel a breeze shift through my beard, I smell the sharp autumn tang of leaf mould and a shiver runs through me, but I feel more rooted to the earth than ever I have. The Song of Mahal beats with the pulse of my heart, but there is no joy to it if it is weighed down by strife. Legolas gives me that strife, but also that joy. I cannot for all the words in the world explain how frustrating that is to me. I watch him as he scrutinises the blade, rolling it from finger to finger and from hand to hand. That furrow still touches his brow and I wait; he is ready to speak but his thoughts are like crows upon a field; ready to scatter and flee at the first sudden movement. I wait, and when he speaks his voice is slow. He is thinking his words as he speaks them. It shows great trust that he feels no need to temper them as he would with another. "You are too careful about me," he tells me: "too careful, and pulled tight as a bowstring." It is perhaps more than I was expecting to discuss tonight, but he is not wrong. I think on it… he is not wrong at all. "You were almost lost, Legolas." He shoots a look at me and it is odd; is it part defiance, and part beseeching. "But I was not," he speaks. "I am here, now, before you. I do not hold any blame for what occurred… or so you tell me." "You were not," I agree. I shake my head most certainly – I feel it within every fibre of my being but I cannot meet his gaze right now. I finish with a murmur: "you were not to blame." "Just as you were not to blame." I think for a while on his words. I think of the many weeks in which we have travelled since leaving