And here we are with the second of the anniversary oneshots. Thanks on this one go to me4evaful, who wanted to see the point in Lothlórien where Legolas and Gimli finally break the ice between them. It was actually a scene I'd been wanting to write for a while and the idea captured me, so off I toddled and dutifully wrote the first scene in this collection. The last one is thanks to Honor Reid. I'm not going to spoil it (you can read it when you get there) but her suggested scene was one I'd promised myself I'd never write, because I didn't think I could do it justice. Well... now I have, and I'm very nervous about the reception, so feedback please guys! These anniversary fics have been good fun to write, and quite cathartic in places. I hope you enjoy them both, and I'll see you all soon with The Silence in the Song. Who knows; it might make another year! :) xx ~{O}~ When he first approaches me I refuse it. Sat beneath golden leaves – a stranger where he is not – I do not want any company, much less his. I am tired and grief stricken, I am at odds with this place because although it is beautiful, it is strange and alien and it is not home. Deep dells of shadow hide soft, moss filled nooks where the Halflings rest in a tangle of exhausted limbs. Wide carpets of deep grass undulate beneath restful silver starlight, and all about us rise wide sentinels: ancient trees so large I can barely grasp their size or their majesty. It is wondrous, truly so, and the air of this realm is quiet and hushed. Peace… it is peace that I should feel, but I do not. The elf twitters about with his people, and he is no longer odd or unusual. He is one of many amongst his kind, all of them straight and tall and fair. He is welcomed, comforted… he belongs. No matter my dislike for the ridiculous creature he and I have always been alike in one way, and it is that we are so unlike all of the others around us. We are both alone: the only elf, and the only dwarf. Now I am a dwarf in an ocean of these creatures and it is making my beard itch. I watch them and I try to hide my displeasure. I try to hide it because I have been granted entrance here, I have been given passage where none of my folk ever have before. I have seen things they have not, I have been given comfort and respite, I have been allowed to walk freely amongst them and so I try – by Eru do I try. They pass like shadows, their strange language halts and trips, dances on the air. I can hear them singing in the treetops, from all around, and their voices are not the hearty and booming song of the dwarves but rather like a dream: sad and ancient and enduring, as though it is the stars themselves that have been given voice. They are pale skinned with moonlit eyes that see right through me, their faces like carven stone. I try to trust them – I try so very hard – but dwarves have trusted elves before and it has not ended well. They cannot be trusted… they simply cannot. Legolas approaches me, he comes to me beneath a Mallorn tree – ancient and golden, straight and grey – and I ignore him entirely. He stands as still as an oak, burning with the air of one who wishes to speak, but after a while he takes a soft breath – deep and then out again – and he is gone. I do not see him again for all of the rest of the night, or even the following day. He is in the trees, as all wild things tend to be when one is in a wood. The next evening he approaches me again, and I have had time to think upon things. I have had much time to myself; time in my mind and time to see what is about me. I have watched the dance between Gondor's sons. Boromir and Aragorn both respect and despair of one another, and I do not know that they will ever come to realise how similar they are. They have a common ground in what they fight for, they are both brave men of honour but they will never be friends. They are simply too alike. I have watched the Halflings – simple because they are always in the same place together. Even when Frodo wishes his silence the other three are always nearby. They are not friends, they are family, and we are excluded from their world by virtue of the fact that we are not Hobbits. They make time for the rest of us and I am grateful for that, but I can see that they find us unaccountably odd. They are homesick and worn, and all we do is remind them that they are far from where they should have stayed. I have watched the elf as well, what little I have seen of him. I have tried to watch him without suspicion and without anger, I have tried to clear it from me completely… to ignore the curl of dislike that I feel every time I glimpse golden hair or summer blue eyes. His voice sets my teeth on edge, the very way he moves makes something ugly twitch and growl in my chest, but I try to silence it. I watch him because watching is all there is to do when you are a dwarf in a wood full of elves. I am grieving and numb, and I am starting to grow tired of our feud. It is exhausting. We are different, so very different, and perhaps it is enough. Legolas stands talking in his soft and dancing tongue and he is changed here. He is relaxed, un-guarded, his eyes no longer that unpleasant wolf pale stare. He is never loud, never noisy even amongst those of his kin; he speaks softly and smiles often, and he is different. I have not seen him this way before. His smile is a softening of his face only – a barely perceptible change – but I feel my dislike of him washing clean for just a heartbeat when I see it. When he smiles that way he is youthful and foolish, mischievous and kind. Deceptive. They are deceptive. When he approaches me I fall into stride beside him as though it is the most natural thing in the world. Neither of us speak. We walk in the darkening pale of a winter sunset and all about me is starlight and the soft light of elves. It is beauty and sadness, a lament upon the air, and although we are solemn and silent I do not feel alone for the first time since I arrived here. The next evening he tries to engage me in conversation, but he is not very good at it. I can tell that it does not come easily to him – Legolas is not one for casual or needless conversation, certainly amongst those that he does not know – but instead of allowing for the effort that he is making I find it all too easy to fall into bad habits. I know that he is trying. I know that perhaps – despite that he is amongst his own kind – he needs company from one who knows the same grief as he must surely feel. I am starting to relax about him, I am starting to wonder if our differences could be cast aside. I am starting to think that two creatures so at odds with one another might find a common ground in our isolation. Instead I take offense easily at something he says – something innocent when I know that offense was not meant. I twist his words and I goad him. He has extended the hand of friendship to me and I knock it aside. I am cruel and unkind, I wound him and yet still he tries. He is raw and grieving, and as clumsy as it is… for a time, he tries. In no time at all he is back to his old self, because I give him no choice. He is a knot of tension, a promise of violence: distant, cold and frightening. He regards me with feral eyes and I laugh at him. "You are not very good at this," I tell him. Wordlessly he is back to the trees, and I am alone again. I do not see him the third night or the fourth, but I sit in the same spot just in case. Regret burns at me, I feel ugly and foolish and cruel. I listen to the grief of the elves thrill and shimmer about me and I wonder if he sings up there. I wonder if his voice is one of the ones that I hear. I feel as though I am intruding upon something because I am not worthy of it... I am not. Elves might be deceptive and sneaky, they might be unkind and cold, but I know another who has been unkind and cold. I know him, and yet I do not, because I never thought of myself that way before now. I am patient and I am rewarded for it, because no matter his dislike for me, the elf has high regard for the Halflings and I have positioned myself so that he cannot reach them without passing me by. No matter how sneaky or strange he is, I am stubborn and am willing to wait out our whole time here if I need to. But I do not need to. When he sees me he freezes, he actually looks to the treetops as though assessing how high the nearest branch is. I feel guilt and it is not the first time. Now that I see him, I am annoyed that he makes me feel so wretched when I was already wretched to begin with. I am annoyed, but I will be dead and buried before I am made to look a lesser dwarf before an elven princeling… Thranduil's get, no less. He has made an effort, and now I must make an effort, and when all ends in violence and shouting then we will both be equally to blame for it. I rise to my feet and I hold up one hand to stop him. His eyes go from that awful, heavy hostility that makes me want to drop my eyes and run, and instead they become guarded and curious. His right hand stops clenching as though he misses a weapon there, he relaxes a fraction. Just a fraction. "I apologise," I grumble through my beard, and it doesn't sound like an apology at all. I somehow manage to make my attempt at reparations sound as though I am vexed with him, and so I try to soften my next words. "I am not very good at this either." Legolas' face turns amused, but I do not feel angry at it. He does not laugh at me but instead he is pleased; he smiles that soft, breath of a smile and it is the first time that I have been its recipient. I am not annoyed by how suddenly he seems able to change his mood – although I imagine that I might find time later to be annoyed by it. I do not feel as though he is laughing at my expense, but rather as though I have pleased him. He smiles that smile, the wild and distant warrior replaced by a young Silvan elf right before my eyes, and suddenly I want him to always smile like that. Just for