So, I've pretty much alienated about 99.999% of this website by writing a oneshot entirely dedicated to an OC barely anyone has read about. For anyone who is reading my work for the first time, the basic gist is that Faelwen and Legolas are childhood sweethearts. They made a mutual decision to stop their courtship when things went truly gnarly in the south, and swore to re-kindle things in the Undying Lands. She is his second in command, and a bit of a hard-ass, and in all honesty it makes a far more interesting relationship to write. Please don't be put off by a very much established OC. Pretend it's you if you wish :) To my regular readers, I present you with this: a collection of their firsts, right up until the last. I have always been quite blown away by how much people love these two together (or not together, really) and they're an absolute delight to write. Their love story is so barely touched upon, entirely written in hints and allusions, that I was craving something a bit more substantial. This has not spent the usual month or two of being obsessively read and re-read and pulled into bits, so apologies if the quality has suffered, but I truly hope you enjoy this. MyselfOnly ~{O}~ The first time she meets him, she dislikes him. He is in the company of his mother, visiting her kin outside of the palace. They come to the talans and word of it is upon everyone's lips: such a beautiful Queen, one of their own, graceful and kind and gentle. The Prince: small but fine and strong and so much like his father. He grips his mother's hand and stares at them all curiously, but there is also such a challenge there. He is dressed simply, but his clothes are fine and he wears boots upon his feet. His hair is summer gold – odd in one of Silvan blood – and it is too long to be hanging so loose; all unruly and in the way of a stern face that gives away nothing at all. He is released by his mother and sent to play with them – the other children, although they are so few – and he is the smallest by far. The youngest of them all, the last of the children born in the wood. He takes off his boots as soon as he is out of sight, and it is not long before he is running with the others, but Faelwen stays away. He is not one of them, not truly. He sleeps in a bed of feather down and has never caught his own food. He does not run in the rain, but rather spends his days behind walls. He will learn of language and statecraft, he will be taught to be a prince. No laegrim would ever live such a life, because no laegrim could survive it. Soft and spoiled, weak. A Sindar. She pushes him in the river, and she had expected him to cry and run to his mother. Instead he barrels into her and then they are both in the river, and he is not weak at all! He is no less wild than the least of them – indeed he has teeth, this one – and she gets a black eye for her troubles. The next time he visits, she joins them. ~{O}~ The first time that they hold hands, they are fleeing for their lives. They have become separated – they should never have gone so far from the others – and there is a cat loose in the woods. They are too young to fight it, too small and inexperienced, unarmed and alone, and so they run. He slips his hand into hers and they are nearly the same height now, the difference in their age less apparent with time, but although he is younger it is Legolas that leads them. It is Legolas that pulls her away, Legolas that knows the woods better than she does, despite all of her many years running them before he arrived. Legolas has cut his head at some point, and the blood runs down his face. When he grins at her she is surprised at first because she is so afraid that her heart is ready to burst, but after a moment she cannot help but mirror it back. It is wild and not entirely sane – not completely – but she understands it, because this is frightening and dangerous, but ai , what a feeling! He is surefooted and certain, she takes great heart from his courage and their headlong, maddened flight changes. It began as something fed by terror but now her fear becomes something else: something burning and wildfire bright, alarming and exhilarating. Breathless she grins, gripping his hand all the tighter. He leads, and she follows him, and they run. ~{O}~ The first time that she breaks, it is Legolas that tries to hold her together. Her whole family – lost in one night: her mother and father and older brother, all of them gone. She will see them again one day, she knows that, but they are not here any longer and there are many, many long years between them now. Years without them, centuries of being alone, and their deaths were not peaceful. They were violent and bloody and they must have hurt… they must have been so frightened. Legolas holds her: a tangle of rage and grief, ready to fly apart. He holds her as she screams and fights, holds her even as she hits him – her rage blind and unreasoning. He holds her until she falls, until she cannot stand another moment longer, and when she loses herself to grief it is wild and formless. Her tears are white hot and she can barely breathe through it all, and he is there. He speaks to her, his words are nonsense because he knows she cannot hear him. It is his voice that she clings to, his strong arms wrapped so tightly around her, his pale eyes that understand… they understand everything. She breaks, and he holds all of her pieces together. ~{O}~ The first time that she notices , they are racing one another – just the two of them – and it is one of the moments in her life that she revisits over and over again in the centuries that follow. It is not the wind that whips her hair into her eyes that steals her breath away, it is not the cold or the fact that she is already exhausted. It is not laughter – although they are laughing almost too hard to run properly – but it is something else… something new. The two of them have left the others setting up their camp, because they are too tired for such nonsense and they have swiftly thinning patience for the two young laegrim . There is a morning frost upon the ground, and it is strange to come into dawn when they have not yet stopped to sleep. They are frayed and pushed almost to their limits, past exhaustion and into a strange restlessness. It is leading to faintly ridiculous things: things such as challenging one another to a race at dawn in the heart of winter, when they are all but dead on their feet and meant to be snatching what brief rest they can. It is cold enough to hurt, cold enough to burn, but the rising sun is fire gold and catches their breath as it plumes in the air. Legolas is lit golden: his skin and clothing, his tangled and knotted hair, all burnished with the new light. He is caught in the dawn, his face lit by laughter; eyes bright and the bluest of any blue she has ever known before. It feels as though it is the first time she has ever, truly seen him. In the years ahead when she remembers that dawn, she does not recall who won the race. She does not care. ~{O}~ The first time that she begins to understand , it is not a pleasant realisation. She is not the only elleth that trains in their group, not by any count, but she is the only one born laegrim. She has never felt outnumbered – because the Sindar ranks are positively teeming with women – and it is many years before she realises that the women-folk of other races do not often fight. She is faster and stronger and more skilled than the ellyn of her age and kin, and the last person to make a joke about her going into battle wearing a dress ended up with a broken nose. She has not had to work any harder to prove herself, no harder to make a place for herself; she has earned her position, but no more so than Legolas or Idhren, Sidhion or Alagos. It is a strange thing then, when she begins to measure herself against the young Sindar elleth that Legolas has befriended. Lauriel, her name is, and she is delicate and pleasant and she does not shout very often. She is skilled enough – she would not be training with them otherwise – but she is also clever and quick witted. She has a tidy hair all of the time and her jerkin is not torn and dirty, her face is mostly clean. She knows of books and language and does not swear all that much. When she sees Legolas walking with her, talking or laughing with the Sindar girl, Faelwen feels a knot of something ugly and painful in her stomach and it is very new. She does not like it at all, and spends an afternoon examining her mess of acorn brown hair that never, ever stays up and is always, always in her face. She washes her hands and her face, she tries to think of any book that she has read for enjoyment and not just because she has been made to, and she comes up blank. Then she becomes angry, because she has never measured herself in this way before. Never in her whole life has she felt self-conscious or graceless or uneducated, and so she shouts at Legolas over something small and silly. He is surprised and a little hurt, and so she gets all the angrier and then flees. She has never cried in front of him before and does not intend to start, and now she feels guilty and foolish and there is still that awful feeling in her stomach. She runs away, she does not come back for two days, and when she returns things are different. She sees him differently, because she understands. The next time that he walks with Lauriel she joins them, and every time after that until the Sindar elleth understands as well. Legolas does not understand, but then he has always been a little slow at times and so she is willing to wait. He will understand one day. ~{O}~ The first time that she weeps for him, it is terror and not sadness that draws her tears. They hide, they are being searched for, but it is not just their own people that look for them and so they must be silent and wait. They are tucked away in the thickest tangle of briar and bramble that she can find, half in and half out of a small hole in the ground, and she is so frightened that she can barely breathe. It is not the orcs that frighten her, it is not that they are alone or that she has watched three of her friends cut down just a short few hours ago. It is not that she grieves – although it is taking everything to stop from thinking about it – because it is not the first time that she has seen death. She