Warning: Third story in the What Runs Through Them series. So I was extremely uncertain whether I would do this or not. But here it is. Don't expect frequent uploads but this story will be finished. I would like to mention that the idea behind this is a bit dumb. I thought it would be fun to play with though. That's it. If you don't want to read a cheesy idea I recommend stopping here and settling for the end of Essence. Disclaimer: I will say this once. I do not own Twilight or any of the characters related to the franchise. The only things I claim to own are my characters and the story idea. The aspects pulled directly from the Twilight universe belong solely to Stephanie Meyer. Now that that's been said, enjoy! Collin Lee Lahote was the younger brother of Daula Marin Lahote and son of Bella Marie Lahote. He was overly aware that their lives weren't conventional. He had lived through his family's life. Or the dead ones. Maybe he should explain. He was born a quarter vampire. He was also born with a gift. He had a dark gift. A painful gift. He relived the lives of the dead. It was complicated. It hurt. It made him overly aware that life was short and could be terrible. He was nearing twenty years of life. Twenty years with this terrible gift. Of course he physically didn't come close to matching his real age. His best friend had made him a vampire around the time he'd turned ten. Mary claimed she had done it to help him suppress his ability. That was what she told his family. Collin was well aware of the lie. Mary had done it because she wanted a friend. Someone who she didn't have to look up at. Someone she could be close to for eternity. She told his mother it was for the best. In a way it was. He was aware he was staring down eternity as a ten year old. He had been cursed by his best friend to suffer the same thing she had for millions of years. He knew Mary was capable of making him a human again at any time. He didn't think she would. Sure she loved his cousin. It was clear she would happily lay her life down for him. Presuming she was able to die. The family had grown apart or died over the years. Brady lived in California, Rosalie had died in a car wreck. His mom wasn't looking good either. She was far enough into her death bed that if Collin tried he could glimpse into his mother's past. If Mary hadn't turned her back into a human from a Half Breed this wouldn't be happening. His mother wouldn't be dying. The worse part was she didn't want to be saved. Mary had offered to turn her into a vampire. If she did it would have allowed her to heal. Then she could've been changed back. She didn't want to be saved though. She was going to die. She was okay with this. He wasn't. That's where this begins. Collin looked at the machines connected to his mother with tears in his eyes. "Mary, there has to be something." He barely whispered it, scared to wake his mother. "Your sister will be here in the morning." If it hurt Mary that her sister was dying she didn't act like it. She was sitting on the foot of the hospital bed. She was watching the heart rate monitor. "She's your sister . You can't let her die. Mary ." The girl jerked her head up and bared her teeth at the other boy. "I killed my sister. Twice. I am completely capable of letting her die. I'm sorry, Collin. I would never keep her alive against her will. You know that. Do not put some stupid guilt trip crap on me. I'm sorry that she-" "Collin." The two kids moved their focus to his mother. Guilt filled him. He hadn't meant to wake her up. "Yes, momma?" "We've talked about this." His mother gave him a hard look though she barely managed it. "I know. It's still stupid. You went through Hell and back and you're gonna die of lung cancer. You don't even smoke!" "I know." She laughed weakly and shook her head. "Go figure." She shut her eyes. "Momma, please." "Baby boy, Hell and back is exactly why I need to move on. I love you and your sister. I love you both to death." she broke off in a fit of coughing. Collin got out of his seat and joined his mother's side, taking her hand and closing his eyes. We stopped in front of a door, Edward took my arm again and pushed open the door, my heart sank at what was on the other side. This was not promising. We were in a large cavern which was lit by torches, it reminded me of Volterra, and it wasn't overly extravagant like the Amoz. It was basic. Somehow that made it worse. At the back of the room were two thrones, each one housing a short, small male. One had darker hair than the other but in the torchlight it wasn't exactly easy to see their features. On his knees in front of them was Emmett, Alice was on the right side of the thrones a little behind Emmett, Laurent was behind her with as sobbing Rosalie restrained. Dol was on the left side of the thrones, between the two, watching the exchange. The look on her face said it all, things were not going well. " About time you arrived, Edward. I was getting awfully bored interrogating him without our witnesses. Though it appears we are one witness short. Care to explain?" The lighter haired one spoke, he had a thick accent and spoke with little interest. " She is a spectral shapeshifter. There isn't a way to keep her confined." " If you idiots had given her the SH like you were supposed to this wouldn't be an issue." The other one sounded even less interested in the current situation. " We all know this falls back on the accused. Harboring a shifter. Tsk, tsk. Emmett, I would have thought you'd learned your lesson." The light haired one leaned forward and rested his head on his hand, looking at Emmett. " He didn't do anything!" " If you don't shut your mouth, Rosalie, I will shut it for you. You are only here because you are his mate." Collin jerked out of his mother's memory and dropped to his knees. No. She wasn't dying. He wouldn't lose her. "Collin." He ignored Mary. No. She wouldn't die. She couldn't. He rose to his feet and took his mother's hand again. "Collin, don't!" Mary was fast. She had always been faster than any other vampire. Collin was her direct creation. He was fast too. He wasn't fast enough. Mary grabbed him and pinned him to the ground. He barely managed to knock him away from biting his mother. She used her forearm to pin him to the ground by his throat. "Mary, let me go." He fought against his friend. His creator. No. His mother couldn't die. No. "Stop being a brat, Collin." She bared her teeth at him. "You aren't the only one losing someone you love!" He stopped struggling and began to shake beneath his friend. "Collin." He struggled against Mary when his mother's voice filled his ears. "I'll behave. Let me go." Collin wasn't sure if he was lying. Mary was weary before finally releasing the small boy. He got up and joined his mother's side, trying to not to think of his friend standing directly next to him. Bella gave her son a weak smile. "Go home. You've been here for two days. Aunt Rose is in the hall." Now Collin was worried. Extremely worried. "Mom...Aunt Rose is dead...she died a few years ago..." His mother looked at him as if he was insane. "Aunt Rose is fine. She came in while you two were on the floor." "Bella." She moved her focus to the other girl. Her sister. "Your mind. Remember? Fantasy and reality. I'm sorry." The old woman shut her eyes and made a pained noise. "No. Rose isn't dead. She didn't die. She went through too much. She can't be dead." "You were at her funeral, mom. She died. She got hit by a car." Bella stared at the ceiling for a moment before letting out a choked laugh. She shook her head and a massive grin covered her face. "Hit by a car. Definitely not a blaze of glory but...I think she'd be happy." Collin stared at his mom before speaking up. "She was happy. I...I lived her death. She was happy. Said cars always were her kryptonite." "Always those comic book references." His mother hummed softly before shutting her eyes. "Brady isn't here. He should be. Aunt Dol wants to see him." "Bella, I'm gonna take Collin to hunt. We'll be back." Mary didn't let Collin comment on what she'd said before pulling him out of the room and down the hall. "I don't get it. Mary. Mary, please. Talk to me." She didn't respond to him, instead she drug him out of the hospital and the second they were in the dark she let him go. She growled lowly and punched the nearest wall, ignoring the way the brick crumbled beneath and around her first. " Mary ." " What , Collin?" She bares her teeth at him. " What do you want? The answers? The meaning to life? Damnit, Collin. My sister . I'm sorry okay. Your mother is dying. She is clinically insane. I'm sorry. I really am. She is going to die. And...Fuck." The girl dropped to her knees, putting her face in her hands. "I'm watching my sister die. I'm about to lose one of the few people in existence I love. I'm sorry you don't like it. I'm sorry it breaks your heart. I'm having to watch her die too. I have fifty different ways I could save her but she won't let me do it. So what we are going to do is let her believe her hallucinations are real because she will be happier that way." Collin stared at the girl in front of him before speaking, "make me human." He couldn't do this. He couldn't. "No." She looked at him, rising to her feet. He growled at the girl in front of him. "Make me human, Mary." She shook her head once. "You're staying a vampire. End of discussion." She met his chocolate brown eyes with her own. "No one can kill you. Remember that, Collin. You're mine. You will never die." She bared her teeth at him. "I'm going to join your mother's side." Then Mary was gone and Collin was alone. Alone. He was alone. He looked at the hospital, stared at it. No. He couldn't do this. He couldn't watch his mother die. He couldn't. He turned and ran. He ran away from the hospital. Away from the town. Away from his life. He ran and he didn't look back. He couldn't. He wouldn't. He couldn't watch her die. He'd lost too many members of his family. .-~**~-. A child. That's what Collin was. Mary should have never changed him. Even if they were the same age physically. She'd had a very long time to mature. He was still a child. She did it though. Then she watched him lash out. Watched as he killed thousands of people in blind rage. One thing in all of his victims was common. The humans called it hate crimes. Hate crimes on minors. Mary scoffed when she heard this. He was proving a point. Killing off young girls with dark skin and black hair. It was a message to her. He