THIS IS A SEQUEL We are back! The sequel will be shorter than the first one but I couldn't leave it there. I just couldn't. Disclaimer: I will say this once. I do not own Twilight or any of the characters related to the franchise. The only things I claim to own are my characters and the story idea. The aspects pulled directly from the Twilight universe belong solely to Stephanie Meyer. Now that that's been said, enjoy! Edward and I were content with life, he'd just graduated college and I was working happily at the movie theatre down the road. We had two kids; an eight year old girl and a one year old boy. Life was great. "Momma!" Renesmee ran through the front door followed closely by my husband. Edward and I shared a look as she jumped into my arms, I caught her easily as we spun around. "Hi, baby girl." She giggled as I set her down. She pulled her backpack off her back and threw it on the floor, dropping down and digging through it. "I got an A!" She pulled a folder out of her bag and handed it to me. I took my time opening it and was granted the sight of an "A" written across her spelling test for today. "Looks like we are going to get ice-cream." I grinned at her as she went to rush past me. "Put your backpack in your room." I turned and grabbed her by the back of her shirt before she could bolt down the hall to her room. She groaned and squirmed against my hold. "Fine." She huffed and stopped squirming, I let her go and she turned back, leaning down to pick her backpack up. She threw it over her shoulder and returned to her journey to her bedroom. "Hey, Bella." I moved my gaze to my husband and grinned. "Hi, Edward." I jumped into his arms, giving him a tight hug. "Where's Jake?" He asked me curiously. "Dol picked him up an hour ago. She wanted to take him out to get Renesmee's birthday present." I smiled softly, Dol had begged me to let her babysit. It was nice to have someone else to watch him for a bit. He was a much louder baby than Renesmee had been. "You should go nap." He kissed me briefly before pulling away. "You need it." I shook my head, he was right. I hadn't been sleeping well because of the crying but I didn't want to waste time I could be spending with my daughter sleeping. "Where's Jakey?" Renesmee's voice came from the hallway. I turned away from Edward and saw that she looked disappointed. "He's with Aunt Dol." "I wanna see Aunt Dol!" "I thought you wanted icecream?" The look she gave me was adorable. She seemed to consider if for a second before her face lit up. "I'll make Aunt Dol take me!" "Pack up some clothes for tomorrow." Edward chuckled at the accusing expression she gave him "I didn't ask to stay the night!" "You were going to." She had a look like he'd ruined her life plans but she went back through the door of her room anyways. "Take a nap. We have the house to ourselves tonight." He whispered in my ear and I shivered slightly. "I'll see you soon." I mumbled quietly as I headed down the hall, taking the stairwell up to my room. I laid down in bed, closing my eyes and letting out a soft sigh. "Bella." I was confused at first. Why was Dol here? I opened my eyes and would've screamed if her hand hadn't covered my mouth, she was sitting next to me. Leaning over me. "You're being woken up. I don't have much time. Something is wrong." I was confused, when she spoke her breath fogged up as if it was cold. Was it cold? Then I began to feel it. The cold. Icy cold. I started shivering in it. "You aren't supposed to wake up. Something is wrong." Her face flickered, becoming my own then Dol's again. "Make the right choices. Remember to make the right choices." Then she vanished. It was getting colder and colder though, my teeth began chattering together, my entire body began violently shaking. Everything was so cold. It felt like I was taking a naked dive in the Arctic Ocean in the middle of subzero temperatures. What was happening? Why was it so cold? The cold was becoming less and less bearable. I tried to scream but my throat was so dry…and it was so cold…I didn't know how long I froze for. It felt like decades. My thoughts were so clouded now…everything was so much less clear…and I felt like I should remember something…something important. Something so very important… Then the freezing stopped. Like a switch had been flipped in my brain it stopped. I became overly aware of a dry throat…my stomach felt like it was tearing itself apart. A choked sound escaped me. I tried to focus on what was around me, I tried to think but I couldn't think. My stomach hurt . It hurt so much. I couldn't open my eyes. They felt like they were glued together. Something touched my lips, I tried to focus on the sensation but the way my stomach hurt made it hard for me to focus on anything. Liquid touched my lips, sliding into my mouth and touching my throat. I didn't know what it was. I didn't care, instincts took over and I swallowed it, it hurt my stomach for the liquid to touch it. It hurt so much. But the feeling of the liquid against my dry throat made it worth it. The pressure on my lips that had to be a cup moved away followed by a wet cloth running over my eyes. It ran over them several times then hot fingers gently pulled my eyelids open. I made a sound as the dimly lit room filled my vision. It was extremely hard to focus on what I saw, there was the arm directly in front of me. Past the arm was a stone wall and a pile of straw with two small figures I couldn't identify. The room was lit by a small candle next to the straw bed. I winced when a liquid was dropped into my eye, I instinctively blinked it away. "Bella?" I didn't recognize the voice though I knew it was female. Now that I thought about it the voice wasn't the only thing I didn't recognize. I was aware of what things were, why they were there, and what they did. I couldn't remember anything though. I knew there were faces and names and memories I should have but I couldn't place anything. There was nothing. I tried to talk but all I managed was a sound that hurt my throat. I ended up focused on the pain in my stomach again. "Drink." She said as she pressed a cup to my lips again, I drank the liquid carefully. My stomach still hurt but the liquid that had to have been water was at least easing it. I opened my eyes again when she pulled the cup away from me. "Give me a second." She spoke softly then pressed another cup to my lips, the liquid in this was thicker than the other one and it tasted different. I didn't recognize the taste but it was amazing all the same. When it hit my stomach I almost cried in joy. Food. This was some sort of food in liquid form but it was food. "That's enough for now." She spoke quietly after the cup was empty and pulled it away from my lips. "Sleep, Bella." She spoke softly. I didn't intend on sleeping but I was sucked into the blackness anyways. " Hello, Bella." I was standing in a large field surrounded in trees, all around me were dead corpses and a girl with blue hair and ever changing eyes stood directly in front of me. " Who are you?" I asked her, she turned away from me, walking around the corpses that littered the ground. " A friend." I went after her, I tried to grab her but she stayed just outside of reach. " What happened to me?" " I'm not certain, Bella." She stopped suddenly and turned to face me causing me to walk into her. I looked at her warily. "Do I know you?" " You should." She spoke softly. " Who are you?" " I'm a friend." She smiled and pulled away from me. "Remember that. Remember me." The world around me began to fade away. I groaned as my eyes opened up. "Morning, Sunshine." That girl's voice filled my ears again. "Hi." I croaked the word out; it hurt my throat to talk. I focused on my surroundings again. I was still facing that stone wall, the three figures I hadn't been able to make out before were gone however the light in the room didn't come from a candle anymore. It came from behind me and was very bright. It had to be the sun. I knew it was the sun. I felt compelled to go investigate the source but now I was overly aware of how weak I felt. The person sat down in my line of sight, she had blonde hair and violet blue eyes. She looked familiar but I didn't know why. Why couldn't I remember anything? "I know you can't really talk yet. You aren't the first. What do you remember?" Not the first? The first what? "What?" I managed to ask, it still hurt to talk and I was becoming aware of the pain in my stomach. "I'll ask later." She frowned. "Do you think you can move?" She moved forward, laying her hand on my shoulder in a comforting gesture. I considered this for a second then tried to lift my head, it took a lot of intense focus and energy but I finally managed to will my body to lift my head for a few seconds before it fell back down against the soft material under my head. "It will take a while. I'm sorry." She squeezed my arm gently then stood up and moved out of my line of sight, when she was back in my line of sight she was holding a plastic cup. "I'm going to roll you onto your back." She set it down next to me and put pressure on my arm and side, forcing me onto my back. The limited force on my stomach made me sick to my stomach. "Don't puke on me." She shook her head disapprovingly as I stared at the ceiling above me, trying to keep myself from throwing up whatever was in my stomach. One word at a time wouldn't get me far in a conversation but my throat still hurt like hell. I debated on my next word as I observed what I could see from this spot. To my right I could now clearly see what had to be the exit to a cave covered by some sort of blanket. It was still weird. I knew what things were and what they did but I didn't know how I knew them. In front of me was a small thing I recognized as something called a crib. If I thought of the word I knew it was a bed for small people…kids. For some reason thinking of kids made me sad, I could feel tears welling in the corner of my eyes. "Who?" I asked as I moved my gaze to her. The word hurt to get out but I managed it. "My name is Rosalie. Do you not remember me?" I moved my gaze back to the blanket on the cave entrance. I didn't answer because the answer was obvious. I absently noticed I was hooked up to