A/N: Well I was looking for Jasper/Bella stories and found that some of my favorites are disappearing. I know this was a favorite that disappeared and so I'm putting it back. Many of you have the PDF copy but feel free to reread it here. If you want the PDF copy send me a PM with your email in the following format, because fanfic blocks them otherwise: name Please send it in a PM and not a review, If you send it in a review anyone and everyone can see it. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, songs, pictures, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. No profit is to be made from this fiction. This story is not to be posted or reproduced in partial or full content without written permission from the author. "Help us to be the always hopeful gardeners of the spirit who know that without darkness nothing comes to birth as without light nothing flowers." - May Sarton Chapter 1: I ran my fingers through my shaggy blonde hair and stopped to rub the back of my neck. Throwing my hands up in frustration I yelled, "Fuck! God Charlie, I don't even know what to say!" I truly didn't. I was heartbroken when Alice and I broke it off but Bella, Bella wasn't just heartbroken; her soul had been ripped away, broken and tortured. She was a zombie. ' Funny the idea of someone described as zombie-like coming from a vampire ', I thought to myself, but it didn't change just how true those words were. She may not have been seeking to eat people's brains like the movie zombies, but Bella, was barely there. She was lifeless, she did everything she was supposed to, but she was on autopilot. She didn't acknowledge people unless they asked her a question directly. Her eyes were vacant, haunting, scary. How a little human girl could look so scary to me , was really a testament to how bad this situation truly was. Charlie stared at me. Just stared. Though his face didn't let on what he was thinking, his emotions sure did. When I knocked on the door an hour ago he opened it with a smile. That smile quickly turned to a look of hatred and his feelings matched. "Is Bella home?" I asked, in as polite of a southern accent as I could manage. He gaped at me with incredulity. His emotions cycled rapidly from hate, to sadness, to longing, back to sadness, and then back to hate. He wanted to hate me, to be mad at me but he was so sad, it was hard for him to keep the hatred at the front. I honestly didn't know what was wrong, though. Why would he hate me so much? Did he even know who I was? I could tell Bella was home; I could smell her and hear her heartbeat, though I couldn't feel any emotions coming from her. I quickly convinced myself that the strength of Charlie's emotions was overpowering everything else. Charlie finally asked, feeling slightly curious and I personally think to verify if his anger was warranted, "You're one of the Cullen kids, right?" With a nod I drawled, "Yes sir, I'm Jasper." The anger was back full force and Charlie's face was beginning to turn purple. I decided to intervene sending him some calming feelings. Getting shot and having to explain why it didn't hurt me was not a good idea today. I noticed that Charlie wasn't wearing his gun belt, but it was within reach, hung on a hook by the door, and he looked at it out of the corner of his eye. There was no doubt he considered it. Once his face returned to a more normal human color, I asked again, "Is Bella in, sir? I'm in town for a few days and wanted to say 'hi'." He didn't need to know that I came back to apologize for trying to kill his daughter. I was sure that sentiment was not going to get me in the door. I knew she said she forgave me. She made sure to tell Alice and Carlisle that she wasn't mad. I doubted that she was angry or even afraid of me, because Bella was just that weird. But, I needed to apologize and talk to her face to face. So much had happened since her birthday four months ago. I needed to talk to her. Charlie stared for a second longer gathering his response. He was still angry and I continued to help calm him. He was sad, so sad and I couldn't figure out what he was so sad about. Was Bella okay? I knew she was here, so was she sick? Did one of his friends die? Did something else happen? He was terribly sad. "Yes she is here. But…I don't know if she'll want to see you…or anyone else in your family ," he spat the last word out. Okay, so he was mad at my whole family? Why wouldn't Bella want to see any of us? The confusion on my face must have made Charlie realize that I didn't understand. He sighed and rubbed his face feeling defeated. "Come in Jasper, I suppose it's not your fault. I'll go see if she wants to come down." With that he closed the door behind me and walked upstairs. I realized as he walked away that his shoulders were hunched over and he had appeared very tired, with large dark circles under his eyes. He moved slowly, like an old man. He even appeared to have aged a lot, though it had only been a few months since I last saw him. Granted, I usually only saw him around town or the occasional trip to pick up Alice from Bella's. He did come to our house once, but I still didn't know him that well. Yet my eyes were better than any human and so was my memory. He aged and he had lost quite a bit of weight, something was very wrong. What did he mean, 'I suppose it's not your fault'? What's not my fault? I was trying not to listen to the conversation upstairs or lack of a conversation upstairs but with my hearing that was impossible and I was simply curious about what was going on around here. As Charlie had made it to the top of the stairs, he hesitated. His heart rate and breathing picked up ever so slightly and he began emitting fear and concern. That had my attention. He knocked on her door and waited. His emotions gained just a bit more force and he opened the door after a couple of seconds. It didn't escape my notice that she didn't answer and her breathing and heart rate did not change at the sudden noise, something that usually would startle someone. I still couldn't feel her emotions. That was weird. Before I had time to think on that problem too much Charlie began speaking, "There's a boy downstairs to see you." He knew my name but chose not to tell her. Again that seemed weird. Why didn't he tell her my name? She didn't respond. "Don't you want to come down and see who it is?" he asked her, trying to peak her curiosity, I guess. Still no response. As I waited, I noticed the house was extremely clean. It was almost sterile. I don't think there was a speck of dust on anything. That's not typical for a human household. I've been to Bella's before, although I never really noticed if it was always like this. But it was something else that just seemed odd. I heard the bed creak in Bella's room and figured Charlie sat down with her. Why wasn't she talking to him? Was she mad at him? I was just about ready to go up there when he spoke again. "Bella, you have a visitor. I'm not sending him away, either you come down or I'll bring him up to see you." Bella's heart rate spiked a little but she didn't answer. Is she sick? I sniffed the air for any signs of illness that might be present, which I could possibly notice. There was nothing but cleaners and the lush fragrance of human. I knew my bloodlust was not an issue, but damn, I think I smelled a little too deeply, as venom pooled thickly in my mouth and I had to convulsively swallow it down, while the burn intensified. Charlie started back downstairs. Bella had never said a word and her heart rate went back to normal. If I didn't know better, I'd say she was asleep. But Charlie never acted like he was trying to wake her. I stared at him in anticipation as he slowly made his way down the stairs. I took note of the forlorn look in his eyes and the way his clothes looked crumpled and fit loosely on his frame. He stared mainly at the stairs while he walked. Was he ill? He didn't smell ill, from what I could tell. But I know I can't smell all kinds of illnesses or medications. Only some. He looked up at me as he came to stop at the bottom of the stairs. "Before I let you go up and see her, I need to ask you a few questions, son. Come sit in the living room with me for a few minutes." He was gruff with his request, but his eyes were filled with sadness and his emotions were of utter despair and longing. What was going on? That was my question, but I held my tongue to see what he wanted to know, though I had a pretty good idea at least what one of his questions would be. I followed him to the living room and sat in the beige rocking chair while he sat kiddy corner from me on the old brown and orange flowered sofa. I decided not to say anything and just let him ask his questions. So I gazed at him patiently, ready to calm him again if he became angry. I continued to listen for Bella but there was no change. "Why are you here?" Charlie started, but before I could answer he continued with the questions, "Is he going to be stopping by, too?" he asked with a great deal of anger. "Do you have any idea what we've been through since you and your family left?!" he yelled, but trying to keep his voice down so Bella wouldn't hear. He was turning purple again and sputtering words through his ire like-…left…no one…help…died…-Okay, now he had my attention. Someone had died? I calmed him again. When he was breathing normally again, I started to answer his questions and add in some of my own. "Sir, I just came back to take care of a few things at my parent's house and I came alone. No one is with me, so no one else is going to be dropping by," I stated calmly, making sure to emphasize that I was alone. I took a deep breath and asked my questions. "What is going on, sir? Has something happened? Is Bella okay?" I asked calmly and politely. I really wanted to see her and get some answers. He again gaped at me. Like I should know what's going on. His anger was beginning to spike and I just kept a steady flow of calm going towards him, since he was determined to be angry at me. But I needed answers. I needed to know that Bella was alright. We left her so she would live a full and happy life, but if there is something wrong then