The Devil Inside By: Mynxi Entry for Peter's Darlin's Love Bites Contest Winner for Best Plot and Voter's Choice I couldn't believe she was doing this to me! It's Valentine's Day! Of all the days she'd pick to dump me it was today! I asked Bella weeks ago to go to the Washington University's Valentine's Day dance and she accepted. Then that moron came along, what's his name? Oh yeah Emmett! Emmett the big dumb biker guy comes along and there she goes snuggled up on his arm. I could feel the darkness closing in on me. I couldn't believe this was happening, again! I was 6'3" of sex on legs and I knew it! Damn it! I couldn't even be mad at her. I was however, furious at me. I knew she was the devil. I knew it! Well yes, I could be mad at her, but I'd take her back if she'd let me. I loved her. I've loved her since the first day of classes when she sat down next to me in our Civil War History class. Her chestnut hair fell down her back and rested on her shoulders, her chocolate eyes looked into my green ones with an intensity that made me shiver, she could see my soul. Her perfect little rosy pouty lips said the most beautiful and mundane word. Hello. Her voice was beautiful, melodic and once I heard that one word I knew I could listen to her talk all day. I was playboy, a cowboy in Washington, I could have any woman I wanted and frequently did. She was different. She was shy but bold enough to sit next to me and blush at her one word greeting. I gave her the best panty-dropping smile I had. I wanted to make her mine. But she was different and I could feel that immediately. I couldn't explain it and my friends thought I was nuts. All Edward would ever say was that I needed to do her and pass her on. He was my best friend and roommate, a player like me, but he would not be getting this kitten. It started a month ago when the new semester started. She sat down next to me and I was hers almost immediately. I asked her out that very night. She blushed but accepted my dinner invitation. I'd guess she didn't know me or my reputation. I could only figure she was innocent in more ways than one because if she knew anything about me, I was sure she would have avoided me all together. The nice girls always do and she was definitely a nice girl. I introduced myself and we shook hands. That contact left my skin tingling and I couldn't believe how warm her hand was. I almost had to guess that the blush in her cheeks covered her entire body. Hmm...her body. I was lost in that thought as the professor started class that day. Her body, she was petite and perfect, only standing about 5'1" or 5'2" she had curves in all the right places and it was easy to tell. She didn't dress like a super model. She wore tight blue jeans and a form fitted green t-shirt with a fairly deep v-shaped neckline, I got a good glance at the cleavage but only because I was taller. I smiled at that thought. Even though it was a bit conservative compared to what was available it was still a nice view for me. I took her to dinner that night at a quiet French restaurant I knew about not too far from campus. I was doing my best to impress and I always aimed to please. We had a good time that night and I surprised myself by not pushing for more than a kiss. I think I was a bit intimidated to find out that her father was a Chief of Police. Even if it was a small town she's from that I've never heard of, he's a cop and that mattered. When I dropped her off at her dorm I walked her to her room door. She thanked me but didn't invite me in. I was honestly nervous for the first time in a long time when we got to her door so I was relieved that invitation never came. I got her number earlier in the night and promised to call her tomorrow. I leaned in for what I was assuming was going to be a quick nice to know you kind of kiss but she surprised me. She pulled me down wrapping her arms around my neck and crashing into my lips with a force and intensity I didn't expect from this kitten. My tiger-kitten. I felt her tongue run across my lower lip slowly, caressing asking for entrance which I granted. And Dear God was she sweet! I knew what I saw her eat and she tasted nothing of her dinner but had her own honeyed sugar flavor. This was what they mean by sugar-lips. Our kiss lasted several minutes because I was not willing to break it and had in turn backed her against her door. She moaned into my mouth as she thudded lightly on the door and pulled me closer. I kept one hand on the door and the other on her hip, my body pressed lightly against hers and I could feel her breasts rubbing against my abdomen and the rest of her body meeting mine perfectly. We never battled for dominance in the kiss. Once she started it she pulled back and it was all mine. Her hands locked around my neck played gently with the blond curls at the nape of my neck but stayed in that one place. "Get a room!" was hollered from down the hallway effectively breaking us from our kiss. The only kiss I've ever had where my soul seemed to be on display for the other person. It was a surreal feeling and I couldn't say it was completely unwelcome. She was going to be the death of me. I could tell that after one date. Her face blushed and I made sure to watch as that blush covered her cheeks, neck, and down into the little black dress she was wearing. Her hair had been pulled up so it gave me quite a nice view of her neck and I felt the yearning desire to mark her as mine. But I'd wait. I wouldn't go overboard with her. I had to have her but I could take my time. This one, I oddly wanted to keep. Amazingly enough, I did call her the next night which I never did, but I couldn't stop thinking about her, about that kiss. I always conveniently lost phone numbers. But this one, this one I was keeping. She was a raving beauty and she would be mine. I'm not sure I even knew then that I was in love with her, but thinking back that's the only thing it could have been. We spent every night on the phone and since we had class three times a week together I saw her often. We went out on the weekends and quickly became each other's life. I only had one worry. What about my reputation? I didn't have to wait long for answer; I was so worried she'd hear about it from someone else I decided to bring it up our first weekend together. That was the first weekend after I met her and I remembered that conversation like it was yesterday, it was life changing. "Bella?" I asked hesitantly while we sat in my apartment. Edward knowingly gave me the space for the evening at my request. I made Bella dinner even if it was only spaghetti and salad it was easy and I could cook it, so she was impressed, that's how I worked. "Huh?" she inquired around a mouth full of food. I had never had to have that conversation and I couldn't eat. I was nervous she was going to walk out on me. I really liked her, in a way that I had never liked anyone, not since high school. But Maria was not something I cared to think about. I loved her and she left me for Peter. Peter was my best friend and he stole my girlfriend. I wanted to kill myself when that happened. I had actually tried. I tried to hang myself in the garage but before I could take the leap off the ladder my mom came home. She found me and put me into a psychiatric hospital for 2 weeks. It was embarrassing and I made sure then and there I wasn't going to let another person into my life. I was never going to love again. I couldn't, it would kill me if I did. My thoughts of Maria clouded my mind and took my attention from Bella at dinner. I came back from the hell of my memories looking into her soft chocolate eyes and knew it was too late. I loved her and she had the power to crush me. I didn't want her to have that power but I didn't want to be without her, so again I'll put my heart on the line. I'll tell her about my past and my whoring ways and when she leaves I'll be no one. I set myself up for this heartbreak. I guess I needed to get on with it. "Where'd you go?" she asked and I wasn't quite ready to answer that question so I lied. That was easy, I could lie to anyone. It came with the person I was, the person I had become. "Sorry I was gathering my thoughts. I had something I wanted to talk to you about," I stated with perfect clarity not giving anything away to the battle raging in my heart. She nodded for me to continue. "Bella, I have a reputation around here. I thought it best you hear it from me, before it gets back to you," I stated as confidently as I could but I was scared and I'm sure she could hear it in my voice. She just nodded. What did that mean? Go on or that she already knew? I knew she wouldn't be here if she knew. I gave her a puzzled look, not sure what to do. She smiled a wicked smile. Holy Shit! Tiger-kitten was back and looking sexier than ever and she knows! Who was this woman? I knew my response to her smile was a look of wide-eyed shock. "I know," she stated calmly with that wicked grin still firmly in place. "You…you do?" I asked amazed. She smirked at me and God she was sexy as hell. "I always have," she said with a nod of her head. "Jasper, in all honesty we are both juniors at this college, do you think there is a female that doesn't know about you, that has been here more than a year?" she asked condescendingly. That put me on my guard. What was she doing here if she knew? She was a good girl. Her father was a cop. What the hell? I voiced my concern, "What the hell? You've always known? Then why agree to go out with me?" I asked incredulous. She was blushing beet red. "I wanted a ride," she whispered in answer and I was shocked. I couldn't believe my ears. She was using me for sex? Memories of Maria came crashing around me as I remembered the day she broke up with me. "You're only good for one thing and that's the ride, baby. I'm done ridin' you though. I've found someone I could love and he loves me back. You were nothin' but my toy and I'm done playin'," she stated in a chipper tone as she flipped her midnight hair at me and walked away. She left me standing