September 1st of 2017. Harry would remember that day like September 1st of last year. James was going into his second year, while Rose and Albus started their first. Albus glanced over his shoulder one more time at the platform as he stepped onto the train. His view was of his parents beckoning him to continue. He quietly waded his way through the groups of children and teens hesitantly until he came upon Rose and James and he plunked himself in between his brother and the window. The train started to move and he watched his family disappear along with the station. "Do you think he'll be alright," Harry asked Ginny, suddenly getting worried. "He can write to us anytime he wants, we bought him his own pet.'' "I know, I'm just concerned that I'm going to get a letter at two in the morning from him saying he wants to come home." "Well, when you two were pretending to tie your shoes," Ginny gave Harry a sly grin, "I told James to look after him, he'll be fine." "That's worse," Harry laughed, jesting at his eldest son's tendency to make trouble. Then again, he did name him James. He was just filling it. Albus on the other hand was usually the small sibling, small being the most shy. James was boisterous and a firework of emotion, you could feel his personality when he entered a room. Albus wasn't necessarily a easily frightened child, he knew when and how to stick up for himself, given that, he was just a loner. Harry at the thought of Albus getting scared over being a Slytherin had him wondering if he would get through Hogwarts unscathed. Albus definitely wasn't an ambitious boy, but with lack of the explosion a Gryffindor has, he was curious. Granted Albus did have personality though, lots of it, but just not immediately. "C'mon Harry, we should go find Teddy… apparently he was making out with Victoire." "I'm gonna kill him," Harry said with a sigh as he spun around to go hunt him down. Back on the train they were now out in the wide open world. Rose had opened a school textbook a few miles back and began studying. Albus was staring out the window when James' leg stopped shaking and he stood up. "I can't take this anymore," his voice was drooling with anticipation. "What do you mean," Albus asked from his retreated corner. "I have to do something, this train ride is so boring." Rose looked up from her book long enough to play mother with James "and what, pray tell, are you going to do," confidence in every one of her words. "That's the question Rose… that is the question," James put a finger to his lips to think, there was a beat, then he dashed out of the compartment. Rose scoffed and returned to her textbook, unamused. It wasn't even a minute later when they heard a crash. "YOU WANKER!" Rose slowly closed her eyes in disappointment as Albus kept to himself like he heard nothing. Speedy footsteps made their way back to the compartment and sure enough there was James with soot in his hair looking mad. "I think I just pissed off the Malfoy," then he took off again. "You brought it upon yourself," Rose whispered without her eyes leaving the pages. Albus' eyes darted from Rose to the sliding door a few times before he got up and bolted out too. Due to the black walls and floors, the presumed crime James committed was a smoke bomb thrown down the corridor of the train. Albus inspected the dust and found the hypothesis correct. He chuckled at the mess James had made, his curiosity had gotten the best of him and now he was to return to his seat across from Rose. "YOU, POTTER!" Albus winced, knowing where this was going. He peeked behind him to see an angry eleven year old dressed formally and his hair combed back. If he didn't know it was Scorpius he wouldn't of known there was platinum hair under all the dirt. "Hi, I'm assuming you're looking for my brother." At the sight of Albus his expression softened "sorry, he has me a little cross right now." "He has that effect on people." "All of my baggage looks like my hair." Albus snorted and covered his mouth with his hand instantly to stop it. "It's not funny," Scorpius retorted with wide eyes. "It's a little funny," Albus replied still trying to subside his laughter to a sharp exhale of breath. "Okay, it's a little funny," Scorpius pressed his lips together so he wouldn't grin "but there's a lot of expensive things in my suitcase and if I don't get that stuff off, my dad will end me.'' "I'll help you clean your suitcase if you help me get even," Albus' demeanor changed into mischievous. "What?" "That's what you do when someone pranks you, you get them back." Scorpius looked out the window "what do you have in mind," he side-eyed Albus with a smirk. "Chocolate. Frogs." Scorpius ruffled the dirt out of his hair and followed Albus down the train corridor. They jogged down the hall together until they came to a corner. "You distract her, I'll grab all the chocolate frogs," explained Albus quickly and quietly. Albus moved his hand in a 'move out' gesture and they went into position. Scorpius walked up to the cart and stood on his tiptoes to look over it eagerly. "Anything from the trolley?" "A Bertie Bott please," Scorpius asked holding out a few galleons in his hand. Albus power-sliding next to the cart and started piling his arms with chocolate frogs. Scorpius took the Bertie Bott's he bought and held it up thanking her and trying to keep his eyes from darting to Albus standing up with his grasp full of the stolen goods. They hurried back to Scorpius' compartment and threw all the cards on the seat, and counted exactly how many. "I believe we have twenty-three here," Albus sighed as he backed away from the chair and sat on his legs. "Can we go through my luggage before we do this?" "Of course," Albus answered as he got up and stretched. Scorpius pulled down a large black suitcase and it bounced on the floor from the force on landing too hard, the child trying to hold it down. They took out every piece of clothing, cleaned it, then put it back. At one point Scorpius went and changed into the uniform since it was getting dark outside. He came back with his robe grazing against the floor and flowing out and he bent down to grab the giant bag. Albus helped him put it back up and then they peeked out the door and down the hall for any sign of James. With no evidence he was anywhere near, they sprinted down the corridor to where Albus had sat with Rose. The book she was reading when Albus left was the only thing in the compartment, except for the baggage above. Albus glanced right, then left, making sure the coast was clear and climbed on the seat pulling James' trunk down onto the floor. Scorpius pried it open just a few inches, then Albus opened the chocolate frogs slightly and shook it at the trunk until a 'ribbit' was heard and a 'plop'. The boys both snickered when the deed was done and a continuous croaking sound could be heard from James' trunk. "ALBUS," Rose's voice flooded through the train to them. The corner of his eye catching that she had changed into the Hogwarts robes and was hastily moving towards him "I've been searching for you since you left the compartment." "I only went to see what James was doing," he stammered. Even though they were the same age, Rose could be terrifying sometimes. "I swear you are as bad as James, we're nearly there, you need to put on your robes soon," she commanded in an authoritative voice. Albus looked irritated now instead of taken aback, her continuation of badgering putting in a frustrated mood "Okay, I know." Scorpius was awkwardly still standing next to Albus, his face growing red now feeling out of place. Why did he get his hopes up that anyone would want to be friends with the son of a known death eater family. "I guess I'll see you later," Albus said, his voice implying otherwise. "...Yeah," Scorpius did not believe him. All three cousins sat back together in their robes when the train pulled in at the station. The second there was a jerk from the train coming to a stop, James was off his seat again, and gone, out the door. Rose put her now finished book away, as Albus only stared out the window watching everyone walk by. Rose got off the train, from inside Albus saw her walk down the platform with other first years. He finally plucked up the courage, he rose up from his seat and lightly stepped to the door of the train. Children were everywhere, some moving down the sidewalk, others making their way to the gate across from the train. Albus hopped onto the platform when an enormous burly man stepped out holding a lantern. A couple of first years stood in awe of him, some others made some form of a gasp knowing who he was. "Good day to ya, I'm Rebeus Hagrid, groundskeeper and Professor of Care of Magical Creatures, if ye are firs' years, best follow me," his bellowing tone could be heard from across the world, but Albus and many others knew he was friendly. He followed Hagrid with everyone else to the boat dock to sail across the lake and enter the Great Hall. Last year was the first time Harry got to know if first years still enter by boat. Teddy would've told him on his first year, however he had got detention before he even got off the train and was escorted by McGonagall herself. Placed in a small boat and sent off with Rose, Albus pondered at the water they glided on. It appeared as black ink, littered with the reflection of the stars. He dipped his hand in, and gazed at the stream that was left in it's trail, smiling at it for some reason he didn't know. "Albus stop, we're not suppose to," Rose whispered. Albus felt as though she came as a mom her couldn't take her rebellious son anywhere and needed to set him straight. He scoffed and rolled his eyes "whatever," and brought his hand back into the boat. Hogwarts was just as beautiful as ever, standing out above the horizon with its shining lights in the dark. When they reached the dock across the lake, an elderly woman in dark green robes and her hair in a bun greeted them with a slight smile. "Welcome first years students, I will escort you to the Grand Hall to be sorted into your houses, shortly after your luggage will be brought to your rooms," she instructed. She began ascending the stairs to Hogwarts when she stopped and turned to them momentarily "everyone please keep up and do not wander." In the Great Hall all the students were sitting, waiting for the new students to come in and be sorted, James sitting at Gryffindor table chatting with his friends, not a care in the world "now that Ted is gone there's no one to make the year fun anymore." "What about you, don't you have some good tricks up your sleeve this year," his cousin Fred asked. "I do, but who am I gonna prank," James inclined, slamming his head down on the table in desperation. "Twelve years old and he's already peaked," Fred joked. The grand doors to the Great Hall moved open and McGonagall in all her glory coasted into the room with her robes trailing behind