The Council of Elrond Frodo awoke in a small room, as sunlight poured in from outside. He kept his eyes shut for a minute, savouring the peacefulness of the surroundings. Eventually, he convinced himself he would have to wake fully, and opened his eyes. He let out a manic scream as he saw Gandalf standing over him with a chainsaw and hockey mask. Within seconds, Sam was in the room and had wrestled the drug-induced wizard to the floor, who thrashed slightly before falling into a scarily peaceful sleep, absent-mindedly sucking his thumb. Sam then mustered all his strength and pulled Gandalf into a sitting position, threw the chainsaw out of the window (which was followed by a scream from a passing elf), pulled the hockey mask off the wizard's face and picked up a nearby electrical lead to tie Gandalf to the bedpost. He turned to Frodo, who was still in shock and being forced to breathe from a respirator by another elf. Sam knelt by his bed and clasped his hand. "I'm so sorry, Mr Frodo," he said, tears pouring out of his eyes. Frodo managed to catch his breath slightly to feebly shout, "What the hell was that about?! Why didn't he meet us at the Prancing Pony?" Sam didn't know the answer, but after a few minutes, he had conveniently found a thought-reading machine in a nearby room. He wheeled it inside, set up the projector to face a wall, and plugged to lead into Gandalf's ear, who snuffled slightly in his sleep. He picked up a remote control, and seemed to scroll through what looked like a DvD menu, until he reached the chapter called "My Journey to Orthanc". He clicked play and sat down on the bed a little bit too near to Frodo, helping himself to lard butties and chocolate cake that had been placed on the hobbit's bedside table. (The service is good in Rivendell!) Frodo glanced up at his gardener, slightly startled at the sudden garishness, but when the flickering titles of a spaghetti western style film sputtered on to the screen he promptly forgot all about it and grabbed a handful of popcorn from the elf that had, only a few seconds before, stopped him from hyperventilating. Crackly orchestra music filled the chamber and a sepia image filled the screen of a crude Gandalf hand puppet on a horse made of a toilet roll on a stick. Gandalf was cantering towards a far off pepper pot; obviously meant to be representing Orthanc. Suddenly, the music became dark and booming, as the (even more crudely made) Saruman puppet popped up on to the screen, next to a speech bubble saying, "Guess what, Gandalf? I've been chatting to Sauron on MSN messenger, even though we all agreed to put him on our blocklists! I'm pure evil!" Puppet Gandalf's drawn on mouth dropped down into a perfect little 'o' and Sam choked on his buttie. The music became quiet and broody as a speech bubble floating somewhere over his horse's head wondered, "But how could this have happened? All this time I've been vigilantly watching him from me hobbit homies' cribs, searching for the bling of Sauron, and he's been having web-cam chats with him? Playing online games? Endorsing This means war!" Grabbing another handful of popcorn from his new elf-companion, Frodo watched in mild amazement as each puppet wizard drew their staffs (which, if you're going to be picky, really did just look a little like cocktail sticks) and proceeded to beat the magical crap out of each other, while the viola section of the orchestra took the opportunity to play a minute and a half of MC Hammer's 'Can't Touch This.' The screen flickered and the scene changed to a memory of Puppet Gandalf at a tea party with several stuffed monkies and teddy bears, humming loudly to himself. As the animals suddenly became much more menacing and leapt over the small table to begin savaging the wizard, the hobbits realised that this was clearly a section of memory where Gandalf had been unconscious. Then it changed back to Puppet Gandalf sitting alone atop a large tower (or, in this case, pepperpot), shivering. It was raining and he was soaked through, the puppeteer occasionally making him shake like a dog to get rid of some excess water. A small (and, very obviously, fake) moth flew up to Puppet Gandalf and landed on his arm. However hard it was to tell whether or not it was actually looking at him, Frodo and Sam were sure that the wizard was being offered help from this poor and lowly creature. The music was soft and gentle, but seconds later it had stopped abruptly as Gandalf's hand had slapped down on top of the bug, and he wiped away the moth inners on his robes. The orchestra were clearly stuck for something to play, and the sound of ruffling sheet music was heard and whispered orders. Then, they struck up again, in the familiar tune of "Jaws". Something evil was drawing close. At every "duh-dun!" in the music, Puppet Saruman poked out of one of the holes of the pepperpot and then disappeared, only to reappear from another one, slowly working his way to the cowering Gandalf. Then, as the music rose to a crescendo, he burst from the hole nearest the soaking wizard rather suddenly with an evil grin hastily scribbled on his face in felt-tip; he cackled nastily and began pointing and gesticulating at Gandalf. "Embrace the power of the Ring!" said the small speech bubble on a stick next to him, which was quickly changed to a second: "Or embrace your own destruction!" The puppet Saruman moved forwards and strapped a large block of C4 to Gandalf's chest. Gandalf looked down at his chest blankly, as if trying to work out why there was a connection between a block of explosives and the word "destruction". But, as Puppet Saruman threw back his head in an evil laugh, a huge shape blocked out the moon. Gandalf stared at it open mouthed: it was a huge penguin hand-puppet. It flapped it's flippers and did a fly-by of the pepperpot, clearly waiting for Gandalf to make the jump. Gandalf took the moment to stand tall and point his minute finger at Saruman: "There is only one Lord of the Ring," said the speech bubble, "and he does not support international terrorism!" And with that, he ripped the bomb from his chest in a "becoming-the-Hulk" motion and leapt from the pepperpot. However, he tripped on his heavy, soaking robes and plummeted head-first into the ground, landing with a splat. Then the screen went blank. When nothing came from the projector, Sam frowned, got up, kicked the machine, and when it did nothing more apart from fall apart, he unplugged Gandalf and untied him, then carried him out of the room, leaving Frodo to contemplate what he had seen. When Frodo was finally fit and well, he began to wander around Rivendell more and more. It was only then that he realised that Bilbo was still there. When he saw him, he ran to him and hugged him as hard as he could. He had forgotten how old Bilbo was, and the sound of a cracking spine filled the air as the hobbit collapsed, twitching on the floor. Frodo looked shiftily left and right before stealing the inscribed sword from Bilbo's waist, the shiny mail coat from under his top (how he got it off without removing Bilbo's shirt, we will never know) and he sprinted away, to the sound of police sirens growing louder in the background. Somewhere away to Frodo's right (if you go through a couple of walls, and don't consider any vertical measurements) and about three hours previously, Glorfindel was striding confidently down a corridor. He didn't really have anywhere in particular he needed to be; he was just walking as a way of passing the time. In fact, things had been unusually quiet for about…nine days now. As he passed the library, Glorfindel was struck with an incredible idea (well, not that great, but he is blonde, you know): perhaps Erestor was inside. Since he had earlier seen Lindir, the tone deaf chimney sweep, picking up a lyre and attempting to fulfil his name and become a singer; and the twins insisting that everyone call them Figwit 1 and Figwit 2, he figured there was something in the realms of a fanfic at work here. And since he was always paired with Erestor in fanfic (and quite rightly too), he figured he might be able to get a quick snogging session up against a bookcase (or a quick something else if he got lucky and the fic was rated highly enough) if he went in and played his cards right. Glancing round the door he scanned for his target, but felt his disappointment right down to his - well, I'll let you guess – when all he saw was Elrond and Legolas, sat together, completely absorbed in a book with equal looks of exasperation on their faces. "Ok, Legolas," Elrond was saying through gritted teeth, "let's try this again. Read the letters." Legolas screwed up his face in concentration, "See…Ay…Tee?" "Very good," praised Elrond with all the integrity of a children's TV presenter, "now try the letter sounds ." "Cuh…Ah…Tuh. CuhAhTuh. Cat!" "And he might well be the King of Mirkwood one day," Glorfindel murmured to himself and he turned and left in order to keep the will to live. Speaking of the will to live, he suddenly had another thought about Erestor (not that these were few, nor were they far between). He had checked the generic Glorfindel-Erestor-fluff-in-the-library setting, but perhaps this wasn't that kind of fic. Should he quickly browse Rivendell and check Erestor wasn't the star of an angst attack and currently trying to hang himself from his bedpost, or send out a search party to ensure he wasn't being attacked by a Mary-Sue? He never actually made this decision though, as at very second he was distracted by the sound of hooves on the cobbles outside…familiar hooves…Asfaloth's hooves! He ran to the window and looked down. There was Arwen, looking like she'd been dragged through a hedge backwards, holding some midget in front of her and sitting astride his horse! Glorfindel fumed right down to his leather cowboy boots and, grabbing a handy rope that was hanging from the window (thankfully without Erestor's neck on the other end), he swung down into the courtyard looking like a cross between Robin Hood, Tarzan and Daisy Dukes. Not surprisingly, Arwen was a little surprised to see him. She actually dropped her midget out of shock. "Glorfindel…I didn't expect to see you here…how are you?" "Oh, not too bad," replied Glorfindel, airily, "I had lost my horse, but I think I've just found him." Arwen turned even whiter than she usually was: so white that Glorfindel was sure he could just about see through her pearly skin. "Ah…yes…about that…" she stuttered, trying to inconspicuously move herself away from Asfaloth by a kind of sideways line-dancing step. "You see…I needed a horse…" "To do what with? Charge recklessly through the countryside hoping to find a mildly good looking tramp and a handful of midgets?" "Well…" Arwen gave a guilty little half-smile and tried to look anywhere but at the discarded (and slightly green tinged now that he looked properly at it) midget still lying on the floor. "You did that? On my horse? You Horse Stealer! And if it was that Mr "You can't let your horse crap in my presence – I'm a future king" boyfriend of yours you were visiting…" Arwen gave the pout to rule all pouts at the jab at her betrothed, and, if you listened really carefully, you could just about hear the sounds of Legolas' lips imploding. "It was, wasn't it? On my horse! You'll pay