Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. JK Rowling, her publishers, and Warner Brothers own Harry Potter. A/N: This fic will be lighter than Darkness Visible. Chapters will be longer, but the fic itself will be shorter. It will be focused on the twins, with the Marauders and Snape as secondary characters. Chapter 1: Sorting Things Out - October 30, 1994 – "I got the sneezewort!" George shouted excitedly, entering the sixth-year boys' dormitory. Fred cheered. "Knew you could do it!" he said, beaming at his twin. "Any trouble getting in?" "Nah," George said. He took out his wand and began undoing the transfigurations he and Fred had made to disguise him. "No one questioned seeing a Slytherin in the dungeons, or heading to Snape's office." He gestured at the "borrowed" uniform he was wearing. The house elves had been only too happy to help two of their favorite students, provided that they promise to return the uniform before laundry day. "Told you," Fred said smugly. "Now all we need to do is add it, and then keep the potion stable while it matures. Then pour this little beauty on the age line –" " – and then no more age line," George finished happily, handing Fred the liberated ingredient. After measuring carefully, he added it to the simmering potion. The door to their dormitory burst open, and Lee Jordan ran in, breathing heavily. "Hey," he panted, "you'll never believe what happened! Cormac just tried to snog Katie!" "What?" George whipped around to stare at Lee. "You're kidding!" "No! Honest to goodness," Lee said. "What'd she do?" Fred asked, laughing. "Well –" The potion exploded. "Good evening, gentlemen," a familiar voice said. Fred opened his eyes. He was lying in a bed in the Hogwarts Infirmary. George lay on the bed across from him, blinking blearily. Headmaster Dumbledore stood at the other side of the room, looking unusually grave. "What – what happened?" Fred asked. "Where's Lee?" "I was rather hoping you could tell me," Dumbledore replied. "I admit, I was not expecting to see two unfamiliar students in Gryffindor tower two days before the start of term. Nor do I believe I know anyone with that name." "Unfamiliar?" George asked, incredulous. "He's the quidditch commentator. How can you not know him? Or us?" Dumbledore frowned. "The quidditch commentator is Miss Elsbeth Goldstein. And I am afraid that I have not had the pleasure of meeting either of you young men before now." Fred started to laugh. "Good one, sir," he said, chuckling. "You almost had us believing you." "But given the number of times –" "– we've been sent to your office –" "– we know you'd never forget us!" Dumbledore shook his head. "I admit, you two bear an uncanny resemblance to the Prewett twins, who graduated several years ago and were frequent visitors to my office. However, I have already taken the liberty of consulting with them, and they assure me that they have nothing to do with your mysterious appearance. For once, I am inclined to believe them." Fred and George exchanged worried glances. Uncles Fabian and Gideon Prewett had died only a few days before they had been born. They certainly had not graduated several years ago. Twenty years ago, maybe. Not several. "Headmaster, um, what year is it?" George asked. Dumbledore's eyebrows rose. "You claim to be from another time?" he asked. The twins shrugged in unison. "That would depend on what year it is," Fred said. "It's 1994 for us," George added. The headmaster frowned. "I see," he said. "Would you mind if I confirmed that?" he asked. Fred shrugged. "Sure." Dumbledore stared into his eyes. Fred suddenly felt an urge to blink, but found that he could not. After what felt like several minutes, Dumbledore turned aside. "My apologies, my boys. It appears that you have indeed travelled through time. The current date is August 30, 1976." Fred and George choked. They had not even been born yet. Percy had barely been born. He would only be eight days old. Fred shook his head in disbelief. He could not imagine Percy the Prat as a squalling infant. He glanced at George, and then they turned back to the headmaster. "How can we –" " – get back?" Dumbledore shrugged, blue eyes twinkling. "Time does not like to be meddled with, and often finds a way to restore equilibrium on its own. I suspect – although, alas, I cannot be certain – that your visit to us here will only be a temporary one. I shall need to run some tests to be positive, but I would imagine that your predicament should resolve itself." Well, that was a relief, at least. Not that being back in the pas would necessarily be such a bad thing. Fred was fairly certain that he and George could remember enough about what happened in 1976 to earn a decent amount of gold. Ludo Bagman got his start as beater for the Wimbourne Wasps that year, didn't he? It would only be fair that they earn something from his success, given how he cheated them after the World Cup. Fred suddenly felt guilty. There were better things – far better things – to use their knowledge on. Mum's brothers. "Sir, could you make sure that the Prewett twins stay away from Diagon Alley on March 30, 1978?" George nodded vigorously. Dumbledore's blue eyes sparkled, but his tone was somber as he said, "Your thoughts do you credit, my boy, but the past cannot – should not – be changed. Terrible things happen to wizards who meddle with time." He sighed, looking suddenly old and weary. "Terrible things," he repeated. "Often, things worse than that which the wizard tried to prevent. I am certain you know many things that I would like to know, especially given the current political climate." You-Know-Who , Fred thought. "But time has a way of seeking vengeance. If, for instance, I acted to save your uncles – yes, I deduced the relation – time might instead redirect itself to find another target, a target even closer to your hearts." "You've tried changing things before," George accused. Dumbledore nodded. "And lost far more the second time. I would not see anyone else fall into that trap." Fred gulped. He glanced again at George, who nodded. They would keep their knowledge a secret. Pranks were one thing. Playing with people's lives was something else entirely. Dumbledore clapped his hands, breaking the somber silence that had fallen. "Well, now that that is settled, we will need some identities for you two gentlemen." "I'm G-" Fred began, but Dumbledore held up a hand, interrupting him. "I do not wish to know. Indeed, I think it extremely dangerous if I do know, given that I am, apparently, still the headmaster when you, ah, disappeared. The less information I have, the less ability I shall have to affect the timeline, even unintentionally. Furthermore, the less others know, the safer we shall be. "Now, I do believe that you," he nodded at Fred, "would make an excellent Feodor Vassilyev." Nodding at George, he continued, "Whereas you seem more like a Gustav." He sighed. "My first instinct is to isolate you from others for the integrity of our timeline." "No!" Fred shouted, appalled. "You can't do that!" George agreed. Dumbledore raised a quieting hand. "As I said, that is my first instinct. However, I agree that – given that I cannot be certain how long you shall remain trapped in this time – extended confinement would only be cruel. Although this is against my better judgment, you do appear to be students and this is a school. I will allow you both to attend classes, but I wish to impress upon you the importance of not trying to change events. Even if – " His voice faltered momentarily, and then he continued, "Even if the life of someone you know and love is threatened." He sighed. "Be warned that I will not hesitate to reconsider should I feel that you are a danger to the timeline." Who did Dumbledore lose? Fred wondered. "Yes, sir," George said seriously. Dumbledore smiled. "Excellent. In that case, which classes are you taking? I would recommend Divination for the pair of you – something that I do not often say – as it will provide a ready excuse should you accidentally refer to something that has yet to take place. And which year are you in?" "Sixth," Fred said. "And we're taking Potions, Charms, Transfiguration, and Defense." "And Divination," George added. "Excellent," Dumbledore said again. "I'll ensure that both of you have the necessary supplies." He paused. "And, I think, it might be wise to alter your appearance somewhat. You do both greatly resemble the Prewett twins." - September 1, 1976 – Albus beamed and clapped as each of the new first year students was Sorted. Finally, "Yeats, Sinead" was sent to Ravenclaw. He rose from his throne-like chair at the center of the staff table. "And now, I am delighted to announce the arrival of two transfer students, Feodor and Gustav Vassilyev. They will be joining the sixth year class. I hope each and every one of you will make them feel welcome. Professor McGonagall, if you would please place the Sorting Hat on them?" Feodor stepped forward first, grinning and bowing at each of the various tables. Even with non-descript brown hair, thicker eyebrows, and sharper cheekbones, Albus could see the Prewett twins in every line of his movement. I wonder if I could . . . . Albus forced himself away from that train of thought. All those years ago, he had gone back a few hours to try and save Aberforth's legs, lost when Ariana's accidental magic had lashed out. He had succeeded, but a mere hour later, Aberforth and Gellert had gotten into their terrible argument, and Ariana – poor, sweet, innocent Ariana – had ended up dead. Never again would he risk meddling with time. "GRYFFINDOR!" the Hat shouted after barely a few seconds on Feodor's head. The young man removed the Hat with a flourish, bowing deeply to Minerva as he did so, and then jauntily made his way to the laughing, applauding Gryffindor table. Minerva called Gustav's name. He blew kisses to the crowd as he approached the Hat. Minerva closed her eyes as if fortifying herself for a long year, and then placed it on his head. There was a long, long pause. At last, the Hat shouted, "SLYTHERIN!" Albus sighed slightly in relief. The Hat had initially argued against automatically re-Sorting the two boys in their original Houses, saying that people could change over time. Although Albus certainly agreed, he worried that placing the two of them together would risk letting more information about the future slip out than if they were separated. In his experience, people were more likely to discuss sensitive information in the supposed privacy of the dorms than elsewhere in the castle, and Albus was concerned that their roommates might overhear something that they should not. Besides, judging by their uniforms, they had been Sorted into different Houses once before. From the Gryffindor table, Feodor nearly fell off the bench in shock. "What?" he shouted, sounding horrified. Albus felt a sinking feeling in his stomach. Was Gustav not a Slytherin before? But he was wearing a Slytherin uniform! Gustav handed the Hat back to Minerva, and then stuck his tongue out at his twin and winked. He stuck his nose in the air in an over-the-top parody of snootiness and strolled lazily to the Slytherin table. " Well, you're about as easy to Sort as it gets, just like your twin. Gryffindor through and through, aren't you? You were one before, and you're one still," the Sorting Hat said in George's mind. " Good to know," George thought. "Why haven't you called it out, then?" " Well, I would normally. But the headmaster