Written for the 2016 Dramione_advent on LJ. My prompt was Yule Log. This may be one of the fluffiest things I've written in a long time! Many, many thanks to those who nominated me for this year's Advent! Huge thanks to my beta extraordinaire, Delphipsmith, who worked her magic while buried under a ton of snow. The poem/song that Luna sings/recites is called the Wood-Burning Rhyme , In The Green Wood by Mother Goose. Also, the Family Yule Log Ceremony is one used in Pagan/Wiccan craft. Disclaimer: The characters and canon situations in the following story belong solely to JK Rowling, Scholastic and WB. I am not making any money from the publishing or writing of this story. "Thank you for calling Luna's Help for the Helpless, Balm for the Battered, Succour for the Soulless, Comfort for the Crazed—" "Erm..." "—Support for the Stricken, and Warmth for the Wounded." There was a period of silence. "Hello?" Luna called into the mouthpiece. She then tapped the cradle several times. "Do you need a kind word?" A dial tone was her answer. "Blasted Nargles, they're always infesting the circuitry." Dropping the phone onto its base, she sighed. "How am I supposed to help anyone if they don't stay on the phone?" Hermione Granger strolled past her dejected friend, writing something on a piece of parchment. "It might help if you shorten the name." "I firmly believe in a service that states its purpose straight off," Luna said. "I mean, we provide more than just a willing ear to listen to a wizard's or witch's problems, and I think it's important to build trust with our customers." Hermione sat across from Luna and gave her a sympathetic smile. "Not to sound jaded, but most of the people that call your hotline are beyond help within the first five seconds of you rattling off the name of your company." She looked distinctly perplexed. "Not to mention that most of the wizarding world doesn't have a phone, and I'm truly surprised anyone calls at all." Luna sighed. "I know you're just trying to cheer me up with your pessimistic view on life, Hermione, but I provide a valuable service to those suffering from STD." Hermione nearly choked on her tea. "STD? I think you mean PTSD, post-traumatic stress disorder." "Oh, really? Hmm. That would explain the odd looks I got when I passed out our business cards in Diagon Alley." Luna withdrew a stack of multi-coloured cards from the pocket of her purple corduroy dress and waved her wand over the lot of them. "There. Now I'm sure we'll receive at least three more calls today." Hermione snagged one of the altered cards, then frowned. "Luna, you have our address listed on this card. I thought I told you it would be unwise to reveal our location, as we want to remain anonymous." Luna waved off Hermione's irritation. "Everyone knows you're a bleeding-heart, Hermione, so this is the perfect job for you. And I haven't exactly disguised my voice when I answer the phone the four times it rang in the week we've been here. Someone was bound to figure out what the space above Madam Puddifoot's was being used for, so I just avoided all that silly subversion and added our address in case someone wanted to show up instead of call." Hermione stared at her, nonplussed. "But it's only been seven months since the end of the war. Don't you think there might still be some disgruntled Death Eater that would love to find us?" Luna's dreamy eyes lit up. "You think so? That would be lovely. They could be our first true clients, seeing as they probably have the most damaged psyche and are in need of help this holiday season." "They aren't the only ones," Hermione muttered under her breath. "Tell me again why I agreed to help you with this?" Luna began ticking things off on her fingers. "Because we're both on winter holiday from Hogwarts. We both participated in the war and watched people get blown up. We both have nowhere to go at the moment, as your parents are still 'not your parents' in Australia and my father is trying to rebuild our house. And we both enjoy telling a person the answers in life, except my way of explaining things is much nicer." Hermione could not honestly argue with any of Luna's reasoning. Well, except for that last bit. She happened to think the way she presented solutions was optimal, just not popular. Further introspection was halted when there was a ring from the extremely old-model phone. Luna grabbed the handset quickly and began her spiel. "Thank you for calling Luna's Help for the Helpless, Balm for the Battered, Succour for the Soulless, Comfort for the Crazed—" The phone was snatched out of her hand by Hermione. "Sorry, hello?" Silence on the other end. Then, a hesitant, "I can't believe I'm doing this…" The voice sounded somewhat familiar, but it was muffled. "If you're worried about anonymity, then I can assure you—" "Granger? Is that you?" Hermione stared at the receiver, panicked. "I think you have the wrong number!" She quickly hung up. Luna raised her eyebrows. "Who was it?" "Nobody! Erm, at least… well, it was nobody I want to speak with." "Why not?" "Because!" Hermione snapped. She glanced at her nails. "Besides, it probably wasn't him, anyway." Luna sat up and leaned forward, her curiosity obviously piqued. "Oh? Was it someone you had a clandestine affair with during the time you were on the run?" "What? No! I never cheated on…" Well, there wasn't exactly anyone to cheat on, was there? Ron had truly never quite returned to his old self after carrying Salazar Slytherin's locket, and the residual darkness that lingered about him made her uncomfortable in intimate situations. Add to that the fact that she had gone back to Hogwarts to finish her education while he and Harry had chosen not to, and her few thoughts of starting a relationship dissipated like the smoke that rose from the rubble that fateful day last May. "Did you just have a flashback of memories about you and Ron pining for each other? I thought it would've been shorter," Luna mused. "Odd partnership, that. And I should know, I write for the Quibbler on occasion." She studied Hermione. "So, if it wasn't your forbidden war lover, then who was it?" Hermione began to pace. "I don't know, honestly. I hung up before he could identify himself. But I know only one person that says 'Granger' like that: Draco Malfoy." Luna tapped her chin with her wand. "It would make sense." Hermione stopped wearing a path in the carpet. "Why? He would never deign to contact an organisation like ours. And it's not like he was damaged during the war. Much." Before Luna could reply, a sharp knock rapped on the door to their office. Both witches looked at each other for a few moments, stunned. When it happened again, Hermione edged towards the door. "I told you not to give out our address, Luna!" she hissed before opening the door. A shivering Draco Malfoy stood there with a perturbed look on his face. "I should sue your company for fraudulent advertising. 'Help for the helpless' my arse." "There isn't any scenario that would peg you as 'helpless', Malfoy," Hermione huffed and tried to slam the door in his face. His hand caught the frame and shoved it back. "I thought you were a know-it-all, Granger. Your education seems to be lacking." He walked in, bold as you please. "Now, are you lot going to help me, or shall I call my solicitor?" "Do you need to unburden your soul from all the darkness you experienced at the hands of Voldemort?" Luna asked she rounded the desk. Both Draco and Hermione stared at Luna. "No!" they said in unison, then turned to look at each other with varying degrees of suspicion. "Maybe a joint therapy session, to cleanse the air between you two?" Luna offered. Draco and Hermione wore similar horrified expressions. "I don't need any help," Hermione said primly with a sniff. "Delusional," Malfoy snorted. Luna cleared her throat and gave them both a stern look. "Why don't you tell us what you need help with, Draco?" Hermione watched as the impossible happened before her eyes: Draco Malfoy looking contrite and awkward. He shifted his feet, took off his fur hat and twisted the edge of it with his fingers. "I need your help," he mumbled. "Obviously," Hermione snipped. "Quit being confrontational, Hermione," Luna admonished, taking her friend aback by the reprimand. "Now, how can we help you?" Draco hesitated, but forged on. "I need help retrieving a Yule log from our forest." The silence was deafening. "Excuse me?" Hermione asked, not quite believing what she'd heard. "I need help obtaining a tree large enough for the Yule log ritual," Draco repeated in irritation. "I was thinking of something a little more metaphorical, Draco," Luna replied finally. "You know, like talking about the gaping, bleeding wound in your soul that will eventually suck the life right out of you." "Cheery thought, that," Hermione said happily. She immediately regretted her words at the despondent look on Malfoy's face. "Sorry." Draco thinned his lips and shrugged, acting as if he were not troubled. "It's not something I haven't heard before, Granger. I just thought… well, it doesn't matter what I thought." He donned his hat and headed for the door. "Thanks for at least letting me in the door." Luna glared at Hermione, who gave her a 'what?' gesture. Luna pointed at a departing Malfoy. Hermione rolled her eyes and sighed. "Malfoy, stop." Draco paused on the threshold. "What?" Hermione bit her lip. "We'll… help you." He narrowed his eyes. "Why?" "It's what we do, apparently," Hermione gritted out as she sent Luna a heated look. Draco studied Hermione, making her somewhat uncomfortable, though not in the same way Ron had. She tensed briefly as Malfoy withdrew his wand, then relaxed when he cast a spell on a piece of cardstock before handing it over to her. "This is a portkey. It will take you straight to the edge of the woods. Be there in two hours." He pocketed his wand and stared at Hermione. "I appreciate your willingness to help me." "That must have taken a lot for you to say," Hermione muttered. Draco straightened his hat and winked at her. "You have no idea." He quickly departed, leaving Hermione flustered. "Oh, you're in trouble," Luna sing-songed. "I have no earthly clue what you're talking about." "Smartest witch, my arse." "Luna!" "Your false outrage makes this even more amusing, you know." "Stop." "Quite a suitable atmosphere for a romantic tryst—an ancient wood, a dashing anti-hero with a troubled past, a Yule log." Hermione gave her a confused look. "What does a Yule log have to do with anything?" "Long, winter's night, a hot roaring fire that burns for at least a fortnight, lots of opportunities to cuddle by said fire," Luna said, slyly. "Yule magic is powerful, anything could happen." "I won't know, will I? I won't be there for the end result," Hermione said forcefully. She grabbed her cloak and scarf. "Come on, I want a hot chocolate before I have to trudge through the freezing cold." Luna placed her multi-coloured beanie on her head. "Can I sing Christmas carols as we—" "No." "But—" "Not even if a herd of yetis were advancing on us and the only way to stop them was to sing 'Jingle Bells' at the top of your lungs." "Actually, I heard they consider 'In the Bleak Midwinter' a lullaby. How about that one?" Hermione locked the door behind them. "Only as a last resort." Hermione was freezing her backside off. She was knee-deep in a snowdrift, staring into a thick forest that seemed to go on forever, her teeth chattering despite