Written for Ariel_Riddle for the 2016 Dramione_Duet community on LiveJournal. The prompt was to write a story that was AU/no war or Voldemort/7th year, so keep this in mind while reading the story. This was harder than I imagined, as I'd never actually written anything in that vein before. It was in turns frustrating and fun! The idea/concept/theory of why Voldemort is no longer in the wizarding world is credited to SilverLullabies on Tumblr. Huge thanks to my beta, Delphipsmith, who is wonderful in her wisdom, generous with her time, and thought this story read like Pride & Prejudice. You are awesome, my dear! Disclaimer: The characters and canon situations in the following story belong solely to JK Rowling, Scholastic and WB. I am not making any money from the publishing or writing of this story. Hermione glanced at the book the young Hufflepuff had just laid in front of her. Practical Dragon Keeping; Or How to Survive the First Six Months Caring for a Dragon Without Being Eaten by none other than Charlie Weasley. She smiled to herself, knowing that if anyone would be a master of dragon whispering, it would be the Weasleys' second son. She waved her wand over the spine of the book and recorded the name of the student checking it out from the Hogwarts library on a piece of parchment that kept track of such things. "Thirty days, Silas." The first-year student gave her a hesitant smile. "Do you know Mr. Weasley? Only, you're friends with his brother, and I wondered if—" "I've only met him once, and he was a bit preoccupied with being the best man at his brother's wedding," she said, seeing the obvious stars in boy's eyes. "But he had a lot of scars, so working with dragons won't be easy. Just keep that in mind." Silas nodded, his excitement not in the least diminished. "Thank you, Miss Granger." She cringed. "It's Hermione, honestly." But she was speaking to no one, as the boy had left quickly. "That's the fifth time he's checked out that book," Luna said from behind her. Hermione glanced over her shoulder and smiled. "I think someone is smitten." Before Luna could respond, a loud thud sounded and both girls turned to stare at the singed witch standing at the desk, aiming a murderous look in their direction. "Pansy," Hermione said cordially. She took in the soot covering Pansy's face, the still flaming wisps of her hair, and the blackened fingertips. "That Fulminis spell giving you trouble again?" An ugly sneer curled Pansy's lips. "Shut up, Granger." She narrowed her focus to Luna. "Why are you in here? Wouldn't you be more at home up in Trelawney's tower?" "It's kind of you to think of my comfort, Pansy, but you should really keep your mind on Draco. I'm not interested in another man's witch." Hermione snorted, earning Pansy's ire. "Have something to say, Granger?" the Slytherin snapped, "I didn't think so. You can snicker all you want, Mudblood, but you'll never be anyone's choice, not in the wizarding world. Potter is only interested in your brain, and Weasley is pathetic enough to hang on anyone's coattails. So once you leave Hogwarts, where will you go, hmm? I don't know why they invite Mudbloods to Hogwarts in the first place. It's sad, really, giving them the hope that they'll be accepted in our society. It's just setting them up for failure and disappointment," Pansy added with mock sincerity. Hermione breathed out slowly, trying to dispel the hurt and vulnerability that every word caused. "I'd rather be a lowly teller in a Muggle bank than stuck being nothing but vacuous arm candy to Draco Malfoy, but that's just me." "And here I thought you were smart, Granger," Pansy retorted with a nasty leer. "See, Draco may not be my true love, but once we're married and I have access to all the Malfoy money, I can make my own happiness. Give him a child or two and he'll let me do as I please." "Does Draco know you're only marrying him for his money?" Luna asked innocently. "I don't know if I could sell myself that cheap." Pansy nearly lunged over the counter but was stopped by the tip of Hermione's wand pointed at her chest. "Attacking another student, Parkinson. Tsk tsk. That would be detention with Professor McGonagall for at least three weeks." Pansy grimaced and backed off. "Get stuffed, both of you!" She turned and left in a flurry of robes. "Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, but it appears Pansy only gargled," Luna mused. "And then spit," Hermione added conspiratorially. The girls' laughter could be heard throughout the library. On her way to Advanced Potions, Hermione couldn't help but recall Pansy's words and she knew, no matter how much she'd hated them, there was a bit of truth to them. Unbeknownst to Parkinson, Hermione did have plans to attend university after Hogwarts, and her focus would be Magical Law, thank you very much. She had never questioned her own intelligence, and it would take a far more powerful witch or wizard to make her doubt herself and her abilities. No, the part that had made her just little bit insecure was the fact that, no matter who she fancied, she never seemed to either attract anyone's notice or gain the courage to ask anyone for more than friendship. She supposed it had started from the beginning. Meeting Harry Potter on the train to Hogwarts had been anticlimactic for Hermione Granger. She'd read all about 'The Boy Who Lived' when she'd found out she'd been invited to attend the wizarding school. How, as Voldemort performed the 'Killing Curse' on Harry, it rebounded and the backlash destroyed the Dark Lord forever. She figured there was more to the story than what the books revealed, but that information would need to come from the source, and was expecting a solemn boy who carried the weight of the world on his shoulders. So when she finally came face-to-face with him while searching for Neville's toad, she was… taken aback. The boy with the lightning bolt scar, black messy hair and green eyes was smiling and laughing with an ease Hermione hadn't expected. He was a bit on the thin side, but otherwise looked quite decent. When she'd asked after Trevor, Harry had just shook his head and offered to help her in her search. Ron Weasley had clearly had a different opinion, giving her a 'you're obviously mental' look. They never did find the toad, but after being sorted into Gryffindor, they'd all became fast friends. At one point, she'd fancied herself in love with Ron, but one disastrous date in Hogsmeade firmly nixed that budding attraction. Fancying Harry seemed incestuous, as he was far more brotherly, so that had only been an idle musing at best. During the Tri-Wizard Tournament, she was surprised to be asked by the star of the Durmstrang Quidditch team to the ball, which had been lovely… until later when she'd caught Viktor in a heated snog with a girl from Beauxbatons underneath one of the staircases. She even swore there were little birds and hearts floating above their heads. Needless to say, nothing ever came of that little diversion. So she'd focused on her studies until she realised it was her seventh year, and soon she would be leaving. Oh, she'd noticed the few wizards that gained her attention, but no one ever remained on her mind for long, other than the infamous Draco Malfoy, and he only stayed there due to irritation and annoyance. As she entered the Potions classroom, she mused that while she was at the head of her class, she'd been terrified as a first year; now, in her last year, she felt quite competent, but not much else had happened in the interim. "Don't you ever brush that bramble bush atop your head, Granger?" Hermione ignored the wizard and witch to her left and continued writing in her Potions notebook. "Of course she doesn't, Draco," Pansy sniggered, leaning against Draco. "She doesn't have the Galleons to buy Sleekeazy nor a decent brush." Hermione noticed from the corner of her eye that Malfoy had shoved his fellow Slytherin off him, earning himself a death glare. For some reason, Hermione received the odd impression that it was all right for Malfoy to insult her, but no one else. "No, you're thinking of Weasley. From what I hear, Granger's quite flush." "How would you know?" Pansy asked in a low and harsh tone. Hermione was curious as well. It was common knowledge that both her parents were Muggle dentists and, as such, financially sound. What wasn't known, however, was that they'd started a mixed trust once they found out they were going to have a child. In fact, the only way a person in the wizarding world would've known about her financial standing was if they were part of a financial institution, such as Gringotts. It occurred to her that Lucius Malfoy had probably provided the information to his spawn, since he was on the governing board of the bank. She laughed to herself at the thought, wondering what Malfoy's reaction would be if he knew that what was in her account at Gringotts was merely a fraction of what she actually had access to at the moment. "Mr Malfoy," Professor Snape barked, gaining their attention. "Perhaps if you focused more on your studies than harassing Miss Granger, you might actually pass your N.E.W.T.'s instead of failing miserably in your chosen profession." The smirk that Malfoy had been wearing disappeared immediately while Pansy's moue of distaste just grew deeper. Hermione covered her mouth to stifle the laughter that wanted to escape, even though Snape raised a disdainful brow in her direction. "Your father could just buy your apprenticeship," Pansy whispered to Malfoy. "Don't see why you need to take—" "Miss Parkinson, you may leave," Snape intoned sharply. "There is no earthly reason for you to remain in this class when your main objective is to become Mr Malfoy's wife once you leave Hogwarts." Pansy rose abruptly, her stool scraping on the stone floor. She flounced out, pausing only to eye Hermione meaningfully and drawl, "At least I'll have a life after Hogwarts." Snape rolled his eyes. Malfoy grimaced. Hermione returned to the notes she was taking on the Wiggenweld Potion, giving the scene little more thought; this sort of thing was an almost daily occurrence in the seven years she'd been at Hogwarts. Something changed, however, when, at the end of class, a folded slip of parchment was placed next to her satchel by none other than Malfoy himself. She gave it a dubious look. "For your hair," Malfoy said, roughly. He then quickly gathered his belongings and rushed out the door. Somewhat in shock, she stood in the now nearly abandoned room, staring at the note. "Miss Granger, give me that," Snape demanded, his voice brooking no argument. Startled, Hermione blinked several times before snagging the parchment and handing it to the professor. She watched him unfold the note and read it, his eyes widening once he reached the bottom. "Do you know what this is, Granger?" She cleared her throat, worried that it was something derogatory instead of what Draco had implied it to be. "Malfoy said it was for my hair." Snape nodded. "It is an ancient recipe, handed down from generation to generation." She frowned, noticing his uneasiness. "Is it safe?" He snorted and laid the parchment out for her to see. "If you're from the Black family, it's quite innocuous." "What?" she whispered. She glanced over the ingredients, dread rising with every dangerous item listed. Snape leaned back in his chair and steepled his fingers, studying her. "The Black family has notoriously curly, wiry hair, thus requiring a preparation that will tame the locks into some resemblance of order. Draco's mother is a Black,