"Passengers please fasten your seatbelts; the plane will be landing in 5 minutes." The sound came from the announcer, and I groaned. Humans weren't really a soft spot for me, and I did not like being told what to do, nevertheless by one of their kind. I was heading to forks because it was getting too suspicious staying in the other city; humans always ruined my fun. "The plane has now landed. Please grab your stuff, and remember us the next time you decide to fly. Come again!" The announcer said through the speaker. I might have squealed as I got my stuff off the plane and went to find my dad at the gate. I walked trying to find him. After a minute I saw him holding a sign that boldly said Ashley Carson , I ran to him. "Daddy I missed you so much!" I said, happily and kissed his cheek. I was wrapped around him now, my arms around his neck, and my legs around his waist. I was just so happy. "How have you been since I left? Did you ever find someone to keep you company yet? That would be really cool, but I would be jealous of you attention to her. But, I don't think anyone can not pay attention to me, right? Okay, anyways, I missed you so much!" I took an unnecessary breathe and smiled at him again, hugging him as tight as I could. He laughed at my ranting and I smiled at the sound; I loved him so much, even if we weren't biological related. "Honey, I think you're going to have to stop that before you make me hate you." My dad said sarcastically, and I laughed. "Oh you love me, old man!" With that, I ran toward his house, using my sense of smell of course. I loved the rain, and that was a good thing. It always rained in Forks, and it was about an hour from Port Angeles to Forks. But how could you not love rain? And as you can probably tell I am not human, and I have a very serious case of ADHD. Yeah, not very fun. "You can run faster than that, dad!" I yelled to my dad behind me, and I was rewarded by an echoed laugh. There was an interesting scent that the forest showed and I was curious, but you know the saying: curiosity killed the cat. And I was not stupid, so I ignored it. Maybe my dad would tell me about it when we got home. I got home and 10 minutes later dad got there, too. I hugged him and went upstairs to kill time before I had to go to the billionth high school tomorrow; and I'm not exaggerating at all, but that story is probably good for later. That's when it belatedly hit me that my dad didn't answer one single question I asked earlier. "Dad!" I yelled, and a laugh sounded from downstairs. I guess he did that on purpose, but he's a dad. What are you gonna do? Beep. Beep. Beep. I groaned at the sound of the alarm clock, knowing that I had to start yet another freshman year at high school. I grudgingly got up and lazily found my way toward the already opened bathroom, already stripping down my clothes to take a quick shower. I actually didn't hate school in general; it was just the humans that came along with it. I remember when it was about 1863 and Maria and I been roaming the world together for 100 years and wanted to claim our territory back in Texas. I was already far older than her, but she stuck with me all the same. It was a very dreary day in Texas and I absolutely hated it. I loved the sun, even if vampires couldn't enjoy it in public, it was still nice. Maria was with the other two of our group, Sarah and Annalisa, to find the best warriors from the war. I didn't like to do something when I didn't have to, so I stayed in bed with nothing to do. Suddenly I heard a crash from downstairs and cursed. Clumsy bitches, I thought to myself chuckling. They were never careful with anything and that's where I come in. I was not the one that changed all the new born, but I was appointed to change this one. Jasper Whitlock, I think his name was. I quickly dressed up it my favorite clothes and headed down the stairs. Thump. There was another bump and when I turned the corner into the sitting room, the three of them had a human in their arms. Jasper Whitlock. He was a beautiful human to human standard, with his honey caramel hair and blue eyes, he was gorgeous. He was look furiously around the room until his eyes gently landed on mine. " Jasper," I said calmingly. He looked more pointedly at me as soon as I addressed him. "You are a great soldier, and we wish to change you into something stronger. It is truly a gift and I promise to keep you safe, okay?" He nodded as if he was under a spell. " Good, my name is Ashley Smith. Come with me and I shall change you myself' it will hurt a lot, but the outcome will be worth it." " Okay Ashley." He whispered, and I looked at him closely, studying him. " You shall call me Mistress young one; you did not yet earn the right to call me by my first name." He nodded and stepped forward to follow me. " I will be back down once Jasper's transformation is complete, my sisters." I said to Maria, Sarah, and Annalisa. " Very well sister." Maria told me smoothly, and the rest nodded as they walked out of the room. I started walking up the stairs and Jasper followed behind me, his footsteps echoing in the dead silence. I opened the door to one of our 'newborn changing' rooms and stepped aside for him to walk in also. He seemed to assess the place as he walked in and deemed it fit to be inside. " Lay down Jasper," I told him softly, gesturing to the bed at the north end of the room. He did as I said and moved to the bed, lying on the bed just as I asked. I walked to him and ran my hand through his hair, enjoying the shudder that ran down his body. "You are safe young one, just relax and I will change you. You have nothing to worry about, and I will see you in 3 days." He nodded and sighed. I leaned down and kissed his neck before I bit straight through his neck. I ignored the blood that was there, and pushed as much venom into him as I could; it would make the transformation as short as possible. The last thing I heard from Jasper was a whisper, " Mistress." I sighed at the memory that was very vivid, due to vampire memories and all. Jasper ended up being the best soldier we had ever had; it was such a shame when I let him go. The others had wanted him forever, but I could see how miserable he was becoming; I let him go and he thanked me thoroughly, but I had never seen him ever again after that. Oh well. I changed into pin/196258496233497617/ after my shower and went to go bug dad; It was really fun to do. When I walked down there, there was a lady that he was passionately kissing up against the kitchen table. And when I say passionately kissing, I mean full blown make out session. It looked so gross. The lady was about 5' 7'' compared to my dad's 6' 3"; even I was taller than her. I was 5' 10" and proud of it. I was guessing that this was why he didn't answer any of my questions yesterday, and that he was probably not going to tell me on his own. And to my surprise they still didn't notice me standing directly in the kitchen door, with my mouth screwed up into a sick face. I felt like I was going to puke. I guess I'll have to break this up myself, I thought to myself evilly. I cleared my throat very loudly and they finally stopped pushing their tongues down each other's throats. Mental image, I shuddered. "So, are you guys going to say something or what?" I asked amused. They both looked embarrassed to have been caught and I found it quite hilarious. "Kate, this is my daughter Ashley. Ashley, this is my fiancée Kate Denali." My dad said quietly, as if to make me not hurt him but that wouldn't stop me; I was pissed. "You proposed without even telling me?!" He nodded wordlessly and I growled at him, but tried to compose myself enough to say hello to my dad's fiancée properly. "Hey, as you know I'm Ashley! It's nice to meet the girl that finally stole my dad's cold dead heart." I spoke sweetly and my mission was successful because my dad glared at me with his red eyes; that used to be green. Kate just laughed. I was starting to like her, "Nice to meet you, too. Your dad talks about you a lot, it's like I know you myself." I laughed at my dad's embarrassed face, but remember the only reason I woke up this early I the morning, "So dad, get your ass off that couch and take me to what the world calls a school." After a pointed glare from my father, he finally got off his lazy ass and walked to the front door. He was followed closely by Kate and I smiled. Even if he was annoying, I was very happy for him; I wasn't going to admit it though. We all got piled into the car and started driving to the hell hole of a school. "I hope I'm not stepping of a line, but I couldn't help but notice that you don't smell exactly like a vampire?" Kate asked timidly. I didn't freeze, though; I knew it was bound to happen at some point. I leaned so that my head was in between the front seats, and I rested my head on her shoulder. She seemed to relax after she knew I was not mad. "There's no need to worry Kate, we will explain it to you after Ash gets back from school." My father said nervously. I hope I didn't ruin his chances at marrying her; I would hate myself for the rest of my never ending existence if I did. We finally pulled up in front of a small school, and it said Forks High School on a sign boldly in front of the school. I groaned loudly and Kate laughed at me. I figured I would make her happy now, so that she would feel more comfortable. "Bye mom, bye dad." I said lightly, and I heard Kate turn to me, but I was already out the door. I started walking toward the main office and I noticed that I was attracting a lot of attention. Just what I need, I thought harshly in my head. I continued my walk up the stairs to the door, when I was ambushed by a greasy black haired male. He was smiling at me creepily and I was really uncomfortable. "You're the new girl Ashley Carson, right?" He asked happily, and I nodded carefully. "Well, I'm the eyes and ears of this school, so if you need help getting around the school at anytime, just ask me." I tried to ignore how I didn't know him and he already called me by my first name; I wasn't used to that, and I didn't welcome it. Stupid humans! "Well thanks, could