Victor's POV I twirl the knife around and around in my hands, taking deep jagged breaths. It's been hard to breathe lately. It's been hard to breathe for a while. Black hair caked with blood, red eyes glistening in the darkness, a girl screaming as she's ripped apart by mutts. Some of these images are my own. I saw them with my own two eyes, I felt the terror. Some of them I've only seen on film, but I knew the people it happened to. I walked where it had happened. She had a brother, he had a sister, they had grown close in the arena. He was feeding his family, she was caring for too many, it all hurts too much. When I first got out if the arena, I read everything I could about the other tributes. Every Capitol website, magazine, newspaper. Anything I could get my hands on. I rewatched each interview. A dark green jacket with holes torn in it, blood seeping through, an ax soaked in blood, a girl with her limbs at awkward angles. Did any of them deserve to die? Did this truly have to be their fate? What was the point? It didn't accomplish anything besides giving me nightmares for the rest of my life. A slit throat, blood trickling down and soaking the neck of a T-shirt, shocked eyes, the life fading from them fast, moonlight reflecting off of stone. The knife's light, the handle made of wood that's been polished until it shines. It would be beautiful if only... A knife sticks out of her chest and she struggles to continue breathing, a knife digs into his neck, blood spurting up around it. If only it weren't so deadly. Small hands fiddle with the skirt of her dress, large hands brush the hair out of his eyes, it's cold and she rubs at her arms. I don't want to carry the knife around with me, but at the same time, I don't feel safe without it. I'm still in fight or flight mode, and I need to be ready to fight. He clutches at his stomach, a choked noise comes out, he stares up at his killer in shock. Do I deserve to be alive? Was what I did justified? Can I be forgiven? A backpack carried over tiny shoulders, brown hair tied back in a braid, fingers fumbling with shoelaces. What terrifies me more? The memory of a sword being swung at my head, or the memory that he bit that necklace when he was nervous? An arm raised to block a blow to the head, fingers pulling back an arrow, a knife clenched tightly in her fist. You know how this story ends. Ray Pyle, 15 years old, District Eight I'm woken up by a small weight landing on my stomach. I groan and rub my eyes with one hand, feeling around next to my bed for my glasses with the other. With my glasses on, I recognize the weight as my little brother. "Is that my new wakeup call?" I can't help but smile at the wide grin that spreads across his face as he nods. "Mmkay. Get off me so I can get some food though, okay?" Ritter scrambles off and leaves our bedroom, most likely for the kitchen. If you can call it that at all. It's just a small room next to the washroom where we keep the small amount of food that we have. We don't have a stove or refrigerator like the richer families do. We don't need them. We don't have meat very often - not unless I can catch something in the woods if I get the chance to go out. And if I do manage to catch something, we can just build a fire outside to cook it and eat it right away. I get up and get dressed before following Ritter to the kitchen. He's perched on one of the stools we have there, his legs tucked under him, making him look smaller than ever. He needs to have more food. Desperately. I always feel guilty about his size. He's small because I can't provide for him. I know it's my fault. And Dad's, I guess. But mainly mine. I should've dropped out earlier, I should take more hours at the factory, I should try to get more of the foods that he needs... I was lucky. Mom was still around when I was little, Dad wasn't drunk every other night, and we were doing okay. I was able to grow properly. We were... happy. I don't blame Ritter for us being unhappy now. Or at least, I try not to. It's not his fault. It's Mom's, and Dad's, and... mine. I'm not blameless in all of this. I could've tried harder to fix things. It's not his fault Mom couldn't handle having a child who would never say her name and decided to split. It's not his fault Dad couldn't handle Mom leaving and decided to start drinking. It's not his fault. There's a tug on my sleeve and I look down to see Ritter staring up at me with big hazel eyes. He gives me thumbs up, sticking his bottom lip out slightly. Are you okay? It's not proper sign language, of course. We would never be able to afford a book that could teach it to us and the teachers at his school don't care enough to help him. They've just decided that he's going to amount to nothing without giving him the chance to prove himself. I push his hair out of his eyes gently. It needs to be cut. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just thinking. Go sit down again, I'll see what food I can find." He returns to his stool while I go to the small cupboard where we keep the bread and fruit that we're able to buy. There's not much there today: only a couple of apples and a bun. I tear off a third of the bun for myself and give the rest to Ritter along with one of the apples. His eyes light up as soon as he sees the food and he starts eating instantly. I sit down on the other stool, trying to figure out how to bring up the subject of the reaping today. Is it really a reaping though? The tributes have already been decided upon. There's no hope for them. No volunteers are allowed this year. All that's left is telling the district who they are. I think this is the first year that Ritter might actually understand what I mean when I explain the Games to him. I have to go about this carefully. "Hey Ritter... You know that the reaping's today, right?" He nods. "Do you remember how I told you that it's for the Games?" Another nod. "Well... When people go to the Games, they usually don't come back." He tilts his head to the side slightly. Why? "They... They die. And when someone dies, you won't see them again. Ever." Another head tilt. "Because they're gone. And you can't see them until you die as well. And dying hurts a lot." He bites his lip and stares at the floor. "And there's... There's a chance that... That I might have to go to the Games." His head shoots up again. "And if I go... I probably won't be coming back." He flings his arms around my waist and shakes his head. "I wouldn't have a choice. But if I go - which I might not - you'll have to be very brave, okay? You'll have to look after yourself, and keep yourself safe. You can't rely completely on Dad." He shakes his head again and hugs me tighter. It's not a sign, but the meaning is clear. Stay. "I will. I might not be reaped. I just want you to be prepared, okay?" He hesitates before giving me a small nod. "Good. Come on, let's do something fun before the reaping." We head out to the market, where only a few vendors have their stalls open, most wishing to stay home with their families before the reaping. One of them sells knickknacks and we head to that one first. It's manned by a boy with blond hair and glasses with a small crack in one of the lenses. He gives us a wide smile. "Hi! Are you guys looking for anything in particular?" I shake my head. "We're just looking for something interesting. We're not buying anything though." He nods and is quiet for a minute or so before speaking up again. "You'll be in the reaping today, won't you?" "Huh? Oh, uh, yeah." "Here." He picks up a bracelet from the other end of the table and hands it to me. "It's a good luck charm. Free of charge." "Oh... Thank you." The bracelet's made from straw, small pieces of metal with carvings in them woven throughout. "How did you make this? Straw's not exactly... conventional." He smiles. "It's a tradition where I come from. I used to live in one of the outer sections of the district, but I moved in more last year." "Oh. Well, thanks. Hopefully this'll work... Not much it can do now though..." The vendor looks thoughtful. "No, I guess that's true... Ah, but there's still a few more years for you, right? So take it anyways. You never know when you might need a little luck." He gives me a wide smile. "Yeah... Thank you." The half-hour warning buzzer goes off and the vendors start to pack up their stalls. "Uh, what's your name?" He looks up from closing lid on one of the boxes on the table. "Hm? Oh, uh, Rain. You two should get going. Don't want to be late." I nod and take Ritter's hand again. "Thanks for the good luck charm." "Not a problem." He stacks the boxes on top of each other and heads into the nearby warehouse while we head towards the main square. Ritter gives my hand a small tug. I look down at him. "Yeah?" He gives me a thumbs up and gestures back towards the market. "Yeah, he was nice." Hopefully he makes it through the reaping safely, I add silently. Ritter's grip on my hand gets tighter the closer we get to the square. I give him the most reassuring smile I can manage. "Hey, look at me?" He shakes his head, burying his face in my side. I stroke his hair gently. "I'm going to be alright, okay? And once the reaping's done, we won't have anything to worry about for a while. We can do something fun, okay?" I glance around quickly for Peacekeepers before quietly adding "I'll take you into the woods after, okay? That'll be fun. We can see if we can catch some squirrels, okay?" He wipes his eyes and gives me a small nod. "It'll be over soon, okay? Stay behind the ropes until then, and I'll meet you by the bakery after, okay?" I kiss the top of his head gently. "I love you." He signs it back to me - the only actual sign we're both able to remember- before letting go to let me get into the sign in line. Once they've taken my blood, I head to the 15-year-old section and stand near the edge, trying to avoid the others as much as they try to avoid me. I've never gotten along well with the rest of my grade, even when I was still in school. It was never by my own choice though, always theirs. I'm still not sure what I did to make them hate me. I don't care that much now though. I don't have time to. Wynfor Ambrož Buranek takes the stage, his suit even more complex this year than any other. He must be going big for the Quell. The top starts as orange, leading into yellow near