Lily paced back and forth across the small living room in the flat she shared with James and Sirius. She should have been out with Marlene and Dorcas, celebrating her last night of freedom. That's where James was, with Sirius, Remus, and Peter, at his "stag party"-the irony of the name had been heartily appreciated by all involved. Instead she was trying not to dissolve into a full-blown panic attack. She had no business getting married; she was only nineteen for Merlin's sake. Weren't there laws against this sort of thing? She studiously avoided looking into the room she and James had been sharing since June. She didn't want to have to renew her lease with Dorcas and Marlene only to break it in three months, so she had taken up James's offer to move in with him. It would be like practice, he had told her with a grin. She had giggled and kissed his cheek. Now she couldn't even think about it without feeling sick. They weren't ready, how could they be? Just three years ago she would have gladly attended his funeral and thrown the after party. And tomorrow she was supposed to become his wife? She sank to the floor, and put her head in her hands fighting down the hysterical sob she could feel forming in her throat. Suddenly, the front door flew open Lily could hear hurried footsteps trailing into one of the bedrooms. The footsteps stopped and then slowly returned to the living room. Lily looked up and met Sirius's confused and slightly frightened gaze. He was holding a bottle of firewhiskey in his hand, clearly the reason for his hasty return. "What?" she demanded, but the question came out more like a croak. "Everything okay?" Sirius inquired, slowly placing the bottle of alcohol on the coffee table as if she were an animal he was afraid of startling. "Can't you tell?" she asked, her voice cracked and a quick sob escaped before she could stifle it. "Er, well, no…" he glanced longingly at the front door, obviously wishing to escape through it. After a glance back at his best friend's fiancée, he made a decision and sat down on the couch, dragging her up to sit beside him. "Now, what's the problem?" "It's-it's just-" she started, and then stopped as sobs racked her body. "Ja-James and th-the wedding," she had to stop to blow her nose. "I don't know if I wa-want marry him," she sobbed. She suddenly realized what a picture of a bride she made, crying to the best man about whether or not she should marry the groom. "And I'm a terrible person!" she cried, feeling more miserable than she had in years. "Shh, Lily, Shhh," Sirius tried to calm her, rubbing her arm awkwardly, but couldn't stop the feeling of dread and panic that was settling in his stomach. James would be crushed if Lily backed out. "Why are you questioning whether you and James should get married?" he asked, hoping she could provide him something to go on, some way to convince her that marrying James was the right thing. "I-I don't know," she hiccoughed. "Everything just happened so- so fast." She looked down, wringing her hands in her lap. "Fast?" Sirius asked, thrown for a moment at how Lily could find any part of her and James's courtship fast. "Yes!" She shouted, distressed. "It feels like yesterday I was hoping he would catch scrofungulus and get sent to St. Mungo's!" Struck by a burst of inspiration, Sirius stood up and turned to Lily. "Stay here, I'll be right back," he instructed her, rushing back into his bedroom. When he emerged a minute later, he was carrying a large bowl-shaped stone. He set it on the coffee table in front of them, and turned back to Lily. "This was supposed to be your wedding present," he frowned. "But it looks like it may be of more use to you now." "A pensieve?" she asked, looking Sirius in confusion. "Very good, Evans, ten points to Gryffindor," she smiled sardonically at his teasing tone. "Unfortunately, the pensieve is on loan. This," he pulled a small vial out of his pocket, "is your gift." He pulled her to her feet, guiding him to stand beside him in front of the stone bowl. Carefully, he uncorked the vial and poured its contents into the pensieve, allowing them to swirl for a few moments before taking her hand. "Ready?" he asked, waiting for her to nod before they both leaned headfirst into the pensieve. They landed softly in a familiar location. "The Hogwarts Express?" Lily glanced around. Sirius nodded, guiding her into a nearby compartment that held three dark haired boys and a small redheaded girl. "That's us," Lily observed, walking with him into the small compartment. They arrived in time to watch eleven-year-old Lily pull a young Snape out into the hallway, slamming the door behind her. First year James and Sirius called taunts after them, laughing at their own cleverness. "She was cute," James noted with a just a touch of regret in his voice. "Rubbish taste in friends, though." "Maybe she'll end up in Gryffindor, too," little Sirius suggested, trying to cheer up his new friend. "Maybe," James answered hopefully. The scene shifted, and suddenly they were in the dungeons at Hogwarts. Only a year or two had passed, judging by their relative sizes. Younger James and Sirius roared in laughter as Snape's potion suddenly exploded out of his cauldron, coating him thick green goo. Little Lily turned to glare at them before moving to help Snape clean up. "You don't have to-" Snape protested angrily. "I want to," Lily silenced him with a look. "Did you see his face?" James laughed, clutching his side. Younger Sirius did a dramatic reenactment, sending James into hysterics. The period over, Slughorn released them all before thanking Lily for helping to clean up the mess. She nodded before hurrying to catch up with her fellow Gryffindors. Adult Sirius and Lily followed their younger selves as they made their way out of the classroom and trekked up to the seventh floor to the Gryffindor Common Room. Almost as soon as they had entered the room, Lily turned on James and Sirius. "That was uncalled for," she chastised them. "It wasn't funny, you know how much he cares about potions." "Yes, that's why we did it," James shrugged, as if this was obvious and he didn't understand why she would question it. "You embarrassed him in front of his favorite professor and his head of house," she pointed out, growing angrier by the second. "I'm glad that you can appreciate how well thought out this was," James smirked at her. She shook her head at him and frowned. "You could be nice if you just tried." James frowned in return. "Not to a Slytherin." Lily gave him a disappointed look before turning and walking up the staircase to the girls' dormitories. James walked over to where his friends were watching the exchange. "Tough break," Sirius said, patting James on the back. "I don't understand why she likes him so much," James groaned, pulling his hair in frustration. "Maybe you should just try being nice to him," Remus suggested, ignoring Sirius's incredulous look. "I don't think it's possible," James told him, frowning. He laughed humourlessly,"I doubt she'd notice even if I did. The only time she looks at me is when I'm doing something to hurt him." The scene shifted again, though this time they stayed in the same place. Lily could only tell that a few more years had passed by looking at the Marauders who were gathered around the fire late at night. "Lily knows," Remus told them, his face serious. "Merlin," Sirius gripped his hair, looking panicked. "What should we do?" "I don't think she'll tell anyone," Remus told them. Sirius shot him a disbelieving look. "Don't, Sirius. I know Lily, and she's not someone who would go blabbing about it to the whole school." "Does she know about us?" Peter asked, even more panicked than Sirius. "Not everything, but I think she has it at least partially figured out. She knows you were down there for a reason when you rescued Snape," Remus told James. "I knew that would come back to bite us in the arse," Sirius grumbled, glaring into the fire. "Well, what do you want to do?" he asked James. James seemed to think for a minute, looking around at his friends and considering his options. "I'm going to tell her," he spoke quietly. "Are you out of your fucking mind?" Sirius demanded. He looked like he was considering punching James. "She's going to figure it out anyway," James justified himself, still calm but clearly growing frustrated with Sirius's protestations. "This way we can at least explain ourselves- tell her why…" he trailed off, thinking. "If she knows we're not doing it just for the sake of doing something illegal, I think she'd understand," he told them, glancing at Remus. "You really trust her that much?" Sirius questioned him, watching James's face intently for any sign of doubt. "Yes," James said, more confident than Lily had ever heard him before. "Completely." The scene dissolved, and when it had reformed itself, she and Sirius were standing on the grounds of Hogwarts. She felt a lump in her stomach as she remembered this day. Her younger version was sitting at the edge of the Black Lake with Dorcas, Marlene, and Mary. She could still remember feeling James Potter's eyes on her, though now she could actually see him watching her. She almost rolled her eyes as she watched him show off with his snitch and continually mess up his hair; thankfully, he had outgrown those habits by seventh year. She was surprised that she felt a pang of warmth as she watched him doing those things that she had hated so much. She decided to chalk it up to nostalgia. She and Sirius stood silently beside each other and watched the scene play out once more. They chose to stand back, not particularly desiring to hear the exchange. Fifth year James and Sirius stood up and jogged to catch Snape as he walked back towards the castle. James called out to him, and Snape had his wand ready before he even turned. Sirius watched a little shamefacedly as the scene unfolded. Snape was now on the ground, soapbubbles pouring from his mouth, when Lily watched herself approach the scene. Her expression was furious, even as James's became extremely pleasant and cordial with her. Snape was back on his feet while James had been distracted, and with a flick of his wand a large gash appeared on James's face. She inched closer, against her better instincts, listening to their conversation one more time. "LEAVE HIM ALONE!" she shouted, wand out. "Ah, Evans, don't make me hex you," James pleaded. "Take the curse off him, then!" James sighed before turning back to Snape and doing as she asked. "There you go," he told Snape, who was struggling to his feet. "You're lucky Evans was here, Snivellus-" "I don't need help from filthy little Mudbloods like her!" There was a palpable feeling of shock around the crowd that had gathered. Lily's own face looked dumbfounded at this turn of events. "Fine," she said coldly. "I won't bother in the future. And I'd wash your pants if I were you, Snivellus ." "Apologize to Evans!" James's roared, his wand raised threateningly. "I don't want you to make him apologize," Lily rounded on James. "You're as bad as he is…" ""What?" yelped James. "I'd NEVER call you a you-know-what!" "Messing up your hair because you think it looks cool to look like you've just got off your broomstick, showing off with that stupid Snitch, walking down corridors and hexing anyone who annoys you just because you can- I'm surprised your broomstick can get off the