6 FEET UNDER PLOT - It turns out that all the fallen tributes from each and every Hunger Games are brought back to life to live in an underground hideaway called 'Tributes Village.' However, they are segregated only with the tributes from their own year of participating in the Games. The tributes living here nickname it District F (F for Fallen.) This is seen as a blessing for they are given another chance to live, but also a curse as they face their killers every day for the rest of their lives. Not forgetting they are never allowed to go back to the outside world and see their families again. It is here that the girl from District 8, Marina, who was killed by the Careers at her little campfire, falls in love with not only an unlikely choice but also someone who took part in her death! CHAPTER 1 I opened my eyes slowly. Light blinded them, so I crinkled my face and blinked my eyes a few times. I sat up slowly. I tight painful cramp gripped my stomach. I had to support myself on my elbows; my muscles shook. The room I was in was entirely white. It reminded me of when I was being waxed and shaved in the Capitol, the night before the Tribute Parade, before all the training began, before the interviews, before The Hunger Games. That's when it hit me; The Capitol! I turned my head slowly due to a stiff neck and slight headache. I was attached to two or three coloured drips and was lying in a hospital bed in a medical room. I was wearing a comfy, blue cotton nightdress. At that moment, a door opened from the right hand side. I hadn't noticed this door, because it was white and well camouflaged by the other white walls. A man with abnormally pale skin and bright orange hair that was slightly spiked walked in, his body covered in a long blue tunic and baggy white trousers and he was holding a clipboard in his hands. He smiled at me, flashing pristine white teeth with little specks of gold in them. "Ah, good! You're awake at last!" he exclaimed. "W-Where am I ?" I stammered. "Oh darling, you're in the Capitol, bless! You're so cute, you really didn't think you were back in your own district did you?" he laughed. No, I definitely knew I wasn't in District 8; these facilities weren't even close t being affordable for us. "My name's Jasper and I'm your case worker," he explained, "now, I suppose you're wandering exactly what's happening, my little chicken!" His pet names and funny accent made me giggle and he was so adorably camp too! "Well, since you participated in the games, you were obviously removed from the arena and brought here for us to fix you up again. Since then, high end professionals have been working their shoes and socks off to bring you - all of you - back to life, in order for you to move on with your new lives!" Jasper appeared to be very excited at the prospect of this and started giggling like a teenage girl who'd just received her first kiss! Hang on a sec, I thought to myself, brought back to life? All of us? "Sorry," I began, "w-what do you mean 'brought back to life?' " I asked cautiously. Jasper looked at me perplexed for a moment, before raising a perfectly plucked eyebrow at me and then giggling hysterically. "Oh, you're so adorable Marina!" he spluttered. How the hell did he know my name? "It's the same with all you tributes. Every year actually. You're all so naive, bless your little cotton socks!" I was blushing really badly; I hated being laughed at and mocked - well, does anybody? After he composed himself, Jasper continued: "You're actually the last one to wake up, so I don't blame you for being a little slow. You've been asleep for a round five weeks more than the others, due to the amount of internal injury you'd experienced. Goodness, the kids in that arena certainly gave you a good 'what for' in that arena! I thought at one point that you'd never make it. Anyway, you have, you're awake, you're healthy and are ready to be taken downstairs!" Jasper clapped his hands in glee, helped me into a wheelchair after removing my drips and turning off the life support which I no longer needed. As he wheeled me out of the room, all I could think of was, what the hell did he mean by "we're going downstairs?" So I asked him, as he wheeled us into an elevator and pushed a button with the number 74 on it. Jasper explained that the fallen tributes are sent to live for the rest of their lives in an underground home called 'Tributes Village' which everyone now nicknamed District F. District F, I thought, didn't think we had one of those. I was then pushed into a room with the words District 8 Female written on the door. "Now, in five minutes you'll need to eat with the others for lunch. It will quench your oh-so tender tum-tum!" he giggled. I smiled. Bless him, he only means well, I thought. And yes, my tummy was very tender. Jasper then helped me out of my nightie and into a white lacy bra and panties set. I didn't really mind him helping me because he seemed like he wasn't interested in girls of any age, so I wasn't bothered. God I was thin, and hungry! He then helped my slip into a blue cotton dress, with a flared summer skirt and buttons which were a slightly darker blue going up the middle, before stepping into dark blue pumps. Jasper then sat me down and styled my hair, so it was clipped to the side with a side bun, and lots of little ringlets flowing down it. He left some of my fringe hanging over my forehead casually, before applying minimalistic make up, which including a nude lip balm, thin line of black eyeliner across my lids and creamy blush on my cheeks. Dare I say it, I actually looked really pretty! A little bit innocent but that was my angle from the moment I was reaped. I looked at myself again, twirled for Jasper and then I looked at myself again; I realised I might actually look beautiful. I hugged him and thanked him. He seemed proud of his handiwork! He then led me gently to a door which said Dining Room. Inside I heard animated chatter and laughing. It was them, the other fallen tributes. "Now don't worry," said Jasper, "they've been together a while since the games so they know each other well now and have bonded. They'll love you, Marina. You'll became great friends of theirs!" And with that he left, turning back to look at me and smiling brightly. I opened the door, and stepped in. The room fell deathly silent as I stood by the door. I scanned the room and vaguely recognised everyone. But that's when I saw him; Marius. My thirteen year old brother who was reaped alongside me to represent our District this year. I still do not believe that we reaped together by chance or any coincidence. I am sure Snow had had a say in it. My eyes began to glaze over with tears and so did his. He stood up, rushed over to me and we hugged each other tightly. We kissed each others cheeks, crying and smiling at each other. I caressed his sweet, handsome face. My little brother, killed during the Bloodbath, when I ran off in a state of panic to the forest not looking back. And then I saw his face in the sky that evening shortly before my own death. "i'm sorry," I said to him. He squeezed my hand to show that it didn't matter. Everyone suddenly began to clap for us. The fox-faced girl with the beautiful red hair stood up for us and so did the sweet little girl form District 11. We were also given two gleaming smiles from the boy from District 4 and the girl from District 3. Marius and I wiped away the tears from our eyes, as he led me to the brown circular table, ladened with rich looking food. I sat down. I didn't really know where to look, but that's when I noticed them. Directly sat opposite me were the four people who had taken my life. They had intimidated us all since the first day of training had begun and were responsible for over half of our deaths. They were the Careers. We all knew that they'd be the ones to watch out for. They were from Districts 1, 2 and occasionally 4 (not this year for District 4 however) and were the Capitol's lapdogs, loved and adored by them, particularly District 2, although District 1 was just as rich. Because of this, the children of these districts were trained until the age of eighteen for the games, making them lethal opponents. They nearly always volunteered and nearly always one. Not this year, though! The Careers had definitely recognised me, and I was wondering why I'd been so afraid of them. They sat so awkwardly in front of me and looked so humble. Eventually the sort of pretty blonde from District 1, Glimmer, locked eyes with me. They weren't sparkly like they were the night of the interviews when she wore that sassy gold dress. Her hair was in a messy bun and looked greasy and seemed to have lost it's colour. Not to mention the very noticeable dark circles beneath her eyes. Wow, I thought, the games don't just change you mentally but physically too I thought. We smiled awkwardly at each other. I then locked eyes with Clove, 'the girl with the knives' Marius and I nicknamed her. She was from District 2. Like Glimmer, her long, once luscious glossy, dark hair hung in a weak ponytail, but looked a little bit lanky. Hey eyes had also lost their dangerous, mischievous glow. She looked very tired. She nodded politely at me. I didn't and couldn't look at the two boys cat and Marvel. So instead I began to get to know the other tributes, although I already knew the boy from 4 and the girl from 3 well as Marius had sort of befriended them during training as they were all thirteen. As all the other tributes, except the Careers, sat alone, I sat with marries and his friends. I just wanted to protect him, all of them actually. Great job I did of that. I also spoke the fox-faced girl, who I learned was called Jessica. She was from District 5 and was very intelligent. I also spoke to both tributes from District 11. The boy, who's name was Thresh, surprised me. Despite not speaking much in training or at his interview with Ceasar, he was actually the life and should of the group. He good sense of humour, a laugh which made you laugh and a contagious bright smile. I instantly liked him; I think most of the other tributes did actually. And then I got to know Rue. She was sweet, but very intelligent for her age. She told me all about her life back home, which was one she could never and would never return to. And then I was introduced properly to the other Careers. Although everyone else were clearly over their deaths, including Marius, I wasn't. This was still all too new for me. But I didn't want to ruin the good moods of everyone else, so I put on a brave face and joined in. Marvel, the boy from one, with the quirky smile found everything funny, he seemed unable to take anything seriously. He had a slightly purvey mind. Everyone sighed at