Author: Cupcakeriot Winner of Judges' Vote First Place , Public Vote First Place , and Hosts' Choice . Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Cyber Most people died in the atomic explosion of Spacedock 729 . She didn't. It was one of those tragedies – the ones that start with an ambitious scientist who has a golden vision and end with fire, death, and chaos. So much chaos and loss. Of the 564 people on Spacedock 729 , only twenty survived the initial explosion, and of that small fraction, only one survived the cold, unforgiving vacuum of space. In the end, it came down to genetics. One gene for pale skin, one gene for dark hair, and one especially rare, abnormal gene that popped up in human evolution sometime in the 33rd century – a gene of adaptation that made it possible for the last survivor of Spacedock 729 to live without oxygen for the three hours it took the rescue team to find her. The doctors that worked tirelessly on her infant body eventually surmised that, had her parents not been so close to the origin of the explosion, at least one of them, the carrier of the recessive, reclusive mutant gene, would have survived. As it was, Bela's mother was the ambitious scientist with the golden vision, and Bela's father was the head researcher of the project. It was virtually impossible for them to avoid the accident. In many ways, their deaths were inevitable. Bela thought most things were inevitable. That might just be her programming. As one of the few infants with this scientifically desirable gene, Bela had been subjected to various experimental medical procedures designed to enhance the capabilities of human function. It wasn't as if it was an odd thing to have happened to her; children who were not orphans were also donated to the cause and, really, ever since the gene had mutated, experimentation had been happening. Over five hundred years and nearly seventy children with the adaptation gene had been hand-delivered to eager scientists. It was all very normal. It was all for the sake of human evolution. It was also how cyborgs were developed. That's what Bela was – a cyborg. Incredibly rare, efficient, duly gifted. She had a purpose, a reason for living beyond basic existence despite being sixteen - a little chip in her head, an eye that wasn't quite an eye, veins that were more like computer wires, and a cyber core processor that mirrored her heart and kept her running like a fine-tuned machine. True, Bela was just as mechanic as organic, but she had her humanity, too. She wasn't a robot or those pathetically annoying androids. She was cyborg, the best of both worlds. She was…herself. Which, of course, was why she didn't understand how anyone could hate the Cypherians for being aliens – it's not like they could help what they were any more than Bela could help being cyborg. She wasn't born with cybernetic wiring, but that didn't change the fact that she couldn't not be a cyborg. It was in her genes, now, after the mutation adapted to her mechanic additions. How were Cypherians, with their iridescent eyes, skin markings, and lithe bodies any different? "You're too sympathetic," Jasper says when she expresses this opinion, wrench-tipped finger adjusting the transformative gun cased inside his forearm. "I don't think I am," Bela argues. "Everyone is malfunctioning over nothing ." Jasper snorts. "The situation is almost nuclear. They're sending a group of alien green-bloods to a Spacedock with some humans and only a few cyborgs to mediate. This is asking for a meltdown." He may have had a point, but Bela wasn't interested in supporting the growth of Jasper's male ego – he didn't have to know he was right, certainly not about how people thought of the convention on Spacedock 9042 , and especially because they were three minutes away from docking at the space station. Actually, two minutes and thirty-one-point-four seconds; Bela was quick to inform her fellow cyborg of the time, watching with fascination as his artificial arm snapped together with faint clicks. "I have faith," she says to him as their shuttle quakes as it connects to the Spacedock, the frame of the spacecraft trembling upon impact. "Your wires are crossed." "Maybe. But hope isn't ever a bad thing." Jasper rolls his eyes, dismissing Bela's disposition – not that she expected anything less from a military-grade cyborg. Just like it was in her programming to think on creative levels, it was in Jasper's programming to be a stubborn ass. Bela, Jasper, and three other cyborgs stand as the air-compression hisses, charcoal doors sliding open, revealing Carlisle, who served as part father figure, part mediation-lead, and part cyborg-pioneering-expert-scientist. He was unremarkable by human standards, with blond hair and blue eyes that had been salvaged through genetic modification, and a kind face. Bela, for all that she could think freely given her programming, had always enjoyed Carlisle on a basic level – he was brilliant in many ways and she was well aware she placed him on a high pedestal. As it was, she was especially eager that she had been chosen for the convention – this would be her chance to prove that Carlisle's investment in her programming were not a waste. She wouldn't let him down. "Alright, stand-down," he says as he moves through the narrow aisle between the seats of the shuttle. "We've arrived, as I'm sure you've all realized. Is everyone sufficiently charged?" Bela checks her own battery levels, which had an enhanced capacity to keep up with the specifics of her cybernetic additions, satisfied that she would be able to operate for at least thirty-two hours without fail; the other cyborgs, predictably, answer in the affirmative. Carlisle shuffles back down the narrow aisle. "Allow me to reiterate that we are here for mediation only . Do your jobs quietly and efficiently, keep to yourselves, and report any caustic behavior between humans and Cypherians," he says as he leads them through the tunnel connecting to the Spacedock. Bela listened with half an ear, confident that her memory processors would record Carlisle's directions should she need any refreshers – she was much too occupied with the novelty of the Spacedock floating in the middle of the asteroid belt to pay attention to her creator. The Spacedock was like nothing she had ever seen before, grander than any antiquated architectural masterpiece in Earth's history. Powerful. Intimidating in its mass but sleek and utilitarian in design, illuminated by faintly blue lights embedded in the walls and floors, and covered by a sturdy translucent dome that afforded the Spacedock the opportunity to grow both Earth and Cypheria native vegetation. She knew from the information that was downloaded into her databases that the gravity of the Spacedock was caught between the light pulls of Earth gravity and the oppressive gravity of Cypheria – she also knew that the Spacedock had been altered to compromise air quality in personal quarters, as well as food offered to the guests of the convention. To Bela, who had been confined to a laboratory for her entire life, the Spacedock was nothing short of majestic. She never wanted to leave. Her attention is tugged back to Carlisle when he begins separating the cyborgs to different sectors of the Spacedock – Jasper and Peter, the military-guard cyborgs, were sent on patrols, and Kate and Garrett, cyborgs designed for sexual purposes, were directed toward the sector where various dignitaries were gathered until their services were required. And Bela, inevitably, was dismissed to settle into the security panels, where she would be able to plug in and assist the Spacedock system in assessing potential threats. The truth – perplexing and beyond Bela's comprehension of the nurturing nature of intelligent life – was that the Xenospecies Interplanetary Symposium was under a great amount of threat from both humans and Cypherian radical groups. Each species seemed to have a group of paranoid rebels who did not want to see peaceful life between humans and Cypherians – the human radicals didn't want to share their planet, and the Cypherian radicals were sure they were more worthy of the planet than the humans. Bela, despite her complex wiring and the speed at which her cybernetic synapses fired, could not understand why living in harmony on a bountiful planet would be disagreeable to either species. Never mind that Bela had never been to Earth or met a Cypherian. She liked the theoretic ideas of peace and wanted all the people who surrounded her to like those ideas, too. This idealism was probably a glitch in her programming. A shame, really, as Bela was quite fond of her day-dreaminess. The security personal, mostly consisting of humans, was heavily spread throughout the sectors of the Spacedock, each strapping male outfitted with the latest quality of protective suiting and non-lethal weaponry. Bela's processors surmised that there were likely five guests of the conference for every one guard, excluding Jasper and Peter. She didn't particularly like those numbers. Surely, the hosts of the conference were overcompensating, even with the threats of radicals. Still, Bela dutifully slipped into the security panels located in the lowest level of the Spacedock and plugged into the system, silver-blue cords and neon green wires bursting from her fingertips to connect with the network. There was a jolt of familiar energy as she plugged in, information roaring through her mind in a series of convoluted codes and algorithms - a sharp zing of electricity that scared her organic nerves and thrilled her mechanics. Bela could feel her body thrumming with excess energy that filtered cleanly back into the network as fine fuchsia cords wrapped around the more delicate pieces of machinery in the panel's motherboard. And oh - Everything she could see. The optic processors in her eyes projected image laid over image, every security camera capturing video and images, right before her eyes, in her mind, every second. And it was everything , truly – it had to be with as much information Bela was processing. There was so much to sift through, so many patterns to follow, so many decisions of what was considered a threat by the algorithm codes and what she considered a threat, so many flags to send out for the security guards to check on. Bela's mind and processors were pulled in a hundred different directions; one lead ended as another began, while another still waited in limbo, and another was dismissed. It was easy to forget that Bela was isolated on the lowest level, the nearest intelligent beings several feet above her. Essentially, she was sequestered to the basement, monitoring the movements and key logs of every person to pass through the Spacedock. It was even easier to forget time, forget that her body did need food, forget that she could feel fatigue from being plugged in for too long – and the system was so much bigger, so much more complex, than she was used to. It was difficult work. For the first time, Bela could actually feel her core processors, the most powerful Carlisle had ever designed, heating with the amount of work she was doing. That was why she began to pull away from system – because of the warmth below her right breast, gleaming metal beneath synthetic fabric hot to the touch, slowly scorching the skin around the metal until it was a bright, angry red. It hurt on a basic level and though Bela could mechanically filter the pain receptors out, she still didn't like knowing that her body was hurting. And as she began to disconnect from the torrent of information, she began to realize that her body, if not her mind, was exhausted . But then, right as the green wires begin to cinch up, an image passes over Bela's optic receptors and