Disclaimer: Welcome one and all to the sequel of Parenting Class! And as it still stands, I don't own Harry Potter! I'm hoping that by the time I finish OST Rowling will have given me rights. Then I can go back and redo HBP. XD A special note to all new readers. This is a continuation off of one of my other fics, Parenting Class. I highly, highly suggest reading that one first. So please, go back. You will be so confused as to what is happening you won't enjoy the story at all and that is just tragic. A warning for those of you who loved the humor in Parenting Class; One Step at a Time is not a humor fanfiction. This story is going to have a lot more angst, violence, drama, and I'll even sneak in that pesky romance called Dramione :D There will still be humor in this story (I can't just eliminate it completely) but please be advised that as a whole the story is more of a drama / friendship than anything else. Also, fic is now AU thanks to the Half-Blood Prince. For those that feel the need to point out timeline inconsistencies from the series please reference that first sentence: this series is AU past OoTP. There was also not a comprehensive Harry Potter lexicon when I first started writing this (2003, people) so some minor things are incorrect. Hopefully we can all just ignore things like the fact that Norbert is a boy in this series and move on, kay? And this note has gotten to be insanely long, so time to wrap it up. Thanks for popping by, enjoy the story and please do leave a review! They feed the hungry authoress and muse and you really don't want to see the muse when it hasn't been fed. Okay, done. See you all at the end! One Step at a Time New Beginnings It was the day after Group three had given their presentation and all members of it, Hermione, Harry and Draco, were sprawled out on the ground of their common room, more commonly dubbed the 'Rainbow Room'. In front of them was the gigantic poster they had shown to their fellow classmates, depicting the events that had followed them through the six week class. The class? Parenting Class. It was a new course that Professor Dumbledore had inserted into the curriculum. In it, three students were put together in a group and told to live with one another in their own set of rooms. One of the members had to take a potion and ended up being turned into a five-year old child, who had no recollection of their lives except from what they knew as children. The other two group members had to watch the child and take pictures and record down events for a grade. The main goal of the class was to teach the students to be responsible in caring for a young child as well as managing their own schedule and responsibilities bestowed upon them. The first person in group three to become a child had been Draco, followed by Harry and then Hermione. The course had just ended, with much relief through the castle, for Hermione had been a great source of damage and many were thankful she was back to her normal seventeen-year old self. "Aww, look at that one," Hermione gushed, pointing at one of her favorite pictures: a small Draco running screaming from his bedroom with bright pink hair, Harry with an afro, and a lime green Crookshanks in the corner. "It's one of my favorites." "Not mine," Draco grumbled. "Bloody girl." The girl he was referring to was Pansy Parkinson, a child at the same time Draco was and had gotten a hold of Harry's wand while she was over at the Rainbow Room. "Although I like this one." The Slytherin's finger pointed to a picture of a tiny Harry running around the couches with Snape stomping after him, the boy darting to a new hiding place each time Snape came close. "That was fun," Harry grinned. "Even though he ended up catching me." "No wonder why," Hermione laughed. "Look at the picture. You were running all over the place and Snape was just taking a few steps! Which one do you like, Harry?" The black-haired boy pointed to a picture in the upper corner. "It'll always be a fond memory," he sighed happily, petting Butterscotch, who had come over to sit next to him. In the picture, the small, Golden Retriever puppy had just come out of Draco's room with a shoe held proudly in his mouth. With the door wide open, you could see into the Slytherin's room and view the massacred shoe collection. A picture-Draco came running after the dog, who simply raced around the boy in circles. "You're lucky I had enough money to replace all of those shoes," Draco sniffed. "Although I was almost out thanks to Hermione." "Me?" Hermione asked, placing a hand over her heart. "What'd I do? Unlike some people, I didn't go out and buy a dog." "The dog was better," Draco argued. "Sort of. I mean, Harry paid me back for him later. You, on the other hand, redid my entire wardrobe and had me pay for it!" "You have the money. And I did pay for a little bit of it…" Before Draco could argue his point, Leviculus' voice rang through the room. "Professor McGonagall is here! Shall I let her in?" Leviculus was the jester in the portrait to their room and had also supervised in the decorating. (Being a jester, that was why the room was so vibrant). The three exchanged glances. Why was McGonagall stopping by? "Yes, please let her in," Hermione said after a pause. The portrait swung open and the Transfiguration professor walked in, her hands holding no potion bottles like the group was accustomed to seeing, but rather two letters. "Is something wrong, Professor?" Harry asked, rising to his feet with Hermione and Draco following suit. "Not wrong, just some problems that need to be taken care of," McGonagall said. "First of all, Mr. Potter." Harry gulped. "We've been getting several complaints from students around the school about your dog. As you are no longer a child and will not be as upset, we must tell you that Butterscotch will be leaving the castle tomorrow." Harry knelt down and hugged the puppy. "He has to leave? But where will he go? Can he stay with Hagrid?" he asked on sudden inspiration. "No, he cannot stay with Hagrid. We've already found him a nice, temporary home." "Who…who are his new…owners?" "An Arthur and Molly Weasely," McGonagall smiled, Harry's face transforming to express great relief. "They've agreed to house your dog until summer, where he will then be returned to you." Harry nodded, although he still hadn't a clue of what he was going to do about the summer. After all, Dudley was allergic and he doubted his aunt and uncle would let him keep Butterscotch. Maybe Hermione could watch him? "All right, thank you, Professor." McGonagall nodded. "Other news if for Parenting Class. This room was designed for that class only. So, tomorrow I'm going to have to ask you all to go back to your own houses. Your room especially will need some touch-ups." Hermione blushed. "Sorry about that." "Also, Mr. Potter, I have a note for you from Professor Dumbledore, and Mr. Malfoy, also a message from Dumbledore regarding your stay in the castle over the summer with Professor Snape." The woman handed both pieces of parchment over. "There will also be a Prefect meeting the day after Halloween. Both of you, Miss Granger and Mr. Malfoy, are expected to attend." "We'll be there," Hermione said, nodding her head. "Good. I'll see you tomorrow in class." The woman turned and exited the portrait, Leviculus wishing her a good night as she passed by. "So it's our last night," Draco said, his voice soft. Hermione looked down at the floor. For her and Harry it wouldn't be too different. They were at least both in Gryffindor. But Draco would be all the way down in the Slytherin dungeons. Class schedules would be back to normal (No more Divination for Hermione!) which would mean the only classes they'd have together would be Herbology and Potions. "We should all do something special together," she said. "What?" Harry asked, flopping down on the couch and Butterscotch jumping on his stomach. "Let's have another tea party," Hermione grinned, a smirk crossing her face at the boy's horrified looks. "How about no," Draco said, claiming one of the two armchairs. "Besides, it's already nine. We have classes tomorrow so we really can't stay up late." A light went off in Hermione's head. "Let's all sleep together!" Draco gave a sly smile. "I wouldn't mind doing so with you…but with Harry? He's not exactly what I'm interested in." Hermione flushed a brilliant magenta. "Not like that! I mean, we all just stay in one bed. Like when you and Harry were kids we did that one time." "I am not sleeping next to Harry," Draco said, pointing an accusing finger at the male Gryffindor. "It's wrong." "Then I'll sleep in the middle," Hermione said, "and you two can go on the ends. Just no squishing me." "And what's the point of this?" Harry asked. "Well…since it'll be the last time we all get to spend the night in the same area of the castle, it'd just be nice to have the company." "Who's bed?" Draco asked. "Because I don't think we're all going to fit in just one." "Couldn't we combine two?" queried Harry. "In the common room maybe? We could move the couch and I'm sure we could get them to fit." "Sounds good," Hermione agreed. "Who wants to donate a bed?" About ten minutes later, two beds (Harry and Hermione's, Draco absolutely refused to let his be tampered with) were meshed together in the middle of the common room, one large blanket covering the entire thing and three pillows placed side by side at the top. "Now everyone, dress decently," Hermione warned. "Just in case someone comes by…Ginny still knows the password and Professor Tobin might come by…or just someone. Okay?" Draco saluted. "Yes, Mother." "Good boy," she congratulated, standing on tiptoe to pat him on top of his head. "Don't forget to brush your teeth. That goes for you too Harry." Harry grinned. "Sure thing, Mione. Besides, I like having sparkly white teeth." Rolling her eyes, Hermione entered her own room and shut the door to get changed while Draco made a mad dash for the bathroom to take a last minute shower and Harry went to go get dressed as well. When Draco emerged from the bathroom, a heavy cloud of steam following, he saw that Harry and Hermione were already sitting on the bed. Just as Hermione had said, both of them were completely covered; Hermione in a pair of red pants and an overlarge white tee shirt with a lion stitched on it and Harry in gold pants with a red tee shirt. "I'm surrounded by Gryffindors," Draco grumbled, climbing up next to Hermione. Like the other two, he was dressed in his house colors; emerald green pants and a gray tee shirt with a curled serpent on it (gray since silver was hard to find in clothing.) "Ack! You're all wet!" Hermione cried as his hair dripped onto her shoulder. "What would you expect? I just got out of the shower." "My bathroom!" Harry called, jumping off the bed and racing for the bathroom. "I need to brush my teeth!" Once inside, he let out a soft cackle, and then went to brush his teeth, determined to take a long time. Outside, Hermione and Draco stared at each other, before Hermione finally looked at her crossed feet. This was the first