Oops. Sorry it got jumbled. Here it is again... Also it goes without saying I am not the author of Harry Potter. I own nothing. Just taking the characters out for a spin with my own ideas... Hope you enjoy. The girl appeared in the bedroom of the Burrow as Hermione adjusted the gown and prepared to go down, where everyone was gathered and waiting. She was beautiful with long wavy copper hair and the bluest eyes with perfect bowed lips and a petite nose. "You can't marry him!" The girl rushed out as soon as she set eyes on Hermione. "Please." She begged, "I know this sounds crazy but you have to believe me. There is a Death Eater trying to ruin all our lives!" Hermione frowned at the young girl who'd grabbed her arm frantically, "It's alright…" "Rose." The girl told her, "My name is Rose." "Alright Rose." Hermione spoke softly, the terror in the young girl was very real and they were still looking for several Death Eaters, if one was near she needed to get all the information. "Let's sit down, ok?" "Please Hermione." Rose pulled at her hand, "There isn't time. I'm going to disappear, to be unmade!" Hermione tried to calm the girl, "Shh." Hermione pulled the sobbing girl into her arms for a gentle hug. "It'll be alright. I'm going to help you, you just have to take a deep breath and calm down, there are lots of aurors just outside, we just have to go and tell them about the Death Eater, everything will be alright." Rose gazed pleadingly at her, clutching her arm, wiping at the tears almost angrily, "I only figured out how to come this far but I'm going to be unmade, to never exist and I don't know what to do!" "Ok. It's ok." Hermione pulled her into her arms again and rubbed her back. Rose sniffled and clung to her a moment before pulling back and looking into her eyes, "It's crazy, you'll think I'm crazy." "I don't think you're crazy." Rose shook her head as more tears fell, "You'll think I'm crazy and I'll be unmade." "Rose?" "You're my mother." Hermione froze in shock, staring at the girl. "See, you think I'm crazy, but I'm not. I swear I'm not. You're my mother and a Death Eater went back in time and everything is messed up and I'm going to not be born!" Hermione nodded slowly trying to absorb what the girl was saying though her mind wanted to immediately reject the idea and dismiss the possibility… there was something about the girl. "Take a deep breath." Hermione finally urged her, doing the same thing to calm herself as well; "Now start from the beginning." "My name is Rose, Rose Weasley and you're my mother." Hermione nodded slowly trying to stay calm but frowning as the girl continued, with the same words she'd said as she had first grabbed Hermione's arm, clutching her in desperation, "You can't marry him." "Your father?" Hermione asked with a frown. "My uncle." Rose corrected with a headshake. "You can't marry my uncle." She groaned, "Oh god it's so wrong. He's your best friend, he'll always be your best friend but he's my uncle and you love my dad and my dad loves you. It's gross really, I mean like really gross but you love each other and you have me and are like totally happy but if you marry my uncle then you never fall in love with my dad and my brother and I get unmade!" Hermione nodded slowly wondering how to get the girl the help she clearly needed. "See." Rose hissed, "You don't believe me!" Then she burst into tears again. "I… I…" Hermione wasn't sure what to say, "It's not that I don't believe you Rose, I just, I don't understand what you're saying." Rose looked at her again, wet eyes pleading, "I'm only seventeen, I haven't even graduated Hogwarts yet but I got your brains, that's what dad says anyways. Everyone says I'm too smart for my own good but I wasn't smart enough to go back far enough to change anything and now I'm going to disappear!" "It's very dangerous to meddle with time Rose." "I know!" Rose sobbed, "I won't ever exist now!" "Rose." Hermione wasn't sure what to tell the sobbing girl. "Please don't marry him, please." She pleaded, "You can't marry him. You don't even love him. Not like that, not like you love dad." "Who's your father Rose?" "Charlie, my father is Charlie Weasley and you're about to marry my Uncle Ron." Hermione was staring at the girl in frozen shock as there was a timid knock on the door, "Um, Mione? It's Harry, I uh, I was waiting at the bottom of the stairs but um, you were taking a while, is everything ok? Everyone is waiting on you to start and Ron's getting a bit nervous." He chuckled, "Actually he was nervous this morning, now I think he might be close to hyperventilating." "I'll be right out!" Hermione called, her voice cracking a little. "Please mom." Rose begged again, her voice barely above a whisper, her eyes watering as they met Hermione's. If her mother didn't believe her, couldn't fix this… It was something in her eyes, something Hermione couldn't explain and she wasn't wholly aware of her own actions as she nodded and held out her hand to the girl. Rose was instantly in her arms again, clinging to her like a lifeline. "Do you know anything about what was changed?" Hermione whispered, her mind whirling quickly. Rose sniffled and nodded, "My boyfriend helped me get here, he said I should tell you as little about the future as I could and I know he's right, I shouldn't even have mentioned my brother or him only I don't know how to make you believe me, I am your daughter and my boyfriend and I used a spell but I'm going to disappear soon, back to my own time, we could only give me an hour." Her voice was desperate "I couldn't even get back far enough but it's not to late is it? You aren't going to marry Uncle Ron?" The girl pleaded. "Who did what and how Rose. I have to know what to fix." Rose nods and sniffles wiping at her cheeks, "I'm braver than this, I swear I am, Sc… my boyfriend says I'm just like you, he always teased me and called me the Gryffindor Princess cause that's what his dad calls you, he calls Uncle Ron and Uncle Harry something else, he really doesn't like Uncle Ron but he and Uncle Harry are partners and almost best friends at the mini… right, I shouldn't tell you this stuff." Rose blushed. "So I'm seventeen and so's my boyfriend and we're in our seventh year at Hogwarts and there was this thing there, it was so strange because it had my name on it and I knew it was your writing only it was from before I was even born, before you and daddy even. I showed it to Scor… my boyfriend and we were going to send an owl to you…" Rose looked away, "We couldn't though so we ended up sneaking out of school and apparating to Scorp… my boyfriends house and found his dad who was all weird and then said something about if only you did marry Uncle Ron and me not being born and then Scorpius and I wouldn't fall in love and he'd not be stuck with the Weasels or something. Only he's mean teasing things like that and doesn't really mean them about me and Scorpius because he loves me. Another knock on the door, "Hermione?" Harry asked gently. "Coming Harry!" Hermione called and motioned for Rose to move out of view as she cracked the door. "Hermione!" Harry gasped at the sight of her slightly disheveled with tears in her eyes. "I ripped my dress." Hermione told him. "Its awful Harry. I… I just need a minute to repair it and fix myself up… can you go check on Ron? Tell him I'll be down soon and apologize to the guests." Harry nodded and then frowned, "Can't you use a spell to fix it?" Hermione nodded, "I just had a moment, nerves you know? I was thinking of my parents and then I dropped my bouquet and ripped my dress and I thought it must be bad luck and when I tried to fix it, everything got worse but I'm ok now, I just need one minute." "Ok, Mione." He sent her a reassuring smile, "Want me to send Ginny up? Hermione shook her head, "I just need a minute or two." "No second thoughts?" Harry asked. A thousand of them, Hermione thought but she shook her head and forced another smile. "I'm good." With the click of the door she spun back to Rose who was still looking pale, "Rose?" She whispered. "When I got upset because he wasn't being helpful he said you almost did marry Uncle Ron once but then you didn't and you and dad fell madly in love and here I was so just not to worry about some stupid old stone thing. Only Hugo wrote me this letter that said he saw dad and dad didn't know him and he heard mom and Uncle Harry talking about the wedding to Uncle Ron. So we, Scorpius and I, got me back to today to stop you from marrying Uncle Ron so that you and dad can still fall in love." "Why didn't I marry him the first time, I mean in your time?" Rose shifted, "Um, I don't really know." "So if I never married Ron today, why are you here to change something that never happened?" "Because I think something did happen to change it and you do marry Uncle Ron and then everything is a mess and if you and dad don't get married I'll disappear!" Rose pleaded and then groaned, "Oh no." "Rose?" Hermione gasped. "I don't have any more time." Rose cried, "Please mom, please don't get married today!" Hermione stared at the empty room as there was another knock on the door and then a red head pops into view. "Mione?" "Ron!" Hermione gasps and spins to him. "I'm coming. I swear. I'm sorry." She shook her head and gave him a small smile, trying to hide the way her hands were shaking as she tried to figure out if she'd just hallucinated the whole thing. She was having terrible cold feet for days. "No." He told her, shaking his head as he came in. "Ron?" Ron sighed and sank on the bed, then lifted his eyes to meet hers, "This isn't right is it?" "I… well… I mean, of course it is, I love you and we're getting married." Ron shook his head again, "I do love you so much Hermione and I know I'm terrible and slow but I'm not a complete dunderhead, I know you've been unhappy." "I've not been." Hermione protested. "Hermione, you're almost an hour late for our wedding. You , Hermione Granger, who is never late for anything. Is almost an hour late for her own wedding." "I tore my dress." Hermione offered weakly. Ron gave her a weak smile of disbelief and she sighed, sinking onto the bed next to him. "I love you Ron. I've loved you forever." "Me too Mione," He grinned at her, "I was a little slow figuring it out but I did always love you." "I know." She chuckled with him. "I'll always love you too." He told her, wrapping an arm around her. "We're better as friends though." She whispered sadly. "We'd be happy you know, married, having a couple kids, you some ministry big shot, me an auror with Harry. We'd have some kids with my hair and your brains and we'd