A/N: I'm baaaaaaack! Woo! New story, here we go! I. AM. SO. EXCITED. Can I just say how much I missed you guys? Yes? I. MISSED. YOU. GUYS. SO. FREAKING. MUCH. There. I said it. I feel better now. Continuing on! Come Rain or Come Shine is officially here, people, and as you can see I'm pretty giddy. This is my favorite story of the series, my best written piece, and I love it. And, of course, I really hope that you guys love it, too. Katniss as a character grows so much in this piece, but that's nothing compared to the journey that Peeta will take. The journey itself may be rough, but trust me . . . the glorious destination he will reach is, well, glorious . And undeniably sexy. But I'm getting off track. So! Alas, let's get to the chapter! I forewarn you, prepare for depression bordering on insanity. Also, I've decided to actually title my chapters now. All titles will be a song that I think pertains to the chapter. So, this chapter's title is "On My Own" which just so happens to be my favorite song from Les Miserables . :) Oh, and I'm doing something different with my disclaimers this time around! Hope you enjoy my conversations with fictional characters. Random Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games Series. As the past two stories show, my version of events would have been quite different. Me: Okay! Let's get going, people! Chop, chop! Katniss, why so frowny? Katniss: You stole Peeta away from me! We could have had our reunion! We could have escaped together! But no , you had to be dramatic. Me: It was for the greater good, okay? Chill. As author I reserve the right to make you miserable. Katniss: And why couldn't we have cut out his tracker? Little oversight on your part, isn't it? Me: Honey, did I write you in possession of a knife? Or Peeta for that matter? I don't think so. Katniss: Of course Peeta had a knife! Me: I made him give it to Beetee, remember? Katniss: I will shoot you. Peeta: Uh, guys? Could you stop arguing? I'd kinda like to be rescued. This cell is kinda depressing. Me: *giggles evilly* I can stop arguing, however, I can't rescue you just yet. Peeta: That's just mean. Me: I know. But it allows you to grow as a character. Now, Katniss! Show everyone how miserable you are! Chapter 1: On My Own On my own, pretending he's beside me. All alone, I walk with him till morning. Without him, I feel his arms around me. And when I lose my way, I close my eyes and he has found me. I stare at the empty pillow next to me. My hand rests where it always has, but instead of feeling a warm, strong chest beneath my fingertips, I feel the scratchy material of the bed sheets. Without his body lying next to me, the bed feels cold, no matter how many extra blankets I manage to swindle. Without him lying next to me, the bed is too big. Too lonely. Peeta Mellark, my husband and father of my child, has been taken from me. And yet, his ghost haunts me relentlessly. It whispers his words in my ear, filling my head with the sound of his voice. The whispers haunt me with memories of his warmth, his love, his kindness, and his courage. They remind me of everything good in the world. Despite how much the whispers hurt me, they're the only thing that is keeping me sane. Funny. I'm hearing voices and it's keeping me sane. But it's not just any voice. It's Peeta's. I'll come back to you, I promise. Burning fire. Exploding earth. I'm crying as Peeta wipes away my tears, his words filled with determination and yet I could tell that his heart was breaking along with mine. He promised. He'll come back. He promised he would find a way back to me. To us. My hand finds my stomach. It is no longer flat. There is a slight roundness to my stomach, a bump. I'm four months along now, eighteen weeks. The doctor says that I should be feeling a 'fluttering' in my stomach any day now. Every appointment my thoughts will stretch. I try to open a portal in my mind. I try to reach Peeta, so somehow he can share in the experience. Even though I hate my doctor's visits, I know that Peeta would love them. I can imagine the excitement on his face, the twinkle in his eye. And knowing this, being haunted by his whispers, always causes me to cry during the appointment. The first time I heard our baby's heartbeat. The first time I saw our baby's little grainy image on the TV screen. Peeta wasn't there to smile. He wasn't there for his eyes to widen in excitement and awe. He wasn't there at all. He's not with me. And I don't know about you, but I would gladly go through a hundred arenas if it meant that I could still share what was left of my life with you. Damn you, President Snow. Damn you to the deepest pit of Hell. You are the one who took Peeta from me. From us . The whispers haunt me with their reminders. They remind me of how Peeta knew exactly what he was running into. The Capitol will hurt him. They will torture him for information, information that he doesn't really have. I know. He knew. He knew and he still ran toward the Capitol's clutches. To protect me. To protect the baby. You're everything to me, you and the baby. I try not to think of how he's suffering, and yet my morbid, taunting, cruel mind conjures the most frightening images and sounds. The whispers can't penetrate my conscious when the images take over. In the past month since escaping the arena, I've had plenty of time to think of different forms. Strapped to a chair, trapped, as electrodes attached to his body shock him violently. Shackled to the wall, helpless and defenseless as heartless Peacekeepers beat him until he's broken and nearly dead. Dangling by chains from the ceiling, his toes barely touching the ground, as masked men use their cursed blades to carve into his flesh. Chained to a table, unable to move and gasping for breath as they make him believe he's drowning. And despite all these horrific images in my mind, they are not what disturb me the most. The crippling horror that threatens to consume me is the fact that no matter how gruesome the images in my head become, no matter what I imagine them doing to him . . . Peeta never makes a sound. No, no, no, no! Get out of my head! The images threaten to overwhelm me. I clutch the bed sheets in my hands, kick my feet at unseen foes. I want to scream at the torturers to stop hurting him. I want to kill them all. I try to imagine them with one of my arrows sticking out of their eyes, but it doesn't help like last time. Peeta! Help me. Whispers! Save me. Will you stop worrying about me? Everything I do, I do for you. I love you, more than I could ever hope to describe. "Peeta," I whisper into the silence of my room. "I can't do this without you." You have a strength that I will never know for myself. I don't know, Peeta. I haven't been feeling too strong lately. You'll never be able to accept a compliment, will you? Nope. But my hands find my stomach once more, curving around the slight bump, and I force myself out of bed. The baby is the only thing that truly keeps me going. Everything I do is for the baby. My child is actually the one nurturing me, reminding me that a part of Peeta is with me, aside from his ghostly whispers. I know that it sounds as though I'm crazy, but I'm not broken. Cracked, maybe. But not broken. Not yet. It's always worse in the mornings, when I wake up without him. I never realized how much that meant to me, how much that assured me. Knowing that when I woke up, Peeta would be there next to me. The empty bed is a stark reminder of his absence each and every morning. I dress in the grey soldier's uniform of District 13, but honestly the roundness of my stomach makes me look ridiculous. A pregnant soldier. But here in District 13, once you reach the age of fourteen, you automatically join the military. They have a school system here, too, but once you hit that magic number, you're politely addressed as "Soldier." As I step out of Compartment 313 into the tunnel-like hallway, I meet Haymitch. We don't say anything. I simply fall into step beside him and we step into the elevator at the end of the hall. I notice the trembling in his hands, and without a thought I take his hand in mine. District 13 has a strict no alcohol policy, forcing Haymitch into sobriety. He's lucky he started drinking a little less after mine and Peeta's first Games, otherwise I don't know how he'd be coping. Probably locked up in a room somewhere where he could suffer the withdrawal alone and without interference. Haymitch doesn't snatch his hand away. He's tried before, but I never let go. He simply accepts it now, and sometimes, right before I let go, he'll squeeze my hand. Thanking me. We're silent sufferers, me and Haymitch. Both hurting because we lost someone we both love. I'll do anything to keep you safe. Haymitch was there when I first woke up in the hospital, sitting by my bedside. Of course, I'd immediately burst into tears as the reality struck me. The fact that Peeta was gone. The fact that my drug-induced nightmares were, in fact, real. Haymitch let me cry myself out, and then started to slowly tell me of all that I had missed and what I had to expect. He told me that not only was Peeta captured by the Capitol, but Johanna and Enobaria as well. Despite the fact that Enobaria is a Career and wouldn't have hesitated to kill me, I still pity her fate. Johanna though . . . Johanna I fear and worry for. A new friend she may be, but when you make a friend during the Hunger Games, it's a bond that few understand. Sometimes I'll imagine Johanna's screams of pain, too. And then I'll hear her curse her torturers seven ways from Sunday. Disturbingly, the thought always makes me want to smile, even if I can never quite manage the quirk of my lips. It's simply so Johanna. Always fighting. When I was let out of the hospital, I was allowed one week to 'recover mentally.' I'd laughed out loud when Haymitch told me, but it was a cold, cynical sound. They expected a mere seven days to be enough time for me to recover? To recover from watching Peeta run away from me into the torturous clutches of the Capitol? Knowing that if put in the same situation again, I would still let him go? They don't understand. They can't know what it's like. A week of recovery? No. There's no recovering from that. That night in the arena will always haunt me. I allowed myself to wallow for the entire week. An entire week full of torrential tears, crippling sobs, and righteous anger. I screamed and I cried. Anger and despair. For one week, I allowed myself to feel every heart wrenching pain. And when that week ended, I was completely drained. I had settled into a state devoid of any true emotion. Sitting on the bed, holding my stomach, staring at the