The ground is cold and soft. I lay there without breathing. The morning air is warm for this time. From under the brush I could hear the peacekeepers running by. I'm in trouble, more trouble than I ever have been. I can't even think of the punishment I would get if they found me. To even talk of the rebellion was highly illegal, but to be part of it was the worst thing anyone in all of Panem could do. I look out of the bush, the peacekeepers are gone. This is my chance to escape. I make a run for it. Safety is just a few feet away. I run carefully, heading to the town. Crack! A stick beneath my foot brakes. Footsteps start to head me way at a running speed. I had come too far to let they catch me now. The green grass under my feet is staining my shoes that would help them find me. I couldn't worry about that now. A path was starting to form; I knew if I took it then it would be too easy to follow me. I see a corner up ahead , its not the fastest way but at least my foot prints will be covered. I quickly turn the corner when my jaw drops in shock. A peacekeeper was running right at me, but the worst part was he saw my face. His arm caught my arm. Without pausing, and before he could get a good grip, I turned and ran. The good thing was I was just on the out skits of town; any farer and I would have been out of the district. Before long I entered the main part of town, the peacekeepers would have a hard time finding. It wouldn't be impossible but it would be a lot harder, but I would still have to be careful. Drew was the first person I saw when I ran in. He was wanting like he always did. This made me feel calm, Drew had a way to make me feel better, I think it was the smile. "How was the market" he said speaking in our code once we entered the crowded street. "It was okay, I didn't find what I was looking for" I replied. "Did you run into any one we know?" "None that stayed to chat." I laughed back to help ease some tension, Drew always worried about me too much. He did not find it funny. TO most our conversation sounded like one you would hear on any day at the market, but really we know it was about my mission. Drew had wanted to know if I delivered my message and if I found any peace keepers When we walked by an abandon ally Drew grabbed my arm without any notice and pulled me in. Drew Isn't a very serious guy, but when he was he means it. He is tall and skinny; his blue eyes shine bright through his dirty blonde hair. I always thought that if we lived in Distract 1 he would have been taken in by the capital as a poster child. It's not because he is handsome, but because he has a face that makes you feel safe with is rare these days. "You can't keep doing this Mary, you can't. They are going to find you. The last person they caught meeting with the rebels was never seen again." He whispered in a low tone. "You can't just be there message girl." This I took to heart, I was not messages girl, I was more than that. Over the years I had become high up in the rebellion, I had been trusted with secretes they wouldn't even think of telling someone of only 17. "Hey…" I started but didn't finish, this wasn't the place. Drew only used the name Mary, my real name, when he was angry. If I objected then we would get in an argument, voices would be raised, things would slip. We stood there in silence for a moment. Before long Drew dropped his arms from my side. "We should get back now people will wonder where we are" I said. He just answered with a smile. The walk back thought the hob is noisy. There are people walking in every direction and kids almost hitting into our feet. That was the steam for you. Not much has changed in the steam, ever really. Sometimes there would be a year where things would get a bit better, when we had a victor, but it would always return to being the poorest part of the country. All the stresses of the day had stopped, walking with Drew had made them all seem like they never happened. We just talked and laughed and didn't think about all that needed to be done. Drew dropped me at my house. It was a two bedroom hut which was pretty good for district 12. Not to big but the five of us fit ok. The moss growing on the walking path up to the door added character and the paint chipped shutters welcomed me. "Well I have to leave you here Muarry. Don't get into any more trouble ok?" He joked. "If I do all make sure to find you first" I replied and with a nob of the head as he walked off. The door to my home was unlocked. I walked straight into the kitchen and put my shoes in the sink to try and remove the stains. Tuge came running up and hugged my legs. I picked him up and placed him on the corner. "Muarry, did you go out again?" Tuge asked "Yes I did, I was with Drew" I half lied, He was only five I wasn't going to let him now about the rebellion or that I was a part of it. "We tried to find some thread at the hob." "Well today I was outside and I raced Tommey from down the road and I beat him!" Tuge said overexcited. "See I told you you would!" The crack of the steps from the attic distracted Tuge. He jumped off of the counter and ran over to my dad. He pated Tuge on the head and looked at me. "Are your chores done?" He asked in a dull voice, he knew I had been out this morning. Althought he knows about what I do, he was not happy. "No, I'll do them now" I throw my wet shoes on the ground and put my feet in them getting my socks soaked in seconds. The next couple days I was going nonstop. There were choirs around the house and ernes to run and people to find at the hob. I didn't have time for anything until the next Wednesday morning. The sun was bright and the sun woke me before anything else in my house, which was odd. I jumped out of bed and ran to the door after putting on my jeans. "I'm going to meet Drew"I yelled but before I could get to the door way I heard an objection. "Are you forgetting something" my mom said. The lines on her face were worst then usual. She is pretty, but wrinkles make her look older then she is. I toke a second. How could I forget, it was the day of the reaping. That explains why the house was calmer this morning. All of district 12 would be slow today. Kid's cries could be heard in the background and the streets that where always flowing with people where empty. Today is the day that one boy and one girl were chosen to enter the hunger games and fight to the death. This one of the last years I would be entered. I was in shock for a moment but then came back to the real world. "I'll get dressed I guess" I said as I walked way. When I got to my room a put on the shirt and blouse I wore since I twelve. Only wearing this once a year made me see how much better it fit every year. The brown skirt that went to my knees didn't need a belt this year and the sleeves of old white shirt was able to roll up to my elbows. This year it actually made me look good. I pulled my bangs out of my eyes and clipped them to the side pinning it right over my ear. A few hours pasted before I walked to the kitchen. It was almost time. My siblings where in the kitchen waiting. Tuge's in a cute little outfit that he had already got dirty from sitting on the floor and Catelynn, my 14 year old sister, is in a long dress with flowers in her hair that matched the flowers on the top of her dress. We all sat there in silence. Tuge is too young to know what is going on, but Catelee and me tried not to let the sickness we feel in our stomachs show. My mom and dad walk in, both dressed in nice clothe, and try to smile a real smile but we don't believe it. To help ease the mood me and Catelynn smile back. As we walk to the middle of town where the stage is set up no one talked. We pass by Drew and his family. He looks at me and I saw him pretend to check me out. This helped to relax my stomach, if Drew thought it was going to be ok then it was good. As we get to the entrance for the children, me and Catelynn hug everyone and said our goodbyes. "Don't be scared, we are coming back" I whisper into my mom's ear. And on that note we walk into the line. It takes a while to get though the line. Lucky Drew had stood beside me. "You actually look like a lady today" he said quietly. I could tell he was calm for some reason; this took me a second to come to grips with. "You seem calm" I can't help but say, he has more entries then I do, when he was younger he had to take tesseraes. "I don't know what it is but I feel like I shouldn't be worried. I don't know why but I'm not." He whispers as the peace keeper pricked my finger to sign me in. Not worried? How could he be not worried? As we are about to walk to our positions Drew gives my hand a squeeze, I know this was his way of saying just breathe. This is the most crowd time of the year at the hob. I look around and I see kids from my school, people from around town, I never realized how many people I know until I see them all like this. To think that two people are leaving today. Their leaving. If their lucky one of them will return but district 12 has never been good at this. "Welcome district twelve" A happy voice says "What a wonderful time to be in Panem. I'm Triffen Halls and it's my job to announce the beginning of the hunger games!" She waits for applauds but not one person even moves to make any noise of any kind. We have stand for about an hour as many people from all around the capital come and talk about what the hunger games stands for. To keep peace, they go through this every year. Everyone just wants to see the names being pulled. Seconds seemed like hours but finally Triffen is standing again. "This year the reaping will be a little different" she says with a big smile on her face. I don't like the sound of this. All of a sudden the large fish bowl rolls on stage but this year there was nothing in it. As I look closer I see that I'm