Note from Allen Harding: Hey there, thanks for clicking on the story. Please keep in mind that this story is my creation, but I do not claim any of the characters or assets that were already thought up by Joanne Rowling. Credit goes where credit is due, and she created an amazing world that we should all be thankful for. This story was made entirely by myself, though I hope not to have to do so. I am open to suggestions and ideas from PMs or reviews. I am open-minded, to say the least, and most definitely read all the reviews and messages sent to me, considering they are not offensive or ridiculous. I do respond to feedback and am open to the idea of having a beta that isn't my girlfriend. Sorry for taking your time, enjoy the story. New Edit: I hate to edit the chapter so early on, but I am going to be placing a poll on my profile that is in regards to the plot line of the story. I hope to be interactive with my readers. This will happen every other chapter where the readers could help dictate the direction of this story. Go ahead and check out the poll on my profile. 1. Nos et Mutamur in Illis 'I know Professor Dumbledore told us not to owl you, but be safe mate,' said Ronald in the stiff, one-armed hug he shared with Harry Potter on the crowded platform of the nine and third quarter, packed with other Hogwarts students disembarking the express steam train of the same name. Behind the two stood the impatiently waiting brunette bookworm that was waiting for her fair share of Harry. As if it were automated, Harry pulled away, only to be found in a bone-crushing embrace brought upon by Hermione, almost knocking him off his feet before he caught himself from falling forward. Harry needn't turn around to face her to notice her tear stricken eyes. Sometimes, he'd ask himself if she were more deeply affected by the outcome of this year than the cursed one himself. At the present moment, he couldn't help but take an interest in the fact the recently blossomed woman behind him was pressed curiously hard against his back. His male instincts reacted as per normal, even though his mind continuously implored him to realise that she was practically his sister. Thankfully for him, it was enough. He wriggled under her embrace until he was facing her. He'd grown slightly since the start of the year, tall enough to allow her to rest her head on his shoulder finally. The feeling of his shoulder gradually dampening from the tears of his best friend was heartbreaking, but his heart was set on the unpleasant decision of being apathetic and impassive. Harry couldn't even recall saying more than three sentences since their departure from Hogwarts eight hours ago. Hence his silence as he brought his hand up to rub her back while his other wrapped around her. Nonetheless, he could feel his own eyes begin to well up as if her tears affected him on a chemical level as they provided a darkened spot on his grey shirt. 'I'll miss you,' she croaked, muffled between them as the bones in Harry's body felt as if they were beginning to bend in impossible ways. He suppressed the urge to groan to not make it appear as if he were in a position of displeasure to her. As if that has stopped her before, but the passing year changed everything. For every moment he closed his eyes, the darkness under his eyelids only dragged him back to that godforsaken graveyard. For every shade of green glanced upon in the Scotland landscape reminded him of the streak of green that raced and engulfed the real champion of Hogwarts. Even the mere brush of heat venting off the stove in the centre of his dorm room made him flinch. Upon entering the tournament - be that as it may, against his will - no one would have ever thought that any champion that returned from the final task, would ever be the same one that entered. Their embrace eventually had to come to a close as Hermione's father placed a hand on her shoulder, tugging lightly at her, no doubt in fatherly instinct. 'Mr. Granger,' Harry acknowledged; the intimidation that her father had in for him clearly having no effect. 'Mr. Potter,' he said back. Harry recalled Hermione's assurances from the year prior that he acted such towards any male around his darling daughter. He noticed a bushy-haired brunette, which could easily be described as an older variant of his best friend trailing right behind her father. The last thing that he'd wanted that morning was to make conversation with...anyone really. If she was anything like her daughter, an impending conversation of extended length was getting dangerously close. 'I apologise that I can't stick around but my uncle doesn't like to be kept waiting, and I'd prefer that a scene isn't pulled this early in the morning,' Harry stated as he gave his best friends a quick hug and bade them goodbye. He could sense the dissatisfaction in his friends as he looked to leave as soon as possible. Nonetheless, he appreciated the space his best friends gave him. After all, they hadn't known a single individual who had suffered more hardship the boy-who-kept-on-living. The cop-out wasn't entirely built on falsehood as there hasn't been a year that went by since his admission without his uncle pulling a fit in the car park of Kings Cross on the very topic. Typically, he would be "greeted" by an aggressive yank on his collar, forcing him to trip chest first into the handlebars of his trolley, earning a hoot from Hedwig as she's rattled in her cage. Somehow, the changes transcended from his magical world as he was only gestured by his uncle to follow him through the main hall of Kings Cross as he followed him through the doors leading to the car park. He hadn't tried to open the doors for him, leaving some level of normalcy in the morning in Muggle London. He found Dudley leant on the boot of the familiar Vauxhall estate belonging to his uncle. Watching Harry approach, he popped open the boot, their gazes averting from one another. His behaviour gave a clear indication of his familiar displeasure to help him with his trunk. Harry was somewhat pleased that his cousin had flushed out the walrus look he was taking after his father. After his belongings had been loaded into the boot, Dudley motioned to engage in one of his attacks on Harry, forcing their gazes to finally meet, his piercing green eyes burning into his blues. This wasn't the first time the two cousins had shared eye contact, but it was the first time that Dudley Dursley felt an unparalleled amount of emotion being produced from a pair of eyes. Dudley wasn't one to cower from bullying his "freak cousin," but he was one with a heart, and for once his heart won. Harry didn't know whether to be shocked or pleasantly surprised when he saw his cousin pull back and manoeuvre around the family car and ducking into the passenger seat. The Boy-Who-Lived-Again still couldn't understand why that had happened as a day had passed since his return to Surrey, and his cousin hadn't been acting up like he'd expected him to have done multiple times over by now. He hasn't been summoned down to the kitchen to be accused of pulling some "magical freakishery" as an excuse for their own mistakes, which in turn would force him to be both beaten and compelled to do another chore. They'd left him alone. A dream come true according to Harry. Yet he couldn't help but wonder why his accommodation hasn't returned to the hell it once was. Reason would point towards Dumbledore's doing since the Headmaster has established a habit pulling strings from the darkness. After all, what Muggle would reject a request from one of the most influential individuals in the Magical World. People know power, magical or muggle. He would soon find out, life isn't as complicated as that when he reached the last step on the staircase, nearly bumping into Dudley on his way down. 'Whoa, sorry,' said Dudley as he stepped back to let him walk past. At this point, Harry's had it. He put a hand on his shoulder, which wasn't as much of a handful as he'd expected. 'What's going on Dudley?' The question was eating at him since the morning before. He saw him shuffle uncomfortably as if we ventured for the first time into a topic that didn't involve insults and degradation. 'I'm tired Potter,' said Dudley, careful to spit his last name in a familiar disgust. Harry's eyebrows furrowed as he saw past his ruse, well aware of his stammer before saying his last name as if he originally intended to call him by his first. He didn't want to let it slide, but the thundering footsteps that could only belong to his uncle now were approaching from the sitting room. The door opened rather gracefully, all things considered, drawing the attention of the two by the staircase. 'Boy,' his uncle said as he aggressively pushed past Harry to hike up the stairs, his stomps not going without notice. Harry wasn't worried per se with his uncle's behaviour, it most definitely was not the first time he was "expressive". Fortunately, this bout of aggression did not arise from any of Harry's doing, the boy assumed. Turning back to Dudley, he asked. 'What's wrong with Uncle Vernon?' 'His drill company, Grunnings, took a hit when a competitor gained a lot of recognition in the past few months. He's been working his arse off to keep Grunnings in the standings.' Never mind the two had a two piece conversation that did not include magic or insults, Harry was most surprised by the decently constructed sentence that left his cousin's lips. His surprise did not go unnoticed as Dudley displayed his own expression of frustration. 'I'm not stupid Harry.' At this, Harry rose an eyebrow. Unfortunately for him, Dudley chose this moment to take his leave, and rather than go up the stairs like he'd wanted, he left through the front door, shutting it behind him, leaving Harry alone in the foyer of Privet Drive Number Four. It was the morning, give or take around seven to eight rather than the usual five to six. A habit Harry fell into as the year came to a close following the tragic end of the Triwizard tournament. Both of the male Dursleys shared the scent of sausages and eggs, which led Harry to believe the last of the family resided in the kitchen, only further confirmed by the sound of water and scrubbing. Hoping his luck remained, he entered through the glazed door, passing by his latched, former bedroom: the cupboard under the stairs, now housing his trunk. Petunia Dursley. He could never see that woman baring any biological relation to his mother. She stood like a bleached stick behind the sink, using her bony claws to grip into the sponge, brushing furiously against the face of the greased plate. It appeared that the entire household was on edge, no doubt due to the rise of stress in his uncle. For as long as he could remember, whenever his uncle got moody, it often impacted the entire household. Whenever Harry was home, most of that impact would be directed at him, and he had the scars to prove it. His entrance to the kitchen caught the attention of Petunia, all be it the wrong kind. 'Dudders, it's best if you just leave mother alone right now,' she said, closing the tap and grabbing one of the towels hanging on the edge of the counter. When she turned around