Chapter 1 I'm in the living room rocking to the sexy salsa music when I make Eric appear in my living room table while looking at his bills. He looks up at me in shock looking around. "What you doing in my house?" He asks me as I toss him down on his bed. He looks at me in shocked and I reach down unbuckling his pants not before taking off his shirt. "Lacie." He say sitting up and grabbing my hands from pulling his penis out of his boxers and sitting on it. I moan eyes rolling in the back of my head while he grips my hips moving with me and moaning with me. I grab the headboard while watching him regain composure and taking me off him. He gets up off the bed and fix himself and zip his pants up. I feel between my thighs feeling something wet and wonder if it's mucus but's something else white. Sperm? He picks his shirt up off the floor and put it on. "Eric." I say laying on the bed. He looks down before turning around facing me and I see that it's Mr. Howard. "Ms. Thorne." He say snapping me out of it and I sit up covering my body up with his blanket. "Mr. Howard." I whisper in shock almost throwing up a little bit in my throat. Oh, Mr. Howard is still hot. "Where is Kenta?" I ask him. "What are you doing in my house?" He asks me ignoring my question when the same salsa music play through his house. "I should go." I say getting up and taking the blanket with me covering up my lower part seeing that I'm not wearing undies. He looks at me walking by him and he rock his head a little bit dancing to the music. I close the bedroom door and turn to him. I lick my lips looking his beautiful pink lips and walking towards him. He looks me in the face before grabbing my face and kissing my lips. We're making for a couple of minutes and the next thing I know we're laying in his bed naked under the blanket staring at the ceiling. We both haven't said anything since having sex. He hasn't said anything and I put my head on his chest while he slowly blink his eyes. "You need to leave, Ms. Thorne." He say making put one leg over him and slowly get on top of him. I slide on his penis making us both moan. I put my head next to his while lifting up giving him a chance to put his penis in me but he doesn't move and I sit back on him. I lift my head up quick and look at him in the face to see him still staring at the ceiling. "No?" I ask looking in his face. He doesn't answer for a couple of seconds. "Yes." He answers. "No." I hear James voice say from behind me and I turn around to see him and Eric staring in the bedroom doorway. I didn't even hear the door open and I quickly get off Mr. Howard and cover myself up while James angrily glare in my face while Eric just stare in Mr. Howard's face. He sits up on the bed covering himself up. "What are you doing, Lacie?" James asks me. "It was unexpected and things just went from one thing to another. You're out of the hospital." I say looking at Eric but he just keep his eyes on Mr. Howard. I see he has a cast on his arm. "This is the girl who killed your sister?" He asks Mr. Howard. "This is her." "I just want to make sure because you have nothing but nasty things to say about her and what she did to your sister and how she spitted in your brother's face." He say making me look at Mr. Howard. He doesn't answer. "Lacie, put your clothes on and get out." James coldly say to me. I nod my head taking off the blanket and putting on my clothes. All three of them seen me naked before and I get off the bed and leave out of the room passing the guys. I run downstairs and out of the house and run down the street till I reach a phone booth to call Quil to come pick me up. I wait for at least twenty minutes till I see his car driving down the street and I wave towards him but he keeps driving past me. "Really, Quil." I say looking at him driving away. I can't help but laugh in my head as I make another phone call this time to Sam. "I'm not coming to pick you, Lacie." He say. "Sam, I'm tired. Quil kept driving off." "Why?" "I guess cause he smelt sex on me but I am really tired." I say feeling drowsy. "No, Lacie. Why would you have sex with the man who took your son from you?" He asks. I stay silent for a minute. "It started when I was dancing to some salsa music. It was on TV and I thought it was Eric." "Eric is in the hospital recovering from being shot." "He looks like James, Sam." "Why, Lacie?" "Because it felt good to be in the arms of a man." "You had Quil." "Me and Quil never had sex and he's a really good friend." "And, you had sex with the man who took your son?" "I did. He still looked like the man who I fell in love with." I say. Sam stay silent. "Some times you want a man to love you in these types of situations and I had someone. You don't know what it feels like to be in a hole?" "I was in a hole one time before, Lacie." "To have your children taken from you? It's too much going on inside of my heart and my feelings are hurt. It felt so good, Sam. I'm crying now." I say wiping the tears from my face. "You shouldn't had sex with him." He say as I look at Mr. Howard walking up to me with James. "You think so?" I ask. "Owen would not approve, Lacie." Sam say. "Owen's not a woman-" He hangs up the phone. "It was a mistake." Me and Mr. Howard say at the same time. "It was a big mistake to have sex with you, Ms. Thorne." "How long did you two have sex?" James asks both me and him. I look at my watch. It get silent between us as neither one of us answer the question. "Lacie?" "About four hours." I say. "You and him had sex for four hours. Did you two use protection?" He asks Mr. Howard. "No." He answers looking in my face. "What does this mean?" "I'm not dating Ms. Thorne. It was mistake." He say looking me dead in my face. "It was a mistake. Do you think that I can see Kenta?" "No." "Okay." I say as James looks in my face. I turn around and start walking down the street and realize that it's an hour walk home but I can manage. I need to walk to clear my head. I loved it. I turn around to see James and Mr. Howard still looking in my face and I turn back around wrapping my arms around me. I've been spending the last two hours just standing in my kitchen beating on this piece of raw stake. I haven't been answering no phone calls not like anyone has tried to call me. I an apology voicemail on Quil's cellphone but I'm sure he probably erased it. It was a big mistake and I'm sure it's going around but as a woman you took to someone for comfort in a way. I look outside to see that it's nighttime. I wonder what my boys are doing. Kenta is probably getting ready for bed and the twins are probably already sleep. I get them next week. I look at the door and someone knocks on it. I wash my hands before answering the door and see that it's Mr. Howard. "Can I come in?" He asks me. I nod my head moving out of the way for him to walk past and I close the door behind him. I check out his butt before he has a chance to sit down on the couch. I sit down next to him. I guess we'll have to discuss what happened. "I want to talk about what happened." "I do too. You said it was a mistake." "And, it was." He seriously say. "Yeah, it was a mistake and it was just a weak moment. I thought you was someone else but I did miss being in a man's arms." I say. "It'll never happen again." "Are you sure?" "I'm sure. I'm not thinking about getting in no relationship and not mostly with you ever, Ms. Thorne." He say making me put my head in my hands picturing Owen kissing on a woman. "It was a mistake." "I know it was a mistake." I say don't know why I just pictured Owen. "It's just that it felt good as a woman and I guess it could've been anybody and I thought you was Eric." I say. "How? He's in the hospital." "I don't know. Is that all?" I ask him. "I'm real sorry." "I'm sorry too about everything but I'm just tired and sleepy. So, go ahead." I say laying my head on the back of the couch feeling sleeping and seeing the naked back side of Owen. "I'm sorry." I say at the exact same time as Mr. Howard. "No, I'm sorry. I hated you at first for taking Kenta but as his father you have a better chance at giving him a more stable life." "Because I'm rich." "Yeah, and he doesn't treat me as his mother." "Because you haven't seen him a long time." "Yeah, the main reason and it was sexual mistake but it felt so good." I say trying to get Owen out of my head but it's like he's sending it to me. "It won't happen again, Ms. Thorne." Mr. Howard say. "Are you sure?" "I'm very sure." He say making me laugh. "What's funny?" "It's just that I didn't see us doing that ever again because you had moved on and I hated you for everything that went happened but I guess things happen for a reason and maybe I needed this and I know that it'll break my heart again. Can I show you out?" "How did you do that?" He asks me. "I didn't do nothing and you let me into your house." I say getting up but he just stay sitting on the chair. "You think I'm stupid?" "You must be to have sex with for four hours straight with in your bed." I say grinning hard. He just sit there staring hard in my face. "I'm just real tired after that and I walked home plus my steak." I say walking into the kitchen and see Owen and some random woman making out in bed. I just grab the steak and put it back into the freezer. I am so tired. I walk back to Mr. Howard. "I wanna talk about what happened." "I am okay. I am going to bed. Do you want join me?" I ask him. "No, I do not." "Then, can you let yourself or stay there? I am real tired." I say walking up the staircase and feeling every step that I take is heavy. "Ms. Thorne." "I don't want to call because it was not supposed to happen and I'm sure that this nothing but a dream or a nightmare." I say and go back to walking into my bedroom. "You can spend the night or do what