Disclaimer: I am definitely not J.K. Rowling. If I were, Fremione would be worth so much more to the world than it is now. Summary: Hermione Granger. Wasn't she meant to be Ron's girlfriend or something? Weren't they meant to have the fairy-tale ending? She was surely more a sister than a lover, right? That's what Fred Weasley thought before realising five years of his life were erased from his memory – five years of his life that was spent with her. Say something, I'm giving up on you I'll be the one, if you want me to Anywhere I would've followed you Say something, I'm giving up on you -0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0- * SAY SOMETHING * CHAPTER ONE: "GRANGER" -0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0-o-0- Yells and shouts and the unmistakeable noises of duelling filled the corridor. Fred backed into the hallway with Percy, both of then duelling masked and hooded men. In the corner of his eye, he could see Harry, Ron and Hermione run towards them to help: jets of light flew in every direction and the man duelling Percy backed off, fast: then his hood slipped and then they saw a high forehead and streaked hair. " Hello Minister!" bellowed Percy, sending a neat jinx straight at Thicknesse, who dropped his wand, and clawed at the front of his robes, apparently in awful discomfort. "Did I mention I'm resigning?" " You're joking Perce!" shouted Fred, as the Death Eater he was battling collapsed under the weight of three separate Stunning Spells. Thicknesse had fallen to the ground with tiny spikes erupting all over him; he seemed to be turning into some kind of sea urchin. Fred looked at Percy with glee. "You are actually are joking ... I don't think I have heard you joke since you were-" The air exploded. They had been grouped together, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred and Percy, the two Death Eaters at their feet, one stunned, the other transfigured: in that fragment of a moment, when danger seemed temporarily at bay, the world was rent apart. Fred felt every bone in his body break under a large amount of pressure. Pieces of debris were falling on top of him in such a rapid pace, he could barely think before his whole world was crushed into darkness. He felt his lungs struggle to find the air, and his heart pound in fear. As a piece of wall collided with his head, he felt the wound immediately begin to gush with blood, but before he could react to the pain, another chunk of concrete hit him and that was enough for his eyes to roll back into his head. Just before he surrendered to the darkness, he could hear Percy's voice as a pair of hands gripped his shoulders. "No! Fred! No! Fred! Fr-" "Fred is in the bloody hospital, again! " That wasn't Percy's voice. That sounded like a girl's voice. A familiar voice, but a girl's voice nonetheless. And unless Percy's voice suddenly changed dramatically in an instant, that was unmistakably a girl's voice. "Calm down, will you?" Now, there was a voice Fred could recognise without a moment's hesitation. He would know George's voice anywhere, even when he had no sight, like this moment for instance. Even now as he struggled to open his eyes, he knew it was his other half. He inwardly smiled as the sensation of relief washed over him. At least he knew his twin was safe. "I swear, George, this is the last time. One of these days, you're going to kill one of you, and then what's going to happen?" "Merlin, Hermione, I said I was sorry! I didn't think that the damn thing was going to explode!" So it was Hermione Granger whom his twin brother was having an argument with. Fred couldn't help but be slightly amused by this, but also a little confused. By the sounds of her frustrated tone, she had seemed to present some genuine concern for his wellbeing. And that was particularly odd, given that she was his little brother's best friend, and they had barely spoken two words to each other within the last year. "Of course you didn't!" came her reply. "You don't think about anything besides that damn joke shop!" Of course, the joke shop. Their home, their dream, their passion. They lived for that joke shop. They had poured their hearts and souls for years into their beloved joke shop. It didn't surprise Fred in the slightest that George would be putting their joke shop above all else. Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes was everything to them at this point. But what did that have to do with anything? "Hey, you've known for years that this is what we do. It was one little accident!" "A little accident?! He could've died, George! You could've blown his fucking head off." Wow, Fred had never heard Hermione Granger swear before. He smirked to himself, he'd never would've picked her to be the type to curse. Even with the constant threats of writing back home to their mother, he never thought one of them would push her so far that she'd curse at them. Perhaps he had underestimated the innocent bookworm. "Hermione, you need to calm down. The healers said he'll be alright when he wakes up-" "And they said that he's lucky to be alive! That's it, George! I've had it up to here with you and your bloody pranks." "Perhaps you should talk to Fred about this when he wakes up. I don't think he's going to agree with you." "Oh, don't worry. I'll make him see it my way." What on earth did she mean by that? Was she going to threaten him with a letter to their mother? Because that wasn't going to do anything. They weren't even living at the Burrow any more, that threat had lost all its appeal. Well… maybe not completely. Their mother would still find them even if they fled to Bulgaria. His eyes finally allowed themselves to open, and he saw a world that was far too blurry. He blinked a few times to try and clear the cloudiness in his vision. His head was painfully pounding, probably a result from the crushing of debris. He winced as a sharp pain pierced his mind, causing him to close his again to brace it. Once the wave of pain subsided, he allowed his eyes to open again. He took in the space around him. From the way his hospital bed was set up, he could see two people at the foot of the bed arguing with each other. Even before his vision cleared up, he knew exactly who they were based on the conversation he was listening to earlier. Hermione seemed all about two seconds away from whipping out her wand and casting a jinx down George's throat. George seemed to be as equally frustrated with her, except his style would've required a huge prank and whatever was left of Hermione's dignity. George ran a hand through his hair. "Don't you think you're being a little unreasonable, Hermione? Don't you think that-?" "Fred!" Hermione squeaked, noticing his awake state. Her anger quickly melted away as her eyes met his. Even George's armour began to crack and he gave a sigh of relief as he noticed his twin's consciousness. Hermione was the first to move, rushing over and throwing her arms around him. "Oh my Lord, I was so worried." "I can see that," he croaked, wrinkling his nose as her bushy hair tickled it. She pulled back and gave him a beaming smile. "It's nice to see you too." "Stop it," she teased, giving him a kiss on his nose. Fred blinked at her in surprise. That was a new development. "For Merlin's sake, Hermione. Let the man breathe," George's voice came from his right. Fred turned his head to see his brother grinning widely at him, before also enveloping him in a hug. "You gave us a right good scare there, mate." Fred's hand reached up to his pounding head, only to find it heavily wrapped in gauze. Maybe that brick hit him harder than he realised. The quick sting returned and he winced again, causing the two of them to react. He dismissed them both with a wave of his other hand. "Should I grab a healer?" George asked him. "No, it's alright," Fred answered with a sigh, as the pain subsided again. He looked over to his twin and noticed that his hair had grown out a little, obviously in an effort to cover the gaping dark hole that he had instead of an ear. When did he manage to do that? He said the hole didn't bother him, but surely there wasn't enough time for him to have grown out his hair this quickly. He frowned as he examined his brother again, and noticed that he seemed to be uninjured from the war. Not a scratch or bruise on him, and for that he was thankful. In fact, he looked as if he were in perfect health. His gaze shifted to the bushy-haired witch standing on his other side. Now that his eyes had adjusted to the light, he noticed that Hermione looked a little older. She was no longer a kid, but now a full-grown woman, standing before him. Merlin, the war must've changed her. She grew up in so many more ways that he could've imagined, and honestly, it had shown a little in her mature stance. She, too, seemed to be at the peak of her health. Any horrors from the war were not present in her exterior. Her brown eyes regarded him warmly, a bright smile on her face as she took his hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. He stared at her in confusion, feeling a bit uncomfortable about her small hand wrapped around his. "How are you feeling? Are you in any pain?" she asked, her head tilting questioningly. "Aside from the headache, I feel fine," he admitted with a frown. "A bit drowsy maybe." "That'd be the pain potions," George supplied from his other side. "Honestly, I wasn't excepting you to wake up this soon. Normally you're out for a few more hours when they give you them." Fred looked to his brother in confusion. This is not the first time he'd been injured, but he hadn't been knocked out completely since he took a bludger to the head in his second year. Surely George didn't remember how long he was unconscious for when they were twelve, he sure as hell didn't. The hand wrapped around his gave another small squeeze, and Fred suddenly found himself staring into chocolate coloured eyes. "Do you need me to fetch you some water?" her soft voice asked. Suddenly, Fred became aware of how thirsty he actually was. He didn't even have a chance to respond before Hermione's hand let go of his to reach for the jug of water that was sitting on the bedside table. After pouring him a glass, she brought the glass to his lips and began to let the cool water slip into his mouth. He was not prepared for her to be bringing water to him in such a fashion, and as a result of his surprise, he choked and spluttered the water. Hermione withdrew instantly, obviously alarmed. "Oh Fred," she said. "I'm sorry." "It's alright," Fred managed to choke out, as George gave him a good thump on his back. "Thanks anyways." His mind tingled underneath the bandage, Fred began to wonder how deep the wound really was. He stretched out his jaw, feeling it cramp slightly, most likely another result of the falling wall. He stared down at his body, and noticed that they remained intact. That was a definite bonus. He was sure that wall had crushed bones, as well as his lungs and head, but he felt fortunate that his splitting headache was the only evident problem with him.