Hello everyone. This is my new fiction, in English this time- sorry dear French readers. I might have it translated later, although I'm planning on publishing a kind of Robin Hood Dramione fic in French soon that in many aspects will be similar to this one. The title, Mercury, is in reference to two things. First, in Roman mythology, Mercury was the god of thieves. Secondly, it is of course a reference to Draco Malfoy's silver eyes. I do hope you like it. Unfortunately, my beta has currently stopped evolving in Fanfiction, much to my sorrow, and I haven't found a new one yet. So I do hope you will be able to overlook any writing mistakes in this fiction. The story is one that I love a lot, and I hope you'll appreciate it as much as I do. It is an AU, so I'm going to give you a little information, although as the story goes on you should manage to understand it all: - This is in the 1600's, although the language will be close to our modern one for evident reasons. - Imagine the setting to be a crossover between the traditional European courts of the 1600's and the tales of Ali Baba and his forty guys. There you go. Here's the first chapter, enjoy! 0o0o0o0o0o The slender figure slipped through the palace corridors, dressed in a white muslim night dress over which she had thrown an ermine-trimmed cloak, to cover her modesty and against the draught of the corridors. The guards stiffened in a silent aknowledgement as she drifted by, a candle in her bare hand. Behind the feminine figure came two maids, who followed her, rubbing their eyes and yawning, however, the Princess must not go alone. The palace was supposed to be a secure place, but vandals could get in, it being so big; besides, no respected lady should be unattended when walking by night, and in such attire; this being the Princess herself, she was barely allowed to go to the bathroom without a whole crowd. The Princess had awoken that night in a tired and cross state; it was plain summer, and even the bedrooms of Her Royal Highness were bound to be too hot. Sighing deeply, she had thrown herself in her cloak and slippers, and her maids, Parvati and Padma, two twins of her age, had immediately followed, bearing candles against the dim light. The Princess arrived in the kitchens and took one quick glance around the place, before sitting down in front of a table. Parvati started lighting a few torches, and Padma brought them three cups made in silver and a bottle of honeydew wine. "Cheers," she grumbled, sending a no-nonsense glance to the Princess who pinked slightly: "Sorry, ladies. I will not forget now to keep drinks in the chambers," she announced in her cristal-clear voice. "Yay," muttered Parvati in sarcasm before joining them; "you finally understood that we hate being awoken, Your Highness." The Princess shot back a furious gaze and said, "How many times exactly must I remind you to call me Hermione?" Padma poured a second cup for them and retorted, "Yeah right. So that the King your father can have our heads for not respecting our future ruler?" "I didn't ask you to call me by my name when Father is around," snapped back the Princess. "Besides, given how you talk to me as if I was some commoner, it's not that far a step." They giggled and soon retreated to their bedroom, where the twins flopped upon the makeshift beds near Hermione's, as they did two nights a week upon their shift. Soon, the Indian servants were asleep, Padma even snoring slightly, and since Hermione was still too hot to do as much; she sat on a windowsill and breathed in the warm breeze. Enough was enough: she was not tired enough to sleep like the twins, so she would tire herself. She decided that a bit of exercice would do that nicely. Hermione donned again her cloak and slippers and gazed at the twins; they seemed happy to sleep, and would be grumpy to wake, so she decided to leave them be. Besides, what would happen to her in the sleeping palace? Hermione slipped out of the room and padded away on a random route. The palace was so peaceful at night. She wandered through empty corridors, relishing one of the rare times that she could actually roam unattended. Suddenly, as she was silently walking past a long, dark corridor, she heard a tinkling noise, as if someone had just made something fall. The noise was followed by shuffling, then silence. Hermione was not anything if not adventurous, which could put her royal person in trouble from time to time. If she were not her parents' daughter, she would have long been beheaded for such cheekiness. Curious, Hermione scampered down the corridor at the end of which, she knew, lay the Treasure Room. The two guards in front of the doors seemed to be knocked out cold. Hermione's heart pitter-pattered in fear and excitement. She knew she should have turned back, knew she should have called for help, but she did not. Instead, she slipped through the door, graceful and silent. Hermione had been in this room before, so she cared not for the massive amounts of gold and jewels lined up against the walls, on the ground in heaps, in chests and on tables, in bags and sacks. Her attention was focused upon two people before her. They were both male, and probably her age. One was tall, lean but all muscle, and had dark skin with beautiful features. The other was smaller and stockier and seemed broody, with chestnut hair. Another thing was obvious about them; they were thieves, stealing the royal treasure, shoving it into sacks at their feet, backs half-turned to her. Hermione's heart burst in indignation, and she silently picked up a sword near herself, its hilt embedded with rubies, trying to be brave and ignore the fact that the dark one had a wicked-looking dagger thrust in his belt, and that the other one's rapier swung at his side. "You cannot ever shut up, can you, you clumsy, stupid fool," sneered the dark one. The other rolled his eyes and whispered loudly back: "Sorry, Ô Great King Of Duplicity and Shadows, but not everyone is as able as you to merge in the darkness and shut the hell up." "Well, you should learn, Theodore," affirmed the dark one. "Now, how about this for a change. You being the one to shut your trap lest you make our presence known, Blaise?" "And how about I kick your non existent brains right out of your butt, you stupid commoner?" "Well, how about I..." "Oh, shut it already and get on with it, you bumbling idiot." "Like anyone shall find us," muttered Theodore in an amused tone. "I mean, the King is just some kind of cruel bastard who lays taxes upon everyone and no-one, his wife the Queen is an unable sub, their guards are foolish enough to let only two of us walk through the entire place, and oh, let's just say that the daughter and heir must be some kind of nasty bitch rubbing her thick, greedy hands together while plotting for the throne, as the good daughter of tyrans she must be." "Oh, I dunno," replied Blaise while closing his bag, "they say she's pretty. And that she's as sweet as the King is cruel." "Yeah right," scoffed Theodore, closing his sack too. "Propaganda." Blaise shrugged it off and turned around. To meet the business end of a trembling sword pointed upon him and his partner in crime. A lovely young woman their age was holding it, and she seemed wide-eyed and frightened, though she was putting on a rather convincing brave face. The three stared at each other for a while, then Blaise licked his lips and managed a seductive smile. He could easily push the terrified little thing away, but he did not wish to hurt an innocent. Theodore, he knew, would not have such qualms. "Why hullo there, good maiden. Be careful, dear, that sword appears much too heavy for you. How about you put it down a minute?" "So you can get out?" she retorted immediately. Suddenly, her face scrunched up in a disgusted motion: "And probably slit my throat before leaving," she added. Her voice did not tremble, and her sword had steadied itself. Blaise could not help but be impressed. The adorable little thing did not seem so adorable any more. In fact, she seemed deadly serious. Too bad for her. "I wish not to hurt an innocent," replied calmly Blaise, palms up, "but by all the dieties, love, if you move, I will have to do just that." Her face grew colder and her sword motioned to the treasure in their sacks. "Ah no? Then why do you steal the Kingdom? You are taking away the food and clothing of the poor. Is that not hurting innocents?" Blaise and Theodore forgot a moment about the time they were losing to stare incredulely at her. "Wow. You work in the kitchens, lass, to know nothing about where this money goes to?" asked Blaise slowly, in disbelief. "It is common knowledge that the King steals the poor to feed the rich. It is only right that we take some back." "Nonsense!" she stomped her foot, glaring through narrowed eyes. "My f-I mean, the King would never do such a thing; he would not hurt anyone." Suddenly, Theodore cut in, peering at her clothes: "Hey, lass, but are you not wearing ermine? The very material reserved to royalty?" She stilled, and the men's faces went from curious to lethal. "Let's kill her," growled Theodore. "No, Theo," cut frostily Blaise. "If she is royalty, then her murderous family shall come after us. We only want peace. Tie her up and leave her here." "Yes, so that she can blabber away just how we look, and talk, and act when she is found? Kill her, I say!" Blaise seemed torn. He did not want to hurt the girl, who was going a ghastly white as Theodore was speaking, but she was royalty, and by no means ready to befriend them, common thieves. Suddenly, in a remarkable quick move, Hermione jumped back... ...And began screaming on the top of her lungs. After all, it was her only escape route. "Told you," hissed Theodore, grabbing the sacks and hauling them over his shoulders. "Darn that the place doesn't have a window around." Blaise leaped on the girl, knocking her to the ground and the breath out of her lungs, but naturally, her knee came up to his groin, making him pant. Angrily, he slapped her, hoping to calm the minx, but she did nothing but wrestle, and finally bit his hand. When he was done, though, his shape and training gave him the upper hand, and he neutralized her. Too late. Footsteps were running down the corridor. "Now what, Master of Dealing with Impertinent Royal Maidens, Frenzied Guards and Escape Route All At Once?" hissed Theodore. "Keep a hold on that money, you butt trumpet. She's our token out." Theodore nodded in appreciation and burst the doors open, effectively stopping the stampeding guards a few meters away from the doors. Blaise followed him out, trailing a writhing, furious Hermione with him as if she was no more than an annoying mosquito, which infuriated her even more so. "Please," muttered Blaise. "Please, dearest. Be quiet, play nice, and no-one shall be hurt." "You wish, you common mongrel!" "I resent that," he taunted, pulling her along. The guards gasped and stopped all movement upon seeing her. Blaise glanced down, something akin to admiration in his gaze. "Nice tour de force , lass. You must be someone of importance." "Now," bellowed Theodore, strutting up to the