Leaving it all behind Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter except a copy of the books. No, the honour belongs to Ms JK Rowling. Summary: Harry knew about the horcruxes when he is faced with betrayal. Fleeing, he enters a new school. If he has to die then he will drag the SOB Voldemort with him. Facing death, Harry leaves it all behind. HPxOMC AU!4567! Inspiration: Go read Bloody Skies by Toki Mirage. It is simply brilliant! And Miranda Flairgold! Geniuses I tell thee! I bow to them and Ms Rowling! Beta-d by skyflyte12, 22/5/10 Thank her! Prologue Thou art slave to Fate, Chance, kings and desperate men, And dost wit poison, war and sickness dwell. -'Death be not proud' by John Donne. Harry stared at the endless black, wondering at how not even the stars could brighten the night sky. Strangely ironic, now that he thought of it; it was like a representation of his whole existence. The death of his parents, his mother's sacrifice, being a saviour, Sirius's death and now, on his sixteenth birthday, Harry could only see his future in death and, oddly enough, the sky. He chuckled dryly to himself before whispering to the dark, "Now I know I've spent too much time alone." "It shall be a Red Dawn. Bloods will be spilt in the night,"* he couldn't help but quote as emeralds hid from the world. Even if only for a moment. Contemplating it all in a melancholic frame of mind, Harry concluded that his life was either a Shakespearean tragedy or a modern sci-fi fantasy novel for children and young adults. In his fourth year, it was the Triwizard Tournament that started it all. He was forced to participate in a contest that could kill him and everyone but Hermione – all those people who he had recognised as his friends – turned their backs on him. Even Ron, his best friend, turned his back on him. That had hurt the most and became a frightful reminder to him of a 'friend' that he'd had in primary school. Ron was ruled by his jealousy and had shown his true colours on more than one occasion, now that he looked back on it objectively. Hermione was an awesome friend, but she trusted books and adults in positions of authority way too much for his own comfort. It was strange that preparing to face the dangerous tournament alone, trying to survive on his own merits and hard work, meant that his thirst for knowledge was reborn, and with a greater intensity than ever before. It was not like he wanted to memorise every fact that he came across – no, that was not his goal. He wanted to gain a deeper understanding of the magic around him. The knowledge and insight into his own magic. And then there was Cedric. Dear Lord that had been a disaster. Harry blushed a furious red as he recalled his first encounter with the grey-eyed male during the summer when they were both going to the Quidditch World Cup. The Hufflepuff seeker sent shivers down his spine, and that was how Harry discovered his attraction to the elder male. Terrified out of his mind, he latched onto the most bearable and appropriate female to crush on; Cho Chang. And then came Voldemort and Cedric's... that year ended in a nightmare even without taking Fudge being a blathering idiot into account. Fifth year was haunted by nightmares, slander and Sirius. And that was only by Christmas time. Some Christmas present: Sirius's death. They broke into the Department of Mysteries after escaping the mad Umbitch and her conspiracies. Harry only concocted the fool-hardy plan on the notion that he was saving his godfather. But he ended up killing him instead. He had felt a part of himself shatter as he watched the man fall through the Veil. And then, bare hours later, there was that damned prophecy that Dumbledore finally decided he was 'of sufficient age' to know! According to it, he had to kill or be killed by old Moldyshorts. And about the Horcruxes... with all the new information that the Headmaster revealed it was no wonder that Harry blew up his office. The Old Coot deserved it. The second half of the year was spent searching for the horcruxes and grieving. Oh, and the Ministry finally admitting that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was not a figment of Harry's insane and broken mind and was actually back from the dead. The year had been a nightmare; no two ways about it. All of this led to one very important event. Voldemort waged an attack on Hogwarts and the war began. Harry had fought in the front lines and he shuddered at the memories. The blood stained the stone walls of the ancient castle. Luna died that day. As did Ginny and Dean. Along with almost a hundred other students. Harry at least killed Nagini, who was a suspected horcrux, and faced down Snakeface himself before Dumbledore stepped in. The Deathmunchers retreated when Voldemort did. But that was not the end. Flashback Harry panted heavily as he stood his ground. Blood dripped from his forehead and various other injuries even as he kept a death grip on his broken wand. Looking up, he smiled at Dumbledore. The man had once again saved his life. Though the duel raised the important question of just how he, a fifteen year old boy, was supposed to kill one of the most feared wizards of the century. Especially with his wand snapped. His wand couldn't handle the connection; it had vibrated to shattering point. Both wands had been damaged, but Harry's had snapped completely just before Dumbledore stepped in and duelled Voldemort, leaving Harry to duel a Death Eater with a wand he scavenged from a dead body nearby. Blue eyes looked at him with no twinkle as Dumbledore's face was set in neutral, his wand raised and pointed directly at Harry. He stared back, confused at his mentor. "Sir?" he rasped out, voice hoarse from shouting spells, "Is something wrong?" Dumbledore shook his head and smiled sadly, "I am afraid, my dear boy, that I have discovered what the prophecy meant." Emerald eyes shone with hope as Harry eagerly asked, "What is it sir?" Thinking that maybe there a way out for him. "Harry, I did a spell to locate Voldemort's horcruxes, using your blood. It was a stretch but it worked seeing as He now possesses your blood too. I have located all of them and destroyed all but four. You killed Nagini so there are three left. One in Voldemort himself, and another in a Gringotts Vault that will be destroyed very soon. That leaves only the last." Dumbledore took a deep breath and shook his head; "I am sorry Harry, but neither can live while the other survives." The next moment was a blur as Harry found himself disarmed and at wand point from all sides. Looking around, he saw all the professors and even Ron and Hermione pointing their wands at him. Confused, he looked pleadingly at Dumbledore. "Sir?" His voice trembled. "The last horcrux is you. That is how you got some of his powers. I am sorry my boy, but for the Greater Good you must die." And everything went black. When Harry came around he was in a cell, shackled and wandless. Everyone had agreed; everyone had betrayed him. His life for theirs. One life for millions. They were going to extract the soul, which would probably kill him. The cell was in a dungeon of sorts; it was dark and dank. Stone walls, 4x4m and with bars. There was no one; food appeared alone. He was just another object to be destroyed. Locked away until then. It had been almost three weeks of nothing to do but think and stare out of the enchanted window. End Flashback And now, on the night of his sixteenth birthday, Harry James Potter was going to die by the hands of his friends and those he called family in a ritual. Harry sighed as he stared at the barely visible stars. The time in complete isolation had changed things. He actually thought about his life up until that point and came to the conclusion that the only people who truly knew him were the Dursleys. They never pretended to care or be interested in him for hidden agendas. This, in his eyes, was more humane than toying with a human being for years before driving in the knife poised at their back. Dumbledore saw him as a weapon. Ron saw him as his ticket to fame. Hermione may have seen him as a friend, but she also saw him as the saviour. The professors saw him as his parents. To the world, he was their sacrifice; their scapegoat. No one knew Harry. And that hurt. Footsteps approached the cell causing Harry to turn his head to the newcomer. Violet robes with clouds, moons and stars met his vision. Harry's blood boiled as he realised exactly who was there – Dumbledore. The man he trusted and looked up to. The man who may have manipulated everything, but in the end was still human, still fallible. Oh Harry felt rage and contempt for the man. Dumbledore was trying to save the world, a world he saw as his own personal chess board. The feelings were conflicted but Harry knew one thing. He definitely felt betrayed. Whatever naivety was left in him after all these years was totally gone now. The world was a cruel, painful, sorrow-filled place. And he was expendable. "It is time Harry. The new moon is almost in its position. I am sorry my boy, but this is the only way." The old man said, his voice tinged with sadness. Harry wasn't sure if it was an act or not. He refused to respond as he instead turned back to the window. Looking at the blackness, Harry contemplated what he had been told. The ritual had to be done in the new moon by six people; two of which must have a strong emotional connection to him. They would extract the soul and destroy it. And break its bonds to Harry's magic. Harry would die as well as the soul was so intertwined with his own. They couldn't 'risk' not killing him after Voldemort because Harry may get possessed and they didn't want to fight him. Nor could they risk Voldemort being able to draw on Harry's magic. After Voldemort, Dumbledore may not have enough power to overcome Harry's raw power. They were sorry but it was the only way. The new moon was on his sixteenth birthday. They locked him up so he couldn't run. He shouldn't fight them because he was saving everyone else. Unlike how he failed to save everyone during the battle at Hogwarts. Their words blurred at they pounded through his mind. They took his freedom, his magic and now his life. All thought was abruptly stopped at he was hit with a stunner and the world turned dark. Vaguely, harry wondered if dying would be this peaceful. Mentally snorting, he cursed his luck that ensured they would make it painful. Voices echoed quietly around Harry as he woke up. Keeping his eyes closed, he concluded that he was shackled to the ground and wearing a robe. He kept still and listened intently for more information. "It's almost time, Albus" came McGonagall's voice, it was reluctant. Harry hid a sad smile at the betrayal of his favourite professor. The one person who was fair in Hogwarts had also turned her back on him. Harry almost sighed as he once again pounded it into his head that the world was selfish and would sacrifice him to save themselves. Common sense, really. "There is no other way, is there Headmaster?" came Hermione's nervous voice, but there was excitement underlining it. That made Harry cringe. Even at the cost