A/N — Yet again, I'll state that if you don't like this story don't read it. It's shameless smut or, as I call it, porn-with-minimal-plot. Warning-wise this is less than The Last Betrayal, dealing only with (forced) cuckolding, but it's longer and more explicit, so… A/N — Contrary to popular belief, I don't hate Harry. I rather like him, actually. The problem is that I like featuring Ginny a lot in my smut stories (I'm not sorry; she's sexy), and for some themes, such as cuckolding, it just doesn't flow as well to have her married to someone besides Harry. Hence this being Ginny/Draco. I actually debated putting this up immediately after The Last Betrayal (what with the mixed reaction it got), but I figured since I'd written it I might as well publish it. This is the internet, and what's it here for if not publishing stuff like this? This is why I made this account. In fact, I have another Ginny smut story lined up (a oneshot) but I haven't finished it. I started it before this one, actually, but this gave me more inspiration. I can only hope that it complies with FFN's rules. Anyway, without further ado: Malfoy's Promise. Chapter I: The Verdict • Sitting in the special atrium to the Wizengamot courtroom, Harry Potter stewed in the least formal robes he felt he could get away with in front of the leaders of the wizarding world. Beside him, his wife of two years — Ginny — sat in much nicer robes and gave his knee a comforting rub with a slight smile, signaling to Harry that his outward appearance of distant annoyance hadn't fooled her. Allowing himself to relax at the young woman's touch, Harry sank back in the far-too-comfortable seats that had been provided for them and tried not to rub his temples or leap to the floor to pace back and forth, entirely feeling like everything in the room was designed to lull him into a false sense of security. It wasn't that the room was particularly comforting, mind you. Nor was it particularly discomforting. The walls were a dull beige that seemed far too boring for wizards; the bronze plaques of the doors glared at him; the vibrant red carpet snuggled with his shoe soles; the chairs held him like a skilled masseuse; and the portraits on the walls all smiled at him happily with the easy faces of midwits and amateurs content in their centuries of service to the Ministry of Magic and, by proxy, the Wizengamot. Though all of it was serene in a very mind-numbing way, it sat on Harry's mind like Hagrid sat on Hogwarts chairs. The problem was that it gave him, very strongly, the same impression as when Umbridge had tried, those few times, to be nice to him in a poor gambit to get information on Dumbledore, and made him certain the room was designed for powerful people getting bad news. It made him want to glare at everything until it burst into flames. It didn't help that he was only here because of a typically enigmatic letter from the Ministry summoning him, and his wife, to one of the smaller Wizengamot chambers on the same day he had rather been intending to get started on a family with Ginny. Harry had been rather looking forward to the occasion with his curvaceous and entirely too tempting wife, and had been thoroughly annoyed by the fact the Ministry had chosen to summon him at the very start of his vacation time. Nevertheless, having little desire to become Undesirable Number One again — and even less to take on the Ministry, now that the War was over — he had been a good little citizen and trotted along at the appointed date and time. Then he had been kept waiting. His first thought was that he was having the same trick pulled on him as when he had been put on trial before his fifth year, and that someone in the political arena he had been so studiously avoiding had decided to make a move for Harry's little-used power. Having not taken anymore kindly to this than the first time it had happened, and, being substantially more aware of things, Harry had demanded various things loudly and continuously until the plump man at the desk had managed to convince him that his summons was still at the appointed time and that the partial Wizengamot had merely run overtime on some other business with another wizard. That had managed to get Harry sitting again, but it had made him no more friendly to anyone and still required the attentions of Ginny to keep things from devolving again. Intellectually, Harry knew that he was being somewhat unreasonable, but given that he had never had a reasonable dealing with any wizarding authority in his life he felt rather entitled to his behavior. Certainly it felt damn good not to sit and let things happen to him anymore, even if he was accomplishing nothing but widening the rift between him and wizarding authority. Finally, a full fifteen minutes after when Harry had expected to be let in, a scrawny man with enormous glasses and a quill behind his ear opened a side door to the chamber. "Lord Potter, Lady Potter, please enter." Standing stiffly, Harry felt Ginny give his hand a small squeeze before leading them both through the small door and into the partially walled-off area that signified part of the wizarding court-room. Beyond the large benches that stretched around one-quarter of the room sat two other desks and chairs, beyond which lay a dais in the center of the room, more benches on either side, and a pulpit. These last two were already filled, with the speaker of the Wizengamot (a snotty looking Death Eater relative who hadn't been a Death Eater himself, choosing instead to use bureaucracy as the outlet for the sadism which was his inheritance) sitting on the pulpit and various members of the Wizengamot seated on either side. The scrawny man directed them to their seats: Ginny to one of the benches behind Harry, and Harry to the leftmost bench facing the pulpit. When they were seated, the Speaker cleared his throat and said "This is a merely the sentencing of a case against Lord Harry James Potter, the outcome of which was determined in a trial in absentia. Owing to the fact that the Lord has, presumably, not previously known of this case, we, the Wizengamot, do now give him the opportunity to have the trial details read to him. Speak now, Lord, if you wish for the trial details." Furrowing his brow, Harry wondered what case against him could possibly have been made — owing to his non-presence in the wizarding world for the past three years since Voldemort's defeat — but had the presence of mind to say "I would like them, please." There was a murmuring about the room, and Harry wondered if there had been some sort of proper wording he had neglected to use. Not much caring, seeing as how he had come in robes that even Ron would be able to tell were cheap, Harry merely allowed this to amuse him, smiling as the murmuring continued until the Speaker held up his hand, a displeased look on his face. Given that that was how it usually sat, Harry felt no more informed than before. "Very well. Last year, on the 31st of March, 1999, a plea was brought before the Wizengamot by one of its members to create an assembly for hearing a case against one of its other members; you, Lord Potter. This plea was granted and this body was assembled, and the case was thus: that you, Lord Potter, were guilty of multiple attempts at line extinction in the second degree. Specifically, that multiple attempts on life were made, by you, against persons whose death would have resulted in the extinction of houses including: Lestrange, Malfoy, Black, Nott, Bode, Avery, and other, minor houses. As all evidence was already held by the Wizengamot from previous trials, namely your personal testimonies during trials at the end of the War, the trial was conducted in absentia of both the defense and the prosecution. You were determined guilty on all charges except those against Bode and Nott. Do you have any objections?" Finally finding his voice, Harry managed to ask "You mean apart from the fact that they were trying to kill me?" "That is why this is second degree, Lord Potter, and not first degree," the Speaker said in a bored tone, as though Harry were stupid for not knowing this. "If you had premeditated the killings and/or intended to extinguish the line you would have been arrested a year ago. Do you have any other objections?" "You've got to be kidding me!" Harry exclaimed. "There isn't anything about self-defense in there?" "The charges are related to the line extinction, not the act of killing nor intention to kill. Any other objections?" "So you're telling me that if those guys had been anyone else I wouldn't be here right now?" "That is why you are not being charged for anything related to actions against other servants of the self-styled Lord Voldemort," the Speaker enunciated. "Do you have any further objections?" "Yeah, a big one! This is bloody unfair! Doesn't killing Voldemort get me any consideration?" "The law applies to you, Lord Potter, the same as it does for everyone else, regardless of temporarily legal and unrelated vigilante actions. You yourself were involved in several cases involving charges of line extinction, so you should be familiar with how the law is applied. Now, again, do you have any further objections or may we proceed with sentencing?" Trying to work his jaw free of where it had set stonily, Harry struggled to think of something but came up blank. Eventually he could only ask "Can I appeal this?" "No, Lord Potter. All evidence used was evidence deemed truthful and legitimate by you yourself during the various trials you were involved in. There is no right to appeal in cases such as these. May we proceed with sentencing?" Stiffly, Harry nodded, and the Speaker hummed in distant satisfaction. "Very well. Let it be noted that Lord Potter has no more objections and the ruling stands. It now falls to me, on behalf of the Wizengamot, to pronounce sentencing for these confirmed charges." Now the Speaker cleared his throat. "Owing to the scope of these charges, monetary penalties would normally apply; however, due to the number of charges of this kind I can only recommend a sentence of mulier adultera . So the Speaker has spoken, so let it be." His gavel rapped, and there was a smattering of gasps across the room. Harry, being ignorant of wizarding law for the most part, sat there confused. Looking to the scrawny wizard by his side, who had sat half-asleep through the proceedings, Harry hissed "What does that mean?" The wizard started, and then looked at him questioningly. "What does that mean? Mulier adultera? I don't speak Latin." The scrawny man's eyes widened. "My apologies, Mr. Potter. I didn't think it would be so… harsh." "What the bloody hell is it?" Harry demanded, getting fed up with the whispering throughout the room and wanting to know what injustice the Wizengamot was going to heap on him now. "Er… well…" the wizard stammered, blushing. "It means 'an adulterous wife.' The punishment is that the Ministry, on behalf of the esteemed Wizengamot, will modify your marriage bonds in order that another wizard may… er… get rights to your wife. That is, the Lady Potter will become an open-concubine. Again, I'm sorry. For what it's worth, it could have been worse." "What?!" the famous wizard exclaimed in a voice that was more roar than hiss. The term 'open-concubine' stirred something in his memory, but it eluded his