This is a gapfiller one-shot between Matchmaker, Matchmaker and sequel I'm going to be writing that you can expect in a week or two. It introduces a couple of concepts of the sequel and ties up some loose ends from Matchmaker. There's not much you'll understand here if you haven't read Matchmaker, although the sequel/companion will have new characters and such and not really be tied to the original. This is also a thank you to annafan for continuous support as I develop what I hope are becoming well-honed skills in the art of parody. She requested a Tauriel and Eowyn in the NCIS bullpen one-shot, and this kind of popped into my head. Tauriel pulled up to the flat she shared with Eowyn, heaving a long sigh and turning off the radio. She'd developed a particular love for seventies country music during her time in the modern AU-verse, much to the chagrin of her wife, who preferred hard rock. Their differing tastes in music had been the only reason Tauriel went and bought her own car, but she hadn't regretted it. Eowyn was running an investigation on Mary-Sues in modern-AU verses after hours at the bullpen. NCIS headquarters had so much technology that they would have been a fool not to take advantage of it, but Tauriel herself was enjoying the time she spent away from Mary Sues and fic-jumping, so she'd left that business to Eowyn. Her ears perked at the sound of rustling from inside her house. The curtains swayed in the window, and a shadow passed behind them. Eyes narrowed, Tauriel drew her standard issue NCIS pistol and cocked it, aiming for the front door as she approached. She reached into the bush on her porch and pulled out a stun gun with her free hand. The stun gun in the bushes had been Eowyn's idea, just in case a hit man (or worse, a vengeful Sue) decided to lie in wait for them outside their house. Back then, she had laughed. Now, she was grateful for the idea. She advanced on the house, stun gun in one hand and real gun in the other, using every bit of her natural Elvish stealth to keep silent until she was within arm's length of the door. Then, abandoning a quiet approach, she kicked the door open. "Federal agent!" she shouted into the empty house. "Nobody move!" But the house was dark and empty, save for the one-eyed grey cat sitting in her entryway, staring at her with wide eyes. "Spalko?" she muttered, eyeing the cat. She and Eowyn had picked it up from a murder victim's house a few months previous and kept it, even naming it after their favorite crazy Sue-slayer. Still holding out her gun, she made a clean sweep of the kitchen and bedrooms and made to advance on the living room, the overhead lights still out, but tapping against the floor below her easy chair was a very human foot. And if she listened closely, she could hear the slight crunch of sour candy. What kind of pathetic assassin made use of their victim's easy chair and raided the pantry while they waited to be discovered and possibly shot? Finger on the trigger of her pistol, she turned on the lights. "Haldir would have your ass if you shot me," said the invader, without moving a muscle. Tauriel lowered her gun. "What are you doing here?" she demanded. "I wanted to talk to you." "You could have called me. Or knocked on the door. You didn't have to break into my house." "I found it amusing, listening to you go through every room expecting someone out to kill you." "I have a lot of people who want to kill me right now," Tauriel growled. Without a word, her guest spun the easy chair around to look the stunned Elf in the eye. "Which is the very reason I decided to drop by," said Colonel Spalko, her lips stretching into a maniacal grin. She rested one hand on her lap as the other stroked her furry namesake. Tauriel glared at the cat. "Spalko, you're not supposed to be on that chair," she reprimanded sharply, before turning to the real Colonel Spalko. "And you look ridiculous, stroking the cat like some crazy supervillain." With a resigned sigh, the Colonel rose to her feet, and Tauriel rolled her eyes. "Not you," she clarified for the sake of her 'houseguest.' "Although you must really need to cash in a favor if you're willing to get out of that chair just because I requested it." Spalko sat back down, drumming her fingers together. "I can't believe you named your cat after me," she balked after a moment of thought, letting out a humorless chuckle. "I can't believe that at nine months pregnant you managed to get from the kitchen window to the living room with a handful of my hard candy, and I didn't hear a thing." The Colonel smirked. "The hard candy wasn't just for me," she said, her eyes delivering a rather bored appearance. "It was to appease your insane cat so it didn't claw my eyes out when I showed up today. I've been feeding it for a week." "You've been here for a whole week, feeding my cat Jolly Ranchers, and you couldn't just pay me a friendly visit at NCIS headquarters or something, instead of breaking an entry? You're unbelievable." "I know," said Spalko, looking up at the redheaded Elf nonchalantly. "Now obviously I have a reason for being here." "You got sick of staying in Lothlorien and trying to take it easy?" "Well yes," Spalko admitted thoughtfully, "but that is only half of it." "Then what's the other half, pray tell? Because the longer I sit there, the greater the chance is that I'll be driving you to the emergency room because fic-jumping through the Fourth Wall (or whatever's left of it) induces labor." "Oh, relax," she drawled. "Galadriel read my future before she sent me here; I have another week to go, minimum." "Galadriel sent you?" asked Tauriel pointedly, her eyes wide with surprise. "Of course. Did you think I would willingly degrade myself to diplomatically appeasing your house pet so I could get in here unnoticed?" "There's nothing diplomatic about bribing someone's cat." "Well, I knew you had chips and nacho cheese, and that's a delicacy only modern AUs can get. I figured as long as I was in this universe I would indulge until I found you." "I knew you had ulterior motives breaking into my house! And to think all this time I had been blaming Eowyn's somnambulism for the missing nachos." With no sarcastic quip to respond with, Spalko pinched the bridge of her nose, her face hardening with stress. "We need to stop this petty bickering. I do have a serious reason for being here." "Well what is it?" "I need an assassin." "I thought you were an assassin, especially when I saw someone in the window of my house, rooting through every piece of nothing I keep in my kitchen." Spalko let out a breath, knitting her fingers together. "I am an assassin. Technically, I suppose I'm a military commander, but I have been killing off Sues quiet efficiently for the past few years. But… well I can't exactly be a proper assassin right now, can I?" she finished, gesturing to her belly. "And you want me to be your hired gun? Why don't you just take one of Gibbs's sniper rifles? Not this Gibbs, obviously, but the one in your universe. This Gibbs would probably kill me, fire me, then kill me again if I gave an ex-KGB commander a gun like that. But I'm sure our author's AU verse's Gibbs has one stored away somewhere." "I refuse to be a sniper," said Spalko harshly. "There's a certain moral detachment required to take somebody out at close range that I pride myself on. Sniping removes that need for psychological strength. They don't have to look their victims in the eyes when they pull the trigger." Tauriel scrunched up her face at the imagery. "I know your hormones are all out of wack, and I don't doubt you'll be a great mother and all that, but you might want to dial back the sadistic talk just a bit." "I'm referring to Mary Sues," Spalko hissed under her breath. "Don't tell me you don't like to see them turn to dust when they die. But that's the other problem. We can't shoot the more powerful ones. We have to send them back to their authors, and that requires close range battle and a great deal of writing. I don't write, Tauriel." "Neither do I. Eowyn does, in a manner of speaking, but I doubt that would end well, as I'm sure you know already. I myself am not sure how much more fluff I can handle from her." She wrinkled her nose. "I just can't picture you and Haldir getting all mushy and savoring every moment of precious life and talking to your stomach and all that crap." "Did she write that?" Spalko sounded somewhat insulted. "The fluff was mostly on Haldir's part, if that's any consolation." "If he had his way, I'm sure he'd have his hands on my stomach at every given opportunity, but I threatened to shoot him if he did that in public. Not that either of use believe I would actually do it, but he knows I would be furious. It makes me feel like I'll become the stereotypical fanfic-sitcom mother. You know the type, where an entire fan fiction revolves around an unplanned pregnancy and developing love story and no other plot line is involved?" Tauriel made a face. "I hate those fics. At least Eowyn has the taste to throw in some high stakes action and battle scenes to spice things up a little bit." She shook her head doubtfully. "But I still don't think she wants to be a riffer slash hit man at the moment. We're perfectly happy working at NCIS right now. Although…" another possibility had come to her mind. "I might have another candidate for you." Spalko's eyebrows shot up. "Come," said Tauriel. "We're going to pay an after hours visit to the bullpen." She spun on her heel, marching to the door, then looked back to find that Spalko had not followed her. "One more question, that I never thought I would have to ask," the Colonel stated, her chin proud and somewhat defensive as she spoke. "Does paying a visit to the bullpen require me getting of this chair?" They arrived at the bullpen twenty minutes later, Tauriel marching in and demanding to speak with Special Agent Riddermark, as Eowyn had dubbed herself. She found her wife in the forensics lab with none other than Abby Sciuto, going through chemical tests. The shieldmaiden turned federal agent looked up in shock when she saw Spalko. "What are you doing here?" she demanded with a hand on her hip. "I thought you were in Lothlorien." "I was. But Galadriel sent me on an assignment." "Excuse me?" Abby piped up before Eowyn could ask any more questions. "Hi, Tauriel." She grinned at the Elf; then her eyes turned to Spalko. "Who are you?" She extended her hand stiffly. "Colonel Doctor Irina Spalko. I used to work for Gibbs." Abby cocked her head, shaking the Colonel's hand. Spalko had managed to shove her accent down her throat for the exchange, trying to appear as if she had come from the modern age and was not an ex-Russian spy. "I don't remember you from anywhere." "It was a long time ago, in the Marines. I was a commanding officer." "Well a friend of Gibbs is a friend of mine," Abby said cheerfully, her black braids bouncing on her shoulders as she returned her attention to the chemicals she and Eowyn had been messing with. "What can I do