Warning: X-Rated I am a a first time writer. I love the Harry Potter universe and fell in love with Harry and Ginny's story. In my imagination this is part one of how it plays out. *Disclaimer - I do not own Harry Potter or any of it's characters etc.* Chapter 1 - A Christmas First It was almost a full year after the Battle of Hogwarts. It had to have been one of the most bittersweet years in Harry's memory. The victory over Voldermort had caused much rejoicing and celebration in the wizarding world, but it was overshadowed by so much death and sorrow, it was sometimes hard to see the light shine through. Burying and mourning the fallen fifty was tragic, and brought the pain of losing so many to the front of everyone's mind all over. There were, of course, a few that stood out in Harry's mind like a subtle edged knife, always ready to pierce him with a fresh wave pain. Lupin and Tonks, gone forever, leaving their newborn son in this newly freed world. Fred. Seeing the Weasley's gathered together for his funeral was heartbreaking. He wanted to comfort Ginny, but he could hardly keep himself together, let alone be strong enough for two. He hardly saw Ginny the entire summer after the battle. Harry had been so relieved she had made it out alive, he felt selfish for wanting to see her so bad, for needing her the way he did. However, there was a lot of cleaning still to do, and many things needed looking after, so everyone remained busy and distant. Fall soon rolled around, and it seemed before Harry could blink Ginny was heading back to Hogwarts for her sixth year. After a hasty and somewhat awkward goodbye, she was leaning out a compartment window waving to them as the scarlet engine turned a bend in the track and she was lost from sight. There were so many things he wanted to say to her, and it seemed like the opportunity had passed him by. Harry was dismayed. It almost surprised him how much he instantly missed her. Even though they had not seen much of each other, mostly a quick "hey" or "how are you" between everything that was going on, knowing that she was leaving for Hogwarts and he didn't know when he would see her again struck him hard. Harry and Ron were soon distracted with Auror training, as they both opted to skip their seventh year and were offered positions at the Ministry. Ron was a comfort to Harry, having his best friend beside him who was experiencing the same thing having just seen Hermione leave for Hogwarts was a source of strength. However, Harry could never get Ginny out of his head for long. Ron would sometimes catch him daydreaming He would be thinking about his times with Ginny during his final year at school. He would think of the first time he kissed her, right in the middle of the common room, and how it had felt so right. He remembered walking around the lake with her small hand caught in his. Little did Harry know that Ginny was equally as distressed. Even Quidditch could not totally erase her unease, even though she had been named captain and they were performing better than ever, despite losing their best seeker. She found it comforting to have Hermione with her, as Harry did having Ron. Hermione quickly became Ginny's best friend, and Ginny finally learned all the details of the trio's adventures. She was horrified to learn how narrowly they had all escaped so many dangers. It made her lungs constrict with fear, even knowing they were all safe. As the semester went on Ginny found herself more and more anxious for Christmas break. She knew it would be a sad time, it would be their first Christmas without Fred. However, a letter from her mother had told her that Harry and Ron would both be coming home from training for a week during the Christmas break and of course Hermione was welcome to join them for the duration. This news lifted Ginny's spirits greatly, she found herself excited to see both boys, and both her and Hermione counted down the days until their break began. She was grateful that the rest of the semester flew by in a haze of Quidditch matches, exams, and Hogsmead visits. Before she knew it her and Hermione were leaving the quiet, snow covered grounds along with a few other older students who were heading home for the holidays. They stepped beyond the Hogwarts boundary and with a smile at each other, Hermione took Ginny's hand and they aparated to the Burrow. Ginny couldn't remember a time when she was happier to see the leaning, shabby place she called home. There was smoke rolling out the chimney in lazy curls and she could hear the chickens clucking quietly around the side of the house. She felt a huge grin split her face. She was home. The anxiety that had knotted in her chest loosened slightly, and she nearly skipped to the front door, towing Hermione behind her. There weren't many people at the Burrow yet, but there was still a welcome committee waiting for them when they walked in. Mrs. Weasley greeted them with a tight hug, tears in her eyes. No one was quite emotionally recovered from the Battle of Hogwarts, and it would be a long time before any of them felt totally safe being away from one another. Next came Arthur, who folded Ginny in a looser hug, but with no less emotion behind it before turning to Hermione and welcoming her too. Bill and Fleur had already arrived and were staying for a few weeks, helping Mrs. Weasley manage the large amount of people who would be staying over the holidays, and they both welcomed the girls warmly. "You'll both be sharing a room again I'm afraid," said Molly to them both. "There will be quite a few people arriving over the holidays, and the place will be full up!" "That's okay mum," replied Ginny, "suits us just fine." "Yes Mrs. Weasley, we wouldn't have it any other way," Hermione smiled. They both grabbed their bags and hauled them up the crooked stairs to Ginny's old room. Hermione letting Crookshanks out of his travelling basket along the way. After looking around the small bright room Ginny tossed her bag onto the bed and walked to the window to look down on the snow blanketed garden. A slow blush crept up her face as she thought back to one of the last times she and Harry had been in this room. That had been the last time they had kissed, and it had felt different to her. More urgent, more desperate. She started slightly as Hermione spoke behind her in a soft voice. "It's nice to be back, isn't it? "Yeah," replied Ginny, praying Hermione didn't notice her red face, "I can't wait for everyone to be home, I miss them all so much, and it'll be nice to have a full house again." Hermione hummed her agreement. They both stared out the window lost in their own thoughts, both about the boys they were anxiously waiting to see again. As they reminisced a figure appeared outside the window. They both let out happy exclamations as they recognized Charlie aparate beyond the garden and start coming down the walk. They quickly headed downstairs to greet him. "Charlie!" Mrs. Weasley greeted him with another big hug. "We didn't expect you for another few days!" "The dragons are all pretty tame this time of year, winter calms them down so they don't need as many handlers. With the heavy snow and cold weather in the last few weeks they let a couple of us go early." Hermione and Ginny greeted him eagerly and everyone present sat in the living room to catch up on everything that had been going on in the past months. "We're just waiting on Hagrid to get here, he'll be bringing Teddy along to stay here for a few days," said Mrs. Weasley with a smile, "it will be nice to have a baby around the house again. Then we can start supper!" Sitting by the fire exchanging stories, the time flew by. At some point Mrs. Weasley had gotten up briefly to charm supper to making itself. Before long they heard a knock on the door, which could only signal Hagrid had arrived. He stooped through the door, a bundle in the crook of his arm. The family looking down in delight at the little boy with hair currently half turquoise half pink waving his little fists around. "In't 'e beau'iful?" said Hagrid gruffly. They all agreed and took turns passing little Teddy around and playing with him, which delighted the little boy. Soon Molly called from the kitchen that dinner was ready. They all sat (Hagrid sitting on a mat on the floor at one end of the table to accommodate his size) and had a wonderful meal together. Ginny looked around fondly at her family, with Hermione and Hagrid, she could hardly believe that it was only going to get better. A few more days passed this way, usually with a new family member or guest at the table with them. Sometimes members of the old Order would drop in. Always with Teddy toddling around and capturing everyone's heart. George appeared three days after Ginny and Hermione had arrived. His arrival caused Mrs. Weasley a great deal of both sadness and joy in equal measure, and although everyone was delighted when he arrived, it was also the saddest time in the Burrow, Fred's presence hung heavily over everyone, and they were reminded again of the huge cost of the peace and happiness they were given. George started cracking jokes and telling everyone that Fred wouldn't want everyone to be sad on his account, he would want them happy and laughing. Oddly enough, it was Percy's arrival a day later that got everyone back into the festive spirit as he maintained that they must enjoy themselves as best they possibly could. Hermione and Ginny were loving their time at the Burrow, but they were still looking forward to the boys finally arriving. To distract herself for the last few days before their arrival, Ginny was determined to decorate the whole house for Christmas, which was less than a week away. She hung garlands of fir and holly berries up all the stair bannisters and across the fireplace mantle with Crookshanks occasionally swatting at the trailing ends as Ginny danced around the house. She hung mistletoe in the doorways and made sure she gave George a loud kiss on the cheek every time he walked under one. Hagrid helped her pick out the best tree in the surrounding woods. He cut it down and brought it into the Burrow for her. With the help of Charlie and Percy she orchestrated the decorations to be charmed onto the tree, including more spectacular garland, everlasting no-heat candles and non-melt icicles. They topped it off with the now-traditional gold painted garden gnome (when Mrs. Weasley had left the room). All in all, it was one of the most beautiful trees the little home had ever seen. As a special project, Ginny proceeded outdoors, and with Mr. Weasley's help, they secretly got a load of Christmas lights from a neighboring muggle village (Arthur had a field day looking around all the shops and attempting to use muggle money). They tried their best to hook up their lights to an old car battery that Arthur had stashed in one of his sheds, and with much frustration, decoding of muggle electricity manuals, and a little help from Hermione, they finally figured it out. Ginny set to stringing the whole Burrow all the way to the chimney top with lights. "What