Stephanie Meyer is the lucky bitch that owns Twilight! I just like to make them horny! I hope you will like this new story and if you do or don't please review! YEAH I NEED THE REVIEWS PEOPLE! Chapter 1 – The Loss Daddy, please don't go! Isabella you know I have to go sweetheart! Please daddy, please don't leave again. Take me with you! Honey listen we spoke about this before, this is my work I need to do this. I will call you and I promise to right okay? I Love you baby-girl! I…love…you…too…daddy! But daddy why do you always have to leave, why can't we just have a little bit more time together? Who is going to come to my Christmas show? I don't want to be alone again! Sweetheart, please don't cry! I'll be there angel I promise I will my dad said before locking me in a strong embrace. I woke up the tears streaming down my face. It has been 5 years since my father passed away, Major General Charles Swan of the US Marine Corps. He was respected by all and generally known as the best dad ever. He was killed in battle his battalion entered into Iraq on a drill and an unknown suicide bomber caught him off guard. We were based at Fort Nelson in Washington. My mother Rene was a free spirit and felt like the life of a militant was weighting her down. While my father was off saving the country my mother was servicing the fellow soldiers down at the local pub. Feeling like maybe she was also doing her bit for the United States of America. My father knew his good name was being disgraced as he played the role of Captain America, but he chose to be the faithful husband and always turned a blind eye to Rene's antics. Rene was unhappy and wasn't a mothers ass. I cooked and cleaned and dragged her drunken sorry ass from pub to pub. I really loved my dad and he seemed to be loved by all except the mother of his child. He came home on brief visits but he always made sure the visits were memorable. He would take me camping and swimming and shopping. I grew up learning to respect the militant lifestyle and rules. I mean my dad even took me shopping for my first bra and worst tampons! " Hey Bells" I heard my father say as I walked into his study crying my eyes out. " What's wrong?" he asked concern laced in his voice. " I need to go to the store and mom doesn't want to wake up!" " Oh I can take you angel" my dad said as he hugged me close to him. Wordlessly he led me out of the house and into his big jeep. He buckled me in and we drove off to the shop. " So what is so important at the shop?" my dad asked me smiling. " Just stuff" I moan looking out the window. He smiles to himself but doesn't continue the conversation. As we get out of the car I turn to my dad "you can wait here dad I won't be long" I say hoping he will just listen. " Nonsense I want to spend every second with my angel" he said taking my arm and leading me into the store. He grabs a basket which I know we won't need as we head on over to the first isle. " So?" my dad questions me raising his eyebrows. I just blush and stomp off to the right isle. I stop in front of the tampons hoping I could just grab a box and rush to the counter before my dad gets there but he reaches me just about the same time as I reach the tampons. " OH" he says and blushes just like me. So there we are just standing gawking at the vast array of tampons. I mean why can't they just have a box that says for first timers? " Major?" I heard a female voice ask right behind us and I froze. Why don't they just have my dad's whole platoon march into the shop and watch me buy tampons! " Staff Sergeant Denali" my dad said very formally and still blushing. " Is this the beautiful Isabella, you are always talking about?" she asks and I smile but hide my face from her view. " Yes it is" my dad says filled with pride and forgetting we are standing in an isle packed with tampons. " Please to meet you Isabella" she says holding out her hand to me. " Hi" I say softly taking her hand. She is wearing the normal brown uniform and has her hair tucked under a hat. I am slowly dying of mortification. " Well then bye" she says and starts eyeing the shampoo on the shelves behind us. " Well?" my dad asks me nodding his head towards the tampons. " I…don't…know" I stutter as the tears roll down my cheek "That is why I tried waking mom up" I finish as my dad wraps his arms around me. " Don't worry angel we will figure this out, you and me just like always" he says as he drops his arms from around me and starts chucking one of each type of tampon in the basket. I heard a snicker behind me as I stared at my dad in awe? I mean shit I don't think I need a year supply on my first flow? " May I be of some assistance?" The staff sergeant asks eyeing us both and I blow out the breath I wasn't even aware that I was holding. " Please" my dad breaths as he puts the basket down and puts his hand on his hips to look at me. " Okay" she says looking at my dad "You might need to give us a minute?" she asks trying to still respect his rank. " Sure, is that okay with you Bells?" he says looking at me and I nod. " Irina" she says smiling at me and I smile back relieved at how warm and loving her whole attitude is towards me. " So Isabella" she starts but I stop her by saying "Bella, just Bella" and she nods her head before continuing "I suppose this would be your first period?" and I nod my head. " And you do understand the whole reason behind why you are getting your period and for how long.?" " Yeah, we have a health class and it was all explained, well the biological side not the practical side" I say gesturing towards the tampons. She spent half an hour in the store with me outline the different tampons and the pro's and cons of them before she let me make an educated decision regarding which I wanted. I never knew tampons could be so confusing I mean why? But thanks to Irina I was now more enlightened and ready to purchase. So also gave me her contact detail in case I had any other questions about anything ever which was very nice considering my own mother could not be present for the occasion. I left the store and found my father looking extremely relived that he was able to get out of that particular conversation, " Ice Cream?" he asked as we both headed to the ice-cream parlor. My dad is awesome! I didn't like the military life but I loved my father dearly. I was assured a letter at least once a week while he was away always telling me how much he loved and missed me. I tried to keep good grades and make my dad proud. My mother didn't even know where to find the school I was attending! Rene had started getting more and more impossible to be around and I was embarrassed to leave our home. Living on an army base with a mother like mine wasn't an easy fete. Especially if you consider the high rank my father has obtained, people expected more from her but she never once showed any signs of wanting to stop the life she was living. I begged my dad not to leave knowing it was killing him, when his orders came in he was always packed and ready go my crying only hurt him so much more. I wanted to be his first priority and be the one he responded to. I wanted him to calm my fears and promise to return. The promise never came. When I got news of my fathers passing I had to run from pub to pub to try and find my mother and give her the news. Two uniformed officers arrived at our door and having witness this same scene endless amount of times around the base I just had to see the hurt on their faces to get the message loud and clear. When I found my mother with the news she just smirked and then passed out. I had no one to console me or hold me and promise that my rainy gray cloud might have a silver lining ahead. Irena came past the house and made sure there was food and spent some time there trying to support us, but with my mother passed out I didn't want to disgrace my fathers good name any further and told her I am fine so she could leave. I wanted my mother to be there for me, I needed to feel love and comfort but her world and life was all that mattered we were all tiny insignificant bumps on her road to getting laid. I woke up the next day and Rene was gone. Not even a note for the daughter who looked after her and took care of her for years and had just lost her father. Nothing. My father had passed away and my mother had abandoned me. I was a 17-year-old girl with no family and no future. The military arranged for my fathers will to be read the afternoon of his funeral. I will never forget the words the soldier said to me as they folded the flag over the casket containing my father before handing it to me " On behalf of the President of the United States, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, and a grateful nation, please accept this flag as a symbol of our appreciation for your loved one's service to Country and Corps." I sat in the front row with one other woman whom I just met and no family. There were a lot of marines in attendance, these were the people he served with and they had a part of my dad that I never did. It appears Charlie had made sure I could live financially secure for the rest of my life with no worries. And I was left in the custody of his only remaining Relative Esme Swan. Who was also present for the funeral and the reading of the will? I had never met Esme but I had heard many stories of her from my dad. He loved and worshipped her, but being in the military barely left enough time for me, so he was unable to ever visit his sister, opting for family outings with me, and just a letter in the post to Esme. I was packed up and shipped out of Fort Nelson to Miami Beach Florida, where I was going to move in with Esme and her two daughters Rosalie and Alice Swan. I had no say in the matter and it was a forgone conclusion that I was to leave my whole life behind and start a new one without the only two people I have ever loved. I hardly had any time to grieve for my dad before I was getting ready to complete my senior year