A/N Hello! This is a fic I have been working on for a while. It is a crack pairing with Clove/Peeta so be warned but give it a chance! Happy readings! Clove wakes up excited. On a morning where other children tremble with fear and try to recover from lack of sleep, she wakes up rested, warm, and happy. She stretches her legs, arching her back, and enjoys the feeling of his hairy legs rubbing against her smooth ones. The bed that creaks underneath her is thin and uncomfortable. It doesn't help that its small and she shares it with him. Her back cracks as she finishes stretching. He moans and shifts away from her movements but doesn't wake. His blonde hair catches the sunlight in ways she wishes she didn't notice, looking almost golden. She's surprised at herself when she leans in to wake him with a kiss instead of the usual kick to the shins and "get the fuck out." Well, today is a special occasion. She smiles into his lips. It hurts her ass when she hits the wooden floor and the breath is knocked out of her for a second of surprise. It shouldn't have surprised her, though. His aggressive shove pushed her off the bed but she managed to bring the thin, scratchy sheet she was tangled in with her. He wakes up as the cool morning air touches his bare skin and he rubs open his bright blue eyes. She tries to glare to show anger at the push but can only smile as Peeta sleepily sits up. Kisses were never their thing, and this morning definitely isn't his. But this is their game. Violence, love, hate, and sex on a constant repeat and she loves every moment of it. He rolls his eyes at her weak attempt at a glare. He hates every moment of this. She loves that, too. She reaches up onto the bed and cruelly pulls a chunk of his blonde leg hair. He smacks her hand away, as he lets out a yelp. It's almost playful but still hard enough to make her skin turn red where his hand hit. She laughs and no one could call it a giggle. Only weak little girl's giggle and I am not one of them. Their trainers will be around any minute for wakeup call and they normally rushes him out of her tiny single bedroom to avoid the possible punishment but it doesn't matter today. Today, she is eighteen and will receive the honor of being next female District 2 tribute. No one would deny her this little tryst . Because you might die . A little voice whispers and she looks at him instead of listening. Peeta Mellark is only sixteen. Two years younger than her and far less trained, though still much bigger than her. He probably won't ever be chosen to go into the arena. He would never win the actual Games since he can't even win the District 2 competition to get him there. Everyone has to "audition" every year, brutally fight in hand to hand combat with the other female or male potential tributes, and this year Clove won and Peeta lost in the first round to a seventeen year old smaller than he was. Though she knows he didn't even try. Someone like him really shouldn't be in the training center. Someone nice, someone with a family that's still alive and even comes to check on him. But it was either this or becoming a peacekeeper and he had hated the idea of both. At least this way, he might only have the possibility of a terrible life. Joining the ranks of peacekeepers guaranteed it. He would be just as mismatched there, too. All the peacekeepers she's ever met have been just as bad or worse than her trainers. He was a rare case for the center. Merchants tend to limit themselves for children and he was screwed over by being the youngest son of the baker. There was only one bakery and three different kids who would have three different families. The bakery couldn't support three families. It could barely support three kids. The training center had been the only choice left to him. Most younger siblings, orphans, and unwanted children end up here. Some parents make extra kids, just for the hopes that one of them may gain riches in the arena. That's probably what Peeta was, though his father always denied it, his mother believed in the glory of the Games. Clove was an extra. She planned on winning the Games and not sharing a dime with her family who had never visited except on the days of competition. Auditions started when you were twelve. Girls and boys would separate and everyone's names would be pulled for their matches. Clove's first year she had gotten a thirteen year old and smiled at her parents in the bleachers with her bloody nose and missing tooth when she won the match. They never smiled back. The next was a seventeen year old girl who beat her unconscious. When she woke her parents were gone. It went like that every year until Clove never looked at the audience. They were just people who called themselves her parents and she was just an investment. This year when she won, the tall man who called himself her father and the short, thin woman, "her mother," came to congratulate her. She broke his wrist when he patted her on the back and managed to break three of his ribs and her nose before someone pulled her off them. They still seemed proud. Because they created a monster and monsters win the Games. Either way, they won't get a dime from me when I win . She was winning for herself. The glory of District 2, and her parents and her trainers didn't mean shit to her. She wanted the money and the house and Peeta and freedom and blood . She shivers with excitement. He leans down and scoops her easily back into bed. Despite being not typical of District 2, he still had the strength that came from years of training. "You hurt my ass," Clove wiggles in his grip and he laughs and flips her over to blow a strawberry on her no longer pained rear. The feeling tickles and it's almost a giggle that escapes her lips. She flips over and wraps her legs around him, pinning him down. She is very strong and trained, but still much smaller than him. He lets her stay in control; she likes being in control. Peeta was different than everyone she ever met. He was always far nicer than anyone else in the training center, maybe even in District 2. If she had ever really been allowed out, maybe she would know. He is never cruel, only violent, and everyone here is violent. It's how they live and survive. District 2 is for the strong and brutal and Victors. But he would never hurt her, not really. She is everything that District 2 should be and he is none of it, even his name doesn't fit. That's why she noticed him in the first place. In a place of weapons and fighting, you notice the little boy picking dandelions and helping you up. Everyone calls him soft but she knows he is not. He is just different. They get caught up in their play wrestle until it becomes something else. They repeat their activities from the night before, and the night before that, and the night before that. After, she kicks him out to get ready this time with a solid kick to the butt for payback. He laughs his way out the door, while slipping on his pants, and quickly closes it before she can get in another kick. She walks around her small room to get ready. It's a single room, another thing she managed to earn by winning fights. Peeta still lived in a shared room with three other boys, the same size but with bunked beds. She hated sharing a room and fought every year for a single room until she won one at 15, one of the youngest to do so. Her blanket piled on the floor was the only color, a dark green splash pooled against the wooden floor. The walls are grey and bare, with chips in the paint and cracks in the wall. Other than her bed the only furniture was a nightstand with a well melted candle and a small three drawer dresser with a dirty mirror hanging above it. She walked to the dresser and pulled open the first drawer, a drawer for undergarments, socks, and pajamas. Everything was perfectly folded and all the same dull grey, blacks, or white. Some of the greys might have initially been black or white, but faded over time. The underwear might be the only thing that isn't a hand down in the drawer. At least, I hope so . She slips into a pair, anyways. The second drawer contains day clothes. Most of them are flexible training clothes but there is also a set for "dress wear," jeans and fairly nice button down shirt that almost fits her properly, for when a Victor or Capital crony or cameras visit. The last drawer is left for personal belongings. Clove's remains completely empty. She opens the second drawer before remembering that she won't be wearing the usual clothes today. She turns back toward the door to see a dress hanging there by a hook. It's completely white and clean cut and innocent looking. Not really her style, but they chose what would fit and her smaller stature is rare in the Training Center. The dress has probably been worn by many girls who are now dead. She rubs the cotton between her fingers before excitedly pulling it off the hanger. She pulls it quickly over her head and pauses when she thinks she hears a tear. She frantically looks around but finds nothing amiss and finishes shifting it to her body. The shoulder sleeves allow her tan and muscled arms to show nicely and the hem above her knees does the same for her legs. The dress is lower cut than she is used to and she rearranges it a few times around her small breast before settling. She looks strong, if not beautiful. This will be the first time the Capital sees her and she wants to look good. Sponsors are important even to the deadliest tributes. Clove finishes at the mirror, taking all of her long black hair and putting every strand in place into a tight high ponytail, and pinching her cheeks and licking her lips like she saw some other girl's doing. She slips on the matching white flip flops they gave her then leaves her room for the last time. The sound of the door shutting makes her smile. She stops by the bathroom to brush her teeth and revels in the fact that all the girls quiet as she walks into the room. She runs up the stairs quickly and knocks on his door. The boys behind it laugh boisterously and insult someone's mother before answering. One of Peeta's roommates that she never bothered to learn the name of opens the door and leans his almost naked body against the frame. He wiggles his eyebrows and she immediately crosses her arms and glares. That seems to remind him who he is messing with and he backs up and waves behind Clove. Peeta walks towards her in a towel from the bathroom. "Give me a minute," he smiles at her and then proceeds to shove his half naked roommate backwards into their room while the kid shouts. Peeta slams the door shut behind him with a kick. Clove laughs and leans against the wall to wait, listening to the boys yell at each other while they dress. The