Title: Feelings Long Hidden Summary: 10 years after the defeat of Sauron, the Fellowship come together to celebrate. But not is all happy, there are still feelings stirring and they only get stronger with time. Disclaimer: I do not own LotR. Only copies of the DVDs are mine. A/N: This is written for DerekandReidSlashFan on request. I haven't written one before…so I hope it's what you wanted. Legolas is a little OOC but its fiction. Pairing: Aragorn/Frodo (Aragrodo), Legolas/Arwen (Legowen), Merry/Sam (Serry) Frodo rolled over once more and groaned as he once more found the other side of the bed empty and cold and it looked unslept in. When was that husband of his coming to bed? Was it to be tonight at all or would Frodo once more find him snoring at his desk in the study again? The Hobbit frowned heavily, he could hear gigging and a child's voice speaking. He could just make out what was being said in the stillness of night. "Daddy! Put me down!" The voice now recognisable to Frodo was that of his 5-year-old, Elanor. He got out of bed and slowly opened the door to the hall, where he had heard the voice, he felt a smile tug at his lips and a chuckle bubble to his throat as he watched his husband, balance his second child on his shoulders and 'fly' down to the children's room. The girls all shared a room and Eldarion, the oldest and the only boy, had his own room. He claimed he needed it because he was the Prince and he was the Heir so he needed it. Frodo moved from the doorway when Aragorn disappeared into the room, to more giggles. Frodo rolled his eyes. He was going to wake the others and they would not be able to go back to sleep. He stood at the door and watched as Aragorn and Elanor, just as the Hobbit had predicted – woke the rest of the girls. "Papa! Papa!" Little Nimrodel said from her bed stretching out her arms to be picked up. Frodo wouldn't be taller than his five-year-olds, Elwing and Finduilas for long, being only about 4'7" taller himself, they had more human than Hobbit in their blood, so they are going to be taller than their father. Melian and Nimrodel had more Hobbit than human – they'd still be taller but not much, by the time they reached maturity they might be 4'9"or 4'10" but not much taller than that. Frodo scooped up his 4-year-old and settled her on his hip. "You had not to wake them all up. What am I ever going to do with you, Aragorn?" Frodo said and his husband turned from Elanor to smile at him. "I am sorry, My love. Elanor had a nightmare and I was simply helping her have happier dreams." Aragorn said leaning down to place a kiss on Frodo's nose. The hobbit was a sucker for his husband's shows of affection so he let it go…this time. Though he knew it would always be to the same. "My lord?" Frodo looked up at the small human boy that stood in front of him, the boys was barely 10-years-old but he was small and slight for his age. The Hobbit waited for him to continue. "The last of the invitations has been sent to Erebor." He said, his voice shook slightly. "Thank-you, Calhoun." Frodo said dismissing the child. He rushed from the room and left Frodo to his thoughts. He knew that Gimli would not hesitate to make the journey from his native Erebor to Gondor. Legolas would also make the trip. He was sure that Merry, Sam and Pippin would, he was just a little disappointed that Gandalf had sailed to the Valinor and that Boromir had passed during the quest. But his brother Faramir had agreed to take his place if needed. After all he had helped Frodo, Sam and reluctantly Gollum, on their journey. "My love?" As Frodo raised his eyes once more he was met with Aragorn's smile. "The last invitation has been sent to Erebor. I am hoping we will get the replies very soon." Frodo informed him getting to his feet and stretching out the kinks in his back. Frodo was older than most Hobbits lived to be, but the Valor had granted him the rest of his life with Aragorn. He would age like Aragorn did, slowly and he'd get to see his son, Eldarion take the throne. Eldarion wasn't actually Frodo's son, not biologically anyway, during the quest, although Aragorn had fallen for the brave and strong Hobbit, he had still had a brief relationship with Arwen, and when the quest finished and Aragorn turned to Frodo – Arwen had told Aragorn she was carrying his child. The child being the son of an elf, or a member of the Eldar race, Aragorn and Arwen named him Eldarion and he became Aragorn's Heir and Frodo adopted son. Arwen had since moved on and she surprised everyone – none more so than Aragorn himself – that she and Legolas moved past every difference they had faced as children and married not long after Aragorn and Frodo did. The Gondor lovers had attended several weddings of the Fellowship. Though not encouraged – but accepted none the less – Merry and Sam got married not too long after that and then Aragorn and Frodo not four months later were called to Erebor to witness Gimli marry the last surviving Dwarf to remember Bilbo's quest to help reclaim Erebor from Smaug the Golden and help Gimli's father – Gloin – and 'The Company'. So Princess Karla was married to Gimli. The first reply came from Erebor, as it was closer than the other places. King Aragorn Elessar and his consort the Lord Frodo Baggins, The honoured Gimli and his wife the fair Lady Karla, accept graciously your invitation to attend a dinner in the White City of Minas Tirith, to celebrate a decade since the fall of Sauron. They agree to arrive three days before the date given. Regards, Twalin, son of Dwalin Frodo was glad that Gimli and his wife had accepted, now he just had to wait on the others. King Elessar and his Consort, Lord Frodo, His Royal Highness Prince Legolas and his wife the fair Princess Arwen gladly accept your invitation to attend…Sam and Merry Gamgee accept your invitation…Peregrin Took gladly accepts your invitation. "Aragorn! My love everyone is coming!" "Everyone?" "Everyone. Gimli, Legolas, Sam and Merry, Pippin!" Frodo was so happy that all his friends were attending this dinner, it had been several years since he'd seen them and he knew that Gimli, Legolas and Sam would more than likely also be accompanied by their children. He knew that Sam had two and one on the way, Legolas he believed had four and Gimli he thought had about 6 or 7 he wasn't sure. It would be really good to see all their friends again after so long and it would be good for Melian to meet all of her 'cousins'. The 7 or so that Gimli had, Legolas's children and then Merry and Sam's. it would be lovely to see how they were growing. "Lorethan, I need you to stay here. You are the oldest, you are my heir. You need to stay here and look after the Kingdom." Legolas said calmly, after calling his eldest son to his chambers. "But Ada, what about mother? Why can she not stay?" Lorethan stated a little impatiently. "She is accompanying me and so are your brothers. Your sister is staying also." Legolas said. "Elliven? Ada why? Elliven should go to this party. She deserves time away from the Kingdom." Lorethan hated babysitting his little sister. "No. She is too much of a handful for your mother and I; so she will stay here with you. Your mother, brothers and I will go to Gondor. End of discussion." Legolas said, since his father had sailed to the Undying lands, Legolas had inherited Mirkwood and by extension so had his son, Lorethan. After a lifetime of differences that seemed to never work themselves out, Arwen had asked to work them out now they were both adults and surprisingly both had changed so much that they worked. And now they were happily married. Despite the fact that, after 97 years or more, Legolas still harboured strong feelings for Aragorn. They had grown fiercer and ever stronger during the War of the Ring and after when Aragorn was crowned it was the fiercest it had ever been. Legolas knew he had lost when Aragorn announced that he would take Frodo as his consort. It hurt but when Arwen said she was carrying Aragorn's child, Legolas thought maybe that was his chance. That Frodo would refuse because of the complications of having an Elvish son when he is a Hobbit. But the Hobbit took it all in stride. Legolas needed Aragorn in his life, he didn't care if he had to leave Arwen in Mirkwood to look after the children (which Lorethan could do by himself anyway, he just refused to) he would live in Gondor and be Aragorn's consort. Frodo stood on his toes by the edge of the Citadel watching the eastern horizon in all directions. Gimli was due to arrive first, being the closest and then Legolas and then finally the Hobbits. So Frodo was beyond excited to see all his friends again. Aragorn was inside the throne room, ordering people to make sure that the rooms were ready for their occupants. Two rooms for the Elves, three for the Hobbits and 3 for the Dwarves. He was lucky that the citadel had so many rooms. Eldarion stood next to his Papa, Frodo was just slightly shorter than Eldarion who was growing very fast. He could just see over Frodo's head, and at 7 didn't quite understand why he was going to be taller than his papa. When he was older he'd understand. "I see something, Papa. On the Horizon to the East." Frodo focused where his son pointed and sure enough there was something dark against the rising sun. As it moved closer, Frodo could make out a number of ponies, not horses they were too small but they were ponies. At least 7. One pony had about three riders and was riding alongside another. Frodo knew it was Gimli and his family. He was glad he'd received all those letters from Gimli about his growing family. A lot of dwarf families didn't have a lot of children because of complications during the births, but Karla was one-of-a-kind and had no complications. The pregnancies were hard but the births were smooth. Even for the twins. Eldarion was to stand and wait for the Elves to appear on the horizon while Frodo went to meet and help get Gimli and his family settled. It would take some time. But it would be worth it for the festivities that were planned to celebrate ten years of peace in Middle-Earth. After all parties had arrived (with much shouting and crying from the Hobbits), they gathered in the parlour to sit and discuss what had happened since they last saw each other. Melian would not let go of 'Unca Lassë' and Thorin and Dis cried terribly if Karla and Gimli did not have hold of them. Though Timli joined them as well he was quite happy to sit on the floor and play with Nimrodel. Rosie sat with her parents, on Sam's lap but kept touching the bulging tummy of Merry. The other children had been put under the care of several nannies and already Karla had been called away three different times, when one of her brood had pulled a toy or something off another child. "Thorin and Dis are they not the names of your Uncle and Aunt, Karla?" Frodo asked, having thought he heard those names long