Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction using characters from the Harry Potter world, which is trademarked by J. K. Rowling. Though Liana Nevin is an original character of my own creation, Sirius Black is a character created and owned by J.K. Rowling, and I do not claim any ownership over him or the world of Harry Potter. The story I tell here about Sirius Black and Liana Nevin is my own invention, and it is not purported or believed to be part of J.K. Rowling's story canon. This story is for entertainment only and is not part of the official story line. Hogwarts Battle of The Sexes Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry 1976 Liana Nevin wandered through the empty hallways of Hogwarts during this particularly gray winter day, wondering how she could entertain herself throughout the holiday break. She was among the few who remained on school grounds during the holidays, as she didn't get along with her adopted family back home and didn't have any close friends at school who ever invited her to their places either. She was an outcast, through and through, and this sat well with her. She didn't care for idle chat just to fill the time and preferred the company of her books and muggle records over trivial gossip of students and faculty. As she wandered the hallways, she passed the Prefects' bathroom. She halted at the entrance and gazed at the massive doors. She had only ever heard of how lavish the Prefect's bathroom was in passing, imagining how lovely it must be to soak in a beautiful large pool of sparkling warm water, surrounded by bubbles and bath oils and all other sorts of luxurious things. She suddenly had a brilliant idea, and made her way to her room in the Slytherin house dungeons. The Prefects' bathroom was notoriously difficult to get into unless you knew the password, which was reserved to house prefects, Quiddich captains and house head boys and girls. Though Liana carried none of those titles, she did have a very strong skill set of eavesdropping while making it look like she was deeply engrossed in her studies, overhearing many interesting (as well as not-so-interesting) things. One of those more interesting things was the password to the sumptuous private bath, which she never had the courage to use while the school was so crowded. On holiday, the school was practically empty, save for the few other students who preferred to stay away from their families as much as possible. The perfect opportunity to test the authenticity of the prefects' password. She opened the door to her dormitory and pulled out her trunk from under her bed, kneeling beside it on the ground. She thumbed through her custom-made record collection, wanting to match the music perfectly to her first experience in the legendary bathroom. She selected a few records and put them in an enchanted book bag, along with the cumbersome record player, two or three of her favorite books, and a change of clean clothes. She closed up the small bag and slung it over her shoulder, walking quickly back to the fifth floor. She looked up at the tall doors again, closed her eyes, crossed her fingers and said in a confident voice " Spotless". The huge doors swung open and she was drenched in a gorgeous warm light that glowed from within the room. She looked up and down the halls once more for signs of possible witnesses before stepping inside and closing the doors behind her. The bathroom was so much more than she had imagined. Gleaming marble counter tops with gilded taps fixed above opal shell-shaped sinks lined one side of the room. The far wall directly in front had an elaborate shelf which held countless bath products, towels and bathrobes of each house color underneath several stained glass windows of mermaids brushing their hair and flapping their tails about. The other side of the room was lined with private stalls and toilets. Right in the center of the opulent room was the famed Prefect bathtub, which looked much more like a small swimming pool with hundreds of taps to fill it with various soaps, foams, oils and such. And she had it all to herself, or so she thought... What Liana didn't realize was that a fellow student had a similar idea that she did. This Gryffindor's name was Sirius Black, and he too was bored and looking for entertaining ways to pass the time during his time to himself through the holidays. Like Liana, he too overheard the password many months before. Though, unlike Liana, he had been frequenting the bathroom quite often since he had learned it, not really caring if anyone knew he had no business being there. He had just finished soaking and was in the private stall getting dressed when Liana walked through the front doors. Sirius shrank back at the sound of the door opening, but seeing it was just some dumb Slytherin girl through the gap in the stall, he regained his composure quickly. He peered at her through the gap more closely, trying to come up with a name, but failing. He had seen her before, but she tended to keep to herself to where he had never learned her name. She was a year below him and pretty enough, but still a Slytherin, and that was enough for him to think less of her. Still, he kept watching her in secret as she situated her things on the counter across the room. She pulled out the heavy record player and set it on the shiny marble surface. She then took out several records, carefully selecting one and setting it gently on the spindle. She placed the needle on the outer ridge of the record, and the room was suddenly filled with the sounds of Don't Fear The Reaper. Sirius was taken aback at the fact that this Slytherin girl enjoyed the same muggle music as much as he did. He watched her sway back and forth to the rhythm as she began unbuttoning her blouse, revealing the lacy black bra underneath. She slipped her skirt over her hips and kicked off her shoes to the beat, rocking her hips as she sang along to the song, using her wand as a faux microphone. Sirius felt a rush of warmth in his pants as she undid her bra and saw her perky tits bounce as she flung it across the room like a slingshot. Liana stepped up to the edge of the sunken bathtub and pulled her panties off before stepping into the soapy water. She placed her wand at the edge of the tub, and slid deeper into the warm water so that she was just above knee deep in the middle of the pond-like bath. She bent down and reached into the water, pulling it up to her breasts, letting it roll down from her throat and drip off her perky nipples. She knelt down into the water, grabbing her tits as she sank. Liana felt the warmth envelop her body and let out a long moan as she settled into the water. Sirius felt his cock swell slightly at the sound of her pleasure. She looked as if the weight of the world fell off her shoulders along with her restricting clothing, her face relaxed, framed by dark waves of her soft hair. He gazed at her smooth curves as she slipped her hand under the water and slid her finger between her wet lips. She ran her hand up and down her little pussy before settling her middle finger on her horny clit. A soft moan escaped her lips as she rubbed the throbbing flesh, slowly at first. She squeezed and twisted her nipple as she fucked her other hand below the surface, more and more feverishly. Her moans were growing louder and louder, causing Sirius to grab onto his now very hard cock, pumping in time with her rhythm as he watched her intensely. He closed his eyes and imagined what her cunt felt like under the water, how swollen her lips must be, and what she might taste like. He couldn't help letting out a soft groan. His eyes snapped open as soon as the sound escaped him, causing Liana's moaning to stop completely. Her eyes were now wide with fear as she looked around the seemingly empty bathroom. "Hello?" she called out in a small voice. "Is there someone there?" Her heart was racing with excitement and fear. She lifted her hand out of the water to brush the hair out of her face for a better look around. She started to make her way over to her wand when suddenly she saw movement out of the corner of her eye. There in front of her was a boy she knew as Sirius Black, pointing his wand at her from outside one of the stalls. "Don't move. I won't hurt you, but if you make for that wand, you won't like the outcome." Sirius told her in a strong voice. She shrank back into the water to cover her naked body, eyes wide and locked on his powerful gaze. She saw his eyes wander down passed the surface she was hiding under, feeling herself blush a deep red as his dark eyes sparkled deviously. "What's your name?" he demanded. His eyes were locked on hers again and had to look away shyly before answering. "I... My name's Liana... I didn't know anyone else was... Please, let me get dressed. You can have the bathroom all to yourself." she answered, still unable to look him straight in the eye. Sirius looked at her again with the faintest of smirks on his lips. He pointed the wand at her again. "Get up. Out of the water." he growled. "But, I'm... My clothes are over there..." she looked over at the random articles of clothing scattered along the floor. Sirius looked at her and smirked wider this time. "Oh, you won't be needing those. Stand up. Now." he said forcefully. Liana's face seemed to lose it's color as his words sank in, realizing how vulnerable she was, unarmed and naked. She slowly stood up from the tub, water and soap suds dripping down her silky skin. She wrapped her arms around herself in an attempt to cover her soaking body. Sirius felt his cock press against his pants as he drank in the sight before him. He walked to the edge of the tub and stepped into the water. She looked on in horror as this shirtless young man pointing a wand at her drew closer. She started to step backward, but stopped when he clicked his tongue at her as an adult would to a naughty child. "No, no, no. You stay right where you are, Liana ." He reached out and grabbed her hand. He pulled it down between her thighs as she let out a gasp of air and winced at his touch. "I seem to have interrupted you. It would be rude of me not to let you finish..." Liana looked into his eyes, utterly confused. "Finish? I... I can't!" she exclaimed. With his middle finger on hers, he pushed them both against her clit, causing her to moan softly. She pressed her body harder onto both their fingers, riding them for a split second before her eyes widened in shock, angry at her body for betraying her. She shrank back. He grabbed her shoulder with his wand hand and brought her closer, keeping his hand firm against hers between her legs. She shut her eyes as he began to push her hand up and down her dripping clit, ashamed of feeling herself getting wetter and wetter by the second. Sirius pressed his body against hers as she rocked back and forth on their hands, crying out in some combination of pleasure and shame. He