A/N: Alright so, if any of you are returning readers (which I highly doubt as my previous stories were garbage) I have deleted my other stories and are starting a different sort of account. I feel like this has probably been done many times before although I've failed to find any up to quality standards. This is going to be head canons made into full length one-shot (or more) fanfics. They come from pinterest or anywhere else I can find them. I will list the one at the bottom as not to ruin the story completely (do not go look now) and hope you enjoy! If you want to request any specific head canons, Percy Jackson or Harry Potter, write a review and include it in yours (PM me if you're really desperate) and I may consider it. Hope you enjoy, I really had fun writing this! Disclaimer: I do not own anything related to Percy Jackson. I'm only borrowing it as to entertain myself and others (hopefully). SPLAT. Annabeth cringed as she felt spaghetti sliding down the back of her shirt staining what used to be her favorite bra. She brought her arms down from her hair, she had just finished quickly tying it up when the spaghetti had hit. She supposed that she could pray to her mom for a new bra, however most of her efforts at the moment were now focused on cursing the demons that stained it in the first place. She tried to push her anger down. She, unlike Percy, had no unnatural consequences resulting from angry outbursts, but she could surely do some damage. She had worked extremely hard to get into this school and wasn't going to let one judo-flip get between her and a quality education. She turned slightly to glimpse and confirm the culprits. It seemed her instincts were correct… as they always were. Jean and Jamie, Double J. More like double trouble. They were sitting with their regular group of hags. More like empousa. Attractive from afar but downright devilish up close. They sat there cackling, splitting their sides as they waited for Annabeth's reaction. She wasn't going to give them the satisfaction. Those girls were bent on making her life a living hell. As if she hadn't been there already. "To match your new boy toy Annabeth", Jamie cried across the cafeteria. Annabeth had no idea what she was talking about, nor did she really care. She had the perfect boy toy as far as she was concerned and there was nothing they could do to get to him . Finally addressing the mass of red goo seeping quickly into her clothes, she stood up, grabbed her water bottle, and walked to the bathroom. Her things lay forgotten, after all a girl can only concentrate on a few things at once before exploding. She focused mostly on not sprinting over to the girls' table and showing them just what she, daughter of Athena, was made of, and to be Frank (no pun intended) it was quite a lot. She was determined not to give them what they wanted while reaching the bathroom as quickly as possible. Once inside, she grabbed the whole roll paper towels sitting atop the empty dispenser, filled up her water bottle in the sink, and shut and locked the door of the biggest stall. She whipped her shirt off and turned it over. Guess it could be worse, Annabeth thought to herself, surveying the damage. It wasn't really much food after all, just strategically aimed right in the middle of her back, no doubt the work of Jean's state champ softball pitch. She tried pouring some water on the stain and scrubbing it out, but it was no use, that sauce wasn't leaving. It was sticking with her… just like Percy would. She chuckled to herself, Percy loved spaghetti, he had even tried to dye it blue once ("to make it even better" he says). Percy! Annabeth suddenly remembered that she still had one of his sweatshirts in her backpack from his visit a few weeks back. She could wear that at least until she got to change. She threw the paper towels in the toilet, shrugged her damp shirt back on and walked out of the restroom. She made a beeline for her table, keeping her head down as not to attract attention, but in doing so, she ran headlong into someone. She looked up and almost screamed in frustration. Jamie was standing right there with a smug smile on her face as Annabeth glanced behind her and noticed Jean going through her things. "Hey! What the hell do you think you're doing Jean!" Annabeth shouted. "What does it look like I'm doing dipshit? Going through your stuff!" Jean said, "Jesus, you'd think she was blond or something", she finished with a smirk. She obviously thought she'd said something clever. Because this was a school that took exams and smarts to get accepted too, it turned out a common theme to insult each other's intelligence in verbal sparring. Annabeth gave Jamie a hard push and started towards her table and Jean. "Put it down now", Annabeth ordered. She grabbed her bag from Jean's hands just has Jean pulled out Percy's sweatshirt from her bag. It wasn't exactly the nicest sweatshirt Percy owned but it had smelled like him and made her feel better after days like this. He'd let her have it after his last visit, when he knew she was feeling down that he wouldn't be back for awhile. It was grey and ratty and emblazoned with the Goode High School swim team logo. It had been Percy's favorite… until he had outgrown it. "Now, what do we have here?" Jean mocked, "Looks like wittle Annabef might be a short some cash, running around in this ugly ass thing" Jean was obviously too dumb to realize it wasn't Annabeth's. She wasn't on the swim team nor was she even close to the size of that sweatshirt which Percy had grown out of. "Can't be worth much, looks like garbage to me. Might as well put it where it belongs", Jean went to throw it in the bin where Becky Lee had just thrown up five minutes before. "NO!" Annabeth shouted as she lunged to save it. Of course Jean would see it as trash, everything she wore was designer brand or at least new. She had always looked down on kids who wore hand-me-downs or anything simply not up to her "standards" and apparently this sweatshirt was no exception, emotional connection never taken into account. To be honest, Annabeth wouldn't have cared much about it either, like Jean said it was pretty ugly and beat up, but ever since she fell into Tartarus with Percy she had trouble keeping it together sometimes. She had known she would have to return to school eventually, her scholarship hanging in the balance and all, but she didn't realize how hard it would be after the events of the previous year. She felt like Percy was the only one who understood how she felt, as obviously no one at her school did, and wearing something of his, smelling the sea and wearing something he had worn just seemed to help when things started to become less than bearable. As Annabeth had leaped though, Jean seemed to change her mind and pulled it back towards her leaving Annabeth flying forward and inevitably landing on the food strewn cafeteria floor. "I think, I've changed my mind Jamie", Jean started obviously toying with Annabeth, "This matches much better with Annabeth's new boy toy than that red sauce. After all, couples always look so much cuter when they dress alike". "Great save Jean", Jamie said, "You're so right, I even think he may have one just like it! Obviously not exactly the same, but you know what I mean". Annabeth struggled to follow their conversation. "Um, what do you guys think you're talking about? I already have a boyfriend and he does NOT go to this school", she said, her mind aching to understand what they were talking about. From their tone she could tell it wasn't something she would like. But they didn't answer, both Jean and Jamie were doubled over in laughter. "You…. Have a boyfriend?" Jamie cackled. "Yeah right, who would want to look into your lifeless grey eyes for an eternity?" Jean added. Annabeth was fuming now. It was taking everything she had not to knock those two senseless. To settle, she spun around Jean, grabbed her bag, easily wrenched her sweatshirt out of her brittle fingers, pulled it over her head, and marched out of the noisy cafeteria with her head held high. As she exited, she heard the last bit of their conversation: "Just you wait, she'll get the one she deserves Jean. Boyfriend my ass, you're right Lan…." she didn't hear the rest determined as she was to get out of there as fast as possible, but it did leave her with questions. She knew only the worst could come from those two. 6th period english was always a pleasure. English was Annabeth's worst subject. It wasn't that she didn't understand the content or that she wasn't smart enough, it was just… well… her dyslexia still made things hard sometimes. Especially when she was distracted, like now. The letters wanted to be anywhere but the page she was supposed to be reading them on. It didn't help that Jean happened to be in the same period as her, always distracting her, although perfect Jean wasn't exactly a literary genius either. This was the honors english class, Jamie was in AP. At this school, honors wasn't worth shit, they might as well just call it regular english for all it counted for, the only reason it existed was for the GPA boost. Annabeth looked up from A Tale of Two Cities in an attempt to regain her concentration only to be nailed in the head by a crumpled ball of paper. In through your nose, out through your mouth, Annabeth thought. She already knew who threw it. She bent down in her desk and picked it up off the floor. She saw writing on the outside and flattened it out on her desk: Annabeth, Sorry about your shirt, I feel bad, I really do. I guess I was just caught up in the moment with Jamie. I know I shouldn't have done it but well, what can you do. Wanna hang out during free period today? You seem like an okay person. I'll be in the table in the corner of the quad, just come if you want too. Jean Annabeth could hardly believe her eyes. There was no way, Jean Mack wanted to hang out with her. No she was not going to fall for it. But… a nagging voice added in her head, what if she really does want to be friends. This could be your only chance to get on the right side of things. It sounded like she was going to be there alone, without Jamie. Maybe she could try it, it would probably be fine. What's the worst that could happen? The next two periods flew by and all of a sudden it was free period already. Usually Annabeth spent it doing homework and getting all her other work done so she had time to IM at night while the other girls were at the library studying. Most of the girls though, treated it as a gossip hour and hung out in the quad. Jean was one of those people. She and Jamie were the two biggest gossip contributors to hit the quad. All things started and ended with them. They dispelled rumors and started them. It was a ruthless circle of truth and tell, more like lie and tell if you asked Annabeth. She had decided to give Jean a chance, she might as well try to make