Just want to point out that things are slightly different. Leah and Seth have phased just a bit before Jacob did. And I think that's all that's really changed here. Also, this story is going to be relatively short, like five chapters long? This is more of a story to get me back into the groove of writing and shit, so no, it isn't going to be written very well, mostly for humorous purposes, but also to get me familiar with writing in general again. x "So lemme get this straight… You want me to move to Forks because Bella, the daughter of your old friend, has turned into the living dead?" I couldn't believe what my father was saying to me. I understand he owed Charlie some favors from back in the day when he was a troublemaker, but to rope me into everything was really unfair. I only met Bella maybe once in my entire life time, and she didn't really have the much of an effect on me, plus she was a year older than me. Not to mention she was plain, dull, and just flat, like there was no will or drive behind her to move her forward. The fact she was like that bothered me, and annoyed me and here my dad was trying to get me to bring her back to life? It was complete and utter bullshit. "Look dad, I love ya tons, but I hardly know Bella or her father and where am I going to stay? You can't just abandon the parlor like that. Frank'll never forgive you and I refuse to move to Forks on my own." I crossed my arms over my chest and made sure my displeasure with this idea was obvious. I was not going to budge from this, and there was no way my dad could possibly convince me to go. Not even all the money in the world would get me to move to Forks. "Andy will be going with you." Unless, of course, he decided to use my older brother on me. The sick fuck. My brother was a soft spot for me, and with him being in college and me being stuck at home due to being expelled, I rarely got to see him. "You're a prick dad." I huffed as my dad grinned through his foot-long greying beard and continued working on his client. Dickwad. "You know I love both you and Andy, but Charlie could really use the help." My dad explained and I probably would have been more willing to leave if he wasn't busy tattooing some chick's breast. "What about Andy, though? He's still in school!" I hoped that my brother would be stuck in college, which meant I didn't have to do shit and I could continue mooching off my dad until he forced me to get a job. "Your brother is getting a transfer, actually. He's going to be an understudy for some hotshot doc named Carlisle Cullen, I think? And you and your brother will be living in a nice little home where I use to live. Kinda far out there, but Andy has directions and don't worry about packing, I did it for you." If not for his client, I probably would have slapped my dad, but instead of causing what would probably turn into a horrible lawsuit, I stomped out of my dad's tattoo parlor. How could he force his own kin to go live somewhere neither of his kids had been. Not to mention our little family secret, which I'd have to hide while trying to cheer up some teenager. "I see dad talked to ya." I scowled as my brother in all of his stupid glory stood next to his stupid truck that had all of our shit packed into it. If he thought for even a second I was going to be going anywhere without my baby girls, he was stupid. "Yeah, yeah he did, and I am so going to scream kidnapping if you aren't gonna let me bringing my baby girls, and you're fucking stupid." I didn't even have to glare at him, he knew how much my babies meant to me and it was not going to be negotiated if I was bringing them or not. "Alright, fine. Dad wont be happy, but we got like…" My brother checked his watch and groaned. "Fifteen minutes, so let's get your babies and head out." Woah wait, hold the phone, we were leaving that soon? "You and dad planned this, screw it, I'm not even going to bother saying goodbye, let's go." I was angry, fuming, even. They had planned this shit and they knew the issues I was facing with the family secret. They had both managed it, and it wasn't like we had any other family to go to for help for me. Our dad wouldn't tell us about the rest of our family, so instead my brother and I were left to learn from just our dad who, to put it very simply, was a better tattoo artist than a dad or teacher. Twenty minutes later my first baby had all of her toys, food, and leashes packed up and was ready to go. My second baby was packed in the back on a trailer and we were all ready to go. "Do you have to bring your motorcycle? I mean, bringing Fefe is one thing, but a motorcycle too? This eighteen hour trip is going to turn into a full twenty four hour trip." My brother groaned as he climbed into the driver's seat while I laid in the back with a sleepy Fefe. "Not my problem. Might wanna start driving instead of complaining, or we'll never get there." I grinned at the front of the truck as my brother snorted and started up the car. Goodbye Los Angeles, hello shitty Forks, Washington. x The drive was excruciatingly boring and with stopping every three hours, both my brother and I were annoyed. I loved Fefe to death, and you would think with her being a goddamn husky she would be able to hold going to the bathroom, but no, almost every three hours on the dot she needed to go to the bathroom. Everything paired together, including Fefe's breaks, my brother and I's breaks, food stops, and traffic and after twenty two unlucky hours we finally pulled into Forks, Washington. Add another thirty minutes and we finally made it to our dad's old home. To put things in the simplest of terms, the place looked like shit. It was far off from any of the other homes and it had giant claw marks across the door and quite a few broken windows, but it would have to do. "Dad gave us a goddamn fixer upper. The prick." I snorted as I let Fefe run around the new place that would serve as my brother and I's home. "It's better than having to pay for a place." My brother offered. Was he really that big of an idiot? "Yeah, but now we have to spend money to fix this place up!" I hated how positive my brother could be, it really clashed with my negative attitude. "We'll work on it tomorrow, for now let's move everything inside. I'm going to call Charlie so he knows we made it, and after the truck is unpacked I'll head to the store to get some supplies. We can make this work, you just have to give it a chance." I was having a lot of trouble resisting the urge to slap my brother silly. "Yeah, yeah. I get enrolled to a new school because I was expelled from my last one, and you get to become some amazing doctor and you'll save people's lives and meanwhile I have to cheer up some emo kid." Today was not my day, which was more than a little obvious. Regardless of how I felt, my brother and I ended up unpacking the car, choosing our bedrooms and making sure the water and heater/A.C. worked. By the time we were finished, the sun was setting and I really wanted to go to bed, but there was no way in hell I was sleeping on some stale mattress with dusty sheets. "I'm sleeping in the car until we can get some actual furniture in here." I glared towards my brother who had taken to laying on an old, dusty couch that faintly smelled of blood. It made me want to gag. "Mkay. Just makesure you let Fefmmm." That… totally made sense. Not. I let out a long sigh and let Fefe into the house. Maybe she could go pee on the couch while my brother was sleeping on it. I smirked at the thought as I crawled into my brother's car and curled up in the back seat. For once I could actually be happy for my small size that allowed me to comfortably lay down in a small car. Now, while I could comfortably lay down, I couldn't, for the life of me, fall asleep. With a frustrated groan, I reluctantly opened the car door and slammed it behind me. Screw my dad for being an unemotional asshole. Screw my brother for coming up with a smart plan to get me to come and stay here. Screw the new house that needed to be fixed up and most of all screw the family secret. The family secret, my brother, and my dad could all burn in hell for a few minutes. I didn't mean that, but sometimes I really wished that my family could just spontaneously burst into flames for just a second or two. I looked towards the forest near our home and grinned. If dear old Andy wasn't awake, I couldn't get into trouble. I let out a gleeful (possibly sinister) laugh and opened the front door. Fefe bolted out quickly to go potty while I pulled my tank top off, along with my shorts. I walked out behind our new home and held my breath in. Bones began to grow and snap, cracking into new forms as my once 5'2" form became nothing, but giant, hulking furred muscles. This was my family secret, the newest evolution of werewolves, or so we were told. We were nothing like what people thought werewolves to be. If anything, we were like regular wolves, just a lot bigger. Dad never explained it to me, I think he explained it to Andy because he was older, but he wouldn't tell me until I was ready, apparently. The prick. Fefe was immediately at my side, yipping happily. She had always loved it when we would go on our runs, so that's exactly what we did. I couldn't go all that fast since Fefe was an older girl, and while she might have been a husky, she was a chubby one, so while I'd love to go barreling through the forest as fast as my legs could take me, I had to tone it down so she could keep up. Sure, I never had to worry about her getting too far from me, but the idea of her getting too far from me and someone finding her, then having to bring her back to the house was annoying. Not to mention, we had just moved, so he tags were not updated at all. Leaping through the trees with Fefe had been fun and by the time we had finished playing around, we were on a beach with no one around. Which I guess should have been expected at around one in the morning. It was actually rather nice. Fefe and I quickly dashed into the tides, splashing water and yipping happily before rolling around in the sand. However, like most things in my life, the fun was ruined by the sounds of people moving about. Fefe was quick to jump in front of me as three large guys