Title: Heart to heart by Alatarielrose *I do not own LOTR. I am not JRRT* Notes: This is NOT slash. Estel and Legolas are just friends and the love mentioned is that between friends. Estel and Legolas had made camp early after the young man, who had been feeling ill for a few days, began to feel worse. Although usually of a strong constitution, the two had been out hunting for the better part of a week in the cold, snow covered forest. This particular winter was the harshest the elves of Rivendell had seen in many years and the game was scarce, making hunting a challenge. Normally the Twins and Glorfindel would be available to help but due to the rough weather, the Rangers were having difficulties and had called on the help of the elves. Elrond had sent his sons, Advisor, and a contingent with much needed supplies to aide the humans who had had a small yield of crops due to a dry summer and early winter. The storerooms of the Last Homely house also had to be restocked and Legolas, who had decided to spend the winter visiting his friends, had gone hunting and taken Estel with him. Their trip went uneventfully until the fourth day when a badger spooked Estel's horse and he was thrown into a partially frozen pond. Despite the fact that they had immediately made camp and warmed the young man, by the fifth day he was feeling decidedly worse for wear and on the sixth was running a fever, having issues breathing and sick to his stomach. They decided to make camp early beneath the trees that protected them a bit from the biting wind, which had started around noon. About an hour after the two had eaten, Legolas tensed, sensing the approach of a familiar evil. It wasn't long thereafter that the two found themselves battling for their lives, greatly out-numbered by a band of twenty Orcs who had also ventured into the frozen forest for food. The start, like every battle, was quick. Legolas brought several of the foul creatures down with his arrows before their dark tempered steel was met with his own. Estel sucked in a deep breath and rallied himself for the fight, raising his sword to the darkling foe. The frozen ground refused to give under the clashing feet of chill orcish armor and elven leather. Estel swung low hoping to feel the soft barrier of flesh on his blade but only the shock and sound of steel returned. His vision was hazy, his responses slow, his skin covered in a fevered sweat. The fuzzy line of an Orc blade came into his vision, aimed neck level. His dizziness was a saving grace, poor coordination causing him to slip on the icy ground and allow the blade to swing wide, over his head. Estel's blade on the other hand found its mark. A thrown knife caught the human in the shoulder forcing a grunt of pain from his lungs despite his attempt to stifle it. Legolas promptly removed the orc's head for such a presumptuous attack. Pain slowed Estel adding to the sickness and before he could turn back around he felt a dagger slice deeply into his side. Falling to his knees with a gasp he swept his sword upwards with the last of his energy disemboweling his attacker. Legolas, who had mopped up the few remaining Orcs as they fled, rushed to Estel's side afraid of what he might find. Estel looked to Legolas as he approached, blinking as if to clear his sight, the human offered a wane smile, "This is not exactly what I had in mind when I agreed to this trip." his breathing was rather fast and shallow. He hadn't risen from the ground. "You really should be more careful, do you know what your Ada will say when we get you home?" Legolas joked, forcing a smile as he tried unsuccessfully to hide his concern for the human. "He'll blame you," Estel replied weakly as the elf moved him so that he was leaning against the nearest tree. Estel sat there, his eyes closed trying to fight the nausea and pain that were assaulting his senses. Startled when Legolas shook him, he opened his bleary eyes. "I've got to check your wounds Estel then get you home but I need you to stay awake for me. Can you do that?" his voice full of worry. Estel began to nod but when the world spun as a result he quickly stopped and closed his eyes once more only to be shaken by his friend again "I'm awake" he slurred weakly. Legolas didn't have much training as a healer only what was necessary for a soldier, so after carefully removing the knife which was still imbedded in the young man's shoulder he washed the wounds as best he could, packed them with an ointment he knew Estel always carried in case of an emergency, and bound the wounds tightly. Clearing their campsite, he opted to leave immediately for Rivendell and the healing skills of Lord Elrond. He loaded the supplies on Estel's horse then gently mounted his own horse keeping the human in front of him, careful not to jostle him too much. The young man had fallen unconscious while Legolas tended his injuries and could not be woken by the elf. Knowing that time was short, he spurred his horse into a fast trot while Estel's horse followed. Fortunately even though they had been gone six days they were only three and a half days from the Elven Valley and if Legolas were able he would travel day and night to get there, hopefully making the trip in less than two days. "Hold on Estel," he whispered. "I'll get you home." Estel regained consciousness several times over the first night. Each time he stirred Legolas would force him to drink some water and tried to get him to stay awake and while he was successful with the first endeavor, the second was more difficult due to the fact that Estel kept passing out. The human's breathing worsened and he had developed a nasty cough. His fever had also risen but he shook with cold despite the extra cloak and blankets Legolas had wrapped him in before having left their campground. As the sun began to rise Legolas slowed his horse and dismounted carefully with his cargo. Setting the human against a nearby log he went back to the man's horse and gathered their packs. As the horses rested, munching on grass they had uncovered with their hooves, the elf checked on the young man's injuries. The shoulder wound was looking dire. The edges were red and inflamed, and, knowing that infection was setting in and that he didn't have the skills to treat it, he washed and bound the wound again. Moving on to the side wound, he noticed that it was still slowly seeping blood. Apparently the jostling of the horse was aggravating it, but knowing there was nothing he could do to avoid it other than slow their pace even further than he was already forced to, he cleansed the wound and applied more ointment. Wrapping it tightly in and attempt to stop the blood flow completely, he sighed knowing that it might not be enough. Lost in thought he gathered the supplies and put them back in the pack. He was startled out of his thoughts when a weak voice called out to him. Smiling as he leaned down next to the human he comforted, "I'm here Estel, don't worry." The young man smiled at that. "You always are." Then he found himself supported by the elf's strong arms as a coughing fit shook his entire body, stealing his strength. When it had passed Legolas grabbed a water skin and helped the human to drink. "Thanks." Legolas just nodded. "How long?" he asked as he was handed some dried meat. "We were attacked last night. The snow on the ground slows our progress but I believe we should reach your Ada within two days. I'm not much of a healer and I want to get you to him quickly. It looks like your injuries are beginning to develop an infection and I am worried about your breathing. That cough you have is rather nasty plus you have a high fever." "Bring me my pack," Estel instructed hoarsely. Pulling out several herbs he added them to the water skin. "The next time we stop, heat some of this and I'll drink it. It should help out with the fever and fight any infection." Then he removed a few leaves and placed them in his mouth, telling Legolas what they were for and how much he should be given. "These plants are for numbing against pain, while these should help with the fever and keep it from taking a stronger hold." Another coughing fit caught them both off guard and Legolas was back supporting Estel as he struggled to breathe. When the attack ended Estel was exhausted and the elf was trying to hide his concern. "How about we get you home, Estel." The man only nodded and Legolas whistled. The horses trotted over and after placing the packs back on Estel's horse, he helped the human to his feet and then to mount the horse. Making sure Estel was as comfortable as possible he mounted behind him. Taking the reigns he set out again, his arm gently wrapped around Estel's waist to keep him from sliding off the creature as it passed over the snow-covered ground. The two attempted conversation but it soon became apparent that Estel was too sick to contribute much and Legolas spoke up, sensing his friend becoming tired, "Lean back against me and rest. I won't let you fall." Estel sighed but did as Legolas suggested. Shutting his eyes he leaned back against the strong chest listening as the elf began to hum. Not long after he was asleep, secure in the arms of his friend. Legolas had felt how tense the human was and knew it was due to the pain of riding. He figured that now that they were on their way to help, it might do his young charge some good to rest and it would also keep him from feeling some of the pain caused by the movement of the horse. Estel had been silent for a while and so Legolas trailed off from his story to suggest the man lean back and try to rest. After a few moments of indecision he felt the body relax against him. He began to hum and it was not long before he felt Estel relax completely into the comfort of sleep. Legolas sighed as he once again stopped to rest the horses. It was taking longer than he wanted to reach the Last Homely House. Part of it was the fact that he was worried about Estel's condition, since they really had made better time than he had originally thought. Estel hadn't woken the whole day and Legolas wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not. He had been giving Estel sips of water every half-hour while riding, not wanting to dismount, but still wanting to make sure the man didn't become dehydrated. The horses were a blessing, both were strong and sensing the elf's concern, they trudged without complaint through the snow, tirelessly attempting to get the pair quickly home. Legolas knew this and was grateful, not stopping to rest until sunset. While the horses went off he gathered a few sticks and lit a small fire near where he had placed Estel and the packs. Putting the water on to heat he took a small bite of dried fruit from his pack and waited, watching over the young man. After a few minutes the water was hot and he poured in into a cup and carefully forced