A/N: I recently found my missing thumb drives and this was the very first story on the first one. I have my notes back for my various stories and updates for others and even better all my research and notes about things like spells and such. Anyhow, I have decided to start with the oldest drive and work my way to clearing them by posting updates and such as I come to them. This is the first story on my thumb drive. It was one of those to be placed in my Dust Bunnies area until I realized that I have about six or seven chapters alraedy done and this is pretty much a stand alone story. Here in the states, there are several idiotic made up holidays like Talk Like A Pirate Day. Yes, I am serious, there is a day to celebrate talking like a pirate. Johnny Depp must be thrilled. Anyhow, I wrote a few one shots using Sirius because I can't picture anyone other than the twins taking pleasure in such odd celebrations. Chapter One: Lazy Mom's Day, September 1st Harry, Hermione and Ron were entering the Hogwarts Express from the muggle side of Kings Cross Station; waving to his godfather from the window once they had chosen a compartment, Harry watched as he spoke to the Weasley parents then moved towards Amelia Bones to speak to his former partner. It was the beginning of their fifth year, after a very eventful fourth year and summer. Harry had ended up in the TriWizard Tournament in spite of not entering himself, had to fly to escape a dragon he had had to face, had dived in the Black Lake to rescue Hermione, then to his everlasting horror had had to dance in public. To make matters worse, he had unfortunately abandoned his date Parvati Patil when he had seen the traitorous rat Wormtail AKA Peter Pettigrew in a corner heading towards the office of the newest Defense Against Dark Arts teacher, Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody and followed him. He had overheard that it hadn't been the real Mad-Eye; he had pulled out his invisibility cloak and awaited the rat to exit by the One-Eyed Witch. The rat had done exactly as expected and tried to leave the castle through the old Marauders tunnel. Harry had caught him then instead of contacting the Headmaster, he had placed Wormtail in an unbreakable cage then contacted Remus Lupin via Hedwig. He had then sent a message to Amelia Bones, the ex-partner of Moody himself via an anonymous school owl. Remus had come to Hogwarts the very next morning through the same tunnel with a certain large black grim. The two had verified that it was Peter then had hidden under the cloak while he met Amelia who had been rather puzzled by the message that had supposedly come from Mad-Eye via the Boy-Who-Lived. Harry had explained what he had overheard and when she had asked why he hadn't told the Headmaster, he had looked at her then been very honest. "I am mad at him. He could have gotten me out of the tournament and didn't. Now, do you believe me?" He asked. She looked at the rat then at the teenage boy then at the rat again. After what felt like hours but in reality was mere seconds, she said "I don't want to but, yes. Where is the real Moody?" Harry grimaced then said "I don't know. I just know that Peter called the man Barty." "Regarding what you told me about Fudge..." The Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement trailed off then said "I do believe you about what he did last year. I have been looking for the file regarding Mr. Black and haven't been able to locate them. I have a way around him but have to ask... why do I think you are in contact with a certain fugitive?" Harry didn't reply, he had merely stood and walked towards the door. Looking at the austere looking woman, he said: "Would you answer that question if you were me?" With that, he hoped that he was right as he exited the room hoping that whatever Remus and Sirius overheard helped free his godfather. In the small anteroom, Amelia Bones looked at the caged rat then said: "Well, Mr. Pettigrew, I rather think that it is time to give an innocent man his life back." A week later, Harry was seated next to Hermione in the Great Hall when a flock of owls flew in carrying the Daily Prophet. After a whole semester of being the target, Harry winced at receiving his copy but that ended when he saw the headline. "SIRIUS BLACK DECLARED INNOCENT." Harry looked towards Hermione then towards the professor's table. He saw the Headmaster looking his way then hurry out of the hall towards his office. He saw the other professors were all eagerly reading the paper, all except the tall dark-haired professor at the end of the table. He stood so quickly that his chair slammed to the stone floor as he quickly exited. Harry scanned the main article and quickly moved on to the smaller one announcing that Fudge and the Wizengamot had agreed to open the Potter will and had turned over custody of Harry to his godfather. By the end of the month, Harry was out of the tournament, Peter had ratted out his master and Barty had been kissed by a dementor that Fudge had brought to the castle with him. The baby mutant version of Voldemort had been put through the Death Veil in the Department of Mysteries. Harry had been thrilled when his godfather had taken him home for the Easter holiday and shown him their new home for the summer and hopefully for the future. A summer that had been spent getting to know his godfather and to a lesser extent Remus Lupin who had traveled to visit them occasionally but who had primarily been kept busy helping Amelia Bones and the ministry with issues resulting from the capture of Voldemort. Tomorrow he was returning to Hogwarts as the newest Charms professor as Flitwick had moved over to the Defense Against Dark Arts position during a restructuring of the school. Binn was let go by popular demand and a new professor was brought in, not that she was particularly popular. Delores Umbridge was hired by the Headmaster against the wishes of almost the rest of the staff. Sybil Trelawney was to finish out with her current youngest year students, but anyone who had wished had been allowed to change classes. Harry to his own embarrassment had soon learned what it meant to have a caring guardian as he found himself now taking Runes after an intense summer spent getting up to the right level with his godfather. Sirius had not been pleased to learn how Harry had chosen his supplemental classes, and when Ron had learned that Harry was leaving, he had also done so and was now taking Muggle Studies with the third years. Now seated as the train began to pull out of the station, Harry looked over at his friends and grinned. His eventful summer had included time spent with both of them and he had found himself enjoying going to the Burrow but had loved leaving to go home to a place to call his own. Spending time with Hermione had been a revelation, while she had had the same intensity regarding summer studies, it had been paired with an eagerness to show him everything he had missed by being raised by the Dursleys. They had spent the summer at muggle amusement parks, museums, not only of art, but even old cars and science. Those had been interesting for the boy who had never really been allowed to live, but even more so for his godfather whose curiosity had landed them in hot water more than once. They had been escorted out from one particular museum after having a laughing fit watching Sirius who had placed his hand on an electricity machine struggling to get his hair back in place had tripped over a different exhibit then had accidentally pulled down a rather comely female docent on top of himself. He had claimed innocence and after a few questions, Hermione had been convinced which had set them off on a laughing fit this time seated on the steps of the science museum. There had been trips to movie theaters, every single different type of restaurant that they could find, including KFC which had also had them kicked out after Sirius had offhandedly mentioned that Harry's father had once compared the Order of the Phoenix to the fast food place. His explanation had set them off and the staff had been convinced they were making fun of them so they had kicked them out. A trip to the ocean had been a bit awkward as Harry had suddenly realized his body was reacting to his best friend wearing a bikini and he had refused to leave the water. That awkwardness had gotten even worse when his godfather had figured out the problem and had had a talk with Harry that evening that even now remembering had the teenager wishing he could oblivate himself. "Harry?" Tuning back into the conversation in the train compartment, Harry realized that Hermione was glaring at Ron who had been saying his name. "What do you think?" "About?" Harry asked wearing a slightly sheepish expression as he explained he had been thinking about all that had changed since the beginning of last year. "Ron was saying that because you are prefect this year it means he can get away with not getting caught out after curfew," Hermione replied. "Plus he thinks it is an easy way of gaining possession of banned items." "Sorry mate but I promised my godfather to do my best to tow the line, you know that the Headmaster is still trying to get my guardianship transferred back to the Dursleys." Harry announced regretfully. Ron glared at his two closest friends then crossing his arms, stared out the window the reddish tinge on his ears showing how upset he was at Harry not agreeing with his plan. Things between the two had been different since Ron had turned on him the year before. They were still good friends but Harry no longer let Ron lead him, he spoke his mind. "Besides, it is wrong," Hermione said with an icy look Harry's way for not mentioning that when telling Ron why he wouldn't be going along with his plan. "So, did you hear who the other prefects are yet?" Harry frowned then said: "I saw Neville when his grandmother met with Sirius and he mentioned that Susan Bones and Justin Finch-Fletchley are the Hufflepuff prefects." "You just know that Snape is going to make Malfoy a prefect," Ron muttered. "If there is anyone that needs Hermione's little lecture, it's him, not us." "Ronald, if you would just once-." Hermione saw Harry nodding no and went silent in spite of wanting to keep arguing with the red head. Harry stopped their argument by turning the conversation to Quidditch. "Katie Bell is Quidditch captain for Gryffindor, but no one knows the others. I am sure that Cedric will be the Hufflepuff captain but I heard from Terry Boot that Flitwick stripped Cho Chang of her prefect badge and position on the team at the end of the year." "Yes, I heard that too," Hermione replied. "Ginny said that Chang and Edgecomb both were in trouble with ole Flitwick at the end of the year over something with Looney Lovegood," Ron replied. "Who?" Harry asked. "You know that strange girl in Ravenclaw who is always dressed so odd. She lives near us and is weird." Ron replied. "Ginny used to be friendly with her but Mom didn't approve of her dad so she put a stop to