Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games. A/N: Written for the June Monthly Oneshot Challenge at Caesar's Palace. 0. Eleven years before a girl who will grow up to witness the fall of the Capitol and meet a man she will love unconditionally is born, Samuel Cresta and Marie Nullen meet in front of a stall selling leather sandals. Marie flashes Samuel a pearly white smile and moves on. Samuel follows and asks her name. He asks her if she'd like to take a walk, and she says yes. They walk a lot after that. And one year later, they sign some papers in front of the justice building, slip on regulated metal rings, and Samuel kisses the bride. 1. At one in the morning on Wednesday, May seventeenth, eight year old Ethan Cresta is woken by his father and given strict instructions before being pushed out the door. He is to run the half mile to where his grandmother sleeps at the edge of Cod Bay and bring her back to their small house because his mother is having the baby. Annette Cresta lurches out of bed at Ethan's knock. She nods, grabbing her grandson's hand and they head back to the Cresta's. Behind them the tiny shack which Annette frequents fades into the darkness until even the glowing white seashells hung around it have disappeared. His mother has a little girl, born strong and healthy. She's a quiet baby, taking in everything with large sea green eyes and smiling at everyone. Ethan lets her grasp his hand with little fingers, staring at the contrast between his tanned skin and hers, which has not yet even seen the light of day. He sits beside her and his mother as the sun rises, watching her first hours. Marie names her daughter Annette Pearl Cresta after Samuel's mother. You're going to grow up to be a wonderful person, Annette. My sweet Annie. Wednesday's child is full of woe, whispers Annette, and Marie hushes her. The old rhyme means nothing to her, and she kisses her daughters tiny hand, her lips are curved into a smile. 2. The little baby grows quickly, turning five before they realize it. Annie, as she is now called, is just as in awe of her brother as ever, following Ethan around and collecting rocks off of the beach. Ethan enrolls in the Stormwatcher's Academy half a mornings walk south from their house and soon proves best in his class. Stormwatcher's is one of the best training academies in the district, and Annie can't remember ever seeing her daddy with so much water in his eyes. "It's all that damn smoke in the air from your mother's stew," he says, and claps Ethan on the back. "Momma?" Annie asks. "What is it, Annie?" Marie asks, idly picking a piece of fish bone out of the stew. "Will I ever get to fight the way Ethan does?" Her mother pats her back. "Someday, when you're older, you'll be just as good as him. My brave warrior children, you'll be the very best. I promise you will." From then on, Ethan lets Annie fight with him on the beach, duels with sticks that always end with her huffing in defeat and him laughing as he pulls her back to her feet. When she's not 'fighting' with Ethan, Annie likes to watch the waves lap against the shore. The water is a clear blue where they live. Sometimes when Annie comes with her mother into the center of town to pick up supplies, they go past beaches that have been ruined by people and their garbage, where the water is a murky brown and her mother warns her not to swim in. So Annie sticks to the stretch of sand and pebbles in front of their little house and giggles when crabs crawl over her legs. Sometimes she giggles when there are no crabs too, but shhh. Don't tell anybody that. 3. When Annie is eight, her parents let her begin at Stormbringer's. Children usually aren't allowed until they're nine or ten, but her brother doing so well leads them to let her be an exception. It's unfair, but Annie isn't going to protest. This is where she's wanted to be as long as she can remember. They start her off with the bows, where she has no luck, and the same happens with her brother's weapon, the spear. But when her hands clasp around a pair of throwing knives, a shudder seems to go down her spine, and after she's hurled them into the dummies (even if the knives did land in the knee cap and thigh, respectfully) her blood is positively singing. There's a beauty in the way it feels to pull the curved knives out of the dummy, something lovely in the burst of fake but strikingly red blood that blooms on its pale canvas skin. Almost two years pass before something unthinkable happens. Ethan's been feeling sick all week, but he trains anyway. If he wants to volunteer at the next reaping, he protests, he needs to train as much as possible. His work with the sword is impeccable, and he can use nearly any other weapon almost as good, so he's been practicing his agility. And then his fingers slip on the bar he's been climbing, and he falls. At first Annette says he'll never be able to walk again, maybe never wake up, but he opens his eyes and she says that her medical training was never very reliable anyway. He regains use of his legs, but from his knee down on his left side, he can't feel anything, and all dreams of the games are crushed. At the reaping a boy from the other side of the district volunteers. Annie drops out of Stormbringer's after that. She may love the art of fighting and preparing to kill, but she loves her brother more, and she knows that it hurts him to see her doing what he can never do again. She spends more time helping out on her father's boat, The Marie. She mends nets, and Annette teaches Ethan how save a life rather than take it. Their lives are thrown out of order, and Annie adjusts. She befriends a boy, Nolan, who's been helping on The Marie , and she goes back to the ocean as the tide comes in. 4. Annie has only days left before she turns eighteen and she's standing in the group of girls in front of the stage. "Annie!" a girl whispers, grabbing her hand, and she turns to see a girl with blonde hair and a gleeful, pixie-like face behind her. Rhea, her mind supplies, and Annie smiles. "Hey, Rhea. Do you know if anyone's volunteering this year?" Annie asks. As far as she knows, Rhea still attends Stormbringers. "Uh, I think some girl from the eighteens class, Michaels or something might be volunteering, but I'm not sure." Annie nods. A volunteer ready means that even if you're eligible, as long as you're young enough, you're safe. The room becomes silent, and Annie realizes she's zoned out again (shhh, no one mention how often that happens) and that the escort Meena Summer is about to read the name. Meena has read the names every year since Annie was thirteen. Before that there was another man, but he made an unsavory comment about the President, and he hasn't been seen since. "Annette Cresta," Meena Summer breathes, her tone almost reverent, as she sets the slip gently to the side. Oh. Shoulders back, facing forward, a slight, confident smile on her face, Annie walks up to the front, and shakes the Meena's hand. "Would you like me to ask for volunteers?" Meena asks, and Annie takes the microphone from her. "No volunteers, please. And it's not Annette. Just Annie." She flashes a bright grin at the crowd and saunters to the side of the stage as Meena digs around in the bowl. "Nolan Reef," Meena says in the same hushed tone, every word sounding as though she's talking to a god, and if you look close enough maybe you can see the exact moment when Annie's smile drops and her face becomes horror stricken. No. Not him. Not Nolan, with his freckles and brown eyes and the way he smiles. Not her best-only, really- friend. He walks up to the stage, trying to look brave, but he's only fifteen and not an actor. She can see the fear in his eyes. "Any volunteers?" Meena asks. She doesn't bother questioning him, this little boy. There is nothing but silence, then Nolan flinches as a sob echoes in the silence. Near the back, Annie can see that Nolan's mother's face is pale, and she looks wildly around, as though willing someone to volunteer. " Please, " the woman shrieks. "Save him! Save my son! Please! " The peacekeepers push her back, and Annie shakes Nolan's hand once, squeezing it reassuringly. They reach the justice building just moments later, having shaken hands and been introduced, and Annie sits on a couch the green of sea foam. She pulls her knees up to her chest and waits, eyes dry. When the door opens, her mother and father come in and hug her. They tell her to win this thing, to use her knives and come back alive. They call her their little girl, their victor, and they say good bye. She doesn't like the good bye. It's too final. Ethan comes next, clapping her on the back. He gives her advice that she doesn't need and a pep talk that she does need. He tells her that she'll be alright, and she pretends that she doesn't see the anger in his eyes. He stopped liking the Games years ago, though he'd never admit it. His enthusiasm towards the Capitol slowly went sour as he realized he would never be a victor, or even a tribute, and now there is nothing but resentment and hatred for the people who prep them and tell them they'll be great only to cheer as they die. None of this was ever said out loud, but Annie knows. She sees. Annie understands, really, but she can't convince even herself that there wasn't a hint of excitement when Clytie called her name. A thrill ran through her body, and with adrenaline fueling her words, she had said 'no volunteers'. But she'll win, and Ethan believes in her too. He gives her a bracelet with a little pink sea shell on it and when he leaves, it's with just a cheery see you later! She and Nolan meet their mentors on the train. Finnick Odair, the boy who won when he was fourteen, and Mags, the woman who won when the hunger games was a novelty, something they didn't know would go on forever. She says hello to the people who will teach her to survive as the train begins to speed through the district . Soon District Four will be behind them, disappearing into the distance. Maybe she'll never return. 5. Annie's stylist is a tall woman with blue hair that goes to her knees and huge, yellow eyes who can't be more than thirty. She's wearing a short, black lace dress with neon purple gloves, and as she plays with Annie's hair, she introduces herself as Clytie. "Your partners stylist, Marco, and I have your outfits all figured out. We just need to get them sized properly, so while we wait for that, I'll start on your hair!" Clytie exclaims. She brushes it quickly, and as she styles it, Annie thinks of home and of Ethan and her parents, and her grandmother, and even Rhea. There is a chance that she will never see them again, and even if she does, she will never see Nolan. When Clytie has finished, the back of Annie's hair is in an elegant twist, while the front falls loose in a