Percy Jackson watched the dark stone glimmer under the red haze. After sacrificing his life to save Annabeth's, he was taken in by the Order of the Dark Moon. The Order of the Dark Moon saved his life, granting him immortality in Tartarus and control over the legions of monsters that resided there. At first, Percy wanted nothing more than to escape to Annabeth and his family above the pit, but as the Prince, he couldn't leave that easily. It was hard for him to stay away from the pit for long, as it taxed his body and made him weak, so he was stuck training his army and making allies with the dark creatures that lived there. Percy wasn't dark, but he was no longer light, either. He couldn't embrace heroism anymore, but at the same time, he wasn't ready to rule the Earth with 'eternal darkness' or some other dark theory. Percy was, in fact, simply grey. He was the median between light and dark. Today was a day like any other, observing the training of his army and discussing recruiting options with his fellow allies. Percy loved his recruiting missions, where he would travel the pit to find strong allies to aid his army. They would have to join the Order of the Dark Moon, of course, which gave them certain benefits like protection from enemies. Sometimes it got complicated, with certain monsters holding grudges with others who had already joined. Then Percy would have to smooth over the rift and try to find a compromise that suited both parties. The Order of the Dark Moon liked to treat every monster fairly. The Order of the Dark Moon was simply an allegiance between stronger monstrous forces that wished to hold control over a portion of the world. Alaska was too small for the thousands of monsters that lived and grew in the pit, and they needed more breeding grounds and area to roam. The Order wanted to negotiate with the Olympians to gain control over a bigger portion of land for the pit's creatures. To do this, they needed strong forces to back up their claim and give them support. If worse came to worse, they needed the army to battle their way to their goal. Percy was taken in when the Order was still newly created, so it was still pretty small. Percy was healed by some evil Greek legends who entrusted Percy with leadership of the Order. When he was fully healed, he was trained and schooled in legends and myths. He learned about monster habitats and attitudes before they finally sent him out to recruit monsters. Then, he trained a few gifted creatures to train his recruits, and that gave Percy time to negotiate with older, stronger forces. The Order gained ground quickly, and even old enemies came to respect Percy. They even told him why they disliked him, and they grew to like him more when he stated he no longer agreed with his older self. Percy gained more allies then enemies quickly, and sometimes he could be seen discussing the Olympians ruling with Titans and Giants. As the Order gained more power, Percy traveled to request an audience with the Council, the original group that began the Order. The council was similar to the Olympian Council, except they had an even amount of female monsters vs. male monsters, and it consisted of 'evil' creatures. Percy held a seat in the Council, as the last and final member. The Council had only ten members. The King of Darkness, Erebos and his wife, Nyx the Queen of Night, were the first pair. Then there was Kronos, the King of the Titans, and his wife Rhea, the Queen of Titans. After that, Tartarus, the pit himself, and Gaea, Mother Earth (as it turns out, she's not so evil after all) claimed the third pair of seats in the Council. Following them, there Typhon, Charybdis, Scylla and finally, Percy. Percy traveled the rocky terrain easily, thanking the Council mentally for the added bonus' of his immortality. Though it did suck to never ever see your family or friends again, Percy gained a different body from his transformation. He still looked the same, only his lungs could not only breathe the air from above, but also the air below. His eyes were a darker shade of green, and he was more muscular. His body could withstand the air of the pit, and his skin was thicker to prevent himself from getting cut on the sharp rocks and shards. As the Prince of the pit, he wore an obsidian crown that circled around his skull in an edgy, dark design outlined in silver. His clothes were simple, a dark shirt and pant, with leather boots and a dark cloak. The pit was warm, but in deeper crevices, the temperature dropped to a colder climate. Percy found the crude steps with ease, after traveling them for so long, they were easy to pick out. He descended, eying the beasts that flew around the crevice, guarding its entrance. Sure enough, two broke away from the pack and flew down in front of him. Percy halted, and the two arai bowed to him. "My lord," the first rasped. "What brings you to the edge of the pit?" The second hissed. "Why must you question our lord? He comes for his own reasons! Ones we must not question." Percy put his hand up to stop the two. "Please, do not speak." He turned his gaze to the first. "I am here to discuss matters with the Council. I would appreciate it if you gathered them for me." The first arai bowed deeply. "Thank you, my lord. I will do as you wish." Then it flew off, and Percy watched it grow distant before he looked back at the second. "My fellow friend, I am not that high and mighty that you cannot ask questions. You should be wary of strangers entering this part of the pit. Who knows? I could be an imposter." The arai shook its head. "No, master. You smell of good, fresh bread and darkness. No other being smells the way you do. I would know even from afar if you were an imposter." Percy cracked a smile as he began to descend again. The arai followed him. "You remind me of an old friend." The arai looked at him with a startled look on his face. "I have heard of your many travels, my lord. What friend do you speak of? I could never resemble any human!" Percy sighed. "This friend you wouldn't have heard of. He was the titan who led me through the pit. He faded years ago." For a heartbeat, the arai was silent. "Iapetus." Percy continued to walk on. "Yes." The arai flew off, leaving Percy to his memories. PJ Kronos scowled at the parchment, the inky scrawl a reminder of what was to come. Percy had just arrived at the Great Crevice, and requested a Council meeting. He apparently had an 'urgent matter' that needed to be attended too. Personally, Kronos thought that he old enemy needed to realize just how powerful these old dark creatures were. A young boy could not simply order them around. Kronos himself was more powerful that Percy could imagine, if only that cursed boy Luke had not destroyed his ticket to world power. Since the day Percy had fallen before the Council, Kronos had despised the boy. However, he would not be so quick to cast out a future rival, especially one that was as powerful as Percy. Percy didn't even realize the extent of his power! Kronos knew that when Percy did fully realize his potential, and acted on it, that he would be an ally Kronos would want to have. Kronos hissed inside his entrapment. It had taken quite a while to collect every fragment of his scattered soul, and even when he was brought together, he had to be kept in a special enchanted bottle. It annoyed him to no end, to be so weak and useless, merely a voice of reason. Kronos had not yet given up on his dreams of power, but he knew that this time he would have to be wiser… more tactful. The Council gave him the perfect opportunity to work from behind the scenes, while using others to achieve his goals. A scaly arai walked into his quarters, bowing low. "My lord, lord Percy requests-" Kronos hissed. "Yes, I know. Bring me to the Council chambers." The arai blushed, and fumbled forward. "My apologies, my lord! I-I didn't know." The arai picked Kronos up with care, and begun the journey to the Council chambers. PJ Percy paced the obsidian floor of the chamber anxiously. He was awaiting the arrival of several very powerful deities. He sat down in his throne, a tall chair rooted to the floor. It was made of a dark, jagged stone with etchings of his heroic achievements, the story of his journey here. The throne was finished with thin, silver veins stretching themselves over the stone. It was beautifully made. Percy remembered his dear friend, who had helped him adjust to Tartarus life. When he met her, he was walking down the steps for another Council meeting. He had just sent an arai to summon the other Council members. After that arai had left, an empousa strode up the steps. Her flaming hair rippled in the dark light. "My lord, I did not expect for your return. Shall I fetch the rest of the Council?" Percy shook his head. "No, I have an arai doing that." "Then let me walk with you." The empousa walked on with Percy for a while. "My lord, why do you stay?" "Are you referring to Tartarus?" Blushing, the empousa nodded. Percy shrugged. "I can't leave you guys. It's…hard." "In what way?" Percy sighed. "If I leave the pit, I will die. I have a connection to it now." The empousa twisted her hair, and brushed dust of off her shoulder. "You are connected to Lord Tartarus? Then you are his-" Percy snorted. "Forgive me. Not Tartarus, but the pit itself," he explained. "Tartarus controls the pit, but he is not the pit. Do you understand?" The empousa was silent. "I-um… kind of." They walked on in silence for moments more, until the empousa turned to look at him with her red eyes. "Do you miss the above?" Percy eyed her for a moment. Could she be tricking him? "Yes," he replied hesitantly. "Sometimes, I do, but the pit is my new home." "What do you miss the most?" Percy thought back to Camp Half-Blood, and Annabeth. Gods, he missed her so much. But he didn't want her to see him, because if she did she would be disgusted. He was expanding in his powers in ways that would frighten her; even if he was fine with it, she wouldn't be. He also thought of his mom and dad, and Paul. His friends briefly crossed his mind before he thought to what he truly missed more than anything. "I miss the beaches. The sun, the water…it was where I was most comfortable." And so the empousa asked Percy all about beaches. Why would you want to swim? Why not just chase demigods? Why get all gross and salty when you can do better things? Percy answered all of questions to the best of his ability, and when they reached the bottom, he invited her inside. The empousa refused, and told him that she had work to do. Before they parted, he asked her a question. "What's your name?" The empousa giggled, an odd sound coming from her frightening features. "My name is Ally." Percy thought about Ally, and wondered what work she had to do. After all, monsters only hunt. They don't do day jobs or anything. But he didn't have any more time to consider as the Council