A/N Written for the Smut2SaveLives charity hosted by the amazing Streetlightlove1. But now I get to share with all of you who haven't read it yet. Enjoy! I'm on tumblr ~ thegirlonpeetamellark ;) "Harder!" I close my eyes and grit my teeth at the sound of sweet, shy Annie moaning in pleasure and asking for Finnick to fuck her harder. It's moments like these when I really, really wish I had the money to live on my own without a roommate. Finnick has been my best friend since college and hearing his sexual escapades through our shared walls is nothing new for me. But as long as I've known him they've always been one-night stands, girls that he said goodbye to in the morning and never saw again. I had basically trained myself to sleep right through the sound of his headboard hitting the wall, or the girl of the night mewling pathetically. But then he started dating Annie, and everything changed. It was almost unsettling to suddenly see the Finnick I've known for so many years head over heels in love, to see him so infatuated with Annie that he doesn't even give the girls that swoon over him a second glance anymore. It's like he's a different person now. I'm happy for him, I am. But this all-consuming, passionate, lovemaking session I have to hear on the other side of my wall just irritates me in a way I can't really explain. "Fuck, I'm going to come." I cringe and turn away from the sound of Finnick's voice mid-thrust. "Oh fuck yesss..." Annie shouts, and I put a pillow over my head to try and drown out the sound of their voices. At least they're almost finished. The worst part is some nights they go at it like rabbits, and it's a little too easy to forget that it's my best friend and the love of his life on the other side of the wall. They usually sound better than any porno I've ever watched and before I know it I'm hard as a rock and aching for some relief. Tonight, however, I just wait for the strangled shouts of pleasure and finally relax a little bit when the noise stops. But then the whispered 'I love you' exchange that comes shortly after twists at my gut and makes me feel worse than the sound of them fucking. I don't know why Finnick clearly having the best sex of his life affects me like this, but it's starting to become unbearable. Maybe because I've been going through a pretty rough dry-spell lately I'm just jealous at how good he's getting it right now. Finn and I have always competed against each other on some level, and most of the girls I've fallen in bed with as of late have been nothing to write home about. Maybe I should put more of an effort into finding a girl I can actually connect with. Maybe I need to approach this from a more evolved point of view. But sometimes it's easier to just fall into bed with a girl for a quick fuck, to get off and keep the loneliness at bay. I told myself I wasn't going to do this. I went out tonight intending to get a girl's number, not to bring a girl home. I was hoping to find a nice girl who I had something in common with, a girl I could get to know better. But I really want to fuck this girl. Now. Blame it on the dry spell, blame it on the fact that going back to my apartment alone to hear Finnick and Annie going at it again makes me want to throw up. Blame it on the fact that the second I saw this girl I knew I had to have her. "Katniss, you have really pretty eyes, you know that?" I say. She shakes her head and takes a swig from her drink. "That's such an original line, Peeta," she laughs. "Does it work with all the girls you use it on?" I laugh. This girl is funny. And hot. Win-win. "Is it still a line if it's true though?" I finish my own drink and push it away. I'm not interested in another one. I know where tonight is headed, and I don't want to be too drunk for it. She rolls her eyes playfully and downs the rest of her drink as well, before pushing it away. "Well if we're going to be honest here, Peeta, why don't you just tell me what you really want," she says, staring me down. She raises her eyebrows just slightly, a challenge that I find myself responding to immediately. "I want a good lay," I answer truthfully. "I want a girl to fuck my brains out and make me come so hard that I see stars." I hold my breath for a moment, praying that I didn't read this wrong and she's not going to tell me to fuck off. She absorbs what I said for a moment, studying me carefully. The look in her eyes is so intense I feel myself flush, completely nervous and unsure of myself all the sudden. Maybe I did read this wrong. Maybe she doesn't want me like that. She seems to make up her mind about something and then nods slowly. "Just tonight?" she asks, and I nod my head in confirmation. I need her tonight. That's as much as I can process at the moment. "Well, then Peeta, let's grab a cab, get out of here, and see what else you can do with that sweet-talking mouth of yours." I nearly swallow my tongue. I lean in a little closer and boldly reach out and rest my hand on her thigh. My palm covers the bare skin of her leg that her short, skin-tight dress leaves exposed. "I'll be honest, Katniss. I can't stop thinking about getting this dress off you and seeing how many times I can make you come." When she pulls back, her eyes have darkened and all humor has vanished from her face. "Your place or mine?" I think about making Katniss scream in ecstasy all fucking night and giving Finn a taste of his own medicine. "Mine. Definitely mine." She grins and grabs my hand, pulling me through the crowd until we make it outside. She calls a cab, and when it arrives, we slide into the back seat. We make out the whole ride back to my place, and all I can think about is how good she tastes, how fucking hard she is making me, how I can't wait to be inside her. When we finally get back to my apartment, I open the front door in a rush, pulling her inside quickly. I glance around the darkened living room only to find it empty. Oh well. Doesn't mean I still don't get to fuck her senseless. When I drag her into my room and shut the door, I stand behind her and let my hands wander. I suck the skin of her neck as one hand palms her breast and the other slides up and under her dress, trailing the skin of her inner thigh before I find how wet her panties are. "Oh god..." she whimpers, circling her hips in response to my movements. She turns around in my arms and we attack each other, licking and sucking and biting. My hands travel down to squeeze her ass and pull her against my erection. "Fuck, you are a really, really good kisser," she pants when we break away for air. I laugh. "Hmm…hopefully that's not all you think I'm good at." "Oh god, I want your mouth on me really bad," she says, pushing me down so I'm sitting on the edge of my bed, "but right now I just want to fuck you." She steps back and strips off her dress, revealing a pair of orange lace panties that make me grin. Of all the colors she could be wearing, it's my favorite color and just the right shade too. Seems like a good sign considering we're total strangers. "Take your pants off," she instructs me as she moves to my nightstand and grabs a condom. A girl in charge; I like that. I'm sitting on the edge of my bed, my jeans and boxers pushed down to my ankles with my shirt still on and my dick hard as a rock and ready for her. She hands me the condom and stares at my junk, her eyes going wide. "Wow...you uh...you're big." I look up at her with my eyebrows raised, trying to hide a smile. "You think you can handle it?" I challenge her, once I have the condom on. She grins and lowers herself on my lap, straddling my legs and getting comfortable. She reaches down and grabs hold of me, and my mouth falls open in pleasure. "I think I can more than handle it," she whispers is my ear, flicking my dick against her clit, sliding me through her folds so I can feel how ready she is. When she slowly sinks down on me, her hot velvety walls encompassing my length and clouding my mind in pleasure, we both groan simultaneously. She is so fucking tight. I have to take several deep breaths to calm down so I don't lose it right now. "Oh god, fuck yes..." she moans, her hands clutching at my back and dragging through my hair. "Mmm...you're so big. I feel so full." She starts rocking her hips in a circular motion and I start to remove her bra. When it gets thrown to the floor, she moves to pull my shirt off. I watch, transfixed, at the sight of her perfect-sized breasts bouncing up and down as she starts to ride my cock a little faster. I reach out to gently knead them in my hand and she whimpers and thrusts her chest towards me even more. I lean forward to suck on the puckered nipple, and she holds my head against her breast and starts rocking against me even more enthusiastically. I grip onto her hips and begin thrusting into her as fast as I can. "Fuck!" she shouts, leaning forward and biting the flesh of my shoulder to stifle her cries. "You're going to break me in half," she whimpers, her thrusts matching my own in pace and intensity. "Harder!" That single request sends me back to a few nights ago, when Annie requested the same thing from Finnick, when I entertained the idea of trying to connect with someone, not just fucking them senseless. But this girl is a riding my dick like a pro and fucking my brains out. Right now the two of us could more than give Finnick and Annie a run for their money in the wild, passionate sex department. I find her clit and rub hard tight circles over it, and she comes almost immediately. She clenches around me and I explode shortly after, feeling the bliss course through my veins. She collapses against me trying to catch her breath, and once we have both come down from our highs, she pulls back and kisses me hard. "I'm not done with you yet," she grins, slowly moving off me and crawling up the length of my bed. I dispose of the condom and then turn to join her. "Who said I was finished with you?" She laughs and leans against my pillows, letting her legs fall open. Her hand moves down her body, past her flat stomach and between her legs, where she starts rubbing her clit. "That was really fucking good, Peeta," she sighs, closing her eyes. "Now I want to see about that mouth of yours." I crawl up the bed and pull her hand away from her clit. She makes a half-hearted noise of protest, but I kiss her and she