A/N: Well I'm back with a new fic - really didn't see this coming, but when you have a beta and friend as amazing as Court81981 who is always your biggest source of support it's easier to get motivated and want to write :) Thank you dear! Enjoy and let me know what u think! I'm on tumblr ~ thegirlonpeetamellark The first time she met Peeta Mellark she was in her underwear. It was her first night in her new apartment. After a mix-up in the housing office she had suddenly found herself without a place to live two days before school started. Desperate, she had done something she probably shouldn't have. She had reached out to the only person she knew who lived off campus and who she was semi-friends with. "You want to live here?" Rye Mellark's eyes had widened with delight, unable to keep the grin off his face. "I kind of don't have a choice," she had shrugged, already getting a bad feeling about it. "Well, you're in luck, Everdeen. We were actually looking for a third roommate since our other roommate just bailed on us." "We?" "Yeah, my older brother Peeta lives here." He had eyed her up and down, scanning the length of her body in a way that made her uncomfortable. "How much a month for rent?" she had asked, trying to keep him focused. "I'm sure we can come to an arrangement," he had smirked and she couldn't help but to roll her eyes. "Rye, we need to get something clear if I'm going to live here," she had begun, steeling her resolve. "You're my friend. That's it. I'm sorry, but I just don't like you like that." His face had sobered immediately and she had instantly felt bad. She had never quite been so direct and brutally honest about it. Having had some classes together as freshmen, they had become decent friends over the years. But Rye never tried to hide the fact that he had a thing for her. And it wasn't just harmless flirting. She saw the way he got when she talked to other guys and the way he would really look at her when he thought she wasn't looking. She never led him on, but a part of her still felt bad for not being able to return his feelings. He had exhaled, looking at her with resigned acceptance. "Fine, I'm not going to keep pining after something that isn't there." He had tried to come across unaffected, but she could see the hurt in his eyes. "You're lucky I like you, Everdeen," he had added, smiling again. "And that I'm not one of those guys who bitches about being friend-zoned. I just don't do it for you. A bit hard to swallow with my pride and all..." "Yeah, and your ego," she had laughed, pushing him on the shoulder. "But that doesn't mean I'm completely no longer interested in your company. And if we become roommates we'll be seeing a whole lot of each other," he had said with a grin. "Shut up and help me with my shit," she had countered. And then she was living with him. And his older brother, though she had yet to meet this older brother by the time they had moved all her things into her new room, ordered pizza for dinner, and then retired for the night. So it wasn't until well past midnight when she finally put down her Kindle and decided she would brush her teeth that she ran into Peeta Mellark. Literally ran into him. Wearing only her underwear and a loose t-shirt. "Oh my god," she gasped, bouncing off a solid chest in the dark hallway outside her room that led to the bathroom. "I'm so sorry." It was dark, so she couldn't really see him that well, but she could definitely feel him. His hand automatically went to her hip to steady her, and his touch against the thin t-shirt she was wearing got her heart beating at a frantic pace. She realized then that she was only wearing a bright pink pair of boyshorts with her thin cotton t-shirt, and nothing else. She crossed her arms in front of her chest, hoping to preserve some modesty. The person who she had run into took a step toward the bathroom they had both been walking towards and flipped on the switch, allowing them to see one another. Her breath caught. Rye's older brother, Peeta, was fair skinned and broad shouldered and just a bit taller than her. She could see the resemblance with Rye, but all she could focus on were the things that made them different. Peeta's jaw was more defined, his hair was wavy and medium length instead of short and straight, and his shoulders and arms were stronger and definitely bigger. She swallowed back her nerves and mumbled a quiet 'hello.' He looked her up and down once, no emotion playing across his face. "Rye has a bathroom in his room," he said flatly, "you should probably use that one." Her eyebrows pinched in confusion as he continued, "And he probably wouldn't be thrilled about me seeing you in your underwear, so let's keep this between us." Her face flushed in embarrassment before realization washed over her: He thought she was some random hookup of Rye's. "Oh, um, no," she cleared her throat, summoning some confidence to talk to him, in her underwear, like it was no big deal. "I actually moved in today. I was desperate for a place and he said you guys had a spare third room." He folded his arms in front of his chest, emphasizing the size of his muscles that were being hugged by his white tank top. She realized he was also in his underwear—black briefs—and she had to look away before she started staring. "So you live here now?" "Yup," she offered him a tight smile, not sure if he was thrilled with the idea. "What's your name?" "Katniss Everdeen." He made a scoffing sound in the back of his throat, leaning back against the wall, like he didn't believe her. "You mean the girl my brother has had a thing for since freshman year?" She tried not to roll her eyes. "We're friends. We've always only been friends. I made that clear to him before I decided to move in," she explained, for some reason feeling like it was important that he understood she didn't return his brother's feelings. "Yeah, and I'm sure he's over you just like that," he replied sarcastically. "That's going to make these living arrangements just perfect." She bristled, feeling annoyed that he was annoyed. "Look, I'm sorry but I really needed a place to stay. I studied abroad last semester and I was planning on living on campus for the rest of the year, but there was a mix-up. Do you not want me to be here?" He softened a bit; she could see how his features relaxed in the harsh light coming from the bathroom, but his words were still curt. "It doesn't matter if I want you here. You already moved in and I'm not about to kick you out." "Gee thanks," she grumbled. "I just hope you know what you're doing," he added. When he saw the confusion on her face, he continued. "You know, living with a dude who has had a crush on you for years. Maybe he gets that you just want to be friends, but that doesn't mean it's not going to hurt him to be around you all the time. Or if you start bringing your dates home." She blushed, flustered and caught off guard by what his words, which she had to admit had some truth to them. She didn't know how to respond so the first stupid thing she could think of popped out of her mouth. "I don't date." He laughed a little, the sound causing something warm and curious to stir in her chest. She looked up at him with questioning eyes. "Alright. You don't date," he conceded. And then his eyes traveled up and down the length of her body, scanning her from head to toe and making her feel totally and completely exposed. "But walking around in your underwear probably won't do the guy any favors, so maybe investing in some actual pajamas wouldn't hurt." She felt the heat crawl up her neck and she looked away, trying not to let him see how he affected her. "I'll do that," she mumbled, trying to will her blush away. "So we, um...share this bathroom?" she asked when she had composed herself. "I forgot to ask." "Yup," he nodded, pointing to the door across the hall that was right next to hers. "That's my room, and I guess this is our bathroom from now on." "Oh okay, well I was just going to brush my teeth..." she trailed off when he started to strip his tank top off, leaving his chest bare for her eyes. She knew she was gawking at him and she knew she should look away, but she just...couldn't. Her mouth actually went dry at the sight of his naked torso before her. "No problem, I was just going to hop in the shower," he said casually, like he had no idea what he was doing to her. "I'll brush my teeth too while the water warms up." He moved into the bathroom and turned on the shower. She followed him dumbly and started to brush her teeth on autopilot, staring down at the counter. She saw him out of the corner of her eye start to brush his teeth alongside her, glancing over at her every once and a while. When she finished she spit and rinsed her mouth out before looking over at him awkwardly. "Um, okay, uh night..." His hands went to the waistband of his briefs, ready to tug them to the floor. "Night," he replied simply. Her eyes widened, and she turned and fled the bathroom, closing the door behind her. When she was finally back in the safety of her room she realized her heart was pounding in her chest. It took her a long time to recognize what she was feeling, and when she finally did she groaned and rolled over on her side, burying her face in her hands. She had never felt it before to this degree: the way her heart beat sped up and a flush came over her, how her chest tightened and something tugged low and deep in her stomach. She closed her eyes and saw his perfectly chiseled face and then imagined those boxers of his falling to the floor before he got in the shower. The last thing she needed was to be attracted to Rye Mellark's older brother. But she had a feeling it was already too late. She didn't see him in the morning, but when she got home from class that evening he was sitting next to Rye on the couch in the living room, watching the game. "Well hello, roomie," Rye greeted her as she put her things down. "Hey," she returned, her eyes briefly flicking to Peeta, who watched her as he took a sip of his beer. "Peeta tells me you two already became acquainted last night." She tried not to show any emotion on her face as the thought of him sharing their encounter in their underwear crossed her mind. Luckily she was spared from having to respond when Peeta spoke up. "Would have been nice to have had some heads up before we practically ran into each other in the hallway." "I knew you'd be home late," Rye protests. "I wanted to make the introductions myself in the morning." "It's fine," she interrupted them, "I want to order Chinese for dinner. Do you guys want some?" After ordering the food and going back to her room to change and