A/N: Written for S2SL back in February. Thank you Streetlightlove for putting that together and raising money for such a good cause. Thank you Court81981 for being an amazing beta and friend. And thank you to anyone who has ever read or reviewed or followed my stories - I don't want to say never, but most likely my fic writing days are behind me. I've had such a great experience in this fandom. I will always love everlark and look back on this time fondly. I'm on tumblr ~ thegirlonpeetamellark ;) When he opened the door, her breath caught. She wasn't sure what she was expecting, but it wasn't this —it wasn't him . Mr. Mellark looked a little older than her own 24 years, maybe in his early thirties—awfully young to have a house this nice. He was fit, with broad shoulders, a narrow waist, and strong arms. He also had the bluest eyes she'd ever seen, the color of the sky on a really pretty day. She thought she saw those eyes travel up and down the length of her body, just once, and quickly enough to make her question if she'd really seen it at all, but then he was all business, opening the door wider and beckoning her inside. "Katniss, right?" She nodded her head and he gave her his first name—Peeta—before he went straight down to business. "You good with electrical wiring?" He didn't ask it in the way most men whose homes she showed up at did—like he was doubtful a woman her size had any clue when it came to home repair. He sounded genuinely curious. She nodded and followed him down a long hallway into a large living room area, with boxes and furniture pushed up against the wall. He explained the configuration he wanted, the wires he needed to run through the wall that would serve everything from a 60' inch flat-screen to a stereo system and video-surveillance monitors. She quirked her head at that and wondered if he was paranoid. He didn't exactly need to be. His home was secluded and hidden away in the hills, at least a couple of miles from the nearest neighbor. She asked him a few questions until she had a clear idea of what he wanted and how she was going to make it happen. "I'll try and be done with the holes I need to drill by tonight. If your family…I don't know if…" she stumbled over her words, suddenly conscious that she had unintentionally pried, wondering about his living situation. Her cheeks flushed, and she cursed under her breath, avoiding his eyes. "I live alone," he said simply, and when she lifted her head to look up at him he was looking right at her, almost through her, it felt like, with the intensity of his gaze. He nodded once and then turned to leave. By the third day, she was almost done. The project was more involved than she had expected. There were so much equipment to consider and she decided to route the wires in different directions along the house, giving it less of a chance to short circuit or for there to be a power surge. With a huff, she stripped off her long-sleeved t-shirt, leaving her in just a tank top that was sticking to her sweaty skin. She glanced out the back door that led to the deck and decided to step outside for some air. The weather was nice, with a gentle breeze that made the heat bearable. She rested her hands against the wooden railing of the deck and took in the beautiful backyard. Steps led down to a pool, and beyond that there was grass and pine trees that blended in with the surrounding forest. She inhaled the familiar scent of the outdoors and let it wash over her. "Lemonade?" She started at the voice from behind, whirling around to find Mr. Mellark pouring her a glass of the cool drink. "Um su-sure, thanks," she stuttered, suddenly aware of her short denim shorts and her low-cut tank top. When he handed it to her, something lurched inside her at the contact of their fingers and she turned away quickly, gulping down the refreshing beverage and returning her gaze to the backyard. He didn't say anything for a long time and the silence started to unnerve her. Usually she embraced the quiet, glad when people didn't just try to talk just for the sake of producing noise, and she was never the most expressive person anyways. But being around him unsettled her and she found herself making conversation. "Your home is beautiful." "Thanks." The stilted conversation made her anxious and she peeked a glance at him from the corner of her eye. He was staring out into the woods, not looking at her. Of course he wasn't. Why would he be looking at her? Just as she was about to announce that she was nearly finished with the project and only had a few things left to do before she would be out of his way, he spoke up. "I have a few more things that need to be done around the house if you're interested. I'll pay you your hourly rate. I figured you'd be more than capable for some basic maintenance and repair, a few home improvement projects, things like that." "Oh um, okay uh…." "Is that alright? I'm not taking you away from any other jobs, am I? I'll double your hourly rate, actually. You do good work." She gawked at the prospect of making twice her normal wage. She couldn't fathom why he was so insistent on hiring her, but she wasn't going to try and change his mind. "Uh yeah, yeah I'll do it," she replied before he could change his mind. "Great, I'll make up a list of things that need to be done," he said, turning without so much as a goodbye. He took the stairs down to his backyard, stripping off his shirt and swinging his arms about lazily before diving into his pool. She watched him for a while, mesmerized by his toned physique and the smooth strokes of his arms cutting through the water as he did laps across the length of the pool. She could feel herself getting flustered at the sight of his body, thinking about how incredibly fit and powerful he was. She pushed those thoughts from her mind and then turned to go back inside to finish her work. "How old are you?" The question startled her. She realized Mr. Mellark had a penchant for sneaking up on her, despite him not having the lightest tread. She was always so engrossed in her work, and she was currently installing new light fixtures in all the upstairs rooms. He gazed at her critically, his expression giving nothing away. He surveyed her with careful precision, his eyes never lingering or wandering somewhere that would give himself away. "24," she answered. Her heart rate always accelerated when he was around. She felt a flush coming over her that made her nervous and unsure. "Why?" "Just curious," he shrugged. "You don't see a lot of women in this field of work." "No, you don't," she agreed with him. It was just a simple fact. "There have been plenty of assholes who have made it clear they don't think I'm qualified to be doing this based on my sex." She let the bitter words escape before she could stop them. "They're morons," he agreed empathetically. The silence lingered and she was afraid the conversation was over. And she didn't want it to be over. She liked talking to him. Definitely liked having his attention, getting to look at him, having him look at her. "How old are you?" "33," he replied, and she could feel his eyes on her, but she turned her attention back to her work. "And umm…you said you live alone…" She wanted to die. She could melt into the floor right there from the embarrassment. How pathetic did she sound? At the same time, she couldn't help it and she wasn't sorry she asked because she wanted to know. And she was even rewarded for her boldness when he answered without making her feel awkward about it. "I'm single," he said, "I work a lot. I inherited a business from my parents who both passed, so that keeps me busy." She softened. "I'm sorry. My father died when I was young and my mother was never the same so I know how that feels…not having…anyone." She turned away, pushing back the emotion and taking a deep breath. "Thanks," he said quietly. He stayed there, watching her work, until he told her he'd be downstairs if she needed anything and disappeared from the room. Two days later he asked her if she wanted to stay for dinner when she was finished with her work. She nodded and smiled and felt the butterflies erupt in her stomach. She wanted to stay cool and calm, but she couldn't help the giddy excitement that burst out at the prospect of being alone with him when she wasn't in the middle of working. She tried to tell herself not to freak out that it probably didn't mean anything, that he just wanted some company to share a meal. The food was amazing. He was a fantastic cook and his hotness factor skyrocketed. She had never had a meal so delicious. But the conversation was polite and formal, simple pleasantries and getting-to-know-you stuff that put a bit of a damper on her spirit. This is fine, she thought. It's nice to just have the company. "Are you seeing anyone?" He asked the question completely out of the blue and her heart lodged in her throat. She struggled to swallow and find her voice for a moment before she could answer. "Um no, no. I'm not seeing anyone." "Huh," he said, and shook his head with what she swore was the first barest hint of a smile she'd seen from him. "You're young and beautiful. How the hell hasn't some guy picked you up yet?" She felt herself smile and blush at his comment, but as the rest of the meal passed with nothing but casual conversation she realized he actually didn't really mean anything by it. Yes, he had complimented her, but clearly his inquiry about her relationship status was just out of curiosity, not out of any real desire or interest in her from his part. It crushed her just a little, but it was nice to know where she stood. When she left that night, she decided to put it out of her mind, thinking she had been crazy to get her hopes up over nothing. It was late on a Friday night. She hadn't seen Peeta around the house all day—he had given her a spare key to get into the house when he wasn't around so she could work. She was just getting her things together when she heard the sound of keys in the lock. Peeta stumbled into the foyer, tossing his jacket and wallet down. "Oh good, you're still here!" He practically shouted the words and she eyed him curiously. His eyes were glazed over and he was looking at her with a crooked smile, the most relaxed she'd ever seen him. "Are you…drunk?" she asked with a laugh. It seemed so out of character for him—the rich, quiet, intense bachelor who lived alone in his mansion in the woods. "Maybe a little," he grinned at her—actually grinned at her. "Don't worry, I took a cab home. I'm drunk, not an idiot." She smiled, reveling in the fact that she got to see him with his guard down, something she was sure that few people ever experienced. "Can I get you a glass of wine?" he offered, making his way towards the kitchen. "Oh um, I was actually just about to go.