A/N: I had a lot of fun writing this so let me know what you think! Written for the Tumblr - Prompts in Panem 7 Day Challenge. The prompt was 'Modern Day'. Go follow me over on Tumblr at at "love is all we really need to survive" (remove spaces) and then put in dot-tumblr-dot-c0m. Freshmen Year I glance over at Madge nervously, she offers me a small smile as we wait for the door to open. I realize how glad I am I asked my new roommate to come with me tonight. I would have felt strange showing up here alone and I guess this is a good way for us to bond. Besides, it wasn't like either one of us really knew anyone else or had any other plans for the first weekend of our college career. Gale finally opens the door, a beer in his hand. "Catnip!" He exclaims, pulling me into his arms. "Hey Gale," I return his hug before pulling away. "This is my roommate, Madge," I tell him and I can't help noticing the way Madge blushes when she shakes his hand. "Ahh fresh meat, just like Katniss," Gale says, inspecting the blonde girl and still not letting go of her hand. "Well, it's lucky you guys know us. Most freshmen are going to that lame on-campus social. You two are going to experience your first college party." I roll my eyes at Gale's attempts to show off. Gale is a junior and he lives off campus with three other guys in a house that's walking distance from our dorms. "Come on, I want you to meet the guys," He tells us,and we follow him into the living room. The room is made up of an old, tattered couch, a futon and several cushioned chairs arranged around a coffee table. On the wall opposite the couch is a huge flat screen TV that is mounted to the wall. There are three boys seated around the room, each with a drink in hand. "Hey guys," Gale announces to the room. "This is Katniss, the girl I grew up with who is basically like my little sister and if any of you assholes gets any ideas I'll will punch you in the dick...hard." "Gale!" I admonish him, rolling my eyes at his overprotective, overbearing ways. "And this is her roommate, Madge," Gale adds like he never even heard me. We wave to the guys as we move towards the couch and chairs to take a seat. "This is Finnick," Gale says, indicating a bronze haired boy that is intimidatingly good looking. "This is Thresh," He continues pointing out a dark skin boy who nods his head in my direction. "And this is Peeta," He finishes, motioning to the blonde hair, blue eyed boy. When he looks at me I feel myself blush and immediately stare at my hands folded in my lap. Slowly people start showing up at the house until there are about 20 or 30 bodies spread throughout the living room and kitchen. I feel a little overwhelmed. Gale has ditched me to talk to some of his friends and there are so many upperclassmen here, I feel like a fish out of water. Madge sits beside me, neither one of us having moved from our original spot where we first sat down. She keeps glancing over at Gale. I look across the room by the stereo system that Finnick and Peeta are gathered around. Peeta catches my eyes across the room and smiles. I feel my stomach do flips. He waves me over to him. I hesitate for a moment. "Umm, I'll be right back," I tell Madge who is still staring at Gale. "Uh yah, sure," she responds, but I'm not sure she really heard me. I make my way through the crowd and get to Peeta. "Hey," I smile nervously, tucking my hair behind my ears. "You want a drink?" He asks, taking a sip from his own red plastic cup. "Uh sure," I reply. I've never drank before. Mainly because I was always focused on making sure Prim was taken care of in high school that the idea of partying and getting drunk every weekend seemed ridiculous to me. Now that I'm in college though I figure it can't hurt to let loose for a change. "Come on, follow me," he says. He makes me a rum and coke and I don't even finish half of it before I realize I'm drunk. I meander through the house dumbly, a stupid grin on my face. I find Madge and throw my arms around her. "I'm soooo glad you came tonight!" I exclaim. "Oh my god, me too!" Madge returns, holding her own red plastic cup. "Thank you for inviting me." "I'm soooo happy you're my roommate," I add. I abandon my drink in the kitchen, the small, still sane part of me realizing I'm already at my limit. Later Gale sees me almost trip and fall head first into the carpet and shouts across the room. "God damn it, which one you assholes got Katniss drunk?" He demands. "Calm down, Gale!" I protest. "It's not the end of the world. I'm allowed to get drunk." "Yeah, she's allowed to get drunk," Finnick shows his support. "You're funny," I tell him, pushing my finger against his chest. "You're cute," he returns and I blush and shake my head. After my millionth trip to the bathroom I find myself in a long, narrow hallway in the back of the house alone with Peeta. "How are you doing?" He laughs when he sees me stumble a little. "I'm great!" I giggle, glad that no one is around and that it's just us. I look behind him at the closed door he's standing in front of. I push pass him to reach it, trying to turn the knob. "That would be my room," he explains. "And I like to keep it locked when we have parties like this. You know, so my shit doesn't get stolen." I laugh probably a little too loudly at that. "Can I see?" I plead with him, pouting and using my best puppy dog eyes. I can see him internally debating it in his head. "Alright," he finally concedes, opening the door and letting me in. I walk into the room and inspect his set up. I notice that for a boy's room it's pretty neat and organized. He's still standing by the doorway, holding the door open. He keeps glancing behind him nervously. When I approach him I realize how bold I'm feeling. I grab his hand and pull him into the room. Then I shut the door behind him. He swallows thickly. "What are you doing?" I shrug my shoulders, not really sure what to say to that. I take his hand and pull him over to the edge of his bed. We sit side by side for a moment and I realize he hasn't let go of my hand. When I look up at him we lock eyes and I feel a spark between us. His eyes dart to my lips and I feel myself inching closer. Finally, he breaks the spell and looks away. "Katniss..." he warns, and I don't really know why he's fighting this, whatever this is, but suddenly I need to lie down. I flop back onto the bed. "Talk to me," I say. And so he does. He starts talking about his major and how he met Gale and what he wants to do after he graduates. He tells me about where he grew up and how his family owns a bakery and how his mom is a total bitch. It's amazing really, how easily we connect. I feel like I've known him my whole life. I've never been able to talk to someone like this. I tell him stuff that I would never dream of telling just anybody, let alone a complete stranger. I realize some of it might be the alcohol, but seeing as how I stopped drinking a while ago and it has been slowly starting to fade, I think it's more than that. It's at some point later in the night when we're both laughing hysterically at something I can barely remember that he leans his body over me, his face inches from mine. He looks down at me, as our mirth dies away. "Kiss me," I ask as his hand cups my face. "It's not that I don't want to..." he trails off. It takes me a moment to realize what he's saying. "Gale..." I conclude. "He's one of my best friends," Peeta shrugs. "I just wouldn't feel right doing that to him." I sigh, rolling my eyes and not bothering to try and hide my annoyance. "I'm a big girl, Peeta." I tell him. "I can make my own choices." "I know, I'm sorry," he says, but he still doesn't make any attempt to take things further. And so every time I come over to their house or we meet up at a party it's always like this. I want him and he wants me, but nothing ever happens. We remain in this weird holding pattern of constantly flirting with each other without ever acting on it because Gale is overprotective and Peeta is a loyal friend. Sophomore Year The club is packed. It's hot and the music is pounding and bodies are pushed up against each other on the dance floor. Finally, Madge and I make it through the crowd and spot the boys. My whole body starts to hum with nervous energy, just like it does every time I see Peeta. After a year of getting nowhere you would think I would have just moved on by now. He's clearly never going to break his stupid little oath of loyalty to Gale. He is Saint Peeta. And it frustrates me to no end. But when he smiles at me like that when I walk up beside him it makes me forget everything except how attracted I am to him and how nice and sweet and charming and caring he is. Maybe I'll just have this endless infatuation with him for the rest of time and I'll go to my death bed before anything ever comes from it. He throws an arm around me and walks me over to the bar. I want to scream, 'look Gale doesn't give a shit about us, he's hitting on Madge!', but instead I bite my tongue. He buys me a drink and his eyes never leave my face as we talk, even when several girls that are scandalously dress saunter by him, clearly trying to get his attention. He listens with rapt attention as I complain about my classes and share the stories about the new roommate Madge and I have this year, how she walks around naked like it's no big deal. Somewhere around my second or third drink the club seems to be getting even more packed, so we're pushed closer together among the crowd of bodies. I look up at him, biting my lip and raising my eyebrows suggestively as barely a few inches separate us now. His hand goes to my hip and he pulls me closer. "You wanna dance?" I ask, throwing one arm around his shoulder. "With you? Yes." I grin, taking his hand and leading him out to the dance floor. I navigate my way to the middle of the dance floor, holding Peeta's hand tightly so we don't get separated. I don't stop until we are completely surrounded by a mass of bodies that are moving in rhythm to the pounding music. As we get lost in the crowd I turn around and face him, throwing my arm over his shoulder again. He puts two hands on my hips and pulls me flush against him. We share stupid smiles and I realize he's drunk enough not to care about pretending