A/N: Because canon Everlark were calling my name and they are not represented enough in fic world I feel like. This will be a short multi-chapter story. Thank you to my awesome beta Court81981 for helping out with this - if you aren't reading her stories you are missing out! Find me on tumblr ~ thegirlonpeetamellark Katniss wakes up first. She is immediately aware of several things. She had a perfect, dreamless sleep. She and Peeta are naked and wrapped around each other like vines, arms and legs intertwined. Last night, after making love for the first time, she admitted to Peeta that she loves him. Her heart flutters and tightens in her chest as the full impact of what it all meant hits her again. She feels a tingly, buzzing excitement shoot through her as the memory of Peeta moving inside her hits her with full force. She can't help it as her face flushes and she closes her eyes, still so unsure and inexperienced when it comes to this type of intimacy. Sharing a bed and soft kisses like she and Peeta have been doing for the past couple months is one thing, but last night was something entirely different. She thinks back to the way that it happened, without either of them really talking about it, without either of them really expecting it. He was comforting her from a particularly awful nightmare that had her screaming out in the middle of the night. He was stroking her back and whispering soothing words into her ear. She remembers pulling back to kiss him and just suddenly feeling like she couldn't stop — that she didn't want to stop. That hunger that she had felt once before on the beach consumed her, ignited in the pit of her stomach and then reached up to squeeze at her heart before dropping down to explode between her legs. Suddenly she was pulling at him, wrapping her legs around his waist, whispering his name and pleading for something she didn't quite know how to express. But Peeta knew... He was frantic and a little desperate and as he tugged her clothes off he never stopped worshipping her with his lips. " Katniss..." he whispered when they were both naked, when she could feel his hardness resting against her inner thigh. She could hear the pleading tone in his voice, his desire to do this, his uncertainty if this was happening too fast. In the back of her mind she had a fleeting moment of worry about her skin and her body. Her scars and burns were still not fully healed, and she knew she was too slender, lacking womanly curves. But the way Peeta was looking at her erased any self-doubt in her mind about how she looked. She felt exposed, and it was from more than just being naked with him for the first time. She felt like he was looking at the deepest parts of her, every good and awful thing she had ever done, and accepting her for who she was. She felt like he was seeing her lying beneath him and wanting nothing more than to take her and make her his — to claim her, flaws and all. " Please..." she had whined, raising her hips up to his in offering, begging for him to fill her. She had never let herself feel this way; she had never let herself feel this kind of desire because she knew it was a dangerous road that lead to things like love that she had been determined to avoid. But this was different. She would never have survived the past several months without Peeta by her side. After the war, after losing so much, she never thought she could be whole again. And yet somehow, the boy with the bread had given her hope all over again. Peeta showed her that it could be good again, she could be happy despite all the pain and loss she had endured. It was the little things; him just being by her side, baking her favorite treats, helping her with the book, looking out for her when she knew he was recovering from his own personal demons. They healed together. Before this, they had done nothing more than share a heated make-out session in bed, both a little too unsure, a little too raw from the wounds they were still trying to heal to try anything else. In that moment though she knew it was right; it was what was supposed to happen, what she wanted. " Please..." she repeated, dragging her hands through his curls, pulling his mouth down to connect with hers. He kissed her, tracing her lips with his tongue softly, sucking on her bottom lip. As he tried to position himself she noticed he was having a little bit of difficulty with his leg. He had to put all his weight on his good leg and find a comfortable position for his other one. He got a little flustered and looked up at her with a bashful smile that she returned. Finally, when he was situated, he used one hand to prop himself above her and reached down with his other to grab himself. She spread her legs further to try and make it easier for him as he positioned himself at her opening. She was glad he had found the pills Dr. Aurelius had sent her in the bathroom last week, that she had told him how he had sent her birth control in hopes of regulating her menstrual cycle after all the abuse her body had endured over the years. When she felt the tip of him slide past her wet folds she gasped and clung to his shoulders, burying her head in the crook of his neck. He pushed in a little farther, and her nails dug into his skin. His hand returned to her side, moving himself up above her. She could feel him plant a kiss to her neck and it relaxed her just enough that when his hips moved in one swift motion, sheathing himself inside her entirely, it was just an uncomfortable feeling of being stretched. " Ohhh..." he moaned, and she could feel him shudder above her, could tell how hard it was for him to stay still, to not start pumping away furiously. He started a steady pace, arching his back and pulling back before pushing forward firmly, repeating that motion again and again. With every thrust the discomfort faded away and a pleasant burning sensation kindled between her legs. Her knees fell down to the side and she held on, mesmerized as he continued his sensual assault between her legs. She had never felt so good. Nothing had ever felt this right. She had half been expecting some hesitation or fear or worry about them doing this, but that was far from the case. Peeta being inside her felt like heaven; felt like it was always what was supposed to happen. " Ka..Katniss..." he gasped as his hips started to speed up, jerking erratically and dissolving into shallow, hard thrusts. She held him as he fell apart, his body going tense and then as he shuddered above her. She could feel his warmth inside her, his hard length throbbing hotly. He collapsed against her and she wrapped her arms around him, feeling his heart beating wildly in his chest. He pulled back after a while and looked into her eyes, pushing some sweaty hair away from her face. Her own heartbeat started to pound at the sight of his blue eyes gazing into her soul. He withdrew from her body and rolled to the side but never took his eyes off her. She turned to face him so their faces were inches away from each other, their sweat dampened bodies nearly pressed up against one another. And that's when he asked her. He asked her the question with the answer that she had known for much longer than she would admit, the answer that had always terrified her. But after what they just shared she knew. She knew the depth of her feelings towards Peeta without a doubt. She knew why he was so important to her and why she needed him to survive. So she told him 'Real' and leaned forward to capture his lips in a kiss. His lips lifted against hers, his mouth going wide, smiling at her words through their kiss. He pulled her against him and then dropped his hand between her legs. She gasped as his fingers slipped through her wetness, both at how good it felt and at the fact that Peeta's hands were there . Despite the fact they had just had sex, that he had just been inside her, this gesture felt startlingly new and intimate. Before tonight there were only kisses, and the sex they had just shared was a mutual exploration of an unknown act, but this was Peeta touching her where no one else had ever touched her, where she had never even touched herself, not in this way. This was Peeta pleasuring her. The knowledge — combined with how good it felt when he rubbed a certain spot at the junction of her legs the right way — made her eyes roll to the back of her head. " Peeta!" she cried, scrunching her eyes closed as he dipped a finger inside her and kept his thumb circling that spot. She was grasping onto his arm with a death grip at this point, her hips jerking forward in response to his hand's movements. She had no reservations, no inhibitions of what she was doing or how she was acting; it felt too good to worry about anything else. And then the pleasure was spiking hard and fast. "Oooh...oh!" she shouted as her body tensed up and the feeling between her legs exploded to every part of her, waves of warmth and ecstasy rolling through her as she cried out incoherently. The euphoria was too much. The last thing she remembered was Peeta pulling her against his body before she succumbed to exhaustion and drifted off to a peaceful sleep. She looks at Peeta, sleeping now in the morning light peeking through the window curtain. His face is so calm and peaceful and beautiful. As she watches him, she realizes she loves everything about him: those long golden eyelashes, his pouty, pink lips, the hard line of his jaw and the slight stubble that covers it. So she just can't help herself when she leans forward and kisses him, pressing her lips softly against his. As she pulls back, she sees his eyes flutter open, the sleepy haze fading away as he becomes more awake. Through slitted eyelids he gazes at her and offers her a lopsided grin. "Hey," he whispers, his voice soft and raspy. "Hi," she returns, feeling her cheeks heat. It's a strange mix of excitement and nerves and love and anticipation that overtakes her. His arms go around her waist and he pulls her to him more firmly. She rests her head against his shoulder and tries not to focus on his morning arousal pressing into her stomach. "Thank you..." he whispers, his lips near her ear, "...for last night." Her stomach does a flip and she smiles against his skin. "Do you...regret it?" he asks suddenly, his voice scared and unsure. Her heart pangs as she pulls back to look at him. His face is tight with worry. "Peeta, no..." she assures him, cupping his face with her hand. "I...I meant what I said last night," she explains, swallowing thickly to get the next words out. Her heart starts to thrum faster; saying the actual words — saying them in the light of day is a little daunting — but she knows he deserves to hear them. He deserves to hear them after everything he's been through. And she wants to say