A/N: Hey guys! Wow I can't even tell you how nervous/excited I am to start this story. This is a modern day AU and it's SO different from anything I've ever done before. I really believe that AU stories need to reflect the heart of the original story and characters and so that's what I tried to do here. Also, this story will alternate between Peeta and Katniss' POVS. I'm REALLY interested to hear your thoughts so please leave a review and let me know what you think! I just want to put it out there right now that updates might not be AS frequent as you or I would like them to be. With 'Different Worlds' I was updating at least once a week and kind of forcing myself to write whenever I had free time. I don't think that will produce the best story or my best writing so I'm going to make sure I'm not forcing anything with this story and just letting it happen naturally. Also, I may be writing a collection of smutty one shots in between early posts for this story because I know the inspiration is going to strike eventually lol. Finally, I want to thank my two wonderful, awesome betas who helped me with the planning of this story. I can't thank them enough for the support and encouragement - Court81981 and WickedlyClever (she came up with the title! lol). Oh! and pleeeasse go f ollow me at "love is all we really need to survive" (remove spaces) and then put in dot-tumblr-dot-c0m. I really enjoy sharing sneak peaks of what I'm working on and interacting with my readers over there ;) "Primrose Everdeen!" My hand tightens around Prim's smaller one as I stare at the woman who will be taking her away from me. She stands in the doorway of her home, wearing too much make-up and clothes that are a sickening shade of candy pink. I stand there in a daze for a few moments, taking in her appearance, wondering how she could possibly be related to us and trying to decide whether her hair is actually a wig. I'm broken from my train of thoughts when I feel Prim tugging on my hand, whispering my name. "Katniss..." she urges, looking up at me strangely. I gather myself and offer the woman a weak smile. "Um, hi..." I mumble out. "And you must be Katniss," she smiles at me. "It's so good to finally meet you both." I can't help noticing the odd way she talks, like an old movie star from those black and white films. "I've only seen pictures of you both, but that was years ago when you were much younger." I can only nod my head in response, realizing that my grip on Prim's hand has gotten painfully tight since Effie Trinket opened her front door. I'm not ready to let her go. I'm not ready to say goodbye. I kneel down next to my baby sister who, despite being 14 years old, looks no bigger than 10 with her huge backpack full of all her clothes and other possessions, dwarfing her and making her seem even smaller than usual. I take both her hands in mind and swallow the lump already forming in my throat. "It's going to be okay, Prim," I tell her, trying to convince myself as well. "It's only temporary. Me and you...we'll be together again soon. I promise." Prim smiles that smile that makes my heart ache and throws her arms around me. "I know, Katniss," she whispers into my ear and then plants a kiss on my cheek before pulling back. I get to my feet and turn to face Effie again, who is looking at us with a mixture of pity and understanding. The anger inside me swirls and expands and suddenly I feel like I'm choking on it. It's overwhelming how much I want to scream and cry and take everything out on this woman standing in front of me. It's not fair, I know that, but focusing on my anger, rather then the graveyard of every other emotion - of the despair, grief, sadness, and loneliness - that haunts me day and night, is a lot easier. "Now come on in, darling. Let's get you settled," Effie tells my sister. "I know this is going to be quite a change for you, but I think with the right attitude we can really enjoy one another's company!" Prim, because she is Prim, gives the woman a soft, encouraging smile. I, however, roll my eyes and don't make any attempt to hide it. "Well, what a big, big, big day for the both of you," Effie tries to break the awkward tension after a moment. "I hope to make this as easy as possible for you and Prim, Katniss. I realize this can't be very easy." I ignore her attempt at comforting us though because now that Prim is standing beside her in the doorway of her home and I'm out here on the front step by myself, the desperation and fear is rising in me like a tidal wave. I start fidgeting anxiously, a blind panic taking over. "She likes it when you sing before bed and she's really good about helping with chores. She likes coffee ice cream, but you have to remind her to eat her vegetables." The words spill out of me in one long, deep breath. "Katniss!" Prim exclaims, a slight blush creeping up on her cheeks. I'm sure she's not exactly thrilled with me acting like she's a baby who can't take care of herself, but right now all I can see is my baby sister, my baby sister who is being taken away from me. "Thank you, Katniss, dear," Effie returns. "I promise I'll take good care of her." Before I can do or say anything to stop it, the door to the house is being closed, with Effie and Prim disappearing inside. I'm left standing out on the front step, never feeling as lost and alone as I do in this moment. My father died in a car accident when I was 12 and in the 7 years since then I have felt a lot of anger and betrayal and frustration directed at my mother. My mother, who was too weak to realize she still had two daughters to take care of. My mother, who could only focus on her own pain, rather than the starving faces of her children after it happened. My mother, who took the easy way out and swallowed one too many pain killers 6 weeks ago, joining my father and leaving us here alone. I don't think I have ever been as angry with her as I am right now though. If she had only just changed the will and named me Prim's legal guardian when I turned 18, in the event of something like this, I wouldn't be here today. If she had only taken one moment to think about someone other than herself, I wouldn't be handing Prim over to our only living relative in West Virginia, a woman we never even had any contact with before today. I feel guilty for thinking these awful thoughts about a woman who is dead. But as I walk back to my car without Prim by my side the guilt fades away and the anger takes over. I drive the 30 minutes back home before realizing I'm not going to have time to shower and change before this thing like I wanted to. When I find a spot in the Church parking lot I realize I have a few minutes to kill before it starts. I eat the granola bar and the apple I find in my backseat and try to work up the nerve to actually get out of my car and go inside. This involves a lot of debating with myself over the pros and cons of sucking it up and getting it over with, or driving home right now and blowing the whole thing off. It's a futile argument, I know, because the only reason I have for doing this trumps any pathetic excuse I can come up with for not wanting to. He already told me, if I want Prim back, if I want a chance in hell at being named her legal guardian I have to do this. My mind flashes back to his patronizing, sarcastic attitude the other day. Listen sweetheart, I'm that little girl's social worker, and after looking through your file there is no way in hell I'm putting my ass on the line and vouching for a ticking time bomb like yourself to be named her legal guardian. The judge would laugh in my face. You want her back? Start taking care of yourself first and prove you're trying to get better. I scoff at the notion that I need to "get better". I may be a twisted ball of misery and anguish - a complete, emotional fucking mess - but that doesn't mean I can't take care of my sister. I've been taking care of my sister since our father died. My mother lived a sort of half life for years and even when she finally did come back to us she would still have her moments, times when I would come home to find her passed out from one too many glasses of wine or prescription pain killers. I knew since that time right after my father's death when we nearly died of starvation that I could never trust her again. And I didn't. I took charge of caring for Prim and I'd like to think I've been doing a pretty decent job of it ever since. Everything was fine until our mother died and the will was read and suddenly people were telling me that Prim had to go live with some relative we had only vaguely heard of in passing conversation before. I still remember the feeling of lead in my stomach when they said Prim had to go live with my mother's second cousin, apparently the only member of her family who didn't completely shun her after she ran off to marry my father. So here I am. Forced into this because I will do whatever it takes to get Prim back. And apparently whatever it takes includes suffering three times a week for an hour of this bull shit that I don't want or need. It's 4:58pm when I finally force myself out of the car, walking across the parking lot like I'm headed for my own execution. I keep my head down and avoid other people's eyes, already hating the heat creeping up the back of my neck, the embarrassment I feel to be here. I walk up the front stairs of the Church and in the lobby I go right, following the directions I remember. There is a steep set of stairs and at the bottom a long hallway. At the end of the hallway there is a single door. I take a deep breath and force myself to go inside. The room is bright. The kind of fake brightness that can only come from fluorescent lights. There are about 10 chairs set up in a circle and a table along the edge of the room with punch and cookies. People are lingering around, talking quietly among themselves, but everyone's eyes flicker towards me when I come in the room. I stare at the ground and then move off to the side. I pull my phone out of my purse and pretend that I have many missed calls and messages to attend to. When I let my eyes peek up from my phone I inspect the people around the room. There are only two girls about my age, one with short brown hair that accentuates her sharp features, and another with long, dark hair who looks a little dazed and