A/N: Just a fun little one shot I wrote up for the Tumblr: Prompts in Panem 'Holiday' Challenge hosted by the seriously amazing Jessa (misshoneywell) She does so much for the fandom AND she always gives me great book recs :) win-win! Thank you to the AMAZING Court81981 for all her help and guidance with this and for beta'ing it in record time! :) I'm on tumblr ~ thegirlonpeetamellark :) "Peeta, please?" "No." "Pleeeeease?" "Katniss, I said no," he grumbles, shifting his foot on the coffee table so that he is more comfortable. Although it's hard to find a comfortable position with his lower leg in a bulky cast. He broke his ankle and femur bone a couple weeks ago playing soccer with Finnick and the guys, and he's been in this awful cast ever since. Technically he has a walking boot that he can use to get around so he doesn't have to use crutches, but he still feels awkward and hindered by the stupid thing. "It's not like you'd have to be standing around the whole night," Katniss whines from her spot next to him on the couch. She drops a hand down to his thigh and rubs him there soothingly, inching her palm dangerously high up his leg. She knows she's not fighting fair. "We can find a nice little corner and get you a seat and we can make out the whole time," she insists. "Katniss, we can do that here!" Peeta bursts out, beyond frustrated. "Why do we have to go to some stupid New Year's Eve party where we won't know most of the people there? I don't want to try and get dressed up with this stupid thing," he gestures to his cast. "I don't want to spend the night limping around like an idiot and preventing everyone else from enjoying themselves." Katniss huffs and sits back, crossing her arms in annoyance. "You're being so whiny. Why can't you just suck it up for one damn night and come with me? Are you really going to make me be the fifth wheel with Finnick and Annie, and Madge and Gale?" "Why are you so insistent on going?" he counters. "It's going to be a bunch of rich assholes eyeing you the whole night. I don't see the appeal of it." "It's New Year's Eve!" Katniss exclaims. "It's the one night a year where we can get dressed up and go somewhere nice." Peeta feels a stab of something in his chest, and a shadow crosses his face as he looks away from her. He has to work to control his breathing to try and keep his cool. "Well, I'm sorry that you feel like we never go anywhere nice. I've explained to you that I'm trying to save right now so I can finish paying off my student loans and we can move in together." His voice shakes as anger and hurt and insecurity wash over him. "If going to some party is really so important to you, then be my guest." "I didn't mean it like that, and you know it!" Katniss responds, and he can hear the tremble in her voice. He knows that if he were to look at her right now that he would see the unshed tears in her eyes. Peeta shrugs and carefully refuses to meet her eyes. "Whatever. You should go. Don't let me hold you back." "Peeta..." she whispers, her hand reaching out to touch his arm gently. The embarrassment and pain and overall depression that have seemed to settle over him at Katniss' comment, however, are too much to shake off. Logically, he knows she didn't mean anything by it. Katniss is not the kind of girl that wants to go out all the time and have extravagant amounts of money spent on her. But the remark hit something too close to home. It hit on everything he has always felt to a certain degree with her and even more so lately. She is perfect. She is beautiful and funny and strong. She is sexy and sweet and loving. She is everything. And somehow he got her. She is his, and most days he has to pinch himself to really believe that fact. And in the back of his mind there has always been the nagging doubt and insecurity about why she's with him. Why does she love him? Why is she with a 26-year-old teacher who still has to work at his father's bakery part-time to help pay the bills? He can't give her what she wants. He can't give her the moon and the stars. He knows she wouldn't ask for them, but it's what she deserves. And it's this pain and self-loathing that makes him brush off her touch coldly. "Go have fun tonight, Katniss. Don't worry about me." He hears her sigh sadly, and he has to close his eyes when she leans forward to place a kiss on his cheek. Her touch, her warmth, the smell of her is overwhelming, and he nearly breaks down right there and then and changes his mind. "I love you," she whispers in his ear. He can only force the words out past the lump in his throat after she has grabbed her purse and walked out the door. "Love you too." He spends the next several hours lying in his bed and staring up at the ceiling. As much as he wants to forget everything and just bite the bullet and go tonight, he can't. Something is holding him back, stopping him from getting over his pride and accompanying his gorgeous girlfriend out for a night on the town. He grits his teeth as he remembers that this stupid fucking party was Gale's idea. Gale had brought it up weeks ago before he had even broke his leg and Madge, Annie and Katniss were all on board right away. He was surprised that Katniss was so intent on going, but she dropped subtle hints that she wanted to see him all dressed up. And it's not like he has a lot of reasons to dress up all the time with his teaching job. He remembers his annoyance and the sinking feeling in his stomach when he realized that meant that his plans would no longer be an option. He couldn't very well ask Katniss to opt out from a fancy party at a 5-star hotel when the alternative was seemingly nothing more than a simple night in with him, something they did all the time. He hears the door open and the sound of his roommate and his girlfriend walking into the apartment. Finnick's head pops around his door. "Hey buddy, Annie is going to make us some grub before tonight. You're still coming right?" Peeta sighs and shakes his head despondently. "Nah, man I'm just going to stay in tonight. This cast is too much a pain in the ass." "Ah, I don' blame you," Finnick laughs. "You and Katniss are going to have way more fun here than at this stupid party. Just remember the 'no fucking on the living room couch' rule that we both agreed to." "Uh, actually Katniss is still going to go," he explains with regret. "Oh. Really?" Finnick asks, clearly surprised. "Oh, okay then, well uh...I'll take care of your girl then, make sure no one gets too friendly." "Thanks man," Peeta replies, a sinking feeling in his stomach when he thinks about how many guys are going to be hitting on Katniss tonight. She'll be alone, and she's gorgeous. They'll assume she's not taken and they'll be lining up just to talk to her. He grabs his pillow and chucks it across the room in frustration. A little later he is out in the living room after being coaxed into coming out of his room to eat the pasta dish Annie prepared for the three of them. The food and the company make him feel a little better, gets his mind off everything for a while. Annie disappears to start getting ready for the night, and a little while later there is a knock at the door. Finnick answers the door to reveal Gale, Madge, and Katniss. He gets to his feet, and for a moment, nothing else in the world exists except Katniss. She is breathtaking. Her hair is down in waves, her lips glossed, and her eyes rimmed with thin black to highlight those beautiful grey irises. She's wearing his favorite color, a peachy orange dress that clings to every curve and makes him want to drag her into his room right this minute and have his way with her. She approaches him with a sad smile. "Hi." "Hey, you look gorgeous," he says, wrapping an arm around her waist and pulling her towards him. She winds her arms around his neck and rests her head against his chest. "Are you sure you don't want to come?" she asks when she pulls back to look up at him. "It's not too late." He looks away as his stomach twists uncomfortably. He hates this. He hates seeing that look of disappointment on her face. But his ego is still wounded from earlier, and he is still drowning in self-pity. He doesn't say anything in response, so she sighs unhappily and moves away from him. The rest of the time passes quickly before they leave for the party. The girls debate what shoes Annie should wear with her dress, and how she should wear her hair. Finnick hands out flutes of champagne and then demands everyone take at least one shot of vodka before leaving, although Peeta adamantly refuses since he's not going out tonight. Gale brags about the people he knows at work that got him an invite to this party and Peeta tries not to roll his eyes. Pretty soon the two couples and Katniss are gathering their things and making their way out the door, where a cab is waiting for them down on the street. Peeta sees the hesitant, unhappy look in Katniss' eyes, and he pulls her to the side before she goes. "Hey, have fun tonight, okay?" She pouts at him, and he can see that she's trying not to show how much this upsets her. "I love you," she whispers before joining their lips in a steamy, passionate kiss. He strokes her tongue with his own and clutches at her hips, pulling her close to him. They break away, breathing heavily and resting their foreheads against each other. "Did you um..." Katniss begins. "Did you uh—I know Annie said that she and Finnick were going to go back to her place, so um, did you want me—?" He cuts her off by kissing her again, dropping a hand down to palm her ass and pulling her against his hard-on. "Yes, I want you to come back here tonight," he says gruffly, the thought of not sleeping with her in his arms, of not making love to her tonight, is unacceptable. They part ways at the door, holding hands as long as possible, until she has to let go and join the rest of the group making their way towards the elevators. He closes the door behind him and turns to face an empty apartment, already regretting his decision. By ten o'clock he is antsy and frustrated and upset. He flips through the channels on the TV, searching in vain for something to distract him from his thoughts of Katniss. The worst part is that if he didn't have this damn cast on, he would probably go down to the gym on the main floor of their apartment building and hop on the treadmill for a half an hour to burn off some steam. But if he didn't have this damn cast on, he would also probably be at the party with Katniss right now. He closes his eyes and feels a stab of anger and regret when