A/N: Something I cooked up for Day 5 of the Prompts In Panem challenge over on Tumblr hosted by the lovely Jessa (misshoneywell). Thank you Mrs. Peetaspenis for everything you do for the Everlark fan fic community haha :) The day's theme was 'intimate moments' and I based this piece off the picture of the naked girl at the window. Thank you to Court81981 for beta'ing this for me super fast and HGRomance for providing me with feedback. I'm really lucky to have you two lovely ladies in my corner. Enjoy and come follow me on tumblr! (thegirlonpeetamellark dot tumblr dot com) Peeta Mellark didn't have a lot of friends. Actually, to be more accurate, Peeta Mellark had plenty of friends. He just didn't have many people who he was actually close to. At 28, he lived alone in a home he had recently bought with the money saved from working full time since graduating from college. He loved the house on the quiet street that was a mix of modern and old -fashioned. He loved that he could busy himself with home improvement tasks on the weekends, something to distract him from the lack of any closeness or intimacy with others in his life. And he probably would have continued his somewhat loner ways if it wasn't for his neighbor. Mr. Everdeen had just moved in next door. He was a recent widower - his wife succumbing to cancer after several years of fighting - who sold his old home and looked for someplace quiet where he could heal and not constantly be reminded of the painful memories of his loss. Peeta brought over some cheese buns the first weekend the older man moved in, and they became instant friends. They probably got along so well because both men were quiet and didn't ask many questions and didn't mind the others company. Peeta began helping Mr. Everdeen with his own home improvement projects since he had just about fixed everything over at his own house. It was one day in early summer. Peeta was working on replacing the light fixture in one of the spare rooms. When he thinks back to it, he realizes that Mr. Everdeen had indeed informed him exactly why he wanted the light fixed in that room. He wanted it fixed because his oldest daughter was graduating from college and moving home to live with him, and it would be her bedroom. He really wishes he had remembered that tiny little detail, that he hadn't just let it drift in one ear and out the other. Maybe if he had, he would have been able to keep it together a little better when he came face to face with that daughter. He was standing on a ladder, a screwdriver in one hand as he inspected the light fixture in question. The door swung open and there she was. Dark hair, grey eyes, olive skin. She was dressed in workout gear and had a gym bag over her shoulder, which she dropped to the ground. "Who are you?" She eyed him curiously, part surprised by his presence and part...intrigued? Was he reading her right? "I...umm...uhh...I live next door. I'm helping your dad with some home improvement stuff," he managed to get out, feeling flustered. "My name's Peeta." He scratched the back of his neck nervously, not quite meeting her eyes. Something about her intimidated him. She made a noise of assent and nodded her head, her eyes trailing up and down his form. He could feel himself flush. He was suddenly very aware that they were alone in her room together. They were the only two people in the entire house as Mr. Everdeen was spending the day running errands. "Well, thanks for helping out, Peeta" she said with a wry smile. She reached down and peeled her tank top up and over her head, leaving her in nothing but a sports bra. He was vaguely aware of his mouth hanging open as she sauntered over to the bathroom. "I need to shower," she told him over her shoulder, shooting him a look that made his blood run hot. She didn't wink at him. She didn't even smile. It was something in the intensity of her eyes, though, that had his cock twitching. She dropped her shorts to the ground until they pooled around her ankles where she kicked them aside haphazardly. He was left with the view of her tight, perky 22-year-old ass in a barely-there thong. It wasn't the worst thing he had ever seen. She turned around, and it took him several moments to drag his gaze up her body to meet her eyes. "I'm Katniss," she said with a smile before closing the door. That was the first time Katniss had teased him and made his cock throb with desire, but it definitely wasn't the last. A week later, it was well past midnight when he woke, thinking he heard someone in his backyard, the soft whooshing sounds of a body gliding through water audible. As he approached his bedroom window, he turned on the light to give him a better view. And there she was. Swimming naked in his pool. She turned toward the house when the light went on, and when she spotted him in the window she blew him a kiss. He stood there, frozen, torn between wanting to continue watching her and knowing that this wasn't right. She was his grieving neighbor's daughter. She was six years younger than him. She was... She was getting out of his pool, naked and dripping wet. There was no towel in sight. She rung out her hair, squeezing the water from her dark locks. He couldn't move, he couldn't breathe, he couldn't tear his eyes away from her. She looked up at him in the window with her hands on her hips. His cock was painfully hard. She finally laughed and shook her head a little and then sauntered back over towards her own house next door, disappearing into the dark. He came thinking of her dusky nipples and her tiny waist and the dark hair between her legs. Being around her was like playing with fire. He knew he would eventually get burned, that it would blow up in his face, that it would end in catastrophe, but he found it harder and harder to care. He only managed to show some self restraint when Mr. Everdeen was present. He wanted to respect the man who had somehow become one of the few people in his life he was close to and actually cared about. He saw him and saw the heartache of his loss on his face, and he couldn't fathom doing anything that would be disrespectful. And fucking the man's daughter as hard as he wanted to felt like it fell into that category. He should be able to control himself. He shouldn't want her so badly. But he did. And she knew it. It was during dinner one night at the Everdeens' house. Peeta had been more or less strong-armed into staying for dinner since he was over late fixing a dripping faucet. She sat close to him, her eyes traveling over his form, a secret, amused smirk gracing her lips. She could look at him as much as she wanted. She could study him and laugh and smile without worry. He, however, avoided her eyes and kept his gaze down. He feared that looking at her would give himself away. That Mr. Everdeen would pick up on the lust in his eyes, or that the feral need raging inside him to make her his would be glaringly obvious. There was a lull in the conversation when he felt her slip her hand into his under the table. He stiffened at first but didn't pull away. And then, before he could even consider it, she dragged his hand between her legs and up under her skirt. She pressed his first two fingers to the wet, warm heat of her panties. He bit down hard on his bottom lip and hated himself when he didn't pull away immediately. Instead, he pushed his fingers against her folds, and she made a little gasping sound. He had the glass of water in his other hand in a death grip, and he finally managed to retract his hand from between her legs. He didn't say anything the rest of dinner, furious with himself for being so weak. Afterwards, as they were all helping clean up in the kitchen, Mr. Everdeen disappeared down the hall to use the restroom. The moment he heard the door close he turned on her, grabbing her arms and pining her against the wall. "What the hell are you doing?" he growled. "Don't you want me?" she asked, appearing genuinely hurt. He wasn't prepared to see the vulnerability there, the look in her eyes that told him that she really had no idea the effect she could have. She looked sad, like she might start crying if he told her he didn't want anything to do with her. And that was far from the case. "I'm sorry," she whispered, her eyes actually beginning to glisten with tears. He realized in that moment that she was lost and probably alone like him. "I'm sorry," she repeated, "my mom's gone, my sister goes to school on the other side of the country, my best friend from childhood has a new girlfriend now and doesn't have time for me anymore. I'm just...sorry." "Why are you fucking with me?" he asked, forcing himself to ask the question before he broke down and gathered her in his arms to soothe her. She at least had the decency not to deny it. "I want you," she said simply with a shrug of her shoulders. "I want you to fuck me senseless and help me forget." He turned away, unable to look in her eyes anymore. The truth was he wanted her to. He wanted to fuck her repeatedly, wanted to make her scream his name. "We would be so good together," she insisted, and he felt a shiver go through him at her words because he knew she was right. As Mr. Everdeen returned from down the hall, Peeta made some half-hearted excuse to leave and returned to his house. He wasn't sure how much longer he could deny himself from being with her. "You know, most guys would have just fucked me already," she said one afternoon from her spot on her bed as he was replacing the blinds in her room with new wooden shutters. Mr. Everdeen kept insisting he pay him for his time, but he refused. He enjoyed doing this work. And it didn't hurt he got to spend time with Katniss. She had tone down her advances in the several weeks since that dinner. She still sauntered around in her bra and panties from time to time, but she never outright came onto him. It wasn't exactly something he was glad for, but it definitely made it easier for him to think clearly around her. They talked. He told her about his job and his childhood, the verbally abusive mother and the two older brothers he could never live up to. She told him about her sister, Prim, and her mom's battle with breast cancer. She told him about Gale, the friend who she had known all her life, who now spent all his time with his girlfriend, Madge. He liked her. She was honest and funny and passionate about the people she loved. She gave all the money she had saved from working the past few years to her sister to help with her college tuition. She gave up a job offer to move home after college so she could be with her dad as he tried to cope with her mother's passing. "I guess I'm not most guys then," he replied to her assertion, his back