I. Love Annabeth is in charge of the household for the day. Percy, usually the stay-at-home parent, went out on a man-day with Jason, Frank, and Leo, while Annabeth had a day off from her job, so she decided to watch the kids. Her work (redesigning Olympus, designing all the new cabins for Camp Half-Blood, just a lot of designing) is very demanding, and it doesn't leave too much time for family. She sees them, yes, but not as much as she wants to. The day had been great so far. They all sat and watched everyone's favorite movies–which was quite the feat, because all four of the children had inherited their parents ADHD. She and her oldest two, the twins Robert (aka Bob) and Damasen (aka DJ), played a brain game, she threw the ball around with Atalanta (aka Lannie), and then she read Luca's (aka Luke) favorite story to her. All three-hundred-and-twenty-three pages of it. After that, Will and Nico's twins, Bianca and Michael, came over. (Nico and Will had bought the twin's eggs from a daughter of Demeter, not being able to conceive all by themselves. They're half-siblings, Bianca being Will's biological daughter, and Michael being Nico's biological son. Out of respect for their husbands, Nico named Michael after Will's fallen brother Michael Yew, and Will named Bianca after Nico's deceased sister Bianca di Angelo.) The di Angelos were always a blast to have. It was a blast to have any of Annabeth and Percy's friend's children over. But, a little before dinner, they have to leave. "See you later, Ms. Chase-Jackson," Bianca says after saying the rest of her goodbyes, the fourteen-year-old grinning at the older woman. "Goodbye, Ms. C-J!" Michael says. She hears Luca squealing. "And we're taking this one with us!" She cranes her neck to see that he had thrown Luca over his shoulder. "Okay. Have fun," she states, absentmindedly, like she didn't really notice. But she can't keep the small grin off her face. "What?! No! Mom! Momma!" Luca cries, even though she knows Michael is joking. Probably. He puts her down with a chuckle and ruffles her boy-cut curly blond hair. "Goodbye!" Bianca says once again. "Bobby, DJ, walk our guests out, please," Annabeth requests. The four of them all head outside, and, Annabeth glances at them through the window next to the door. Bianca waves goodbye one last time before closing her eyes in concentration and disappearing in a flash of light. (After seeing her brother and Nico shadow-travel, she developed a new power she calls light-travel. It works just like shadow-traveling, but, well, in light .) Damasen comes back inside, while Robert and Michael stand outside on the driveway for a bit longer, chatting with goofy grins. "Can you three set the table for me?" Annabeth asks. She takes the first couple of blue pancakes off the pan and places them on a plate before putting more batter on. "Of course!" Atalanta says, giving a toothy grin. She's two years younger than her brothers at twelve years old. She, Luca, and Damasen all get to work. Robert comes back in, smiling at his shoes, after they finish. Luca sits at the table, eyes glazing over a book, while Atalanta tries sneaking some of the batter. She fails, and Annabeth sends her to sit at the table. The twins take their seats, too. "Are you and Michael together yet, Bobby?" she drops casually, pressing her spatula into a pancake. Almost ready. Robert sputters, ears and face burning bright red. "Wh-what? No! I mean, we-we don't like each other that way…" "Oh, please, sweetheart; I'm your mother. Of course I know when my baby likes someone." She plates the pancake. "I'm also a daughter of Athena. Who's best friend is a daughter of Aphrodite. Don't underestimate me." "I saw your notes!" Atalanta pipes up. "They were all filled with Mr. and Mr. Michael di Angelo. I've got to say that the hearts were a nice touch, too." "You looked in my notebook?!" Robert demands. She nods, making a mock kissy-face and mouthing Bobby and Michael, sitting in a tree . All the glasses on the table start to shake, water spilling on the dark wood. "Hey!" Annabeth snaps, pointing her spatula at them. "Cut it out! We've already had to have the plumbing repaired four times in this house! This month alone !" Uncurling his fists, Robert takes a deep breath and the cups stop shaking. "And you, Atalanta, don't look in your brother's stuff," she lectures, turning her attention to her black-haired daughter. "What if DJ or Luke looked in your notes and saw all of your Mrs. Lloyd Hughes scribbled all over the pages?" Luca looks up from her book, sea-green eyes glinting as she giggles. "You have a crush on Lloyd Hughes?" It's Atalanta's turn to blush. She smacks her palm against the table. "We're getting off topic here! We're focusing on Bobby's love life, not mine!" "There's no need to focus on mine," Robert mutters. "Michael doesn't like me back." "You're so oblivious," Damasen informs him. The girls nod in agreement. "Do you really think it's a coincidence that you've been 'running into' him almost every day for the past two weeks?" Robert purses his lips, not seeming to get where his twin is coming from. "Well, yeah. What else would it be?" "Dude, he asked me for your schedule," Damasen deadpans. "He's probably shadow-traveling to some dark corner and coming out when he spots you and 'accidently' steps on your toes," Atalanta states all in one breath, nodding. Robert scrunches up his nose. "You made that sound…creepy, almost. Like he's stalking me from dark corners." Waving her hand dismissively, she takes a sip of water. "Whatever." She places it down and fixes him with her sea-green gaze. "The point is, you need to ask Michael out." "Aww," Luca coos softly. "You want him to be happy. I want you guys to be happy, too." "Of course not." She scoffs. "We're so close to having the Jackson 5 . All we need is a Michael, which you'll bring in by dating him, and we'll be golden ." Robert gives her a dry look, so much like their mother's in color and style. "You're a Seaweed Brain." "Well, at least I'm not an oblivious Seaweed Brain like you, Bob !" ; "Who are you two gonna ask to the Sadie's Hawkins' dance?" Damasen questions over dinner, looking at his younger sisters. "Me, Esperanza, and Cleta are going to crash it," Atalanta answers simply. "Esperanza, Cleta, and I ," Annabeth corrects. "Yeah. Right. That." Rolling her eyes at her mother's antics, she hits Luca in the arm. "The real question is if you're gonna man up and ask Rowan Zhang to the dance." "What?" The ten-year-old looks up, genuinely surprised. A short–like the rest of her hair–blond curl falls in-between her eyes. "Oh, come on , Luke!" she exclaims. Then, she nudges her little-by-three-years sister's shoulder, waggling her eyebrows. "We all know that you're crushing on him." "I…am?" It comes out as a question. Percy and Annabeth both chuckle, and their youngest looks up at them, even more confused. "What?" she asks. "Seems like you got a, what I call, a Jackson Crush ," Percy says. "What's a… Jackson Crush ?" "Well, you see, us Jacksons are very oblivious to things such as crushes ," he explains. "Case in point," he gestures at himself, "me, whom took four years to realize I had–and still have–a crush on your mother." Annabeth nods solemnly. "You're lucky you were diagnosed early." "…How do you guys know that I might be, might , crushing on Rowan when I don't know it myself?" Luca asks. "Tell me," Damasen folds his arms on the table, "do you ever feel a little different around Rowan than you are around your other friends?" "Like, your heart starts beating faster? Or maybe your tongue gets tied?" Robert pipes up. "Profuse sweating, most likely?" "Why are you all ganging up on me?" "Answer the questions, and maybe we won't kill your family," Atalanta says in her best forties crime-boss impersonation. "But you guys are my fam–" "Just answer the questions!" Robert interrupts. Luca looks down at her lap, ears turning pink. "Well–I mean, I-I guess." Atalanta quirks an eyebrow at her. "You guess , or do you know ?" "I–Yeah. I feel a little…different around him," Luca admits in a mumble. "Aww," Percy coos. He reaches out to tug on the curl that rests on her nose. "My little baby has her first crush!" Her cheeks color rose. "Oh, shush, Seaweed Brain; no need to torture her more," Annabeth chides, smacking her husband's hand away. Luca gives her a grateful look. "Now, Luke, I expect you to ask Rowan to the dance." ; II. Loyalty After a long day and night at the office, Annabeth sleeps in late the next morning. Well, she really wouldn't have, if not for Percy removing himself from her hold and putting a pillow there instead, and then turning off her alarm. When she drags herself out of bed, it's ten 'o' clock AM and the house is already bustling. She passes Luca in the hallway while she's video-chatting Laurel (Hazel and Frank's daughter, and Rowan's younger sister) and hears Robert singing in the shower. She emerges in the kitchen, and, spotting him with his back turned to her and facing the counter, she has a few choice words for him, but Damasen and Atalanta sit at the table a couple feet away. He obviously hears her approaching, and turns around to face her with a bright smile on his face and a plate of blue waffles in his hand. "Hello, there, dear," he greets, dropping a kiss on her lips and handing her the plate. "Sleep well?" She glares at him, because she did sleep well, very well, but she doesn't want him to do it again. He's done this many, many times before with no stop in sight, but she continues with the negative reinforcement. "No. I slept horribly." He just smiles again, standing on his tip toes to press a kiss to her forehead. (He's 6' 4", while she's just an inch shorter at 6' 3".) "At least you were sleeping, you workaholic," he teases. Turning around, she sits at the table, right next to where Atalanta is munching on an apple. Damasen sits opposite to her, running a hand through his curly black hair as he looks over his notes for school. "Mom, Dad," Atalanta says, gaining her parents' attention. "I'm going over to Lloyd Hughes house to work on homework." "Sounds good," Annabeth tells her. "Ooh." Damasen waggles his eyebrows, reaching forward to pinch his sister's arm. "Atalanta's got a da-ate!" he singsongs. She smacks his hand away, scoffing. "It's not a date," she mutters. "You know, I have a study that blushing contradicts whatever the blusher is saying," Damasen says seriously. "Case in point, you. Right now." "It's not a date!" she insists. She stands up, going to throw away her apple core. "Are you…are you wearing a skirt?" Annabeth asks her usually tomboy daughter. "O-oh, ye-yeah." Atalanta looks down at the blue-and-purple patterned fabric. "I must've just…thrown it on, I guess." "Do we even own a skirt in this house?" "She barrowed it from Jasper!" Luca shouts from the hallway, speaking about Jason and Piper's rather girly (when she wasn't on-duty in the legion, of course) oldest daughter. "Luke!" Atalanta shrieks, and a glass explodes, sending water everywhere, as her flush deepens. "You promised not to tell!" "You didn't make me swear on the River Styx." "It's still not a date!" she tells them, pointing a finger at Damasen, stopping him from saying anything else. She throws her backpack over her shoulder and storms out of the house. "Drama Queen," Damasen says. "She gets it from your father." "Hey!" Percy protests. A couple hours later, Annabeth sits