AN: May the fourth be with you. ;) I. Annabeth's kindergarten has great toys. That's about the only upside to it. The schooling offers no stimulation for Annabeth's intelligent brain, all of her fellow classmates are immature, and the teacher smells bad. But at least the toys are cool. There's tricycles and firetrucks, dolls and stuffed animals, paints and blocks. Even though Annabeth sure does love her blocks, she loves the lightsabers more. The hilts look exactly like the movie, and the actual light parts glow. Glow . That's, like, the best thing ever . (She's a five-year-old in the late nineties; of course glowing lightsabers are the best.) What's even better is that no one seems to know about them, except for Annabeth. There's only two, and she always waits until everyone grabs their toys and clears out of the toy-bin area. Once everyone's gone, she carefully slips in, quiet as a jedi, and grabs them. She places them under her shirt, in case anyone is looking, and runs off to her corner. Her corner's perfect; it's hidden behind a tree, out of sight, but if Teacher calls the class in, she can easily hear her. This day is no different. She slips the red and blue lightsabers under her shirt and heads over to her corner so that she can play with them. But, on her way, she spots a boy in her class– Percy , she remembers–sitting on the bench by himself. He looks lonely, kind of like how her Great Dane looks lonely whenever she leaves for school in the morning. She walks up to him, but he doesn't seem to notice her. Cocking her head to the side, she asks him bluntly, "Are you lonely?" His sea-green eyes snap up to her grey ones. "Wh-what?" "I said, are you lonely?" she repeats slowly, wondering if he's dumb. He looks down, shaggy black hair hiding his face from her. "Yeah." "I'm lonely, too," she admits, and she is. Her mommy and daddy always seem to be away working, and none of the kids at school talk to her. "Do you…We can be friends, right?" "Really?" he says, a little breathlessly, looking up at her. She shrugs. "I'll be your friend if you be mine." "Yeah! I'm friends with Annabeth Chase!" he shouts, jumping up to his feet with a wide grin that she can't help but copy. She's taller than him by quite a bit, and she's way tanner. "Great!" she says, copying his enthusiasm. She leans in close, dropping her voice to a whisper. "Since we're friends, I'll allow you to see my secret place." "Your secret place?" he asks, looking at her like she's the coolest thing since Dexter's Laboratory. "My super -secret place with my super -secret toys of awesome," she stresses. "So you can't tell anybody." He nods, staring at her with wide, earnest eyes. She holds up her hand. "Pinky promise?" His pinky wraps around hers, they shake, and then they let go. Annabeth nods her head once. "You're ready. C'mon." Then, she turns on her heel and sprints off to her corner. Percy follows closely behind. She stops after she rounds the tree, and he nearly slams into her. "This is my super-secret place, and these " –she spreads her arms so that he can see the lightsaber hilts clutched in either of her hands– "are my super-secret toys of awesome." "Woah." He marvels at her, eyes wide, mouth slightly agape. She presses the buttons, and the actual saber parts fall out. "Here," she says, handing him the red one. Sticking out his bottom slightly, he shuffles on his feet and looks down. "But…Um…Blue's my favorite color." A frown tugs at her lips. Blue's her favorite color, too. "I also don't like being bad," he whispers, and she can tell he's being sincere. Percy doesn't seem like the bad guy type. "Fine," she sighs, handing the blue ligthsaber over. He beams at her, wrapping his hands around the hilt thankfully. She holds onto her red one. "I'll be the bad guy." "Great!" he chirps. They get into their battle positions, and then they charge at each other. ; II. It's kind of hard putting on a spandex suit by yourself, especially for a seven-year-old. But Annabeth gets it on, tugging on the boots and snapping the cape into place. She tucks her plastic helmet under her arm and grabs her bag before running out the door and heading down the street. All the houses are decorated in ghosts and goblins, webs and tombstones. The people are the same way. They're wearing all different types of costumes. Annabeth sprints past them all, her sights set on the house on the edge of the street. She skids to a stop, turning on her heel, and runs up to the door of the house. Paper ghosts hang in the trees and a fake skeleton sits by the door. Thankfully, there are no spiders. Standing on her tip-toes, she knocks as hard as she can on the door. "Oh, hello there, Annabeth!" greets the person who opens it. She beams. "Hi, Missus Jackson! I'm ready to go Trick-or-Treating!" Sally fixes the witch's hat that sits on her head. It matches that rest of her purple outfit, including the broom clutched in her hand. "Come in, dear; Percy will only be a moment. He's just finishing up his costume." She nods and steps in. The Jackson house is nice and homey, unlike her own. There's blankets thrown about the couch, and the chairs at the table aren't all pushed in; clear signs that people actually live in this building. "I love your costume, dear," Sally says. "Isn't it great?" Annabeth asks, turning around to give her a full view. "Daddy bought it for me, and I spent hours making sure it was just right." Two-year-old Tyson waddles up to her, all dressed up as a cute little witch's kitty, and grabs onto her cape. "Annie-bet!" he crows, tugging on the black garment to get her attention. She crouches down and pets his messy brown locks. "Hey there, baby boy!" she coos, remembering the first time she'd met Tyson. It was a week after Percy and Annabeth became best friends, and Tyson had been about three months old, just a tiny little thing. She can't believe how much he's grown. "I'm ready!" comes Percy's voice. Annabeth stands up just in time to see him, all covered in brown fur and a weapon sling around his shoulder, jump out into the room proudly. She runs right up to him. "You're Chewbacca!" she exclaims, circling him so she can see the entire suit. "And you're Darth Vader!" he returns, jumping up and down up excitement. He grabs onto her gloved hands. "Put on the mask! Put on the mask! C'mon. Please? Please? Please?" She giggles. "You don't have to ask that many times, Percy," she says, and he pouts. His sad demeanor is replaced with a grin when she puts the elastic band of the mask around her head. He lets out a whoop, which then he tries to turn into a Chewbacca roar, but he just ends up squeaking. She laughs so hard it hurts. "I think it's time for pictures!" Sally suggests, waving around her camera. Percy throws an arm around Annabeth, tugging her close with a wide smile. She pushes up her mask, Sally sets Tyson in front of them, and she takes the picture. They're all laughing and smiling. "Aw, so cute," Sally says, pinching Annabeth and Percy's cheeks. "I'm not cute," he insists. He puffs out his chest. "I'm manly!" She chuckles. "Sure you are." Patting their heads one last time, she pulls away. "Now who's ready to go Trick-or-Treating?" "Yeah!" They throw their hands up in the air and squeal with excitement. On Sally's orders, they run out the door, proceeding to Trick-or-Treat. Annabeth and Percy get a lot of candy because pair costumes are always cute. A lot of the people that open the doors remark on how adorable they are as a pair. Tyson gets quite a bit of candy, too, for both the facts that he's a toddler, and his kitty costume matches the theme of his mom's witch outfit. After they run down the steps of one house, Annabeth and Percy make a straight beeline for the next. She stops in her tracks when she sees the decorations, tugging on Percy's sleeve. "Percy," she whimpers in a small voice, "I-I don't think I can do this." The red eyes of dozens of spider figures stare back at her. Webs cover the house, and the mist from the neighbor's fog machine gives off an unnecessary eerie look to it all. A giant spider sits menacingly above the doorway on the roof, glaring at any kids that walk the sidewalk. Percy's eyes fill with sympathy–he's experienced first-hand her arachnophobia–but then they flare with determination. "Of course you can do it, Darth Vader," he insists. Her knees feel like jelly. "No, I can't," she says. "And my name's Annabeth, not Darth Vader." "Yes it is!" he says. "At least for tonight. And Darth Vader–you–ain't scared of no spider." "But–" "You can face an army of–of mutant-ninja rebel fighters alone without breaking a sweat!" he continues. "You can go up to this house! You're the Dark Lord, Ann–I mean, Darth Vader." She puffs out her chest as determination fills her. "I am the Dark Lord," she states. "Yes you are. And you can do this." Giving an affirming nod, she pulls her mask down to cover her face. "We can do this. I'm gonna do this!" "C'mon, then." He leads her slowly, strongly, onto the lawn of the house with all the spiders. Panic fills her as they get closer, telling her run, but she just fumbles for Percy's hand. They make it to the door, Annabeth's legs quaking in fear. She cowers behind Percy a bit, but she tells herself she can do this. She's not Annabeth Chase anymore. She's Darth Vader, and Darth Vader isn't scared of any stupid spider. "Trick-or-treat!" Percy says, and she echoes weakly. A lady opens the door, smiles at them, and gives them candy, telling them to have a good night. They walk back to Sally (who had run into a friend) slowly. Once they get there, he lets out a roar of happiness and hugs the life out of her. "You did it! You faced your fears!" he cheers. She smiles into his shoulder, her own giddiness taking over. "I did. I really did." She pauses. "But I'm never gonna do it again." ; III. A potential divorce between her parents is not something that a ten-year-old should be worried about. But Annabeth is. Her parents are barely ever home, and when they are, they barely ever stop fighting. Breakfast is awkward and dinner is a mess. Everyone wakes up at the same time, so they eat at the same time, which can lead to some pretty horrifying stalemates between her parents. They don't yell in front of her because they think their fights are secret. At dinner, they used to hold the value that this meal should always be eaten together. Her mom has a shift over this hour on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, and her dad has it on Tuesdays, Fridays, and the entire weekend. Annabeth eats with one or the other every night. She should be worried about cooties and boys, school and birthday parties. But no. They get into a really heated argument when Annabeth is trying to study one night. She tries to tune them out, but she can clearly hear their enraged voices from downstairs. It finally gets to the point where, with tears in her eyes, she furiously tugs on her shoes and slams open her door, sprinting downstairs. "I'm going to Percy's until you two sort this out!" she yells over her shoulder as she exits