Hey Guys This is my first published Drarry fic, but if you guys love it let me know and I may expand on it. Summary: Harry has a secret he has been keeping for a while now and he has to make the choice between what is right and what is easy to keep it safe. AU Final Battle, Drarry. Rated M for a reason. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or is's Characters, sadly that privilege belongs to J.K. Rowling. Silver eyes watched the teachers spread out and point their wands up. They went wide as a tangible barrier raised around the perimeter of the school. He had to move but… "Piertotum Locomotor!" He spun as Professor McGonagall spoke at the school wand pointed at the doors. Nothing happened as the blonde exhaled a shaky breath. He jumped when one of the stone knights on the castle walls jumped down and to attention. One by one the statues fell and formed a line of magic infused rock. He shook himself. "I have to find Harry." He said to himself and ran around the knights and into the castle. He sprinted up the stairs. He saw brown bushy hair whip around a corner. "Granger!" He shouted, still running to where he saw her. He got to the corner and was greeted by a fist. He stumbled back briefly holding his cheek where Ron's fist had got him. "Where is Harry?" Ron glared at him and moved to raise his wand. "Stop Weasley I need to find him I know what he is looking for and where it is." He looked around to make sure no one was close. Ron continued to glare, Granger looked at him skeptically. Draco was getting frustrated. "There is a war outside because of a mad man and you won't let me help end this?" He practically yelled at them. "Come with me." Draco saw Granger and Weasley's eyes go wide and he turned. Luna Lovegood was standing there gesturing him to follow. Draco gave the two glaring at him a resigned look at ran after Luna. Luna led him up the steps and to the 7th floor. Draco knew this door very well. "You will find him in the place you did. Show him where he was and you will find your way forward." Draco lifted an eye brown at her before he began to pace in front of the door. Harry was looking frantically around the room for the diadem. He kept running his hands through his hair worried, stressed and frustrated. He could feel it was here but where it was, he did not know. He heard the door open and he ran to it, thinking Ron and Hermione were here. He stopped dead when he saw Draco. Harry felt winded as he stared. "Hi Harry." Draco said guarded. "I came to help. I know where it is." Harry felt his mouth drop open. "How do you know?" Draco's eye shut. He looked like he was in a lot of pain. The blonde took a deep breath. "Father told me before Voldemort put a sword through him." Harry wanted to run up to him but hung back. Draco shook his head and walked passed Harry. Spinning he followed the man. The blonde walked up to a bird cage on a pile of stuff and opened the cover. There was a small skeleton on the perch but under it there was a silver tiara with large blue stones. Draco grabbed it and handed it to Harry. "Father put it here. He told me what is was and I ran. This has to end." Draco stood in front of Harry. The brunette caught his wrist firmly and closed the distance between them. They separated and Draco looked ready to say something his eyes soft. He opened his mouth and screamed, dropping to his knees as he was hit in the side by a stunning spell. Standing in the room was Crabbe and Goyle. "I knew you were a traitor!" Crabbe yelled. "The Dark Lord will praise me for this." Crabbe whirled his wand around him fire sprouted from the tip. Draco clutched Harry's arm, pulling himself up. "Harry run!" He said as loud as possible. Harry grabbed the blonde and ran. The turned around a tower of chairs as the Fiendfyre roared after them. Harry saw brooms and wordlessly summoned one. Swinging on it he grabbed Draco pulling him in front and taking off. Goyle was running out and Crabbe stood in the center of the blaze terrified of what he had made. Draco ripped the diadem out of Harry's hand and tossed it to the flames. An ear shattering scream broke the air. Crabbe was still fine in the center; the horcrux had exploded in the flames. Harry wrapped an arm around Draco and sped out of the door that Goyle had left open. They landed in rubble. Harry didn't have time to figure out where it was from he stood and started pushing the doors shut. The Fiendfyre came straight for him. He groaned and pushed the doors, moving the rock with them. The door clamored shut as the fiend collided with the door. Draco watched him. "How did you know where I would be?" Harry asked looking at the blonde who was getting to his feet. "I found you there the first time." Draco smiled, a full heartwarming smile, Harry's heart skipped a beat. "Let's end this we have thing to talk about after." Harry looked at him, "Is he safe?" Draco hugged him. Harry clutched at the thin blonde man in his arms. His face buried in the shorter man's neck. Harry breathed in a shuttering breath before straightening and looking at Draco's face. "He is safe. Now go so we can move on from this." Draco cupped a hand behind The Chosen One's neck and pulled them together. Their lips met softly, the kiss was sweet and heartbreaking. "Go I will be here Always." Harry turned before he could get to the point he changed his mind. "Stay safe, I love you." Draco watched Harry walk away. "I love you too." Harry's heart hurt as he walked to the entry hall. Pain ripped through his scar. It was burning white hot. He staggered against the wall, clutching his forehead. He felt Voldemort. He felt the mad man's voice surround him. "I know that you are preparing to fight. Your efforts are futile. You cannot fight me. I do not want to kill you. I have great respect for the teachers of Hogwarts. I do not want to spill magical blood. Give me Harry Potter, and none shall be harmed. Give me Harry Potter, and I shall leave the school untouched. Give me Harry Potter, and you will be rewarded. You have until midnight." Harry's eye watered and his head was still pounding. He heard Hermione calling his name from below. He ran down the stairs and hid in an alcove near them. Her voice was right next to him and then he heard footsteps rush up the stairs. He grabbed the bag hanging from his neck and summoned the cloak out of it. He threw is over himself and walked past the people bringing the dead and injured through the doors. He grimaced at some of the faces he recognize but kept moving. He could not stop. Once he reached the tree line he took the cloak off, putting it back in the small bag at his neck. He took a few steps forwards before he realized what the snitch meant and summoned it out of the bag. He grabbed it but did not look at it immediately. He looked over the wand it his hand. It looked like its owner's wand. He closed his eyes tightly putting the wand in the wrist holster on his right hand. He did not open his eyes as he brought the snitch to his lips. He pressed the golden metal to his lips and whispered, "I am about to die." The metal shell broke open. He lowered his shaking hand, raised Draco's wand beneath the Cloak and murmured, "Lumos." The black stone with its jagged crack running down the centre sat in the two halves of the Snitch. The Resurrection Stone had cracked down the vertical line representing the Elder Wand. The triangle and circle representing the Cloak and the stone were still discernible. And again, Harry understood, without having to think. It did not matter about bringing them back, for he was about to join them. He was not really fetching them: they were fetching him. He closed his eyes, and turned the stone over in his hand, three times. He knew it had happened, because he heard slight movements around him that suggested frail bodies shifting their footing on the earthy, twig-strewn ground that marked the outer edge of the Forest. He opened his eyes and looked around. They were neither ghost nor truly flesh, he could see that. They resembled most closely the Riddle that had escaped from the diary so long ago, and he had been memory made nearly solid. Less substantial than living bodies, but much more than ghosts, they moved toward him, and on each face, there was the same loving smile. Harry looked at all of them in turn. "Hi." He said weakly. He lightly felt his mother wrap her arms around him. "I am so proud of you Harry." She released him allowing his dad to do the same. Sirius was the last to embrace him. "Harry we could not have asked for a better son." James beamed at Harry. "I wish I was there for you more Harry, but in the end you knew I loved you right?" Sirius asked. "Yes I did. I wouldn't have given him your name otherwise." Sirius smiled at that. "Will you stay with me?" Harry asked. "We will be with you as we always have been." Lily answered, Harry breathed out starting to walk forward. He let the connection with Voldemort guide him to him. After a while he felt a hand on his shoulder. He turned to see his dad stopping him. "It is time to let us go Harry, but we are with you always." Harry swallowed. "I love you Dad." "I love you too Son." The three of them hugged him together. He was surrounded by love and hugged back as best he could. They pulled away and Lily cupped his face pressing a kiss to his cheek. "It's time sweetie. I love you." She stepped back. "I love you too pup." Harry looked at Sirius. "I love you too." Harry said before dropping the stone. They vanished slowly and then he was alone. He shook himself before walking forward. He entered a clearing and saw Hagrid tied down. "Ah, and Harry Potter joins us. Are you done asking people to die for you?" Voldemort asked from where he stood next to Hagrid. Harry stepped closer. "Harry no!" Hagrid yelled straining against his restraints. A stunner was shot at him by Voldemort and he slumped back. "I never asked anyone to die for me Tom." Voldemort hissed. "Do not call me by that name." Bellatrix stepped to his side. "My Lord, can I punish him for his insolence?" Voldemort did not look at her. "No my Bella, he is mine." Voldemort walked forward arms stretched in a grand gesture towards the Death Eaters around the clearing. Before pointing his wand and screaming "Avada Kadavra!" His aim was true and Harry fell limp to the ground. Harry opened his eyes to see white. He turned and there was more white He stood and looked down he was wearing a clean shirt and pants. He patted around himself frantically, no wand. He still did not see anything of note and started to walk. As he walked his surroundings turned into a white version of King's Cross