In The Light of Zeus Chapter 1: The Children of Zeus My world is surrounded in darkness, pure darkness. I feel sad, misery, I feel pain. No where specific is the worse part, I can't pinpoint where on my body it hurts… It just hurts everywhere. "Carter." A low raspy voice calls through the darkness. This voice is all to familiar, the voice that has haunted my dreams for years. "Carter." I hear the voice call out to me. I try to turn my body to look around but it won't budge as the world of darkness begins to shake. "Carter." I hear again. "Shut up!" I scream back to it and my eyes fly open, causing my mother, who was over top of me saying my name, to jump backwards. "Mom…" I breathe and looked around to see I was still in my room. The blinds were shut as usual and I could feel the cold sweat on my body, like it always was after a nightmare. "Carter honey…" My mother says as she runs her fingers through my hair, she has a card in her hand, right, it was my birthday. "Did you have another nightmare? You look like you've seen a ghost." She said with a frown. I take a deep breath and nodded, "Yeah mom, I get them a lot." I say and lay my head back down on my pillow with a sigh. My mother sits there for a second silent, looking far more worried then she usually does. "Well, shake it off." She said. "It's your 16th birthday, it's a milestone in life. I have a card but you're going to get a lot more presents tonight at dinner with the family." She said with a smile. "Yeah, you know what else it is? The first day of school." I reply impatiently and take the card, I know I shouldn't be so rude to her but I've been plagued with this same nightmare for years now, about 4, and I don't know who is calling out to me. Could it be my father? I haven't seen him since I was 8, but I don't remember his voice being so raspy. "Alright… I'll leave you alone." She finally says and kissed my forehead, "Just get ready for school." She stands ups and steps over mountains of dirty clothes strewn across the floor just to exit my room. A few moments pass as I stare at the ceiling, thinking to myself. Most years my birthday was on the first day of school, August 25th. I stand up and take my t shirt off and boxers and grab a towel and head to the bathroom. I take a shower that seemed to be five minutes, like they always do, till I hear banging on the door. "Carter! You've been in there for twenty-five minutes hurry up! You're going to make me late for my first day of school!" I hear my little sister, Sarah, banging on the bathroom door. It's my 14 year old sisters first day of high school. "Carter!" She yells again as she bangs on the door. I also have a 7 year old brother, named Travis. I take another deep breath as a lean my head forward on the shower wall, the incredibly hot water pouring down onto my back and shoulders. "Alright, alright I'll be out in a second." Irritation evident in my tone. About another few moments and I shout the water off and wrap the towel around my waist, walking out of the bathroom dripping wet. "Happy?" I grunt to her and she glares at me and goes into her room. After about 10 minutes I head downstairs to see my mother feeding Travis. The mornings were always rough for both of them, considering my mother had to get to work which means Travis had to wake up early every morning. "Morning." I say to her again. Travis looks up tiredly but seems excited to see me. "Carter! Happy Birthday!" He exclaimed with a smile. I couldn't help but smile at this, first day of Junior year or not, seeing my little brother so excited to see me always made me happy. "Good morning buddy." I say and quickly ruffle his hair. "Did mom make you some pancakes?" I asked him as I looked at my mother, who truthfully never made meals. She always just gave us cereal; it was only because it was my birthday. Travis nodded, "Yeah, she did." He said simply as he looked down at the plate. "Are they good?" I ask him simply as I grab some orange juice out of the fridge and sat down at the table and looked at him. Travis hesitated and looked at me for moment and shook his head, "No, not really." He said. "Hey!" My mother exclaims as I couldn't keep myself from laughing a little. "I try my best. There's only so much that I can do." My mother laughed a little herself. I smirk a bit and grab a plate and got some pancakes and even some bacon. "Well… I mean…" I look at them for a second and sigh a little. "They're only a little burnt." I tease my mother a little and sat down across from her and but some syrup on them. "Thank you for making it mom, I'm sure they're good." Travis made a face as he rested his head on his arm and shook his head a little as he looked right at me. "Hey, enough." My mother says and nudged him. "I tried my best you spoiled little punk." "I mean, the bacon isn't that bad." I say with a small laugh as I see my sister walk in, her blonde hair long and also soaking wet, similar to mine. "Look at me." Sarah said grumpily. "I'm a mess and it's because of you. I could of actually looked good today and you took practically a half an hour in the shower." She snapped, glaring hard at me. I hear even my mother sigh a little, "Sarah, you have fifteen minutes till we have to leave. So you can either go dry and do your hair or you can eat my apparently burnt pancakes." She said, looking at Sarah. "Besides I like your outfit, you do look good. Are you excited? It's You're first day of high school." Sarah stared at our mother for a moment as she looked at my and sat her hand on Travis's head. "Yeah, I'm excited." She said, seeming to be telling the truth. "I'm going to go dry my hair. I'll just… Take some bacon and a banana." She said and quickly rushed off back upstairs. I minded my own business during the conversation and finished eating the pancakes, "You know she hasn't said happy birthday to me. I think she forgot." I say, trying not to sound like I'm mad or offended, though honestly I am kind of offended. "She didn't forget." My mother responds to me simply. I stared at her for a moment, "And why do you think that?" I ask, raising an eyebrow. "She's your sister Carter, and all you two do is fight." She laughs a little as she stared at me. "All you two do is fight, she didn't forget, she's just being a little sister. I used to do it with my brothers." She said seriously. "I mean even if she did, I don't care." I say honestly, which isn't entirely true. "I mean it's the first day of high school, she's happy, nervous and excited, I hope today is special for her." That part was true. Sarah, as much as she gets on my nerves, is far more of a peoples person then I am. I'm good with people, I have a friend group, but she can have multiple friend groups. She's good at bouncing between people and honestly I know she's going to be incredibly happy and probably popular. About fifteen minutes later Sarah came downstairs and grabbed a banana and some bacon just like she said she would. She stared at me for a few moments, "Oh yeah… And happy birthday Carter." She said. I couldn't keep myself from smirking a little, "Thank you." I said. "I almost thought you forgot." I say simply. "Alright, come on you guys, it's time to go." My mother says and Sarah and I grab our backpacks and head outside with our mother and Travis. We got in my mothers car and about twenty minutes later we arrived at the high school. I stared at it, honestly not to happy about coming back. Delaware's a small state, not much goes on here, and I can't wait to get out of this place. I'm excited that in ten years I'll hopefully have a spouse, kids, and hopefully a phone. I try to picture what 2008 would be like, ten years from now. It was hard to believe it was 1998 and the year 2000 seemed just around the corner. After all I'll be graduating as the high school class of 2000. "You guys ready?" My mother asks and looks at me as she pulls up to the school. I look back to my sister and see her nod and even look a little nervous. "We'll be fine. Lets go." I say and get out of the car, my sister stepping out with me from the backseat. "Have a good day!" My mother calls from the car. I head into the school with my sister and looked at her, "You'll be fine, ok?" I say seriously. "You've already had a day without the other classes and got to know the school. You'll be fine." I try to reassure her. "I know…" Sarah says and bite her lip, "But I didn't go with other students." She said, "I only have a few friends who came from middle school with me. What if the other kids don't like me? What if the upperclassmen pick on me?" She laughed a little awkwardly. I smirked a bit in amusement, "They won't pick on you, or else they'll have me to deal with." I say seriously and nudge her a little. "And so would my friends." He said. "But don't talk to them, they're off limits." I say. Sarah smiles and rolls her eyes. "Fine, whatever." She says. "I'm going to go meet my friend, I'll see you later today." She says and heads off in another direction. I start to head towards a hallway that my friends and I have met each other in the morning every year to socialize. We call it the circle just because we stand in a circle and talk before classes start every morning. I see my friends Emily, Katherine, Zack and Joseph standing there already. Katherine and Justin used to date and broke up last year but they still remained friends. Emily and Zack always have had a thing for one another but have never really openly acted on there feelings. I've known all of them since 6th grade, except Zack was a year older then all of us and is a Senior. Though I started school a year early and all my other friends, besides Zack, are already 16 and will be turning 17 this school year. "Hey guys." I said with a smile. Once they all see me they turn to me and smile, "Happy birthday!" They exclaimed, almost in perfect unison. They all know that I hate how much my birthday is on the first day of school. Emily hugs me and looks at me, "How does it feel?" She asked, "Do you feel any different?" She asked curiously. I shake my head simply, "Honestly not really. I feel tired and I don't want to be here." I say truthfully. "Oh come on." Katherine said, "You don't feel even a little different?" She asked, "I mean I did." "So did I." Joseph spoke up. I