A/N This is my first fanfiction so it's probably not very good, I'm also not very old (going to be 13 in a few days so I guess I make the age requirement...right?) Anyways, constructive criticism is always welcome! Summary: Imagine on the night that Voldemort came to Godric Hollows James Potter managed to kill him. When Snape came to see for Lily, he and James apologised to one another. This story revolves around the older sister of Harry, a girl named Hope. Follow her as she becomes friends with two of the most mischievous people in Hogwarts Pairings: Fred/OC, George/Angelina, Sirius/OC, James/Lily, Harry/Ginny, Ron/Hermoine, Remus/Tonks. Hope is older than Harry by 2 years. She is the same age as Fred and George. Disclaimer: Unfortunately, I'm not the great J.K Rowling, any character you have not heard of most likely is the only characters I own. [Last edited on 10th April 2017] I could remember that night vividly, the wind howling and the yells coming from my parents. Me and my younger brother, Harry were playing when it happened. When he - when Voldemort came. It was as if time stopped for a moment before hearing my father yell again. Then it was silent. My mother hovered at the doorway, clearly confused at what was happening. Had dad died? Was Voldemort coming upstairs? Was he making his way towards them? After what seemed like an eternity, but in reality was only 5 minutes, mum worked up the courage to go downstairs. And you could hear her loud sigh of relief. I look over to my brother before glancing at the door. I decided to see what was happening. "I'll be back in a moment, Harry." I promised before cautiously walking down the steps to see mum embracing dad, she was crying but I had no idea why. "Mummy, daddy? What's happening?" I whispered as I reached the bottom of the steps my voice filled with worry as I brushed aside my auburn locks from my face. Unlike my brother, Harry, I had inherited my mother's auburn hair and my father's hazel eyes. My mum looked at me with a smile that was wider than I had ever seen her wear. She seemed to have been crying but I didn't know why. My dad looked very tired and gave me a weary smile. Upon seeing the confusion on my face they exchanged a look. "Well...erm...Hope, honey. You know that bad man uncle Sirius told you about? Voldemort?" I nodded silently I knew a lot about him despite being only 3, my uncle Sirius said I was, "A genius child destined to be an amazing witch like her mother, that Hope.". My father and Uncle Remus kept telling him not to but he brushed them aside saying I needed to know if the threat he posed in case something happened. "Well Hope, he tried to erm... kill daddy. And well daddy reflected his curse and managed to end him." My train of thought stopped by my mother informing me of the event that just took place. We went upstairs and sat and played with Harry for less than 5 minutes before there was a frantic knock on the door, and the sound of someone trying to open the look, unfortunately dad forgot to lock the door and he made his way in. Little did we know who it was. "Lily? Lily? Are you alright, Lily?" The voice was filled with worry and mum glanced at dad before replying "Severus?" We heard steps running up the door before he came into Harry's room, somehow he had traced the sound of her voice to his room. "Lily you're alright!" He said before rushing over to her and enveloping her in a hug. Dad looked on, eyebrow raised before pushing his glasses up with his knuckles. "Ahem." He said, fake coughing, his demeanour had not changed much for some reason over what happened less than 10 minutes ago. Maybe it was taking a long time to settle in with him. "James.." The man, Severus, had reply a bitter tone in his voice. mum gave dad a look as he sighed and looked at Severus. "Look, Sni- Severus I'm er... I'm sorry about what happened at Hogwarts...erm... So er... Could you, by chance, forgive me? I mean I get it if you don't and all..." Severus' face was full of shock "I'm so... sorry James, Lily…" Mum and dad exchanged a look before they looked at Severus. Dad got up and threateningly walked over to Severus, his face full of anger. He had his wand in his hand and jabbed it at Severus' face. "WHAT DID YOU DO SNIVELLUS." He flinched at the use of the nickname. "I...I... I'm sorry James, Lily... I... I told you-know-who... I told him about... about Harry's prophecy... I... I am sorry..." Dad's face turned vicious. "James. Stop." Mum sternly demanded, at this dad shrank back. I excused myself upstairs and dad nodded at me, unaware of the fact that his daughter had seen him threaten her mother's childhood friend. I stood at the top of the staircase and watched the event unfold. "Can you forgive me... Lily... James." His eyes darted between them both. "All in due time Severus. Maybe one day, someday just... not today." He nodded and Lily spoke in a cheerful voice attempting to lighten the atmosphere, "So, anyone up for some catching up?" The rest of that night was filled with sounds of laughter and chatter, the occasional grumble being heard from dad. "Hope, come on, wake up!" I could hear my younger brother yelling at me while trying to wake me up for what seemed like an hour but was only 2 minutes in reality. "Come on sis! We have to go to Diagon Alley today!" I reluctantly opened my restless eyes. I gave Harry a small smile before propping myself up on my elbow. "You seem more excited than me lightening." I said teasingly. I developed the nickname for him when he claimed that he could run like the flash when we were 7, the nickname stuck since then (of course Harry doesn't have a scar on his forehead, Voldemort didn't attack him) . The flash was a superhero that our mother had told us about when were younger, she would tell us about the superheroes that she knew about because of her upbringing as a muggle. "Well I am excited, I'm gonna be going to Hogwarts in 2 years!" He smiled innocently. "Well, I get to go tomorrow!" I said sticking my tongue out at him, before running downstairs with him chasing me. Mum had made breakfast for us and I sat at the table to enjoy my toast as Harry sat next to me. "Not even going to say hello to me? I'm hurt really, my own godson ignores me as well as my friend's other child." He says feigning hurt as he places a hand on his heart. "His other child? Uncle Sirius have you forgotten my name... Surely it's not too hard to pronounce, even for you." I mockingly said at the man who was related to me because he was, like my father, a pureblood and all purebloods were somehow related. [1] "Ouch Hope, guess I should've seen that coming. So what's your plan?" He said throwing an arm around dad and glancing between mum and dad whilst wriggling his eyebrows, mum just rolled her eyes and I gave Sirius a smile before announcing that we were going to Diagon Alley to get my supplies for tomorrow. "Ah, I forgot you're going Hogwarts this year. You grew up way too fast. I still remember that time we lied to Moony and we had to give him an apology card because of Lily... All we did was accidentally- on purpose- set your cat on him and said that the cat probably didn't like him. It wasn't that bad taken the things we've done. I don't even think it made it's way to my top 15 list." He said glaring at mum while she threw a spoon at him that he, thankfully, managed to catch. "Come on guys, get ready we're leaving soon." Dad said as I was finishing my 3rd slice of toast. "OK." I managed to form with the food in my mouth. Mum glared at me before I gave her an apologetic look while uncle Sirius began to laugh. "Can I tag along Prongs?" He asked giving him an innocent look as dad just gave him an exasperated look. " 'Course you can Padfoot, as long as you don't chase any cats like last time." Dad said as I began to laugh. Harry gave me a look because he didn't understand what happened last time. Me, dad, uncle Sirius and Uncle Remus went to Hogsmeade to get mum a present for their wedding anniversary. We ended up buying her a rose gold bracelet which had an opal in the middle which changed colour based on how she was feeling. However, after we got the bracelet uncle Sirius turned into a dog and began chasing a cat that was on the other side. We stood there yelling "Padfoot come over here." and dad even cursed at him but after a moment made me swear not to tell mum that he did. I began making my way upstairs and quickly got changed in a plain purple button up and grey jeans before wearing the necklace Harmony gave me for my birthday when I was 9. I rushed downstairs and put on my white trainers. I quickly brushed my long hair that cascaded down my back but stopped at the top of my rib cage... So I guess it isn't that long? It's long to me, OK? Eventually after 5 minutes mum and Harry came downstairs and we travelled using floo powder and reached Diagon Alley. "Finally done Hope, all we have to do now is get you a wand!" Mum said clapping her hands and we started making our way towards Ollivander's while dad was talking about how he and the rest of the marauders pranked the Slytherins by changing their passwords (somehow) every two minutes and it lead to the ghost in the painting to pass out while the Slytherins were waiting outside. "-And they were screaming at the paintings, you should've seen them! Anyways then Padfoot decided to-" He was interrupted by a red haired man who yelled out to him, "James Potter! Hello!" He yelled ecstatically as a group of other red-heads walked over to us. "Ah, Arthur!" He turned to mum and said, "This is Arthur Weasley, a colleague of mine, he also works at the ministry! Arthur, this is my wife, Lily. My daughter, Hope, and my son, Harry." he informed. "Hope's starting her first year tomorrow, aren't you Hope?" I silently nodded. My gaze was fixed on the boy who kept staring at me, he had a twin by the looks of it because he and one of his other brothers were identical to him. "Hey! Don't forget about me Prongs! I'm Sirius Black!" uncle Sirius said with a proud face. "Are you being Sirius right now?!" I said pointedly to him, it had become an inside joke between all of us. "Hey, Arthur are you alright?" Dad said to Mr Weasley, who looked as though he had spaced out. "Ah! This is my wife, Molly. My eldest son Bill is a curse breaker in Egypt, then there's Charlie who is starting his 7th year this year! Percy's starting his 3rd year and the twins, Fred and George, are also starting this year. This is my youngest son, Ron and my only daughter, Ginny." He said gesturing to his family behind him. "Didn't you kill... him ?" A small boy with red hair snd blue eyes, Ron I pressume, said as he looked at dad curiously whilst getting a glare from his mother. I