Mr. Platt's farm had been the perfect place for a childhood. There were paddocks for exploring, horses for riding, mud to dirty oneself in and trees for climbing. Yes, it was the perfect place for a child to grow up. It was a farm that would leave fond memories for an adult to reminisce about. Since it was such a sincerely wonderful place for one to grow up, it made accepting that one was now considered a grown up hard. At least for Esme Anne Platt. At sixteen years old, she was very much no longer considered a child and was very much expected to be learning how to be a good wife. Esme did not want to learn how to be a "good wife". She wanted to be rambunctious. She wanted to climb trees, pick flowers, run through the paddocks - in the rain - with no shoes on. Esme wanted to feel the grass beneath her feet not the hard plastic of oddly shaped kitten heels. "When you were a young girl, you always wanted to wear my shoes," her mother would say. That was true. Like most other girls, Esme wanted to be a princess. She spent the sunny days outside and the rainy days inside, pretending her Sunday dress was a princess gown. Esme wanted the best of both worlds. This playtime routine continued until her grandmother gave her a book called Rapunzel, all about a girl with beautiful long hair who was locked up in a tower. On completion of the book, Esme placed it on the kitchen table and declared that she no longer wanted to be a princess. Her father had ruffled her hair and asked what she wanted to be now. His question was answered with a careless shrug before the young girl darted away. Despite that declaration, Esme did still want to be a princess. She just didn't want to have her freedom taken away from her like Rapunzel. She wanted to have beautiful clothes, a castle and a prince who loved her more than the world itself. And she wanted to be able to throw the heels she loved so much clean across the room and run outside, into the freezing rain. Old habits die hard. A loud shriek came from Esme as she fell from the very top of the tallest tree on her father's farm. Just as she did, however, there was a lap of lightening followed by booming thunder. No one could possibly have heard her over that clatter. Upon impact with the earth, Esme heard a terrible snapping sound. Proceeding the sound was a sharp pain which shot from the top of her thigh all the way down to her ankle. She couldn't feel exactly where the pain was emanating from, it radiated through her entire leg at the same intensity. Esme let out a small wail of pain. Another clap of thunder. No one would hear her if she tried to call out. Not over the sound of heavy rain on the rooftop, not over the thunder which sounded so loud Esme felt as though at any moment it might strike her. Esme had known that the storm was about to hit, she could always sense it. She had also known that the tree would get slippery when the down pour arrive. If she was being honest, she knew that it was a bad idea. Still, she gave in to her reckless side and climbed the tree anyway. The storm had hit only moments after Esme had reached the top of the tree. With reluctance, she had began to climb down, not wanting to catch a cold. A sudden clap of thunder had surprised her and in her fright she had lost her grip on the tree. It seemed as though the worst was upon her. How long would it be before her parents realised she was missing? How would they hear her call out to them over the storm? It seemed as though pneumonia was inevitable as she tugged her soaked cardigan tighter around her torso. Esme sighed, letting her head fall backwards a little too hard against the tree trunk. Her parents were never going to allow her to live this down. Her dress was muddied, her clothes were thoroughly soaked through as was her hair; it usually fell in caramel tresses, reaching past her waist. Now it clung to her skin, framing her heart shaped face which was exhibiting a rather large pout. Then there was a strike of hope, something Esme hadn't thought of yet. A horse close by let out a whinny. Travis - the stable boy - was sure to be coming to collect them. She wasn't sure that Travis would be able to carry her but at least he could run to someone for help. Despite this revelation, another ten minutes passed and Esme didn't see a soul. To make matters worse she was beginning to shiver and she could no longer feel the tip of her nose or her fingers. She tried to warm both up by cupping her hands around her mouth and breathing into them. Movement in Esme's peripheral vision caught her attention. Her heart fell at first, when she only saw the horses but after another moment she realised they were being led by a boy about her age wearing an oversized coat and a hat. "Travis!" Esme called out. Inconveniently, lightening decided to strike just as she called. She balled her fists in frustration. "Travis!" Esme called out again and to her great relief, this time the boy turned. When he spotted her, he dropped the horse's reins and sprinted over to her. "Esme!? What happened?!" Travis asked, his eyes wide. "I fell from the tree, I think my leg is broken," she explained. "I'll go get help," he said before bolting urgently towards the Victorian Farmhouse. As Esme had suspected, her parents were not at all pleased with her. Even when her father found her, soaking wet from the rain, he made a disapproving noise before he attempted to help her. Once he had carried her back to the house, her mother gave her a firm scolding on how it was not at all acceptable to be climbing trees at her age and how embarrassing it was going to be for her to explain to the doctor. Lucky for her mother, however, their usual doctor was out of town. Waiting for this new doctor to arrive was agony. Being moved from her original place of impact had agitated her leg and despite her mother assisting in her changing into dry clothes, Esme was still freezing. Her hair was still wet and she had been chilled to the bone. One blanket was not enough. "The doctor is here, Esme," her mother said as she reentered the room after leaving to tend to the knock at the door. There was a tall figure following behind her. All Esme could really make out was a splash of blonde hair. "It's been broken for about an hour now," her mother explained to the mysterious figure. "Poor child," the figure said, in the most delectable voice Esme had ever heard. It felt like velvet to her ears. Her mother stepped aside allowing the figure to enter the room - and for Esme to finally get a good look at him. It was all she could do to keep her mouth from dropping. The doctor was gorgeous. Not just gorgeous. Absolutely the most gorgeous thing Esme Anne Platt had ever laid her eyes on. The first thing she noticed was the doctor's eyes. They were the most peculiar, wonderful eyes she had ever seen. It wasn't the shape that made them so mesmerizing, despite that they were a wonderful almond shape - it was the colour. His eyes were a rich, golden colour. The colour of molten gold, or the sun setting. The colour of a brilliant citrine gemstone. They captivated Esme's attention so wholly she barely noticed her mother as she began to introduce them. "Doctor, This is Miss Esme Platt," her mother said formally. "How do you do Esme, I'm Doctor Cullen," the brilliant man said politely. "Delighted to meet you acquaintance," Esme replied, hoping she didn't sound as dazed as she felt. The words slipped out of her mouth without a thought. She was suddenly grateful for the lessons in etiquette her mother had given her on occasion. "The pleasure is mine," Doctor Cullen said, his eyes alight with sincerity. "Now, I hear your leg is giving you grief." His voice was the most heavenly thing that Esme had ever heard and his face was the most divine thing that she had ever laid eyes on. His skin was fair, extremely fair, with not a single mark out of place. He was simply exquisite. Doctor Cullen was looking at her expectantly and it took her a moment to remember that he was real and he had spoken to her. She was being rude not providing this gentleman with a response. "Yes it is I'm afraid," Esme said finally. The Doctor either didn't notice her pause or was politely ignoring it. Out of the corner of her eye, Esme saw her father slip out of the room and her mother take a seat as far away from them as possible. Keeping a presence while providing Esme with the illusion of privacy. The illusion was the only kind she got in this house. Was it any wonder she wanted to climb trees? "How was the injury sustained?" Doctor Cullen asked. Each time he spoke Esme was unprepared for the perfection of the noise that left his lips and graced her ears. "I- I uh... fell out of a tree," Esme mumbled, suddenly feeling very silly indeed. The corners of Doctor Cullen's lips turned up into a kind but amused smile. It made Esme's stomach flutter. "A tree? In this weather?" "I like to climb," Esme admitted with a soft shrug. She wondered if her mother had seen the gesture. If so she was sure to get a scolding for it later. A lady should not shrug. Nor should she slouch, or complain or - and this was a big one - climb trees. "We all must like to do something," the doctor said, much to Esme's surprise. "Yes, we must," she agreed. "I assume it is the right leg causing the trouble," Doctor Cullen said, looking pointedly to the limb which was stretched out awkwardly on the lounge. Esme nodded in confirmation. "Would you mind if I examined the effected area?" he asked. Esme's stomach fluttered. This wonderfully handsome man was going to touch her leg. It felt entirely indecent for a man as attractive as Doctor Cullen to be touching her leg. "Please," Esme gave her consent. Despite the doctor being an attractive distraction, she was still in rather a large amount of pain. The doctor placed his medical bag on the ground beside the lounge and knelt down beside the chair. "I must warn you my hands are rather cold, it's blowing quite the gale outside," Doctor Cullen said with a small, kind smile. Esme couldn't help but smile right back at him. She didn't have a choice. It was as involuntary as the reflexes in her knees. The warning was a small gesture, yet it showed so much compassion and kindness. He didn't want her to be surprised by the unpleasant feeling of cold hands against her skin. She doubted, however, that Doctor Cullen's hands against her in anyway could possibly feel unpleasant. Then his hands were on her calf. She embarrassingly let out a gasp. The doctor gave an apologetic smile, "I did try to warn you." Relief flooded Esme. Yes, of course he would think that her response was to the temperature of his hands and not to his very touch alone. They were rather cold. "When you feel pain, tell me,"