Quick Notes: So this is a fanfic that I've had planned for quite some time and I'm just now getting around to writing it. I'm writing it for a couple of reasons one of which is to practice my literary skills which of course necessitates feedback from you guys. As such, I have a few specific questions that I'd like input on (but feel free to put anything else in your comments). 1. I'd like suggestions on the villain I introduce here in the prologue called variously The Shadow or T he Demon . Specifically I'd like to know if he comes across less as a character and more as a caricature and what I can do about it as *SPOILER* I do plan on bringing him into the story again later. (This goes for my other villains as well.) 2. Between this and the first chapter, do you think I introduce any really silly plot devices? 3. I've noticed that I have a tendency to go off on small tangents and do some world building. Do you think the way I've done it is fine or is it too much? 4. There's a bit of foul language. Do you think, in context, I've used it appropriately or is it kind of overboard? 5. At the end of the first chapter have I left it in such a way that you guys want to keep reading? Thanks in advance for your input. -ThePandalien Prologue The sky had darkened to a deep iron gray that grew ever darker with each passing moment. The enormous storm clouds loosed a steady downpour of rain, lightning, and thunder upon the city outside as Lord Aurelianus concluded his work for the day. He had been drawing up defense plans with his most trusted friend and advisor Sir Gorlois Pantros. His scouts had alerted him that the fleets of Northmen were once again on the move, looking to sack and plunder the richest city of the Isle of Argentia. He remembered the first time the vikingr had attacked the port city, he had been barely eighteen at the time and he had been asked to lead the knights of the realm to fend off the invaders. They had done it but at great cost. At the time they'd had no naval forces with which to repel the attackers at sea and so had been forced to confront them in the streets of the city. When all was said and done, homes lay in smoldering ruins, merchant's ships at the bottom of the harbor, and the bodies of raiders and knights, and men, women and children littered the streets. Despite all this he had received a commendation from the then Lord of Camelot, Ethelred Whitecastle and was promised the hand of the lord's daughter, Lady Anne Whitecastle in marriage. Over the years, the raids continued each time, with a little less blood as the knights of Camelot adapted to the fighting styles of their new enemies. Eventually, when Ethelred died, and Aurelianus ascended to the throne, he commissioned the construction and training of a naval force to stop the raiders before they reached land. Since then, the Northmen had become less of a terrifying threat and more of a nuisance. Still, it was always good to be prepared. "I suppose that concludes it then," Gorlois said as he rolled up the parchment on which Aurelianus's orders and battle plans had been drawn up. "It just needs your seal and then I'll deliver it to the naval captains." Aurelianus glanced over to his friend. Though he was old enough to be the other man's father, Aurelianus found that their relationship was more akin to brotherhood. Indeed, though by law Aurelianus was Gorlois's superior and by custom should always be addressed as my lord, or sire, or any of the other myriad honorifics that Aurelianus had always found perfunctory and rather tiresome, they treated each other as equals. Aurelianus hadn't been entirely sure why he'd taken a liking to Gorlois all those years ago, but now he realized it was because even then, when he was no more than sixteen, Gorlois had radiated a kind of intense power. This power had nothing to do with his skill with magic nor was it the kind of power that tyrants wielded to intimidate. This power was something noble and beautiful. Gorlois exuded a wisdom and intelligence that far surpassed his years and it came with a confidence and enthusiasm that even Aurelianus's most experienced and capable advisors found off-putting. Gorlois's greatest power was not his strength or ability to manipulate and coerce others, but rather his competence. "Of course," Aurelianus replied as he took the roll of parchment. He began to reach for the wax to seal the document when the doors to the war room burst open. Both he and Gorlois started at the sudden noise with Gorlois instinctively reaching for his wand which hung sheathed at his side. In the doorway stood Belerothon, the court page, flushed and breathing hard as if he'd just run quite quickly to deliver an extremely important message. For the young page this was saying something since he took his job very seriously and quite literally ran his errands which undoubtedly made him the healthiest and most in shape person in the entire castle. Aurelianus gave the boy a chance to catch his breath before asking, "What message do you bring?" "My apologies for disturbing you m'lord, but there's a woman here to see you. She asked for you specifically. She says her name is Seraphina Ambrosius and she claims to be your niece. She also claims to bring news of..." Belerothon trailed off and even in the dim light from the braziers that lined the walls Aurelianus could see the color drain from his face. "Who?" Gorlois asked. "Who does she bring news of Belerothon?" Belerothon hesitated again before appearing to muster the courage to speak again, "The Shadow sir." Had Aurelianus not been focused on the page he would have noticed the color drain from Gorlois's face as well. Gorlois was very in control of his emotions and it was very rare that he displayed emotional extremes, but if Belerothon spoke of the person he thought he spoke of, then Aurelianus was not at all surprised by Gorlois's reaction. Indeed, considering Gorlois's history with this Shadow , he was surprised that there wasn't more of a reaction. "By Shadow ," Aurelianus began, "you mean..." "Yes sire, The Demon . The one no man can kill who lurks in the dark and is dark itself," Belerothon replied. "Those battle plans may have to wait my friend," Aurelianus said briskly as he began to move with the speed and purpose of someone who feared the world might end should he not act quickly, and in this case, he probably wasn't far off. Gorlois, of course, gave no argument and merely asked Belerothon, "Is she in the throne room?" "Yes sir," the page replied as he too turned to leave for the throne room. The three of them rapidly made their way through the dim halls of the castle with its smooth stone walls and floors, stained glass windows, and elegant tapestries. Finally they came into the throne room where they found a woman standing in the middle of the room being tended to by Aurelianus's wife Anne. Though she had only been in young girl when he had last seen her and she was now bedraggled from her journey and soaking wet from the rain, Aurelianus recognized her instantly as his niece Seraphina. "Seraphina?" he asked as he went to her with Gorlois on his heels. Normally Aurelianus would have dismissed Belerothon at this point, as his task had been completed but Aurelianus was too preoccupied both by the sudden appearance of his niece who, last he'd heard, lived in York and by the news that she claimed to have of The Demon . Belerothon didn't seem to mind not being dismissed. No doubt he was also curious as to what Seraphina knew of the most feared warlock in Europe. As he neared her he also noticed that she was pregnant. It was barely noticeable from where he now stood but the look Anne gave him confirmed it. "Seraphina, what are you doing so far from York? And pregnant no less! Where is Ignatius?" At this Seraphina burst into sobs. Anne looked helplessly to Aurelianus, her eyes conveying the message that she had been unable to get her sister's daughter to speak of her trials and tribulations. "Right," Aurelianus said, his voice reverberating around the large chamber. "Belerothon." "Yes sire." "Have some servants prepare a room for my niece and get her some clean dry clothes and a warm meal. Once that's done and she's ready to speak of what's happened to her show her back here." "Yes m'lord." With that the page rushed off. "I'll go with her," Anne whispered to Aurelianus as she began to lead Seraphina in the direction Belerothon had run. "Thank you," he replied. Aurelianus and Gorlois stood where they were as they watched Anne and Seraphina disappear through one of the doors leading from the throne room. "What news do you suppose she brings of The Shadow ?" Gorlois asked. "I don't know. But as much as I hope it's that someone's finally killed him I very much doubt that's the case," Aurelianus replied. "Finally killed who father?" a voice echoed from behind them. Aurelianus turned to face his son who'd just entered from one of the other doors of the chamber, "Uther," he began, "your cousin Seraphina is here from York. She claims to have news about The Demon ." "Does she indeed?" he asked though Aurelianus thought it sounded less like a question and more like a challenge. "You don't mind if I ask her myself do you father?" " I will ask her," he replied, "but you are welcome to attend when I do." "Very well, when do you suppose that will be?" "As soon as she's ready," he replied. "She's had a long and apparently harrowing journey and she needs to recuperate." The corner of Uther's mouth twitched slightly as if he was suppressing a sneer. "Okay then, just let me know when she's ready, I'll be in my chambers." Aurelianus had never understood Uther. It seemed his only son had always been somewhat off. Though he'd always displayed a veneer of politeness and civility it was just that, a facade. Underneath there seemed to be a sinister avarice accompanied by a harsh arrogance and deep seated envy and resentment. This frequently prompted Aurelianus to wonder if he'd been a good father. Jupiter knew he tried to be but perhaps he'd been so distracted by running the immense ship of state that he'd neglected his duties as a father. Even if he had been a less than stellar father he was perplexed by the greed that always seemed to lurk beneath Uther's glowing exterior. It wasn't like he wanted for anything. Being the only son of the Lord of Camelot he had essentially grown up in the lap of luxury. He hadn't needed to toil as Aurelianus had in his youth and to top it all off, it was nearly unanimous that he was the most attractive young man on the whole Isle of Argentia. When he wasn't in the castle Uther nearly always had a rather large following of girls to swoon over him and a cadre of male friends who enjoyed the status and privileges of being in the good graces of the ruling family of Camelot, or at least the next in line. Perhaps, that was the problem. Perhaps Uther's problems were the result of a sense of entitlement. Perhaps he was unsatisfied with what he had because he'd never had to work for it and thus never learned to appreciate it the way Aurelianus had. The thought distressed Aurelianus but