Intricate Strokes, Delicate Precision Option A By: KaKaVegeGurl Author's Note: Holy crow, lotsa writing to be done. I'll admit, I've been slacking a lot. I'm werking mostly on stuff fer my website, considering that it's highly likely the rest of the chapters fer Opt C and D will be up on there, instead of here. Iuno, that's rly still undecided. But there IS something special in store fer ppl that visit my site. Two things before we start off this story: The first is... I'm like... 16 pages deep into my original story, yeah, not even kidding. The second is that I reached my anniversary here on FF dot net over the two week break. June 3rd, '03. Eight friggin years. Eight years on FF dot net. Yeah. That's insane. XP Alright now that we've addressed those things, feel free to read, enjoy, and cringe. Thank you all fer being avid readers! Continue on and have a nice steaming cup of yaoi! ~KaKaVegeGurl (A) Question of the Week: -Current Week: In my original story, you want me to address difficult topics such as teen pregnancy and loss of limb . Name one, or a few, that yer interested in seeing in my story. -My Answer to the Last One: "Like a paper doll." - Prolly a trademark term I picked up from reading Pendragon, where he used it in an odd and incorrect way (soldiers dropping from the roof like little paper dolls)? I use it in the correct way. Side Notes: If you could only see the way she loves me Then maybe you would understand Why I feel this way about our love And what I must do If you could only see how blue her eyes can be when she says When she says she loves me Well you got your reasons And you got your lies And you got your manipulations They cut me down to size Chapter 1 - Sacrifice Katniss Everdeen. That's who this entire story is ending with. She's the girl that I've loved as completely and honestly as possible; all of my life. The girl that was on fire, the Mockingjay, the Capitol's tool. She and I, together, won the Hunger Games twice; more-or-less. Through fight and struggle, through loss of limb, through the souring of emotions. And the revelation of deceit. She's the girl that I've fought for, time and time again, trial and blood, death and forfeit. She's the only thing that I continue to live for now. That's Katniss Everdeen. With her long black hair, trademarked and owned by her alone, the braid down her back. The mesmerizing eyes, the soft lips, the sallow skin, the starvation from lack of money for food. Her character built by lose of father, lack of a real mother, and absence of government guidance or care. And I couldn't help but to fall completely and utterly in love with her. It was something out of my control. No five year old boy has such an epiphany. None, but me. Watching her sing to the class, noting the birds falling silent to listen, enjoying her constant vigilance, her strength, her courage. There's not a girl alive that deserves the title of 'woman' more then her. She has fought for her family, never thinking of herself. Approached the Capitol to stand in place for her younger sister. She's fought death for me. Selfless, sacrificing. The constant victim. The bird, trapped. And now it's come down to the only thing that I can do to protect her from those that would have her killed. It's my turn to be vigilant and courageous. But to do it alone. The first thing I regret, is getting caught, naturally. But it's far too late at this point to deny that I'm stuck here where I am, in the face of every enemy standing in my way, without a shred of alliance or help. And it's impossible to save me. The only thing that I can do is continue to protect Katniss in any way that I can. I don't do it hesitantly. I would never pause, or take a time out, to decide which is more important. Self preservation, or the girl that I love? There's only one answer to that. Because my life is meaningless without what's driven me to this point. What is life without love? Hesitant, pausing, timed out. Still. The fist connects with my jaw, not as still as loveless life, and I feel the back left corner of the chair I'm in slam against my skin for the umpteenth time. It's been repetitive over the past thirty minutes, and there's going to be a bruise there when it's done. Peacekeeper Fields watches from the door with his arms crossed, observing the beating like a dog watching a bird struggle with it's broken wing, and only stands straight up when the next fist manages to make me bite down on my tongue. "Wait." I taste the copper spill of blood in my mouth and am tempted to close it and allow the wound to remain to myself. But the second I do, clutch my jaw shut, it starts filling with the warm, disgusting liquid. In an attempt not to make a complete mess over my chest, I swallow the blood down, grimace at it, and struggle not to gag at the disgust of what I've just done. Fields and the other Peacekeeper turn to look at me, in the middle of their chat, with raised brows. "Is there a problem?" Fields asks sharply, hands behind his back as he moves closer to examine me properly. I keep my mouth shut as a response and turn away. "Peeta?" Fields says in a warning tone, "Is there a problem?" I can only guess that I've made a sound while swallowing the disgusting liquid down, so when he threatens me to answer, getting into my face with his sour smelling breath, I turn to stare into his cold eyes and spit out the new mix of blood and saliva over his features. Fields reels back in surprise and disgust, wiping at his face as my mix of filth dribbles down over his nose, his lips and chin. And instead of his fist connecting with me, like I expect it to, his boot does. The underside of his heel is flung upward and I'm out again with the neck snap, the jaw crack, and the gasp from me as the blood between my teeth is splattered onto the floor at my side. "Is it really so hard?" I shake my head, but I'm positive what I mean to get out is something along the lines of 'hard, no. But it is not possible '. But my mouth is immovable. Inoperable. Broken, possibly. If the pain is indication, something is most definitely broken. Fields sighs and wipes the blood out of my other eye, the one I can't open, "We just want you to answer a few questions for us, Peeta. It's that simple. The people of Panem never have to know. And Katniss doesn't either." I glare up at him now, with both eyes, and he just smiles. "We could cut out your tongue," he suggests, "Make you an Avox. Or cut off your balls, you might miss those." I roll my eyes and look away. The threat is so pointless, weightless, I know he's just trying to startle me into an answer. But I'm not as cellophane encompassed as his threats are. "Now, now, Peeta," Fields walks around to my other side, trying to get me to look at him directly, "You're grown enough, surely you know that acting like a spoiled brat is only going to get you killed." I don't answer him mostly because I can't. And if I could, I'd just spit more blood in his face; my mouth is full of it. He frowns when I don't even bother to try and respond, "Fine. We'll do this the hard way, then." The doctor that's been standing at the door behind him, kit in hand, moves to me as well now and lifts up my chin from my right shoulder. "Three?" He asks, glasses sliding a little down his crooked nose, and Fields nods. My eyes watch his shaking fingers, old, wrinkled fingers, wrought with time and knowledge as they fold open the kit against his forearm and pluck out the third instrument in a line of tools. I can't stop the obvious fear from showing over my face as my breathing speeds up, because I can't help but remember what happened last time. This one is different though from the one that mentally damaged my hands. One end is curled up like a pig's tail, the cup of metal against it is like a deep spoon, and the base is twisted together. Innocent unless you know that it's going to completely compromise me. And there's going to be a worse effect to it, I think, then the last one. Fields leaves the room with a turn of his long black boots and the doctor, who stares down at me pitifully, puts a set of yellow plugs into his ears. He reaches out with the tool and watches me close. But the sound of the instrument, to my best knowledge, is normally so subtle until pressed against my face. So I'm wondering why he's doing this. It's obvious enough when he flicks it. He doesn't want to be deafened by my screams. The sound, unlike anything else, feels like it's ripping my spine open, like it tears the very flesh and muscle, bone and cartilage into pieces. Like it's eating me alive. My mouth, saliva filling it, opens in pain because I can't hold it closed anymore. Tears spring to my eyes. My fingers tingle on the tips with an odd, painful numbness. I can even feel the sharp sting, pulling up my thigh, through my groin, lacing around my intestines and finally the sick bubbles forth. I can't control the clutching of my stomach as I relive everything I've eaten from the day before. I can't move at all as my muscles clinch, my arms lock up and start shaking violently out of my control. Every time I try to fight them down it feels like my bones are shattering in the protest. The screaming turns my puke red eventually. And, in time, I've crawled to a corner and screamed there, trying to put my arm to my mouth to stop it. Trying not to give Snow the satisfaction. But I can't. I don't have that much control. I don't have any control. Someone is stabbing underneath my ribs with the legs of a splintered, wooden chair and is twisting it around in the organs. Someone's using their long nails to rip down the threads of my muscles, ripping the nerves in my teeth, digging in behind my eyes with a hot poker. There's no way to sleep with this pain shooting through me, but to fall unconscious once again. And then I lurch forth from the dark, sheer agony pumping me awake, keeping me alert as my body throbs. It's obvious after some time, that I'm not going to get through this in any easy way. Moving my legs hurts, moving my arms hurts, blinking, wincing, screaming hurts. And the only thing that stops me is when my body finally locks me up from the shock and my heart gives out. Life rushes back into me and I'm spluttering awake, mouth full of blood, some of it dried against my teeth, terror pulsing through me, pain screaming from my sides and back, and I snap my eyes open to see where I am. I turn over on my side and gag at the coagulated blood, spit it out, try to stop the vomit and stomach acid that follows, but fail to. "Session fifteen, Katniss Everdeen," I hear a voice from somewhere around, but