Breaking Free A/N: The usual disclaimers, not my characters, no money being made etc. JKR owns the books and characters. Any additional characters or settings are mine. Genera is Crime/Romance Rating is M for future chapters. Story is of course AU. Ship is Harry/Hermione Chapter 1. "Lose the mudblood Potter!" Ron Weasley commanded, as he saw Harry sitting beside Hermione Granger. A smirk played on his lips as he saw Harry start to comply. Those potions that Dumbledore supplied him to keep Potter in control were amazing. He'd keep the jumped up half-blood minding him for as long as it took to get his hands on some of the Potter fortune. He scowled as he thought of the previous years, not knowing that Potter was rich and Dumbledore hadn't told him. Dumbledore had let it slip to his mum last year when he thought it was time to push his sister Ginny into a marriage contract with the boy to spread the Potter wealth around a bit. Albus had so far been unable to touch the main Potter vault at Gringotts, but had seriously depleted his trust vault every year, leaving just enough to give the impression that he had a great deal of money. In truth, he'd salted the stacks of Galleons with Knuts underneath, leading the observer to believe there was a vast fortune in the vault when in reality there was only a few hundred Galleons and thousands of Knuts. That would all change when the Weasley girl married him and gained control of the main Potter vault. After she gained control, he would simply kill the boy. The Goblins had tried to interfere, but since he'd declared himself Potter's magical guardian, they couldn't do anything. The mudblood Granger had introduced herself to Mr. Potter this year when they had boarded the train together. Ron had been delayed by his mother giving last minute instructions. Harry had simply continued onto the Hogwarts Express with Hermione finding a seat for them both. When Ron caught up to them, they were conversing animatedly, seemingly happy. That would not do! They weren't even in the same house, Granger being in Ravenclaw and Potter where he belonged in Gryffindor with Ron and Ginny. Unfortunately for Ron, he'd forgotten to dose Harry that morning and Harry was already starting to recover from the Imperious potion. He liked the bushy-haired witch and wondered why he'd never tried to make friends with her before. As Ron spoke the words, he could feel the compulsion to obey and started to rise, when he saw the look on Hermione's face. Her face fell and a look of desolation overcame her. Hermione had always felt an attraction to Harry Potter, but didn't know how to approach him. It was now sixth year and she was growing desperate. Ignored by most of the school, even though she was uncommonly brilliant. Her blood status, being muggleborn worked to isolate her from most of the school, even her own housemates generally looked down on her and bullied her. The teachers were no help, although her head of house, Professor Flitwick, was very supportive. She was a shy, retiring girl, with a drive to excel in everything she did. Almost hidden in the student population, Hermione worked very hard to be the top student every year. She had no friends, but now that Harry Potter had talked to her before boarding the train and seemed genuinely impressed with her intelligence, she had smiled and engaged in conversation. He was very nice, but she could sense that something was off with him. At times, she would look at him and see a faraway look in his gorgeous green eyes. It was almost like he had spaced out and now the look had returned. Intimidated by the arse that was Ronald Weasley, she started to get up to leave when a very strange thing happened. "NO!" Harry shouted as his faraway look disappeared and anger suffused his face. Harry had felt odd all morning and could not put a name to the feeling. A clarity of mind would brush him at odd moments this morning and the later it got, the clearer his mind became. When Ron commanded him to leave Hermione, something snapped as he started to obey. He'd been enjoying talking to the bushy-haired witch that had accompanied him from the platform and did not intend to give that up. The startled look on Ron Weasley's face quickly turned to a scowl. "What did you say, Potter? You WILL do as I say!" "I said NO, arsehole!" and he punctuated that declaration with a fist to his gut. Ron dropped, holding his stomach, trying to catch his breath. Harry followed it up with an uppercut to Ron's chin, laying the redhead out cold. Hermione was stunned. "H-Harry? W-what?" she stuttered. "Let's go, Hermione, this won't be good when he wakes up." Harry grabbed Hermione's hand and urged her out of the compartment. The train had just started to move as the pair left the train. Standing together at the far end of the platform, Harry scanned the mostly deserted platform, satisfied that no one had noticed the pair leave the train. "But Harry, what about school?" Hermione asked, panicking slightly. "You don't know what I've been through, Hermione! We're both in danger, maybe you almost as much as me. We're not safe there. Let's move, it's not safe here either. I'll fill you in when we find a safe place. You'll have to tell your parents as well. We can't leave them unprotected. That will be our first concern. I know we haven't spent much time together, but you'll have to trust me on this. I'll explain everything, but first, how do we get to your parents' place?" Hermione struggled to understand what Harry was telling her. "Um, maybe they haven't left the station yet. The car park is close by at St. Pancras Station." "I'll follow you, hurry," he urged. "They won't know I'm missing until the train gets to Hogsmeade Station. By then we can be far away." Walking quickly, Hermione led Harry off the platform, out the front and around the adjacent St. Pancras Station until they spotted Hermione's parents just getting into their auto, a nice BMW five series. "Mum, Dad!" she called and her mum turned as she recognised her daughter's voice. "Hermione? What on earth? I thought you were on the train. And who is this with you?" Practically running, she paused in front of her mother, a little out of breath. "Mum, we need to get out of here soon. This is my friend, Harry Potter. Mum, he says we are in danger! Daddy, can you drive us somewhere that you know is safe?" "Gracious, Hermione, what's happening?" "No time, Mum. Get in, Harry! He'll explain once we're underway." Hermione introduced them to Harry and they shook hands. Monica and Wendell Granger were bright attractive parents. Monica had Hermione's slightly bushy but blonde hair and a slender figure with green eyes. Wendell had Hermione's chocolate brown eyes and straight brown hair. "Hermione and I got caught up in a bit of trouble at King's Cross after we were seated on the train," Harry explained when they were seated. "I started talking to Hermione, and one of the boys at our school has been controlling me for a couple of years, through potions. I broke through this morning and came to my senses when he told me to leave Hermione. Now she's in danger as well once word gets out. You, being her parents, will also be in danger, as they will try to control you to report where we are. Failing that, it could quickly spiral out of control and you would be hurt or worse, killed to make a point. These wizards are not very nice people, although some are worse than others. Almost everyone at school is untrustworthy, although I know a few that might be. People pretend to be my friend, but I haven't had any true friends for years now. Most have been driven off. You know Luna Lovegood, Hermione? I trust her, and Neville Longbottom. But that's it and those two have been potioned to obey the Headmaster and stay away from me, although Luna may have broken free as well." "Luna! She's a year below us, Harry. She's a little odd, but I like her. What about Padma Patil? She seems nice enough?" "Padma is Parvati's twin and Parvati is definitely not trustworthy," Harry warned. The two parents and two teens were soon away, travelling north and east they wound up an hour and a quarter later pulling into at a small dental clinic in Cambridge. Hermione and Harry followed her parents inside. It was early afternoon and everyone was hungry. Wendell mentioned take away and Monica volunteered to get something from the local pizza place. On the Hogwarts Express: Ginny made her way back to the compartment that Ron and Harry were in, smirking to herself. Harry was fully under their control now and it would be easy to get him to propose to her this year. After the marriage, Dumbledore would see that Harry was a good little boy and turned over control of his parents vault to her and then he would simply 'disappear'. An accident with the Death Eaters and they would all be rich. Entering the compartment, Ginny gasped. Her brother Ron was lying in an awkward position on the seats, head lolled to one side. Blood seeped from his nose and a large purple bruise adorned his chin. She shook him and finally had to take her wand and cast an enervate to wake him. "What happened?" she screeched. "Where's Harry?" Ron groggily shook his head, rubbing his chin and stomach. "He hit me! That shouldn't have been possible. Find him!" "What? That's impossible, he should still be under the potions. You did remember to give them to him this morning?" she glared at her brother. Ron flinched as he thought back. "Erm, I may have forgotten, we were in such a rush." "You idiot! Well, he can't have gone far," she snarled. "You check the rear and I'll check forward. Be careful, take someone with you. Harry has been getting more powerful lately. I'll round up the twins." She glared again at her dimwitted brother. "Wait," Ron called. "That mudblood Granger might be with him. They were talking when I came in." "Granger? That bushy-hared know-it-all? Why would he talk to her?" "Dunno, but when I told him to lose her, he yelled 'NO' and hit me." Ginny cast the stink eye at him and growled. "Go, we'll deal with her later. Stun her when you find her. I'll teach her to interfere!" Minutes later, they met up in the compartment. "They're not on the train," Ron proclaimed. "You looked in all the compartments?" Ginny questioned acerbically. "Ron, they must me here, they're too young to apparate, besides, you can't apparate on the Hogwarts Express." "Yes, I checked all the compartments, twice in fact. Neither are on board." "They must have left before the train started. Oh this won't be good when Dumbledore finds out. Where do you think they went?" Ginny pondered. "Well, not the Dursleys for sure, he hates them. Probably the mudblood's place. "We'll have to send an owl to Dumbledore. I'll get Pig," Ron answered. "Really, Ron! That bird is practically useless. We'll be in Hogsmeade before it gets there." Elsewhere on the train: Luna Lovegood was humming to herself, a small smile on her lips. The quirky blonde had seen what others had not. She had noticed Harry and Hermione leave the train before it left. 'They'll be safe now.' She thought to herself. 'I suppose I should have left with them.' Neville had also been wondering what had happened to Harry, but his mind was still a bit confused from the potion. His Gran had