I saw an AU on Tumblr about Johanna and Katniss being mentors instead of having to re-enter the arena and paired with my friend nagging me, this came about. This chapter is basically setting the scene and I've tried to condense it into a small amount so that the majority of the story will focus on the new Quell and Joniss as mentors. It's rated M for violence and probably some swearing. Also if I slip into my usual ways, smut, but I am trying to keep it relatively clean. Anyway, hope you enjoy, reviews are welcome as always and I apologize in advance for any mistakes. Disclaimer: I should probably say that I don't own the Hunger Games, though that will become evident as the story progresses because I definitely would have gone in this direction. Chapter One - After the Storm: " Times of great calamity and confusion have been productive for the greatest minds. The purest ore is produced from the hottest furnace. The brightest thunder-bolt is elicited from the darkest storm." – Charles Caleb Colton I have no idea how I'm still alive. As if going into the hunger games wasn't enough of a death sentence, I pushed the boundaries; I forced two winners upon the Capitol – that should have been the moment the dripping ink, dried upon the dotted line, sealing my fate. I should be dead. Correction. I should have been murdered, for breaking the rules, for making others think that maybe, just maybe, they could break the rules too. But, regardless of impending rebellion I haven't been killed, nor has anyone I love. I suppose the latter is more shocking since, if the rumours are true, Snow has a bit of a fixation on killing the loved ones of those who oppose him. Nothing's happened though, but perhaps that's the point, the calm before the storm, the eerie silence before the flinch inducing scream. Maybe vengeance will occur, or maybe my punishment was simply the victory tour since it seemed to be a fate worse than death and the event hadn't even begun yet. The second bomb I found myself waiting to explode was named Gale. The boy I'd left behind. The one that had seen the whole situation between me and Peeta, the very believable - albeit fake – act of the Capitol's favourite star-crossed lovers who were pushed together by the Hunger Games. Basically there was no escape from the fallout of the games. Hunting seemed like a bad decision and it was less to do with the laws and more to do with the boy who was currently working in the mines to feed his family and yet I found myself in the woods anyway. I still see him, on Sunday's, but the ease of our relationship has gone and I'm constantly waiting for him to burst, to finally break the silence and speak the words on his mind, that even though he doesn't say, are louder than anything that could come from his mouth. But for now I sat, basically motionless on a rock, staring into nowhere and knowing that really I should move. I should stand up and use my limbs before they went into a current state of paralysis and my luck brought upon an onslaught of wild, vicious man eating dogs to rip apart my pale skin but I couldn't move, I simply sat and continued to think about the mess that was my existence. As if there weren't enough problems in my life there was the third, to which we will refer to as the bread boy, 'my' bread boy, who had begun sulking around in a manner that meant we hadn't had a real conversation since we got to Victor's Village. It's not my fault he fell in love with me. I mean, it's not like I asked him to love me and then brood when I didn't really return the feelings. I certainly never usually got that kind of attention, perhaps my sterling personality was what he loved or my natural charm? No, definitely not, whatever was that boy thinking? The icy chill of the air began to dull as the sun started slipping through the spaces between the trees. The day was dawning upon me and it was a day I had been dreading since my return. The Victory Tour. They'll all be at my house soon, endless amounts of people I didn't really want on my doorstep, reporters upon reporter upon reporters each one of them bringing their own camera crew to capture the 'girl on fire'. Then there would be Effie Trinket, presumably sporting some unrealistic hair colour especially for the Victory Tour. Cinna would be there too, but I'm not dreading that like the others though the prep team that would probably accompany him is another matter altogether. In my dreams I forget the Hunger Games entirely but the reality of the situation means I have to relive the horror all over again. Though that is the purpose of the whole escapade, to remind the districts of the barbaric acts in the games, to keep the fear of death imminent and immediate. It's a way of forcing us into celebrating the iron grasp that the Capitol holds on everyone they view as beneath them, simply pawns on a chess board of their own devising. Only this year, I'm the one who has to stand in front of the public. I'm the one who has to travel from district to district talking to people who only really view me as the one who murdered their family, their friends, the one who had the ability to rip their life away and took it. They must loathe me and truthfully I don't blame them, I loathe me, but I had to survive, for Prim. I manage to stand from the rock, silently begging my legs to work again as they refuse to be anything but numb, almost as though they were mimicking my soul. I take the animals that are caught in a cleverly built contraption, stuffing them unceremoniously into a bag before wandering back, under the fence, to my home. My old home. To the place before the Hunger Games, before I was stuck in Victors Village with only a drunk man and a silent baker for neighbours. I allow myself a moment to enjoy my old home before I bring some of the animals from the traps to Gale's mother, quietly thankful that he isn't at home. The next thing I do to waste some more time before having to deal with the Tour is go to the hob. Buying liquor for Haymitch is the least I can do for all he did for me and after seeing him during withdrawal it only seems right to have a supply of it so that he doesn't continue to thrash and scream and shout, scaring Prim and admittedly me. That's the point when I finally admit there isn't much else to do other then return home, back to the ruckus that was the wake of the Hunger Games. I passed Darius on the way back and although my mood seemed to be deteriorating with every passing second I found myself smiling at his jesting about how I look. Then I find myself in Victors Village, staring at the twelve house that are excessively large, nine of them unlived in, just sitting there surrounded by greenery and falling snow being unused and wasted, sitting there empty when families could have been living in them, enjoying the warmth and space they provided. I walked up to one of the houses that belongs to Haymitch, pushing open the door and flinching in disgust at what's inside. The smell alone is repulsive, the stench of years of vomit, liquor and burnt meat invading my nostrils, giving me the urge to add to the vile odour of vomit that lingers in the air. But I push forward, cursing Haymitch for not letting someone clean his house or at least cleaning it well himself. I find him face planting a table that's coated in liquor and I wonder whether his snores are actually his way of trying to drink the liquor in his sleep. No matter what they were I try to pull him out of his reverie but nothing works and so I go to my last resort. I collect a bucket and watch the blue swirly hue of water pour from the tap and into the bucket I'm holding, before I throw the liquid onto his head and watch in amusement as he jumps up quickly, slashing the air mindlessly with the knife that stays in his hand as he sleeps. He looks confused during our entire conversation, spending most of his time staring bemusedly at his soaked shirt before he finally poses the question about it. Only it gets worse because then Peeta walks in, the smell of freshly baked bread following him like a sheep with a Sheppard. The sound of his voice makes me squirm slightly as my stomach curls into an uncomfortable knot of guilt, sadness and fear. The atmosphere in the room is intensely awkward and I could practically feel the tension thicken as Haymitch made a witty remark and Peeta proceeded to ask me if I wanted some bread. To say I ran out of there after the whole ordeal would be an understatement, I flew out of the window racing to the 'safety' of my house. I found myself in the tub before I had even had a chance to process my thoughts. I let the warm currents rush over me and block out the sounds around me. Being around Peeta was horrible, though it was better than being visited by Snow; perhaps our act had been believable enough for him to let us be, at least for a little while. Even under the water I could hear the commotion of people. The sounds of people stomping and slamming car doors echo even as the water rushes around signalling my time to get out of the bath. I only manage to slip my bathrobe on before they burst through the door with exclamations about how I've let myself go. That's when it began, the poking and prodding and continued scrutinising of my look. Though, even now I don't understand why they put so much effort into making us look presentable to simply throw us into an arena full of filth – both literal and metaphorical. But I had to look wonderful for the Tour if only to appease those who could rip everything I have away from me and it wasn't all that back really having them rush around in excitement, even if it were misplaced. The real buzz in the room comes from the idea of me being a mentor for the first time in a Quarter Quell. I don't know much of them apart from the fact that they occur every 25 years and the Capitol find some sick, twisted way to mark the event which usually entails more people being murdered or some kind of twist of fate that also ends in death. The final touches of my look came from Cinna, who unlike most of those crowding in district twelve I was actually happy to see. My mother hands me my mockingjay pin with cradled hands and Cinna pins in on the knot of my scarf. I handled the makeover just fine but the real issue came when I found myself being pushed from my house, when I found myself being forced to put on my face and play along with the charade of the games and that meant pulling wistful looks and begging the world to come along in my sickeningly sweet love adventure with everyone's favourite baker boy. We slip onto the snow merrily and share a kiss and underneath the charade I can feel the steadiness of Peeta but I can