I couldn't help myself - I wanted to know what happens to Iris, Oliver and co. after the war. So I started this. I've gotten a fair bit of it done already, but I'm in the process of rewriting. I decided I wanted to take the story in a bit of a different direction after I had gotten most of it done, so I'm making the necessary changes. I'll probably only put up the first two chapters for now until I get the rewrites done, so apologies in advance if it's not regularly updated for a bit. Anyway, hope you enjoy! It was a bright, warm day. Iris sat on a balcony that overlooked Diagon Alley, soaking in as much sun as she could, making up for the year she had been locked away in a magical coma. She often spent her mornings and afternoons out there - when she wasn't out exploring the city - soothed by the noise of people bustling up and down the street or rebuilding shops and homes that had been destroyed over the past year. It was a respite from the empty quiet of the flat that seemed to suffocate her. There was only so much cleaning she could do every day to occupy her thoughts. Her feet were propped up on the edge of a wrought iron railing that ran the entire length of the balcony, an open book in her lap. Next to her, a mug of tea sat cooling on a matching table. She had to admit, Oliver did have a nice flat. Looking at it now, it was nearly unrecognizable from when they had first arrived a few weeks ago after spending the summer helping rebuild Hogwarts. It had taken the better part of a week for them to get it back to rights and replace most of the furniture. But they had managed and now you couldn't even tell that it had been ransacked while he was on the run. Her heart contracted slightly as her thoughts drifted to Oliver. After the initial joy of being reunited, things had taken a sharp turn in the opposite direction. She had so much hope for them at the beginning of the summer, especially after they had spent a week with his family in Scotland. And at the times things had seemed like they would continue going well. Though even Iris had to admit that it was foolish of her to expect that they could pick up exactly where they left off. They had both survived a war. One that took too many innocent people. But in that small alcove of hope in Scotland, for a week following the final battle Iris had forgotten about the potential struggles to come. May 2, 1998 "Are you sure this is okay," Iris asked nervously. She looked down at her dirty clothes, then over at Harry. They were all still wearing what they had fought in. And they all could desperately use a shower or bath. Mrs. Weasley had fixed them up so at least they didn't have any wounds, but Iris was sore, tired and starving. Oliver had insisted they would be welcomed at his parents' house nearby and it would be more comfortable than staying at Hogwarts or Hogsmeade. Plus, he needed to see them and let them know he was alive. This was not exactly how Iris had planned to meet Oliver's parents for the first time, but she figured it was for the best. And Harry was part of the package when it came to Iris, so best they all meet at once. Before they had made it halfway down the path, the door open and a woman walked out. She stopped right in front of the door, shocked. Her hands covering her mouth as tears filled her eyes. She was short, but it was obvious that Oliver had her eyes and smile. Her light brown hair was pulled back in a low bun with curly tendrils sneaking out around the edges of her face. It was streaked with gray. She gasped, trying to hold back her sobs. "Oliver?" she said. He took one step towards her but she ran the rest of the way and threw her arms around him. He completely enveloped her small frame as she began sobbing. "We thought we had lost you!" Behind her, a tall man walked out with teary eyes of his own, a look of surprise on his face. It didn't take a genius to see the similarities between him and Oliver as he walked over and threw his arms around both his wife and son. They had the same height and build, though age and time had weathered him. Possibly worry for his only son as well. But looking at his face, it was like seeing an older version of Oliver. Iris and Harry stood back, allowing them their family reunion. Harry reached over and grabbed Iris' hand, squeezing it. She looked over at him and smiled. She still couldn't quite believe how much he had grown in the year since she left. So many things had changed - herself and Oliver included. Oliver's mother let go of him and looked up at him, cupping his face in her hands. "You're here," she said, grinning. Oliver nodded. She then looked over and took notice of Iris and Harry. Her eyes widened as she saw the Boy Who Lived standing on the path to her house. She looked back to Oliver, her eyes questioning him. But then turned back to Iris and Harry, smiling warmly. "Mum… this is Harry and… Red. Though, ehm, well. There's lots to explain, but her real name is Iris - not Lauren - and she's Harry's aunt," he said. Iris gulped, a bit worried as Mrs. Wood looked at her son, a bit confused. But then she looked back at the two of them and grinned. She walked over and hugged Iris. "It's so good to finally meet you," she said. Iris hugged her back, smiling at Oliver over her shoulder. The older witch stepped back and looked at Iris. "You're every bit as beautiful as Oliver said you were." She then looked over at Harry and hugged him as well. "Never in my life would I have thought I'd meet you, Harry. But all the same, I feel as though I know you from all the talk Oliver's done," she said. She stepped back and looked at Oliver, then Iris and Harry again. "Well, come on in. Let's get you all inside. From the looks of you, I'm sure you're a fair bit hungry and tired. I've just got supper ready," she said. They followed her in. The inside of the house was much bigger than it appeared outside, but quaint and cozy. "Please, have a seat," she said, motioning to the table. Oliver moved to sit and Iris sat next to him with Harry across from them. Mr. Wood sat at one end of the table, next to Iris. Mrs. Wood waved her wand and dishes moved themselves to the table. Oliver's father so far hadn't said anything, just studied their guests contemplatively, then smiling at Oliver. It made Iris slightly nervous. Soon enough the table was laden with food and Mrs. Wood had taken her seat. "Go on then. Eat," she urged. They filled their plates and Oliver and Harry eagerly dug in. Iris stared at her plate a moment, then took a bite. It was her first meal in over a year. The taste was heavenly. She almost moaned in delight, but caught herself in time and instead tucked in with gusto. Mrs. Wood smiled, reaching out to lightly touch Oliver's arm every now and again. She was beyond thrilled to have her son back and it warmed her heart to see her table full. "So, it's over, is it?" Oliver's father asked quietly, finally saying something. Oliver paused in eating and looked over, nodding. "Yes. He's been defeated. Thanks to Harry here," Oliver said. Harry looked down at his plate, a bit shy. He then looked up and locked eyes with Iris. "I couldn't have done it without Iris, though," he said. Iris slowed her chewing, smiling a bit. She shook her head. "It was all you, Harry," she said once she could. "I feel there are many things to talk about, but let's put that off a bit. For now, just eat," Mrs. Wood said, smiling. Once dinner had been finished and the dishes put away - Iris had insisted on helping, but Mrs. Wood shushed her and pushed her to the sofa - the five of them sat in the parlor. "Where were you?" Mrs. Wood finally asked, looking at Oliver. "What happened? It's been a year." Oliver looked at Iris, then back at his mother, trying to decide exactly where to start. He hadn't had time to explain before he went into hiding. "Mo chroi, I dare said this calls for somethin' a bit stronger than tea," Mr. Wood said. He stood and walked over to a cabinet, then pulled out a bottle. He waved his wand and five glasses flew over, everyone took one from the air. He then walked around and poured out a bit in each, filling his own last. He placed the bottle on a table and then sat next to his wife on a sofa across from Oliver and Iris. "It's the best Scotland has to offer," he said with a small smile, holding his glass up. They all took a sip before Oliver spoke. "Ehm, well, I suppose the best place to start is the beginning," he said, looking at Iris, his eyes questioning if she wanted to speak or let him. Iris cleared her throat. "Well… for starters, I'm the younger sister of Lily Potter," she began. For the next few minutes or so, everyone was silent as she told her story. She left out the darker parts and summarized. She continued talking up until the night she fought off Bellatrix and Brom to save Wood and then went silent. She didn't need to keep secrets anymore, but it was still hard to talk about. "It was... a bit too much for me at the time," she said finally, looking at her hands in her lap, holding her glass. She still felt the sting of guilt that she couldn't control her power then. But then she looked up at Oliver's parents sitting across from her. "And so, I needed time to heal. I was in a sort of sleep or coma for over a year," she said. "From there, I don't know much until I woke up… during the battle." Everyone was silent. Iris looked at Harry, anxious. He was hearing some of this for the first time as well. He took another sip of his whisky. Oliver cleared his throat. "Because I was connected to Iris and her cover - Lauren - I had to go into hiding after that. The Order was worried they would come after me to get to Iris. I spent the year with Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks," he said. Iris caught her breath. She didn't know this. "I'm sorry I couldn't get word. I was too afraid they would come for you if I tried to contact you." Iris reached over and took his hand, squeezing it. "But then we got word that Harry was at Hogwarts and Voldemort was going there, so we moved quickly," Oliver said. He went silent again. The three of them reliving their various parts in the battle. "We lost Remus and Tonks." Tears started forming in Iris eyes. "And for a bit, we thought we lost Harry too. But… he lived. And because of him and Iris… we won," he summarized. He looked down at Iris' hand in his and then up into her eyes. He squeezed her hand back. "And now… we're together again," he said. He looked over