After the war ended and Gimli and I traveled to those places we had promised one another to visit, we then, not yet tired of roving, resolved to go east past the mountains of Mordor and explore those wild lands. There we encountered orcs and goblins aplenty, slaying them as we found them and so doing our duty to make the world more hospitable. Thus we justified our rambling even knowing that our parents and our people were wondering when we'd return to our responsibilities. As our path took us further and further from home, we talked of ourselves and our people, sharing stories and trading words in each of our languages until we could almost understand one another, except that Gimli complained that all elvish ran together and he could never tell where one word ended and the other began. By the time we reached the mountains far to the east and south, beyond the great desert, I was sure that I'd learned almost everything there was to know about him. I was to find such was not the case. We'd stopped at a tiny keep squatting under the lee of a cliff. Had it been up to me, we'd have avoided such places but Gimli was in the mood for ale. Strangers were welcomed as a curiosity and I bartered stories and Gimli a bit of smoke leaf for drink and supper. While speaking of nothing in particular I turned to my companion and noted a number of silver hairs in his beard. "Gimli, you are getting old," I remarked. And then, teasing, "Do you think it's time for you to look for a wife?" Gimli smiled and said to me, "A dwarf will love but one person in their lifetime and I already love." I turned my head to stare and he did the same. My incomprehension was met with his own. "The Lady Galadriel," he said at last, stunned by my ignorance. "She's married !" I blurted out, amused, still not believing. I knew that he had some feeling for her but to expend his one dwarvish love on a queen among elves? Absurd. Gimli waved his hand, troubled not at all. "So she is married," he repeated. "What does that matter to me? Galadriel isn't a jewel. That is a different kind of love. This is the one, true love. I don't need to touch or possess her." I pondered this a moment, gazing askance at my companion. I'd heard things about dwarves before but never gave it much thought. One never knows what is true and what isn't and I had no desire to find out until now. "And you can never love another?" I was incredulous. "Never," he answered serenely. "Not even in another time, another world?" By now he was used to what he accused me of 'perverse elven philosophizing' and answered without question, "No. In all worlds, in all times, every Gimli will love every Galadriel without fail and never another. Why is-" I ought to have let him continue but I had something in mind. My forward motion and wagging finger interrupted his thought. "Tonight I will sleep," I said, leaning across the table and smirking at my joke. "And I will dream of a Gimli who does not love Galadriel. And then he will exist." Dwarves do not like teasing and so elves delight in teasing dwarves above all others, yet I was sorry to have done so just then. Instead of amusingly irritated, Gimli looked alarmed and then deeply troubled. I waited for a reply and got none. "How tiresome that must be!" I exclaimed, remembering how, when we were children, my companions and I chased one another around and around, each in turn, love sick and heartbroken perpetually until, at last, we matured and tired of the game. We were too young for real love. I imagined something like that, feeling the dread of being unloved by your beloved forever. Gimli shook his head. "Not at all. There is nothing better than to know, with every beat of your heart, whom you will love forever. I know it matters not a whit to you, silly, frivolous thing that you are, but it means a great deal to me that you do not dream me being in love with any but Galadriel." He was in earnest so I said that I would not and went back to investigating what the men here pass as food. I didn't sleep that night but sat in the window and gazed at the heavens turning overhead. Gimli would be little more than a child were he of my race and yet in the matter of love he seemed eternally older than I. What might it be like? The repulsion I had felt at first trickled away. Wistfully I thought of love certain as the tide. A young elf's love is a spring's bloom, quick to flower, quick to fade. Elves marry and bear children because they are very good friends and they are absolutely true to one another for the same reason. Lust only lasts a little while. They do not then part ways as humans do. Perhaps, I thought, a dwarf's eternal love and the love of friends are really one and the same. I saw again the light in his eyes that had not been there before. No, it's very different. I then recalled my father and how his voice grew soft when speaking of my mother and my childhood. Perhaps elves do feel such a love, but not I, not yet, even though I am old enough to be a dwarf's great, great grandfather and many of my friends were already married. We left early that morning, he on his pony and I on my horse, traveling south with no destination and no more intention than exploring the wide world. Gentle slopes of short turf and heather swept down toward a wall of slender, pale aspens where fire had come through and killed the pines. I listened to the sound of leaves and continued puzzling through the nature of dwarves. What was once repellent to me had now become a curiosity and this new revelation was more curious than most. As I pondered I began to feel slack and lazy, disinclined to do much but muse. On the third day Gimli stopped his pony and turned full around to glare and growl, "What is wrong with you?" I, too, stopped. "Not a remark," he exclaimed, "on this bird or that beast as you've never seen. Nor endless waxing on the trees here, or what unpleasant gossip they might be spreading about me. But this," he held up a finger, "this is what is most troubling. Not a song in three days. Not even humming. My ears are ringing in my skull with the silence of it. Are you dying?" I gave a little laugh. "I am only thinking!" His answer was a look-terse but a little too long. He was worried. I laughed again at his worries and walked on. That night I slept and dreamed and woke full of guilt and feeling sick in the pit of my stomach. I'd done precisely as Gimli had asked me not to. While we toasted bits of rabbit over the breakfast coals I said apologetically, "I dreamed of you with another." He was less angry than I though he would be. "With whom?" he asked. "I believe it was a dwarf." He gave me a funny look, as though the answer were a strange one. I suppose it was. Whom else would it be if not a dwarf? He asked, "Did I have any children?" I told him that I did not know and he sighed. "Never having sons will have been my only regret." The idea of Gimli with sons was strangely unsettling and I silenced myself. The unease in my stomach did not leave me as we traveled on but grew until I was trembling. Having never felt sickness I was perplexed more than frightened. Knowing plants that could be poisonous to man and animal, I wondered then if there were something in this strange country poisonous to elves. I hadn't eaten anything unknown to me. The small morsel I managed to swallow at the keep was terrible, truly, but not enough to be deadly. Still, I grew worse as the days progressed, from mere discomfort to intense disquiet. I was not in physical pain yet I was in a deep misery. Gimli's flippant question about the untimely end of my life was beginning to feel like a portend. When he stopped again he did not need to ask if something was wrong. "The land here may be evil," I murmured as I slid from Khelek's pale back. "It's like nothing I've felt." "Your horse does not think so, and he will complain at a mere whiff of moral ambiguity." Gimli rarely made jokes and when he did they always caught me off guard. I gave a delighted but whimpering laugh. He lead me to a bed of soft moss and bade me sit while he watered the animals. I must have dozed; when I came around there were flames dancing in front of me. Gimli had built a fire and was staring at me across it. Khelek knickered to get my attention and Gimli was on his feet with his ax in hand. Dwarves can move remarkably fast when they've a mind to. "You were right," said he, "there's something-" "No," I interrupted, knowing the language of my horse, "it is my people." They slid from the trees like pale deer, silent, gazing with china eyes. I had never seen an elf with blue eyes before or since. Their tongue, when it reached my ears, was my own but of a strange dialect I did not recognize. "You are safe here," they said to me and when Gimli glowered and bristled I told him to lower his weapon. He did so grudgingly. The shy people came forward then, not smiling but with such a peaceful air that I knew we were in no danger. They touched my face and throat and Gimli stood back to give them room, still gripping his ax and frowning. He may have come to trust me and my kin, but strange elves, never. Their homes were beautiful and sleek, nestled in the slender aspens. I was welcomed as the prince that I was and put to bed until the king, then hunting in the deeper pines, could visit me. He was doe-eyed, soft. Nimthond was his name. He and his attendants greeted me formally, standing around my bed, white and slim as the trees. Gimli was a shaggy and unwelcome boar amongst groomed deer and knew it but he stayed as well, obstinately seated by my headboard with arms crossed and hackles raised. "Have you seen the ocean?" was the first meaningful question Nimthond asked of me and I did not know the purpose of it nor how to answer. "No," I said, blinking. "Why?" He explained. "Further south is a bay leading on to the southern ocean. Had you visited the shore, I might believe you were suffering a desire to leave for Valinor. Sometimes our young people, those who have not lived long enough to establish roots, will grow very ill with it until they must leave or fade away. It is rare but known among those of us who live near the water." One of his daughters, only just out of childhood, turned to her father with wide eyes. "Could he have glimpsed the southern sea coming over the mountains?" "Yes, Dearheart, that is possible, had they taken the high pass." I was in terror, then, that I should have seen it- a bright glimmer of distant water I mistook for a sunspot, but enough that I must sail away or suffer this heart-sickness. Surely this was what Galadriel had