The mist from the ocean bounces off the jagged rocks and tickles my face. The mist is cold and salty, it wakes me up almost instantly. I bite my lips as I strip off my clothes to reveal my faded striped swim suit that is a size too small and a hand-me-down from my older sister Kassi. I could always ask my parents for a new swimsuit but I didn't need it anymore. I wouldn't be here for much longer anyways. I dip my toe into the water and shiver at how invigorating it is. The perfect way to chase away sleep is by jumping into the ice cold ocean. So that's exactly what I do. The water envelopes around me and shocks my system into going numb. I tumble around in the waves for a few moments and it reminds me of when I was first being taught how to swim. My older brother, Finnick, was given the task of teaching me since both my parents had to work. Instead of showing me the strokes and how to float like how most people taught children to swim, he just tossed me into the water. Finnick would have never let me drown and the water wasn't even very deep but still that moment was one of the most terrifying moments of my life. Finnick obviously knew what he was doing though because not only was I the first kid my age in the neighborhood that learned how to swim, I also one of the best swimmers. I come up to the surface and take big heaving breaths of the fresh morning air. My body has been numbed by the cold water but I'm wide awake now. The sea is calm today and the weather is surprisingly clear. The sky is usually a cloudy overcast grey where the blue sky can barely breakthrough in the mornings. The water is also usually churning like it's in a constant battle with itself and the shore. Not today though, it's almost eerie how quiet it is. The sun is just starting to become warm overhead and I know I only have about two hours before I need to return home. My results are coming in the mail today and I knew if I wasn't there to open it, my brother or my mom would because they wouldn't be able to help themselves. My family didn't understand what privacy was. What was yours was also theirs and what was theirs was also yours. It was annoying but sweet at the same time. The results are also very important, another reason my family wouldn't be able to control their curiosity. The results held my future. If the results were good than it meant that I was going to be contracted to a man in another district. It meant that I was going to be ripped away from my family so I can fulfill my duty to the Capital. After all that was the only reason anyone had children anyways, if you failed to meet the quota of four, well no one really knows what happens other than you disappear. Poof , gone, like you never existed in the first place. Years ago, during the Dark Days, a plague broke out through Panem and wiped out more than half of our country's population. To save us the Government, also known as the Capital, quarantined the Districts so that the only people who could move from place to place were the officials. Then the Capital decided to build the population back up, breed us like we were cattle so that we would become immune to the disease that struck our land. You were raised your whole life planning for Contract Day. It was simple really, out of the four children you must have only one can stay in the home District. The other three were sent away to another District, to their contract partners home District. As if that wasn't bad enough after Contract Day you never saw your family again, you couldn't send letters or make phone calls. The only thing that ever could remind you of them was the pictures, if your family could afford to take pictures, and your memories. It's terrible really but this is what we have to do. It is our duty to the Capital, for mankind, or at least that's what they like liked to implant in our brains. It was hard to believe that the Capital still needed us to be contracted, the Dark Days were seventy three years ago and there hasn't been a case of the plague for almost half of that time. The Capital just liked to stay in control of us. Finnick and my father, Adam, always say that the Capital's biggest fear is that their people will grow smart and will finally resist the Capital's rule. I'll most likely be long gone by the time that happens. The Capital has an iron rule over us. The water draws back and I dive into the deep sea again. This is a good place to find seashells since it's close to the reef. My mom likes to make jewelry out of the shells or sea glass that my sister and I find. It was a good way to make extra money when things became difficult financially. The best shells are always deeper down where the ocean current can't pull them up to the shores and cause them to break. I can hold my breath for about four minutes which gave me just enough time to dive and collect. The water grows colder the farther down you go and I suddenly regret my choice of diving this far. From the corner of my eye I catch a shadow that causes me to freeze. Shadows in the water can be anything from a boat to a more dangerous predator. The shadow is towards the surface and I look up slowly, blowing out bubbles in relief upon the sight. It's just my fourteen year old sister Persi. She grins at me and the two of us make the dive for the shells. Both Persi and I are perfect mixes of our parents. We have long slender bodies like our mother, Tanya, a native of District Five, and her dark brown eyes. We also got her soft features and full lips. From our father Alan, a District Four native, we both received his curly unruly red hair and golden skin. We bob up to the surface at the same time and Persi splashes me. I lift a brow at her but don't retaliate, Persi is known for winning all the splash fights she initiates. "Good morning Persi." I say before smiling warmly at her. Persi grins at me, her smile stretching from ear to ear, "Good morning Norah. Your results are in, but I got the mail before mama could so your letter is hiding, tucked away under our bed." "Thank you." I say and she rolls her eyes at how formal I am. She hates how I act sometimes because she doesn't understand why. Persi's still a child at heart and probably hates Contract Day as much as our father. My mother assured me that Persi would grow out of her stubborn ways and become the dutiful wife she has been attending school to be but I wasn't as sure. Persi's attitude made me nervous that she would slip up and disappear. The thought causes my throat to close and I shake my head to rid it from my mind. I couldn't imagine my sweet sister being taken for treason. Persi swims away from me and I can tell that she's heading for the Reef. We both enjoyed our time down there since it is so colorful and full of life. I loved to watch the fish swim and live out their short simple little lives. "What I would do to become a fish, to live a life where I didn't have to worry about anything really." I say out loud just as Persi resurfaces. She points as a pelican who is just swooping down to the water and scooping up the fish that have swam too close to the surface, "Fish have worries too." Persi says and I shake my head at her a little. I would rather be eaten by a pelican that forced to marry someone I didn't love, but Persi doesn't understand that. Well she doesn't understand that yet, she will in four years though when it's her time to be contracted to a man in another District. Finnick was my parent choice child to stay in the District, they picked him because he's the only son and someone needed to take over my father's fishing boat after he passed. Sure the job could have been taken by one of our husbands but my father would never trust his boat to someone who wasn't his own blood. "Norah!" Persi calls and I look at her quickly. She must have been calling me for a long time because she has a faint wrinkle in her brow that alerts me to her annoyance. I wasn't paying attention, I was too busy staring at the distant fishing boats off in the distant. They look like ants, "Norah!" I look at her again and smile sheepishly. I've been known to daydream about unnecessary things, it drives my family insane since I don't hear anything that they're saying to me. My teachers believed I did it because I wasn't really all there, my believed it was because I read too many books and lived in a fantasy, and my father believed I daydreamed because the Capital brainwashing screwed me up more than the other kids. My father's theory made me laugh when I thought about it but also scares me some. What if I was really messed up and wouldn't be contracted? I would be sent to the Capital and be turned into an Avox. The thought makes my hands go clammy and my feet to tingle. "As I was saying," Persi says and I tilt my head at her forgetting that she had been talking in the first place, "let's head back to shore. Mama's probably tearing the whole house apart looking for your results and I hid some sweets behind the couch that I'd rather she not fine." Persi isn't allowed to have a lot of sugar, it makes her crazier than she already is. "Alright, let's go." The towels are warm from baking in between the hot sun and even hotter sand. The sand scalds our feet as we hurry to the paved trails that will lead us to the Town Square and then home. "Are you scared of Contract Day?" Persi asks suddenly as we walk up the path slowly. People are milling all around us, it's a busy Sunday since it's the last Sunday of August which means the fish market is open. All the fishermen sell their unwanted catches to the citizens of District Four since the Capital deemed them unworthy. "No, I'm not scared of Contract Day. It is my duty as a citizen to Panem and I am a loyal citizen." I say and Persi makes a face at me. "But what are your feelings? I don't want to hear what the Capital has drilled into your head. I want to hear how you, Norah Ann Odair, feels about the whole thing." Persi says before poking me and I sigh tucking a loose hair behind my ear. "I'm terrified. I'm scared that I'll be contracted to someone who doesn't love me or won't appreciate me. Is that what you want to hear?" I ask in a low voice and Persi nods her head satisfied. Persi goes to ask me another question but I shake my head at her, "This is not the time nor place to have this conversation Persi." I say in warning before nodding to the Peacekeepers who are stationed close-by.