The First Star-Crossed Lovers "You know, we'd live longer with the two of us," she says evenly, her voice a lot thicker than what I expected. "What are in those darts?" I can't help asking and Maysilee smirks at the dead tribute lying at our feet, spinning the blowgun between her fingers. I pull the dart out from the tribute's neck and inspect it carefully. The dart had to have been poisoned, but the Capitol would never put some poisonous weapon into the arena. "I dipped them in some of the water from the pond by the Cornucopia. It's poisonous like the rest of the foliage and animals in this godforsaken arena," Maysilee answers before hiking her backpack back up on her shoulder. I flick the dart away from me and then kick over one of the dead tribute's backpacks. "So how long have you been trailing me?" Maysilee snorts in response. She gives me this incredulous look that reminds me of the Maysilee that I would see back in the District, the girl that would throw her nose up towards the Seam boys or tease us right back. "I haven't been trailing you," she snaps as she grabs another dead tribute's backpack, she rustles through it and finds a few knives and packs of dried fruit. She pockets them quickly, eyeing me to make sure that I don't make a swipe. "I was simply passing through and I heard the commotion and then the canons. I figured that I should check it out and you're lucky I did." "I had everything under control." Her eyes roll at my answer. "Whatever you say, Haymitch," she says as she closes up her pack and then begins to twirl her blowgun in between her fingers again. So allies?" I bite my bottom lip. I didn't plan on having any allies in the arena, although, she would be a good ally to have. Maysilee is smart. Obviously she's resourceful, but what happens when the games reach that point? Am I going to have the strength to kill her? "Look, I know what you're thinking and I don't think I'll be able to do it either but if we're allies we have a better chance of getting home and I think we owe that to our District. Let's give District Twelve something to root for," Maysilee says and I take a deep breath, nodding my head slowly "Alright," I say. She smiles crookedly at me, taking small steps in my direction and then sticking her hand out for me to shake. "But our alliance is over if we hit the top five," I tell her. "You mean, when we hit the top five," Maysilee corrects just as our hands grasp one another. "I'll take first watch," Maysilee says just as the Capitol Anthem echoes out into silence and the soft hum of crickets take up the night air. If we weren't in the arena I would say this place is beautiful. The weather is always perfect, the water is crystal clear, and everything is vibrant and alive. Then again, anything is beautiful compared to District Twelve. "Are you sure?" I ask her and she nods her head, grabbing onto a low hanging yet sturdy tree branch. She hoists herself up and then balances by leaning against the trunk. "You sleep first, your day was much more traumatizing then mine considering that you almost died," Maysilee teases this with a taunting grin that makes my jaw lock in annoyance. "I told you. I didn't almost die," I growl and Maysilee's smile widens, "I had everything under control." "Sure you did," she answers before flipping on some of those night vision goggles that she was able to snatch up from some Career tribute. "I would get some sleep if I were you, Haymitch. The minutes until your watch are ticking away." I puff out a breath of air, grumbling about her arrogant and snarky personality before curling up onto the forest floor. In between the chirps of the crickets and squeaks from bats I can hear Maysilee's smooth and calm breaths. I fall asleep easier that night, knowing I have someone to watch my back. I'm woken up by a touch to my shoulder, it startles me and I react quickly slashing my knife through the air. "Damn you," Maysilee hisses through the darkness, "Do you really sleep readily with a knife like that?" "In case you haven't realized, sweetheart, we're in the Hunger Games," I reply before tucking my knife into the waistband of my pants. I approach her carefully, not putting it past her to retaliate. "In case you forgot, sweetheart , we're allies. No one is going to be able to sneak up on us," Maysilee snaps. My eyes adjust quickly to the darkness and I find her sitting on the forest floor with her hand pressed against her cheek. "Did I cut you?" I ask and her jaw locks in annoyance. I can see her attempting to swallow the sarcasm that threatens to drip in her voice. "You just wielded a knife at my face." Her voice raises an octave and I hush her because the careers could be nearby, "So of course you cut me," She continues in a whisper and I sigh, kneeling in front of her. "Let me see." I reach over to see how deep the cut in her cheek is. "No, you've done enough. Just keep watch would you?" She pushes me away before grabbing her backpack, she digs around it blindly in the dark and I just assume she'll cut herself on the knives that she threw in there but she doesn't. Maysilee easily locates the bandages she has and with a little bit of skill she is able to dress the gash in her cheek. I swipe the night vision goggles off the forest floor next to her and then carefully climb into the tree. I'm not a flawless climber like Maysilee, probably because I'm not as light on my feet as she is. The girl probably weighs as much as a feather and that was with the backpack with her supplies on her back. I'm surprised the wind doesn't blow her away. "Haymitch," she hisses through the air, "try not to cut my nose off next time." I smile, hoping that I'm too far away for her to see me in the darkness. "Anything you say, sweetheart." We start moving early, splitting our rations of dried fruit and jerky up evenly in case we end up separated from one another. She nibbles on the jerky as we walk and I do my best to ignore her. She's my ally, not my friend. "So where are we headed?" Maysilee asks as we dodge through the forest. Neither of us trust anything found here so we do our best to only touch the trees that look familiar to the ones back home and keep our feet on the ground as best as we can. "This arena ends somewhere," I grumble, swatting away a butterfly as I answer her. The butterfly flies back at me and I clap my hands, smashing the bug so that it can't sting me. "Everything here is so twisted," Maysilee sighs and pulls out a canteen of water. She pours some of it into my hands so that none of the bug's poison seeps into my skin. "Obviously the arena ends, Haymitch, but what is going there going to prove to you? You can't escape this and the game makers will probably stop you before you even get there." Her voice is low and sounds worried. We both know that the cameras for the Capitol audience aren't on us right now, but the game makers cameras probably are. Maysilee's small hand wraps around my arm, forcing me to look at her as she whispers, "Their job is to make our life a living hell and they'll do it too." "I just want to check it out. Leave if you want to but I'm going to keep moving forward," I answer and she licks her lips, pulling her jacket out of her backpack so I can dry my hands. "But if I leave, who's going to take care of you?" Maysilee asks and I roll my eyes, watching as the smirk appears back on her face. "I don't need you to take care of me." She bites her lip in an attempt to keep the smirk to changing into a smile. "Whatever you say, sweetheart," she teases as she takes her jacket from my hands and shoves it back into her bag, "let's keep moving then -" An explosion rattles the arena and instinctively I pull her behind me. We back up in hurried steps, panicking because we have no idea what's going on. Anything could be coming at us at this very moment and we're frozen, Maysilee's back is pressed against a tree and I'm in front of her. She clutches onto my shirt and I scan the area, waiting for some giant poisonous mutt to crash through the tree-line. "Haymitch," she whispers and I grunt in response, my eyes still scanning the area right in front of us, "Haymitch look up, look at the smoke." I do as she tells me and look at the tops of the trees. There's a large cloud of black smoke billowing into the sky from the west end of the arena and I close my eyes trying to think what exactly is in that area. I went towards the woods during the bloodbath; opposite of the woods was a large meadow that leads to a snowcapped mountain. The mountain. Maysilee had said it herself; the game makers' job is to mess with us, to make our lives a living hell when things are too quiet. So they blew up the mountain. "I'm going to climb the tree and see if I can see what's going on" Maysilee says, her voice quivers and when I turn to face her I'm surprised to see the brave face she's wearing. "Do you have my back?" Her voice is even, but I can see the slight worry behind her eyes. I reassure her with a nod and boost her up into the tree. It takes only a few seconds for her to reach the very top. I picture her back in District Twelve, climbing the trees that line up behind her family's sweet shop. I can see her teasing her twin sister from up there or climbing to the very top when she just wants to escape. I bet she can see over the fence from one of those trees or see straight into the Seam and, if she can, I wonder what she thinks about. What could a girl from Town possibly wish? "I can't see anything," Maysilee calls down to me and I kick the tree in annoyance. I just need to make sure that it's actually the mountain and not something else. "Come on down then, let's go check it out." She climbs down the tree, her foot slipping a few times and I can tell that she's rushing. "Maysilee, take your time. I'm not going anywhere." I can hear her take a deep breath and then she waits a few moments before descending down the tree at a much slower pace. I attempt to help her down as she reaches the bottom but cannons begin to ring out, startling her and causing her to lose her grip on the branch. She slips and begins to fall but I catch her, trying to take more of the force from the fall. My back slams against the ground and both of us groan in pain. "Haymitch, are you alright?" she murmurs as she places her hands on my face. My eyes are closed and I'm trying to breathe through the pain. "Haymitch?" "I'm fine, but could you get off me?" I open my eyes to watch as