A/N: I finished the entire Heroes of Olympus series within a week and a half. Who's a bad bitch? Me. And Piper...and Annabeth...aND HAZEL GOT DAMN MY BABY GIRL MY FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE MY LIL GIRL THAT SACRIFICED HER LIFE FOR THE WORLD AND HER MOTHER'S PAIN FOR HEAVEN THERE IS NO CHARACTER THAT IS AS SELFLESS AND KIND AND BEAUTIFUL I LOVE HAZEL SO MUCH I CRIED READING HER PARTS. I'm attached to every single one of the seven, as well as Reyna and Nico, in a very painful way. Like. All these hurt, lonely kids. I want to make them all soup. I'm not too fond of the title but meh, I needed something. Leyna has to be my second favorite ship out of this entire series, behind Percico and Percabeth (which are tied for first). The parallels between Reyna and Leo are very strange within the series. I don't think they ever meet but they are so similar. The abject loneliness and guilt that they constantly harbor(ed), hiding their true feelings behind completely opposite masks, willing to make the biggest sacrifices for causes they aren't quite sure in out of loyalty. Amazing fucking characters. The weird part is that I think they have very similar fundamentals with heavily contrasting personality and experiences. It's fun to play with. Plus the fanart is cute as fuck. WARNING: SEX. PRETTY DETAILED. LET ME GET ONE REVIEW COMPLAINING ABOUT THE CONTENT. I'LL SMACK YOU. Lots of Spanish in this...so let me apologize to all the Spanish speakers who are gonna laugh at me for my mistakes...sorry y'all...and also I didn't proofread this well. Hehe. (But really message me if you want to beta this. I'd write you a Leyna fic in exchange.) . . . She's nineteen, so the legionnaires decide to throw her an extravagant party with good food and better alcohol that burned the back of her throat as it went down. There is loud music and loud laughter and loud games being played made her feel deliriously happy. They move from couch to couch to talk and flirt. She attempts to catch up with it all the congratulations and well wishes. More than a few firecrackers explode, and she's almost certain that the Fifth Cohort is to blame. The chaos makes her blood sing. Reyna's dressed in a festive toga picta , doused a brilliant shade of blood red that glowed against her shiny Imperial gold armor. Her hair's been pulled up into a messy bun at the top of her head, ruby-jeweled pins, courtesy of Hylla, sunken into the glossy black locks. The catastrophe that is her face is not her doing. Piper slathered on strange different things onto her face - "If I find more than a coat of foundation on my face, I'm banning you and your boyfriend from my city." - "Oh, come on . You'd look great in red lipstick." - for the night. Reyna lasts a good hour and a half before she washes most of it from her face in a nearby girl's restroom. Only the mascara and lipstick remained. She decided that she didn't mind red lipstick much at all. Everyone managed to keep Dakota away from the alcohol and on his kool aid. Reyna greatly appreciated the joint effort. Currently, she's wrapped herself around Nico's heavy leather aviator jacket as a blanket and leaning against the boy himself. Her eyes manage to close every few moments, but flutter back open when she hears a particularly loud noise. Left out in the cool night air and the antics of the party, it is hard to find rest with the meager amount of drinks she'd consumed. But still, she is tired, and her friend is a very patient boy. Piper and Jason sat to their right, snuggling against the very end of the couch and murmuring quiet words to each other. Hazel to their left, much closer to them, entertaining her brother's complaints. Nico nursed a glass of something strong crinkled his nose into the crowd distastefully. Somethings never change , Reyna thought smugly to herself. "It gets worse every year," the son of Hades complained, his eyes roving around the dinning area. "Better," Reyna corrected defensively. Her Romans new how to celebrate, and so did she. "Way better," Hazel added, giving her brother a pointed look. "Everyone loves a good Roman party. You just need to learn to love it." Nico snorted, probably rolling his eyes. "As if I'd want to. All these people crowded together is making me nauseous," he says. She isn't sure how sarcastic he's being with that statement. "And your boyfriend's coming this way." Reyna's eyes snap open completely, completely shocked, then angry at herself. Why did she have to know exactly who he was talking about? Leo Valdez was positively skipping his way over in the direction of their table with a bowl of candy in one hand and a bottle of vodka in the other. Her stomach dropped as her eyes followed the length of him, trying to find any change within him in the last three months. She found none. He wore a thin white t shirt that exposed the sharp chords of muscle along his collar bones and black jeans. Stubbornly, Reyna went back to leaning against Nico, curling up further in her makeshift blanket when she saw him caught up in a group of Vulcan kids and join in their conversation animatedly. A girl from the third cohort with blonde hair and ocean blue eyes pulls him towards their low slung couch, her arm wrapped around his upper bicep. The praetor's lip curls in subtle distaste. "By the gods, don't insult me like that," Reyna spat. The urge to press her face into Nico's shoulder and hide herself from the display was stronger than it should have been. "Why is he here ? He's not supposed to be in New Rome until December." "For you, obviously." A smirk pulled at Nico's lips. "Hmm. Looks like your boyfriend needs you , Nico," Hazel said, pointing over her shoulder towards a gesturing Will Solace, bright-eyed and floppy-haired. The Italian turned an interesting shade of red as Reyna sat up and he began to stand. She handed him his aviator jacket, and he took it, slipping it over his shoulders. "Not so damn loudly," he muttered, and something else that sounded like Solace wishes before leaving behind the seats. Jason and Piper left next, before sharing a telling look that she did not miss, saying subtle goodbyes. They passed Leo, greeting him for a moment before disappearing into the crowd of people. The son of Hephaestus was approaching just as Hazel was standing, taking up the space beside her with all the energy and presence that his skinny frame allowed. "Happy Birthday," she said. "See you tomorrow morning." And then, she too was gone. In that moment, watching the light dance in her gold eyes, she swore a painful revenge on them. Especially Hazel. That girl would be running errands for the next two weeks - hot chocolate and jelly bean runs from sun up to sun down. With ankle weights . Were they all in cahoots with each other? Was this staged ? As far as she knew, Leo Valdez was not supposed to be anywhere near this side of the United States until the beginning of winter to start New Rome's new project - they always submitted and approved requests for large architectural or militial endeavors in the Fall to begin construction in late November. He'd wrapped up his work here with the New Rome engineers at the end of May. He wasn't due back here for a while time. Now, looking at his entire six feet stretched out before her, she decided that any other surprise wouldn't have been as pleasing. Leo looked entirely too amused with himself as he appraised her. She settled a scowl onto her face, because no, she did not like surprises. Especially this insane, fire-throwing idiot. "Well damn. I almost didn't recognize you," he teased. His brow quirked in question, a shit eating grin still pulling at his lips. She hated it. "Since when does my warrior queen wear makeup?" "You really want to keep talking, or should I get straight to knocking the shit out of you?" Reyna groaned, sighing deeply and settling herself fully into the couch. She crossed her legs and tilted her head at him, a very dangerous look on her face that said tread carefully all over it. "Oh, come on ! I haven't seen you for months, and this is how you greet me? " Leo reproached, grinning wolfishly. Reina sighed deeply as he took the seat that Nico occupied before leaning forward to deposit the alcohol and jelly beans onto the table before them, right next to her emptied wine glass. "I've come bearing gifts, love." "What the hell did I tell you about pet names, Leo?" she deadpanned, shifting away from him as quickly as she could. There's nothing cutesy and soft hearted about the names he calls her now, because she's quite sure she'd beaten the disrespect out of him long ago. Still, she's not letting him aggravate her to death on her own birthday. "Do I need to break your wrist again?" Leo gave a high pitched chuckle, the sound so elfish and uniquely him, she went still for a moment. It had been too long since she'd heard him laugh. He placed a warm hand on top of her thigh to keep her from moving farther away. The urge to slap it away or stab it with the dagger strapped to her side never comes, agitating her slightly. Reyna scowled, looking him in the eye as gave her his softest, most vulnerable smile. " Feliz cumpleaños, mi reina (happy birthday, my queen), " he drawled in Spanish. Her stomach dropped somewhere between her toes as the noise of the party drowned out. He looked good ;his curly hair was wild and falling into his chocolate eyes. His dark, grease-free clothes made his skin look like warm coffee and milk. Long and lean and exuding warmth through every cell of his body, Reyna could have sat there until the sun rose and drowned in him. Leo's hand suddenly felt hot against her clothes, the heat sinking into her skin. She threaded her fingers through his for a moment and squeezed reassuringly before letting go. " Gracias, Leo ," Reina said, feeling ridiculously vulnerable. Her eyes fell towards her sandal-clad feet, but still, they lingered on the bowl of candy before her. "¿Me has traído caramelos de goma (You brought me candy)?" " S í . Peace offering." A grin fought its way onto her mouth - he makes fun of her candy obsession every chance he gets, and now he's enabling it with her favorite treat? Hypocrite , she thought irately to herself. " Lo que un niño inteligente (what a smart boy) ," she muttered, giving him a particularly shrewd look. He merely gave her a shrug. "Always am, mi reina ." They don't speak a word of English after that - the conversation flows from petty arguments to random commentary on the people in the surrounding area. He seems to notice her wish to flex her memory muscles with the language, so he obliges her, filling in words where she cannot - he's damn near fluent and it does more than just ruffle her feathers at how much better he is than her. They speak about what they've been up to, projects and quests and new demigods. Several times, he comments on the happy smile that keeps slipping onto her face that looked foreign on her perpetually stoic features. She rapped her knuckles against his temple several times in reprimand. " ¿Dónde está mi regalado, idiota (Where is my present, idiot)? " Reyna demanded, bringing up her fist again in another strike. Leo laughed