Steamy: So, apparently I am a masochist, as I have started another colossal fic that will without a doubt kill me from the burden of it, but maybe I'll be able to do both this and Naruto: Player 2 as the main reason I have had trouble continuing that story is because Harry Potter was on the brain. Also, quick warning, this story is going to be... interesting. Harry isn't so much going to be OP as he is going to be extremely curious and determined, he has a natural want to learn in this story and that means absolutely everything he thinks would be useful, you'll understand more later, and also, this story is going to have, very scant, traces of an American TV show called Leverage, which is a show of a ragtag team of thieves who steal from corrupt business people in order to help others (I recommend it, it's really good) I'll explain more at the end of the story. Now, onto the story. Disclaimer: I don't own the Harry Potter cast or books/movies and anything that might belong to other people Thief Prologue Harry James Potter wouldn't have had much to live for before he received his Hogwarts letter. He was, after all, viewed as nothing more than a slave, worse even; according to the Dursley's, Harry was less than everyone and everything else, a Freak, nothing more and everything less. Harry was well aware of this fact, after all, every time he tried to do something nice for the Dursley's or to garner their affections they would always turn him down in the most cruel way they could; like that time his Aunt tore up his Valentine's Day card that he had worked so hard on right in front of him, or that other time when he had tried his hardest to get the best grades in class, thinking that maybe they would be proud of him. But, of course they weren't. Dudley even went as far to say that Harry had done it to make him look stupid and Harry had gotten one of the worst beatings of his short life. So, Harry didn't try hard anymore, he just tried to keep out of everyone's way and remain unnoticed, just like a slave should. But staying quiet and out of the way was boring and led to a lot of time spent thinking and honing the only abilities he had, which were, of course, cooking and cleaning and gardening and being extremely light on his feet so that he wouldn't be unnecessarily detected by his relatives or anyone for that matter. He also worked on his other skills, the ones that his relatives didn't quite know about, like his reading level or the fact that he was actually teaching himself how to speak French and German, or how he would sometimes offer his services to people in other neighborhoods which led to him having quite a bit of money hidden safely within his cupboard. His life wasn't much, but he just kept on telling himself that one day, when he was of legal age, he would do his best to make something of himself, be more than what his parents were and what his relatives have told him he is. That all changed, however, when he was seven. He had been at school and his class was just about to head out for recess, when, out of the corner of his eye, he spotted something on the floor. He crouched down and picked it up, looking it over and recognizing it as a toy Dudley had "borrowed" from one of the boys in the class a few days beforehand. Knowing that Dudley, and by extension his Uncle, would have his hide for even touching the toy Harry swiftly placed it in his bag so that he wouldn't be caught with it. He resolved to give it back to his classmate later. And then, just as he was entering the playground someone rushed by him, and something else caught Harry's eye, namely a pair of gloves in the child's back pocket. Out of curiosity the green-eyed boy reached out and took them, not realizing that this was happening within a single second, or that the other child was running pretty fast as he was doing it, and took the gloves and examined them. They were black and green and were made from what felt like to Harry from wool, they looked comfortable and warm, but Harry daren't put them on, not wanting to get in trouble, so, he made to put the gloves back where he got them when he paused, blinked a moment in confusion, then snapped his neck up when he realized that the owner of the gloves were already on the playground, completely oblivious to the fact that their gloves had been stolen. Harry didn't know what to do with himself, internally freaking out and coming up with all sorts of horrible scenarios that would occur when he was found to have taken the gloves, which then led him to stuffing them in his bag out of sight, calming himself down and telling himself that he would return them after school. The rest of the day went by normally, the only difference being that Harry felt a lot more anxious than usual. Then, the last bell rung and everyone left the building. Harry slowly made his way to his and Dudley's things, already knowing that Uncle Vernon was there to pick up the larger boy and take him home while Harry had to lug the larger and heavier backpack with him back with him to the house. Harry sighed and looked inside the bag, knowing that he would find stolen snacks inside and stealthily made his way to the teacher's lounge and put all of the stolen snacks back, thankful that this was the one thing Dudley never called him out for as he couldn't justifying stealing from the teacher's or the school, at least he thought he couldn't, though Harry had no doubt his parents would gobble it right up and somehow make it right (probably by blaming Harry) and allow for him to continue on. Harry shook the thought from his mind and then made his way to the Dursley household, planning on making two quick stops on the way. First he dropped off the toy, which he carefully stuffed into the other boys' bag while he was distracted then he made his way to the house of the owner of the gloves. Harry carefully took off the backpacks, hid them, and then crawled up to the house. After looking around a bit and listening to make certain no one was nearby, Harry then crawled through the doggy-door attached to the bright red wooden door. Once inside Harry heard the voice of an adult and child talking to each other, the child sounded distressed and Harry was fairly certain he knew why; so, without further ado Harry swiftly located the child's school backpack and placed the gloves inside, then, he left the way he came. Just as he walked down the steps Harry heard the happy exclamations of the child as they announced that they had found the gloves. Harry smiled to himself before grabbing his two backpacks and made his way back to his relatives' house. It wasn't until he was lying in his cupboard that he realized what he had done. He had successfully infiltrated and returned something without anyone discovering him; it was like he was a thief! Or a reverse thief in this case as he hadn't taken anything. He was suddenly struck with the idea that he should become a thief! After all, he reasoned with himself, it wasn't like he had much else to do, nothing to do but slaving away under people who would never appreciate it and would even punish him just because they felt like it, and, according to his Aunt and Uncle, his parents had been good-for-nothings so why not flip the trend and become something worthwhile? That night, something within Harry James Potter changed, and, he became a thief. As if it would be that easy. First he had to learn how to hone his aptitude for stealth, and his knack to steal things without being noticed, after that, he decided, he needed to be able to swiftly get away and be able to blend into a crowd and be able to climb things and, and-! He took a breath and let it out slowly, no, he needed to be calm and logical about this; if he panicked then he could just throw this idea right out the metaphorical window, no, he needed to think with a clear mind, he needed to- *Crack* He was startled out of his thoughts both from the noise and from the fact that he was now lying on his back when he had just moments before been sitting upright, leaning against the back of his cupboard. Blinking his eyes in confusion for a moment he forced his body still as he let his eyes take in what was around him. The first thing his eyes took in was the ceiling, which looked partially jagged, ' the stairs,' his mind helpfully supplied, but the rest of it was wooded-and dusty-and looked to be the support flooring of the second floor with an occasional wooden beam helping to hold it up. A cough was soon followed by a groan as Harry pulled himself up so that he could take in the rest of the small space. The ground was concrete and just as dusty as the ceiling; the walls were also made of concrete; coughing again Harry brought his shirt up to his nose to cover it so that he wouldn't suffocate from the overabundance of dust floating around him as he looked around some more. A bit more of searching led to him finding a rather large hole in one of the walls, and, after using a shirt to cover the opening and grabbing a torch that he had stashed underneath the cupboards floorboards he ventured further into the house. The hole was larger than he was, it could probably hold his cousin Dudley and his Aunt Petunia, if she slouched down some that is, and maybe a third of his Uncle Vernon, though he wasn't sure on that one, he was fairly small after all so it was likely that it only looked large to him because of that. Shaking his head of such thoughts Harry continued on, making several turns here and there before, *Bam* , he hit something metal. Rubbing his head Harry used his torch to shine light on the object and realized that it was an air vent, specifically, it was the air vent that was attached to the parlor near the front door; it was just behind a settee so no one would be able to see it! With a grin the boy started to push at the grate, hoping that it would give and that he would be able to get out-he was lucky that the Dursley's had decided to eat out that night as he no doubt would have been detected already and severely punished for breaking the wall, even though no one would have ever seen it. A couple more minutes of pushing and the grate jiggled open, allowing for Harry to push it up and crawl out of it. He had to crawl under the settee as well but after that he was free and standing in the middle of the parlor. Harry stood there for a moment, smiling in contentment and peace for a little but, then, he took a deep breath and then started to attempt to hack up his lungs, as he had quite forgotten that he was covered in dust. After coughing for about a minute he was able to regain control of his lungs and calm his beating