Summary: Seven years after Breaking Dawn, Bella's little sister comes to live with her and the Cullens. One Cullen has finally found his mate, Bella's sister. But there's only one problem standing in their way... Tanya. The Denalis and the Cullens made a deal, if he didn't have a mate by February 12th, his marriage to Tanya would be activated. Will he marry Tanya, or will he finally let Annabelle know how he feels about her? Will Bella and Charlie agree about letting her be with him? Or will they be yet another obstacle in their relationship? Follow Carlisle and Annabelle through the ups and downs of their relationship! Lots of Fluff, Romance, and sad moments, but it'll all be worth a read! Carlisle/OC a/n Hi, I'm back! With a new story! Yes, this one's a complete opposite from the last one. But this just popped into my head, one day in English, so I had to start writing it. I didn't think anything would come of it. Wow, was I wrong. Already has four chapters! For Clarification: Annabelle's nickname will be JellyBellie, unless anyone gives me a great idea. Disclaimer: After the last story, I was notified, that I still don't own Twilight. The rain ran down the sides of the windows as Charlie drove us home. I was back in Forks. Hurray for me, right? Wrong. I detested this place just as much as my older sister Bella did. She loves it now. She's been married for seven years now. To a very attractive man named Edward Cullen. And they have a daughter named Renesmee. I've kept millions of secrets in my lifetime. So it really was no surprise when she had told me that Edward and his entire family were vampires. At first I'd freaked out about the whole thing, because hey, vampires. Bloodsucking demons that were probably descendants of Dracula himself. But then she told me that they were a different kind of vampire. Stregoni Benefici. I had to do my research on them, and found out exactly what they were, and what they were capable of. She and I had kept in contact via Skype and Facebook. Over time, the Cullens had added me as a contact. Emmett always posted funny things on my wall. My friends back home would gush over how adorable he was. The only time I had actually met them all was at Bella's wedding. Rosalie had taken to me rather quickly. I was just entering my last year of elementary school. She had been the one to help me get ready while my Mom gushed and cried over my older sister. I was saved from the powerful Pixie, Alice, so it was quiet while I got ready. I remembered everything so clearly from that day. Every sound, every word that was spoken. Every feeling, every touch. It was hard to believe it has already been seven years. More than anything, I missed one person just as much as my sister. He's been in my thoughts, and dreams for a long time. And it certainly didn't help that he was on my friends list and contacts on Skype! And worst of all, I have a crush on him. You'd think that I would have gotten over my childhood crush by now. Moved on to another guy. Wrong! I still have a crush on him. When my friends asked me what my dream guy was, I'd describe him. Sweet, kind, loving, caring godlike Carlisle Cullen. They'd smile, and say, "That kind of guy just doesn't exist, Belle!" I'd just smile and shake my head. Because I knew he did exist. He was one-hundred percent perfection, in my eyes at least. I always dreamed of him. Without fail every night I'd see his perfect angel's face, with those golden eyes and perfect smile. His face was the only one that I knew so well. I would never forget it. And now here I was back home with my father, hopefully I'd run in to him… but I wonder. Will he still remember me? "Belle?" I snapped out of my thoughts and turned to my Dad who had parked in front of the small house I sort of missed. "Yeah?" "We're here." I laughed. "i know, Dad. Let's go." We got out and were quickly soaked by the sheeting rain. We grabbed my few bags from the trunk and dashed to the porch. Dad unlocked the door, and we walked in, dripping wet. Normally, I wouldn't've cared because it was just Dad and I, but to my mortal embarrassment, the lights flicked on, and there was a loud chorus of, "Welcome home!" i was definitely not expecting that one! My breath caught in my throat and I couldn't speak for a moment. I looked around, and I saw my sister bouncing in place. "Thank you." I said, still shocked. My sister was the first to grab me and squeeze me in a tight hug. "Oh, Annabelle. I missed you so much! I'm glad you're finally home!" She kissed my cheek, and hugged me tighter. "I missed you too, Bells." I said, my voice muffled by the fabric of her blue sweater. She stepped back and looked me over. "Aside from your rumpled, wet clothes, you look beautiful." She said with a warm smile. "Thank you. You look beautiful too, Bells." She smiled and stepped aside. Next, came her husband Edward. "Annabelle! How are you, little munchkin"? he asked. I grinned up at my big brother. "First off, Edward, I am not a munchkin. Second of all, I'm doing just fine. How about you?" He grinned back. "I'm doing just peachy. I missed you." He hugged me, ruffling my hair as he did so. "Move it, Eddiekins, it's my turn!" a booming voice said from behind Edward. Edward chuckled and stepped aside. Emmett swooped forward and grabbed me, spinning me around in circles. "I missed you Bellerina!" I laughed. "I ... can't ... breathe." I said, grinning. Emmett loosened his grip. "Oops, sorry kid. How is my favorite little sister-in-law?" "She's doing good, but she's a little shaken because her older brother-in-law spun her around like a ragdoll." I said, smiling up at him. He just laughed his famous booming laugh and stepped aside for Rosalie. "My God, just look at you! You're so beautiful, sweetheart. How are you?" Rosalie said as she hugged me. Her blonde hair brushing against my cheek. "I'm doing great. I missed you all so much. I'm glad I came home." "I'm happy you're home, Annabelle. We can go on shopping trips with Alice if you want. Movie nights with Bella and Nessie. This is going to be fun!" I nodded. "It sure will be." "Well! I hope you love shopping! Because your first shopping spree is Saturday!" Alice said dancing up beside Rose. "Ali!" I said throwing myself into her arms. "I missed you too, girl. Are you excited for shopping! Just imagine all the shoes, dresses, all that!" I smiled, "i can't wait." "Well, look who sprouted up to be taller than her Aunt!" Jasper said coming over to join us. He had a huge grin on his face. "Shut up, Jazz. You know you love my fun-sized self." He smiled down at Alice before turning back to me. "How are you, Lil Missy?" i smiled at the nickname he'd given me when I had come for the wedding. "Doing good, Jazz. And you?" "Doing just fine." "Hey! You're finally here!" a girl with bronze hair, and brown eyes ran up to me, with a huge smile on her face. "Hi, I'm Renesmee, but you can call me Nessa. How are you? It's so great to finally meet you. We're going to have so much fun together! Can you believe we'll both be attending the same school and have all our classes together? Isn't that just so exciting?" I could see why Bella had tried keeping Nessie away from Alice when she was growing up. She was now twice as hyper as she was. "I can't wait." I said hugging her. "And Renesmee?" "Yeah?" "Don't call me Aunt. Makes me feel old, okay?" "Got it." "Hey guys. You didn't think I forgot to come, did you?" I looked up and saw Jacob Black coming toward us with Seth Clearwater. "Hi Jake, Seth!" I said, running over to greet them. "Hey kid. Look at you. You're half as tall as I am." Jacob said giving me a hug. "Glad to know I'm finally half your size." I said laughing. "At least you don't need to eat four plates of food to keep your muscle." Seth said grinning. "Don't talk, Seth. You eat that much too." Jacob said punching Seth on the shoulder. "Carlisle says that's not healthy, you big lug." Bella said looking sternly at them, which caused us all to laugh. I smiled at the mention of Carlisle's name. Again, I got that feeling. The one where I wondered if he even remembered who I was. Edward seemed to have heard that, because he turned to me, and nodded. Does he remember me? I asked him in my head. He nodded with a smile. I sighed with relief. "We're all here because we have a party going on at our house. So, Rose, Alice and I are going to march you up those stairs, and change you out of your wet clothes, okay?" "You got it, sister dearest." I said. "My room's ready for her," Leah said coming down the stairs. "And welcome back, Annabelle. I missed you, you little weirdo." I hugged her, and smiled. "Hey, you know I'm the only one who could've eaten that whole cake with tacos at once without Seth's help." "She did what?" Bella asked. "When you and Edward left for your honeymoon, we had an eating contest. Your sister beat Seth by a mile!" Leah gloated. Bella smiled. "Of course. I taught her well. Now come on, Sis. We don't need you catching a cold." I followed her up the familiar staircase to what used to be Bella's room. There was already an outfit laid out on the bed. "Go on. Put it on. You can thank me later." Alice said from the doorway. "You didn't have to get me anything guys. Really you-" "Just shut up and put it on, kid." Bella said thrusting the set of clothes into my hands. I sighed and did what I was told. It was a blue silk skirt that went down to just above my knee, with a pretty white silk blouse to match. When I walked out, Rosalie smiled. "Perfect, sit. Hair time." "Hair time?" i asked. "Yeah. You didn't think that I would let you walk out of here with frizzy hair, did you?" I shook my head. Alice came in with a huge purple sparkly totebag. "Let's get to it, Bella, do makeup!" One painful hour later, my hair and makeup were finished. "Perfect. You'd knock any guy off their feet thanks to us. Take a look!" Rose said handing me a mirror. I had to admit I did look pretty good. I smiled and handed it back to her. Before I could even stand up, Alice thrust a shoe box at me. "The outfit isn't complete until you have shoes. I hope you love them." I lifted the lid off the box and gasped. Blue pumps! I'd never seen them before. I jumped up and hugged them all, while I squealed. "I love them! Thank you!" "You're welcome. Put them on. We've gotta go!" Alice said. I slipped them on and stood. "Beautiful. Now come on. Party time!" Rose said. I stood and followed her out the door and down the stairs. "Oh, look at you!" Edward said, smiling at me. "Rosalie knows how to dress to impress." Jasper added. "I know I'm good. Now, everyone in to the cars." Just before I stepped out the door, Rose handed