Birds of a Feather A Harry Potter Fanfic Story Idea By: Sleeper3173 Inspiration for the idea: GoblinQueeen's Harry Potter Fan art "Hedwig: Humanity's Light" Basic Story Premise: Something happens during Harry's final summer at the Dursleys that forces him and Hedwig to flee before anyone expected them to. What results alters the destiny of many. Harry sighed staring up at the ceiling of his room, listening to the raised voice of his Uncle Vernon arguing with the two strange men that had invited themselves into his house. Even though he hadn't sneaked down to see who it was, there was no mistaking the growling voice of Mad-Eye Moody and the deep voice of Kingsley Shacklebot. At first he was worried they might have been disguised Death Eaters, but he relaxed when he remembered that if they were indeed Death Eaters, Uncle Vernon wouldn't still be alive. So, he took a page out of Fred and George's book and used an Extendable Ear to listen in. Vernon Dursley was beyond mad. He was furious. For the past 15 years he has spent almost every single day regretting the fact that he had let Petunia talk him into taking in the son of her dead freak of a sister. It seemed to him that as every year passed since Potter had joined that world of his, things had been getting worse and worse for him and his family. The final straw had been when those things had attacked his son, but once again Petunia had talked him into not chucking the boy out. He had hoped that when the boy was collected so soon after arriving last year that he wouldn't see him again, but like all the years previous, he was contacted to let him know when his nephew would be at the Train station and that it was strongly encouraged that he pick him up if he didn't want any trouble. Now, barely a week later, he was disturbed from his morning paper by a rather loud knock on the door. When he had opened, he knew immediately something was wrong. The first clue was the tall black man standing in front of him dressed like he came straight out of Africa. This set warning bells off in Vernon's head, who had a very defined idea of what a properly dressed man should be. When the black man shifted and he saw the man with the freak eye who talked to him last year standing there, Vernon tried to slam the door shut but the scarred man shoved his walking stick in the way. "Not today Dursley." The man growled. "We need to talk and won't take no for an answer." Knowing what they could do, Vernon just scowled and let them into the living room, trying to decide how best to handle the situation. Luckily, the man with the eye, Maddie or Moby, or some freakish name like that seemed to think that a direct approach was best. "First of all," he growled. "If you hoping we are here to get Potter out of your hair you are very much mistaken. He is staying here till his birthday just like it was planned before." Vernon's face purpled with rage. "The why the bloody hell are you darkening my house?" he almost yelled. "It's bad enough that I have to put up with him , why should I have to put up with constant visits from more of your kind." "Because there is something very important you need to know." The black man said in a calming deep voice. "Once Harry leaves here for the final time, the protection that the blood magic that his mother gave him will be gone, which means your home, and family, will be open to attack because you are Harry's family. We have come to the conclusion that it would be best if you and your family go into hiding for the duration of the war. Of course once it is over, we will bring you back and repair any damage that might have happened while you were gone." Vernon exploded. "YOU WANT US TO DO WHAT?" he screamed, spit flying from his mouth. "YOU HAVE THE NERVE TO COME INTO MY HOME AND TELL ME THAT I NEED TO LEAVE EVERYTHING BEHIND BECAUSE SOMEONE WANTS TO KILL THAT FREAK OF A BOY? I WONT HAVE IT! YOU TAKE HIM AND GET HIM OUT NOW! I WONT HAVE HIM ENDANGERING MY FAMILY A MOMENT LONGER!" Upstairs, Harry was still listening, alternating between cringing and holding back from laughing. It had taken Kingsley 5 minutes to calm down Uncle Vernon, and he had a funny feeling that Moody had probably done something that prevented Uncle Vernon from doing something very rash. Once the conversation was turned to where the Dursleys might go, Harry pulled the end of the Extendable Ear out of his ear and sighed. He looked around the room, the reality that this would be his final summer here setting in. To be honest, he was glad. He had never been happy here, and was more then happy to walk away from the abuse that had dominated his life. His eyes settled on Hedwig, who was glaring at floor with a look of disgust that only she could pull off. "Sorry about this girl." He told her softly. "We are just here till my birthday then we are free from them for good." Hedwig looked at him and barked softly. Harry smiled and got out of his bed and walked over to her to stroke her chest feathers. "We've been through a lot together here haven't we girl?" he spoke to her softly. "I think the worse time was the second summer when they locked you in the cage… I felt horrible about that." Hedwig barked softly again and nipped his nose gently and he smiled at her. Walking back to his bed, he put the end of the Extendable Ear into his to find out where the conversation was. He did so just in time to hear Moody and Kingsley walk out of the front door which was quickly slammed shut. Sighing, he pulled the Extendable Ear back to him and closed his eyes. Uncle Vernon's hand was shaking slightly as he poured himself a triple serving of whiskey. It wasn't due to fear or nervousness from the conversation he had just had. No… It was from pure rage. How dare they presume to tell him what he had to do because of the actions of his good for nothing nephew. He ignored Petunia when she called out to him as he slowly climbed the stairs, thinking that he had best lay down to calm himself down. Getting to his room, he took a long drink from his glass and laid down, his heart still beating furiously in his chest from his pent up anger. He had just closed his eyes when he heard the loud barking of that boy's blasted bird. Gritting his teeth, he downed the rest of his drink in one go, and closed his eyes again, hoping that sleep would quickly claim him and he could dream about a Potterless world. It was not to be. No sooner had he closed his eyes when he heard the bird barking again, and he cringed, his eyes squeezing even tighter together. His concentration broken, he heard a new noise that he hadn't noticed before coming from his nephew's room. He heard the sound of laughter and Harry speaking to someone. While he could stand Harry talking to himself, lord knows he wouldn't be surprised if he was mentally unstable… but laughing? After what he had done to his family? Vernon snapped. With a bellowing roar of rage, he flung his whiskey glass at the wall where it shattered. Tearing open his door, he charged towards the freaks room, determined to teach him a lesson that he would never forget. As was the norm for his summer months since he started at Hogwarts, he spent most of his time talking to Hedwig. As she was his only constant companion over the years, she had evolved from loyal pet to trusted confident. While she couldn't speak, Harry had learned to read her body language and various barks so that he could hold a semblance of a conversation with her. It was mainly thanks to her that he had gotten over the deaths of Sirius and Professor Dumbledore, as she had been a caring creature to talk to. Right now he was telling her one of his funnier stories involving the Headmaster, and Hedwig was laughing in her own unique way. He was about to wrap it up when he heard the roar of rage coming from his Aunt and Uncle's room and he paled when he realized just how much noise they had been making. Add in what had happened earlier, and he knew this was going to be a bad one. He hesitated a second on trying to decide if he should barricade the door or make a grab for his wand. That second was too long. With a crash that literally tore the door off its hinges, Uncle Vernon burst into the room, his face a dark purple and every vein in his face visible from rage. "ENOUGH!" he bellowed, spit flying from his mouth. Before Harry could even move, Vernon's fist was a blur as it swung through the air before it smacked into the side of Harry's head with a sickening thud. The force of the hit was strong enough that it literally lifted him up and he flew across the room where he slammed into the wall next to the closet. Instantly he felt his ribs explode into pain, and he started wishing he would pass out soon. First it helped with the pain, plus his uncle had a tendency to stop once his prey was no longer awake to feel what he was doing to him. Hedwig, however, had other plans. With a squawk of outrage, she flew at Vernon and her sharp talons tore his cheeks open, filling his mouth with blood. Instead of scarring him off, it only made Vernon even more furious… as well as gave him a new target for his rage. Snatching hold of the lamp on Harry's bed side table and singing it like a baseball bat, struck Hedwig just as she was swooping in to attack him again. She didn't even let out a noise as she too flew through the air to smack into a wall. She passed so close to Harry who was struggling to his feet, he actually felt a light breeze from her passing. His heart froze when he didn't see her move. "Hedwig!" he yelled out in fear, his own injuries forgotten, even as blood started running down his face from his scalp. His heart beating wildly, he lunged at his uncle, his magic and adrenaline combining to give him almost superhuman strength. He reached Vernon just as he was lifting his foot to bring it down in Hedwig's helpless body and swung the strongest right hook he could muster. With a yell of pain, Vernon desperately clutched his jaw that was hanging loosely from his head. Harry glanced at Hedwig and rage filled him and before he knew it he was delivering a rapid set of punches to Vernon's head, each one accompanied by a spray of blood. Vernon was swaying hard when Harry grabbed hold of his shirt and drew his fist back. He looked right into Vernon's eyes and he could see the faint spark that Vernon knew what was coming. Harry's fist swung forward at a speed he didn't think possible and it sank into his Uncle's face, shattering cartilage and bone… as well as Harry's hand. It didn't matter. He went sailing backwards out of the door of Harry's room and slammed head first into the hall wall where