A/N: This story mostly focuses on the Fellowship's quest, Arwen and Aragorn's relationship and Aragorn's long and winding road to the throne of Gondor. It follows the Extended Versions of the movies but some details from the book might be found in future chapters. Disclaimer ; I obviously do not own any of the characters or the marvelous world created b Tolkien. I wish I possessed his grandness. Nor do I own the movies directed by Peter Jackson who is a visual master in his own right. Both Tolkien and Jackson have instead helped me find inspiration and a story from which I could create my own story and create a fun, but possibly not authentic, AU. So thank you, Tolkien and Jackson, for immortalizing LOTR for a world of fans. A/N 2013 ; I'll be editing further this month to try and remove smaller errors, change scenes that might never have worked and hopefully help improve this story. 1. Arrival in Imladris Arwen's feet moved swift and silent as she headed down the white pathway of the arcade in the direction of the healing house. Her mind was clouded with a heavy concern she could not shake. A concern for the young hobbit within the healing house and a concern for her beloved who remained out in the wild with the other hobbits. Frodo, the hobbit within the sick room, had during the night been wounded by a dagger wielded by a Ring wraith. The Nine had been in hot pursuit of Arwen as she rode with the hobbit towards help and safety. The dark riders had caught up with her as she reached the river and had it not been for the powers of the elves, Arwen and Frodo might never have escaped. As it was, the Nine had been swept away with a deadly wave, called upon by the elf maiden, but it was not a definite strike. The wraiths would return once more. Arwen simply hoped the Nine would not regain their strengths again until Aragorn and the hobbits, too, were safe in Imladris, where the powers of the elves could watch over them. For all she knew and feared, however, Aragorn and his small group could already have been overtaken by the darkest shadows. Arwen had long been accustomed to woe and worry whenever the ranger set out from Rivendell, for the world had slowly turned a more unsafe place, but this time it was different. Though Aragorn was skilled with a blade, indeed counted amongst the greatest of warriors, there were some dark forces even he was best to avoid. Arwen stopped her pace and released a heavy breath that had long ached within her chest. She turned to gaze out over the balustrade and noticed how the sun swept through the decorated columns as if reaching out for the beautiful, wild heather which grew up the side of the building. It seemed even the rays of the sun enjoyed the peace of the gardens below. Arwen knew the Elven kingdom and her most beloved home had always been a safe haven for her own kind and those in need. Even in her worry, the serene spirit of Rivendell managed to touch her heart and give her a small measure of peace. Her head turned to gaze at the door not far from her current position. Behind the grand, decorated door rested the young hobbit who'd received the treacherous wound. When Arwen and Frodo had first arrived, her father had already been awaiting them. Lord Elrond had wasted no time as he had brought the hobbit to his healing room, from which Arwen in her long years had seen few men exit still wounded. Elrond had quickly dismissed his daughter with an honest promise that all would be well. Though Arwen trusted her father blindly, his words had not calmed her for long when she had been left alone to wait out the storm. Her faith was swiftly dwindling and she knew the only thing that would sooth her mind was Aragorn's return. Though Elrond had insisted she change clothes and relax, Arwen had yet to change out of her travel outfit. Upon being dismissed by her father, she had instead hurried to send out horses for the others still in the wilderness, but the day was turning dark and no news had reached Rivendell. There was nothing for Arwen now but to wait and keep her faith. As she leaned against the balustrade, she raised a slender hand to her cheek and traced the small cut on her cheek. She had told her father he could deal with it after he had helped the hobbit. For now, it only served as a cold reminder of the horrors that lay behind her. Suddenly, a second pair of steps echoed in the arcade and Arwen turned at the sound, only to see the tall wizard, Gandalf the Grey, walking towards her. His ragged clothes were ripped and singed at the edges, and his blue hat seemed unusually shaggy as well. His walking staff clicked against the floor in time with his steps as he moved closer. The wizard was obviously unharmed, but seemed to have been been through a great ordeal of sorts. As the bearded man came closer, Arwen took in more of his appearance. For the first time in their acquaintance, Gandalf seemed like a tired, old man. There was something broken and shattered in his pale eyes, as if something dark was weighing him down. Still, the wizard offered her a faint smile even though it scarcely reached his eyes. "Gandalf," Arwen bowed her head and rushed to reassure the elder man, "The hobbit is safe. Father hopes he has healed the worst." Relief washed over the wizard's face as he stopped beside her. He smiled a bit wider then and this time it did reach his eyes. "Lord Elrond is of course one of the best healers in Middle Earth; I would not have expected anything less. After many years of friendship, I have known no time when he has failed to heal a patient. Well…" Gandalf broke off as Arwen turned her gaze away. "Except your mother." "You speak the truth, Mithrandir," Arwen nodded and brushed a lock of her long, dark hair behind her shoulder. To talk of her mother still brought her much anguish, even after so many years since Celebrian's journey over the seas. "My father is truly the best in his field." Gandalf removed his hat from atop his head and brushed some dust off of it, even as he changed the subject, "I must admit, though... I was surprised not with your father, Undómiel, but with you , maiden fair. I was not prepared for the news that you had saved the young hobbit." The elf maiden smiled tenderly. Declining her head, she said, "I have not saved anyone yet. Frodo's fate has yet to be determined." "We shall soon get a definitive answer for Frodo. But irregardless of what happens from this moment on, you gave him a chance at life," Gandalf pointed out and placed a friendly hand on her shoulder. "I know you are worried for him." Arwen looked up into the wizard's eyes; she knew he was not talking about the hobbit any longer. Her mind's eye once more reached out to the ranger still in the wild. With a sad smile, Arwen gazed out over the balustrade to look at the last rays of the setting sun. "There are still no news of them. What if something has happened?" The wizard seemed to consider this, before responding, with a hint of humor in his dark voice, "Things happen every day." The elf sighed as she lifted a curved eyebrow at Gandalf's words, the wizard merely chuckled in reply. "You know as well as I do, milady, that if anyone can take care of the hobbits and himself - it is Aragorn," Gandalf clarified wisely. Arwen nodded. The wizard moved over to the wall and heavily sat down on the bench beside it. He stole a quick glance at the door by his side and as he did, a shadow flickered across Gandalf's face. Once more, the weary grew on his worn features. The fear which had slowly built up within Arwen, recognized the look on his face. There was more to this darkness than what had happened today, and there was surely more still that lay ahead. "How are you, old friend? Tell me more of you," she asked at length. "When did you arrive in Imladris?" "I arrived here not four days ago, a short while after you left, I am told. Your father has kindly filled me in on everything in your absence. The hobbits' danger I was already made aware of." "Yes, but how are you ?" Arwen persisted. "You carry yourself as if you have recently been trialed... and though you have not failed, I see no signs of having succeeded either." "There is little that passes you by," Gandalf remarked shortly and she saw how his face darkened by his own thoughts. "Your guess is true. I went to seek the council of Saruman, my mentor and friend. I had not foreseen what happened when I did…" Arwen's silvery eyes widened in shock by the words that remained unsaid in the air between them. Saruman is no longer a trusted ally . "This is my fault," Gandalf confessed with a deep sigh. "I shouldn't have gone; I should have ridden to meet the hobbits when I was supposed to. Then none of this would have happened." "It is most fortunate they had Aragorn," Arwen assured with a smile. "And you , my lady. Without the two of you, I do not know what would have become of our dear hobbits. But tell me, how are you, elleth?" "Me?" Arwen asked and turned to the man in confusion. "I am in good health certainly. Why do you wonder, Gandalf?" "Can't an old wizard be curious about his friend's well-being?" the wizard shrugged and Arwen smiled. As he continued, curiosity echoed in his raspy voice, "You faced all nine Ring wraiths on your own. There are indeed few alive who can attest to such a feat. I think I'm entitled to be a bit worried about my friend after such an escapade and adventure." "I am unharmed and well, I promise." Gandalf nodded distractedly and moved to join her by the balustrade once more. He raised an old, calloused hand and gently touched the cut on her cheek. As he moved his hand away, Arwen knew he had healed the small wound. "Would you care to enlighten me how you managed to escape the Nazguls?" "What is there to tell? I crossed the river on Asfaloth and the Nine dared not follow me across. When they attempted, I called upon the river's power to help me defeat my foes. The Nine were washed away by a mighty flood, shortly before Frodo's condition worsened." "What happened?" "He had received a poisonous wound, as you know already," Arwen said and continued, "but by the Ford he was so greatly weakened that he lost consciousness. We were losing him. There was only one thing I could do to help. I asked the Valar that the grace which had been given me, be passed to Frodo." Gandalf turned away from her and gazed out at the scenery in silence for a few seconds. As he pursed his lips, Arwen knew there were things going on within his mind she did not fully understand. At length, the wizard glanced back at the woman and said, "It was a kind gesture, milady. You did more than you had to for Frodo, but nothing in vain. Still, your father would have helped him, you did not have to ask the Valar anything." "I did what I could," Arwen insisted with a gentle smile and