A/N Welcome and Thank you for giving this fic a try, we hope you love it as much as we do! You should check out the blog if you want to see the polyvores to go along with this ch. There is also a Playlist there. Just a warning this fic does start out with the infamous Jake and Tanya, don't be scared off this is an E/B fic afterall. Enjoy Princeward! Obviously we do not own twilight or any of its characters. That would be all Mrs. Meyer. We are not trying to steal her Edward. However Princeward is all ours. Chapter 1 – First Impressions ~*~Bella Swan~*~ "Isabella Marie Swan, if you do not hurry we will miss happy hour. We both know that if you do not get to Twilight early on Friday all the sexy guys will be taken by all the drunken sluts from sorority row. We all remember what happened last week." Rose said with a laugh as she walked into my bedroom, crossing her arms as she leaned on my door. "If I remember correctly, you used to be one of those drunken sluts…" I yelled from inside my disaster of a closet. "Is Jake still meeting us there?" I asked limping out of my closet with one knee high black leather boot on and the other in hand. I stopped in my tracks as I took in Rose's statuesque form standing there in a one-strap dress, with an extremely flattering diagonal drape at the opposite hip along with a double sash detail. Her long wavy brown hair pulled up into a ponytail and her make-up was perfect as usual. Although we have been friends for over 2 years, it's often hard not to be envious of how naturally beautiful Rose truly is. I zipped up my boots and stood up walking over to my mirror for one last look at myself before I went out with the brunette goddess. "Do you even have to ask? You have that boy so whipped its sad, I can't believe you've never had sex with him." She said walking up behind me to double check her flawlessness in the mirror, ignoring my first statement. "I mean really he's pretty fucking hot, I don't know what you're waiting for. Luckily for you he's not really my type, or I might have…" "Well we don't want to be too fashionably late, let's go." I said pushing her out of my room and towards the front door. Rose headed to the elevator as I locked the door. I heard my phone chime as I stepped into the elevator and hit the button for the lobby. Pulling my phone out of my clutch, I couldn't help but smile at the text that was waiting for me. B, running a little late but I'll definitely see you there. I have a surprise for you. ~J Maybe Rose was right, I mean it's not like Jake and I weren't friends before we started dating. We'd known each other for nine months before he finally asked me on our first date four months ago. He's the perfect gentleman, treats me like a queen, and has never once pressured me for sex. I rewarded his patience with several blowjobs over the past few weeks followed by him going down on me, so why do I still feel like I am not ready for sex? Before I could ponder that, any longer, the elevator doors opened and Rose had walked out into the lobby. I typed a quick message back to Jake and walked arm and arm out to Rose's bright red sports car. Twilight was the most popular club at UW and I am sure that had more to do with their lax ID checking at the bar. We managed to find two empty bar stools at the bar, and before we could even sit down this guy was offering to buy us a round of shots. He was handsome for the most part, tall and well built with sandy blonde hair and blue eyes, definitely Rose's type. Three tequila shots later and he had pulled her out to the dance floor. I was sitting at the bar nursing my second sex on the beach while watching Rose who was now sandwiched between two guys dancing when I noticed Jacob had arrived. I smiled at him as he walked over to the bar pulling me into a warm embrace, leaning down to kiss me on the cheek. He released me and turned to order a beer from the bartender, I don't know if it was strictly the liquor or if my lack of sex had finally caught up to me but at that moment I wanted to feel Jake's body flushed up against mine. After he took a swig of his beer, I wrapped my arms around his neck and leaned up to kiss him on the lips. It wasn't long before our tongues were massaging each other's and his hands were rubbed from my lower back down to my ass. He cupped my ass in his large hands and pulled me deeper into the kiss. My hands moved up his neck and started running threw his short jet black perfectly coiffed hair. I pulled away from him taking in his sent as I laid my head on his massive chest wrapping my arms around his waist, there was something about the way he smelled it was manly and like the outdoors. "Well what did I do to deserve that welcome?" Jake asked kissing me on the top of my head. I looked up into his chocolate brown eyes and at that moment knew that today would end my dry spell and Jacob Black would finally be getting some. "What can I say; I was really happy to see you." I said giving him a devilish smile as he leaned down to give me another kiss. "Ugh, why don't you two get a room already?" Rose said as she walked up holding hands with one-half of her man sandwich. "Bella, Jake this is Peter, Peter this is my roommate Bella and her… well her… oh hell he's her boyfriend." Rose said looking between Jake and me before reaching for her drink off the bar behind me. I looked from the officially tipsy Rose back to Jake who was looking at me questioningly. We had never talked about putting a label on what we were, but it was understood we were more than just friends. Maybe tonight would be the night that I showed him that that's what I might actually want. I downed the rest of my drink and leaned up to whisper in Jake's ear that I wanted him to take me back to his place. I grabbed my clutch off the counter and started guiding Jake towards the front door of the club; the cool summer air hit me and slowly tried to pull me out of my liquor-fueled haze… I managed to make it all the way to Jake's Red Volkswagen Tiguan before my legs started to wobble. Jake unlocked the doors and helped me into the passenger seat before walking around to the driver's side, starting the car up, and pulling out of the parking space. I must have fallen into a deep sleep during the 15-minute drive back to our building because, the next thing I knew Jacob was carrying me through the garage and was waiting for the elevator. I couldn't stop staring at this 6'4" man holding me in his arms as if I was weightless. I reached a hand up and rubbed my fingers along his jaw letting my thumb trace his bottom lip before planting a kiss on them as we walked onto the elevator. By the time we reached the 14th floor, we couldn't take our hands off each other. I couldn't wait to be inside of his apartment and feel his strong hands all over my body. Jacob set me down long enough for him to unlock his door, but as soon as we crossed the threshold, it was go time. I had unzipped my boots in the hall so I pulled them off without losing contact with his mouth. Without the shoes, my 5'4" frame looked dwarfed next to his, we made our way to his bedroom while causing only minimal damage. I watched as Jake pulled off his polo exposing his defined muscles in only a black wife beater. I couldn't help but bite on my bottom lip as I slowly sauntered over to him as he was pulling off the wife beater and ghosted my hands along his well-defined six-pack. Looking up at him through my lashes I slowly undid his belt while he slowly unzipped the dress I was wearing letting it fall to the floor. I pushed his jeans down his calves letting a slight giggle slip out as he wiggled them down to his ankles before stepping out of them. I wrapped my arms back around his neck to pull him down to kiss me; instead, he picked me up cradling my ass in his large hands as I wrapped my legs around his waist. Our tongues couldn't get enough of each other as he carried me over to his massive California king bed, laying me down on my back with him in between my legs and his erection pressing against my stomach only inches from the spot that was practically over flowing with excitement. I leaned up to unhook my bra, but he beat me to it undoing it with one hand, I was slightly impressed. I pulled his black boxer-briefs down releasing his very hard penis, I wrapped my hand around it stroking it a few times as the tip started to produce pre-cum. I rubbed the cum along the head with my thumb before leaning in and taking as much of it as I could in my mouth. ~*~Jacob Black~*~ I was getting impatient while waiting to meet with the travel agent. The trip I was planning for Bella would be the first time either of us would have left the country not to mention our first trip as a pseudo couple. I was secretly hoping that this trip would be the perfect way of telling Bella that I wanted to be more than just her friend. I was so deep in thought that I didn't notice the customer before me leaving. I was supposed to be meeting Bella and Rose at Twilight around nine, it was already 7:45, and I still needed to get ready. I pulled out my blackberry and sent Bella a quick text letting her know I was going to be late but I had a surprise for her. I was walking into the travel agent's office when I got a text back from Bella. A surprise really? Any hints? Don't worry I am just leaving, I'll save you a dance ;) –B I filled out the remaining paper work for the flights and hotel, extremely happy I saved enough money for two non-refundable roundtrip tickets to Montego Bay, Jamaica and a JR honeymoon suite at an all-inclusive hotel. We would be leaving in a week for a two-week getaway to just relax and "Hopefully" have a lot of island sex. It was around 8:30 when I finally left the travel agents rushing home to take a quick shower to wash the grease from working in the garage all day off, ready to give my Bella her surprise getaway. I got out of the shower dried off, threw on my favorite yellow polo, and faded dark blue jeans and white air force ones. I was on my way to look in the mirror one last time before leaving to meet Bella and Rose when I heard my phone beep with a text message. I walked over to my nightstand where my phone was charging and smiled in anticipation of the