Summary: What if Eärendil does not sail, just when his light is most needed? What delayed him? And will Aragorn survive this night? Rating: T Disclaimer: Borrowed from Tolkien, will be returned (eventually) A/N: Written for March Teitho: Return of the Light. Taking the topic literally... (And I think everybody who knows some of my stories could guess it's mine in Teitho... My apologies for that, this was the first idea I had when looking at the topic.) Many thanks to my beta Cairistiona! Inspired by the roleplay "Undying Lands", with thanks to my fellow players Lirulin-yirth-k'aio, openmeadow and Windsurfbabe When the Stars do not Shine The clouds part. The gap reveals a figure, pale in the moonlight. It is a man, staggering on a rocky path. Above the clouds, a shining ship sails, with a swan-prow and a lantern that glows like living flame into the darkness among the stars. A careful glance reveals more on the path behind. There are Warg carcasses there, and a low heap of stones, just big enough to cover a body. Tracks are all around the place: traces of fight, and of someone gathering the stones for the mound. Not the bigger ones... just smaller, as if the one carrying them lacked the strength to lift the heavier stones. There are traces of blood all around the place. It is hard to tell which belongs to the Wargs, and which is human. But one bloody trail leads further – to the man on the path. He limps heavily, but continues forwards. His clothes are bloodied, but again it is hard to tell how much of the blood is his. In the light of the moon, something wet glistens on his face. He is alone. No one will see the tears for his fallen companion. No one, just the chilling wind of the night, and the stars on the sky... Eärendil clutches the rails of his ship. Oh Aragorn, what have you gotten yourself into this time?... Thousands of reflections dance like tiny sparkles on the foamy waves of the ocean as the swan-ship descends into her haven. When the anchor is secured, the Mariner leaves the deck, and walks upon the pier slowly. His shoulders are slumped, and he does not pay much attention to his surroundings. As if in a dream he walks the usual path, leading to a white tower where the gulls sing. Before the door, he hesitates. The rising Sun reflects in the high windows, and a song sounds from above – a woman's voice joining the song of the gulls, singing about freedom and joy of flight, and the salty breeze in white feathers. He looks up, into the windows, and then he turns slowly. Down the beach, the sea crushes into the stones, rumbling and murmuring. He walks to the shore, and seats himself on one of the stones. His eyes are gloomy, as he looks to the east, letting the salty breeze whip his face with the strands of his own hair. He does not know how long he sits so, his clothes wet from the spray. A strange feeling compels him to rise and turn. As if something that was always present had gone suddenly missing, and he couldn't find out what it was. Like a desecration it feels, as if somebody had touched with dirty handssomething that is the most inner part of him. Suddenly the light is different. Darker, without hope... Alarmed, he turns to his ship. It looks dead, without the inner flame that was her part for so long. The shadows on the deck are long in the rising Sun, and make the white timbers look grey and faded. The Silmaril! It is not in its place! Eärendil stands frozen in place for a moment, shocked by the sight. But then his legs begin to run, as though from their own will, faster and faster, to the ship, in pursuit of the most precious thing he has in his safekeeping. Two tracks lead away through the sand. Two dark figures can be seen in the distance, running away into the pine woods. He pursues them, like a hound following the trail of game. The anger at what is happening gives his feet speed. The anger at the ones who dare to do such a thing, to steal the sign of hope when it is needed most... They run, but he is quicker. He cries out as he catches up with them, but does not even know what he is crying. Knowing that they won't outrun him, they turn. He recognizes the faces. They are two of the Noldor from Tirion, sons of noble families. His eyes glint dangerously. "Return what is not yours!" he says, menacingly, despite the fact that he is out of breath. They are, too. They look at one another, and it is clear that, now that they have been recognized, they cannot let him escape. They draw swords. First now Eärendil realizes that they are armed... and he is not – who would carry a weapon in Aman? His sword rests in its scabbard in the cabin of his ship, prepared for the hunt with Tilion. In the Blessed Realm, in the Peace of Valar, there is no need for weapons... or so he thought. Now he curses himself for a fool for becoming too comfortable here, and putting aside his old warrior habits. It was only a matter of time... "Return the Silmaril!" he repeats, and despite his lack of weapon, his voice is steady and menacing. "Or what?" one of them asks, sounding confident. Eärendil takes a deep breath. "What do you need it for? You have sworn no oath. You don't need itas a sign of hope..." "We need it for our king!" the second exclaims, and his eyes glisten like the ones of a fanatic. "What king?" Eärendil narrows his eyes. "Arafinwë has no need for the Silmaril." "Arafinwë is not the king! Fëanáro should be, and he will be released from Mandos if we get the Silmaril!" "This is madness... Fëanáro won't be released until the end of the world!" "When the Silmaril is returned to its place in Formenos, he will be released!" Eärendil shakes his head. This is madness, indeed. He measures his opponents. They are donned in armour, and their swords are drawn. What chance does he have against them? But they have lived in Aman for their whole lives. They are no warriors, while he is a dragonslayer. If only he had his sword! Where is the Silmaril? There is a satchel at the belt of one of them, with a piece of cloth sticking out of it. They did not risk touching it with bare hands... Once more he tries to reason with them. "Please," he says quietly. "It is not true, believe me. The Silmaril is a sign of hope now. Evil grows in Middle-earth again. Would you leave it without hope, thinking that the Valar abandoned them? Please, let me sail with it..." He is begging them, he realizes, but it does not matter. It does not matter if he has to humble himself before them. He must sail today. He must bring hope... Do they not see it? Do they not understand that his light is needed today? They do not. They do not answer; they pay no attention to his pleas. They try to circle him, and he knows they are going to attack. He has seen their faces. He can accuse them before the Valar... two points of sword are directed at him, in hands ready to attack. But he is quicker. He makes a deceptive move to the side, and after a blade misses him, he lunges for the satchel. For a moment, his fingers grasp it, but then a tongue of fiery pain licks his side, in the tracks of cold and sharp metal. He cries out, but does not withdraw. Only inexperienced fighters let pain interfere with their moves. Something warm and wet is staining his clothes... He kicks one and catches the sword-arm of the other descending upon him. He tries to twist it, but the elf grasps him with his free hand. The two are locked in fight, both trying to get free and hold the opponent in the same time. But there is the second elf, who has recovered from Eärendil's kick and approaches with the naked blade. Eärendil can see him in the corner of his eye. Suddenly he ducks to the ground, taking his opponent with him. As he falls on his back, he throws the elf over his shoulder, at the second one. For a few heartbeats he is in a favourable position, with a hand on the throat of one of his opponents, while the other is in the heap beneath them. He cannot control both for long, he knows. He frees his other hand, and reaches quickly for the satchel. He manages to grasp the piece of cloth, and yank it, before the elf gets from under his companion and rolls over Eärendil. The cloth opens, and great light fills the glade in the pine forest. The bright jewel hits the ground a few feet away from the combatants. In that light, they cast long and dark shadows, flickering with their moves and the facets of the gem as they catch and reflect the rays of sun filtered through the pine branches moving in the wind. Eärendil is caught beneath the elf, and strong punches force him to let go of the other's throat. He curls into himself instinctively under the rain of blows. As a fist catches his injured side, he cries out in pain. The world becomes a blur, and he knows he has little time. The one whose throat he has been holding reaches for the sword. One hand less restraining him, Eärendil uses his chance and reaches for the Silmaril. He sees the point of the sword descending upon him. Strange, he thinks, there is no feeling of doom. Just a simple sword... a sharp piece of metal. Probably from the War of Wrath, taken without permission. He had killed a dragon then. It feels a little... ordinary... to die by such a sword. But he's not going to! His fingertips touch the Silmaril. It is like something well known and familiar, giving reassurance, as his hand grasps it, and brings before himself. They are blinded. He is also – by pain. His right arm bursts from it; he feels the point of the sword gliding deeper, grazing the bone... What was that about experienced fighters? The pain... something with pain. Everything is pain... He forces himself to think past it... oh yes, he holds a Silmaril in his left hand... He thrusts it blindly toward the face of the elf leaning over him. And a pained cry tells him he didn't miss. The sword falls to the ground as the elf clutches his hands on his face. Eärendil shudders as the sword grazes the bone again with that movement, and grits his teeth. The second opponent still holds him, and he brings the Silmaril as a living flame to the restraining hand. The elf pulls it back with a hiss,and Eärendil uses the opportunity to roll over, and go for the face again. Another cry of pain. A part of him pities them, for they have been misled by lies, but for the most part he feels anger... and pain... - the two are mixing... Struggling to his feet, he wields the Silmaril as a weapon. His eyes shine with a dangerous light that matches the one of the jewel in his hand. They can't stand against him. They retreat, and disappear into the woods. But they have been marked... He stands for a moment, the Silmaril shining in his hand and wrath in his eyes. Finally,when he is sure that they won't return, he allows