Summary: It is Midsummer, the day when Gondolin fell. Will Rivendell fall also? Someone else will take the place of Glorfindel in the pass of Cirith Thoronath, and the Balrog Slayer must deal with the past to find his place in the present. Rating: T (last minute) Beta : nautika Disclaimer: According to Gondorian laws, nothing is mine here.... Dedicated to StarLight9, with congratulations to her first month as a Teitho mod Returning to Cirith Thoronath He opened his eyes. It was dark and quiet. There were stars on the sky, bright points in the sea of darkness. He wondered what happened: the memory eluded him. His fingers were coated with something sticky. It was strangely warm, although the wind that toyed with his hair was cold like the last breath of winter. He tried to move them carefully. The cold merged with heat in a stream of pain. From his fingers… no, from his side that they were clenched on…. From his leg. From his head. Many icily hot streams that joined in a river of pain flooded him and tossed him into a whirlpool, he could not breathe…. It was dark beneath the surface…. Glorfindel's heart beat heavily in his chest. He did not look back. He knew the Orcs were there, somewhere, still in the pass maybe… His heart clenched when he thought about what delayed them. It should be him… it was his place. He has done it before. He died there… It was so similar then. Frighteningly similar. He wished now he hadn't accepted Estel's offer. He wished he had come alone. But he had welcomed the company, afraid if he came alone the memories he was trying to avoid would also come. They would also come if he stayed in Rivendell. It was that night. There will be a feast in Rivendell. At the Gates of Summer, there will be songs and celebration in the shortest night of the year. The fires will burn for the whole night, and they will dance around them. The wine will flow…. Just like then. With song, they expected the dawn, but the light came from the north, and made the white walls of Gondolin glow red like with blood. The fires of Morgorth's dragons.... He could not celebrate this night. Instead, he decided to go on patrol, to the quiet woods, away from the songs and fires. No, fires had another meaning for him tonight. He saw his death when he looked into the flames. He had to go away. But he could not escape the memories. They were there, lurking in the dark corners of his mind. He was glad when Estel offered to join him on the patrol. He tried to dissuade him and convince him to stay and enjoy the celebration, but only half-heartedly. He should have tried harder! He shouldn't have allowed it! He ran as fast as he could. Many lives depended on his speed. But the one that he left behind... Was it lost already? Maybe... just maybe, if he was fast enough.... He quickened his mad flight even more. He did not pay attention to the branches lashing his face and the creeping plants entangling his feet. He ran, just like Tuor did with Idril and little Eärendil, because he understood the price of sacrifice and would not allow it to be paid in vain! He ran. There was something wet on his face. With surprise, he realized it was tears.... Aragorn took a shivery breath. Yes, breathing.... That seemed like a good idea. He concentrated on his breath – in and out, in and out. He breathed through clenched teeth. In and out. The darkness abated a little. But not the pain. The pain stayed like icy flame circling in his veins and burning his thoughts. In and out - he tried not to think about it.... He tried to remember. There had to be something before the pain.... Glorfindel. Oh yes, Glorfindel.... it was Midsummer, he realised suddenly. In and out... breathe and try to remember.... Remember what? Midsummer in Rivendell? The memory of a Midsummer long ago came instead. When he was younger, he noticed that the golden-haired Elf was missing the celebrations.... He did not think about it then. Yes, there were the history lessons, but they were about something long ago and far away. Gondolin was a city of legend, old ruins lying beneath the waves of the sea, something distant and mysterious. He did not realize then what it meant to Glorfindel.... For Glorfindel it was not an old tale in the history books. For him Gondolin was a city, a living, prospering city with people in the streets and songs of silver fountains. But Estel had never heard him speak about it... about.... In.... In and out.... For a moment, as he lay on the hard stones, with the starry sky above his head, he could almost feel it through the veil of pain – the white city shining in the sun, Glorfindel's city. It floated somewhere there, on the corners of his mind together with the haunted eyes of the golden-haired warrior. No, they weren't alwyas such. They were lively and full of inner joy, kind like high summer sky. Just this one day, this one night they lost their shine. It was the day when Gondolin fell. Now he understood.... He was looking forward to the celebration, but when he saw Glorfindel's eyes, he forgot all his plans of enjoying the night. Glorfindel shouldn't be alone this night, he thought. He shouldn't be alone with the memory of his death... Glorfindel had died that night. In a mountain pass, protecting the retreat of the refuges. He died fighting a balrog. Aragorn's thoughts circled around that point. There was shadow and flame. It burned like thousands of white-hot spears. It hurt. It hurt so terribly.... He was falling... falling... falling into a deep chasm enveloped with flame.... In and.... The night was cold; the wind blew from the mountains. Glorfindel ran with the wind, with the quick flowing of the river. His heart pounded in the rhythm of his steps. He ran breathlessly, replaying the scene over and over in his mind as the dark shapes of the familiar country passed beside him. What could he have done differently? Nay, there was nothing. He should have declined the offer – but he knew he wouldn't. Not today. It was just like then.... They came unexpectedly, after a long time of peace. If he had just known, had anticipated it, he would have make the patrols much stronger. But he couldn't know that the Orcs will come in such number. They were not the mountain goblins on a raid. They were Orcs, strong and sturdy, and armed in steel. It was no raid – it was an organized attack. Just like then – there was another mind behind it, evil and cunning. The Necromancer was driven out of Dol Guldur, but the evil stirred again. Rumors of Ringwraiths spread. Just like then, the enemy came on the night of celebration. For that one day, the warriors put away their sword. Rivendell was unprotected – besides the ordinary patrols... one of them comprised of an Elf and a Man.... The terrain was rugged there, scoured by the quick waters of Bruinen, and the sound of the river rushing from the mountains muted all other sounds. They were close to the Orcs already when they noticed them behind a stone bank – a group counting more than one hundred. They froze in place, glancing quickly at each other. They did not need to speak to agree on a quick and silent retreat. There was no chance to fight such a group. On this night, Rivendell will be almost unprotected – they had to warn them! But then, something went wrong. The wind blew in the wrong direction. One of the Orcs was on the wrong place to see them out of the corner of his eye when he turned suddenly. One of them made a wrong move, too quick or maybe too slow.... Everything was wrong since then. They ran like a stag pursued by wargs. They could hear the cries of rage behind them, the steel boots scraping on the stones of the riverbank. The valley was narrow here, there was nowhere to hide – just run, run as fast as they could, forward, forward without looking back! They were two and the Orcs were many, but they knew they could trust each other with their life. The Elf and Man were faster than Orcs. The distance between them grew. They hoped they would be able to escape the Orcs and gain a headstart to warn Rivendell in time – just a little time for the warriors to grab their weapons and don the armour that has seen so many battles. But then it went wrong again. They reached a long stretch where the river made no curves. Arrows whistled around them. A sharp cry of pain and surprise. For a short moment Glorfindel's heart stopped. He saw Aragorn stumble at his side. The time froze. No, this cannot happen.... This is not happening! The last heir of Isildur can't die on a patrol by some orc-arrow! But then Aragorn stood up and stumbled forwards unsteadily before falling into step again. He was limping heavily. Glorfindel's heart clenched with relief when he saw that the injury was not serious, and with worry when he saw the black arrow protruding from his leg. Aragorn's eyes met his. There was no time to take it out. They both knew that he wouldn't be able to run for long. But Glorfindel saw also the spark of determination in Aragorn's eyes. He accommodated his step, and reached his hand to support Aragorn in their flight. For some time they kept their pace, although Glorfindel could feel the tenseness of Aragorn's muscles and the wild beating of his heart, like heavy drums in the darkness. He leaned on Glorfindel ever more heavily, and stumbled more often. They could hear the Orcs' cries carried by the echoes, nearer and nearer behind the curve of the path. On both sides, the wall of the valley rose high, with no chance for escape. Aragorn stumbled again, and rose with clenched teeth, by the sheer force of will. Glorfindel bit his lip. They won't be able to go on this way much longer.... Aragorn's eyes met his again, and a silent plea was in them. Help me... just a little longer... And suddenly, Glorfindel understood, and it was like an icy hand clutching his heart. Aragorn knew they would not reach Rivendell in time this way. Further ahead, the path was narrower, with the rushing river on one side and a sheer rock face on another. One man could defend it against a number of enemies.... No! Glorfindel's mind raced as he helped Aragorn to his feet. There must be some other way! It can't end thus! But deep inside he knew there was none. Aragorn ran with new strength now, his eyes not leaving his goal, and only by the fingers clenching his tunic convulsively could Glorfindel guess the sheer amount of pain that every step caused him. Glorfindel dreaded the moment when they would reach the narrow pass. But he could not stop; the Orcs will be at them soon if he does. The pass neared. The moment came. Aragorn stumbled again and sank to the ground breathing heavily, as if his strength would finally give up. "Estel! Run!" Glorfindel reached out to help him to his feet again, but Aragorn just shook his head. "You must run further... alone..." For a moment Glorfindel stood motionless, his throat tight, refusing to accept the truth. His warrior heart screamed at him to stay and fight at Aragorn's side, but he knew it was hopeless against such odds, and if they both fell,