Summary: While Ar-Pharazôn dreams in his eternal sleep in the Caves of the Damned, Faramir of Gondor dreams of dark waves and prophecies. Can their fates touch, and what will come of it? 3rd place in Teitho: "Dreams" Rating: K+ Disclaimer: Not mine. Tolkien's. Note: This story is based on different Tolkien's writings, including the older versions of the legendarium in the History of Middle-earth. Beta: Cairistiona Dreamers The laughter of children sounded in the sweet, fragrant air. Many voices, merry and yet serious, for playing is a serious matter for those who are just discovering the world. There were girls and boys, clad in nightgowns, and all seemed busy with play: some building a house in the branches of a great tree, others singing, tending to the colourful flowers, dancing upon the green grass or, those of a more quiet nature, sitting under a tree and listening to the music in the air or stories told by a high lord and lady, clad in white. Evening was in the air, the warm, golden moment between day and night. It was always evening here, in this fairy-tale country. In awe, the boy looked around. The other children seemed to be quite at home here, laughing merrily in their play. In the middle of the lush greenery and bright flowers, there was a cottage. It looked very old and new-built in the same time. White and gold it was, and the evening made the colours soft and welcoming. It seemed to the boy that there was a strange magic in the air, one that made one want to weep and laugh at the same time, feeling old like all ages of the world and yet fresh and new, ageless. Immortal… The white-clad lord looked up, and smiled at him. The same light was in his eyes, the peaceful light of a warm evening, the last rays of sun mixed with the first stars. "Welcome to the Little House of Play, Pharazôn…" "It is not your fault, brother…" the dark-clad Vala said quietly. "Oh Námo, is it not?" Irmo, the second of the Fëanturi brothers, sighed. "I built Olórë Mallë, the Path of Dreams. I built the Little House of Play for the children of Men so they can come in their dreams and see the Blessed Realm, and know it in their heart even if they won't remember it in the waking world. I wanted to show the beauty and light to all, to give those who are willing to walk the Path to the end a memory of hope and purity that will last even when their world darkens. I never thought…" His voice broke, and he hid his face in his palms. "Of course you did not." Námo put his hand on his brother's shoulder, and his touch was surprisingly warm. "You could not know what…" He paused, for he did know. He was the only one who knew all the paths of fate, but rarely did he ever speak of it to anyone – not even to his brother. It was a heavy burden sometimes. He shook his head, and smiled gently. "You could not know that Ar-Pharazôn would try to find the way back, when the paths of childhood are obscured in the mist of maturity. But it is not your fault. It was Sauron who touched that secret stirring in him. It was the honey-dipped lies of Aulë's former apprentice that made the king of Númenor remember the land from his dreams, and long for it. If you want to lay the blame on yourself, then you might as well lay it on me." "How so?" Irmo looked up, studying the pale face of his brother intently. "You have done nothing wrong." Námo smiled sadly. "No, not wrong. Nothing of what I do is wrong, and yet they are afraid. Of me, and of the path I built." "The Qalvanta…" Irmo whispered. "The road of Death." "Yes. Just like Olórë Mallë, it leads to Valinor. But unlike it, there is no return, and for the Second-born, it continues beyond my halls. And they fear it. They fear me." Irmo shook his head. "They fear the unknown. They mistake the guide for a judge." "I knew they would, when I built it." Námo shrugged. "Still you could say it is my fault. Ar-Pharazôn did not want to take my road. He did not want to accept the Gift of the One, and sought a way how to change the very nature of the world for it." "He succeeded…" Irmo remarked bitterly. "But not in a way he hoped." "He succeeded indeed," Námo nodded. "No ship from Mortal shores will ever reach Valinor again. Only the Straight road remains, for those returning home." There was a strange wistfulness in his voice when he spoke about returning, and Irmo knew how deeply the fate of the Exiles in Middle-earth touched his brother, for he has been the voice of their Doom. "Only the Straight road," Irmo echoed. "And Qalvanta. It was a mistake to build another way. I will block Olórë Mallë, and no Mortal child will ever walk it again." Yet there was pain in his face as he spoke the worlds, for he loved the children of Men and their play deeply. "Do it, brother." Námo looked into his eyes. "But do not tear down the Little House of Play. Its time may yet come again…" For a long time Irmo looked at his brother, wondering what the Lord of Mandos might know. But Námo didn't tell anything. The boy ran along the coast. He didn't have a goal, didn't know where he was running. He just wanted to get away – away from this place, from this time… from himself. Somehow, he knew the direction. He stopped before several great boulders, hesitating. It was wrong. There should be a path, but there was none – just these heavy stones, blocking the way. He stood there for some time, frowning. But the longing to get away was too strong, and he could not stay or go back. He reached for the boulders, and began to climb. It was a hard way for the little hands and feet. He fell and scraped his knees. For a moment, his lip quivered and tears threatened to well in his eyes. But then he set his jaw, and tried again. Again he fell. Again he tried. Once it was an impassable obstacle, but now, the boulders were weathered by time, by the salty breeze from the Sea, and the cracks in the rock created footholds where there were none before. Step after step he climbed, until the boulders were behind him and the path before – a lane with deep banks and great overhanging hedges. Tall trees whispered beyond the hedge, and fireflies flickered in the grass. His step was light as he walked that path, and it seemed as if almost no time passed until he reached its end. There stood a high gate of lattice work shining golden in the dusk, opening up to winding paths leading into the fairest garden. And in the middle of the garden, he could see a white cottage. The boy passed the gate, and then stopped hesitantly, and looked around. A warm evening was in the air, and the colours of the garden were soft and welcoming. Music sounded seemingly from nowhere, and birds sang sweetly to its tones. Yet there was a strange silence lying upon the garden - as if it was used to many merry voices, but nobody spoke there now. Somebody was there, though, awaiting him. A white clad lord with kind eyes walked to meet him. "Welcome to the Cottage of Lost Play, Faramir," he smiled at the boy. Little Faramir made a step forwards, looking at the lord with wide, earnest eyes. "Who are you? And why is it lost?" The Vala shook his head good-heartedly. "I am Irmo, or Lórien, the lord of dreams. And the play is lost, for no children come here anymore. Besides you. How did you find the way?" "I…" Faramir bit his lip. "I just wanted to get away. Somewhere where… where such things don't happen…" Tears welled in his eyes again, of a much deeper pain than when he scraped his knees. "What happened, little one?" Irmo knelt before him, healing the scrapes, but not moving his eyes from the child's face. "My mother… she…" The tears ran freely now, and Irmo embraced the boy. "Shhh… Easy, little one. Your mother is fine now. My brother is a kind guide…" He held the boy while he wept, and dried his tears. A long time passed, but in this garden, it was still evening. Finally the tears abated. "You are a brave boy to have found the way," Irmo whispered, then paused. "Would you like to see the garden?" Hesitantly, Faramir nodded. Ar-Pharazôn dreamt. It was not death, and it was not living – it had to be a dream then. He did not remember falling asleep though. He remembered the shores of Valinor beneath his feet, the marching of a mighty army under his command – the trumpets and banners. Then the very ground opening under their feet, the hills falling down to crush them, waves rushing to swallow them. Then... nothing. The Caves of the Damned was the place called. He did not know it. He slept there, together with his army, being denied both life and death – the Gift he despised – until Dagor Dagorath and the end of the world. Yet in the sleep, he dreamed. Sometimes, he dreamed of the past. Gold and red it was – red like the sweet wine of Númenor, like blood… He dreamed of Sauron, who wore a fair face as Annatar. Sweet were his words – sweet like that wine from a golden chalice, yet with a lingering taste of blood. He dreamed of Tar-Míriel, and of ships and spears, blowing horns and wind in the sails. Sometimes, he dreamed of other things – people he never met in life, places he never saw. But one dream always returned. Now he dreamed it, as well. He stood in a high place, and saw a great wave coming. Like an ominous wall of darkness rushing from the sea, swallowing green hills and white cities, climbing higher and higher… There was nowhere to escape, nowhere to run anymore. The land drowned in the fury of the Sea. Dark water touched his feet, rising… -oOo- "No!" Faramir awoke in cold sweat. He was drowning in a dark wave. He couldn't breathe... No, no. It was just a dream. That dream again… Darkness was around him. But it was not the absolute darkness like in the depth of the Sea. Not the Darkness Unescapable… The sky was clouded, but still some light came through the open window, and the curtains moved in a night breeze. When he looked closely, he could make out the outlines of the table and chair in his room. Still it took him a few moments until his racing heart calmed. That dream. The fall of Númenor. It returned to him often, always the same, always frightening. World falling into darkness. He had to think of the dark power rising in the East and wonder if the nightmare would come true. And, just like every time the dream returned, he promised himself that he would do everything he could to prevent it. "I did not send that dream…" Irmo shook his head, "Neither does it come from his own mind." "I know," Námo nodded. Irmo sighed. "Of course you do," he said tiredly. "So tell me, where did it come from?" Námo was quiet for a moment, looking into the distance. "From one sleeper who will not wake until the end of the world," he said finally. "Ar-Pharazôn…" Irmo whispered. "The mind of the boy is open to his