Summary : When Aragorn found the sapling of the White Tree upon the slopes of Mindolluin, it was seven years old. When the first leaf of its ancestor opened, Isildur was healed. When did the new tree begin to grow, and why? 1st place in Teitho "Trees" Rating: T Disclaimer: Tolkien is still the rightful owner of these characters. I borrowed them without his knowledge... I hope I manage to return them before he finds out! Beta: Cairistiona Tree of Life 3013 T.A. There was the sun and the wind. There was the warm soil and rain. And the cycle – the never ceasing cycle of rebirth and oblivion, the wisdom of years. Beginning - just a faint idea, a hope nestled in the bud. Precious, tender, opening – like a word quietly spoken, like a frail butterfly wing – the first leaf. Shy green palms turned to the sun, sleepy yet, but full of joy and expectation, the song of sap flowing under the bark. The dance of leaves in the wind, the shining dew of mornings, and the gentle breeze stroking the branches - whispering a quiet melody. Then the high noon of summer, the dreams with the scent of honey and amber, sweet slumber. Autumn comes too soon with the cold breath of wind, the last goodbye to the leaving sun – and for that a dress of the colour of the sun's hair, gold and scarlet. Dignified and proud like a queen she is in that dress, watching her leaves flutter one by one with the wind, and giving something of herself away, dying a little with every leaf, and letting the wind take her pain. Naked she falls asleep, and snow embraces her softly, the green summer just a memory in the darkness of oblivion. Light going through the darkness to be born anew – just a faint idea, a hope nestled in the bud. Year by year. The changing of seasons, the rhythm of her life. Century by century. And then came sudden pain, a sting of sharp metal. The sap of her life mixed with another, red and warm. -oOo- He ran. Out of breath, not looking back. The wet branches whipping his face. Ahead – darkness of the night forest. Behind – cries of pursuit, iron boots crushing the dead leaves. Ahead, miles to the east – Rivendell in the secret, guarded valley. Behind – the wandering group of Orcs from the Misty Mountains who got too close to the inhabited lands. Between them – a Ranger who underestimated the endurance of Orcs and his weariness. Or maybe he didn't. Maybe he just wanted to lure the Orcs away from the road, knowing that a group of travellers would be passing that way soon. The travellers didn't know him, they didn't know of the danger lurking on the road. Well… he had succeeded - but had no time to think about it. There was a band of angry Orcs after him. Aragorn stumbled on a root. Quickly, he scrambled to his feet. He caught a glimpse of his pursuers – dark shadows, glowing eyes. Nearing. He found his footing. He ran. To the east: Rivendell is to the east. In the east the sun will rise soon. Rivendell. A vision of rest and safety. And more, much more. His family. His love. His heart ached to see them; he longed to hold Arwen's slender hand in his. After he returned from his journeys, he headed first after the call of duty, to the Rangers. But now, assured that no evil befell the Dúnedain during his absence, he followed the call of his heart. So long it was since he had last seen them. The hunt for Gollum took him far from his kin and family, to dark and dangerous places, and still it remained unsuccessful, still the wretched creature eluded him, and he didn't know if he would ever manage to fulfil his promise to Gandalf. But he did not want to dwell on that thought – not with the Orcs behind his back. The sun will rise soon – that was a thought to dwell on. The sun will rise, and drive the Orcs into hiding. They were the mountain sort, fearing the light of day. Then he will see Rivendell again. He was just taking a shortcut, he thought wryly when the cries of Orcs grew louder. Oh Arien, where are you? Surely you should have already started your daily journey… Bring light that the creatures of darkness can't withstand… He saw an impressive silhouette ahead. There was a clearing with a great tree – several men would have trouble to embrace it. A little creek rumbled nearby. What a beautiful place, he though. Yet he had no time to admire the beauty. In the clearing, the Orcs had a clear shot at him. He quickened his mad flight. His lungs burned. Breathe. Later. In safety. Now run! Legs like lead. Forget. Just run. Run! The whistling of air was his only warning. He turned on his heel – to face a flying spear. He dashed to the side. Too late. Explosion of pain. The hard impact against the rough bark. The sharp, agonized cry. Everything was drowned by pain – the merciless, fiery pain as the Orc spear pierced his shoulder, and impaled him to the tree. Pain. And darkness. -oOo- She let the years pass by, savouring the sun and drinking the rain. But now, she turned to the present moment, anchored in it by the sharp metal boring into her living wood. By the red, warm blood that soaked into it. To her, it was just a little sting – but pulsing beside her, like one heart beside another, she felt another thread of life - as frail and fragile as the opening bud in a storm. Blood and sap mixed. Now they were one. Malice and cruelty was in the air. Dark creatures entering her glade. To end the life. To break the bud. She could not allow it! The ancient wood creaked. -oOo- The Orcs advanced, grinning maliciously. What a sight it was! The Ranger impaled to the tree like a helpless rat on a skewer. They laughed. Some of them even began to sing a mocking tune. What a prey this was! And it even seemed that the Ranger was still alive, for the spear pierced his shoulder, but missed the lung. There was a lot of fun ahead! One of the Orcs stopped, his grin freezing. He sensed something was amiss. His companions did not notice – all their attention was with the unconscious Ranger, already planning what to do with him. Take him with the spear, it's a good way to carry him home, suggested one. No, he will not last that long, protested another. Finish him now, before the cruel sun rises. Finish him, all right, next one joined the argument. But slowly. Take him into some dark hole and have a bit fun until it will be dark enough to travel. Why take him home whole when the head is enough, isn't it… As they neared the centre of the glade, the argument continued, but that one Orc no longer paid attention. Something was wrong here… THUD With an ominous crack, a heavy dry branch fell in the middle of the group. Screams, panic. Some ran away. Some could not, crushed by the weight. Those in the back did not know what happened, and were knocked off their feet by those running away. The Ranger was momentarily forgotten. "Enough!" a loud cry brought some order into the panic. The group had a new leader, it seemed. A cool head was all it took to become a leader when the old one lay crushed beneath a piece of wood. Another loud crack. Instinct alone saved the new leader from the fate of his predecessor. The branch still had a few green leaves… With a loud yelp, he ran away. The panic ensued anew. Just a few moments after the last Orcs disappeared from the glade, the Sun rose. -oOo- She laughed inwardly. It was worth the living branch. The dark creatures ran away, and she knew they would not return. Just for a few moments she laughed. She could feel the little flame of life flickering; the heartbeat that echoed in her wood was quick and shallow. Blood and sap. She could feel the blood soaking through her bark. Drop by drop flowing down, to the soil, to the roots… She drank it, the heavy, coppery taste. She drank the strength from it, and it mixed with her own, with the strength and wisdom of centuries, with the steadiness of the roots and freshness of the leaves. From the roots she drove the strength, from the mighty trunk, and towering branches, from the green leaves. It was the strength of life, the golden fire that does not devour. With that strength she embraced the dwindling flame, steadying, rekindling it. The Sun rose in the sky, and flowers in the glade opened and turned their heads towards the golden rays. To her, though, hours had no meaning. She was patient, timeless. The little flame burned stronger, then dwindled again. She was patient. Finally, with the Sun nearing her zenith, the flame stirred, and rose higher. -oOo- Where…? Fire was burning in his shoulder, sending hot tendrils of agony through his body. He wanted to scream in pain, but just a moan brushed past his lips. Why there was the taste of tree sap in his mouth, he did not know, nor care. There was a spear sticking from his shoulder – that captured all his attention after he managed to focus his eyes. What….? He shifted only slightly, not even consciously. Wha..! The pain made his fists clench in agony, his head hitting the hard wood. His mouth opened in a soundless scream, the pain too great to be even voiced. It took ages for it to abate, to allow him to see anything besides the dark-red mist and hear something else than the pounding of his heart. A trickle of cold sweat ran down his temple. His breath was coming in short gasps. The shaft of the spear was red with his blood. As from a great distance he could hear the rumbling of a creek and whispering of leaves. The sound of water was tantalizing, mocking his thirst. But the other sound – the leaves in the breeze – was strangely soothing, like a cool hand brushing his brow. What happened? The… spear… orcs… He gritted his teeth, and raised his eyes. There was no living Orc in the glade. It was peaceful, like a sanctuary. Two thick branches lay on the ground, and it seemed to him he could discern a dead Orc under one of them. The orcs… spear… and tree… The tree, the biggest tree he had ever seen. He could not see it now, could not turn his head, but he could feel its presence. It was a gentle, magnificent spirit. With effort he unclenched his fists, and moved his fingers slightly, careful to not irritate his wound again. He could feel the texture of bark, warm from the sun. He could feel something – like a golden light – filling the mighty trunk, penetrating his body and soothing the pain. He moaned quietly, and closed his eyes. The darkness had a tint of gold, and he embraced it with relief. -oOo- She stood watch over him, a silent sentry while the world around was busy with flowering and gathering the sweet nectar, for it was late spring. She shielded him from the sun, the canopy of her leaves giving a cool green shade. She soothed his pain, humming her own melody, the melody of wood and roots and leaves. When the sun set in the sky, she preserved the warmth in her bark, for the