Title : Unexpected Gifts Author : AshLight Summary : Pippin is impossible; and gains a present as reward. Category : General/Humor Rating : PG Yule, 3015 Pippin is 25, Diamond is 20, Merry is 33, Sam is 35 and Frodo is 47. This wasn't fair. This was…well, it was damned unfair, that's what it was. It was unfair and harsh and cruel , and didn't anyone else see that this sort of thing shouldn't be allowed to happen to a respectable hobbit? Certainly not the future Thain of the Shire, in any case. This was just bloody insulting, not to mention demeaning, and if Merry thought that if he hadn't seen him smirking as he'd left the smial, he had another think coming! And as for Frodo… Pippin's inner tirade came to a painful halt as a knitting needle jabbed sharply into the small of his back, and he recoiled, yowling with pain. "Sit still!" Sweet stars, this was beyond a joke . Gritting his teeth, Pippin raised his eyes to the high heavens, or at least to the roof of Bag End, as if asking it what he'd done to deserve such a fate. The ceiling remained stonily silent. Really, why couldn't Bilbo have left Sting at Bag End? Jolly good tool for seeing off the Sackville-Baggins', and besides, it was the perfect shape for running through infuriating hobbit lasses with… Another knitting needle, this time further down. Pippin let out another yowl and thanked his lucky stars that he'd been standing with his back to the knitter. Drastic measures had to be taken. "Diamond," Pippin stated matter-of-factly, "You can't knit." The young lass looked up from the mess of knitting needles, wool, and one small, coal-black cat, now contentedly batting the remaining ball around with one paw, the other one being caught up in Diamond's knitting wool. The hobbitess had a rather dark scowl on her face, and her eyes glinted in a way that suggested that, should the Took decide to comment on her lack of skill in the area of knitting, he would be in Big Trouble. "You can't knit," Pippin carried on recklessly, "You can't sew, you can't crochet, you can't knit, and apparently you can't control that kitten of yours." Diamond let out an angry little yelp, picking up the kitten gently and placing it on the end of the chair arm, where it sat down and began to wash itself, "I can knit quite well, thank you very much, Pippin," She snapped haughtily. "Really?" The young hobbit muttered, squirming from where he stood. A half finished jumper was hanging from his slim frame, dark russet in colour and incredibly bulky. Even Pippin had to agree, it appeared to be a very nice jumper…if he wasn't being forced to model it while Diamond was still knitting it . "I'm pretty sure you're not supposed to have someone wearing this while you're knitting it, Diamond." "Hush up." Diamond retorted tartly, tugging ineffectually at a stray strand of wool. "It's the only way I can keep the shape." Pippin winced. Why had he insisted upon visiting Frodo in time for Yule? And why had he insisted that he and Merry should ride ahead of Uncle Saradoc in order to surprise their cousin? And why, why had he burst into the study just time to find a newly-arrived Diamond, knitting needles and all, struggling with her latest attempt at creating home-made Yule presents? This was all just a conspiracy. He realised that now. His dear and darling cousins were sneaky, sly, evil little… orcs! He should have guessed when Merry backed out through the door with that oh-so-sweet smile on his face that he was up to no good. But this…modelling for a lass…this was just… cruel . "I was thinking of knitting Frodo a jumper," Diamond explained gravely, winding a strand of wool around her little finger thoughtfully, "You know Sam's always fussing about him catching cold, and he is right, Frodo could very well get deathly ill, you know how he is about going for long walks without wrapping up properly, and that last time he was so terribly sick, and of course poor Sam was beside himself with worry, after telling Frodo to wrap up warm, and really , what your cousin was thinking, going out in that weather without a jacket, honestly …" Pippin hurriedly clapped his hand over Diamond's mouth, "Diamond," He said sternly, "you worry more than Sam." The glare from Diamond's dark eyes told Pippin quite clearly that, if it was a choice between Sam's worrying and his own careless attitude, she would side with Sam every time. "I don't care what you think," Pippin snapped, still firmly clasping one hand around Diamond's mouth, "Between Sam acting like an ever-worrying mother hen, and you fretting fit to burst whenever you visit our cousin and panicking yourself into near hysterics if Frodo stays out on one of those long hiking trips a day too late, it's a wonder my dear cousin gets any rest in Bag End." Diamond glowered at him and, unable to express her irritation at Pippin verbally, stuck her tongue out, causing Pippin to yelp and wipe his hand hurriedly on the knees of his breeches. "Well," Diamond said smugly, "I will show you, Peregrin Took, that not only can I knit, I can make the nicest present that Frodo will receive this year. A nice warm jumper, that he can wear all the time and not never get cold." Pippin raised his eyes to the high heavens, "Diamond of Long Cleeve, you are a Took…" "If only distantly, by marriage," Diamond interjected. "If only by marriage," Pippin repeated, silently thankful that they were not closely related. He did not want to think of himself sharing some of Diamond's less desirable traits. "And because you are a distant Took, you are stubborn, and I admire your stubbornness. It's a good trait in a Took, if I do say so myself. And I will admit that you are a great many things, some of them good, and some of them bad, and from the talk of the lads down at the Green Dragon , you can be a good many things when I am not there to keep an eye on you –" "Hoy!" Diamond exclaimed, her face turning a bright crimson shade. Another knitting needle jabbed down sharply into the tender spot behind Pippin's knee. "And all in all, you are a good many things, but one of the things you are not , Diamond dearest," Pippin winked, "is a knitter." Diamond bristled dangerously, "Well, I'll show you," She snapped, snatching up the bundle of wool from her lap and leaping to her feet, "I'll make the best Yule present for Frodo you've ever seen! And I will succeed in knitting, let me tell you that, Peregrin Took!" The lass stormed past him, her eyes smouldering darkly with irritation. She managed to make it past the door before whirling back and poking Pippin squarely in the chest, "And if you want to live through your tweens, don't ever call me dearest again." Pippin waited until she was down the hall before shouting, "Anything you say, dearest!" The angry yell and the slam of a door gave Pippin all the satisfaction he needed. oooooooo "Ninnyhammer! Noodle! Oh, whatever new name my old Gaffer comes up for me, I'll deserve it!" Sam kept berating himself in this fashion all the way up to Bag End. It had been quite a good day until this evening. He had managed to stay out of the way of Masters Merry and Pippin for most of the day (really, they were dear lads, but the mess they had gotten themselves into on their last visit had almost been painful to watch; and as for that mess they'd made of the kitchen…well, what with the honey and the caramel, it had taken a day simply to unstick them), the potted plants had all been safely sheltered, and at the end of the day, Mister Frodo had confided in him about the upcoming Yule Dance at the Green Dragon , where it was well known that any well-bred hobbit lass would be keeping at least one eye on the young Master of Bag End. "I don't mean to be any bother, Sam," Frodo had whispered, his face washed out, and his eyes widened slightly. If Sam hadn't known his Master better, he would have thought Frodo was joking, "but to be perfectly honest with you, I'm terrified at the merest thought of that blasted dance! And I just know that my cousins are going to try and 'set me up' with any number of lasses. It was a sort of tradition in Brandy Hall, and I'm afraid the tradition's stuck." There was a definite flicker of fear in Mister Frodo's eye. Sam had gifted himself with a small sigh of relief that his brothers were no longer interested in such highjinks. Sam had flushed with buoyant pride at the thought that the Master had considered him a worthy confidant for his trouble, and had suggested a number of little bolt-holes in the Dragon that he could shelter in. "And if worst comes to worst, Master," Sam had replied, "you can always ask one of my sisters to dance. They're a good deal easier to dance with that some lasses, and our Daisy's married, May's engaged to some lad at Bywater, and we all know that our Marigold's keen on Tom Cotton. So you're safe there." Yes, until tonight, when he had just been rolling over in his sleep and woken up, things had gone brilliantly. Until, ninnyhammer that he was, he remembered about fast-approaching night and the frost that it would bring, along with the chrysanthemums that were not yet sheltered from the cold. "If the Gaffer looks into Bag End's garden tomorrow and sees all those lovely flowers frozen up and dead, he'll flay me alive!" Sam hissed, reaching into his pocket with numbed fingers and taking out the spare key, letting himself silently into Bag End through the kitchen door, "And what Mister Frodo will do if he finds me poking about in the middle of the night, I really don't know. I know Master Merry and Master Pippin will never let me forget it." Shaking his head, he slid the door shut behind him, "Now, I know there's an old cheesecloth around here somewhere I can use to cover 'em up…" He turned back and walked three paces through the kitchen before…. "AAAAH!" "ARGH!!" With shaking fingers, Sam struck a match and lit the lantern he had taken with him, holding it up and taking a good look at the stranger in the dark. "Miss Diamond? What are you doing in here, in the middle of the night?" Diamond looked up from her knitting needles, shielding her eyes from the dim light. Her eyes were half-open, with dark shadows under them, and her hair was straggling down in front of her face. "I'm knitting – can't you see, Sam?" He could – very clearly. He could also see the time on the small clock-face hanging above the mantelpiece. For a moment the urge to back out of the kitchen and leave whatever madness the young North-Took had evidently caught was overwhelming, and then, very warily, he placed the lantern on the table and sat down opposite the lass, "Are you now? And why's that?" "Because if I let that blasted Pippin get the better of me I'll push him into Bywater Pond!" Ah. He was wondering how long it would be before one of the young masters' names was mentioned. Sam could feel the beginnings of another one of his Took-induced headaches beginning to pound behind his eyes. And the week had seemed so nice and peaceful up until now… "What in the name of the Eldar is going on?" Frodo's ragged voice