Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings . I just adore the book, the film and each and every member of the Fellowship, and a few other characters besides. A/N: Good day, peoples. This story was created yesterday, in the confines of my own head, while I was stuck inside a traffic-jam for three hours. That would explain all the illness and terror and general hobbit-angst put in here. Actually, I'd probably have put hobbit-angst in anyway. Everyone loves downcast hobbits who need lots of hugs. Don't they? Anyway, enjoy, read, and review. And send hugs for the poor people in this fic. Enjoy! -0000- "You did , Merry!" "I most certainly did not !" "There's no point in lying to me, Mer, I'm your cousin. I can tell when you're lying, and this time you are . You most certainly did !" "Peregrin Took, while the idea may have occurred to you , several times, if the tales are to be believed…" " Hoy !" " I would certainly have nothing to do with those kinds of antics." "Rubbish!" Pippin stamped his foot out of impatience, "I saw you Merry, don't you deny it! Frodo was there, weren't you Fro? Frodo? Frodo !" Boromir looked up from the campfire, where he had unsuccessfully been trying to prompt a spark to come from the damp wood. He scowled, and threw down the tinderbox Gimli had given him, "I cannot believe the fortitude, not to mention the sheer stamina of these hobbits," He murmured, "Can it really be possible that they have been talking about the same subject for two hours ?" Frodo smiled, looking softly at his two cousins, now facing each other almost nose-to-nose (Pippin had to stand on his toes in order to achieve this) bristling with, if not anger, sheer irritation, "Aye, well," He said gently, "The subject concerns a young, if not extremely fair, young lass from Buckland for whom Merry has long nursed a fondness for. But I'm sure nothing, ah, untoward has come about." Sam looked up from preparing lunch and let out a barely-suppressed 'humph', which led Boromir to believe that, if he asked the gardener, he could tell more tales about Master Meriadoc and this fair lass than the warrior could ask for. From the beginning of the Quest, Boromir had held the suspicion that Samwise knew more about every affair and doing in the Shire than he let on, and while Frodo, Merry and Pippin talked about the goings-on with great gusto, Sam kept his mouth shut, saving the information for when the time was right. Boromir raised an eyebrow at Sam, and was rewarded with a small smile. The hobbit shook his head at the two cousins, and returned to skinning the rabbits Legolas had caught, coughing slightly. Turning his attention back to the two youngest hobbits, Boromir saw that Pippin was now smirking triumphantly at his cousin, whereas Merry was rapidly colouring a bright red. Obviously new evidence, supplied by the ever-persistent Pippin, had come to light. "And if that is not enough proof for you," Pippin carried on, "then, what , one might ask, was Odo Bolger doing, chasing you down the East Road for a fair three miles, carrying a pitchfork and growling something about ending the line of Masters of Buckland?" Boromir heard a small laugh from beside him and looked around to see the Ringbearer, shoulders shaking, "Oh lawks," Frodo gasped, trying not to laugh, "but I had forgotten about that. And now I shall never forget it until the day I die. Odo Bolger sprinting down the East Road, swinging that pitchfork as if it was a spear, and poor old Merry right in front of him, running pell-mell as if all the forces of Mordor were upon him – oh dear, oh dear!" And with that Frodo collapsed into peal after peal of joyous laughter that set echoes ringing all about them. Pippin tossed his head confidently, staring his cousin straight in the eye, daring him to deny it. Merry folded his arms and glowered back at him, calculating brown eyes searching Pippin's face, before turning on his heel and storming off, defeated, to sit next to Sam. Pippin let out a triumphant crow, gleeful at getting the better of the older hobbit for once, "I told you! I told you I was right, didn't I Frodo? Didn't I Gandalf – I told you I was right!" Gandalf nodded distractedly, busy staring into the distance and planning their next move, "Yes, Peregrin," He muttered, "You were right, as you usually claim to be." Pippin ignored the jibe, and stuck his hands into his pockets, wandering up to Gandalf, "You remember Estella Bolger, don't you Gandalf? Or Miss Bolger, as Frodo says we should call her now. You must have seen her at Bilbo's last birthday party, at least. She's the rather pretty lass with a sharp tongue that Merry keeps staring like a lost puppy at – ow !" The wizard turned his eye to Pippin, who was rubbing the back of his head from where a rock had struck him squarely, "Yes, Peregrin. I remember," he said loudly, before adding, in a more quiet and urgent voice, "Will one of you kindly remove this hobbit to where he will no longer be a nuisance?" Aragorn, who had by now become accustomed to Pippin's mood and had no wish to deal with the youngest hobbit, smiled wryly and puffed his pipe, eager to see who would be brave enough to 'remove' Pippin. Legolas immediately began to restring his bow, keeping one eye on the man and the dwarf. Gimli shook his head, wondering why Gandalf was even bothering to ask them. Boromir hurriedly began poking the fire again. Sam looked from Pippin to Merry again. Pippin was grinning broadly at his cousin, bouncing on the balls of his feet and obviously barely containing himself from chanting 'I was right'. Merry was looking positively down-trodden. Sighing, the gardener put down the coneys he had been preparing and cleared his throat, coughing furiously a few times before he was able to speak. "Pardon me, Master Pippin," Sam called, his voice slightly weaker than usual, "But do you really think it's fittin' for you to be teasin' your cousin 'bout Miss Bolger, specially after all that time you spent with young Miss Diamond at the Midsummer Fair last year?" Sam's efforts were not unrewarded. Pippin stopped in mid-bounce and landed awkwardly on the rocks below him, too stunned to even cry out in pain. His cocky smile had melted away as if Sam had simply scrubbed it off, becoming replaced with a nervous, guilty look that reminded Boromir of a rat in a trap. Eyes darting from Sam to Frodo, who was peering around Boromir's side to study his cousin carefully, Pippin took a step back, attempting to judge just how much trouble he was in. "Now then, Sam," Pippin stammered, shifting from one foot to the other, "you really should know that there is no harm in spending time with a lass, especially when you happen to be good friends with her." "Aye," Sam nodded, ducking his head to hide the slight smile on his face. Oh, it was a treat to watch the young Took squirm, Boromir thought, surveying Pippin with interest, "but there is a bit more harm with it when the young lass is without a chaperone, as you were just sayin' to Mister Merry there, sir." Boromir turned his head to the aforementioned Merry, whose dismayed countenance had vanished, a gleeful smile in its place. In a second, Boromir saw Sam's plan. 'Oh, well done, Master Samwise,' he thought, 'well done indeed.' The young Took scrambled up onto on of the rocks behind him, his face becoming a rather pale shade of green. Frodo leant forward, a rather mischievous smile, that Boromir had never seen before, on his face, "Yes, Peregrin," He said, "Sam is quite right. And what is even more terrible is that the lass in question has not yet come of age, which makes the whole situation quite worse." Pippin spluttered and actually fell off his perch, gasping for breath, "Fr…Frodo!" He yelped, still coughing and struggling for air, "You….you d…don't think I….I actually…well…I…Frodo!" "Oh, well," Merry put in, "You two were missing and unaccounted for for about three or four hours after the festivities were finished," Pippin's head whirled around to face Merry, utter horror etched over his face, "And no chaperone, mark you. Now that's the sort of thing that spreads rumours all about the Shire. It's certainly reached Buckland – I suppose it's the talk of Hobbiton by now, Sam?" Sam nodded, an innocent smile on his face as Pippin's jaw started to go slack, "Aye, Mister Merry, that it is. It's sure to have reached young Diamond's father by now." "And I understand he's a farmer," Frodo murmured thoughtfully, adding the final touch, "Now he'll be a one with a large collection of pitchforks – not to mention scythes." Pippin's eyes had grown as large as coins. As they looked guiltily from Frodo, to Merry, to Sam, Boromir finally cracked and burst into peals of laughter, arms locked around his belly for fear of letting the mirth explode from within him. First Merry, then Frodo followed, loud, joyful giggles that rang merrily about the valley. Sam valiantly managed to refrain from laughing out loud, but a broad smile donned his face, and as Boromir looked up from where he had collapsed on the ground, the smile twitched from time to time as the rabbit stew was prepared. Pippin looked about helplessly at the rest of the Fellowship, who by now had either succumbed to their mirth and were laughing gleefully, or were still fighting the urge to smile. His eyes, now a mixture of fear, guilt, anger and utter confusion, scanned the landscape until they finally came to rest on his three fellow hobbits. " Frodo !" He wailed, "That isn't fair! I'd never do anything to sully Di's reputation, you know that!" "Oh, Pip!" Frodo sighed, pulling himself up, "We know you wouldn't do anything indecent where Diamond is concerned. Everyone knows that…but it still is rather interesting gossip. I don't want to know what went on between the two of you after the Fair – and believe me, the last thing I want is to find out – but I assure you, you have done nothing to harm Diamond's reputation." "Aye!" Merry gasped from where he had keeled over next to Boromir, "If anything, she has sullied yours!" This was all he managed to push out before bursting out laughing again, collapsing face first onto the grass and twitching weakly. Pippin pulled himself up, fuming slightly, "What is that meant to mean?" "Nothing!" Still spluttering with laughter, Merry managed to prop his head up on his hands to stare up at his cousin, "Listen, Pip – I am very fond of Diamond; she's one of the dearest, sweetest lasses I know – if not a little….er…. coy . Flirtatious , maybe. But you'll have to face it – she's fast growing up, and that little tweenager who used to wear two little braids and scrape her knees is getting quite a bit of attention other than your own." Pippin scowled for a minute, torn between smiling in relief and kicking Merry in the face, "I'm not showing any attention towards her," He finally mumbled. "Oh, Pippin !" Merry burst out, "You're amongst friends. There's no need to protest so. I saw the way your jaw dropped a good three inches when our little Tookish lass arrived at Frodo's last birthday party. But that really is nothing to be ashamed about," The Brandybuck continued as Pippin's face started to turn scarlet, "A fair number of other lads were suddenly staring in her direction as well." Boromir, still weakly shaking with delight,