Love Is the Strongest of All Charlie, The end of the summer was dawning too fast. For something that my entire life had led up to, it was over with quickly. Before I knew it, my story was an old one, and it was fading away with new adventures. The days were starting to get shorter and the clothes longer. School supply lists were being sent out. Everyone was just acting like it had been a normal summer, but it hadn't . This summer had changed my life. I didn't have a prophecy looming over my head. My brother was dating the girl he had been in love with for as long as I could remember. I had been betrayed by Chester Raven, and I had accidentally killed him after he tried to sacrifice me to his mother, the woman in stone who had been trying to kill me for as long as I could remember. And I had met Aiden Cinna. Maybe it sounds odd that I would put meeting a guy in the same ranking as Chester Raven being a traitor who tried to kill me, but you don't know Aiden Cinna. Aiden Cinna had become my best friend in the few months we had known each other. He was two years older than me and a Roman general, but, despite our differences, we just seemed to bond together. It was something like my mother had described years ago. My father was the complete opposite of her, a complete Seaweed Brain, but, during that summer where they met, they just clicked. I didn't necessarily like the idea that my parents relationship was similar to the one I was going through right now though. I was the baby that no one had ever thought would be born. I was the daughter to Annabeth and Percy Jackson. It wasn't just that they were doomed to have most likely died when they were young. They survived that, and they were riding off into their happily ever after when something life changing happened. When my parents were twenty three, they had a fight, and my mom moved out for a month. Depressed and sad, my dad was taken out by Uncle Grover to get over it, and he ran into JoJo, his old college friend who had always been in love with him. They got drunk, and, nine months later, my big brother, Noah, was born. I adored Noah, loved him to death. He was my brother, and that was it. My mom was his mom. He didn't even see JoJo as his mom after my parents got back together when he was four. They got engaged, married, and then I came along that May. My family was odd, and it was very hard to explain it to everyone. The fact that Noah was my half-brother but that he saw my mother as his mom wasn't too hard. I lived in New York City after all. There was so much weirder everywhere else. It was the fact that Kate, Uncle Malcolm's daughter and my cousin, who had been featured in all of the reports over our family as a cousin just like a sister to Noah, was now his girlfriend. I couldn't say that "god blood" didn't really count to us, and the magazines just didn't try to mess with it. It was much easier for them to put in pictures of my famous soccer-star brother and his beautiful girlfriend, talking about how they had been friends their entire lives, and for teen girls all over the world to wish they were Kate. After all, Noah and Kate were absolutely perfect. They had always loved each other, though it had been in a sibling way. Noah took Kate to the middle of nowhere and taught her how to drive because she got nervous with other cars all around her like in New York. Kate went to every single one of his soccer games, even rushing to pull on a tee shirt and shorts over her swim suit after a meet so that she could at least make part of his game. When my brother moved out and Kate realized she loved him, she tried to cut him out of her life so she could move on. It did just the opposite. During my quest, Kate got hurt, and, thinking it would be the last thing she would ever do, she confessed her love for Noah. She survived, and he hasn't stopped grinning since. Everyone loved what we had gotten out of the quest. My cousin and Kate's brother, Sam, was ripped away from his playboy ways. After years and years of being a self-proclaimed "player", he met Aiden's sister, Swift. She was in the Roman military, was tough as nails, and loved him with all of her heart. And Sam was utterly head over heels. I got my safety and my feeling of security back, no matter the scars and trust issues I would hold with me for the rest of my life. And I also got Aiden. He was everyone's dream. Girls all over the world wanted an Aiden. A gorgeous, mysterious solider who would protect the people he loved with his life. He had almost lost his life for me… As he sat across from me on the dock, a soda can pressed to his lips, I caught sight of the scar as he stretched out and his shirt rose. It sent chills down my spine as I remembered sitting by his bedside after he got hurt. The feeling of dread and guilt suddenly consumed me as I thought about those hours that had ticked away as I prayed and prayed he would just open his eyes. "You're staring," his voice was soft, a sympathetic smile on his lips as he tugged his shirt back down. "Why are you never mad at me? I gave you that scar," I motioned towards him, and he shook his head. I said it in a casual way, maybe even teasing. But we both knew it wasn't like that. I was serious. Every time I saw that scar, I was flooded with new guilt. And it was hard to miss. " You didn't. Chester did. And I would do it over again, Charlie," he lifted up his shirt to show the only thing that could truly be considered an imperfection with Aiden. A scar on his torso, not very wide or too large. Raised from his skin. Painful even to look at. It sat on his golden abs as if it was a pen mark on that perfect paper you had just written. I had heard girls talk about it before. Some of them thought it was sexy, just added more. Others claimed that it was the only thing they considered a flaw on him. I wasn't sure why I loved it. If it was the fact that the scar was one of the only reasons I was still alive. If it brought back memories of how he was willing to die for me. Or if it was the only thing that made him less perfect, more approachable. "Are you really going to leave tomorrow?" I frowned, running my hands over the uneven dock. Aiden laughed, shaking his head. "I have a job ." "Quit," I pouted. "I can't, Kiddo. I'm in the military. I'm on my way to being Praetor. And I have two more years. I can't just quit," he nudged me with his foot. The fact that Aiden had taken the entire summer off to stay at Camp Half-Blood with me was big , and I knew I couldn't really get any more out of him. It would be too far for that workaholic. "What time do you leave again?" I asked, taking a sip of our contraband Coke. It had been a farewell gift from a daughter of Hermes. Her idea was that she and Aiden would go sit on the docks or some hidden spot that Aiden may have found, and they would talk as they enjoyed the pack of Coca Cola. By the end of the night, either Aiden will have kissed her, or he would be in love with her and would carry on a relationship with her until he could tell her how he felt the next summer. Instead, she got a thanks, smile, and very short hug from him before he walked back to his cabin. Now, he was sharing it with me. Aiden didn't notice it like I did. Then again, I was slightly jealous of all of these girls that were after him. Yes, I was always the one that he ended up hanging out with when all of the other girls fought for his attention, but it made me wonder about what it would be like when I couldn't be right there with him. If Greek girls loved him like this, I knew that Roman girls must love him even more. With me on the other side of the country, I worried about the time when he couldn't claim plans with me when a girl tried to ask him out. I was already preparing myself for the iris message where Aiden would tell me all about her, whoever her was. Just the thought was making me jealous, something that was sadly no longer uncommon. I used to never get jealous, but sometimes I just couldn't help it. Especially when it came to Aiden. "Five am," he said, his voice calm and placid. As he always did when it was a serious subject, his word seemed careful, spoken in an emotionless monotone. His eyes showed nothing more than he wished them to convey, and his body language seemed almost obsolete. He was sitting across from me on the dock, holding a can, and not doing much of anything. "That's early," I tried to recreate what he was doing. My eyes tried to cloud the emotion behind them. My voice tried to even itself. My body language tried to show nothing. But Aiden was much better than me at it. "It was either leave tonight or early tomorrow," he cracked a smile. "Fine, fine," I rolled my eyes, and I glanced up at the sky. It was night now. How did that happen? If I closed my eyes, it felt like I was back at breakfast this morning. Tired from getting up early to enjoy the entire day with Aiden. I expected to open my eyes and be taking a sip of my soda for caffeine. Or maybe it would be later in the day when he was helping her with archery. Or the arena when he was working her hard. Maybe the lake when they went swimming. Anything but now. Anytime but hours before he was supposed to leave. "I should probably go to bed, you know," Aiden said awkwardly, running the now empty can through his hands as if he was trying to find a secret to it. "Yeah," my voice was absent, staring at the stars. Aiden looked away, biting his lip, and we stayed like that for a little while before Aiden stood, towering over me. With the moon behind him, it almost looked like a halo. "You said you wanted me to take you flying sometime, right?" he said anxiously, and I sat up, slowly standing. "Yeah…" I looked at him a little warily. "Now is sometime." And, just like that, the golden glow of the tattoo on wings on his neck sprouted out to be real wings. They were small, growing at a faster pace than ever before. When they reached the right size, the pristine, snow white wings flapped once. Aiden's lips formed a smirk. "Wanna come?" he held out his hand, and I smiled as I took it. In one swift move, both of his arms wrapped around me, pulling me close, and he said softly into my ear, "Hold on tight." Then we were off.