Walkers With the Dawn 1. Nox [Nocks] Turns off the light produced by Lumos. H ermione Gr anger Of all the things I expected in my final year of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, this was not one of them. I grit my teeth as, with a flick of my wand, clothes begin to fly from the trunk and fold themselves neatly into the chests at the end of the bed. I am painfully aware that he is doing the same a mere door away. Honestly, I should have expected something like this to happen, what with the way my luck has been going lately. First, I find out that Neville Longbottom, the Boy-Who-Lived and the object of an enduring crush that I cannot seem to rid myself of, is in love with Ginny Weasley, the sister of my other best friend, Ron Weasley. What's worse is the way I found out; stumbling upon the pair of them snogging like the morrow would not come in a compartment on the Hogwarts Express. It was absolutely horrid ; witnessing their embrace and watching them hastily pull away from one another. Seeing the bare trace of Ginny's lipstick on Neville's mouth and the happiness and slight gleam of triumph in Ginny's eyes felt like being hit with a particularly nasty curse. My heart made an extremely painful and speedy descent to my belly. I'm pretty sure it's still on the train, so quickly did it drop. Then, I discover that Draco Malfoy has not been expelled for his horrible deeds of last year and is free to the roam the castle as though he hadn't led Neville into a trap that had almost gotten him— and me —killed. Then, to top off an already horrible day, I discover that Harry Potter has been named Head Boy! I honestly don't understand. How, exactly, does Hogwarts justify making someone like Harry Potter Head Boy? Isn't the Head Boy and Head Girl chosen based on academic achievement, one's reputation as a student, and the possession of a sound personality? There must be another criteria for selection because Potter's ranking in all such categories are abysmal . In all my life, I've striven to give everyone I've ever met a chance. Knowing that, I can honestly say that Harry James Potter is the bane of my existence. He is a Slytherin, one of its rulers, and a walking stereotype of everything one has come to expect from that House. Our 'relationship' started the first time I stepped into Diagon Alley, my very first foray into the Wizarding World. I can still remember how I felt when I beheld that magical place for the first time. I was filled with so much wonder and excitement that I could've exploded. I can still see the sea of wizards and witches bustling in cloaks of every color. I can still smell the mouth watering aroma of fresh food wafting from the shops. I can still hear the screech of animals I had only seen in books add their voices to the clutter and liveliness that was Diagon Alley. I was so eager, happy and exhilarated to enter this strange world of which I was now apart. It's hard to convey how thrilling it was to learn that I was a witch, that I had the power to use magic. It seemed like a whole new world had opened up to me, one that I could never have dreamt of. Suddenly the possibilities were endless . But everything changed when I ran into one Hadrian James Potter at Ollivander's. It was my introduction to the dark and not-so-hidden side of my new world. It was a mere glimpse into the horrifying prejudices of the world to which I now belonged. Ollivander's was wondrous to me. Upon entering, I stood and gawked at the incredible surreality of it all. It looked like a trainer's shop, which was amusing in and of itself. Of all the things I expected, seeing wands tucked into cylindrical cardboard boxes was not it. But it didn't stop my amazement. Finally, I was going to get a wand! I read about them; they were the conductors through which wizards and witches used their magic. The acquisition of a wand would mark my official entrance into the wizarding world and I could not be more excited. If only my parents weren't delaying Ollivander! In truth, I was more than a little impatient. My parents were merrily drilling Ollivander about the sheer mechanics of using a piece of wood to control powerful forces such as magic, which was typical of them and would be quite acceptable if it were not delaying the choosing of my wand! But I could do nothing more than bear it. I knew that we would not be moving forward until my parents were good and satisfied. I am like them in that respect, so I forced myself to remain calm. Once I attained my wand, that would be it. I would never be without it, so I could wait a few moments more. I continued to wander around, soaking in every sight possible until I crossed something. I paused and looked back with wide eyes; had I walked through an invisible barrier? There was a passage about it in the eighth chapter of Hogwarts, A History , but I never thought I'd experience it so soon! Blinking, I forcibly pulled my mind back to the present which was easy when I realized where I was. It was Ollivander's workshop. It was an incredibly massive room, painted blue and bronze with the symbol of a raven in the middle of the wall; the symbol of Ravenclaw House from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, according to what I've read. On the far wall were tables stacked with various different logs of wood, all of which emitted energy . It was a strange and pulsing sensation that fascinated and alarmed me in turn. There were strange ribbons, feathers, and other items that I had no name for floating about, literally floating about everywhere. Yet after a moment's observation, I realized that they weren't just floating, they were surrounded by invisible bubbles of something . Were they being soaked? One section of the room housed what looked to be organs . Some were in jars, some hung from hooks as though being dried. Yet more were locked into glass chests. Even more amazing were the wands sitting on the table in the middle of the room. They were glowing. The strange pulsing coming from the raw wood was nothing like as strong as what was coming from the completed wands. They almost felt alive . More than anything else, it was the heavy presence of magic hanging over the room that awed me more than anything. It was as though events of great magical significance were occurring right in this room. I stood there for a moment, staring, my heart nearly flying at what I was seeing. I wanted, no needed , to know more. In front of me were the pieces to creating wands, I just needed a little more knowledge to thread it together. I absorbed the sight in front of me for a moment longer before leaving. I was pretty sure I wasn't supposed to be in this place and I didn't want to cause trouble for my parents. Besides, I had seen enough to imprint the sight in my mind forever. Returning the way I came, I smiled as I crossed the barrier again. Soon, I returned to the front of the shop and contented myself with exploring there. I was near the wand displays when I saw it. Displayed near a shelf was a book sitting on a pedestal and covered in a thick layer of dust. My interest immediately piqued, I made a beeline for it. Wrinkling my nose at the absolutely abhorrent state that book was in, I delicately wiped the dust off with my hand before opening it gingerly. The Magicke of Wands, it proclaimed proudly on the front page, and I smiled at the luck of it all. Now, I could connect the pieces. As I begin to read, I was disappointed to discover that it was truly the basics in wandmaking. Fortunately, it was still quite informational. The secrets of wandmaking was just that, a secret, and I'd have to take any number of oaths, as well as apprentice under a wandmaker, before discovering all the wonderful knowledge that I was seeking. Drat. That's when he entered. I didn't notice him at first, so absorbed was I with The Magicke of Wands . "Excuse me, do you know where Ollivander is?" Startled by the sudden interrupted, I nearly jumped at the sound of the voice. I turned to see a boy standing there. He was short with black hair and beautiful green eyes. He wore long black robes, and had angular glasses perched on his nose. But what was odd was the lightning shaped scar on his forehead. My eyes narrowed on it for a moment. There weren't many types of scars that remained on a wizard's body, simply because our magic rid us of most of them. The only ones that remained were usually those gotten before our first magical incident. But this scar was clearly different. It was deep and angry looking ... dark magic? Steeling myself not to stare, I smiled at him and shrugged lightly. "He's somewhere around here with my parents. They shan't be too much longer, I hope." His eyes narrowed on me and I was taken aback by the look there. It was sharp and unflinching. "You're Muggleborn," he said slowly, his striking green eyes boring into me as he spoke. It wasn't a question. My eyes widened. "Muggleborn?" I repeated, more than a little unnerved by his behavior. He was so intense. At the time, I remember thinking that I had never met anyone quite as piercing as this boy and it piqued my insatiable curiosity; who was he? He studied me, eyes unblinking. "It means that you have non-magical parents," he answered, eyes running over me briefly. I frowned as he quickly took in my messy hair, dark skin and brand new robes ... and just as quickly dismissed them. "What does that have to do with anything?" I asked cautiously, a sinking feeling in my stomach, like I already knew that I wasn't going to like what he said, "and how in the world were you able to tell that just by looking at me?" "There's a hierarchy here in the wizarding world," he responded, ignoring my question, "and you are at the bottom of it." I frown in confusion and growing upset at his words. What is he on about? He shook his head at my reaction. "I suggest you educate yourself, Muggleborn," he said turning away. "It'll be harder for you if you don't. Better that you know your place now." He looked at me and sniffed. "I think I'll come back later, when it's less crowded." We were the only two people there. He swept out of the door, making nary a sound as he disappeared, uncaring of the wreckage he left in his wake. I was absolutely floored. Had that just happened? Did that really just happen? And a hierarchy? What did that mean? And what did he mean when he said I was at the bottom? I didn't read about any of this in my school books or in Hogwarts, A History. What in the world was he talking about? The next moments passed in a blur. To this day, I scarcely remember receiving my wand, a moment that I had been so passionate about before. All I remember was that suddenly, it was in my hand and I was staring into the smiling faces of my parents and Ollivander. At my insistence, our very next stop was Flourish & Blotts.