He smiled bright as the first rays of sun shone upon his face. Blue eyes sparkled and a soft breeze played with his hair. He stood in the tops of the trees watching the other treetops in the east. The tops of the trees weren't as green as they would be in the spring or summer, but they were taking the beautiful other colors as autumn slowly was setting. He would go and pack soon so he would be on his destination before winter would be there. It would not take him more than a week if he would be traveling with a horse. He climbed down to the lower and bigger branches of the tree and sat down with his back against the tree and with his left leg dangling next to the branch. He could not wait until he would be back, he was longing the whole summer for it already. Tomorrow before the sun would rise again he would leave his home. He drew a deep breath and enjoyed the songs of the trees that him almost made him fall asleep. He loved the trees almost more than his friends did. When he realized the sun was up, he made his way on the ground and rushed his way home. "You're late, Legolas." His father's voice sounded as he made his way to a little hall that they used to eat. "Sorry, adar." Legolas said while he bowed before he took his seat on the other side of the table. They both ate in silence and Thranduil left as soon as he was finished while Legolas just started his breakfast. He shook his head and left his barely touched food. He really hated how his father treated him, maybe the only good thing about this was; he never had known him in another way. Lord Elrond had told him when he just was little elfling about his mother and how wonderful she was. When he grew older, he had told him more things that were not fit for the ears of a little elfling at that time. His father one was a loving man with a big heart and a smile that made others smile. Everything changed when his wife lost her life and his heart grew cold. Himself was too young to remember most of this. Now he was planning to go back to The Last Homely House without his father's approval. He walked up to his room and started to pack his bag. Two blankets and extra sets of clothing went in the bag. With the bag in his hands, he went down to the kitchens that also were something he was forbidden to go as a prince would not belong there because he had servants who did all the necessary down there. He putted five lembas breads besides normal bread and some pieces of fruit in his back. That gave him more than enough for more than a week. He filled three bags with water. He probably would have to refill somewhere in his trip but that would not be his biggest concern. Back in his room, he laid the back on the chair that stood against the wall next to his bow and quiver. He picked his warmest and best cloak out of his closet and laid it on top of his back. He sat himself in the open window with his knees pulled almost to his chest and watched the trees and sky from where he was seated. He loved the Greenwoods because it still was his home and everywhere he looked, there were trees, but he also loved Imladris because his friends were there and everything was so calm and peaceful there. Legolas watched the leaves play in the wind and high up in the sky he could see big birds fly with his bright eyes. There weren't many animals living in these woods after those gigantic spiders but he thought that very slowly the animals were returning here, to make these woods home again like it was before all the stuff and things happen with The One. That danger was luckily gone but there were still other dangers that roomed Middle-Earth. He let his mind run all his thoughts and wondering and slowly a few hours ticked away. Would he miss me when I would be away without saying anything? How long would it take him to notice I'm gone? He wondered. Would he care enough to come looking for me when he discovers? Would he be mad when he discovers? Of course he would be mad when he discovers, He is always mad or sarcastic. I've never seen any worry on his face. Would everything be true Lord Elrond told me, because I cannot imagine my adar as a warm and loving person. I could not imagine Elrond was lying to me, he would never do that, he is way too good and nice for that. It was around noon that Legolas got up from his place and headed for a walk around the corridors from his home. Someday he would be king too, but he was going to be a good king, so he would be loved by the elves that lived in his lands. Legolas had some lunch before he continued wandering around. After some time he sat down outside on a stone bench. In his mind, he said goodbye to almost everything because he had not planned to return anytime soon when he left. When it was almost dinnertime, he went inside and walked to the little hall where they usually ate and took his place at the table. Now he was early. After some time his father took also place at the table and they served dinner. They ate in silence and when they were finished they both greeted each other with a 'good night' before they both headed to their own quarters. Legolas bathed himself and went to bed when he was finished. He had to rise early so it was better if he had rested well. The last stars of the night still stood proud on the night sky when he awoke. He dressed himself and swung his bag and quiver around his shoulder and attached a dagger to his belt. He tied the cloak around his neck and picked up his bow before he made his way down the stables. He whispered every single horse a goodbye before he picked his favorite horse Arod and gently sat on his back when they were outside. When they were out of sight of the palace, Legolas urged Arod in gallop. Slowly the dark colored sky turned lighter and when the sun stood high in a blue sky Legolas halted for a break. Legolas fetched an apple from his bag and when he was finished, he took a few sips of the bag with water before he continued traveling. When he halted the next time the sun was already setting. He ate a piece of bread and got one of his blankets out of his bag. He spread one on the ground between the roots of a gigantic tree. He laid his bag upon the blanket and lay down next to it. It took just a few little moments before he went in his elvish sleep; arms crossed over his chest and eyes open staring at the leaves of the tree and the rising stars of the night. The last stars of the night were still to be seen when Legolas awoke. He ate a piece of fruit and piece of bread before he got on the horse again. When it was almost noon, Legolas stopped riding and climbed a tree to see where he was. There blew a cold wind from North-West. Winter would be there sooner than normal, hopeful there was no snow in the clouds he could see far above the mountains. He had already traveled some miles over the elf-path and if he would ride like this, it maybe would just take him a long ten days for him to reach Imladris. He drew some deep breaths and climbed down again and after a few sips of water, he rode further. It was still a half-day riding when Legolas stopped again. The rest of the other nine days went as he had planned them. However, in the middle of the night Legolas awoke from strange sounds surrounding him. With his elfeyes he could see dark creatures but more he couldn't see because it was really dark. The moon hid behind the thick clouds that hung above him. Legolas defended himself as best as he could. He killed a few creatures before one of those creatures bit him in his left arm that forced him to flee. He climbed in the tree he had slept beneath earlier that night. He had to bite his lip and he ripped a piece of his robes and wrapped the cloth around his arm. Soon it was drenched from his blood. It felt like ages but finally dawn came. Legolas looked at the place where he had fought. It looked like wolves he had fought but there was something strange about them. There never have been wolves at this area. Their fur was totally black, that's why they were so hard to see. Their fangs were even bigger than the fangs of the wolves the orcs had at that time. He looked around and none of the wolves that were alive seemed to have stayed. His horse was not to be seen anywhere too. It probably had fled when it had smelled the danger. He carefully took the cloth of his arm and trough the dry blood there were two big holes in his arms. He climbed out of the tree and looked for his bag. He found it a few feet away but not much had survived the wolves. He picked up the filthy blanket that still was on the ground. With his bow and quiver on his back and the ruined bag and blanket, he started walking. Two day later Legolas was exhausted but he finally had reached The Last Homely House. Elladan and Elrohir greeted his friend with a good hug when they had seen their friend. "Legolas! What a pleasant surprise!" One of the two exclaimed. Legolas smiled and started walking inside. It would not take long for Lord Elrond to notice something would be wrong, he always seems to know, even if I would do my best to hide it. He thought. He hated the fussing around him, all the worrying. While he had walked, he had covered up his arm with strips of his blanket. "Legolas?" A male voice sounded behind them. "Hir Elrond!" Legolas said and putted up his brightest smile. "Why haven't you sent something you were coming?" "I wanted to surprise you." He answered, not sure if he could tell the whole story on this moment. "Tell me, how was your trip?" He asked while he laid his hand on Legolas shoulder. They walked together to Lord Elrond's workroom where they both sat down. "I traveled pretty fast. It was not too bad." Legolas said. "That is good to hear, but you look tired." "I tried to get here as fast as possible. I haven't slept much while traveling." Legolas said as excuse. Elrond was still scanning him on things that were not right. "You know where your own room is. I'll send someone when it is dinnertime." Lord Elrond said with a little nod. "Hannon-le." Legolas said and he made a little bow before he left the room and headed for his own room. I'm sure he had found something he is going to ask me about after dinner or with some luck next morning. Legolas thought while he laid down on his bed and fell asleep. When Legolas awoke, he saw the pretty face of Arwen who was sitting at the side of his bed.