Werewolf. The word brought with it a stigma that made anyone within hearing distance recoil and look at him with fear. People would observe at his tiny, eleven year old form and see a monster. Only recently had Remus Lupin realised just how hated he was within the Wizarding World. For as long as he could remember he had been suffering from an illness that once a month culminated in him being locked in a room for his own safety then emerging the next morning, usually weak and exhausted, often injured, but always, without fail, with no memory of the night that had just passed. He'd always linked the moon to these bouts of "ill health" and would often dissolve into tears in his parent's arms as the full moon approached, well aware of the fact that there was nothing he or they could do to stop the inevitable. Only when he was nine did he learn the truth of his affliction. After a particularly bad night he'd woken up in an uncomfortable bed in Saint Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries to discover a Healer discussing him quietly with his parents, unaware that he was conscious and listening to every word they said. That was when he'd heard it: "Werewolf." In the years that followed, Remus Lupin grew up very quickly and resigned himself to the fact that he'd never have any real friends, would never have a real job, and would never go to school. So how exactly he found himself where he was at ten to eleven on the 1st September, he wasn't quite sure. He was sat next to the window, alone in a chilly compartment of the Hogwarts Express with his legs crossed, despite his father always telling him not to put his feet on the furniture. Remus decided this didn't count as it was a special occasion and his shoes were clean. He reached into his pocket and took out a letter, crumpled from the many timed he's already done so this morning, just to check – again - that he wasn't dreaming. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr Lupin, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 st September. We await your owl by no later than 31 st July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress There was no mistake; he was going to Hogwarts, the letter and the visit from Professor Dumbledore confirmed as much, but Remus still couldn't bring himself to believe it just yet. Despite his disbelief, his trunk, freshly stamped with R. J. Lupin in gold lettering, sat in the luggage rack above his head and he was wearing the warmest clothes he owned; a thick beige knitted jumper, jeans, and two pairs of socks to fill out the boots that were ever so slightly too big for him – his mother had said he'd grow into them. He had a copy of The Daily Prophet on the seat next to him, ready to be read when the train set off, and his long muggle coat was currently draped over his knees and pulled up to his chin to hide his shaking hands. This was the first time he'd left his parents for any considerable length of time, as he never had any friends to have sleep overs with, and he was, quite frankly, terrified. Remus lent forward to stare out the window. His mother found his gaze immediately and waved. Hope Lupin was a small muggle woman, with bright blonde hair and blue eyes who, where ever she went, was always told she was beautiful. She smiled then turned to Remus' father, who was shaking hands with someone he must know from work, to get his attention. His dad, Lyle Lupin, was much more like him; skinny, pale, with hazel eyes and sandy brown hair that curled slightly. He waved to his son as well and wrapped and arm around his wife. Remus swallowed against the painful lump in his throat and blinked against the tears stinging his eyes as he waved back. "We'll write as often as you want us to!" Remus heard his mother shout over the noise on the platform. Remus only nodded and waved again, before the compartment door sliding open caused him to look away and stare at the new comer standing in the doorway. It was a girl. If Remus had little experience around people his own age he had even less around girls. He shifted nervously as she closed the door behind her and turned to face him. "Do you mind if I sit in here?" she asked. The girl was his age, dressed in muggle clothes like him, and had a huge mane of curly, bright red hair and the greenest eyes he'd ever seen, much more vibrant than his own, muddy green colour. "Not at all," Remus said, trying his best to be polite. The girl smiled graciously and Remus rose to help her put her trunk in the luggage rack. The black kitten she carried in a cage mewed at the girl until she let it out and held it to her. She sat down opposite him, placing the cat in her lap and pulled her legs up to cross them in a mirror image of himself. It was then he realised she was crying. He could feel his heartbeat in his ears from panic. Not only did he not know how to befriend this kindly stranger, this stranger was a girl - and not just a girl, but a crying girl. She could be upset about leaving home, Remus thought, but due to the way she was determinedly not looking out the window and was staring at the floor instead, he decided it wasn't that. "Um…" he began, not quite sure what to say. "Are you okay?" She looked up and quickly wiped away the tears on her face. "I'm fine, thank you." She said, somewhat curtly. But then she cleared her throat and smiled gently, holding out her hand. "Sorry, I didn't even ask you name when I barged in here. I'm Lily." Remus took her hand and shook it, feeling a little like a child trying to act like a grown up, before letting go quickly. "Remus," he said "And, it's fine, no one else was sitting there anyway." Lily laughed at his albeit weak joke and reached into her bag to pull out a book. Remus noticed the title. "Is that Sherlock Holmes?" he questioned, excited to have a topic to talk about. "Yes," said Lily, a little taken aback by his eagerness. " The Sign of Four, do you read Conan Doyle?" "Ah, well… no." Remus said, blushing slightly. "My mother reads them, I recognised the title from my bookshelf at home." Lily's face unexpectedly lit up. "So, are you muggleborn too?" she said, sitting up straighter. "Er… no," Remus said, a little awkwardly. Lily flushed scarlet at his words, suddenly looking ashamed. "I'm sorry, I probably shouldn't have told you," she said, and added, with a glance at The Prophet next to him, "What with everything that's going on. Being muggleborn shouldn't really be broadcast. Not that I think you'd… I'm sorry, I'm not sure of what is normal to talk about in the wizarding world yet…" she drifted off, looking more and more embarrassed and about to cry again. Remus glanced down at The Prophet and the headline on the front page: Muggleborn Ministy Witch Killed By Death Eaters, Family Currently Missing it read. "I'm halfblood," Remus said conversationally, trying to distract Lily. "My mother is a muggle, that's how I knew the book. But my dad is a wizard and he reads muggle books too. If a story is good I don't think it matters of it is about magic or not." Lily grinned and nodded enthusiastically. "I suppose it's just like muggles reading fantasy books, or books with magic in them," she said. "I didn't know wizards interacted much with muggle culture. I've only met one other wizard and he didn't mention it. Have you ever read The Lord of the Rings ?" Remus shook his head and at that moment the conductor's whistle blew and the train began to move. Both he and Lily lurched to their feet to look desperately out the window for a last glance at their families. Remus spotted his parents, both waving furiously and he waved back just as enthusiastically. Lily did the same to his left, both of them staying where they were until the train rounded the corner and the platform faded from view. The compartment door opened for the second time and the small space filled with laughter. Two boys had appeared there, both pulling large trunks and both with black hair, only one boy had his down to his shoulders and the other had his short and sticking up in random directions. This boy also wore glasses and carried a tawny owl in a cage. Lily's kitten watched it intensely. "Hi!" he said through his laughter. "I'm James, and this is…. Sorry mate, I've forgotten already." He had turned to the boy with long hair and looked at him apologetically. The boy with long hair only laughed again, finding this much more amusing than Remus could fathom. "It's Sirius," he said, both to James and to Remus and Lily. "Hello," said Remus as they sat down. "I'm Remus, and this is Lily." Lily smiled politely at the two boys but as soon as they had acknowledged her she opened her book and disappeared behind it, leaving Remus to talk with the two black haired boys. Other than their hair, Remus noticed, they only shared one other physical trait; they both looked very well cared for. While Remus never went without, his clothes were only ever from cheaper shops and were often mended or altered by his mother. These boys were dressed in clothes that screamed high end. James wore muggle jeans with a brand on them Remus vaguely recognised and a shirt that looked more expensive than anything he owned. Sirius, on the other hand, wore wizard's robes not unlike those he'd seen in fancy shop windows in Diagon Alley. That was where the similarities stopped. Sirius was smaller than Remus while James looked the same height. James had hazel eyes while Sirius' were a cool, keen grey. "So, Remus," James said. "Excited?" Remus blinked at being addressed so bluntly by a person he'd only just met. "Er, I suppose so." "I for one," said Sirius, as he lazily put his feet up on the seat across from him. "Couldn't wait to go. I've been stuck in London all summer and it was driving me insane." "You live in London?" Remus asked, intrigued. "How could that be a bad thing?" Sirius shrugged. "Can't play Quidditch in the city centre," he said with an indifferent tone. "Not without being seen by muggles anyway. Where are you from?" "Lake District, a place called Windermere." Remus said. Sirius didn't show any signs of recognition and merely shrugged again. "I've been on holiday there," a voice said. Lily had lowered her book and was now blushing furiously at the boys all suddenly looking at her. "We go on hiking trips, it is a beautiful place." Remus nodded. "It is, but it rains a lot." "So, you play Quidditch?" James asked of Sirius as Lily hid behind her book once more. "Any good?" Sirius smirked at the challenge in the question. "Reasonably," he said modestly. "You?" James shrugged. "I'm going to try and get on the team this year," he said, with a determination Remus had never seen on someone his age. "They don't let first years on