This is my Pre-take that I wrote for the Fandom 4 Autism, I hope that you enjoy it as much as you do my story of Heaven Sent. This one is from Bella's POV. I just want to thank both Pienuniek and Chandra for all their help on this. One for encouraging me, helping me and pushing me, the other for her Beta skills. I wouldn't be here without either of them. Eden Sent ~ A Heaven Sent Pre-take ~ Pen Name: Bubbleybear Pairing/Characters: Edward/Bella Fandom: Twilight Rating: T Warnings: None Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Beta: Chandrakanta Pre-readers: Pienuniek Banner By: Bubbleybear Summery: I knew about him at sixteen, saw him for the first time at seventeen. I couldn't wait to get to Earth to find him. At last the day has come, will he accept our bond? ~*~Eden Sent~*~ A few years ago, when I had just started the earth equivalent of high school, my great-great-grandmother Mikail had come to the school to advise me that I would be taking a separate class from all of the other students. It would be a class for just me and I would be learning from her. For those of you who don't know, my name is Isabella Swan—Bella if you please—and I am an angel. Mikail, better known to my brother and I as Mimi, is Mother Earth. She is the Angel responsible for looking after the earth, making sure it thrives and doesn't die from all the production taking place on it. I think she does a fabulous job. Anyway, like I was saying, Mimi came to me at school to tell me that I had a special class just for me, where I would learn her craft, although at the time I wasn't sure why. ~*~Eden Sent~*~ Over the next few years I practiced and honed what had become my craft. After I had started, I felt more centered in myself, like something had shifted and settled. My mother Renee loved that I practiced at home because her garden had never looked better. She beamed at me whenever I managed to make her flowers bloom brighter than any others. Although I did see the looks that she gave me when she thought I wasn't looking: it was sad and kind of resigned. I wasn't sure what that was about either. I continued on with all my lessons, including flying and taking care of a charge in case you were given a Guardian Angel assignment once you finished school. Although that was a coveted position and one to work towards after doing everything else. The other coveted position that you had to earn a position for was to become an Angel of Death. That one had to be given to people with specific dispositions, ones that could help someone cross over to the other side. I was lucky that I had several people in my family to look up to. It didn't matter what I wanted to be, there was someone there who could help and guide me. First there was my great-great-grandfather Samail, better known as Papa, and he is the very first Angel of Death. Of course there is also my great-great-grandmother Mikail. There is no one better to look up to than Mother Earth. Also there were my grandparents, Amos and Alison, or Poppa and Gamma. Poppa was both a Justice Angel and a self-made Angel; he had created the way we could communicate over long distances and between realms, in the shape of the Soul Projectors. You twisted the top and it projected an image of the person with the other ball connected to it. It was a fantastic invention and that was one of his purposes in Eden, to make more and keep them running. Gamma was the first Guardian Angel in our family. I looked up to her too. She decided to never have more than one charge at a time and made sure to make time for her family in between them. She didn't want to get overwhelmed with them; that could lead to mistakes. She was the person whom my own mother strived to be like. Then there were my parents, Charlie and Renee. My daddy was the first to be able to rise to an Angel of Death status in our family after Samail. It was a big deal to any family in Eden to have one. An honor. Daddy had the perfect disposition to be one. He was kind, caring, and loving. He could chat someone's ear off if he had to, but his quiet demeanor was what helped people the most to come to terms with the fact that they were dying and he was to help them come home. My mother was, of course, the second Guardian Angel in our family. Like I said before, she strove to be just like Gamma, and that is how she conducted herself too. It was hard, sometimes, having them both with assignments that took them to Earth, but we had a loving family who helped to raise us. Eden's whole motto was 'it takes a village to raise a child' and that's how my family survived. I should have explained to you about Eden. Eden is the place the Gods made for the original angels to spend time at when they needed a break or had a break between assignments. They expanded it when they created their mates and expanded it again when the children came along. Now it expands as needed, without the Gods' help. Eden is infinite. It happens to be the most beautiful place in all the universes, in my humble opinion. It looked like the largest rainforest, mixed in with the prettiest gardens, all meeting up with the most gorgeous coastlines. It had animals of all kinds, including some that were extinct. I believe that it has some that have never been seen before. All the buildings were made out of natural products but were designed into the most intricate patterns. There was never-ending room to run, play, and spend time with your family. I couldn't wait to have my own family to share that beautiful place. The other adult family member in Eden was Aunt Alida; she's Daddy's sister, Gods help her. The poor thing just wasn't all there with us anymore. The two people in our family I haven't mentioned are my great-grandmother Didyme—known as Granma, she had disappeared and that's all I knew—and my little brother Seth. I wanted do my best, to become someone he could look up to like I did to all of my known ancestors. ~*~Eden Sent~*~ I had turned sixteen a few months earlier and the time had come for the teachers to hand out the assignments that the Gods had decided would be our start position when we graduated. Most of my fellow pupils were handed things like Cupid, Justice, and Healing Angel; the angels who spread love, acted as lawyers in Eden, and those who would become our doctors. Those functions had a specific time frame and weren't a lifelong commitment like the Guardian Angels; they would be their back-up force until they would be chosen to become one themselves. I became upset when it became clear that I wouldn't be given an assignment. I walked home almost in tears because I didn't know what I was to become, what I was supposed to work towards. Was I destined to do nothing? When I got home I noticed that nobody was there but Poppa. "Hey, my girl, what's with the tears?" he asked. With that the flood gates opened. "Oh, Poppa," I blubbered while throwing myself into his arms. "Oh, sweetie, what's the matter? Nothing could be worth all these tears," he cooed, calming me down. "Here, we don't have to talk about it. But look, I've got something to show you." He handed me a photo album, after opening it up to a picture I had never seen before. "She looks like me. Who is it, Poppa?" "That, my girl, is your great-grandmother. A beauty just like you. She had many of the same powers that you do. Linked to nature, the earth, and the sea. You are a special young angel, Bella. Do you know what kind of angel you are?" Poppa replied. "No, Poppa. I haven't been given an assignment yet. My teacher tells me that I will be told soon because I turned sixteen not long ago." I sniffled. "You will be told today, my sweet girl. It's my duty as your grandfather to give you your assignment as your father couldn't be here today. Know he wanted to, but a very important figure was passing on today and he was given that assignment as a show of good faith." He paused, seeming to know this was going to be hard for both of us. "Bella, you are one of only two angels that hold this position. You were born specifically for this position. To advise you of your duty, I first need to go back and tell you the past. Listen carefully, because it will explain your future, okay?" he implored. I nodded; I was excited to learn about my assignment and curious as to why there weren't more of my kind out there. "Please remember that we don't have all of the information of what happened to your great-grandmother, so I'll tell you what I know. But let's start at the beginning…" And that is what he did. He told me all about how the Gods began as a group of beings who looked after all the inhabitants on all the planets. When the Gods could no longer keep up with the demands of the growing populations, they created the Original Angels to help them. When it became too much for just the Originals, they created mates for them to be able to marry and have angel children who would grow up to become helpers or workers for the Originals. Poppa told me how there was no mate for my great-great-grandfather Samail, the Angel of Death, to start with, but when the Gods realized the earth needed help, they created a specific angel called Mikail and made her Mother Earth. She was to be Samail's mate. They advised them that their line would create Earth Angels, those that are destined to live on Earth after their training had been complete and they were mated to a being on Earth. The catch would be that the Earth Angels would be girls, and just the first born to a descendant of their line. When Mikail became pregnant they knew that she was to have a girl as she needed the help; she was promoted to a place on the Governing Council. And not long after gave birth to my great-grandmother Didyme. While Didyme grew up, she learned all of the things I had been learning, and when she turned sixteen she was told of her destiny, much like I was told at that moment. Somehow things went awry and Didyme ended up married to an Eden man, not her mate. Not long after the ceremony, she'd given birth to Poppa, and she disappeared after that. After her disappearance, her husband was ejected from Eden after being made into a Fallen, destined to live life as a human again and again until Samail's name was cleared. And we knew that because even Gods and angels are susceptible to gossip. I had been so engrossed in the story, but here I interrupted. "What do you mean, Poppa?" "I don't know, my sweet girl. He won't talk about it, and rightly so. It's up to him when and why he tells us. Until then we leave it alone," he answered. "What happened next, Poppa?" I inquired uncertain, as I could see he was upset. "I grew up and became a Justice Angel, met your