IMPORTANT UPDATE - 11/19/2014 : This story sucked. I rewrote it so it sounded like it wasn't written by a twelve year old (which it was). Now it could be considered to be kind of sexual? Also, the previous message remains the same. Don't cut. It's not cool or healthy. Please read - I don't cut myself. And if you ever consider it, (this is purely my opinion) don't do it. It's not worth scarring yourself and putting yourself through unnecessary pain. Talk to someone maybe. Just please do not cut yourself. And if you do, don't lash out at me about not knowing your pain. Just…don't do it okay? We all know those four months in New Moon that were missing. Here's a bit of an AU for one of those months, since this never happens. It then skips ahead to a Post New Moon, Pre Eclipse AU. Summary - In December, Bella decides she can't take the pain anymore, and does the one thing she'd never thought she'd do—cut herself. Later on, Edward finds the cuts when he comes back. One-Shot, New Moon, slight AU. M for sexual thoughts. Disclaimer - I own nothing of Twilight. NOTE - THE NEXT CHAPTER IS NOT A CONTINUATION OF THIS ONE-SHOT, BUT IS THE ORIGINAL . December I jolted upright in my bed, gasping. Sweat dripped from my temples and my heart was racing. I glanced around my room. It was silent; he wasn't here. I flopped back against my mattress. This was becoming blasphemous. I didn't enjoy having the same exact nightmare each night. I used to scream, but I wasn't even sure anymore. Charlie never woke me up; he had given up on me. He knew there wasn't an intruder in my room anymore. He could no longer comfort his little girl. I sighed and pressed my oddly cool hands against my face. The chill lasted momentarily before my flesh became heated from the contact. I lowered my hands and sat up in the bed, looking over at the window. The chilly air had frozen the rainwater that dripped from the eave and had created small icicles. The weather was obviously cold, but the room was overwhelmingly hot. I groaned before rolling out of bed. I snatched up my bag of toiletries and quietly padded into the bathroom that was across the hall from my room. Once I was in the bathroom, I flipped on the switch and threw my bag down on the counter. I turned on my heel and headed to the old tub. Charlie had converted it into a shower by installing an overhead spigot and hanging up a curtain rod. I turned the water on and set it to the coldest setting. As a bead of sweat dripped from the tip of my nose to my upper lip, I knew I would welcome the tundra at this point. I stripped off my aged and tattered sweats quickly. I was used to waiting for the shower to warm, so I naturally went to stand in front of the mirror. If this had been several months ago, I would have blanched. I first saw my face. My skin was dull and nearly as white as the walls surrounding me. My apparently deep brown eyes now looked dull and cloudy. They were accentuated by the dark shadows under my eyes. I placed my hand on my cheek and pressed into my prominent cheekbone. My once rounded face was all edges. I lowered my eyes. I sucked in a breath when I saw my entire body in the mirror. Had I really become that thin? I ran my hands over my ribs. I could feel their bony protuberance beneath my skin. My hands moved up to my breasts and I realized there wasn't much to examine there. I had never been very busty, but now I was almost completely flat-chested. I resembled a prepubescent boy. I looked away, disgusted by myself. I had never thought that I was particularly beautiful. I had always been extraordinarily ordinary. But now I was hideous. Not that I was really trying to impress anyone. The only person I would want to look nice for was— No . I couldn't afford to be thinking about him. Not now. I wasn't in my bedroom. I was in the shower, next to Charlie's room. I wasn't going to make him listen to me sniffle. I sighed and stepped into the shower. For a moment, I stood completely still, letting the icy water dampen my sticky body. Oddly, the cold water soothed me and instead of making me tense. I had never liked the cold very much. I had always taken boiling hot showers. I liked to be a vibrant shade of pink when I emerged from the stall. Now, I was as relaxed as could be. Slowly, realization washed over me. Strangely, I didn't run from it. This feeling was too similar. It was so...nice. It was so similar to the feeling of his hands touching me, the sensation of his chilled fingers ghosting over my skin. I could feel them now, running over my body, searching for some sort of embrace... I slammed my back against the wall, getting as far away from the cold water as possible. I hadn't realized it, standing under the stream, but my eyes had begun to water. I covered my mouth with my hand to muffle any sobs that might escape me. Slowly, I raised my hand and turned the knob on the dial. The water quickly began to steam. I needed to forget about it. I jumped into my normal rituals with more moxie than ever, shampooing my hair and washing my body with enough force to rid myself of a few layers of skin. I tried to pay attention to my movements so I wouldn't let my thoughts wander. I cringed as my hands ran over the prominent bones that jutted out of body. I hadn't realized that I'd been lacking so much nutrition. Far too quickly, my shower was over. It had gone by too fast. I needed to find something to do. Shave . I hardly ever shaved, especially in the winter. I wore pants constantly and I didn't need to worry about someone seeing my mammoth legs anymore. But I wanted to kill time. I reached out for the razor, feeling behind the curtain blindly. The razor sat on the edge of the tub. I hissed as my fingers came into contact with the blades. I could feel the thick skin of my fingertips tear and begin dripping with my life source. I yanked my hand back. I put my fingers under the stream of water, washing away the blood. I watched as it swirled down the drain, and then as new blood found its way to the surface of my skin. It was...fascinating. Without thinking, I reached for it again, finding the handle. I held it in front of my face. The device was designed so that you could remove one side of the razor and replace the blades when they became dull. I pulled back the plastic and placed the long, thin rods in my hand. It couldn't hurt too badly. Quickly, I held out my left arm. I pressed the first rod into the smooth, white flesh. I swiped it across slowly. It only stung a bit. Blood bubbled up to the surface and dripped out in drops. I tilted my head to the side, fascinated. Next, I pressed down the razor with much more force. I gasped as it cut into something in my arm. Blood instantly began to seep from the wound. I felt my lips pull up into what might have been a smile. The contrast between the startling shade of red and the white canvas of my skin was incredibly appealing to the eye. No wonder he loved it so much— My fingers fumbled with the razor and I felt it slice through my fingertips like they were made of butter. Blood dripped out slowly and landed on the floor of the tub. I slapped my hand against my forehead several times. No, no, no. Bad Bella. I needed to stop thinking about him. I had been avoiding the thought of him so well. I could almost go an hour without feeling that ragged hole in my chest rip open further. Now I was barely making it through ten minute intervals. I needed to punish myself. I held out my arm and began slicing my wrists with determination. I would pay for my slip-ups. I cut seven more straight, horizontal lines into my forearm. I breathed through my mouth, forcing myself not to inhale the sickly aroma. The cuts didn't even really hurt that badly. They just stung. I wasn't cutting very deep... You need to cut deeper. It's your fault he left anyways. My stomach lurched at my internal monologue. But it was right. He had said it himself. I wasn't good enough for him. I had bored him. My lips twisted into a sneer and I began breathing in quick shallow breaths. I heard the air whistling as it passed through my teeth. It echoed off of the shower walls. Do it, Bella. You did this to yourself. You need to pay for what happened earlier. As if he would lay his hand on you ever again, let alone make you feel anything other than pain. He would never touch you the way you want to be touched. Not for an embrace, nor a fleeting kiss on the cheek. I passed a new, unused blade to my other hand. I began slicing the arm that had previously been used to cut. I pressed down harder this time. This was my right arm, the arm that bore the mark of James's bite. As I cut, I avoided the mark, hoping to preserve the only physical evidence of his presence in my life. The blood seeped from my skin at a rapid pace. I began slicing with a fervor, and I quickly lost count of the cuts. They were no longer horizontal. Some cuts overlapped one another. My vision rippled and I knicked my wrist in the wrong spots a few times before pressing down. I was becoming lightheaded. "Drop the blade, Bella." I squeaked and felt the blades tumble from my fingertips. They bounced around my feet. I glanced around urgently, yanking back the shower curtain. The bathroom was empty. I had heard him. His velvety voice could not be forgotten or mistaken. It was him. Had it been an illusion? His voice had sounded so clear. It had sounded like he was standing right behind me... I shook my head, and bent down to retrieve the blades. When I reached out to grab them, I stumbled. "Don't do this," he whispered. His voice followed the water down the drain. My left arm twitched, acting on instinct. I was preparing for the hole to rip open again. This was insane. He wasn't here. He didn't care about me, why would he be here? You're just being delusional, Bella. I reached for the blades again. "Stop it! Right now!" I could practically feel his breath against my neck, the cold air causing goosebumps to appear all over my skin. It felt so real. I wanted it to be real. Why couldn't he be here, saving me like he always did? He always saved me. Why not now? Why did he have to leave? Why couldn't he save me from myself? It was all my fault, really. I had sent him away. I was so boring, so mundane. He could easily find another girl to play with. That's all I really was to him anyways. A plaything. There were millions of girls like me. Young, naive, so easily impressionable. He was probably out with all of his distractions, probably some girl who was just like me. He would