Author's Note One: So, this wasn't really meant to be a parody, just a small bit of humour, but as I was writing, things that would only be acceptable in a parody happened; and thus, in order to attempt to justify what you are about to read, I have dubbed it a parody and can only say… Read at your own risk, my friends. And if you survive to reach the end, I do so hope you've enjoyed it. Comments would be positively lovely, too, if you could spare this writer one. ;) Summary : While staying for a bit in Rivendell, Legolas takes it upon himself to make sure Aragorn makes good use of the bathing tubs and water. But the thing is, Aragorn isn't really into the whole bathing thing. Fortunately, Legolas can keep up with his friend's wily tricks: "I would have thought such a skilled Ranger from the North would come up with a better spot to hide than his own bedchamber!" Slightly parodyish. Disclaimer: Oh, dear lord, if anyone reads this and wonders afterwards if I was Tolkien….well, partner, I worry about you. The dearly beloved professor would never write anything like this. I'm sure he turned over in his grave at the mere notion of me writing it. :) Author's Note Two: I know you feel like you got the wrong end of the deal in this, Aragorn, but don't be too mad. I still –love- you. " Catch Me if You Can" It was another beautiful day in Rivendell, because the author chose to make it a beautiful day, because that's the way she wanted and it's never really not beautiful in Rivendell anyway; and the Elf Legolas was in an excellent mood as he walked silently around the grounds and woods that make up the Elven place. He had come as a spokesman from the forest of Mirkwood, and he had traveled a long way. Upon his arrival the day before, he was greeted with warm meal and (even better to the Elf) a warm bath . It felt wonderful to be clean again; for in the past few days he felt he'd smelled worse than his father's horses back home. Suddenly, Legolas sensed he was no longer walking alone. He paused mid-step, and turned—it wasn't a suspicious or threatening gesture, it was just a turn, because Legolas had been expecting to have a companion on his walk this afternoon. "Estel," the Elf said kindly to the man that appeared from behind a tree, "it has been too long." A small smile played on the lips of Aragorn, the man Legolas addressed as Estel, and he replied, "Indeed it has, but we are both here now." Aragorn had just arrived in Rivendell yesterday, with three Hobbits in tow and another of his party already here, healing comfortably from a wound. He and Legolas had agreed to meet here this afternoon and walk together, making up for the time they were apart. And so they walked together in comfortable silence, Man and Elf, shoulder to shoulder and side by side, until Legolas breathed in deep the scent of Rivendell…and something else. "Dear Valar, Aragorn," he said with his nose wrinkled for effect; "don't take this the wrong way, but you smell terrible." His deep blue eyes studied him for farther flaw, eyebrows furrowed. The hygiene-valuing Elf scolded his friend: "have you not had time to bathe from your journey, Aragorn? Because even after a day in Rivendell you look as if you have only just arrived from a long journey through the wilderness." Aragorn didn't take offence. "I have just come from a hard journey, my friend," he said, "but I did not bathe yesterday when I arrived. There were other things to be done, and the dirt does not bother me." It bothers me. Legolas shook his head at his companion and said breezily, "come now with me, since you have not yet bathed. A tub shall be drawn for your bath, and we'll have you looking clean (and smelling nice) in no time, Estel." Even before the words were out his mouth, Aragorn was gone from his side and Legolas realized he was walking alone. With a long-suffering sigh, he made his way in the direction his companion had gone: back to House of Elrond. He muttered in Elvish as he walked, and if anyone where to hear that understood the language, it would translate into something like the following: "Cowardly dog. You disgust me!" -o0o- "Mithrandir, you wouldn't have happened to have seen Aragorn running by a moment ago, would you?" Legolas said by way of greeting to the weary-looking old Wizard Gandalf when he approached him outside the House of Elrond. Legolas smiled as Gandalf did the same, though the latter looked a bit confused when he looked up at his companion. "And why, pray tell, would Aragorn be running from you, Legolas?" Legolas' expression went sheepish. "He looked awful," the Elf began, and talked faster when Gandalf's eyebrows went higher; "I suggested maybe he should go and draw up a bath…" Gandalf began laughing; so loudly did he do so that Legolas was forced into silence. The Wizard laughed so heartily for such awhile that tears of mirth threaten to appear in his eyes. "That is one of the traits that differ you from Aragorn, my dear Elf," he said when his laughing has subsided, "our Ranger doesn't like to enjoy the pleasures of hygiene as much as you do." The Elf nodded along with the Wizard's words; "I understand, Mithrandir. And am I correct when I assume you've seen him not?" "You are." -o0o- When he really needed to, Aragorn could avoid being seen. He'd told the Hobbit Frodo Baggins that once, and it was completely true. When he didn't want someone to see him, they usually didn't. A wonderful skill he picked up while being a Ranger, it was. And he called upon that skill now, as he hid in one of the many rooms in Elrond's Grand House. Actually, he wasn't really using his skill at all: he had another Hobbit, Pippin Took, guarding the door to the room he was hiding in as the Ranger paced back and forth. If someone were to listen closely, they would hear dark mutters as he talked to himself. "Legolas wants to get me clean, does he? We'll see about that; he'll only be able to get me in a bathing tub after I'm caught and bound. He shan't catch me, that's for certain…no matter how dear a friend he is to me, he won't see me clean until…until Hobbits stop eating six billion times a day." While he meant no insult to Hobbits, Aragorn didn't bother to feel guilty over his words; instead he fell into a rapid slue of Elvish curses he'd learnt in the years he'd spent calling Rivendell home. His pacing and mumbling came to an abrupt halt, however, when he heard the tiny voice of Peregrin Took call through door: "Strider! I don't know why you have me on the lookout for Legolas; but whatever it is I'm sure there's no reason to be hiding. Will you come out now?" "No!" Aragorn hissed more harshly than he meant to, and made certain to soften his voice as not to startle the sweet little Hobbit. "Pippin, if you hear Legolas coming, speak up, won't you?" Through the door, Aragorn heard the soft patter of Hobbit feet as Pippin walked closer. There was a sigh of defeat as he gave in to Aragorn's words. "All right, all right. I'll warn you, Strider." Aragorn mumbled his thanks and resumed his unnatural pacing of the room. -o0o- Pippin Took was bored. He liked Strider a lot, he really did, so when he had stumbled upon the Ranger in the hall and he had asked him to stand guard by the door and watch for Legolas—an Elf Pippin only knew vaguely by name—the young Hobbit did so willingly. But within fifteen minutes of standing by a door, doing and saying nothing, Pippin could barely stand it anymore. He wanted to go find his close friend and cousin, Merry Brandybuck, but hesitated to leave Aragorn. "Strider," he called to the Ranger, not for the first time, "will you please come out now? This is pointless." "Hush, Pippin!" The reply came, just like it always did, in a hoarse whisper that sounded angrier than the owner of the voice really was; "Legolas is looking for me, and if he hears you talking—" "Your cover would be blown?" The voice that spoke held much amusement and mirth, and Pippin startled and whirled around from facing the door; craning his head up to peer at an Elf with long blonde hair. The Hobbit guessed correctly when he thought that this Elf must be the Legolas Strider spoke of. Legolas, smiling in all his amusement, looked down at little Pippin and gave the confused Hobbit a friendly wink. "I would have found him sooner or later, anyway. You were right when you said it was pointless." He raised his voice to call through the door, even though he was certain Aragorn was already well aware of his presence. "I would have thought such a skilled Ranger from the North would come up with a better spot to hide than his own bedchamber!" he said mockingly, "I'm coming in Estel, and we're not coming out until you're bathed!" -o0o- Legolas did come in, but he certainly came out before Aragorn was bathed: in fact, he came out before he even saw the Ranger. The Man had given him the slip before the Elf even suspected he'd try! Legolas was only ashamed of himself; he'd known Aragorn for such a long time he should have known he'd have found a way out. Besides, how hard could it be to come up with the idea of climbing out of the window? Pippin was waiting for him when Legolas walked back out of the Ranger's room, the Elf still completely astonished at how he hadn't thought of Aragorn escaping before. "Erm, Legolas," the Hobbit began shyly, but when Legolas looked down at him and smiled, Pippin visibly relaxed; "Legolas, may I ask what you're trying to catch Strider for?" "A bath," the Elf replied simply, "for he is in desperate need of one." Pippin blinked a few times, contemplating this. "Can't he just take one himself, on his own time?" he said, feeling as if this were the most obvious thing in the world, "does he really have to be caught ?" Legolas laughed softly. "You have no idea," he said; "for Estel, taking a bath 'on my own time' becomes taking a bath 'only when I'm so filthy Arwen refuses to talk to me'. I was hoping he would bathe before we get to that point." Pippin had no idea what Legolas had just said, for none of it made any sense at all to him, but he decided not to say nothing about it. Not asking anymore questions meant he was free to go find Merry, and so that's what he did. Legolas continued his search. -o0o- There had been a game played in the grounds and halls belonging to Lord Elrond when its habitants were considerably younger and more child-like: Aragorn, then known only as Estel, and his adopted Elven brothers often hid from one another for one of them to find; others, Legolas of Mirkwood included, had also occasionally joined in on the game when they were there. This was what Legolas was continually thinking about as he walked silently through the halls he knew so well; many times he had been here, it seemed almost another home. He kept dwelling on the old memories of days long past and gone when he and Estel had hidden from the others, trying to recall every last nook and cranny they had considered their best