The Ex Best Friend PROLOGUE "You wanted this. Why didn't you just leave him alone? He was mine to begin with and now you've gotten your claws into him. I thought you were my friend." I watch her with tears running down my face. How could my best friend hurt me so much. "You don't think that I would be friends with you do you? I used you to get what I wanted and I have. Now leave, this is MINE and JASPER'S house. We don't need more garbage cluttering up the place." She turned away from me and walked back into the main part of the house that me and Jasper had brought together. How could he do this to me? Looking over at him I saw hate but also sadness. I didn't know him anymore. I couldn't stay here now after what they'd done. Everyone in town knew what had been going on for months. Even my own mother had known and not told me. "I hope she makes you happy." I didn't look back as I walk out and got into my car. My things had been loaded up into my car without me being here. Rosalie, my sister, had dropped me off and left not knowing what was going on. I saw her smirking in the window and looking like the queen bee. Shaking my head I started to drive. I didn't know where I was going but there was no way I'd ever go to my parents. I didn't know if my dad had known but I sure as hell wasn't going to find out. I was never going to step foot in this town again if I had anything to do with it. As I drove pasted the welcome sign I put my foot down. It was now or never. I'd left a letter with Angela and she knew what to do with it. I could hear my phone ringing but I couldn't reach it. There was one place I knew that I was wanted and that was with my older brother Edward. He was 26 and lived in New York. The first motel I found I pulled over and rang him. It took two days for everything to be ready for my flight over there. He promised me that no one would know I was coming and our mother wouldn't ring him. After he'd gone off and married Tanya 4 years ago she'd cut all ties with him. She didn't like the fact that he'd turned down Jessica for a 'slut', her words not mine. He met me as I got off the plane and helped me get my bags. It was some time later that they pulled up to his and Tanya's home. It was beautiful with flowers in full bloom. Tanya was stood at the gate waiting for us. When I reached her, she took me into her arms and I started to cry again. She pulled me along with her into the house and right to the room I would be staying in. It was as if she knew I needed to be alone. "I'll come back in a bit ok? And don't worry about anything for now. We'll figure everything out when your ready." I nodded and mustered up a small smile. I could still feel the tears falling from my eyes as she closed the door behind herself. I heard her talking to Edward and listened as they both walked away. I didn't even know that I'd fallen asleep until I woke and saw that one of them had brought my things into the room for me. E POV I looked at my sister as she slept. She looked so broken all I wanted to do was jump on the next plane and beat Jasper to a pulp. Tanya had calmed me down a lot but I could see the pain and hurt in her eyes as well. Ever since I'd brought Tanya home Bella was the only one to accept her. Rose had tired but had taken the side of our mother more and more. Our father didn't know what to think but hadn't tried to speak to me since I ran off and got married. The only family there had been Bella and Jasper. Tanya's parents had come and even thrown a party to welcome me to their family. I had always looked after Bella. My mother hadn't really been active in her life. Sure when she was younger she always taken a liking to what Bella was into but as soon as she hit 13 and all she wanted to do was read and write she'd gone onto her younger daughter Rose. Rose seemed to love this and held it over Bella's head a lot. I had to hold her at night as she cried when Rose had said something to her. Over the years it had gotten better from what I had heard from Bella but not a lot. Since Rose had met Emmett she'd laid off of Bella a lot, they even went out together. It was a surprise when I gotten the call from her not 2 nights ago asking if she could come and stay with us. Tanya had said yes right away without even asking what had happened. I was glad they got on so well. Pulling myself together I put her bags down before going to join my wife in the living room. I got there and she was on the phone. I was thankful that she put it on speaker and I could hear both my sister's voice and my mother's. "Is she there? That's all we need to know." My sister's voice sounded like a snob and I wanted to shout that I was there but Tanya waved her hand telling not to. "I don't know where she is. I'm sure when's she ready she'll call you. And if we hear from her I'll have Edward ring right away." I heard my mother huff before she spoke. "If your lying-" Tanya cut her off before she could use some pretty colourful words. "Even if I was lying that has nothing to do with you. From what I hear you knew all about what happened. And yes she has rang but since then nothing. I don't think you have the right to ask her anything. After all you let your own daughter be heart broken just so you could have the upper hand. Goodbye Renée, Rose." With that my darling wife hung up. It wasn't until I heard a voice behind us that I knew that Bella had heard everything as well. "Thank you. I don't think I could talk to them just yet." Her voice sounded so small. Not like that woman I knew she used to be. I got up along with Tanya but it was me who took her into my arms. I would do anything if I could turn the clock back and stop this from happening but I couldn't so the next best thing was to help her in anyway I could. "I'm making some sandwich's if you'd like something," We all laughed when both mine and Bella's stomach decided to let her know we were both in agreement with her way of thinking. As my wife went about making lunch I sat down with Bella. I wanted to hear everything and not the bit she'd already told me. She didn't say anything until Tanya had come and sat back down. "I didn't even think there was anything wrong. He was the same as he always was, we'd even brought a house. We didn't know what to do with it so Alice came to help with setting everything up. I had to work a lot so it was just the two of them. They never acted any different around me. I can't believe my best friend would do this to me. He even let her pack my things and stuff them in my truck." I pulled her into my side as she carried on. "It was the day I went out with Rose that I found out about it. Mother had been in the dressing room talking with a friend of hers and how I was stupid for not knowing what was going on with them. I didn't want to stay there so I made out that I wasn't feeling well and Rose dropped me off at home. She was there when I got there. He just stood back as she told me everything. I didn't even get to tell him my good news. But I guess it wouldn't have made a difference." "Your not…" I pointed at her stomach and got a slap from Tanya for that with a glare thrown in. Bella laughed at me and shook her head. "No. Thank god I'm not. There was no way that would happen anyway. He was always careful in that department." I flinched as she spoke about that. I liked to think she was still innocent. What brother wouldn't? "I can't believe he had the gal to do that in our home." Her anger was coming now. This I knew how to deal with. But Tanya gave me a look again and I slid down in my seat. "Well there is a way to get back at them without seeing them again. The house is in your name or his?" "Mine. He said it was to show how much he loved me. Why?" Even I looked at her this time. "Well then they have no right living there. I'll make some calls and sort it out for you." With that Tanya got up and made her way to her office. Bella watched her go with a shake of her head. "Your wife sure doesn't like to leave things till later does she?" I laughed at this. Tanya came in some time later to see us cuddled up on the sofa watching Beethoven's Big Break. She sat down on the other side of Bella with a smile. "That should sort that out. Now I'm in need of some help myself." Bella frowned but I just grinned from ear to ear. "Well I think the new aunty to be should help me pick out things for the room." Bella gave a cry of joy and brought Tanya into her arms. I left them to it when they got out the note books and baby store books Tanya already had. I went to my office to ring Emmett and see what was going on over there. I knew I wouldn't tell Rose if I asked him. "Hay man. I hope you have some news for me because I don't think I could take anymore of this." I laughed at this before asking if he was alone. It was the brake in his voice that let me know he wasn't. "Sure." I made sure not to let on I knew. "I don't know what the hell is going on but I can tell you if I ever get my hands on them there won't be anything left. I had Bella on the phone crying her eyes out. I got out of her that she wasn't driving but she wouldn't tell me where she was. I hope to dear god that she's ok." "I know. Rose and Renée have been trying to ring her for days but she won't answer her phone." "She's asked me to sort something's out for her. One thing is that her things are fetched and that its someone that isn't family. I've rang Jenks and he's going to sort it out." I heard her voice in the back ground along with Jasper's. "Also you had better warn them that the house is going up for sale. She said that they could have anything they wanted as long as it wasn't hers to begin with." I heard a growl come from my mother. After