Before we begin this long, long OneShot, I'd just like to state a few things; Firstly, Congratulations to RaeDawnxx who won this OneShot by winning a competition in my main fic Chasing Pavements. She deserves this for putting up with my cryptic hints! Secondly, this OneShot takes place in the CP Universe, to be precise, during the period in which Edward ignores Arsinoe. To any readers who have not read the fic, well, you don't really have to, but you'll be a bit confused as to who some of the characters are. Though if you haven't, it doesn't really matter. Thirdly, I created the outfits for this on Polyvore, so you can check those out here (along with all the other outfits Arsinoe wears in CP ): http_:_/_/uchihastalker_._ _/_?_filter_=_sets Just remove the underscores :) If it doesn't work, tell me. Lastly, this fic, is a mix between the Ouran Highschool Host Club episode; Haruhi in Wonderland and the Kuroshitsuji (Black Butler) OVAs Ciel in Wonderland. See if you can guess which scene belongs to which Anime ^.^ I hope you guys all like it, especially you Rae , since I've kept you waiting all this time XD Review and tell me what you think! Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland. Standing in front of it with my father I could see why it was considered one of the best Universities in the world, with its large castle-like appearance and lush vegetation (it was the type of place where you probably weren't allowed to walk on the carefully maintained grass), it truly was a sight to see. I was eager to see it in its full splendour, I had heard many great things about it. And their English Lit program was said to be one of the best in the world as well. That was the whole reason I chose it, instead of its Mother, Cambridge, which had a more widely developed selection of choices. It was basically empty though, since it was the holidays but I could see a few professors lurking around. The large clock tower chimed five minutes passed three as my father and I casually walked forward on the stone path, but I was anxious to move faster. I was nervous. Instead of sending an acceptance letter (or, a rejection letter, though I doubted that was even a possibility) they chose to send me a letter of invitation, saying that they wanted to meet me personally. It was extremely disconcerting and I had no idea what to expect. I had obviously dressed for the occasion, hoping to look good and proper in a pair of black skinny slacks, a loose black and green top, a grey blazer and modest flats. I wondered about my hair, since it was purple, and I didn't know how the Dean would take that, but I couldn't do much but tie it into a tight bun and hope for the best. I'm normally such a stiff person, but dammit, I wanted to get into this college and I'll be damned if my appearance jeopardized that possibility. The place was huge, like, really, really big, and as we ascended the main hall's stairs to get to the Dean's office, I had to marvel at the fine architecture. Apparently it had been built way back when Queen Elizabeth the Second was still reigning as queen meaning sometime in the 1500s but you'd never guess it with the way it had been so well-maintained. "So this is going to be your new school, huh?" Asked my father, giving me a large grin, his caramel eyes sparkling good-naturedly. Unlike me, he wasn't as nervous and he didn't even bother to dress all that formally. He had just come back from a meeting before he had escorted me here and he was wearing plain black business slacks, brown leather shoes and a white button up shirt, the sleeves rolled up to his elbow with a grey tie, choosing to leave his blazer in the car. I tried to give him a smile but it came out as more of a grimace. "Yeah, I really hope so." Pa only laughed. "I know so." He declared with finality and I wished I could have his confidence but this was just one of those rare days when I questioned my own intelligence. Could I really make it in? Thousands of people applied to this place each year and barely a handful made it in. Would I be part of that handful? We eventually arrived and the secretary was a prim looking Irish woman dressed in a grey Suite and short, two inch high heels, brown hair in a tight bun, the only thing tighter being the pursing of her lips when she caught sight of me. Ouch. Was it the hair? "He's ready for you." She said in a voice that screamed no-nonsense and with a curt thank-you and a nod, my father and I entered the office. Unsurprisingly, like the rest of the school, the Dean's office was very impressive, decorated lavishly with expensive furniture that probably cost more than the insurance on Kim Kardashian's ass. Haha, Arsinoë you funny bastard. The thought managed to bring forth a small smile on my face, and my shoulders untensed slightly. "Hussein Zeidan!" The Dean exclaimed jovially, clasping my father's hand firmly across the desk where he stood smiling. The Dean seemed to be the very embodiment of the school, tall, aristocratic, and old. He was Irish, with slicked back greying dirty-blond hair, intelligent looking blue eyes, and a long, straight nose that stood above a carefully tended-to moustache. His skin was pale, and that of a typical elderly person but I could see some old hints of freckles from his youth. He was dressed in a light grey suite with a white shirt and blue tie tucked in and done properly. "A pleasure to meet you, I've heard many great things, I assure you." He declared still grinning, revealing perfect white teeth. He turned to me, smile still in place, and held out his hand and his smile became slightly more muted, but no less sincere. "And you, young lady, why you are Arsinoë Zeidan." He said, sounding extremely impressed. "The very same who got invitations to Oxford, Cambridge, four Ivy League schools and not to mention various great other schools around the world, and still chose modest little Trinity. Why, I must say I'm thoroughly overjoyed to meet such a brilliant young mind such as yourself." He told me, looking me straight in the eyes and conveying his honesty. I could only smile abashedly and I think I felt myself blush, but since I rarely ever did, I wasn't sure. Although, I wouldn't particularly call Trinity College modest. "You make me out far greater than I am sir," I answered as we sat down, "I thank you for your praises but on most occasions I only try and hope for the best." I told him honestly. He and my father laughed. "Well then, you must be doing something right." The Dean stated and I gave him a grateful smile. "So tell me, Miss Zeidan, what did make you choose Trinity College?" He asked, and thus commenced a long question and answer period that lasted over thirty minutes -in which I did my best to answer as best as I could, but honestly, I was just bullshitting my way through the whole thing. He seemed to eat it up however, so I guess it worked pretty well. "Being too talented is actually her problem, you see." My father said jokingly, taking a sip of the tea we had been served somewhere along the line. "She decided and prepared her papers all on her own. In the end, even for today's meeting, she said "I'll take care of it all Papa, so you don't have to come along."" They both laughed again. The Dean turned to me with a smile. "Ah, Miss Zeidan, I'll be talking with your father for a while." He informed me. "So why don't you go and look around Campus for the time being? It's Easter Holidays right now, so you probably won't meet anyone other than the teachers. I'm sure you'll be relieved to get away from my incessant question, yes?" He asked knowingly. For the sake of politeness, I could only disagree, even though yes, I really would be grateful to get away. "Not at all sir, however a walk around the grounds would be nice." I answered and he nodded happily. "Ah, so very polite. If only the rest of your generation could be like you." He sighed wistfully, making me force away my smug smile. He snapped back into reality. "Go on now, we've kept you long enough." I stood and left the room at a polite pace, trying not to seem too eager. "Do you think she'll have fun here? After all, what's University without making some friends?" Was the last thing I heard the Dean say before the doors closed behind me. Would I make friends? I wonder…knowing me, I'd probably fly solo the whole way through, I was antisocial like that. The secretary at the entrance watched me with a hard look the whole time I passed and I could only pretend to be ignorant of it and fast-walk my way out of the waiting room. A little later found me walking down the long empty stone hallway with pillars and arches lining each side, and I found myself giddily reminded of Hogwarts. It wouldn't be too far-fetched, since this place was basically a castle in itself. I stopped to stare up at the white birds scattering up in the blue sky as the clock tower chimed loudly again, and that's when I noticed a double door to one of the classrooms opened slightly. I turned away from the sky to look at it fully, only, much to my surprise, there was what seemed to be a small white plushy arm waving at me. Its body was obscured by the door. My eyes widened even more when what seemed to be a plush bunny rabbit cartwheeled passed eating a banana, first on its long, floppy ears, and then its legs, looking at me pointedly when it passed by the doors. I blinked in surprise. Okay Arsinoë, maybe you should calm down from your high. You're starting to see things now. However, despite the voice within me protesting my next actions, I just had to make sure… I looked warily around the courtyard I was in, but my only witness would be a small bluebird perched upon the branch upon a tree. I doubted it would suddenly develop the ability to talk and blab to the teachers (or that damned suspicious secretary), so I quickly ran forward and peered cautiously into the room. The room was large, and ostentatious with a chandeliers and fancy marble tile, but it was empty except for small pillars that had expensive looking vases and busts on top. The rabbit was there, waddling along uncertainly, its floppy ears catching it each time it leaned to fa in one direction and almost toppled over! And the now discarded banana peel was there too! And then suddenly, a loud rumbling like a generator started up, and much to my ever-growing shock, a puff of round smoke erupted and suddenly a large circle of tile slowly lowered. The Plush Bunny turned to me, and as if it were waving, raised up a single floppy ear. I ran forward quickly, determined not to lose it, but I didn't see the banana peel in my path and slipped. Yeah, I slipped on a banana peel. Kami help us all. I flew forward and much to my horror, just above the now empty circle. There was a comically cartoon like moment in which I seemed to be suspended in the air for just a moment, before plop , down I went. " AHHH! HOLY MARY