So, I was supposed to post this yesterday, however, something came up so it's late! Dedicated to SilentMayhem for being so awesome! Hope you like it! Blue :) Esme sighed softly as she flicked idly through the newest issue of Femme magazine, perched at the island in the kitchen and sitting on one of the stools with one elbow on the counter, her chin in her palm. Yes, looking through the newest fashion trends was always interesting –they had to keep with the times after all- but she found herself bored. She had nothing to do cooped up all alone in this big house. She didn't feel like working in the garden today, nor did she feel like painting, and though she had to go over some blueprints for the new house, she only had to go to the office at one, and it was still very early, only seven, meaning she had plenty of time to kill before she had to leave for Seattle at twelve. The others were all out too, Carlisle was at the hospital, Alice and Rosalie were spending the weekend in L.A for shopping now that they actually could go out in the sun (Bless Carlisle and Edward, those two were absolutely brilliant) and her sons were out doing who knows what, leaving her all alone. She sighed again, this time in frustration at her lack of social life. Honestly, one would think that after more than eighty years, one would've have accumulated at least a handful of close friends! She would have called Carmen and gossip with her friend about the latest scandals about who's who in the Aristocratic Vampire world, however, Esme just wasn't in the mood. Closing the magazine with a huff, she suddenly felt decidedly like her human age of twenty-five. Bored, impatient and restless. And the worst part was that these feelings had become increasingly more familiar recently. Being a stay-at-home mother was one thing –however being an immortal stay-at-home mother whose children didn't actually need you was something else entirely. She couldn't even clean because the house was quite literally spotless, and she had told the Orphanage in Seattle that she wouldn't be going in today, same with the Soup Kitchen. And even if she did decide to bake or cook, it's not like anyone would eat it. She'd be forced to keep it in the fridge to take down to the Hospital or some such. Ah, the woes of not having children to feed and fatten up! Esme paused in the middle of smothering her face in her arms for a moment, suddenly remembering the fact that yes, she did in fact have a child to feed and fatten up! Well, technically, Arsinoë was more her best-friend than daughter, but the fact remained that at least she was someone to cook for. Come to think of it, where was the purple haired girl today? Esme knew that she wasn't with Edward, (the girl had firmly told her son that being in one another's presence every single day was not healthy, and what an amusing sight it had been when he had come back home with a pout on his face like an abandoned puppy, but really , Arsinoë was right in the end, and a little space every once in a while would do them both some good) and as far as Esme knew, the girl's aunt was currently in Madrid, so there was a very good chance that Arsinoë was currently home alone. Of course, there was a good chance that she was out with a friend (at least she had some), or had already made plans for the day, but the possibility was still there, and there'd be no harm in just checking . Esme's butterscotch eye's drifted to the clock sitting innocently on the wall, slowly ticking away without a care in the world, and knawed guiltily on her rose stained lip. Seven-thirty wasn't that early was it? She knew human teens often loved to sleep in and laze about on weekends, and even if that weren't true, she knew for a fact that the purple haired girl loathed being awoken. But really, Esme was desperate (and how she hated to admit it because how sad was it that her only other close friend aside from Carmen just happened to be her son's partner and was a teenage girl to boot?) and she didn't think she'd be able to survive such extreme boredom any longer –immortality or no. And so, with no small amount of guilt and self-pity, Esme picked herself up from the island stool and made her way towards the kitchen phone, walking at human speed in a vain attempt stall for time. Not that it worked much, considering the fact that she arrived in less than six seconds. Human speed may be slow, but it wasn't that slow. Picking up the mobile from where it rested on its stand, she dialled the familiar number, and waited with baited breath as it rang. She didn't understand why she was so nervous either, it's not like calling someone was bad or anything, and besides- " Yeeeeee llo?" A familiar voice drawled, sounding wide awake, if a bit lazy. Esme breathed a sigh of relief, happy that she hadn't woken the girl up. "Arsinoë, how are you this morning?" She asked, leaning on the counter and tapping her fingers idly. The sound of music was easily heard in the background, not that Esme was surprised. It was a well-known fact that Arsinoë could hardly go more than six hours without listening to a tune. "Fine, and you?" She asked, followed by a frustrated sound towards whatever it was she was doing. "Wonderful, thank you." Alright, that was a lie, but let it never be said that Esme was one to push her sullen moods onto others. Clicking her teeth together -a habit from her human years that had apparently, followed her into the proxy afterlife- she gathered her courage. "I was calling to inquire about your plans for the day? Would you be free to spend some time together?" She asked. There was a moment of silence on the other end of the line that only served to increase Esme's growing anxiousness, before finally, a sound of amusement filled through the speakers. "You mean hang out?" She asked bluntly. Esme blinked at the term. Yes, she supposed that was essentially what she was saying. "…Yes. Are you available?" Esme asked, though even she noted her voice was lacking. Lacking what, exactly? Perhaps confidence was the word. "I'm 'available', but lazy." The caramel haired woman could imagine the teen's nonchalant shrug as she said it, and she gave a small smile besides herself. "You're welcome to come over if you want though. I'm sure you must be bored all alone over there." Well, it seems that Arsinoë had read her fairly easily. Was it really so obvious? Esme paused awkwardly, before nodding slowly to herself. "I'll be there in ten minutes then." She convinced herself that she wasn't avoiding the girl's observation (correct as it may have been), she just saw no reason to confirm it. Needless to say, Esme had a bit of a problem admitting discomfort. And could you blame her, really? Taking care of other's was her job. It was what she did, and had done so for as long as she could remember. To her, her own comfort came last, and didn't matter as long as everyone she cherished was happy. But now, it felt as if no one needed her anymore. Yes, a part of her knew that wasn't true and her family still loved her as much as always, but still, the feeling of loneliness was there. "Bring ice cream please." Her friend requested, before the line went dead. Esme stared at the phone in her hand for a moment, before putting it back in its with a small sigh. This was becoming a problem. Visiting a friend every once in a while was all well and good, but the fact of the matter was that her feelings of restlessness and futility needed to be resolved, otherwise she'd end up going mad. Perhaps she was just going through her mid-life crisis? Did it also apply to Vampires? Pushing off the counter with yet another pitiful sigh (she'd been doing that a lot lately too, so much that even Carlisle was starting to notice and was giving her concerned looks), she made her way to the bedroom in order to make herself presentable. She couldn't very well visit someone in silk pyjamas and slippers after all. She found out a little later, standing in front of the Zeidan's open front door in a pair of blue capris, pink converse and a long-sleeved t-shirt that apparently she could visit someone in silk pyjamas. It wasn't as if Arsinoë would care at all, considering the fact that the girl was still in her own nightclothes (And weren't those the sweatpants Edward had been looking for just the other day?) –feet bare, eyes half-open and hair messy. Albeit, her purple hair was always untameable, but this time it was an obvious result of a bed head than anything else. Blinking a few times, Arsinoë grinned, stepping aside politely to let her in. "Morning Esme. Looking good as always." The caramel haired woman smiled back, and gave her a one armed hug, pressing her cheek against the younger female's warm one fondly, before letting go. "You flatter me Arsinoë dear." Esme replied, making the girl roll her eyes. " Sure." The sarcasm was palpable and Esme let out a giggle of amusement. "Come on then, I see you've brought the ice-cream. Much appreciated by the way." Arsinoë said, leading her to their familiar kitchen. "We have plenty, so it really is a pleasure." She answered honestly. Their freezer(s) at home were filled to the brim with iced goodies, since it was basically the only they could eat, and eat it they did . Popsicles and Iced-Lollies disappeared almost on an hourly basis, ice-cream tubs were grabbed and eaten in secret, frozen yogurt cups filled the trash can and don't even get her started on the flavoured ice-cubes! Feuds were started regularly because someone finished the last of another's favourite flavour. She even remembered one occasion of which Jasper and Edward hadn't spoken for a whole week because Edward had taken the last Raspberry iced-lolly. The tension between the two of them had been stifling. Honestly, Esme feared that if they weren't so well off, her family would have long run bankrupt from the amount of money spent of iced-goods monthly. "So, what do you want to do today?" Inquired Arsinoë, placing the ice cream in the freezer and rummaging through the drawers a moment before pulling out a medium sized wooden spoon. "We can watch something. Play video games. Gossip. Sit in silence and contemplate the meaning of one's own existence. The choices are endless, and since you're the guest, you get to choose." The girl declared, flashing her a humouring smile as she pulled out a large glass bowl from the cabinet. Esme paused to think a moment, swinging around in the counter stool she sat in. She could admit the reason she was here in the first place was because she didn't know what to do, and hadn't managed to find a solution either. Arsinoë was patient however, and waited coolly for her answer, casually extracting ingredients from various cupboards and occasionally venturing into the pantry, setting them down on the counter, bopping her head to the beat from the loud music in the living room that filled the house Esme wondered as she stared at the girl, as she made her way around the kitchen with the ease of familiarity, what it felt like to be so casually confident in one's self, because God knew she had forgotten what it was like