BACK AT AGAIN WITH MY BULLSHIT! Lol, this story concept has been bugging me for a while now, I couldn't resist writing it I'm sorry. So far its only two chapters, don't expect regular updates. Otherwise I hope you all like it! Fair warning, its unbeta'd ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Con crit is much appreciated! Much love :) I should have expected the endless rain from the moment the plane touched down in Seattle under stormy grey clouds and the heavy fog of the runway. I'd been clutching tightly at the arm rests throughout the whole descent, ignoring the amused glance my seating buddy -a middle-aged woman from Texas who'd been willing to give me her dessert and thus sparking lifelong companionship between the two of us- and praying fiercely. I'd never liked flying, despite the frequency with which I did it. I blamed my morbid fascination on too many episodes of Seconds From Disaster, and other such shows. Thankfully, we touched down quickly enough, with hardly any of the accompanying jostling that was caused by tires connecting with the runway, and as we disembarked, I'd only glanced up at the sky one last time before forgetting all about it. After exchanging numbers with my newfound friend, it had been going through security and customs and everything else that involved landing in a foreign country. The state of the weather had been the least of my priorities. My liaison met me holding a small whiteboard scrawled with Catalina Augustìn in hasty script and an excited smile on his freckled face. The accent in my surname was facing the wrong direction, but it wasn't enough to deter me from potential extraction. I was exhausted, and quite ready to been on my way. With my duffel bag over one shoulder, backpack on the other, and heavy Pikachu printed suitcase rolling along next to me, I dragged myself over to meet him, mustering up a tired smile. "That would be me." I said, gesturing at the sign wryly, and he jumped a little, having been faced in the other direction. He blinked a few times, before gracing me with a bright smile, hurriedly placing the board in the small basket of the trolley next to him. "It's great to meet you -well, in person that is. I'm Scott Walters, your liaison, and the guy you've been exchanging emails with for the better part of the month." He ended the introduction with a sheepish laugh, before moving to take my suitcase and place it on the trolley. I was more than happy enough to relinquish it. "Hello," I answered, my smile becoming more genuine. Soon we were on our way out the airport, and he handed me his umbrella when he saw the downpour waiting for us outside, but still I didn't suspect anything, too busy trying to pay attention to his excited ramblings about how him and the program were excited that I'd been willing to accept the position, and how they were looking forward to the results. English wasn't my first, nor even second language, and it worked better for me when people spoke slowly, which he wasn't exactly doing. Still, I caught the majority of it, and by the time we were settled into his humble Prius and had hit the highway, I'd been drawn into conversation. We both worked for an international nonprofit organization called Colors , that focused on spreading the Liberal Arts in schools all over the world -specifically in less privileged environments. It was my second and a half year as a Music teacher for them, and I'd joined as soon as I'd graduated from Berklee, Valencia (and an additional six month course at Academia Internacional de Música de Solsona). I'd been very lucky they'd taken me straight out of school. Scott however, was a veteran, having been a part since way back when it was just forming in 2002. He was a Philosophy teacher, which surprised me because he was just so happy . But he assured me that even he had his moments of grave existential angst, which caused me to laugh despite myself. Exhaustion however, pulled at my senses, and I was half asleep when we passed the great green sign that cheerily proclaimed "Welcome to Forks!" that seemed to be overcompensating with exclamation marks to distract from the utter dullness of the small town. Of course, upon being offered the posting, pictures had been attached, but I hadn't expected it to be so small, and as we passed a great big bear carving, rustic . I realized it hadn't stopped raining since we'd left the airport,in fact, the town only seemed darker and more dreary than anywhere else. Yet, its inhabitants (who all seemed to be pale skinned and sturdy) were undeterred, trudging through the puddles in gumboots and parkas, ignoring the downpour completely. I looked to Scott as we pulled over at a stoplight. "Is it always so...?" I asked hesitantly, to which he simply laughed. "Yes." Merde , I thought. I slumped further in my seat, and glanced at the rose-gold diamond ring on my finger. I recalled Matiás' warnings not to come, and wished now that I'd listened, though to be fair, his main reason had been that he hadn't wanted me gone for half a year, but technicalities. i'd been adamant however, because I knew that as soon as the wedding took place, my touring ways would be over, and I'd be forced to find a job closer to home. Just once more, I'd told him. One more time, and then I'd stop. But Dios , even if the sight of Forks was enough to discourage anyone, the job wasn't. I loved music, loved the sound, the feel of it, and I loved teaching it even more; sharing the experience with others, seeing the joy on their faces and happiness on even the most sullen was indescribable. How could Matiás expect me to give that up? It wasn't to say that Barcelona was terrible, or that I couldn't find a job there, but it just wouldn't be the same. I wanted to be excited for the next six months, to look forward to it, but as I glanced around, all l felt was gloom. My last posting would be spent in this depressing town, and I wanted to cry. Maybe I'd ask for a transfer, if it all got too much. "We're very grateful you accepted, this'll be the first time Forks High is getting an Exchange Teacher. We're hoping we'll be able to promote the school, encourage others you know?" Scott said, pushing the car into drive again when the light turned green, and then I started to feel guilty. Just a little. I tried to get a good look at the town, in an attempt to get a feel for its layout but it wasn't exact hard since the whole place was like two meters wide. I used the (only) petrol station as a landmark for the town center, mostly because there was nothing else distinctive enough to be used. Under normal circumstances, it would a least a bit worrisome, but one couldn't exactly get lost here. We pulled into the suburbs, all full of quaint, two story houses and large green yards between them, and we got a few stares as we drove past, until we seemed to leave the area altogether. Scott turned into a gravel road that lasted the duration of five minutes, before pulling into a complete stop in front of a two-story house much like the ones we'd seen earlier, only it was a faded red. There was a wooden porch, some flowers up front, and a chimney. It also had a very big yard, the forest looming darkly behind it. Nervously I looked to the man sitting next to me, "No apartment buildings in Forks?" I asked, only half joking, to which he winced. That was answer enough. He hurried to retrieve my things, and I followed behind him in trepidation, trying to imagine living in such seclusion all by myself. My imagination didn't come with anything reassuring. "Oh don't worry, Forks' literally the safest place ever, and no animals venture this close to town either. You'll be alright." The freckled man said as he pulled open the screen door and jammed the keys into the keyhole of the wooden door beyond. "I hope so," I muttered to myself, casting one last look around before following inside. I'd watched far too many American horror movies to feel entirely comfortable, and knew that come nighttime, everything would be locked down better than the Vatican. "The heating system can be a little problematic from time to time, old houses don't adapt well to technology, apparently-" here he laughed, placing my bags at the entrance, "-but we've prepared enough firewood in the shed to last you a year, and then some, so no worries for the winter at least. Everything else should be in working order, and if any problems arise, then you have my number." "Bedrooms are upstairs, the main one is the last door down the hall. There's a study, and a guest bedroom, and extra storage space below the stairs." He said gesturing to the place. It wasn't terrible, I decided immediately. The furnishings were nice, modern but not fancy, walls painted a serene blue-grey, and curtains thick and pretty, not to mention it was surprisingly spacious, an open plan layout that made the place seem bigger than it really was. The kitchen was through an archway on the left, and a carpeted stairwell led to the top floor. Wide windows and cherry wood floors, I actually found myself pleasantly surprised. "It is really nice." I told Scott, who was watching my reaction nervously. The man beamed, "Ah thank goodness, we did our best. I know it's not what you're used to but-" I shook my head, holding up my hands to stop him. "Really, it is great. I am looking forward to living here." He shifted awkwardly from foot to foot, "I was a bit concerned, you seemed more cheerful over the phone and, well I know Forks is a bit dull... " he and I winced in tandem. I chastised myself. Here I was, already bitching and moaning from the get go, while he and the organizers had done the most to make sure she was comfortable. I felt horrid. "I am sorry, I am not normally so," I made a vague gesture to myself, smiling wryly, and Scott, bless him, chuckled. "It is a bit of a...change, but, I am here for the kids, not the luxury. I volunteered, I am sticking to it. Please do not feel bad." Scott shrugged easily, "I get it. They sent me to Uganda once when I'd only ever worked in Europe, and well, it was different." He left it at that, causing me to laugh a little. "Anyway, the rest of your stuff should be here by tomorrow. Um, the house is already stocked with the basics, but you can request anything you think you need and housekeeping will come over every Sunday, starting next week. For now though, I think that's it. Questions?" He asked, to which I just smiled and shook my head. He cleared his throat, before heading over to the living room, "You know how to start a fire?" He asked, beckoning me over to the fireplace. "Uh..." Was my intelligent answer, to which he laughed loudly. "I'll teach you, watch. You'll need to know, it can get very cold here." He said sternly. "I cannot just call you over every time to start one for me?" I asked jokingly, to and he only laughed. Nonetheless, I paid close attention, knowing that I'd need to know it. I had zero experience in winter environments, all the places I'd lived in having been tropical, and I'd have been doomed had he not offered. Soon we had a merry blaze going, and