Hello Friends! Welcome to the new and improved Chasing Pavements! Or as its now called - Here's the Pencil, Make it Work. I stole the title and the first line of the summary from Richard Silken's amazing poem, "Litany, in Which Certain Things Are Crossed Out". You should check it out, its one of my favorites. I figured the title was fitting because this is a story about an OC given the opportunity to really rewrite the Twilight story in whichever way she wants to really, kind of like being given a blank book and a pencil, and being told to write whatever she wants. Lots of changes from the original (such as much better writing), but the overall plot is still the same. I hope you guys like it and its received well. No worries, the original will be finished, I haven't abandoned it, though I can't say when I'll be posting the last chapter, however I can say with certainty that Chapter 2 will be posted either today or tomorrow at the latest. Constructive criticism is very much welcome. Especially welcome. Review? "So how did it go?" "As well as it could've." I answered with a shrug. I felt heavy eyes on me, but ignored them in favour of calmly chopping the carrot I was working on for dinner. Lucianna sighed and flopped herself down on one of the kitchen stools by the counter, folding her arms and leaning forward to give me an intent look with her piercing green eyes. "So mostly positive?" She inquired, sounding vaguely hopeful, but I gave another shrug. "My dosage has been lowered, if that can be called positive." I answered, using the knife to slide the carrot slices from the chopping board into a bowl. My best-friend made a thoughtful sound in the back of her throat, "That's good." She decided eventually, before giving me a giant smile. "I'm proud of you." I couldn't help but return the smile, though mine was much more toned down than hers was. "Thank you." I said genuinely, moving to the fridge and extracting out a can of fresh cream. As I closed it, I remembered my psychologist's advice, " Keeping yourself surrounded by good vibes is the most important thing." She'd told me as she took notes on her clipboard, and I had no doubt that with Lucianna around to encourage me, I'd slowly but surely be able to stand on my feet again. Lucy was a God-send, and she had no idea just how much her friendship meant to me. Even in my darkest moments, she was always there to hold me up and support me, and for that I'd be eternally grateful. It was for that exact reason that I was currently making her favorite food for dinner, because my psyche results wouldn't be so positive if it wasn't for her. "When is your next appointment?" She asked, twirling red strands of hair around her finger. This time, my smile was uncontrolled. "In two weeks." I told her, pouring in the cream on the veggies that had been lightly frying in the pot. To any other person, the statement wouldn't mean much, but having my sessions moved from once every week to once every fortnight was a victory that I wouldn't have even imagined six months ago. "I think we should celebrate this, you've done so good!" She praised, clapping her hands delightedly. I snorted, mixing the contents of the pot and adding in the carrots. "I'm just glad everyone will get off my back a little." I said honestly, covering it and walking to the sink. Lucy gave me a frown of disapproval, "Can you blame them, Arsinoë? We were all worried. You were at the doors of death -literally." She said grimly. Immediately, her words made my shoulders slump and I rubbed my arm self-consciously. I realized that while I hadn't been very...stable, it hadn't been that bad. I was just in a bad place, and not doing so well, but I hadn't been suicidal. Yet , a voice deep within me whispered. She sighed, "Well, all that's done now. The most important thing is that you're okay." Her tone wasn't as light as it had previously been, but she forced a smile, "I propose a Twilight marathon in celebration" I grimaced, "Really?" I huffed with a playful eyeroll. I forced myself to go back to normal, to not let my solemn thoughts affect my mood. Good vibes. The redhead laughed, "Yes!" She exclaimed easily, "We can swoon over Edward and insult Bella over good food and ice-cream. It's perfect." She stated with an air of finality that dictated I'd have no choice in the decision. I giggled at the prospect, already imagining her angry insults at the Heroine, made all the more amusing because of the fact that her already heavy native Irish accent only deepened when she was miffed. Lucianna absolutely loathed Bella Swan with a passion that was almost scary. According to my best-friend, the girl was an insult to Feminists everywhere, not to mention a selfish immature girl who only cared for herself. Honestly, I did agree, but I was mostly removed from the whole Twilight fandom altogether. I'd read the books at Lucy's incessant whining for me to do it, and while I did enjoy them, they didn't leave any long-standing impression. The secondary characters were all interesting, as well as their world as a whole, but considering it was all about Bella, they hadn't been shown much and thus I hadn't become very invested. To be sure, like most females out there, I'd fallen for the charms of Edward Cullen and his whole persona, and attractiveness aside, he /was/ an interesting character, one of my favorites really. Nonetheless, I wasn't a die-hard fan like my best friend was. "Watching that series isn't good for your blood pressure." I warned her, setting up the rice cooker. She shrugged, "What's life without a little risk?" She asked, a red brow raised at me, and I snorted. So it was decided then, and a little while later found us tangled together on my couch, a blanket on our laps and a shared bowl of dinner between us as we watched little Bella Swan leave her home nest for dreary old forks. "Do you ever wonder if she had family, like aside from the members mentioned in the books?" I asked Lucy, spooning some vegetables for myself. My best-friend hummed thoughtfully, "I've never really thought about it, but now that you mention it...Is it really possible for both of her parents to not have at least some extended family? How were they that secluded?" She asked. I chewed thoughtfully, watching as the character in question hugged her mother farewell, "Its weird isn't it? Just how little we know of the main protagonist. I think I'd have liked her more if I actually knew a little about her, but she's kind of just a blank slate." Lucy nodded as she nibbled on a chicken strip. "That's my problem with her mostly, how utterly boring she is. It gets boring after a while really." "In her defense, she's a lot better in the books. I think the directors just didn't know how to deal with her." I said, gesturing to the brown haired girl on the screen pointedly, but all my Lucy did was shake her head. "There's only so much one can do when given a half-dead teenage girl and told to bring her to life." She drawled, rolling her eyes. I snorted, taking some chicken for myself. "You're so mean." "I'm not! Anyone would be better than bloody Isabella Swan, heck, even Lauren . At least she has some personality." The red-head stressed, waving a tattooed hand in my face passionately. Carefully I caught it before it could wack me in the face and potentially knock me out. "You're biased." I declared with a huff of amusement, shifting the precariously balanced dish on our legs. "Lauren is one of your favorite characters in the series, of course your think she'd be better." "Okay, well, how about you?" Lucy proposed, and both brows rose. "I think I'd be much worse, Lucy." I said slowly, because at least Bella was a fully functioning human being most days it took all my efforts to get out of bed in the morning. But clearly the green eyed girl next to me disagreed, judging by the way she shook her head and made a sound of protest, "Definitely not. In fact, I think you'd be perfect. You're smart, you're strong, you're kind, you're-" "-a mess." "You're strong ." She repeated, glaring at me straight in the eye, just daring me to disagree. "Whatever you say, friend." Was my disbelieving answer, before I spooned some more rice for myself. Beside me, Lucy had all but abandoned the food, making a thoughtful sound, spoon resting lightly on her chin. "I think Bella's life would be good for you." She said, and I almost choked on my food from laughter. "You think enduring constant danger and heartache would be good for me?" I asked once I'd swallowed, chuckling at thr absurdity of her words, but all Lucy did was scoff. "I think Edward would be good for you." She corrected, and I rolled my eyes, putting the food on the coffee table amd getting up, heading to the kitchen for the kitchen for something to drink. "I'm serious!" She called, but I ignored her, extracting two bottles of pomegranate vitamin water from the fridge, and after a moment I also picked up my iPad from the counter. I sat back down on the couch, opening one bottle and held the other out to her but she didn't notice. "He's so kind and charming and smart and-" "-fake?" "Can you not interrupt me?" "Sorry." "And he also needs a bit of help, I think." She finished reaching for the bowl of food again and I watched quietly sipping at my drink. "You'd be good for him." She declared, shoving rice into her mouth. I doubted it, but in an attempt to keep the peace, I simply shrugged, "Sure, I guess." Was my noncommittal reply, "He's still a fictional character though, so in the end the point is -what's the English word?- moot." "Now," I started, lifting my tablet so she could see, "I've got this paper I need help with and-" "-Arsinoë?" She broke in, and I paused, blinking at her. "Now you're the one interrupting me." I pointed out. Lucy smiled, "Can I tell you a secret?" She asked, as if she hasn't heard me. I gave her a wary look, because I didn't trust her expression, but she was still my best-friend, so after a moment I nodded. "You can tell me anything." I told her honestly. Her smiled widened and her grass green eyes twinkled with mischief, "The point really isn't moot." The next thing I knew, I was standing in an only vaguely familiar bedroom, a tablet in one hand and a bottle of vitamin water in another, with no idea, just how the fuck I'd gotten here. It was a nice enough room in itself, or well, more than just nice' really, if I was being honest. It looked like something out of a home décor magazine, as if an interior designer had come to work on it themselves. The walls were painted a lovely beige, the floors lain with big white square tiles with a plush rug at the foot of the fancily made king size bed with two bedside tables on each side, a stereo on one and a lamp on the other. The bed was situated directly across from a large redish-brown wardrobe and there was a double door made of flower patterned stained glass, which led to a medium sized balcony outside, and a desk and white leather chair were positioned a little ways away, obviously placed there