Chapter One: Two is Always Better Than One (Edward POV) A moan escaped her lips as she clutched the side of the bed. Edward glanced down in horror at his wife as her groans continued. He was helpless. It was his fault she was suffering. All he could do was hold her face in his cool hands and mutter useless words of comfort. "Bella," he pleaded as he watched his wife's eyes flutter. "Please, just keep your eyes open." He knew he should have ended the monster's life. How did he let it get this far? It was delusional to believe that Bella would survive this. Her body spent the past few months being tortured from the inside out. He watched her attempt to hold her gaze. Purple tinted her under eyes, and sweat gathered on her face. Bella could see the plea in his eyes. The internal begging he had ever since she discovered she was pregnant. Despite her constant fights with him, she couldn't seem to change his mind. There was a brief period in which Edward was excited. She tried to hold that memory in her mind. The look on his face when he first heard their baby's thoughts. Now, she saw nothing in his eyes but hatred. He wanted to rip her open only to destroy what was killing her. She needed more time. The baby is coming early. She isn't ready yet for him. She had to make sure everything was ready. She would ensure her baby will live, even if it meant her own life. "You are going to be okay," she stroked her extended stomach. She couldn't stop the tears rolling down her cheeks. "You are going to be safe," Rosalie would protect him, and she was sure on day Edward would grow to love him. She hoped the baby could be strong; he would need to be. She prayed that Edward wouldn't hold it against him that she had to die so their child could live. ' Everything is fine, everything will be fine, ' her mind repeated the words as her vision steadily lost focus. Bella knew her baby wouldn't be that blonde boy in her dreams. No, he would be the perfect combination between her and Edward. He would have Edward's beautiful green eyes, and maybe even his bronze hair. Their baby wasn't a murder. She let her thoughts delve on her child as the darkness overtook her. It was a searing pain that caused her body to thrust up. It was as if someone was slicing through her with a knife. She tried to scream, but nothing escaped her throat. Tears flooded her eyes, and she felt the cool hands of Edward. She heard muffled apologetic words, followed by light pecks before the pain continued. "Just…. Get…. Him…. Out" At this point she was begging. She wasn't sure how much her body could handle. She was only human after all. She clung to reality as her own body fought her. The cries of a child dulled the pain. It was her child, her baby boy. She couldn't help but give a laugh. She did it. She saved her baby. "I want to hold him," she breathed, trying to grasp the bundle of cloth in Edward's arms. Her arms froze, outstretched when she realized that it was two bundles of cloth. She watched as Edward placed them both in her arms. Even if she wasn't going to be there for them, they would always have each other. "Well you were only half right," Edward kissed Bella. "One is a girl and one is a boy." Bella hummed as she looked over her twins. "Luckily we have both a girl and boy name. My little Renesmee Carlie and Edward Jacob," she paused. "Edward Jacob David." "David?" Edward stroked his son's head. David was Edward's best friend in his human life. "He would have been honored." They were the definition of perfect. They both had creamy ivory skin, and straight white teeth. She had never seen a half-vampire child, but she understood the attraction to them. Even as children they were beautiful. There was something alluring about them. She tried to push down the fear she felt for when the Volturi finds out. She wanted to hold them forever, to always be able to protect them. However, it was short-lived. The room quickly became distorted. No, it was too soon. She barely had the chance to remember their faces. She tried to blink the black speckles away. Edward sensed the change and he tried to pull them from her arms. "Rosalie!" He cried. "No!" Bella screamed and she tightened her numb arms around her children. Nobody was going to take them away from her. "Please, no," she couldn't hang on. She gave them once last look as her consciousness faded. Edward pried the babies from Bella's lifeless body. Rosalie waited in the background eagerly for the babies. Edward placed Renesmee in her arms, and watched as Rosalie whisked her away. He picked up David, allowing for Jacob to step in for CPR. He stared down at his son. The mahogany colored hair patched across his head only made Edward hate him more. He looked too much like Bella. "Just give him here," Rosalie held her arms out. The baby opened his eyes at her voice. His jaw locked as green eyes connected with his. "Edward!" Rosalie called again, and Edward shifted his glare to her. "Give me him and help Bella." Edward looked back over to his Bella. She laid there, Jacob standing over her. Jacob frantically looked between her and him as his hands pounded into her chest. "Fine," he placed the child in Rosalie's arms. She looked relieved, not for Bella's sake but for the baby. He could see her trying to mask the joy she was feeling. In a sense he felt glad. He wasn't sure if he could look at them without thinking of how they killed the woman he loved. Rosalie always wanted to be a mother and now she had the chance. "Shh," he heard her coddle them from the other room. "I am here, it is okay." Edward felt sick at the words. (David's POV) Edward Jacob David Cullen. The name grated his nerves each time it was repeated. He was named after his father, and after the Renesmee-obsessed werewolf. The David part he didn't mind. It wasn't used or claimed, nor an abbreviation of two other people's. He could be his own person. At that point he decided that would be his name. He smiled at the thought. It was his first decision at two days old. "I think he is growing before my eyes," Rosalie held him up to Carlisle. "I swear he was smaller a few seconds ago." Carlisle glanced him, and began scribbling on his clipboard. David had never seen him without it. Every time he or Renesmee did anything Carlisle was always there to document it. He would stare at them, tapping his pen against his pants, waiting for something. "Perhaps we should measure him and see." David wanted to cry. His whole day was spent being measured and weighed. He tried to pucker out his lip towards Rosalie. "Don't give me that look, I can't help it. You and your sister aren't growing the same," she kissed him on the forehead before handing him off to Carlisle. Her words were true, yet they did not save him from Carlisle's endless test. Renesmee simply grew slower physically. They were both two days old but didn't physically look like twins. Renesmee looked like a baby. She had to be held, nurtured as anyone would do for her size. She didn't look older than a few months. David, however, didn't need to be held. Carlisle placed him on the floor, bringing up the measuring tape. Rosalie leaned over him, trying to get a look herself. "He is about the size of a two year old," Carlisle's words were laced with fear. "So he is getting bigger," Rosalie yanked David up, her arms wrapping tightly around him. "What can we do?" "I am not sure," Carlisle scribbled down the new height. "I have never seen a case of half-vampire children. Clearly there are two different factors playing into it. All we can do is more tests." David was tired of tests. He was tired of being told that he was growing. All he wanted was to play outside without anyone of the Cullens' fearing he would leave a toddler and come back a child. "EJ," Rosalie sighed, "you are almost grown out of all of your clothes." She tugged on his shirt, trying to calm herself. Alice danced across the room, appearing behind Rosalie. "I suppose that would mean we get to shop, and you get to come along EJ" Alice smiled at the thought of a shopping trip. All he has seen her do these past two days was carry an armful of bags stuffed with clothes. "Rosalie," David murmured, pulling himself closer to her. "I don't like that." "Like what? Shopping?" Her hand subconsciously fixed his hair. "No, my name. I don't like it when you call me that." Rosalie's hand fell from his head. She tilted his chin upwards, forcing his eyes to connect with hers. "Well then," She kissed his nose, "what would you like to be called?" He knew he could win her over. She would do anything for him and Renesmee. "David," he beamed at her. She was all too easy. "David? Huh, well I don't blame you for not wanting to be named after a dog," Rosalie gave Jacob a side glare, to which Jacob rolled his eyes. Jacob had changed over the past two days. David watched his arms carefully curled around the small form of his sister. He nestled Renesmee close to him, as her hand lazily rested on his cheek. Thier eyes both bore into each others, as Renesmee showed him her thoughts. Jacob was once a man who sought revenge for the suffering Bella withstood, but now he only looked upon them with love. Well, Renesmee at least. He truly loved her. It wasn't the mushy romantic love that David saw on television, it lacked any form of lust. Rather it was compassion. A deeper understanding was created between the two of them, almost an instant friendship. Renesmee tried to explain to David the ideas of imprinting. How it has the ability to bond two souls together as one. David shrugged it all off. Yet, he couldn't help but crave what Renesmee had. He was jealous of them. David knew that he and Renesmee would always have that special connection from being twins, but her connection with Jacob would always be deeper. His thoughts were broken when Jacob quickly stood up. His grip on Renesmee tightening, as his eyes locked on the front door. David followed, trying to peer over Rosalie. Jacob's eyes shifted towards Rosalie. His brows drew together and David could see the concern filling his eyes. "Bella?" Rosalie asked, yet her question seemed more like a statement. Jacob kissed Renesmee's forehead before handing her off to Esme. David looked up at Rosalie. He could see the sadness in her eyes, as she kissed his head. She snuggled him closer to her chest, and he laid his head against her. She had to be sad. His mother lived, and she lost the chance to have the children she always craved. "It's okay," David mumbled against her chest, "I still love you." He tried to wrap his arms around her. Rosalie gave him a light laugh. He was sure, if she could, that she would be crying. Her voice was broken as she soothed him. These past few days, all Rosalie wanted to do was hold him, and David let her. She didn't get many opportunities to hold Renesmee once Jacob imprinted. David, however, she could constantly have, and he let