Disclaimer: We don't own the world or certain of its inhabitants. Theyare the property of the Tolkien Estate and were created by the Great Master. Other personages we do own...or they own us; we have not yet decided which. On Rare Occasions by Dragon-of-the-north and TreeHugger Chapter 1 – Decisive Duels The sword I held was a good blade, light and supple, forged not for war or for serious fights, but meant to be used in mock duels, fancy displays of skill and grace that I had taken part in often in another time, another life, under the vaults of a cave palace, before a golden-haired king and his court. This was something I knew well, even something I had always excelled at, and I tried to draw some measure of comfort from the notion that this was a familiar situation. It was, yet it was not; for this was not Nargothrond, but Mirkwood, and Thranduil Oropherion, not Finrod or Orodreth, had taken a seat on the dais now, watching me like some woodland animal waiting for the right moment to attack its prey. No, this was not what I knew, or rather what I had known in better days, before the long, dark night of my current undesirable existence had begun. It did not help to know that I would not fight for the sheer enjoyment of it, for the honour of winning or for a dainty wreath of flowers from the lady Finduilas' hands – my own hand was at stake, and more than that, my freedom, my future, my fate... This might actually have been an incentive, forcing me to use all knowledge of swordsmanship I possessed to impress the king and to win over the other spectators who were entering the throne room of Gladaran Thamas one by one now, and had this been all, I would have been sure of myself and my ability to move this fine blade swiftly and with deadly precision. But the second sword, long and elegant and so very similar to the one I had chosen, was not held by just any opponent. Neither would I have to face Gwindor, Eliant, my father or any other of the excellent swordsmen I had known at Nargothrond who would have anticipated this lovely dance of blades, nor a random warrior of the woodland realm ready to do anything not to let a filthy thief, a repeat offender, a mere nothing win. Standing a few steps away from me, awkwardly clutching the weapon that was not his chosen one, but had been forced into his reluctant hand by a malevolent king, was Tanglinna, not looking like a silver peacock at all at this point, but about as uncomfortable with our current situation as I felt. "No...second thoughts, Alagaerion?" a polite, yet sarcastic voice enquired from the height of the throne; the smile accompanying the question was as pleased as enigmatic, going very well with the image of a self-assured ruler who would not disclose whatever plans he was making, but only move us like the pieces in one of the board games Alagant so loved to play. Alagant... It was decidedly not a good thing to think about my son just now! "No, my king," I answered, inclining my head a little in a most humble gesture that allowed me to evade the king's gaze; I did not want him to read in my face that I did doubt whether I had done the right thing. I had been aware that coming to Mirkwood in the hope of being able to start a new life was bold, and I had expected distrust, severe punishment, even refusal – but how could I have foreseen that I would be asked to fight against a friend, a good friend even? Perhaps I managed to hide these thoughts; perhaps not, but I could not know this, for even if the king could read me, which I was not sure of, I certainly did not know how to interpret his unchanging smile that would not even leave his face when his gaze shifted to the doorway, acknowledging the presence of his queen and his children who entered the room now, Firithiel swiftly moving to sit by her husband's side, her eyes coldly studying Tanglinna and me. Unlike her children, who seated themselves as well now, looking somewhat bemused at best, the queen did seem to have at least a vague idea of what was happening; she bent to whisper something to her husband, whose smile only widened. "All will be told momentarily, my lady. We are merely awaiting the others," he said, a negligent wave of his hand accompanying those words, as if he was enjoying his game far too much. It did not please me to see that he played it even against his own wife; I would have to be very careful. Alas, I could not even hope to find an ally against him; the queen did not seem to be one of those kind and gentle ladies who will easily pity even the worst villains. Although she was visibly displeased by her husband's secrecy, her eyes narrowed as she gazed at me again, probably only too well aware who and what I was. Tales of the wicked one-eyed thief who had been caught stealing on the battlefield had certainly reached her, and she obviously disapproved of what I had done.... And 'disapproved' may be yet too gentle a word! Admittedly, this would not have surprised me quite that much had I already known then that the captain whose cloak I had tried to steal had been a good friend of hers, to say the very least. An either somewhat insane or very malicious king, a cold, displeased queen, further witnesses who would not look upon the allegedly repentant robber of the dead more kindly than their rulers, who set the example, did.... Things could hardly get any worse, and for a moment, I felt tempted to tell them that I would not fight this duel, but then, my eye came to rest upon Tanglinna again. I could not spoil all the efforts he had made by giving up now! Had I not told myself often enough that there was still hope... or at least something like hope? I only had to believe it, and then all would be well.... However, there was not much hope in regard to Tanglinna's swordsmanship, or so it would seem. He was fiddling with his weapon now, gripping the handle a bit too tightly, as if he planned to balance his lack of experience with a blade with sheer strength. I could have told him that this would not work, not with these delicate swords, but I was not sure if we were supposed to exchange any words before the fight, and so, I kept my mouth shut. Tanglinna's gaze met mine, though. The brave smile he attempted was not entirely convincing; the desperate sigh accompanying it was far more heartfelt and genuine. In a way, his situation was worse than mine indeed. I had little more than a hand to lose and was but a stranger to these Wood- elves; Mordil, in turn, was at home here, and his livelihood, the respect he enjoyed, all happiness that he could still find in a life apart from that those he had loved most which had been taken depended on the king's benevolence. There was more at stake for him than for me, even if it could have seemed otherwise. I tried to return his smile, but his eyes had already moved away again to rest upon the blade in his hand, the weapon he would have to raise against me at his king's behest.... His grip around the handle was still painfully tight, almost clumsy, and I wondered if I could demonstrate to him how to hold it properly without being too obvious. I would have to give him some sign once he looked up again and did not stare at his sword any more as if it were a foul enemy.... I was momentarily distracted by the arrival of Ecthelhador, who had been sent away by the king earlier and entered the room followed by four other elves now. Two of them were clad like warriors and obviously engaged in a muffled conversation that they only interrupted to greet their king and queen. The remaining two – yet another warrior and a lady of almost regal bearing – managed to hold my attention for a longer moment; some things were very remarkable about them. It was not only that they resembled each other like close relatives, mother and son, perhaps, and that they were dressed in matching shades of pale violet as if to emphasize these similarity of looks. They were not random Wood-elven courtiers; had the shape of their fair faces not been enough to let me suspect anything, the cut of their garments would have told me that they were Noldorin elves. This was what I saw, but what caught my interest first was rather what I heard the lady say, more precisely, not what she said, but which language she used. She spoke Quenya, but not just any Quenya, not the dry language of learned, bored and boring loremasters, but not the forced Quenya of proud Noldor unwilling to admit that they knew Sindarin better, either. Hers was a beautiful language, the ripple of water in an exquisitely crafted fountain, fluent and natural, yet gently tamed by culture and put to good use, the pure, clear Quenya of fair Tirion, the language my mother had spoken and enjoyed to speak before an untimely death had taken her from me when I had still been an elfling. I fought down a smile of odd nostalgia and decided to see the unknown lady's presence as a good sign, especially as she was just remarking something I could only agree with: "And how very quaint to choose Tanglinna for this fight! That Silvan is not a swordsman at all!" Then, piercing grey eyes moved to survey me, and I risked tipping my head at the lady, who did not respond, but seemed pleased enough to have been thus acknowledged before she looked away again. Gazing back at Tanglinna, I was glad to find that he was looking at me, although he was frowning a little; I hoped that this was only a sign of his general unease and did not signify that I had done anything wrong in greeting the Noldorin lady! Remembering what I had wanted to do, I glanced at his hand rather pointedly, shaking my head slightly enough to let it pass for an unconscious movement if anybody else noticed it and trying to demonstrate how he should hold his sword. I dared not be too obvious. The two warrior elves who had entered the throne room with Ecthelhador and the Noldor were studying us with interest, and I would have loved to understand the whispered remarks they were exchanging; but they knew how to keep their voices low. For a moment, I feared that my subtle hints failed to reach their intended recipient; Tanglinna frowned yet again, but then – finally! – he seemed to realize what I was trying to point out to him. It cost him a visible struggle to relax his grip on the hilt a little, but he nodded and smiled his thanks to me. I tried to return his smile, making mine one of encouragement and confidence, but I fear I failed quite miserably. It was not only that entirely too much depended on this duel's outcome; I also feared the fight itself. There is an old saying that what it takes to bring down a master swordsman is an opponent who has never held a blade before, and while this statement may be an exaggeration, it does contain at least one truth. An ill-trained swordsman can be a difficult