A/N: First of all, a big thank you to everyone who encouraged me to post this sequel to "Pass the Dorwinion" and "Welcome to Imladris". You guys know who you are – it's due to you that I posted this story now and not, say, several months from now. This is the last instalment of my little "Young Lords" mini-trilogy, although it can stand alone, and I hope that it lives up to your expectations. I admit that I am no expert on Tolkien's world, so this story could be AU. However, just like my previous stories, I think it's possible that this could have happened. If you find any inaccuracies, let me know and I will try to fix them. And I'll see you at the end! The Greenwood Experience They were lost. Not three hours had passed since they had ridden through the gates of Oropher's fortress, and already they were lost. Elrond just could not understand it. After all, he had Glorfindel and Erestor with him, one of whom had an infallible sense of direction, and the other who could decipher any sort of map or markings. Why Oropher had to live in a series of underground caverns and tunnels Elrond just did not understand. Would it have killed the older elf to build a perfectly nice, normal, functional, above-ground home? You know, something lit by sunlight, and not just candles and torches? Besides, it wasn't as if they had not tried to ask for help. After Thranduil's pithy greeting, the Wood-Elf Prince had obligingly drawn them a map of the main corridors and rooms. But apparently this dwelling was far more complicated than Elrond had foreseen. He had tried vainly to make sense of the map, but the chaotic mess of lines, squiggles, and scrawled details failed to make any sort of sense to him. Tunnels overlapped one another, with numerous twists and turns. In defeat, Elrond had given the map to Erestor, who had only recently realized that he had been holding it upside-down. The three visitors from Imladris blamed their troubles, naturally, on the poor quality of Prince Thranduil's drawing. "Maybe we should just ask someone", sighed Erestor, glancing surreptitiously at the elves strolling through the halls. "No! Are you crazy?" Glorfindel hissed. "We will not ask these – these – Wood-Elves for directions!" Elrond rolled his eyes, then glanced down a corridor. "Wait!" He flung out his hand, stopping his two companions. "Is that the main entrance?" They peered down the corridor, and were greeted by the sight of the large stone doors in the act of opening. "Just wonderful", huffed Glorfindel bad-temperedly. "We are back where we started!" Elrond ignored him and strode confidently out into the hall, trailed by his two friends. He was soon approached by Prince Thranduil, who had been talking to some of the guards. The Prince raised an eyebrow at their appearance. "I thought you had gone to look over your quarters", he said. "We have found them most satisfactory", Elrond replied, lying through his teeth. The other elf gave a slight nod, before gesturing at the doors. "Your timing is good. I just came to greet a mutual acquaintance of ours. He will be staying for three nights as well." Elrond opened his mouth to enquire as to the identity of the visitor, when suddenly a figure dressed all in grey appeared at his side. "Prince Thranduil! Lord Elrond !" A young elf was gazing up at both of them with breathless admiration. The half-elf fought an intense urge to sigh, and forced a warm smile. "A pleasure to see you again, Galdor of the Havens", he greeted. The other elf was practically bouncing with excitement. "When Cirdan told me I had received an invitation to the Greenwood, I did not know that you would be here too, Lord Elrond!" "Yes", the Prince remarked with an ironic twist of his mouth. "It was my father's doing, I assure you. He seems to think that I enjoyed myself far too much at Imladris, and he thought to repay the favour by inviting everyone here." Elrond knew that Thranduil would never have asked them to come of his own volition, and he had suspected Oropher of having a hand in it. Indeed, Thranduil's written invitation had been so cursory, it was almost rude. "Where shall we go first?" asked Galdor enthusiastically, looked around the hall with eyes the size of teacups. "Yes, Prince", Glorfindel said merrily, coming up with Erestor at his side. "Why don't you give us all a tour?" Thranduil's face twitched at hearing Glorfindel's voice, and Elrond knew that the Wood-Elf was doing all in his power to keep from throttling the seneschal. From his sour expression, Elrond knew that the Prince had several more important things to do than give his four guests a tour, but common courtesy held sway. "What would you like to see?" Thranduil asked with artificial cordiality. Elrond, Erestor, and Galdor were all cut off in their replies by – who else? – Glorfindel. "The dungeons!" the blond warrior enthused. Galdor's jaw dropped several inches. "There are dungeons here?" he squeaked. "Of course not", Elrond snorted, shooting an admonishing glance at Glorfindel for fooling the young Haven elf. "It is merely a rumour. Did you really think that Lord Oropher would have dungeons in his home?" But Elrond noticed suddenly that the other elves were staring at the Prince, who had a most peculiar expression on his face. "Well… um… actually…" Thranduil muttered, ears going slightly pink. "So the rumours are true", murmured Erestor, eyes twinkling. The Wood-Elf nodded, and heaved a long-suffering sigh. "Very well. Follow me." XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX "You idiot!" Glorfindel roared, practically tearing his hair out in his fury. "What do you mean, we're locked in ?" "I told you!" Thranduil shouted back, green eyes flashing dangerously. "We hardly ever use these cells. Besides, it was your brilliant idea to actually go inside this thing!" "It's not like I locked the door behind us!" the blond warrior was yelling, gesticulating wildly with his hands. Erestor deftly ducked one of his flailing arms, but Galdor was not so quick, catching a blow full in the face. "Quiet!" Elrond said sharply, and the two blond elves fell silent, fuming at each other across the cell. Galdor was rubbing his cheek ruefully. "The door closed by accident, and now we are locked in", Elrond summarised with forced calm. "We can simply call for help." "Did you not hear what I said?" Thranduil snapped, his blazing eyes not leaving Glorfindel for a second. "We hardly use these cells. Almost nobody comes down here. A patrol scours the entire fortress at dawn and dusk, but not a soul otherwise." " Wonderful ", Glorfindel responded furiously. "Absolutely wonderful. You mean we're stuck in here until sunset?" Elrond sank down onto the ground, leaning his head back against the cool stone. "We may as well figure out something to pass the time, then", he wearily said, massaging his throbbing temples. "Any suggestions?" "Why don't we tell jokes?" Galdor asked innocently. Thranduil shot the younger elf a very annoyed look. "Is this really the time?" he demanded, hand twitching towards his knives. Thankfully he did not draw them, although it must have been a very near thing. Glorfindel scowled darkly. "Do you have something better to do?" he shot at the Prince, irritation plain on his face. Thranduil opened his mouth to give a withering reply, but was unexpectedly interrupted: "What is black and white and red?" The other elves turned to stare at Erestor, who looked back at them all serenely. Elrond cleared his throat. "Er – Pardon?" "It is a joke", the councillor patiently explained. "What is black and white and red?" The elves were silent for a moment, considering the question. Elrond frowned in thought. Black and white and red… Then Prince Thranduil's head jerked up in sudden realization. "A spider!" he said triumphantly. "Spiders are only black", Glorfindel snorted, rolling his eyes. "Colour-blind Wood-Elf", he added in an undertone that was missed by no one. The Prince whipped his head around to glare angrily at the blond warrior. "Have you ever seen the inside of one?" he asked acerbically, and Elrond hid a smile. "What is white inside a spider?" Galdor wondered, brow furrowing in thought. Erestor, apparently intent on averting all arguments, said hurriedly, "It is not a spider." Elrond scratched his head. "A badger with a rash?" he guessed. "No, my Lord. I'm afraid not." "I know!" Glorfindel exclaimed, stabbing a finger into the air. "It is Elrond when he gets angry!" What? The half-elf turned to frown at his seneschal. Erestor evidently decided that it was time to stop the offensive comments. "Actually, it is a scroll", he said. "Black – the ink. And white – the paper. And read ." The four other elves looked cluelessly at one another, then Elrond closed his eyes and leaned back against the wall in realization. "Ah…" Glorfindel snorted with laughter. "Trust Erestor to come up with a scroll joke", he chortled. "Who goes next?" Galdor asked excitedly. Elrond decided to take the plunge. "I have one", he said, and Glorfindel and Erestor looked at him in mild surprise. "What do you call a hundred Dwarves chained together at the bottom of the sea?" The other elves frowned and looked around the room for inspiration, but eventually conceded defeat. "What?" Galdor asked finally, blue eyes wide. Elrond grinned. "A good start." Glorfindel let out a spontaneous bark of laughter. "I never knew that you could be so cruel", he teased. "You are the one who is always talking about respecting other races, my Lord", Erestor said, nodding his agreement. Elrond waved his hand dismissively. "If you do not know any Dwarf jokes", he declared, eyes twinkling, "Then you are no Elf." From where he leaned against the wall, Thranduil raised his hand. "I will share a Dwarf joke, then", he said, quirking an eyebrow. "Let me see… a Dwarf, an Elf, and a Ranger are in a boat in the middle of a lake, and it sinks. The shore is a mile away. The Ranger swims a quarter-mile, gets tired, and drowns. The Elf swims a half-mile, gets tired, and drowns. The Dwarf swims three quarters of a mile, gets tired, swims back, and drowns." The other elves burst into laughter, with Galdor rolling on the ground in mirth. "I like it!" Glorfindel admitted, before realizing his mistake in complimenting the Prince. "Except for the Dwarf swimming further than the elf", he added hastily. Galdor sat up, face red from laughing. "My turn, then!" he said gleefully. "How do you make a Dwarf laugh on yestarë? Tell him a joke on mettarë!" Erestor rolled his eyes eloquently. "As long as we are on the subject of Dwarf jokes, I may as well contribute one", he said resignedly. "How do you get a Dwarf out of a tree? Wave." "I have never seen a Dwarf in a tree", the Prince reflected, but shut up when Glorfindel sent a ferocious glare his way. "My turn?" the blond warrior said once he was sure that Thranduil was not going to say anything more. "All right, then… What do you have when a Dwarf is buried up to his neck in snow? Not enough snow." Not about to be outdone, Thranduil spoke up. "How about this one: how do you save a drowning Dwarf? Take your foot off his head." Elrond caught Erestor's eye, and the two dark-haired elves nodded in silent agreement. This was turning into some sort of ridiculous "dwarf joke" competition. Couldn't Glorfindel and Thranduil do anything without changing it into a contest of some sort? It seemed not. "Here is another", Glorfindel declared before any of the other elves could utter a word. "Why is a Dwarf's brain the size of an acorn in the morning? Because it swells during the night."