Romance/Humor Edward/Bella Summary: Isabella Marie is every guy's fantasy: liberal, rocker, sexy, gorgeous. But there's something about this girl that the whole world doesn't bother to actually know about. When Edward Cullen transferred to her school, he became the most popular guy. He instantly notices Isabella. She seems to be his dream girl – physically at least. But he hates all the other things about her. He hates that she easily gives herself to any guy and that she acts like a slut. You see, Edward's dream girl is someone shy and virtuous. Their opinions always collide and they both started bickering. But after much surveillance, Edward notices changes in Isabella. She seems to be not actually the person she portrays. He started being intrigued about her and observes her. Will he be able to bring out the real Isabella? Or, better yet, is there really even a "Bella" residing inside of her? Is she actually wearing a mask? What has rumours got to do with her life? Chapter 1: Everything I love and Hate EPOV I am in a noisy canteen with curious students sitting with me on a crowded table, pressing questions about how much I was liking Seattle so far, with girls practically shoving their chests in front of me. Yes, my life sucks. Other males would kill to be in my spot, I know, but I'm just not that type of a person. I'm not one who seeks attention and who thinks too fortunate and highly of himself to have girls basically stalk him every day. If there is anyone in this world who I'd be really interested to, I'd like to think of her as opposite to all these girls clinging onto my every move. She will be introvert because she is mature; quiet; thoughtful; simple; shy, and; oblivious to the fame that embraces me or the things that people "like" about me. I know these girls are only after me because of my family's money. They say I look good. I'm not so sure myself. My ideal person would be one whose not really girly; who is practical and doesn't care if she wears shirt and jeans in going to school; one who finds nothing wrong in walking with a book in front of her nose all day; who knows how to take care of people; who knows household stuffs because she is responsible; who doesn't want to attract attention; who doesn't care if she wears make-up; who doesn't care if she stumbles on a sidewalk, and; most importantly, who values her chastity, morale and virtuosity more than anything else, dreaming of only really giving herself to the other after marriage. Yup, I'm that type of a person – old-fashioned as others word it. And if I could really find that girl and be with her, I'd die a happy man with a full smile on my face (not the crooked smile I wear all the time). But, of course, I have not met her yet in my ridiculously long seventeen years of life. I'm almost beginning to lose hope that someone is actually like that in this world. So, I'm in a busy canteen, with nosy people asking me frequently about myself, eyes following my every move, and girls trying and failing to seduce me. My life sucks so much I'll not be surprised if agitation will literally swallow me. "Anyone caught your attention yet?" a brawny guy, Emmett – I believed what he told me his name was – whispered to me after the seven girls in my table unstoppably lashed at me questions after questions. "I'm actually considering being a gay," I retorted sarcastically. Emmett stiffened beside me with a shock expression on his face. I rolled my eyes in mock frustration. He finally recovered, realizing that it was supposed to be a joke. "So, Edward, what's your next class?" one of the blond girls, Lauren Mallory, asked me, though I thought I'd already answered that before. I tried not to roll my eyes as I answered, "Biology." "Great, you'll be in the same class with Tanya," she giggled, though I saw a glint of disappointment in her eyes. "Oh, yes, that's true. Biology is also my next subject. I'm actually bad at that one, but maybe you could tutor me?" the one named Tanya answered in a sickeningly-sweet voice, battling her eyelashes so much I thought maybe there's something stuck in her eyes. "Sorry, I'm busy," I retorted after a bite of my pizza. The others giggled and one girl even shoved a glass of water in front of me. When did eating pizza ever deserve giggles from audience? Or better yet, when did eating pizza deserve audience? I rolled my eyes for the umpteenth time while looking at the blond guy Jasper, the only other guy sitting here aside from Emmett and me. He eyed me with pity and, at the same time, amusement. Great, I just learned eating pizza is now a source of entertainment for other people. Why I was here, in a crowded table on my first day at Meyer High School in Seattle Washington, don't even bother asking me. I just am. I didn't even invite these girls to sit with me. I only thought of accepting Emmett's offer to sit with him at lunch after I met him in my Spanish class, to discuss my joining in the baseball team. He is the captain while Jasper is his surrogate. I instantly accepted his offer because baseball caught my interest – I was a former captain in the baseball team at my former school in Alaska. Only we didn't expect girls to ambush us at our table. Not to blow too much air in my head, I'm actually used to this scenario in my former school. Somehow, I was the most popular available guy, and girls stalk me. I paid them no attention, however, and dated only very few of them. Two of them became my girlfriend which turned out to be huge mistakes. They were not what I thought they were: pretending to be sweet and naïve well in fact they were only after the physical aspect of the relationship. After that, I settled to be the single guy who doesn't entertain dating anymore. I thought that by living in Seattle, I'd finally be free of that reputation, but it seems highly unlikely. It appears as though just on my first day at my new school, I'm already sinking on that spot again. I wish I can change my physical appearance and social status to have them away from me, and I can finally be the average guy who doesn't attract that much attention, but unfortunately, I can't. Even my girl cousin from Alaska claims that I am gorgeous (which, by the way, is gross); not that I can see that myself. I mean is this look what you call gorgeous? I highly doubt it. I even try to mess with my unusually bronze-colored hair all the time so that I'll look untidy and it would look bad in contrast with my face, but no such luck. I even sometimes hear girls say 'his dreamy tousled bronze hair.' So, right, I'm stuck with this face and with all these attention I so strongly dreaded. When I contemplated on already leaving my table and just go to my next class without fully eating my lunch in order to avoid all the crazy attention, I saw her . She is, utterly and undeniably, the most beautiful girl I have seen in my entire life. She has brown, mahogany hair, gently glimmering into careful locks; her skin is as pale as the snow, even paler than mine, and looked as delicately fragile too; she has a thoughtful look in her chocolate brown depthless eyes and a crease of worry lines in between her brows; her full lips were parted slightly in an adorable pout, and I've noticed then that the lower one is slightly too full to much the upper, though it only brought more beauty and wonder in her strange face; she has prominent, blushing cheeks (I only caught sight of the blush when she almost fell by tripping on something, and the blush was instantly wiped away from her face at it came); and her smell – oh! Strawberry and fressia! – it hit me even from across the crowded room when she passed by me a few meters away. She is everything a man would want to see in a girl. She is utterly and undeniably beautiful – even I have to admit it. She is everything I physically wanted in a girl. But it was just that – physical. Because she is also everything I repulse on. She walks with confidence, clearly aware of all the eyes on her, and seemed to be used to the attention. She wears heavy make-up and too short skirt matched with too revealing tank-top, not to mention a very ridiculous high-heeled shoes. And the way she smiles: it's like encouraging everyone to notice her. It was too flirty . Almost immediately, a blond-haired baby-faced boy walked up to her and seemingly flirted with her. She playfully shoved him away and walked to an empty table – which I suppose is their table – flanked by her two friends who wear dresses similar to hers, if not more revealing. The girl on her right has inky black short hair. The other one a curly-blonde who looked almost as beautiful as her, looking as though she just finished posing on magazine covers, what with the way she looked like, her physique, and her overtly sexy dress. Two guys joined their table – one on the side of her black haired friend, which looked like her friend's boyfriend – and the other on her other friend's side. They started chattering and after a while, a boy with some skin problems walked to them and gave them a tray-full of lunch. The beautiful brunette girl brushed him off, signalling his work is done. I was surprised when I noticed the people in my table glaring at the three beautiful women, including Jasper and Emmett. Clearly, these girls are not novelties here. My curiosity got the better of me and I found myself asking no one in particular onto who the girls were. Emmett answered for me. "The Goddesses," he said without trying to hide the disgust in his voice. "I'm not asking you to describe them. I asked who they are ," I muttered sarcastically. "No, really, that's their group's name," Tanya chimed in with malice in her voice. "They're the worst Meyer High has seen in ages. They are these three, stupid, rich, spoiled bitches who think that the world revolve around them. Every girls hate them; every guys drool for them. I'll not be surprised if one day I'll find them pregnant without even knowing who the father is." Jessica shuddered delicately and continued where Tanya left on. "The blonde girl, that's Rosalie," she gestured at the Goddesses' table without looking at them. The people in our table obviously know the story already but were still intent on hearing Jessica out. "She's this all-glaring bitch who is almost as worse as their leader. You want war? Ask Rosalie. She'll instantly snap at you. "The black – haired girl is Alice, and she's really weird. She's like this psychic who seemed to know what happens all the time. She's extremely jubilant and was the one who keeps checking their wardrobe and make-up. Though, if you mess with her, she'll turn into this nasty pixie who'll make your life a living-hell. And she never takes no for an answer." "What about the leader, then?" I asked too eagerly. I feel already intrigued with this group. Tanya surprised me by scowling and saying in a rather harsh tone, "you're already smitten with her." "What? I'm not. I'm merely curious. They seemed very…