Hello, readers! I've decided to take on a Hunger Games story. This won't be like most. I don't accept tributes or sponsors, but I will respond to your reviews. If you like a character, I may keep them around longer. And I may periodically ask your opinions on things. But first, enjoy the first chapter of Four Anthems! Archer Barkley, District 7 This was not how Archer had pictured his day going. In his mind, he would have awoken to a bright sun, survived this year's reaping unscathed, wind away hours with Cara, and then enjoyed the feast under a sky speckled with stars. The universe, apparently, had other plans. Archer was shaken awake early in the morning from the sound of thunder directly overhead. Peering out the window, his mood plunged as he saw rain slamming against the pane. He knew sleep was useless now. He dragged himself out of bed and ruffled his short brown hair, but it still looked unkempt. He slid on the shirt hanging off his bed post over his tall frame, then slipped downstairs. The Barkley household was the same as most in the forests of District 7. It was a cottage, small but not uncomfortable, with intricate woodwork covering almost every surface. The people of District 7 knew wood better than any other, considering they produced the lumber and paper for the whole of Panem. They were not the most sociable people, so they set their houses apart from each other, burying themselves amidst the trees. Archer sat down to the family table across from his mother, Grace. She had already set out his breakfast, and watched him with sad eyes while he ate until he took notice. "Mom, you can stop looking at me like that," Archer mumbled through his oatmeal. "I'm not getting reaped today. My name's only in there once, remember?" "Of course you're not getting reaped," Grace replied, her eyes hardening. "Now hurry and eat. Your father will be back in an hour, and we're all walking to the ceremony together." She stood, rinsed her bowl in the basin, and strode out of the room. But Archer caught her lingering stare right before she left. The source of the stare found its roots six years before. Archer's brother, Carson, had been reaped in the 15th Hunger Games. It had been a harder time, and Carson had to put his name in several times in order to receive tesserae and support the Barkleys. When his name was drawn, Carson Barkley walked proudly up to the stage and faced his fate. But in Victor's Village, there is a house that still stands empty. Carson hadn't been unprepared. He could handle a bow as well as anyone, and was smarter than most. But he had put his trust in someone he shouldn't have, and had been stabbed in the back, quite literally. Archer and his parents had watched in horror as their oldest son became another victim of the Games. And now, six years later, Grace Barkley was facing the possibility of losing her only living son, and it was weighing on her. An hour later, Archer was fed, washed, and standing handsomely clothed in front of his house. The rain had died, and he was kicking a wet stone back and forth when his father, Dawson, appeared on the path that led between the trees. He tossed Archer a quick hello, then entered the house. He reappeared a few minutes later with Grace on his arm, and together they walked towards the plaza. Carson's death had affected Dawson in a completely different way. Where Grace became more protective of Archer, Dawson became closed off. He had always favored his first born, and no longer wanted anything to do with his second. Archer was well aware of it, and his resentment had bubbled inside for years. They arrived at the plaza, a huge open area with an ancient tree growing in the center. On the far side, the Justice Building rose behind a flat, wooden stage. On the stage sat two bowls, each filled with the names of boys and girls from District 7. Archer trotted away from his parents and found the group of sixteens standing near the edge of the stage. He silently slipped his fingers between Cara's, and she smiled at him. Cara Justine, the only thing that had lit the darkness since Carson's death. Archer and Cara had met years before, when they first began school together. Cara understood Archer; she had lost her sister to the law-enforcing Peacekeepers years ago, and she had been the only one who could comfort him when Carson died. Soon, their friendship had developed into something more, and now she meant the world to Archer. He clasped her hand tighter, as if to protect her from the reaping. Soon, the mayor gave his speech, a boring ramble everyone in the district had heard for years. Then, it was over, and tension settled on the crowd. A young woman in a smart suit walked out on stage. She was from the Capitol, the elite city of Panem. Her hair fell in perfect blonde waves as she reached into one of the bowls. "We'll begin with girls. Ladies first, right?" the woman chuckled, and unfurled a slip of paper from the bowl. "Oh, this is just so exciting!" Her enthusiasm made Archer want to vomit. She reeked of the Capitol, considering the Hunger Games exactly that, simply a game. But to the starving people of the districts, it was a punishment, a death trap. And it was about to claim its next victim. "The District Seven female tribute is… Channing Clover!" There was an audible sob as a small, fourteen-year-old girl wrenched free of her mother and strode up on stage. She had short, brown hair, and although she was visibly shaking, her expression was stubborn. Archer released his grip on Cara, knowing she was safe for another year. The blonde Capitol woman smiled at Channing, then crossed to the other bowl. After fishing around for a moment, supposedly building suspense, she drew a name. "And our District Seven male tribute is…" The woman paused, smirking at the crowd. Archer remembered the pause. The host had done the same thing, right before announcing his brother's name. He remembered every syllable her mouth had made, especially pursing her lips on the "b" in Barkley. The memory was so vivid that he almost pictured the blonde woman up on stage pronouncing the same thing, then and there. Wait a minute. Penny Watt, District 3 Penny hated her house. She hated how large it was, how it was secluded from all the others in District 3. She hated the perfectly groomed rosebushes out front, she hated the constantly polished floors, and she hated the pictures that covered every wall. All of her. But what she hated the most about the house were the people in it. The Watts were one of the wealthiest families in District 3. Tallon Watt, her father, led a research company and owned many of the research facilities in the area, pumping out tons of electronics to the Capitol. Panem relied heavily on the Watts, and in return, they received special privileges. For example, no one in the family had ever had to put their name in the reaping. It was on the day of the 21st reaping ceremony that Penny Watt's hatred hit a boiling point. She glided into large dining room, her brown hair in curls, and took her seat at the middle of the table. Neither her mother, Sarah, nor her father said a word as she entered, and Penny picked at her scrambled eggs and bacon in silence. Her blue eyes focused on her plate, and her cherry lips were pursed in annoyance. Finally, her mother spoke. "Penny," she said slowly, staring Penny down with her ice blue eyes. "We have something to tell you. It's about Vince." Penny's nostrils flared. Vince was fifteen, the same age as her, and came from a family of equal wealth. He was insufferable, flaunting his money and wooing girls with a flash of his smile. He and Penny had been forced together since they were children, and Penny couldn't stand the boy. "You are to marry him." Penny's fork clattered to the floor, and she stared in disbelief at her mother. Her mother stared back, unblinking. She looked to her father, who was invested in the Capitol newspaper. "You cannot be serious." "We are, indeed. The date is set a month from today," Tallon said flatly, never taking his eyes away from the article he was reading. Penny wanted to rip it out of his hands and force him to look at her. "What possible reason would I have for marrying that brat?" Penny asked, her eyes as wide as the dinner plate she was eating off of. "His father, as you know, owns multiple manufacturing plants across the district, and we need his assistance for a new project, but don't have the funds. So this was the alternative." Tallon spoke to Penny as if she were a toddler that needed every detail explained. But Penny understood perfectly. "I'm a business deal." Her anger was brewing up inside her, and she gripped the edge of the table until her knuckles turned white. Sarah spoke next. "Hardly, darling. It works for everyone. Vince is a fine boy, and it saves you the trouble of finding a husband on your own." She smiled, and her face resembled a snake's. "Vince is unbearable!" Penny exclaimed, her voice approaching a dangerous volume. "He treats girls like toys, and doesn't care about anything but money, and thinks he's a god, and…" "You will marry him, Penny," Tallon said, his voice tensing. "And if I refuse?" Penny said, standing. Tallon finally flung down his newspaper. "Then you will lose your inheritance and face the world alone. Understand this, Penny. You are nothing without this family's bank account." He stared her back into her seat, and back into silence. The Watts finished breakfast, freshened themselves, and piled in the family car. The sleek, black vehicle exited their huge estate, and arrived at the District plaza ten minutes later. The whole ride, Penny fumed. How could they do this to her? How could they force her to marry that boy! All her life, Penny had done what was expected of her. But this was just too far. Then again, what could she do? She was powerless, a slave to her family's wealth and reputation. District Three's plaza was unlike the others. Instead of raucous fans or downtrodden townspeople, it was filled with polite nobles and well-behaved workers. Everyone knew their place in District Three. And that included Penny. The Watts took their seats very near the stage. They had priority seating, of course. Penny glanced around as they sat, and spotted Vince a few rows over. He winked at her and pointed to his ring finger. Penny wanted to tell him where he could stick his ring finger, but collected herself and faced the stage. The mayor gave his speech quickly, knowing no one was listening anyway. Then a tall man in a crimson suit arrived on stage and began to select the tributes. Penny tried to pay attention, but it was useless. Her mind was drifting forward a month, when she would wed. She caught the girl's name, Rachel something-or-other, but missed the boy's completely. She was too busy envying the girl. It had struck Penny that this small girl was getting out, escaping this district. She had the chance to make her own fortune, or die trying. Either way, she never had to return. Her future was entirely up to the decisions she made in the arena. She could decide. It was then that Penny quietly slid her heels off silently beneath her chair. The man in the crimson suit turned to the crowd once more. "Will there