It was a very concerned Augustus Longbottom who was standing outside 189 Carlyle Avenue, checking the postcard for the tenth time to see if she had the right address. The house itself wasn't much to look at; a grey Victorian style house in a neighborhood of similar houses, but it wasn't anything like she thought. Knowing Stephan, the "house" might've been something strangely shaped, weirdly placed, cylindrical mansion in the middle of a city. Deciding that it was the right address, she walked up to the door, only for it to open before she could knock. A note floated down from behind the space above the doorway and bopped her on the nose. That was a bit more in character. The note said that he wasn't home, but that he should be home sometime before six o'clock. It also told her that some of his roommates might be back before him and that all of their doors should be closed. She was free to make herself a snack or roam the rest of the house, but they would appreciate it if she "didn't encroach upon their personal spaces." A very Stephan thing to say. Deciding not to wait around, she walked in and closed the door behind her. The house seemed a fair bit larger on the inside than she'd thought it would, and the walls were littered with drawings and paintings, all of the same nine or ten people; all men of varying ages and ethnicities and one girl—a daughter maybe, with tanned skin, long dirty-blonde hair and large, electric blue eyes and thick-rimmed glasses. There were lots of each man, and the canvases on which they were painted came in an assortment of sizes and shapes. The next room was a bit larger with two sofas, scattered armchairs, and an upright piano up against the wall across from the large fireplace. A pair of strange swinging doors led to the unusually large kitchen and attached dining room with a large wooden table and a dozen mismatched chairs. Odd sculptures stood as centerpieces holding dice and decks of cards, and bookshelves covered the back wall. A hallway off of that lead past the open door of a bathroom, two closed doors, and into what seemed like a general art room, with another small piano, a few guitars, and an assortment of other instruments, some of which she didn't recognize. After that, she found an open door to a basement that appeared to have been made into a library. Back up the stairs to the second story, she found more closed doors, and one open one to what looked like Stephan's room. It was actually a bit like his room back at the manor; bed in one corner, a desk stacked with books, a trunk at the end of the bed, broom on a pair of hooks above the desk. Not wanting to snoop too much, she went back downstairs to look a bit more closely at the paintings. She actually found an older one with all of the names below each person; the red headed one was Geoffrey, the pair of tall, dark haired twins were Michael and Gabriel, the African looking man was Richard, the skinny blond was Felix, the tall blond, Dominique, the shorter brunet was Jesse, the longer haired one was Joe, and the girl was Alina. Suddenly, Augusta heard the front door close behind her and a girl's voice calling out, "Felix! I need a gosling—oh hello!" Alina stopped when she saw her and Augusta quickly looked her over. She wore a sleeveless, baggy white button-down shirt tucked into a pair of short denim shorts. Her glasses were crooked and her hair was piled haphazardly on top of her head by several pencils and—was that a wand? After blinking a few times, Alina hung an oversized wool cardigan on a hook, seemingly randomly placed on the cluttered walls, hanging a canvas book bag there as well, only pulling out a leather notebook. "Would you like something to eat?" The girl asked, already clumsily stumbling toward the kitchen, "'Cause I certainly would." Augusta followed, if only to stop the girl from tripping over her feet. Thankfully, Alina was a bit more graceful in the kitchen; otherwise, Augusta didn't know what she would've done. She was sort of used to it already, given Neville, but rather than being inherently clumsy, as Neville was, she seemed to be able to turn it off. She was making some sort of cookie, practically dancing as she did, her mouth going a mile per minute. She went on about cookies which led to cakes, rakes, leaves, pets, potions—wait… "I'm sorry, you're a witch?" Augusta interrupted, immediately berating herself. "Yeah, we all are—magic, that is, though I'm the only witch around here." The girl put the cookies in the oven, cursed, and pulled them back out. "I forgot to turn the thing on!" "How old are you?" "I am four thousand fifteen days nine hours twelve minutes and forty-eight seconds old." She deadpanned. "What—" "That's eleven years today, if that confused you, which, judging by the expression, it did." "Are you going to Hogwarts this year?" Augusta pried. "Maybe—" "GOOD LORD THIS GOOSE IS LARGE!" Came a voice from somewhere in the house. "THAT WAS EASILY THE LATEST REACTION FELIX!" Alina put the cookies in the now heated oven. "No, no, no! You're supposed to answer; GO—oh hello, you must be Ms. Longbottom!" The skinny blond (Felix maybe?) burst into the room while somehow simultaneously leaning heavily on a carved wooden cane, his expressions ranging from exasperated to charming in under a second. "I'm Felix, the American. It's a pleasure to meet you." "And you as well." Augusta answered, more out of habit than anything else. The young man in front of her was looking a bit bedraggled, wearing only a bathrobe and a pair of wrinkled grey sweats. His hair was stuck up in all directions, but he looked, despite the clothes and cane, quite regal. Of course, it only lasted a moment before the young man slouched again and hobbled over to Alina with surprising speed. "Whatcha making, sis?" He looked over her shoulder, exaggerating his movements. She playfully elbowed his stomach. "Why don't you guess?" "Mmm…" He moved back around the island to sit beside Augusta. "Plum casserole?" "Ew! Is that a thing?" Alina asked, disgusted. The pair spent quite a while bickering, not seeming too concerned that she was there. That didn't matter too much however, as she did have quite a lot to think about. The relationship between the ten who lived here, for example, and how they related to her son concerned her. Just from the two she'd met so far, this bunch already seemed a bit eccentric. Strange, actually, was a better word. The more she heard, the more confused she was as to why Stephan had asked her to come in the first place. What was the point? She hadn't seen her son in fifteen years, though considering the fact that he didn't seem to be going through a mental breakdown due to the loss of his father. Now, fifteen years later, he had nine housemates, all degrees of strange considering—well— him. "So, what have you done today, school?" Felix asked, changing the subject completely. "It's Saturday, you freak. I went to work with Geoff today." She was now on the third batch of cookies but considering the fact that the three of them had been munching on them for the past hour, there was really only enough to almost make up two. "Ooh, he let you? What did he do, make you brush the horses or something?" "Actually, I made my own knife—see," she pulled a small, silver knife from her back pocket. "He wouldn't let me do anything bigger." Augusta tried to ask where exactly this Geoff worked, but what sounded like the front door chose that moment to bang open. "HONEY, I'M HOME?" Bellowed several voices in unison, a few of them harmonizing on the last note. "YOU ARE ALL TERRIBLE PEOPLE I'M LEAVING." Felix angrily got up and hobbled past the men in the kitchen doorway, much to the amusement of Alina and confusion of Augusta. "Hello madam!" The young red-headed man was the first to notice her, immediately drawing the attention of all the others who'd been greeting Alina. "You must be Steph's mum. I'm Geoff, and this is Mike, Gabe, Richey, Dom, and Joe. You seem to have met Felix and Al already, and Steph and Jess will be here tonight for the party." "Jess is coming? I thought he wasn't coming back for weeks!" Alina exclaimed. "He is, he and Kate are just stopping in here for your party before they're off again." One of the twins replied, grinning. The other finished, "He might even bring her over tonight." Alina looked at the remaining two for confirmation, and they nodded, immediately setting in motion a wave of excited hugs and badly held back squeaks. She even hugged Augusta, before she realized what she was doing and ran off. Augusta blinked; the men chuckled and, as if this happened a lot, immediately took over the kitchen. She then noticed that at least half of them were holding grocery bags which she soon discovered held ingredients for a variety of different dishes. The twins took some things outside, and when asked, declared "shish kebabs," whatever that meant. This was something she had never experienced before. Generally, in wizarding society, if any cooking was done by hand, it was done either by witches or house elves, very rarely did any wizards involve themselves in anything even remotely domestic, yet here, a grand total of seven wizards (Felix had returned) had busied themselves with cooking and cleaning and they did it all without magic . Did Stephan do things like this also? Is that why he'd called her here? They'd been corresponding practically since he left. Usually it was just little notes, the occasional letter with a currant picture enclosed to show that he was still alive, but that didn't change the fact that she hadn't seen him in over a decade. Was this just some grand gesture to show that he was safe, that he was in good hands? But she didn't know anything about these people; he'd never even mentioned them… Oh. Yes, he had. Always in passing, but he had talked about them—how Alina's football team had a match that Saturday, how exasperated something he'd done had made Felix and Richard, how Dominique was "being French" whatever that meant, how Joe refused to cut his hair, so Geoff had done a body-bind and done it himself (and Joe had loved it)—Stephan had been mentioning these people for years! She'd just never even acknowledged it or bothered to ask who they were, assuming they were friends of his. "You look like you've just had an epiphany." Alina was back now, armed with a pad of paper and a small tub of art supplies, already sketching out the scene in the kitchen. "Did you paint all of those?" Augusta blurted. She had so many questions, that one just resurfaced first. "I did." "Why?" No that wasn't right. "Why not just use a camera? And if you're the one painting them all, why not make them move?" Alina seemed to study her for a moment. "Have you ever heard of a photographic memory?" "Excuse me?" "To have a photographic memory is, basically, to have instant recall of anything you've ever seen. I've got one, which means that I remember every moment I've ever had with these idiots, good, bad, sad, all of it. I like to draw, so whenever I see something I want them to remember, I draw it, paint it, carve it, whatever. Fun for me, and they like to see how I see things. Sometimes if someone takes a picture I like of all of us, I'll draw