CORNUCOPIA Zhoa ran as though her life depended on it. Mostly because it did. From the corner of her eye she could see Koda struggling to keep pace with her. At least he was before Dorian tackled him. Zhoa tried to stay as low as she could while making as quick work as she could making for the spears about halfway to the mouth of the cornucopia. She made them without incident, but getting her bow would be much harder. A spear in her hand, Zhoa looked behind her. Dorian was watching for it, so she hurled the spear in his direction. Not bothering to watch what he would do to Koda with it, Zhoa tried to make more headway toward the bows, but stopped in her tracks and ducked in just enough time to avoid a knife being thrown her way by Theta. Before she knew it she was being hauled to her feet by Dorian and he shoved her towards the trees to their right. "Go!" As they ran Zhoa scooped a pack from the jungle floor. The trees and vegetation were dense, making it hard to make any headway or see what was more than a few feet in front of your nose. The deeper they delved the darker it became until one might mistake the time of day for late afternoon rather than mid-morning. But they pressed on until suddenly the sky came into view and there was nothing but air all around Zhoa head. Her feet gave way and she was falling. Tumbling down a rocky façade dotted with small shurbs of plant life growing from the perfectly straight face of what appeared to be a cliff. Dorian managed to plunge his spear into a crevice and caught hold of Zhoa's hand as she slid by him. Here they were hanging on a ledge. To their left was a waterfall, massive and roaring into Zhoa's ear. The mist was rising from the bottom, beginning to obscure the falls and the hand and footholds around her. Zhoa had dropped the pack she had picked up. There was a tug at her arm. Dorian was trying to pull her up. Zhoa dug her boot toes into the few holds she thought she could feel and tried to clamber her way higher. Her foot slipped once, sending Zhoa crashing into a shrub. Whatever it was there were thorns in it, but Zhoa made sure to bite her lip and not cry out. She tried again and this time she made it to Doian's level. Once her hands and feet were secure, he called over the falls, "You all right?!" Zhoa nodded and Dorian pointed up toward the precipice they had fallen from. He let Zhoa start climbing first, pulling his spear out and following. Once they were on secure land again, Zhoa hardly knew what to say. It was quiet now. The bloodbath must be over, she thought. Zhoa wondered how many had died. Looking down on herself, there were some red dots on her tank top, which was now exposed since her jacket zipped had come undone. Upon inspection, it was from those thorns on the bush she had crashed into. Minor damage, something that could be taken care of later. For the moment they needed shelter. Dorian laid a hand on Zhoa's shoulder. "You're sure you're okay?" "Minor cuts I'll be fine. We should get going. Anyone could be anywhere now." But Dorian didn't appear to be listening. He was crouching and making his way in the direction they had come running from. Zhoa shook her head and followed. "Are you crazy? I guarantee the other careers are still at the cornucopia admiring their stash and you want to go back?" "We need that bow. You need it." "Seriously, I can make one it's no big deal." "It is because these trees aren't right. They'll be dewy at first and dry very quickly. Only good for a day. You want to make a new one every day?" Zhoa fell silent. In looking at the tress around her, she could tell he was right. What was more, they were massive plants. Finding a branch small enough to carve into a bow would be a suicide mission to the canopy. There was no getting around it, they would need the bow. When they were close enough to peer through the bushes into the space where the cornucopia sat Zhoa could see that there were many tributes dead. Too many to waste the time counting for the moment. Still standing and taking stock of what they had just as Zhoa said, were several tributes, the ones from 1 and 2. The oldest, Dreg, the boy from 2, was tall and very muscular with eyes as dark as his hair. His counterpart Lida was younger, maybe fourteen, with a seemingly sweet disposition. At least Zhoa guessed, because she was curled up at the mouth of the cornucopia, face red and blotchy from crying, while the others examined their treasure. Ruby and Taurine from 1 were both sixteen and appeared to be cocky and confident in themselves. The trouble was with four of them there, it was an impossible task to get the bow, which had been moved to the very center of the cornucopia, untouched otherwise, while everything else had been dismounted and portioned between the four of them. They were going to try and bait her. They knew she was a dead shot from her interview answers; how she described the business at the water plant. "Come on, another time." Dorian was whispering even though they were many yards away from the small group. "Keep low and follow me." HIDE OUT Once they reached the waterfall again, Dorian led them down the side once more. They climbed further until they were about twelve feet from what appears to be the ground. "In here!" Dorian called up to Zhoa. When she looked down he was disappearing into the falls. Alarmed, she followed as quickly as possible. Once she was on his level where he had gone in though, she looked at the rushing water and noticed that Dorian was standing on a ledge behind the rushing water. He held out his hand, some of the less ferocious water slapping against his palm. "You have to jump! Otherwise the falls with take you with it!" Zhoa took a breath and leapt from the rock face toward Dorian's outstretched hand. He grasped her arm and pulled her inside. Behind the falls it was dark but with a slight blue tinge. The water was like a cloak, concealing them behind its foamy white curtain. The recess they found themselves in was not very big; only really large enough for two people, but there was a passage at the back leading into the earth. Zhoa made to walk toward it, but Dorian stopped her. "Best see what we have to work with first!" They would have to speak very close to one another's ear to be heard so the shouting would not give them away. The pair knelt down in the damp rocky earth and Dorian set his spear aside. He had managed to grab a pack as well. "I lost mine when we fell," Zhoa said close to his ear. "It's all right," he responded. "Plenty in here. Empty canteen, but the water from these falls is probably clean. Even if it's not, there's a spile and some tubing here. We can bleed water out of vines if we have to. There's no food, but there is a blanket, some trapping supplies, rope…" "Trapping supplies?" Zhoa wasn't hungry, but knowing there was no food they were likely to become so sooner rather than later. "A net, some bait-" "All I'll need is the net." Zhoa was looking at the falls. It appeared that every now and then there would be a dark form going over; a fish maybe. Dorian sighed. "Now if only we had that bow." "Well," Zhoa said, shrugging off her completely soaked jacket, wet from jumping through the falls. "We can always watch them, wait until there's only one person there. Chances are they're going to go hunting for whoever got away." "They're already trying to lure you, you don't think whoever they leave to stand guard won't be the biggest, strongest of them?" "No I don't. Dreg won't stay and stand guard, he's here for glory. I'm betting he'll leave Taurine. He'll want the strength of a boy, and Taurine's the only other one in their group." Dorian was working his way out of his own jacket. When he had he collected Zhoa's as well and shoved them into the pack. The material was waterproof. "Let's get through tonight and we'll discuss it in the morning." With that Zhoa went about tying off the corners of the net as far back from the front of the fall as possible so as not to be seen (even though she was fairly sure those close to the ground that the mist would obscure anything anyone might notice. While she waited and watched the net remain empty, however, the thought of things being seen from behind the falls brought a problem to her attention. "What about fires?" she called over her shoulder. "Even in daylight they'll give us away in here." "We'll be eating in the wee hours of the morning," Dorian called back as he looked for the driest spot to lay out their items and assess them more. "Until we can find a better hiding spot." Zhoa didn't think that would be an easy feat. Despite the dampness and the noise and the obvious risks of being close to a source of food and water, there would hardly be a better spot than the one they were in. "So what now?" Dorian shrugged. "We wait until we're sure they're asleep. Then we're going for the bow." There was no arguing it with him, so while she waited for something alive and wriggling to drop into the net Zhoa crawled to the back of the cave and sat beside Dorian. The misting inside the cave was making her clothes soaked, her hair was damp and her skin was glistening in a combination of sweat from the humidity and the moisture in the air. "So what's going to happen?" Zhoa was speaking theoretically, but the answer she got in her ear was far more literal than she had anticipated. "We're going to win," Dorian said. Zhoa look at Dorian, thinking he would be doing something or looking at the falls like she had been. Instead her eyes met his less than an inch from her face. "There's only one winner, Dorian." "I know. We're going to win, and then you're going to kill me." "I can't do that." "Yes you can. I have nothing. No one who loves me, no one left. Despite the fact that they're not blood family, your aunt and cousin need you back at home. We're going to be the last ones standing and you're going to take me out." Zhoa sighed and drew her knees up and rested her arms on them. She looked back at the rushing water. "So when are we going to get my bow?" "About six hours after sunset." Zhoa was so tired. She wouldn't last seventeen hours. Not awake. She looked at Dorian again. "Can we sleep?" Dorian straightened his own legs. "Go ahead. I'll wake you." Zhoa started to lay herself on the moist earth beneath her, but Dorian slipped his hand beneath her head just as her cheek was about to touch the dirt floor. She looked up at him and he smiled down on her. "You'll get filthy." He drew her by the chin back up to sitting and crossed his ankles out in front of him. Dorian gestured to his lap and after a moment of hesitation Zhoa crouched back down, laying her head in his lap. Zhoa