INFINITY SKY The sky always seemed to calm Zhoa. It reminded her that the world was vast and someday she might be a part of a different piece of it. And according to her mother, a week from then she would be. Zhoa had been in bed for three days, since her twelfth birthday. Her mother hadn't allowed her to so much as sit up, let alone go to the bathroom on her own. There had been no party, no presents, no visitors. But Zhoa wasn't sick. Mother told her it was a game. The game had been fun the first day. There were no chores for Zhoa to do and she spent the day in bed, like she was a Capitol girl. Now she was restless. She wanted to go outside. To hunt, or at least sit under a tree and feel the sun on her face. Her mother came into the room carrying fresh towels in from the breeze to pack away in the wooden chest. "Mom, what can't I go outside? There's nothing wrong with me." Marie, Zhoa's mother, smiled a little and dropped her towels into the chest. "You're resting for something very important, sweetheart." "The Reaping," Zhoa asked. Marie sighed and sat on Zhoa's bed, resting a hand on her daughter's covered knee. "No honey." Marie bit her lip and sniffed. "You remember your Uncle Walten?" "Kind of. He's dead." "Yeah. That's the story the peacekeepers tell us, but they never found him. He went hiking in the middle of winter seven years ago, when he knew there would be a storm. Your uncle didn't die, Zhoa, he escaped. Into the wilderness in the north. He lives there with some others who have left Panem, I think. All kinds of people; teachers, craftsmen, traders…and you're going to join them." Zhoa was confused. "How is that, Mom?" "I've been telling everyone in town you're sick. Everyone thinks you have dysentery. While everyone has gathered for the reaping, your Uncle Joseph is going to take you to the boarder and hand you off to someone who lives near Uncle Walten. That person is going to take you to Walten." Zhoa had been shaking her head more and more violently as Marie spoke. Now she thrust her hands forward and grabbed at her mother's sweater. "Mom! You lied to the peacekeepers. Is someone finds out the truth they'll take us all away! What about Millie and Magda?" Marie held Zhoa close as tears streamed down her cheeks. "The Capitol took your father from me four years ago. I can't let them take you." Without lifting her head away from her mother's chest Zhoa asked, "So we're leaving in two days? You and me?" "No, baby," Marie pulled away and reached up, stroking Zhoa's cheek. "You have to go alone. I need to stay here and have a funeral for my dead daughter. If I go too, they'll come find us. I need to stay so I can keep you safe, continuing to make people believe you're dead." Zhoa didn't sleep soundly that night. Zhoa was afraid of the Reaping; she didn't want to die. But lying about a deathbed exemption was just as dangerous. Even more so since this would be her first Reaping. Would she end up dead in a few weeks anyway? She hoped not… Zhoa was woken early on the morning of the reaping, like all other children. Only on this morning, the curtains in the entire house were drawn and Uncle Joseph was in the kitchen, waiting. He wasn't really Zhoa's uncle. His wife Magda and Zhoa's mother had grown up together, but their family was like having an aunt, uncle and a sister. Zhoa packed a small bag like her mother said. Spare set of clothes, her hairbrush, the essential things. Uncle Walten will have everything you need when you get there, Marie had said. When the children in the homes around them started emerging for the Reaping, Marie stared out the window through a loose seam in a curtain, waiting for all of them to have gone and the street to be deserted. "Mom?" Marie turned around and sighed, laying a hand on her daughter's shoulder and sweeping a thumb under the other to banish a tear. "You'll be all right Zhoa. I'll come after you…someday." "The children are all gone, Marie. We need to go." Joseph was shrugging on his coat and beckoning to Zhoa. The girl gave her mother one final hug and fought against her hiccupping tears as she closed the door behind her and tried to memorize every detail of her home, the feel of the peeling wood door, the rusted handle. She wanted to remember everything. HUNTING Zhoa woke up with a start. Her skin was soaked in sweat. She sat up and sighed. Another dream. When would this all end? It was three years ago, surely there would be a time when everything would begin to blur, right? Mischa rolled over beside her. "Another nightmare?" Zhoa nodded and lay back down, allowing Mischa to hold her close to him, which was not hard to accomplish since his bed was the old couch in the living room of his house. Zhoa took a breath and said, "I just want to forget about it. which is stupid. How do you forget about your mother being dragged off and Millie becoming fatherless?" Zhoa paused for a moment. "She was selfish." "Your mother?" "Yes." "She was trying to protect you." "There is no protecting any of us. There's only the rules and those who follow and those who don't. I don't blame her; my father's disappearance was hard. But she should have known better. His punishment was an example of what could have happened." Mischa sat up now and stretched. "That's true. And just think, they could have pulled you out with her is they wanted to." Zhoa snuggled into the blankets more against the morning chill. "Yeah only they slapped me with fifty extra entries instead." "How many do you have now? 63?" Zhoa held up both hands, one with all but the thumb tucked in. "66 as of next week," Mischa corrected himself before knocking his wrist to his forehead. "That's right, tesserae for yourself and Magda and Millie. Again. If there was more game in the area anymore you wouldn't have to do that. You're lucky your name hasn't come up yet." Zhoa rolled over the side of the couch and onto the balls of her feet and her hands. After doing a couple pushups and standing she said, "It's nothing to do with luck. They're holding my name back, I swear. They're waiting for my last year and then you watch it'll be me. I'm a cow being raised for slaughter." Mischa said nothing to this but yawned and peered at the clock in the corner. It was after ten. And yet the house was quiet. "Where the hell is Mero this time?" Miro was Mischa's younger brother. He was sixteen, three years younger than Mischa and a year older than Zhoa. He disappeared often, but not usually for three days in a row. This was the third morning he had already been gone when Mischa woke up. In fact Zhoa had fallen asleep on the couch with Mischa last night waiting up for Mero to come home. Either he did and left again, or he was never back at all. Both instances were concerning. "Maybe's he's already at the market trying to get an early start," Zhoa offered. Mischa shook his head. "He wasn't there yesterday. Do me a favor, can you find out where he is? I lost dad and I can't lose him too." Zhoa walked over toward the door, grabbing her coat off an armchair as she passed. "I'll go home and change first, but I'm sure he's just out trying his hand at hunting again." "He should be trying his hand at helping me earn a living! I can't take tesserae anymore you know!" Zhoa waved him off as she closed the door behind her. On the walk home, she had plenty of time to think. A lot had happened recently. Not the least of which was the recent plague of dysentery cases in the area. This part of the 12th District Seam was nothing if not cold and poor. It didn't help that the very old water treatment plant had suffered from a fire. It was put out, but the law of the land, head peacekeeper, Mr. Jowl, refused to repair it. The kicker was that no one knew what had happened off in the woods to the treatment plant until Mischa and Mero's father died of bad water. When it was determined what had killed him, the truth came out. Mischa had been fuming, but controlled as always. Mero was never such a collected person. Maybe it was youth, maybe it was something stronger, but something inside him had broken and torn over the fate of the boys' father. He had been awake and asleep at odd hours. Now the disappearing. What was next? Zhoa had grown up with the boys, and loved them like brother much as she loved Millie like a sister. When they were youn,g they used to play. Now they were all orphans. The boys' mother had died when they were young, Zhoa didn't remember why and Mischa wouldn't discuss it. At least she wasn't dragged off because of something illegal, Zhoa thought as she entered her home. Everything was the same as it had been before. Since her mother was taken Zhoa had refused to change anything, and even less was able to be fixed. The roof leaked now and the floor was just about rotting from under her feet. Often times she didn't stay, opting to share a bed with Millie for the night or sleep on Mischa's floor. Despite this though, all her clothes and necessities remained at the house. The illusion that when Marie had been taken, time stopped. It calmed Zhoa to think she could step back in time and her mother might walk into a room any moment. It was almost like those last three years had never happened. Zhoa changed into fresh clothes in her room: cotton pants, a tank and shirt, leather vest over it. Zhoa didn't know where Mischa had dug it up for her birthday last year, but she was glad he had. It was useful for hunting. Speaking of hunting, and after brushing her hair, Zhoa lifted the worn rug lying on her bedroom floor and pried up a few loose floor boards. Reaching inside, she extracted a short bow and a quiver filled with homemade arrows. The arrows were new, the bow however was very old. It belonged to her father once. He had chosen it especially for her from his collection of weaponry kept in an old abandoned peacekeeper bunker in the woods to the north of her home. Zhoa slipped out of her back door and ran the several dozen steps into the forest. But after running and jumping through the boulders and trees until she could no longer see her house, or any building for that matter, she stopped. Now where? If Mero was out here hunting, where would he go? He wasn't a very good hunter, as evident by the boys' empty freezer. So where would he think to go? Zhoa decided to start looking for him in the usual places she went to sit and watch for prey. He was inexperienced, so maybe he would start with something that he had been taught. She hoped. CHOICES The market was busy. At least some parts were anyway. It was getting close to the Reaping and parents of children who would be attending the first time were hanging about the vendors with dresses and nice shirts looking for dress clothes. The tinker stall remained lonely though. Zhoa sighed and approached