Heyyy guys so im here with a NEWWW STORY. Im looking for a beta for this one and Im really liking this plotline. So GO ON AND ENJOY. "Safe" Percy hadnt felt "safe" in a long time. It was actually discomforting. Safe was overrated. It was a fantasy. One that Percy had always longed for. In fact thats one of the things he fought for. To be safe. To be at home with his friends and family far from danger. "friends" Percy thought distainfully. Those are fantasy to Percy also. Except he fantasized on driving his blade through the heart of every. last. one. and he had. oh Dear Hades he did. The things he did to him- . He choked on a sob, it was to painful to even think about. Percy felt like a monster. He felt like the creatures he put here, and maybe thats what he was. Maybe he was a monster, maybe he was an evil beast. But they created that monster, they created this.. thing. Percy took a few steps forward and found himself unharmed. Funny because he just fell for three days into a pit. He frowned. He couldnt beileve how low he had hit. He was literally at rock bottom. He couldnt get any lower. His life was literaly a living hell. Percy couldnt beileve the events that had just gone on. It was three days ago but it felt like it was replaying in his mind over and over. He was in utter shock. He put it off as human nature but he couldnt help but fell sad or frustrated or better yet, Betrayed. Thats what Percy was now. "Betrayed" now when they speak the name Percy it'll be a hollowed form of what its former glory was. His name would never have the same meaning. Not after this. "Time heals everything" Except for this, it felt like with every passing second his enemies were getting closer and the memories of his friends were getting further. Family doesnt exsist. Its an illusion to keep people who could potentially hurt you close. It was a fairytale, Fiction and it was definatly not in Percy's life anymore. Nor would it ever be again. Percy's fatal flaw was loyalty. Think about that for a minute. "Fatal" " Flaw." Both those words are negative. Some might think that its a good thing. But no no. Athena was right. Percy would give the world to save them. He would give anything. But imagine if you turned around for a pat on the back... and got a knife. Pushing these thoughts out of his mind, Percy looked over his shoulder. He scanned the glowing horizon and continued his trek towards the corner of tarturaus. Maybe if he just got to the corner and made a little hut... Percy sighed and sat in defeat, It was no use for him. His life was over. He'd rather just wait for them to get here and take him. He'd probably be tortured and used for entertainment like some sort of animal or jester, but he didnt care. He knew the God's were watching him. Just like the titans. They were exactly the same except the God's didn't have any decency left and invited the demigods, his "former family" watched him crawl around tarturaus. Can he say sicko's? Yeesh. "He's here somewhere master. I swear on the Styx. I am the best hunter ever to live and i know he is here" A deep masculine voice said. Percy scrambled to his feet and whipped Riptide out faster then the eye could see. His eyes were deep and his breathing was ragged. He had cuts all over him but he wasn't going without a fight. There was just one thing he was worried about, well... one person was better put. ... wait wait wait If your to understand then we must go back. back to around 3 weeks. (flash back) 3 weeks ago " PERSEUS JACKSON" Said person looked up from his bow and smirked his mischievious smirk, " Yes m'lord?" He spoke softly. " Kindly bring your peers over to recieve awards and start celebration." Zeus boomed. Percy smirked again, beyond happy. The giant war was finished. Gaia was sleeping and all her little creepy minions were dead. All his pain and suffering was finally gone. This was his last mishap. he ws finally done with it all. He had peace. He was safe and more importantly.. his family was safe. Granted there was so many casualties, to many. such as Chris, conner, maranda and so much more. he felt so guilty for all of them but he was happy this war was over. they had all fought very hard and they deserved rest now. Throwing the train of thought away Percy jogged over to his friends and beckoned them to come to the council room where everyone was there to surprise the famous seven demigod Gods who singlehandedly destroyed every giant and Gaia with no help. That was quite a feat to be proud of and they were about to be rewarded greatly. Such as they deserved. Percy pushed the large doors open and immediatly screams and cheers were thrown there way, clapping was heard and streamers flew through the air. The seven all felt giddy walking to the front of the room with Percy in front and Jason and Annabeth on his right and left. Leo on the left of Jason and piper on the left of Leo. Hazel on the right of Annabeth and Frank on the right of Hazel. They walked in like the elite force of the God's. Which is technically what they are. As everyone settled down the seven lined up in the middle of the room like soilders and stood still, all still grinnning like crazy. Everyone hushed as they knew what was coming next. The God's stood and all morphed into there human forms and each gave a handshake to the demigods. After everyone was back in there seats the God's morphed back and sat down ready for buisness. " PIPER ELLEN MCLEAN" Piper stepped forward and bowed respectfully and Aphrodite stepped forward to reward her daughter. "Piper. My daughter. You have made me proud beyond words. You have destroyed all my expectations of you, going above and beyond. You have not only worked as a team to exel in your fighting and your quests, but you used your words and your powers to fight in a war that was above you. You have saved everyone, my dear, you have saved us" Aphrodite spoke softly gesturing to every one around the room. " and so i grant you, Piper Ellen Mclean, Daughter of Tristan Mclean and Aphrodite Goddess of love and beauty. I Aphrodite Goddess of beauty and love grant you the gift of healing. Wether it be emotionally or physically. Let everyone who be near you be healed. I grant you title "AMOR PUGNATOR" meaning fighter of love. You have made me proud my daughter. She spoke before walking back to her throne. Piper was in tears and she started to rise before she flew up into the air and started glowing. After the glowing died down piper slowly fell to the floor and landed on her feet. Ok. now everyone was surprised. Piper was absolutely stunning. Her beautiful brown hair was french braided to go down her left shoulder onto her breast, her face was flawlessly perfect. She had a very curvy figure resembling an hourglass. She was the definition of beautiful... Just like her mother. She had a greek toga type dress on showing her thigh when she walked. Topped with a tiara on top. Piper stepped to the side and waited for her peers patiently as they got there gifts. " FRANK NICHOLAS ZHANG PLEASE STEP FORWARD" Mars called with authority. Percy felt himself straighten and his face go emotionless at the sight of the God of War. They respected eachother but they both knew Percy would beat Ares and Mars in a fight. Frank nervously stepped forward and looked at his father. He was finally there. Finally where that insolent but scary Clarrise girl was. He was in the proud father stage. He couldn't not see it. His dad's eyes were shining with absolute pride and happiness. It was the best feeling Frank has felt in a very long time. It was refreshing. "Frank. My son. My Frank is in the seven of the prophecy. Out of all the demigod's in the world. The fates choose my boy. Frank. You have no measure of imagination equaling to how proud I am of you. You've surpassed every exersice and training session life threw your way. You've fought in battles most dont wish to ever see in there life, and you've done it with flying colors. You've done good kid. With that. I, Mars, God of War hereby claim you my immortal son. You will be a legend in the Mars and Ares cabins and you will have that treacherous stick thrown away for good. I herby grant you the gift of strength. Let anyone that challenges you fall. Let any barrier that stands in your way be broken by your powerful strikes. You have made me proud. My son." And with a salute he walked back to his seat silently waiting for Frank to recieve his gift. As if on cue, Frank started to glow a bright red shine and floated up around 6 feet in the air. he stayed for exactly as long as Piper and then started to slowly decend to the floor. When he touched ground a blush went around the room to all the girls. He was ripped with gigantic muscles. but also very defined. he had a bulging six pack and arms a bit smaller then watermelons no flex ( :) ) he had zero body fat on him and had a very defined statue like face. Gone was the baby faced big clumsy Frank. Here taking his place was the deep voiced sculpted God. He was 6'3 and probably around 300 pounds of pure muscle. Some nymphs had passed out just staring at him. Anyways Frank, blushing the whole time went to sit beside Piper who gave him a hug and a sisterly peck on his cheek, before turning back to watch the next. "My son Leo Valdez. Kindly do step forward." Hephaestus nervously said. See he was never one for emotion. He never really understood it, machines were...simple. Easy to understand and easy to figure out. It was like an equation that always had an answer. But with human emotions. Well let's just say he was a D student. It was one of the things Aphrodite did not like about him. He never showed emotion. Like ever. She sorta, maybe, kinda grew to love him over the years and she only cheats on him to try to get attention from him but it never worked. He always stuttered and would retreat back to his lair type factory thing. " Leo Valdez. um.. As you know. you have fought bravely in this war. I have .. um you know. I've never seen such bravery or loyalty in my millenia of living. It has shocked and reminded me. Shocked because, well uh. I have never done anything for my children. But it seems that they were ready to die for me. And reminded...well. to be honest. It reminded me why I fell in love with your mother. Leo Valdez. I love you my boy. Which comes to my conclusion . As you know you have minor control over fire. I herby grant you minor control over machinary. Anything that has a motor or has metal you can control. Let your machines be your protectors and your friends. Let them guide you and let you invent until your end days. I love you son. " Okay. I think its safe to say that everyone in