I am very pleased and proud that Troth won the Gold Award for Best Bella/Carlisle in round three of the Non-Canon Awards Thank you! AN: I said I wouldn't abandon Troth . I keep my promises. After an extremely long time, Troth is back; and so am I. This is a repost and continuation of my fan fiction story, Troth . I couldn't find the time to update this story when my fiancé and I moved in together. As our first wedding anniversary was yesterday, I think it's time to end my hiatus. During my time away from Troth , I forgot the email to get into my former account 0acadiaelle0. It seems that this site has no provision for a lost email address, only a lost password. Despite numerous attempts to contact someone over the past few weeks, I have received no reply. Therefore, I am reposting and doing a new edit of the existing chapters of Troth . I hope to post old chapters that have been newly edited on at least a bi weekly basis. There may be some minor changes to the existing chapters. The later chapters may even see some plot changes. Then, I will continue Troth to completion. New chapters will be posted as the original 27 chapters were, as soon as they are completed. Now, for the usual disclaimers and acknowledgements... The Twilight Saga belongs to Stephenie Meyer, Summit Entertainment and anyone else who may legally claim ownership. No copyright infringement is intended. I do not write Edward/Bella fan fiction. Stephenie Meyer told their story. This story is about a romantic relationship between Dr. Carlisle Cullen and Isabella Swan. In this story Isabella Swan is over the age of 18 before she becomes romantically involved with Carlisle Cullen. Canon will, of course, be expanded upon making this story is AU. This story is categorized as Romance and Hurt Comfort, as those are the main themes. The characters do face more than their share of drama and some disturbing themes are mentioned later on in the story. However, I think it is safe to say that the overall story could not be considered dark in any way. When any disturbing themes are to be mentioned in a chapter, I will include a warning, in bold, at the top of the page. These warnings will allow you to skip any potentially disturbing themes. This story is rated "M" in accordance with this site's guidelines. Please keep in mind that this story is intended for readers that are 18 years of age or older. Thank you. I would like to thank StoryPainter for her brilliant beta-reading, up to and including chapter twenty-seven. Her work is invaluable. Any remaining mistakes are entirely my own. Troth Chapter 1: Encouragement Jasper followed Bella outside and silently observed her. Her face was upturned as she watched the large March snowflakes falling lazily in the moonlight. He knew he had to act. Alice had seen two distinct visions of Bella's future. His wife could see future, but she had no sense of the true feelings of those involved. He did. He knew. He couldn't let Bella stay on the path she was on without letting her know there was another; too many people would be hurt by it. Alice disagreed. Alice was in denial. He'd never been so thankful to be able to block Edward's gift. He smiled in memory of the days Carlisle had spent teaching them how to let Edward only read the thoughts intended for him. Jasper had struggled to master the skill, and in the end it was simple, because Edward didn't pry past the surface. He wanted to give his family privacy. Even if Edward did pry the techniques Carlisle had taught him were second nature to him now. Edward would not see anything in his thoughts that he wasn't meant to see. Jasper would have sighed in relief, had he been alive. Instead, he closed his eyes in a brief moment of gratitude that Edward didn't know what he was about to do. He knew that if Edward had any inkling of his intent he would be beyond reason, he would attack him in his rage. He stepped from the shadows and spoke softly. "Bella." She turned in surprise, but showed no fear of him. "Jasper, you startled me." He shook his head ruefully. He didn't have perfect control. She should be more cautious of him. "I'm sorry, I surely didn't mean to scare you." She smiled fully at him. "That's okay, Jasper, I'm not afraid of you." He returned her smile. "You should be." "Alice has seen that you won't hurt me." "Ah, but my darlin' pixie didn't know that I would be coming out here. I didn't make the decision until I followed you." "You followed me?" Bella asked in confusion. "I did. I need to talk to you, Bella. Could we walk?" Jasper motioned for Bella to precede him away from the house. "What's up, Jasper?" He just motioned for her to keep walking. As they neared the garage door Jasper spoke almost inaudibly. "I would like to go for a drive. I want to be sure that our conversation is private. I just hunted this afternoon, you'll be safe." "Oh," Bella responded, perplexed. "Okay." Once they were in the garage, Jasper held the passenger door of Emmett's Jeep open for Bella. "Hurry," he said, I want to leave before anyone decides to follow us. Bella slid into the car and began to buckle her seat belt. The engine roared to life and they were a mile away before she snapped the belt on. Bella opened her mouth to ask where they were going, but Jasper beat her to it. "I apologize for all the secrecy. I need to talk to you," he reiterated. "And I want to make sure no one hears us." They drove in silence for several minutes. Jasper made many unpredictable turns and sudden changes in direction. He hoped to confuse Alice's visions, at least for a little while. Finally, Jasper put down the throttle. Bella spoke as they pulled into a coffee shop in Kingston, "Wow. That was faster than Alice." "Yes," Jasper replied. "It was. No one's followed us, yet. You need to call Edward and let him know you'll be back in a couple of hours. We don't want a manhunt, do we?" "What do I tell him? I don't even know what we're doing here." "Tell him a friend drove you for a cup of coffee. After all, it's the truth. Tell him you want to chat for a bit." Bella hit speed dial. "Bella, where are you?" Edward asked sharply, neglecting to offer a greeting. "Edward, I-" Edward interrupted her. "Tell me where you are, I'll come and get you." Edward snapped. "Edward, no. I'm just having coffee with a friend, I wanted to let you know so you wouldn't wonder where-" "You didn't say you were going anywhere," Edward cut across Bella again. "I didn't plan it. It just sort of came up." Jasper could hear the conversation and he sent Bella a wave of calm and assurance. "Edward, I'm having coffee with a friend. It'll be a couple of hours, we have some catching up to do. I'll see you later." "I'll join you, Bella, tell me where you are and I'll-" Still bathed in the confidence Jasper sent her, Bella interrupted Edward. "Don't be silly, you'd be bored. I'll see you in a bit. Bye." Bella closed the phone. She could hear Edward demanding to know who she was with as she ended the call. Jasper reached over and took the phone from Bella's hand, powering it down in one swift motion. Jasper gave Bella one of his most charming southern smiles. "Why don't we go in and get that coffee?" he suggested, his smile reaching both his eyes and voice. Before Bella could unclasp her seatbelt, Jasper was opening the car door for her. They didn't speak as he held the door of the shop and guided her to a low table in the far corner. Bella settled, cross-legged, on a large pouf as Jasper sat on the short chair opposite. "Jasper, what's going on?" Bella asked tightly. The calm Jasper had sent for her call to Edward had receded entirely. Jasper's answer was prevented by the arrival of their server. Bella ordered a cafe au lait, and Jasper asked for coffee, strong and black, and added a sandwich for Bella. When the server left, Jasper smiled winningly at Bella. "You'll need the food, Bella. This is going to take a while." Jasper caught the tension that his statement had begun to build in Bella and he quickly added, "Don't worry, Bella. It's nothing bad. I just tend to talk slowly." "So what is it, Jasper?" "You know I can't help but know how you're feeling Bella. It's not something I can turn off. I'd like you to talk to me about your feelings." "What feelings?" Bella asked, confused. "You know that I know everyone's feelings, I can't help it. At this point, I can't continue to stand by and say nothing, even to please Alice." "I don't understand, Jasper. What are you saying?" "All I'm saying is that I know how you feel about Edward, and I know how Edward feels about you. Sometimes I know people's feelings before they've admitted them to themselves. I'm suggesting that maybe y'all should slow down a bit." "Are you saying Edward doesn't love me?" Bella asked. She looked stricken. "I wouldn't say Edward doesn't love you. I won't say more about his love for you, that's for him to say." Jasper was interrupted by the arrival of their drinks and Bella's food. The time it took before their server left gave Bella the chance to think things through. She realized that Jasper usually cut straight to the point. She knew he must have something big to tell her, and he was having trouble with it. That could only mean Alice had seen something. "What has Alice seen?" Jasper smiled at Bella's insight. "Alice has had visions, but this isn't about them. I can't speak for her. I'm only talking about what I've felt from you." Bella opened her mouth but Jasper was too quick for her. "Before you ask again, I can't speak for anyone else. I will say that I am not here to tell you that Edward doesn't love you." Jasper felt Bella become relaxed but her confusion was evident. "But, let me ask you this, have you ever had any kind of pet that you loved?" Bella was completely puzzled by the apparent turn in the conversation. "Yes, when I was little I had a cat, my mother is allergic to dogs, why?" Jasper just smiled. "Did you love your cat?" "Very much." Bella smiled. "You knew what was best for your cat, so you made the decisions for it." "Her." Bella corrected Jasper, as her confusion deepened. "Her," Jasper said with an apologetic smile. "So, you loved your cat and you knew what was safe for her because she couldn't know. Now that's real good, because your cat couldn't think of everything for herself. She certainly never heard of rabies, or the vaccine for it. So, without you making her decisions, she couldn't go to the vet for her vaccine. She couldn't have taken care of herself. She was a pet, that was the right thing to do. Did you miss her when you were away from her?" "I did. I remember worrying about her when she would disappear for longer than usual. It was impossible to think of my days without her being there. She was always there, quietly comforting me or bringing a toy so I'd play with her. It would distract me from my worries. She would always make me smile no matter how badly my day had gone. How could I imagine living