AN: So, I wrote this story in small bouts of creativity. I could see small moments take place, and I'd write them down. Eventually though, I could see beyond those moments. A lifetime. Some parts may be similar to those in Lolita, but this is because after envisioning the plot of this older man and younger girl, I had to have something to look at an example to. There aren't many similarities. Definitely not the same personalities. Edward isn't a pedophile, and Bella isn't his persuaded victim. The beginning is a bit lagging, so please hang in there, I promise it picks up the pace. Isabella, the sun to my day, the moon to my night. A burning fire in my heart, one that surely stuck me to the ground the moment my mongrel eyes absorbed her minuscule stature. Isabella, of the Spanish and Italian name Elizabeth, meaning 'God is my oath'. There was a Greek variation of her name as well, though I can't seem to recall it. As childhood melded into youthful responsibility, as she blossomed into the very exquisite creature that made my maturing body throb, I would whisper each of these to her. With such innocence in those brown - flecked with gold - eyes of hers , she would only see the flaw in my calling of her. My beautiful Isabella, who desired to be known as the plain Bells. The nickname couldn't have possibly rung like a bell, not like its precursor. The name Isabella was enchanting. It was hope during a long war. It was the ray of sunshine after a violent storm. It was the lord's prayer during a time of desperation. It was all of those things combined into one massive sphere of beauty that my mind had difficulty wrapping around after our first encounter. When was our first encounter? Well, there were several, precisely timed events that led to that heart-stopping moment. In the years of a closing millennium, I, Edward Anthony Masen Jr, was born in the seemingly nonexistent city of Alicante, Spain. I was born the son of Edward Masen Sr and Elizabeth Masen. My father was a complicated man; his face a fifteen puzzle. He was the heir to his parents - my grandparents - fortune. Though he never told me how much it summed out to, I assumed it was plenty considering he'd purchased several hotels and places of public gathering. Often hosting lavish parties with himself as the center of attention. In the midst of his young adult years, he rebelliously married Bree Tanner. My father had this saying " When a beautiful woman smiles, the world smiles back." I wouldn't remember this until I was a man of my own, with the proper vision to recognize the beauty that captured my Isabella. Of course, after hearing of my father's eloping, my grandparents didn't accept his first love, and cast her away with the endless supply that money was theirs. My father never smiled again. They paired him with a much younger woman who was born into the same pool of wealth. This, ladies and gentlemen, was my mother, Elizabeth. She was a small thing, much like my Isabella. Everything about her was fragile; her voice, her grip, her gaze. I'm surprised my father did not break her on their wedding night - being the carnal man he was. Surpassing his rough nature, he had a general disliking for the child bride. She was eighteen, and he was nearing his mid thirties. Somewhere in this chaotic mess, I was conceived, and later pushed out of the small Elizabeth Masen. As I had claimed before, my father never smiled after the departure of his one true love. So, at the birth of his first and only child, he simply nodded at my squawking infant self, and left the hospital. When I asked him about this as he told the story, my father claimed that I was the product of cowardice. That, if he had only been brave enough, would I never have been born. And my frail, petite mother would not have died from complications. There was a picture of her above my crib, and then above my bed as I aged. I wondered if I was even her son at all considering that we had no physical resemblance to each other. She was blonde, but I bore my father's copper locks. She was small, and already at the age of six was I more than half her size. Something in her eyes… I could find a semblance of myself in them. They were kind, intuitive, and cautious. Nothing like my father, who was brutish, distracted, and ignorant. Some - if not most - nights, I would kiss her picture goodnight. Already at the age of six was I growing tiresome of my life. There was no excitement. My father rarely let me leave the house to play with the other Spanish children, he claimed that the language barrier between us would prevent any sort of bonding. Perhaps the only socializing I got was when he had guests over. The dolled up women he hosted would compliment me on my developing looks and the amber shine of my eyes. Though, they never cared much for me after my father had his way with them. I was desperate for some form of attention. The maids were gentle with me. Yes, always gentle. But, they were maids. They cared for me as one would if they were getting paid for it. Where I wanted love and affection, they would only give me guidance. It was fake. It was cheap and plastic and I craved so much more. That's when my father introduced me to a distant friend of his: Renee Swan. She had bright, innocent (yet somewhat exhausted) eyes. Those eyes would bring me back to that single picture of my deceased mother, and I had trouble distinguishing the two when she would kiss my wounds and sing me a lulling tune to sleep. Renee Swan was a warming sun that was refreshing after such a seemingly long dark night. Even now, I can recall how much a difference her maternal presence made in my dull life. At the time of our getting to know each other, her stomach was rounded with child. Unlike the people of Alicante and Spain altogether, she spoke a warm English that my ears identified with. Her hair was a colorful brown that my child self was eager to caress; each time I did, she would blush an interesting shade of crimson. I'm sure that, at times, she would rather me play alone in my room than accompany her on her daily activities. But since her neglecting husband was out with my father, I was all she had. "Is it a boy or girl?" I had asked her one day as she knitted blankets. Renee turned, hand over her stomach with a loving smile. Her cheeks were glowing with motherly affection as she touched her abdomen. The answer was so small, so soft out of her lips that I swore I had misheard her. "Boy." Renee had said. I remember thinking to myself: this was my chance! A boy, I wouldn't be alone! We could play catch out by the koi pond, and swing on the swing set as the sun set in Spain. This was, perhaps, the best news I had heard in the entirety of my small, adolescent life. I was no longer alone. My days of solitude were numbered. "I'm not sure how Riley will treat his younger brother. He's been so saddened by the news of his arrival." She sighed to herself. "Riley?" I had repeated in confusion. "Who is Riley? You've never talked about a Riley before." My adolescent face contorted into confusion. I watched her fingers dance around the fabric of blanket as she considered her response. Just who was this man, and why did he disturb her so? Her cheeks had reddened to that lovely crimson before she answered me in that shy voice that amused me. "Ah. Riley is my first child. Such a problematic little thing…" Her blue eyes had drifted to some part of the room we were chatting in. "He's about your age. If not a few months older." My heart skipped without rhythm as my ears digested her words. "My age… where is he? Why is he not with you?" I asked her. Renee held up the blanket - examining it. It was as though she were trying to repress the answer. "Riley is a… troubled child," her eyelids closed heavily as she inhaled the warm Alicante air. I sat on the floor, legs crossed, with the utmost interest. Nothing, nothing at all could take me away from this intriguing back story. I personally had no experience with my mother, so to hear how sordid a relationship between mother and son could get was… new. "Long ago… Charlie - my husband - and I believed that we could not have children. That I was barren. We figured that it was a small bump in the road, that we could take in a child off of the streets, make the world a brighter place for a darkened soul." The smile she sported did not reach her eyes. "I supposed my husband picked out Riley because he looked so much like him. He sported the same chocolate eyes, the dark brown hair; he was practically a carbon copy of Charlie. The social worker told us that Riley's mother had been a… working girl. His mother had conceived him out of wedlock, and just tossed him away like he was - like he was trash the moment he was born!" Renee had thick, warm tears roaming down the length of her face as she described Riley's birth. I didn't really known the extent of how saddened I should be by this poor boy's story because, after all, I was only six . She sniffled once more before continuing. "Oh Edward, I knew the moment I picked him up that something was horribly wrong. Riley… he looked at me like I was a servant, and he had absolutely no emotion in his gaze! Charlie never saw this, heck, even my parents couldn't see the hatred brewing in that baby. As he aged, it was like he knew I wasn't his mother. He would call me by my first name, yet called Charlie father. " … sometimes, when I was with my husband," she shook her head in disgust for the next words that would leave her mouth. "I would catch Riley watching. " Renee whispered. I had some clue as to what she was insinuating. Being the son of a notorious philanderer, there were many times when his activities would echo throughout the hotel we resided in. A pounding against a wall, women(s) crying out as the pounding continued until, after a few minutes of my father's roughness, would scream in joyous relief as if she'd been carrying the weight of the world on her narrow shoulders. "He'd just stare at me from the adjacent bedroom door until we were finished." She shuddered. "Is that why he isn't with you now: because he's in trouble?" I questioned in my childish voice. Renee shook her head, clearing her throat so that she could pull more words out of her lips. "A few months ago, I found out that I was with child. I was over the moon about it! And, of course, so was Charlie. Perhaps the only person that didn't congratulate us over our new addition was Riley. The boy was absolutely livid. I'd never seen a child get so angry… his ivory face had turned the color of a ripened tomato, and he hit me! He attacked at my stomach until my surprised husband snatched him up and sent him to his room." I glanced at Renee stomach, grateful that it had grown into