Title: Rules of Counterpoint Author: htebazytook Rating: PG-13 Disclaimer: -- Pairing: Frodo/Sam Time Frame: Pre-Quest Author's Notes: This pairing was my first OTP, and it's high time I wrote for them. Musically infused Shire fluff. Wherein Frodo is the Paris Conservatoire and Sam is Debussy. Spring is fast approaching, and that means Frodo has to start thinking about lesson plans. It seems ridiculous to call them that when he constructs them more or less on a whim and builds them not so much to facilitate progress on his student's behalf as to keep himself engaged. Something musical this time, perhaps—it's been ages since Frodo sat down at the piano for more than a few listless minutes or at his uncle's request. Frodo would feel guilty about his lack of organization when it came to teaching, but he'd had Bilbo for a tutor for most of his life and clearly wasn't to blame. And in any case, Sam seems to enjoy their lessons no matter how obscure the subject, not matter how obviously arbitrary it is to Sam's life, and to be honest most of what Frodo had taught in recent years had been indulgent, silly things that didn't serve much of a purpose in his own life, either. The simple fact was that Frodo had run out of things to teach Sam. There were only so many times one could read the classics aloud without beginning to resent them, really. Sam had been eager and wide-eyed from, well, birth , and his voracity for knowledge apparently knew no end. He wouldn't mind what Frodo taught him, no matter how trivial, as long as he had something new to learn. Frodo really oughtn't feel guilty or lazy or any of those things—he had exhausted all the other subject matter. Honestly. Well, at least all of the interesting subject matter . . . Sam wouldn't mind. ----- Frodo dusts off the piano and sneezes, scrounges around for sheet music and tries to stop thinking in circles. This is what happens when you leave me to my own devices, Bilbo. What was so important in 'Bree' anyway? The melting snow must've made the path up to Bag End particularly muddy because when Sam arrives that afternoon he spends an inordinate amount of time trying to get it off his feet at the doorstep—so much time, in fact, that Frodo doesn't actually notice he's there until he walks down the hall to tidy up the parlor into some semblance of order before Sam can arrive and judge his halfhearted housekeeping. It's the angry muttering and the brisk gust of wind that gets his attention. "Sam. Er. Hello. How long have you been there, exactly?" "Oh, don't you worry, Mr. Frodo, I don't intend on muddying up the place . . ." "Please, Sam. I don't mind. It's not like I'll have to clea—um. Yes, well." Frodo doesn't understand why he has so much trouble remembering Sam works for them. Luckily Sam isn't paying attention—either that or he's politely pretending not to pay attention, which is worse. "There, all tidied up, now, sir. Sorry about that." A 'sir' already? Why does Frodo always manage to fail with so very much haste whenever Sam is involved? He sighs. "Please don't worry about it, Sam. Did you have tea already?" Sam finally looks at him, and Frodo imagines he's shot up another inch in the short collection of snowy weeks he'd been absent from the hole. His hair is longer, certainly. Rarely golden tinge to it that jumps out when the sun is placed just so in the sky, when Sam's eyes gleam to match it. Frodo wonders if he'll ever stop looking like an overeager child. He's, what, almost twenty now? "Well, sir, I wouldn't want to trouble you, of course . . ." Frodo waves it away. "You're going to sit down for a few consecutive minutes and drink tea and just be generally calm," Frodo says. Sam starts to protest again—" I would like some tea, so you can either join me or stand around and watch me drink it. Bilbo's not here, Sam. Come along and relax." Sam relents, even lets Frodo scurry around and do all the busywork, but Sam's interpretation of relaxation is so tense and watchful that it's making Frodo nervous. Honestly, Frodo has made tea by himself before —well, all right, the last time he'd burnt himself and the tea and demolished one of several collections of irreplaceable china, but that had been months ago, and in any case Sam hadn't known about it. Probably. Sam's been stifling smiles unsuccessfully since he walked through the door. Frodo hands him a teacup and smiles back in the hopes of getting him to actually relax. "All right, Sam?" Frodo asks, sitting down across from him. Tea at the kitchen table isn't very proper, but it's easier and Frodo is lazy and Sam would probably have a heart attack if Frodo made him sit on an expensive, unfortunately patterned 'antique' in the parlor. Sam exhales. "It's just . . . good to see you again, Mr. Frodo." Frodo tilts his head, sips his drink for something to do. "It hasn't been that long." Even though it's felt like it. Frodo doesn't exactly entertain all that much, and he's glad of the company. "I know that," Sam says, stirring in sugar and going about the whole tea affair with more decorum than Frodo ever has, except when under the scrutiny of his Brandybuck relatives. "So," Frodo says, clearing his throat. "I was hoping you might be interested in a different approach this year. How does music strike you?" Sam's eyes light up. "You mean like playing the piano? Sir?" Frodo nods. "Yes. Along with counterpoint and perhaps some singing too, although I'll admit I'm not the most proficient when it comes to the latter. Still, though, I think you'd enjoy it. I mean, your sisters probably play, don't they?" He can remember his older cousins practicing scales, remembers getting their attention by smashing down on the keys, trying to play himself when he was alone and failing miserably. "Um. Begging your pardon, Mr. Frodo, but yours is the only piano I know of on the Hill. I'd be honored to learn even a little bit, though, sir. If you have the time, of course, that is, I'm not keen on taking time out of your busy schedule just to—" "Oh don't be ridiculous. It's always a pleasure and never any trouble, Sam. You should know that by now." Not to mention how desperately bored I am. ----- By the time they reconvene in the parlor at the piano Frodo feels he's finally got his head on straight and remembered how to interact with other people, feels confident that no more oblivious or insensitive comments will make it past his lips. Frodo's been lecturing (blathering) about the origins of music for a while now, giving a brief little tour of its history in order to provide some kind of context for why composers write what they write. But Sam has been biting his tongue for a good fifteen minutes, bursting with the desire to say something. Frodo stops talking, smiles. "Yes, Sam?" "I just. What about the Elves, sir?" Frodo laughs. "Always with you and the Elves. But honestly, you make a good point. What we consider to be ancient music is sacred to them even today. They live for so very long that only slight variations in their compositions and poetry and performance practice ever really take place. So if you went to Rivendell, for example, you wouldn't hear the strict counterpoint we are used to hearing in a formal setting, and you certainly wouldn't hear a dance on a fiddle like you would at the Green Dragon. Elves don't really place a lot of stock in instruments, preferring instead to rely on voices with maybe just one low drone in the background for reference. But the point is that once upon a time, they introduced the concept of music to us and we integrated it and evolved it to where it is today." Sam just sort of blinks at him. "So . . . can we play some Elvish music?" "Well, the way we compose is a little different, so—" "Why?" Sam asks, in that tone of voice that never fails to bring flashbacks of a younger Sam, tugging at his pant-leg and asking Frodo Why? about everything under the sun. For the present though, Frodo doesn't have an answer. "Well. Well, uh, that's just how we do it. Um. For one thing, hobbits aren't in the habit of transcribing Elvish chant, and I doubt if Bilbo has a tambura around—well, actually he very well may . . ." "Sorry, Mr. Frodo, forget I mentioned it. We don't want you working yourself into a tizzy and ransacking Bag End for a whatsit," Sam smiles. It's comforting to know that someone besides Bilbo knows him so well. "No, you really do bring up a valid point there, Sam. Rarely do we even consider Elvish music in the study of counterpoint, even though chant and sacred modes and, you know, tetrachords and the different styles of singing genus lay the very foundation for the way we compose today . . ." "Right. Mr. Frodo, sir, as much as I enjoy hearing you talk, there sure is a fair amount of gibberish coming out of you just now, if you don't mind my saying so." He's amused. Frodo laughs. "Yes. I do apologize—staying holed up here with an entire library at my disposal has given me this tendency to get a bit carried away, sometimes." "I don't rightly know what you mean, sir." "Right. Right , well then. I suppose we ought to move on to the actual counterpoint now." Frodo picks up the quill he has balanced on the edge of the piano, scratches out a simple melody over the manuscript paper on the music rack. "There. Now this is merely a melody line, and it needs to be filled out with other voices. There are a number of rules that dictate how we can proceed, and it all starts with a typical chord progression, which also may only be written in a certain way with some cords unable to follow others because it would distort the sound and render it harsh and unpleasant to listen to. Now, one very common progression is I, IV, V, I, and it is our task to distribute all the notes of those cords between four voices in a way that does not contradict the melody, and—" "Begging your pardon, sir,"—and Sam sounds impatient—"but why is that what has to happen?" "I. Well —" "I mean, isn't the point of music to sound good? Why are there rules for something so simple?" "Well that's precisely it, Sam. The rules are what enable the music to sound pleasant and without them how would we know what to do to make it sound a certain way?" Sam continues: "You'd only have to listen, I suppose, and hear if it sounded good. Wouldn't you?" It certainly makes sense. "I suppose . . ." "Who came up with these rules, anyway? Someone could've just written something down or sang a song and felt good about it. Doesn't mean he wrote down a bunch of rules. D'you, see what I mean, sir?" "Yes. Yes, and to be honest I don't really know how these rules ever came about to begin with. In any case, I've written down some of the basics here,"—and he slides another sheet of paper onto the music rack—"just things like doubling, avoiding parallel fifths and octaves, which intervals are out of place when and which to never use to begin with, voice crossing, that sort of thing—it's all written out here with examples so just take a look at it for later. Right now we ought to move on