AN!: The first part of this chapter is a clone of the first chapter of Harry Steel Through Time. if you read that then you know most of the first chapter. However when they get to the mine things changes from then. The first part of this chapter was the preface to the RPG I set up. I put a bigger space and a line to skip to and a line to show the end of the changes. This story is a mix of the notes I took from the game and the more "cinematic" story I turned those notes into. Any time a character gets into a fight, makes something, decides to do something, or has a conversation with another character comes from the game my group played. The dialog is not word for word but the gist of the conversation that took place on the night of the game is all there. The characters are all based on the same characters from the other story. In fact the group is playing as those characters and they have the other story to base their play style off of. This made the game kind of odd for me. Most of the time it was like sitting in a room with four characters I made and it was strange. Also combat is streamlined in the story. Any time just Harry is in a fight it's most likely the whole group or Harry and Neville but I cut it down to just him so it's easier to follow. Also combat against a simple enemy like a zombie is cut down to he shot the zombie. Combat that took hours of turn based attacks is cut down to the good hits. We've had about 8 game sessions with real game play. That's good for about 4 chapters I have 2 chapters pretty much done. I will be posting about a chapter every week. If I have time to write more I will pump out two chapters a week. But I can only go as fast as the game goes. Now on with the show! Harry looked down at his watch as the sunlight crested over the tops of buildings in the distance bringing some hope of warmth to the cold mid october air. He sat up in the lounge chair, cracked his neck, and rolled his shoulders. He pulled a Marlboro Red from a gold cigarette case and lit it with his gold zippo. As he took a deep drag he stood up from the lounge chair. He looked down at his black suit and waved his hand over himself to get the wrinkles out. He ran his hand over his face and felt the stubble of not shaving for two days. He looked over the balcony ten floors down and watched the busy street below. Traffic was light this time of the day but in a busy city like Moscow people never stopped moving. He bent down and grabbed the black Zojirushi bottle and took a sip of still warm coffee. Harry saw movement in the hotel room across the street. A man in his late forties was walking around the big suite of rooms in bathrobe as two working girls got up and got dressed. Harry watched the two very expensive looking women in their mid twenties pull on lacey undergarments. He blinked and smiled, as he went back to looking at traffic again, this time he spotted three black Mercedes S550's rolling down the block and into the driveway of the building across the street. Harry checked his watch and nodded. 6am, the kid was telling the truth. Ten men dressed in black suits got out of the three black cars, four of the men were carrying two big black military style crates in pairs. Four other men had MP5Ks in hand as they walked into the lobby. Harry put away his black thermos in his black leather messenger bag, hushed out the but of his cigarette, and picked up the Falkor Defence Petra rifle. He loaded up the magically expanded 100 round box mag, chambered the first magically enhanced .300 win mag round, and took a knee resting the Magpul angled fore grip on the balcony railing. He watched as the man in the apartment ushered the working girls back into the bedroom and told them something. They ran into the ensuite bathroom and the man opened the door to the room. The ten men came in starting with the four men with the guns, they checked the room and bedroom but not the bathroom. Sloppy, Harry thought as he shook his head. The four men with the black crates came in next and they were followed by a fat man and a tall man who never left the fat man's side. Harry watched the meeting through his magic scope. The men by the crates opened the lids to show off ten gold bricks in each crate. The man in the robe pulled out a laptop and showed the fat man files on a computer. The men shook hands. That's when Harry acted. Starting with the guys holding the submachine guns Harry dropped all of the men in the room except for the fat man and the man in the robe with nine perfect headshots in four seconds. The rifle made no sound and there was no flash. Most of the men in the room died before they even knew what was going on and the rest didn't know where the shots were coming from. The spent shell casings vanished before they could hit the ground. Harry stood and slung the rifle and his bag over his shoulder, drew the Sig p226 from his shoulder holster, and popped into the room with his gun trained on the fat man. He swept the room with his eyes and made sure all the men were dead before he advanced on the fat man. He grabbed his tie and turned his head to look at him. "Hello Dimitri, what did I tell you last year about buying stolen British intel?" Harry asked in the tone of voice a school teacher uses on her unruly first grader. "I'm sorry, I did not know he was British until I got here." The man said in a heavy Russian accent. "I let you slide last time, I can't let you off the hook for this one." Harry said letting go of the man's tie and pointing his gun at his face. "NO Wait! I have information, warehouses full of black market goods, military grade weapons, aircraft, and explosives!" He said. "I cleaned out your warehouses three hours ago." Harry said. "I know a man that can get you Russian ICMB!" The fat Russian said. "Who the hell can't get their hands on one of those? Besides I've cut a deal with your nephew Anton already, he's my guy in the Bratva now." Harry said shrugging. "I can give you! I can…" He ran out of steam as Harry's words sunk in. "Not the face, da?" he asked. "Goodbye Demitri." Harry said shooting him three times in the chest before turning on the man in the bath robe who was trying to crawl over to the coffee table where one of the guys MP5Ks fell. "Really Nigel?" Harry asked shooting the man in the leg. "Aaahh! I had to try." The man said rolling over holding his leg. "Well don't. You're just going to make this hurt more. Now I'm guessing the files are on the laptop? Is that all of them, you know the drill. Talk or I hurt you." Harry said. "The files are on that laptop. I have a backup drive in the bedroom taped under the nightstand drawer." He said. "Thank you." Harry said pointing his gun at his head. "Wait don't you want to know who the mole inside MI-5 is?" The man asked. "How do you think I found you?" Harry said putting a bullet between his eyes. He shrank the two black crates, summoned all the guns off the dead guys into his bag and tossed the laptop inside. He walked into the bedroom and pulled the nightstand drawer out and flipped it over spilling the contents of the drawer, a gold watch and a big wad of Euros, on the floor. He took the flash drive and the watch before walking to the bathroom door. He knocked and heard the two girls cowering inside. "You two didn't see anything, you didn't hear anything, you were hired to do a job, you did it, and you left this morning. You know nothing." Harry said in Russian. "Da." He got back. "Good girls. I left money on the floor in the bedroom for you." Harry said before he popped back to the balcony across the street. He shrank and summoned the three cars and popped away to a side street three blocks away. He walked to his BMW M3 and got in. He sank down in the leather seat as he pulled out his smartphone and called the office. Hermione's disheveled face came on the screen and that put a smile on his face. "Hey Mia, how's life treating you? Wait isn't it like four in the morning there?" He asked. "It is, I was working on something and lost track of time so I took a nap on my couch in the office. As for how we're doing, good for the most part, were swamped here dealing with that shipment you sent us three hours ago. That's what woke me. It took up most of the storage space when we started unpacking it." She said with a smile. "Well it was four hangars full of inventory. Most of it is shit Russian military surplus AK47s and Makarov's, but there were a few nice things in there as well. That pair of SU-34s were nice. I kept the five crates of C-4, and a few of the crates of RPGs, but the rest of it is mostly junk. The black market booze and cigarettes are what was good." Harry said rubbing his face. "You look tired Harry. Now I'm second guessing this next assignment, but I swear this is the last one for a few weeks. You need some down time. I wouldn't send you if it wasn't important." She said. "I'm fine, I can rest when I'm dead. Where am I going next? Somewhere warm I hope." Harry asked. "You're going to the America, to a spot outside of Las Vegas. The local aurors called us to come investigate an old mineshaft. Something about missing local kids and glowing stones in the mine. The local Aurors looked at it but magic stops working in the the mine and the area around it for two hundred feet. It's an odd anomaly like a magical damping field. Research sent a new Unspeakable, Abigail Gibson, to look into it. She's from America and tribal magic is her field of study. She was sent out a little over three days ago, she sent a short report telling her boss she met with the local aurors and she was going to go into the mine to investigate, and then nothing. She stopped reporting. The local Aurors can't find her. I need you to go find her. See what the hell is going on Harry. She's a 23 year old, good kid, but she's green." Hermione said looking worried. "Send me the portkey and the file on her and anything else you can think of. I'm sending you the stolen intel. I'm using Portkey sticker 55183. Send me the files using portkey sticker 55184." Harry said taking out a gold business card holder and pulling a yellow circle sticker with a black number string printed across it on a white business card. He stuck the flash drive to the laptop, peeled the sticker off the business card and stuck it to the laptop. "I'll do