AN: As I come to the end of The Sentinel, for now, I've been looking through my old Odd Ideas file to find my next project and I've noticed a pattern. All my Harry Potter stories are variation on the same theme. Spy/Warrior Harry Potter that handles thing with a gun or a blade rather than a wand and long winded spells. Trigger happy with little regard for the life of his enemy, and cold. Master of War Harry was Jack Bauer, he did what he had to do for his country. Shadow Harry was a mindless weapon that found something to fight for. Unspeakable Potter is a washed up old Spy that has doubts about still having his edge. Investigator Harry Steel is a Harry that's a soldier coming home from war only to find he can't stop fighting and it's not his home anymore. He's young, cocky, foul mouthed, and ruff around the edges. He's also impressionable and eager to please his new family. This is the first chapter of Investigator Harry Steel. I hope you like it. It was the first week of June, 2000. Anywhere else, and that would mean the sun would be shining. The birds would be chirping. The flowers would be blooming. Unfortunately, Harry was in Scotland, and the castle was under siege. Harry smiled at that little joke in his head. He had to make jokes like that or he would go crazy. Well, crazier than he already was. As time passed and he got older Harry was slowly starting to think that maybe he might be playing with less than a full deck of cards. He was a fool, that he was sure of. He knew that because he was still here. Still fighting this war. A war it seemed like no one really wanted to win. It was like the whole country was stuck playing this sick game of cops and robbers. The Death Eaters attacked. The Order responded. Spells would be thrown. Some Death Eater would die. Some Order members would die. The Death Eaters would escape. The Order would fix what they broke. The whole time the sheep would keep on living like nothing was going on. The Ministry would try to arrest the Order for some bullshit reason. Rinse and repeat for years. Like a bad dream you couldn't wake up from. Still today felt different for some reason. Like an end to all the bullshit. Looking around he was shocked by the level of destruction and death. This was not a normal raid. Normal raids didn't last this long. They weren't this violent. Dead bodies wherever you looked. Death Eaters. Order members. Children. It was the children he was most shocked about. Some of them were the children of the Death Eaters themselves. Harry was so shocked that he almost missed the bolt of green light heading his way. But two years of working with Moody drilled situational awareness into his head. At the last second he dove into a roll and came up firing a chain of battle spells at Riddle. The same chain that had killed countless Death Eaters. It started with a bone breaker to the chest and ended with a blasting curse. Tom didn't even move from his spot in the middle of what used to be the Great Hall. He just batted them away with the flick of his wand as he laughed. "You are weak Potter! Is that the best you can do?" He asked tossing a killing curse at Harry causing the 19 year old to dive out of the way. This time Harry rolled behind a destroyed stone wall for cover. This was not working. Everything he threw at Riddle since the battle started an hour ago got blocked or batted away like nothing. He was running low on power, and judging by the sounds of spell fire and explosions coming from the rest of the castle the battle was still raging on. No one was retreating this time. Chancing a glance over the wall he saw Neville and Hermione fighting in tandem to put down Bellatrix. The bitch might be nuttier then squirrel shit but she knew how to fight. The two gave as good as they got and the fight looked pretty even, but it only took one missed spell and he would lose the last two people he cared about. He needed to end this battle soon. "Come out Harry! Come and face me so I can kill you!" The Dark Lord called out in a mocking voice. Harry shook his head and looked down at his wand. It was still smoking from the last chain he used and the tip was still glowing. He knew that was the best stuff he had in his arsenal and it didn't even faze the Dark Lord. "Looks like I have to go with your suggestion Moody." Harry muttered to himself with a smirk. Harry stood calmly and walked out into the open to stand across from Riddle. He held his wand loosely in his right hand. "I'm right here Tommy. Lets finish this." He called out and his smirk grew when he saw Tom's red eyes narrow. The Dark Lord didn't even taunt him. He just raised his wand and fired the killing curse. Harry waited until the last second before bringing his wand up and firing the stunning spell. The two spells connected and locked the brother wands together in a glowing ball of light. Riddle scowled but his face shifted to shock when Harry reached behind his back with his left hand and pulled a muggle gun out. Harry drew the old rust marked 1911 he found in a trunk in his aunt's basement years ago and held it waist high in a tight grip like Moody taught him to. Harry was a damn good shot too. Many Death Eaters could attest to that fact. Or they could if they weren't dead. But shooting off hand while keeping up a spell? This would be tricky. Sucking in a quick deep breath, he fried four times in quick succession but once was enough to get the job done. The 230 grain copper jacketed slug tore a fist sized hole in Riddle's chest killing him almost instantly. The other three shots were overkill. The bark of the old GI issued sidearm stopped the fighting dead as everyone looked at him standing over Riddle's body holding the muggle gun. "Harry, is he dead?" Hermione asked in shock. It was like everyone stopped what they were doing. Like when you're a little kid and the game stops because someone got hurt and you were waiting for a grown up to come help the injured kid. Even Harry was shocked. Years of fight a magical war and seeing all the death and devastation that came with it and it all ended with a muggle bullet. Before he could answer her question Riddle's body flashed once, twice, three times and a pulse of light shot out of him in a wave knocking out the death eaters and Harry. Harry came to on a hospital bed in St Mungo's. He stretched but stopped when he found his right wrist cuffed to the bed. "What the fuck?" He muttered. Waving his left hand over the cuff he tried to open the lock. But he felt nothing. No power flowed through him and he started to panic. Did he lose his magic? Then he thought about it. No, he couldn't have lost his power because he could still see without his glasses and the enchanted tattoo that fixed his vision only worked for wizards with magic. He used his left hand to pull the blanket back and checked to make sure he wasn't hurt. He could see and feel all the battle scars he collected over the war but when he got to his head he couldn't feel the scar. The one that made him the Boy-Who-Lived. It must have faded with Tom's death. Good he thought, one less thing to deal with. Still why the fuck was he shackled to the bed for? He was pretty sure he just ended a decade long war. That made him a hero right? This was not how the hero was treated was it? The door to his room opened and a dower looking heavy set nurse walked in. This was not unusual but what she did next was. She shut the door behind her and locked it before pulling her wand and casting a few spells at the door. "Harry, you have to listen to me very carefully. I know you just got up but I need you sharp. Here drink this. It's pepper up." She said handing him a small phial. "Do I know you?" Harry asked looking at the phial, but not taking it. She sounded like Hermione but his training taught him to question everything. "It's me, Hermione." She said trying to get him to take the potion. "Right, prove it." He said sitting up as far as his cuffs would allow. "We don't have time for this Harry. Your guards will be back any minute. My password is peanut butter cup." She said looking at him with panic on her face. "Guards? What the hell happened?" Harry asked getting his bearings back. "After you killed Riddle his magic gave off a pulse and it knocked out you and the death eaters, including half the Wizengamot, and Minister Fudge. That was five days ago. In that power vacuum Ogden, Crabtree, and Greengrass took control of the ministry and the Wizengamot because they were the only senior members left with power. Their first order of business was to arrest all the Death Eaters that were knocked out." She said. "Then why the hell am I shackled to the bed?" Harry asked. "Their second order of business was to arrest you for use of a Muggle Firearm to kill Riddle. Really they just want you out of the way because they're afraid you'll take over. The man that can kill a dark lord can definitely kill three corrupt politicians. Through our contacts at the ministry we found out you are going to be tossed into Azkaban without trial today when the morning session of the Wizengamot ends. That's in twenty minutes. Now drink this." she said handing him the phial. Harry drained it and steam shot out of his ears. In seconds he felt flush and energized. "So three power hungry politicians are running the country. What the hell happened to our people? Arthur? Diggory? Bones? Hell I would even take Minerva at this point. We need to mount a defense. Get me a law wizard. We can fight this. Where's Andy Tonks?" Harry asked sitting up and sliding off the bed to stand next to Hermione. He stood in his boxers and nothing else but he didn't mind Hermione seeing him like that. She was his sister. "Arthur is hurt. Diggory and Bones are dead. Andy is trying to keep the Wizengamot from turning on each other and Minerva is trying to round up the kids and rebuild the school. The ministry is in shambles and right now we can't do a damn thing about anything. Half the Aurors are taking orders from Shack and the other half are working for Ogden. Our only chance to regain any power is with the election in two months. We can get Arthur healthy and elected Minister. Right now we need to get you out of the country. The power of the Wizengamot only extends to this island. I cleaned out your things from the safe house and I collected your ready cash. Neville set up a meeting with Ragnok at the bank. They know what's going on and they hate Ogden for his use of muggle banks to avoid paying their banking fees. We figured you could hide out for a few months and when the