This story is indeed set in an AU. The only differences are... well, you'll have to see. Most of them are in this chapter. I decided to write a story that critiques the guardian Pertemis type stories in a way that isn't just an analytical essay. And I plan on doing it in an... interesting way. It's not that I hate guardian stories, or the Pertemis typing. In fact, they're some of the most enjoyable stories. Forbidden love and such. But now everyone and their mother is writing a Guardian fic, and some of them even parody themselves. I feel it's necessary to outline exactly why some guardian stories are great, and why most are terrible. But, I'll do it in a fun and engaging way. I hope you're ready for a hell of a ride. And, please forgive the OC. He's... necessary. It can't be Percy, because Percy needs to be Percy. It'll become clear soon enough, I promise. Disclaimer:I don't own PJO. Flying is an incredible feeling. It's better than riding a rollercoaster, or drifting in a sports car. It's the feeling of total, effortless freedom. And, let me tell you, flying while made of air is a hundred times better. I should introduce myself. I am a wind spirit, with a strength comparable to the average demigod. My name is too hard to pronounce, not to mention long, so I go by Nathan. There's no particular reason. I don't have much elemental power, other than transforming into wind and propelling through the skies, but that's fairly useless in battle, as I can't carry anything with me. I say I have strength equal to a demigod only because I've had a very long time to perfect my martial arts, and am much more skilled in a duel without powers than a demigod. I'm not really all that special. Except, of course, that I'm immortal. Or, I was immortal. I chose to make myself mortal so I could participate in the Titan war. While the two camps fought their battles, I was part of a very loose force that dealt with the increased monster attack rate throughout America. In short, instead of choosing glory, I chose to protect mortals. But, far from being an unsung hero, I think it was just cowardice. Unfortunately for me, when I became mortal, I lost my ability to fly. Very upsetting. I'm still much faster than a mortal of my build should be, but it's just not fun at all. Naturally, I wanted to get back to Olympus as fast as possible to change back into an immortal. An immortal can willingly change into a mortal, with enough effort, but no mortal can become immortal on their own. So, when I finally realized monster attacks were slowing down, and found out from some Romans that the war was over, I found myself in California. With my running speed, around 15 mph, running for approximately 12 hours a day, it should have taken me just over two weeks to get to Olympus. Unfortunately, it took me a lot, lot longer than that. Here, I begin my story. I was running through the Mark Twain National Forest when it happened. The event that would forever change my life. I got knocked out cold. "Wait, what?" you may be asking yourself. And indeed, it makes no sense. One moment, I was running through the trees, and the next, I hit an invisible barrier of some kind directly with my skull, and I was out like a light. When I came to, I was being pushed backwards, scooting along the ground. I looked all around to see what was causing it, but found nothing. It didn't make any sense. What was going on? I realized that whatever barrier I had hit before was now pushing be back. I quickly decided that before I was squashed against a tree, I should run to where it was pushing me. And to this day, I'm not sure if I made the right decision. But then again, I doubt I could've done anything different. I ran for three or four minutes when it happened. I ran directly through the Huntresses' camp. And I kept running. For three or four more minutes, anyways. Then I hit the wall again. But this time, I didn't get knocked out. Maybe before, it had been moving backwards, and the additional speed had caused me to lose consciousness, but this time, I had no such luck, and it hurt like a son of a bitch. I started running to the right, to see if the wall ended. And I kept running. I ran for hours. But I never left the forest. I realized, somewhat unceremoniously, that I had been running in circles. Or rather, in one big circle. It was big enough to convince me that I was going straight as I ran my hand along it. I realized that I had no choice. It was them. The huntresses. I didn't know what they did, or how they did it, but for the time being, I was stuck with them. I needed information fast. I wrote the letter alpha, and the letter omega beneath it, and I ran in a circle. I don't know why, but I wanted it to seem like a race. Maybe it was so I could use my top sprinting speed, to get an accurate measurement. Incidentally, my sprinting speed was exactly 25 mph on the nose. Knowing this, and the time it had taken me to run the circle, I found that the circle was 6.3 miles in circumference, which meant that it was just over one mile in radius. I only had one mile between me and the huntresses. One mile between me, and certain death. I didn't know what I was going to do. Do I hide myself until the barrier goes away? Who knows how long that would take. Do I announce myself to the huntresses, and hope they don't kill me on the spot? I was rather found of my privates, so that option was out for the time being. I decided I would wait a while longer, but food was a necessity I needed to secure. I only carried two longswords with me from my time in the war, so I had no hunting weapons. I had a canteen with enough water for about a day. That was my time limit. One day before I needed to appeal to the Huntresses. I was not looking forward to it. Deciding to conserve my energy, I sat was my back against the wall, so I would know if it moved or not. I took out my trusted blades from their scabbards, and a whetstone from my pocket, and started sharpening them. I suppose now would be an apt time to describe myself a little more. I look about 18, though naturally I'm several thousand years old. I think that if I said I was moderately good looking, I wouldn't be lying, though I don't have much confidence. My brown hair was short, and stuck up at the front, and my only distinguishing feature was my big nose. Though, it wasn't all that big. My eyes were brown, but nothing special. I was pretty ordinary. I was wearing a gray windbreaker over a red T-shirt, and comfortably loose khakis, with a modified sword belt holding them up, as well as a scabbard on either side. The scabbards were detachable, with a little work, and so I laid them in my lap while I worked on the swords. I chose many years ago to fight with two swords, rather than a sword and shield, as the shield would slow me down, and as a wind spirit, speed was everything to me. A two handed blade was decidedly un-Greek, and fighting with a single one handed blade with nothing in the offhand was utterly foolish. No truly good fighter in history fought with a single sword and nought else, for good reason. Someone who fought like that could be easily defeated. While the sword hand blocked the blow of such a fighter, the offhand could be used freely, to lethal effect. It is simply unheard of. At any rate, I had built up something of a reputation as a duelist during the war, as many warriors not on the front lines were itching to do battle with humanoids, and I proved my skill at single combat time and time again. Of course, if it was a battle of life and death, I am sure I would lose handily to anyone with decent powers and swordsmanship, but in a duel between swordsman, I cannot think of a time I fought when I was not the victor. However, this meant little to me, as I knew that given the time I had, anyone could become as strong as I. I was nothing special, really. As I sat there, on the ground, sharpening my longswords, also nothing special, really, I thought of how I would approach the Huntresses' camp. Eventually I decided that the best course of action was to request an audience with Artemis. This way, the huntresses might be fooled into thinking that I might be important, and my instant death might be inadvisable. It would also show that I was not an ignorant mortal who foolishly wandered in, and my being turned into a small furry creature instantly might also be avoided. If I shouted from the edge of camp with my hands raised, I might just survive. I had no foolish illusions that I could fend off the arrows of the huntresses. Perhaps I could defeat one in single combat, or even two, but any more than that and I was as good as dead. Next, I had to plan what I would say to the huntresses when they responded. I decided I would tell them that I was a soldier in the war, and I had urgent business with Artemis. This was not, strictly speaking, a lie, and might get me into Artemis's tent. I decided I'd improvise the rest if it cam to it. As for what I'd say to Artemis, I would just tell her exactly what happened, and ask if she knew what happened to me. If I died, I would die. I had no real qualms with death. I wasn't sure I'd make it to Elysium, but I was fairly sure I'd avoid the Fields of Punishment. All in all, I was set to enter the camp of the Hunt after I slept. And sleep I did. My head ached after being in what was essentially two low speed car crashes in one day. I had no dreams whatsoever, which was fairly odd. When I became mortal, I started to have odd dreams and premonitions, and though they were often unpleasant, I had hoped I would have one explaining the situation. I wasn't so lucky. I awoke to an arrow in my face, and a woman's voice. I was lying flat on my back and my swords were behind the woman "What are you doing here? Explain, now, or die!" the woman said, very unpleasantly. She herself was not unpleasant, with pleasing proportions. She seemed 17 or 18, the average age of the Huntresses. Foolishly, I decided to continue with my plan. I was tired, having just woken up, and surprised, so I made what one would call an "error." I sat up, rubbed my eyes, and said, "I would like to request an audience with Lady Artemis." I was promptly shot through the leg. I cried out, in pain. "Explain what you're doing here, or this time, I will kill you," she repeated, completely unfazed. "I-I'm-I was a soldier for the Greeks in the war and I'm returning to Olympus!" I managed to spit out. "Then tell me why I shouldn't kill you for running through our camp yesterday night. We've been looking for