I've had this idea in my head for a very long time, and it was only the publication of a similar story that caused me to actually write it. I'll refrain from commenting on the quality of the story to which I refer, Shattered, by Josh the Pleb, but I will say that while similar, it is not the same story. Not even remotely. This is slightly AU, as you'll see in the very beginning. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Any verbatim phrasing is used entirely for effect, and otherwise was carefully avoided, using the source material as a guideline. Without further adieu, Chapter One! Percy lay in the throne room, with Luke-turned-Kronos standing over him. His friends were dead. Riptide was in the fire. The gods were nearly dead, too, with their thrones destroyed. And Percy was about to join them. He heard the horrible laugh of the Titan Lord echoing throughout the room. "You put up a good fight, pitiful demigod," Kronos said, with a terrifying smile. Percy braced himself for death. "As a reward, I'll kill you quickly. Begone!" Percy steeled himself with all his might, summoning all his power in what he knew was a vain attempt to repel his enemy's blade, and shut his eyes in anticipation. But the scythe never met his weak spot. He kept his eyes shut, still bracing for the impact of the scythe. That was when he felt an overwhelming blast of energy strike his head, which he tried desperately to counter, but failed. He was dead. Or so he thought. The pain never left his head, but he wasn't... Actually, he wasn't really sure what was supposed to happen when you died. Maybe this was it? He opened his eyes cautiously. He was no longer in the throne room. There was no Kronos. His dead friends weren't here either. This room was small and warm. Actually, it was this bed that was warm. And these sheets. Huh? Just where on Earth was he? He looked around, and blinked his eyes repeatedly. He was in a small dark room, and finally, he realized where he was. He was at his dorm room. His dorm room in Yancy Academy. His head was swimming. This wasn't. This couldn't be. There was no way... this had all been a dream? Was there? He didn't understand what was happening. Throwing off the covers, he looked down at his body. He was, in fact, 12 years old again. He didn't know what was happening. He leapt out of bed, threw open his door, and ran down the hall. He had to remember where the nearest water fountain was, but when he did, he ran straight for it. He needed to make everything hadn't been one long dream. He quickly made his way to the water fountain. His fingers trembling, he feverishly pressed down the button, releasing the water. And he was able to control it, as if nothing had happened. He even noted it was easy to do. He had as much control as before. He slunk down, panting heavily. "So it wasn't a dream. Haha, how could it have been? No dream lasts four years. Gods, I really am a Seaweed Brain." He remembered Annabeth, and his heart sank. He remembered what had happened in the throne room. "Luke, please! I've never stopped loving you! Please, come to your senses!" Annabeth screamed. Kronos's cold voice responded, "Luke is dead, stupid halfblood. There is only me." But Annabeth refused to believe it. "Luke, I know you're in there! I love you! Please, just, come back!" Percy's heart broke. Somewhere, deep inside, he'd always known. She'd only ever loved him like a brother. She was confessing to Luke. Suddenly, the Titan lord's scythe flashed and Annabeth's head dropped to the floor. Kronos said, evilly, "I told you. Luke is dead." Percy felt the tears start to fall down his cheeks. He needed to get back to his room. If he let it all out here in the hallway, everyone'd hear. He didn't want to get embarrassed, and have to explain himself. He ran back to his dorm room, closed the door, and threw himself onto his bed. Why? Why did love have to hurt this much? Why did he get sent back in time, if he didn't get to be with Annabeth? It wasn't fair! But really, why did he get sent back in time at all? Was it the fates? No, they weren't that kind to him. If it was time travel, then... did Kronos accidentally send his consciousness back in time? Was it something Percy did? Percy decided he'd figure these things out after he finished sobbing. And sob he did, albeit silently. It was amazing he hadn't woken Grover up. He had only just remembered that Grover shared a room with him. For hours, he cried. Even though he had gotten this second chance at everything, he still cried. The pain wasn't erased. And Annabeth's confession still stung fresh in his mind. After he had stopped sobbing, though tears still fell, he decided. Things would be different this time. This time, he would win. He'd find some way to expose Luke. No, to help Luke. Luke had been killed. It was Kronos who killed his friends. He needed to tell Luke about how much Hermes cared about him, somehow. Or maybe, somehow, he'd get stronger than Luke. He had four years, after all. Whatever he decided to do, he needed to find out when exactly he was. But he was so tired. He decided that, before anything, he really needed to sleep. When Percy woke up, his head still ached, though not nearly as bad. He wondered if he still had the curse of Achilles, but that could wait. He glanced at his alarm clock, but the date didn't particularly mean anything to him. He scampered around his room, looking for anything to tell him what exactly he was supposed to do in this stupid school. When was class, what were his classes? He didn't remember any of it. Finally he found what he was looking for. The information sheet for the field trip to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. The day things had taken a turn for the worse. The day that was... today!? He jumped up and threw on his clothes. "Hey, Grover, what's up?" Percy asked Grover, who was already awake. "Nothing much, man. You ready for the field trip?" "Uh, yeah, dude," Percy said, as he tried to remember anything about his life at this time. "I'm pretty excited for this one. Don't you love C-Mr. Brunner?" Percy was terrified he had already been exposed, but Grover didn't seem to notice. "Yeah, he's really cool," said Grover. Percy followed Grover around until they finally got on the bus for the field trip. Percy remembered Nancy Bobofit. He wondered what he'd do differently this time. If he never antagonized her, how would Mrs. Dodds get him alone? Would she actually try this time? The bus started moving at the same time Nancy started to tear off a piece of her disgusting peanut butter and ketchup sandwich. Percy knew he wasn't going to put up with her this time. He wasn't going to fight her, but he could still protect Grover. A chunk of sandwich flew threw the air. Percy's hand shot out and caught it. He was glad his reflexes were still strong, even if it felt very odd being so short and weak. Nancy looked annoyed. She tore off a slightly bigger piece and threw it. Percy caught that one too. And the next one. And the next one. Eventually, Percy had the entire sandwich in his hands. And Nancy looked absolutely pissed. She started getting up, and looked about ready to start fighting, but the bus stopped and everyone started getting off. "Um, thanks a lot Percy. Sorry you have to protect me all the time." This time, Percy knew what he meant. Grover was supposed to protect Percy, but Percy had spent most of this year protecting Grover. Percy decided he'd try to make him feel better. "It's alright, Grover. You'd do the same for me." Percy saw that Grover did, indeed, look a little better. Percy decided that he'd save everyone he could, and try to do everything he could to make people feel better. But he couldn't tell anyone. He had barely survived the gods' wrath originally. If they figured out he had some amount of special experience, they'd never believe what he said. This needed to remain a secret. It wasn't as though the gods could read minds or memories or something, right? At least, he'd never witnessed this. You'd think, if that were possible, no one would be able to turn traitor at Camp, because Dionysus was there. At least, this was Percy's hope. They all shuffled off the bus, and into the museum, where Chiron led the tour. Percy knew Nancy and her friends weren't going to be quiet so he ignored them. It was interesting how much more patient he had become over the years. Eventually the tour came to the stele with Kronos, and Chiron asked Percy what the pictures meant. Percy was determined to give the right answers- all the right answers- this time around. He was Percy 2.0. "That's the Titan King Kronos-" Percy shivered as he said his name "-devouring his children, the gods, after learning of a prophecy that predicted his downfall at the hands of his children. But his wife, Rhea, hid his youngest son Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to swallow instead. Some time later, Zeus infiltrated his father's palace as a servant, and tricked his father into drinking a poison that caused him to barf up his children, causing the war between the Titans and the gods, called the Titanomachy, which the gods eventually won. The gods killed their father, sliced him into bite sized pieces with his own scythe, and threw him into Tartarus." There was a stunned silence. When had Percy started sounding so smart? Even Nancy Bobofit had nothing to say. Percy realized he had to dial way back on the knowledge. He was real suspicious, and he knew it. "Er, yes, that is correct. On that happy note, I believe it is time for lunch. Everyone please follow Mrs. Dodds back outside," Chiron said, cautiously. Just before Grover and Percy left, Chiron stopped them. "Mr. Jackson." Percy told Grover he'd catch up. "Yeah, Mr. Brunner?" Chiron stared Percy down straight in the eyes, sea green against intense brown. Percy was terrified Chiron knew, somehow. "Do you have any idea why your studies are important in real life?" Percy felt a flush of relief. Who'd expect this sort of time travel? He was relatively safe from being discovered, but considering how close he had gotten to being vaporized by the gods before, he needed to keep his power to a minimum. Save everyone he could, but don't let on that he had the skill of someone four years older. That was his plan. "Er, because they teach us lessons about life?" Percy asked nervously. "That is true," Chiron said slowly, "but your studies are vitally important. I'm pleased to see that you treat them as such. I will accept only the best, but you seem to be doing alright, even by those standards." Pride filled Chiron's eyes, and Percy felt a genuine happiness. Chiron cared about all demigods. He was a father to him and... Annabeth. Pain filled the young halfblood's eyes, and Chiron took notice. "Percy, my boy, is something the matter?" Chiron asked, gently. "N-no, Mr. Brunner, I just..." Percy tried to think up a lie, but realized he really didn't want to lie to the old horse. "I respect you a lot. Thank you." If the centaur was taken aback by this, he didn't show it. Mirth filled his ancient eyes