Divergent timeline, from the beginning of the first book, also AU where everyone takes things a bit more seriously, everything is a bit more high stakes, and, most importantly, everything is shifted by four years . Because everything is more realistic, and twelve year olds don't fight monsters , even in the myths. Adolescents, yes, but children? No. Also, other minor things are different. You'll see, if you're paying attention. As a side note, this is very much a pet project and I will not hesitate to skip over the parts that I don't want to write, and if there's a plot hole, I very much don't care in any way. If you think it's cringe-y, then I probably think it is a thousand times worse, and yet I do not care. (Also, there is one part in this chapter in particular that is very cringe-y, but actually it's only things he has in the books. You'll see what I mean by that) Also, if there are grammar, spelling, or syntax errors... oops. Also, nobody's abandoning anything, so don't even bother asking that particular question. Enjoy! Disclaimer: This is a fan made work, not intended to infringe upon the copyright held by Rick Riordan or anyone else. I do not claim ownership of the setting, characters, or plot created by Rick Riordan or any others, but I do claim ownership of any extraneous elements not under previous copyright. A sixteen year old boy with hair dark as ink and eyes the color of the sea stumbled back from what had, only seconds before, been his teacher. Once an old lady with a serious mean streak, what stood, or rather hovered, before him was a leathery bat-like creature with razor sharp talons and a fiery whip, with a look in her eye that told only one story: that of endless suffering. They were in a museum; the class had taken a field trip. The hag had taken the boy aside after he somehow used the water from a fountain to pull a bully into it, in defence of his friend. "Where is it, boy!" The thing screeched. "I have no idea what you're talking about!" The boy pleaded. Crack! The whip came down on the child's shoulder, tearing his blue T-shirt, as well as the skin beneath it. The child screamed in pain, clutching his shoulder, his hand dripping with blood. "Do not lie to us, Perseus! We know you have it!" The hag continued to scream. "Have what!? What do you mean!?" Perseus shouted, his will strong for one so undisciplined. A look of absolute fury passed over the hags face, and this time it was her talons that struck the boy, leaving him with four long gashes from his right shoulder all the way down to under the ribs on his left side. Perseus screamed in pain, blood slowly but steadily flowing down his torso. It seemed the hag was trying to torture the information out of him. Unfortunately for both the hag and Perseus, one cannot draw blood from a stone * . However, it was very easy to draw blood from a Perseus, and this is what the hag did, over, and over, until Perseus's body was covered with bleeding gashes from claw and whip alike. His shirt was little more than tatters at this point, and his pants did not fare much better, barely covering his groin. Perseus could hardly think. His body was on fire. If he didn't have his mother to worry about, he would have wished wholeheartedly for death. But, he did have his mother. If he died here, she would be devastated, with no one in the world but his disgusting stepfather to console her. He could not die. He needed to be stronger than this horrible demon. He needed more power. Power. Perseus kept pleading in his head for power. Anything to see his mother again. Please! he screamed in his head, too tired from the blood loss to speak out loud. Give me power! Suddenly, he heard a voice in his mind speak, somewhat muffled, but just loud and clear enough to be understood. I can offer you power, child, but the price is heavy. The voice said. It was a smooth voice, and very pleasant to listen to. I'll pay any price! I'll give you anything you want, I just need power right now! Perseus responded. Then it is done. I shall give you what you seek, boy. Perseus felt something enter his body, it flowed through every pore on his skin, in through his wounds, and they burned worse than before, and he cried out in great pain. The voice spoke in his mind once again, this time crystal clear. Child, I will cut to the chase. You have dominion over water. You will need to use it to survive. I will lend you my power. You are lucky you have some, locked away, for I can only amplify your power. You are ten times stronger now than you were before I inhabited your body. Inhabited? That sounds disgusting, anyway, how do I use my power!? There's no water in here! Foolish boy, water is all around us. In the air we breath, in our body and the bodies of others. And especially in our blood. Half our blood is water. Will it into our body. You need the blood or you will not have enough strength to survive! How do I will blood back into my body!? I've never done this before! There is no trick, no secret. You must simply will the water to move. See in your mind the blood flowing back into your cuts. Feel it! Will the water and it will bend to your every whim! Perseus tried his hardest to imagine the blood flowing back inside him, and eventually it did, which took a few precious seconds, during which time the hag had asked him a question that he did not hear. The hag spoke again. "Did you not hear me, boy? I said, 'this is your last chance.' Tell us where the helm is, or suffer, Perseus Jackson!" She hadn't noticed the blood being sucked back inside him until it was too late. Rise, boy! The time has come! He rose. Now, deliver a witty one-liner! The mysterious voice had strange tastes, but Perseus was not in a position to argue. "I already told you, Mrs. Dodds: My name is Percy!" He yelled. He didn't know how exactly he knew how to do it, but he raised his arms, and all the moisture in the room rushed to his hands; no more than a few droplets. But it was enough. "What in Hades' name!? How did you-when did you-" she was cut off by a bullet of water shooting through the middle of her chest at tremendous speed. She fell to the ground, defeated. She spoke her dying words in a raspy tone. "How are you-" she coughed, black blood flowing from her mouth, "so powerful?" Percy shrugged indifferently as the monster disintegrated. He sank to his knees immediately, desperately trying to keep the blood in his body, but blood is only half water, and he was severely weakened from propelling the water at a speed high enough to pierce the monsters tough skin, not to mention sucking all the moisture from the air in the room. His control was still very subpar, and he expended far more energy than he needed to. Get to Mr. Brunner. He will explain everything. By the time you reach him, I will not be able to supply you with power. I am still weak from being formless for so long, and I cannot sustain such high levels of amplification for very long, yet. I am... going to sleep for a while. After you find Brunner, of course. Okay. I kind of want to take a nap, too. No, child, if you fall asleep you will die! I do not wish to lose a form with such potential just yet. Percy stumbled his way out of the nigh deserted museum, covered in blood. He wondered what everyone would do when he came back outside, his clothes tattered and bloodied. He never got to find out. *"You can't draw blood from a stone" means that you can't take from someone what they do not have, in this case, information. Other uses might be in reference to having no money or something similar. He woke up in his dorm room, all his wounds gone, but the first injury he suffered, on his left shoulder, left a small scar. How long had he been asleep? Just what in the world happened? Grover was nowhere to be seen, his bed empty. Hello!? he shouted into his mind. There was no response. Was the presence gone? He said there was a price, but Percy hadn't paid it, so he assumed the presence was merely still sleeping. Either way, Percy knew he needed to find Mr. Brunner. He would've assumed it had all been a dream if not for the tiny scar left behind. It was late in the day when Percy had woken up, around seven in the evening, and he didn't know if Mr. Brunner would still be in his classroom, but sure enough, when he entered the Latin classroom, the man was sitting in his wheelchair behind a desk, grading papers. "What brings you here, Mr. Jackson? Not looking for extra credit, I hope, because I don't give any out," the man said with a sly smile. Percy was having none of it. "Mr. Brunner, we need to talk. I know exactly what happened at the museum." Mr. Brunner wasn't fazed. "Yes, you suffered quite a nasty nosebleed. You stumbled out of the museum delirious, covered in blood. It gave us all quite a shock." "I know Mrs. Dodds was a monster. She tortured me! I barely managed to kill her!" Percy angrily shouted. "Percy, you're not well! You must come with me to the nurse immediately!" Mr. Brunner seemed genuinely worried. "No, Mr. Brunner. Explain this!" Percy looked around for a source of water, and found one: a bottle of water on Mr. Brunner's desk. Percy reached out his hand, and focused all his might on moving the water in the bottle to the edge of the desk, and eventually he succeeded in toppling it off the desk. It took a great deal of effort to do so without the assistance of... whatever it was, and Percy was panting by the time the bottle hit the floor. Mr. Brunner looked absolutely shocked. "So that's how you defeated the Kindly One..." he whispered quietly to himself. "The what?" "Shut the door, Percy," Mr. Brunner said quietly. And so it was that Perseus came to know that the Greek Gods were real, and that his Latin teacher was the great immortal trainer of heroes, Chiron. He learned of the camp that was in place to train people like him: demigods. Chiron said he wasn't quite sure who Percy's father was, but both of them knew Chiron was lying. There were only so many gods who could give him the ability to manipulate water. Percy wasn't a fool. He loved the beach, and his mother had told him that's where she met his father. The only thing that made any sense was Poseidon, god of the seas. Why was Chiron so loathe to admit it? Something about the look in Chiron's eyes told Percy that if he voiced his opinion on this matter, it would not turn out well. This needed to be a secret, for some reason. "Percy, it is... unfortunate you learned of this now. I am sorry. If only... if only I had realized Mrs. Dodds... I am sorry you had to go through that," Chiron said sadly, genuinely upset with himself. Percy, being more prone to curiosity that holding a grudge, was thinking of the first