Forks was a small boring town covered in woods and clouds. There is hardly any sunlight here which is the main reason for me and the rest of my pack to move here. Now a normally pack would consist of only werewolves. However this pack is anything but normal. Mainly because this pack isn't just werewolves. There are also tweeny of us all together which is bigger than a normal pack. But we are only part of a bigger pack. It's confusing to new people but basically the overall pack Im in is called Unity. We then have separate groups who are apart of Unity. We don't really have much to do with each other. Each group is controlled by one leader or alpha depending on what there are. Unity is one of four groups ran by the council. The council is 4 people one member of their group selected by them. They are the ones who make the rules and have overall control of each pack. Told you not many people get at first but you figure it out in the end. Anyways back to pack im in our council member Aria named us the skulls. We are the best pack. I'm not trying to sound over confident or cocky but we are the fastest strongest and smartest pack in Unity. As I said there are twenty of us but only eight are going to Forks while the rest of them stay back and run our nightclub. Did I mention we have a nightclub which is used by every gang in Miami. It's called club S. so while twelve members of the pack are partying in Miami eight of us are off to Forks. There's me Bella then Carly, Matt, Hannah, Ben, Will, Kane and Isaac. Im a seventeen year old Werewolf. I'm only a beta so no I'm not in charge and to be honest I never want to be leading this many people and trying to keep the supernatural world hidden by keeping everyone in line is far too stressful and hard for me to do. Lucky our Alpha is the best around. In my opinion anyways. I am a new werewolf being turned only a year ago someone called Roman. He wanted to make a pack so he would be stronger and could kill people. Many people. However I refused to work for him even when he used is alpha voice on me which would normally make beta do as they say. Turns out I have a gift of a shield. Both physical and mental. So when the skulls came to sort Roman out and by that I mean kill. They offered me a place with them. So I left Arizona and my mom to go to Miami. Here I was taught how to control my wolf and how to use my gift. Carly is our Alpha. So she is the strongest and fastest out of the wolves. Carly also happens to be the smartest and oldest in our pack. Like me seventeen but she was born a werewolf. Her gift is to control the elements She has long brown hair like me but hes I a lot lighter than mine. She around 5.10ft when im 5.9ft. Her body is pale and slim but well built because of all the training we do. Everyone's are. She has stormy blue eyes when she's in human form. However in werewolf form her eyes are the usually blood red. Which are actually pretty scary. Now when I say werewolf form I don't mean shapeshifters who turn into giant wolves. Our nails grow and turn into razor sharp claws. Our eyes grow thinner but longer and our faces squash together slightly. We also have awesome sideburns. Alphas eyes turn red while betas and omegas turn gold. Also our k9 teeth grow so it's like we have two sets of fangs. Matt is a Kanima but unlike normal kanimas he doesn't need a master to control him and is fully aware of what he does when he shifts. A kanima is like a man lizard. More to the lizard side. A kanima is when someone who doesn't have a family is bitten my a alpha. A werewolf biggest desire to be part of a pack or in human case a family. Since Matt didn't have one when he was bitten he became a kanima. He has a family now and a pack but he chooses to stay as the kanima. He says it remembers of what he used to be and how he never wants to go back to being alone. Plus the tail is helpful in a fight and his claws can paralyze anyone with a simple cut. He is as strong and as fast as a beta. When he's not a lizard he's tall well built man pale man with short straight blonde hair. His eyes are a light blue. Hannah is shapeshifter and she turns into a giant lion. A shapeshifter is 3x the size of the normal animal so Hannah tends to tower over me when she shifts. She normally has long silky golden blonde hair which stands out more against her pale skin. Her eyes are the same as a lion so vibrant orange/ gold. She is my height at 5.9ft so we tend to share clothes a lot. She's also mated to Ben. Mates and imprints are our soulmates and yes they do exist. Just like we do. Ben is also a shapeshifter but he turns into giant tiger. Shifters are fast and strong due to their size. However being that big also makes them easier to attack because there have to protect all over their body and tail. They have very little agility when shifted as well so they have to attack head on. Ben has dark red hair which is short and spikey. His hair can be mistaken as brown sometimes. He's taller than Carly but shorter than Matt. His eyes are the same as Hannah's. He has the same body structure as Matt. All the boys do and girls are built like Carly. Will is a vampire. He drinks both human and animal blood so his eyes are a coral color instead of red or gold. He doesn't kill any innocent people he tends to go after rapiest, muders and abusesers. The world is better place without people like that and we all stand behind Wills choice of prey. He also drinks from animals his favorite animal to drink from is crocodiles. Weird choice I know but he says it the best so I'm going to take his word for it. Vampires aren't what you read or see on the TV. They don't have fangs and can't turn into bats. Will can see his reflection and the only way to kill him is to rip off his head and set the body on fire. But considering that his body is like marble or granite its hard to rip him apart. He doesn't bleed if he's hurt his body cracks. Lucky like the werewolves and shifters he can heal quickly. Because he is a vampire he is a lot more pale than the rest of use. He's around the same size as Matt. Maybe a tiny bite shorter. His hair is a grey brown color which matches his pale skin. Kane is a banshee. So she can sense when something is going to happen which is handy when someone tries to surprise attack us. She can also sense when someone is lying. Banshees are most famous for their screams which can shatter glass and in some causes knock people over. It is also very deafing. Kane is the most human out of all of us because she can't move quickly and doesn't have super strength. Don't get me wrong she can fight and beat any human or us in human form but when we shift she can't win with her speed and strength alone. Kane's hair is long and black with her eyes being a leaf green color. She is the same height as me and Hannah and she is also mated to Matt. Lastly we have Isaac. Like me he's a werewolf and a beta. He taller than Matt but is more lanky than any of the lads. Like me his eyes are brown. But he looks more like a puppy then I do. His hair is short blonde but unlike Matt his hair is slightly curly. I guess your probably wondering why we left the warmth and fun of Miami to head to the boring wet town of Forks. Well due to forks being cloudy most of the time and huge woods it's the perfect to train newborn vampires to control themselves and teach them to hunt in the woods. It also allows werewolves and shifters to practice shifting and running without the risk of people seeing them. So we were sent to scout out the area and see if we can build a training outpost here. We will be staying in a house on the edge of the woods and will have to attend Forks high school to appear normal to the people living here. The pack weren't so keen on the idea of going to high school. Mainly because we are all a lot smarter than them. We all already have graduated college at our young age of seventeen. So school would be just a waste of time. And another reason is everyone tries to flirt and hit on us which is really annoying especially when he can hear them talking about how they wish to get with us. Normally people back off Matt Kane Hannah and Ben when they show are in a relationship. However this leaves me Carly Will and Isaac to deal with them. Humans really can't take the hint that we're not interested in them. Sometime Me and Isaac pretend to be together just to get people to leave us alone. Will and Carly do the same thing. Which is always awkward because I'm gay and Carly's Bisexual but prefers girls. "How much longer till we get there." Ben whined over the intercom. We're also traveling in cars in groups of two. I was traveling with Isaac in my orange McLaren 570S. Carly and will were in a black Acura NSX Matt and Kane were in a Blue Chevrolet Corvette Z06 and Hannah and Ben were in a silver Spyker C8. One of the best things about being apart of Unity is they are rich and I mean rich we want something we get. We owe couple of islands near South America. "About ten minutes. We should be coming up to the border now." As soon as the words left Carly's mouths I spotted the welcome to Forks sign. We continued to drive until we reached our new house on the edge of the woods. The house was three stories high made from marble with huge glass windows. We have the glass so we keep a look out in cause were attacked. The glass itself is bulletproof just as a safety precaution. As soon as you enter the front door you are met with a large open living room and kitchen. All the flooring was a light brown wood color and the walls are a cream color. The kitchen is at the back and has one fridge and oven, microwave a blender a coffee machine and a dishwasher with a sink on top of it. The living area had four sofa tow facing the flat screen TV the other two sideways from the ends facing each other. It was like a square with the TV being one side. Each sofa was a cream white color. "Welcome to our home for the next couple of months." Carly said after we could get a look our new home. "How many rooms are there?" Isaac asked from beside me. This place seemed huge and probably has a lot