Fandoms 4 Animals compilation submission. Thank you to everyone who donated. A special thank you to CaliGirlMon for the beautiful banner and to Charmie for her invaluable beta work. This story is told with a series of text messages and blog posts. Edward/SeeMyPenis will be in bold italics . Bella and all blog questions will be in normal italics . All character names and basic descriptions belong to Ms Meyer. The plot and storyline belongs to me. No copying of this work, no reproduction of this work, no created downloads of this work, and/or no linking of this work to another website is allowed without the express written permission of the author. The Truth According to Tumblr copyright 2013 nikkipattinson The Truth According to Tumblr I saw Edward's penis long before I ever saw his face. I'm not the only person in the world who has seen his dick. I don't mean that he has slept with a lot of women or he's had many girlfriends. I mean people around the world have seen his cock. No, he is not in the adult film industry... although he could be. I first saw Edward's amazing appendage on his Tumblr blog... SeeMyPenis . I, and about ten thousand other people, could log in and see pictures, gifs, and short film clips of his junk at any time. He would usually post something new at least once a day. Sometimes it would be a picture of just his penis, which was awesome. Other times, he would post pictures of himself from the neck down... completely naked... which was even better. In the beginning it was all about the sight of his glorious, hard cock. But then people started asking him questions and he would answer. So what, you may ask. So he answered. What was the big deal? The big deal, outside of his penis, was that he was unabashingly truthful with his answers. I guess he figured that he had nothing really to hide. I mean, he was posting pictures of his dick for the entire world to see. I began logging in to just read the questions and his answers. It all started out innocently enough. How big is your penis? It's 7 inches long and 4 inches around . (And he included a picture with a ruler and tape measure!) You don't appear to be circumsized. Are you? I am not. My parents felt that the decision to chop off a part of my body should be mine, so they didn't have it done when I was born. I have made the informed decision to remain intact. Is it true what they say about big feet corresponding to a big penis? I really don't think so. I think that I have a relatively large penis, but I wear a size 10 shoe. See, innocent enough. People were curious. Hell, I was curious. Who wouldn't be! A man was voluntarily posting pictures of his hard cock online. To say I was intrigued would be an understatement. Soon, he progressed from just pictures and the occasional gif to short clips of him stroking his dick. I don't know about the other women logging in to his blog, but my ovaries exploded the first time I saw him jacking off. I must have watched that clip a thousand times. That's when the questions started to get interesting. How many women have you been with? Honestly, only 5. Which do you prefer, giving or receiving oral sex? Like any normal guy, I love a good blow job, but I equally enjoy eating pussy. So, I guess the answer to your question is that I don't prefer either. I like them both equally. Do you like to 69? Yes. Have you ever been with another man? Nope. Would you ever be with a man? Probably not, since I'm not gay. I have nothing against gay people. I have friends who are gay. It's just not me. I like pussy. Does it bother you that gay men are following your blog and getting off to your gifs? Not at all. I hope all of my followers are enjoying the blog. I want to see a gif of you peeing. NO! That's gross! Quit following me! See what I mean... totally honest! He would answer any question except the one I wanted to know. What is your name? SeeMyPenis He would never tell us his name. I understood why. He wanted to keep it anonymous. He also would never show us his face. And, boy, did I want to see his face! The closest we ever got was a picture of his eyes, which were the most gorgeous shade of emerald green I'd ever seen. I actually saved that picture of his eyes to my iPhone. Those eyes were captivating. I would find myself just sitting and staring at the picture. It made me wonder if the rest of his face was just as beautiful. I started checking the blog first thing every morning. It had quit being about the pictures and more about what he'd had to say overnight. I want to fuck you. Name the time and place. I'll be there. Hershey, PA at the chocolate factory on June 25, 2022. I'm a virgin. I want to lose my virginity to you. Where can we meet? Although I am flattered that you want me to be your first sexual experience, I really don't think that I can take that kind of pressure. Anyway, your first time shouldn't be with a random guy who posts pictures of his penis on the Internet. Would you ever consider having sex with a bigger girl? Yes. I don't really judge people by their looks. If I find a woman interesting, then it doesn't matter to me if she's thin or not. I also find intelligence extremely attractive. A smart woman will get me hard no matter what size she wears. I woke one morning and checked the blog to find a picture of his dick, not unusual, as it strained against the fabric of way too tight jeans. I think I creamed my pajamas on that one. It was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen. It could have only been better if the jeans had been button-fly. I really would have lost my shit then. That's when I asked my first question. Do you own a pair of button-fly jeans? I do not. Why? Should I? I stared at his response for almost an hour, wondering if I should answer him. Hell yes, he should own a pair. Any man who has a penis that awesome should wear button-fly jeans. Have you ever seen what those jeans do to a man's package? Finally, I answered him. I would love to see how you look in button-fly jeans. I bet you'd look amazing. I'll see what I can do, ButtonFlyFan. He'd given me a name! I squealed with excitement and waited patiently for my button-fly picture. It was almost a week later when my picture was posted on his blog. I logged on like I usually did and saw a message with the most awesome picture of Edward's hard cock pressing against the buttons of a pair of buttonfly jeans. For my ButtonFlyFan. I hope it's everything you imagined. Create a Tumblr account and let me know, personally, if it meets your approval. How long do you think it took me to create that account? If you guessed less than a second, then you would be correct. I became Buttonfly Fan, since that's what he had named me, and I sent him a private message. It more than meets my approval. It's beautiful. Thank you. Imagine my delight when he answered almost immediately. I'm glad you liked it. Do you have any special requests? Did I have special requests? I'm not usually all that outgoing. Just talking about... sex... usually makes me turn twenty different shades of red. That I was even looking at his blog was a huge step for me. I knew what I wanted to see. I wanted to see his amazing appendage spring from those pants as he pulled the buttons open. I wanted to see him slowly unbutton the fly and then reach inside and pull out that epic cock. I wanted to see him sitting in a chair, wearing my pants, as he stroked his dick. I knew what I wanted, but I didn't know how to ask him. So I didn't answer. I guess he was just as curious about me because he started posting at least one picture a day of his rock hard cock pressing against those buttons with a message specifically for me. Hello, my ButtonFlyFan. This is for you. ButtonFlyFan, do you like this? I hope it's what you were wanting. Hey, ButtonFlyFan, let me know if there's anything else I can do for you. I was dying, but I didn't know how to tell him what I wanted. Every time I thought about it, I'd get so embarrassed that I couldn't breathe much less type out what I wanted. So, I did something that was quite possibly the most embarrassing thing I had ever done in my life up to that point. I asked my best friend what I should do. I told Alice about the blog. I showed it to her. I showed her the message I had sent to him and his reply. I showed her the semi-private messages to me. After she had scrolled through every page of the blog and commented on just about every picture, my face felt like it was on fire. Alice laughed at me and then said that I should get drunk. I'd never been drunk in my entire life. I had a self imposed two drink limit. Alice left and came back with a very large bottle of vodka and a much smaller, and in my mind inadequate, bottle of orange juice. After the sixth screwdriver, Alice started just handing me shots of vodka, which I chased with the orange juice. After about four shots, I logged onto Tumblr. Hey, you sexy motherfucker. I want to see your awesome cock spring from those pants as you slowly pull the buttons open. About 30 minutes later he replied. Okay... Um, let me get back to my apartment and I'll see what I can do. Alice and I did a few more shots each while we waited. It was almost an hour later when the gif posted. We both gasped as we watched him pull those buttons apart and all seven inches of him sprang forth. "Whoa," Alice said. "Yep," I replied. "Ask him to unbutton the pants and then pull it out," Alice said as she pushed the laptop toward me. Thanks for the gif. It was unbelievable. I have another request. I'd like to see you slowly unbutton the pants and then reach in and pull your cock out. I sent the message and then remembered my manners. Please. Fifteen minutes later he posted the gif. His fingers, which I noticed were extremely long, slowly worked the buttons open. Then he reached inside his pants and pulled out his dick. That would have been enough for me, but he had to go one step further. I definitely cummed in my panties when his thumb slowly slid back his foreskin to expose the head of his penis. "Fuck me," Alice whispered. "Goddamn," I muttered. "I think I need to change my panties," Alice said. "I'm tellin' ya," I replied. "Ask him to stroke it," Alice said as she bounced on my couch. I quickly typed the message. That was awesome. I have one more, if that's okay? Sure. Whatever you want, ButtonFlyFan... within reason, of course. Okay. I'd like to see you sitting in a chair, with the pants on, as you stroke your cock. So, you want me to have the pants all the way on with my penis