A ridiculous looking man with bright yellow hair mounted the stage. "Welcome!" he announced as if welcoming someone to his home. "Welcome to the reaping of the seventy first Hunger Games!" he paused dramatically as if waiting for applause. He did not get it. "Well, we all know how this goes." He chirped." A girl with short, spiky brown hair rolled her wide brown eyes at the sky. Yes, yes, they all knew how this went. The mayor would read the treaty of treason; they would see a brief history of Panem, and then Demetrius Clot would pick one boy and one girl to be tossed into a bloody fight to the death. "Ladies first!" Clot said happily. "May the odds be ever in your favor." He reached into a glass bowl in the front of the square. "And the female tribute from district seven is…. Johanna Mason." Shock. Blinding shock. This was the first thing the brown eyed seventeen year old felt upon hearing her name. She had always thought of the games as a sort of superficial thing. They were terrifying, no doubt, but she never imagined it would be her fighting for her life in an unknown place. Quickly, she put together a plan. If anything, Johanna was a witty girl. She began to shake as she slowly climbed the steps. She wasn't even listening as Clot called the male tribute. She let her eyes wander until they met that of her father. He was holding back tears in his eyes, but it wasn't enough. She tried to think of sad things, anything that would make her sob. Her mind wandered to her mother. Dead. Killed by a falling tree. Still, Johanna was a strong girl. She had gotten over her mother's death years ago. Her father was never around anyway and she had no siblings. She groaned mentally. She had to cry! Suddenly, she found herself starring into a pair of tranquil blue orbs. David Maplewood, her boyfriend. The one person she knew she truly loved. His eyes looked so sad, there were tears streaming down his face. Now, she didn't even have to try. Tears began to fall down her face at an alarming rate. Perfect. She was almost there. She let out a loud sniff and all the cameras were on her crying face. She hated to have to look so weak In front of the world, but it was necessary. The goodbyes were the hardest part. Especially saying bye to David. "So, you're actually going to use that plan we came up with?" he asked wrapping her in a hug. "Why not?" Johanna asked. A few years before, they had jokingly came up with a plan. Johanna hadn't really thought of it until her name had been called. "There is no reason not to." David said. "I just hope it works." "It has to!" Johanna exclaimed. "I am coming back to you." "I know you are." He smiled slightly. "Time's up!" the Peacekeeper said. David gave Johanna one last kiss on the lips before exiting the room an leaving Johanna feeling more alone than she ever had. Soon, she found herself on a fancy train being pulled to the Capitol with her tribute partner, Clot, and her mentor, Blight. The other teen's name was Tim Burr. He was tall, thin, and handsome. " He's sure to get sponsors!" Johanna thought. "He looks so strong!" Suddenly, her plan didn't seem like too good of an idea. "So." Blight said looking at the teens. "I'm new at this thing. I won just last year so… do you want to be coached together or apart?" "Apart." Johanna said immediately. She didn't like working with people. Except for David of course. "Ok then." Blight said to no one in particular. "I'll coach Tim here and Ash can coach Johanna." "Works for me." Tim said getting up and following Blight from the room. A blonde haired man it around his thirties sat on the chair across from Johana. "So. What exactly is your plan?" he asked right away. "I mean, I've seen you cutting lumber and you seem like a stubborn, strong, axe wielder to me, but we can't exactly pull that off thanks to your water works at the reaping." Johanna glared at him. "I cried on purpose." She snapped. "Oh really." He said sarcastically. "Do tell me why?" "My boyfriend and I came up with it. I am going to act like a sniveling coward. That way, everyone will ignore me. When there are only a few tributes left, I'll attack." She explained. "I see." Ashton said still sarcastic. "Are you sure you aren't a sniveling coward?" Ten seconds later, Ashton was on the ground with Johanna on top of him, painfully holding his hand against his back. "Okay! Okay!" Ashton gasped. "You aren't a sniveling coward." Johanna released him and got back up. "You better remember that." She snapped. "Okay." Ashton sighed rubbing his shoulder. "So, I think your plan will work. You do seem pretty vicious." "My main worry is that I won't be able to stop myself from axing people to death." Johanna said. "It's in my nature to defend myself and I tend to show off." Ashton thought for a moment. "The games are a scary place." He said carefully. "Your most basic instincts of survival come into play. You do things you would never dream of doing before them. And instincts you never knew you had come into existence. I used to always run from a fight. When I was thrown into the arena with nothing but an axe to defend myself, I fought. I never ran away and eventually, everyone was dead. Perhaps, you should follow the basic human instinct of hiding. Hide. Disappear. Make it so that no one knows where you are or who you are but the game makers. Get such a low training score that everyone will just assume you died even if they didn't see your name up in the sky. Don't go to the cornucopia just grab a backpack from somewhere near the edge and find high ground. I'll try to see if I can get someone to help me send you an axe. Understand?" Johanna nodded. "What about the interview?" Ashton thought again. "Cry your heart out." "Will do." "Oh. And mention that boyfriend of yours." He said. "You'll want some sympathy from the Capitol. I mean, you are pretty but, you'll need more than that to get yourself an axe." So, Johanna Mason and Tim Burr were introduced as District Seven's tributes in the seventy first Hunger Games. As they stood on the chariot, dressed as trees, Johanna made herself cry again as she clutched the side of the chariot. She looked utterly forgettable next to Tim who stood tall and strong. She spent the training session learning to tie knots and snares, tree climbing, or camouflage. For her individual training, she took an axe, lifted it and drove it into the ground. She got a 3. Finally, the day of the interview came. Thankfully, seven was in the middle which made it all the easier to be forgotten. "Please welcome, Johanna Mason!" Caesar Flickerman trilled. Johanna shakily walked to the stage and sat down next to the silver haired man. "So, Ms. Mason, it seems you're a little nervous about these games." She sniffed and nodded. "I-it's j-just s-s-so hard being s-so far fr-from my home." "It is hard." He said bracingly. "Do you feel that you're ready to enter the arena?" "N-no!' she wailed tears streaming down her face."I just want to go home!" "Oh. I see." Caesar sighed. "Well, you're a pretty girl aren't you? Is there someone special you miss back home?" "Y-yes. He's my boyfriend." She answered as more tears streamed down her face. "Oh! I see! And what may his name be?" "David." She answered her voice shaking. "David Maplewood. He's my life. All I want is to be with him." "Awwwwww!" the crowd and Caesar cooed. "I'm sure he misses you to. It is a shame that you might forever be separated." Johanna almost lost it. She wanted to rage that of course it was a fucking shame! And it was all because of those idiots in front of her. She wanted to scream and curse and attack them all. As if she needed to be reminded that she might lose the one person she loves with all her heart. Well, actually, that he might lose her. She wanted to be herself, but she held back. Instead of attacking she let out a little whimper and cried some more. Tim's interview was the exact opposite. He appeared strong and confident. "I grew up tossing an axe at a tree, Caesar." He said. "I think now that I'm eighteen, I can toss an axe at a human." "You did perfect." Ashton said. "Perfect." Johanna sighed. "Thanks. It was actually not that hard, I do want to be home and David is my life." Ashton hugged her which is something he had never done before. "I know what you mean. I have a girl waiting for me back home and I couldn't love anything more than her. You can't let this bring you down though. Fight to get back to him like I fought to get back to her." All to soon it was the day of the games. Johanna stood nervously on her plate surveying the arena. It was an open meadow and the cornucopia was situated in the center and a tall mountain rose up somewhere far behind it. She spotted a backpack nearby and immediately planned to go for it. Close to the backpack was a river. She decided to cross the river and disappear into the tall grass on the other side. Then, she would hike towards the mountain. The summit, she decided, was where she would camp. Then she remembered Ashton's words , "I'll try to see if I can get someone to help me send you an axe." What if no one wanted to sponsor her? Who would? She had to have an axe to win these games. She took a deep breath as the clock continued to count down. She looked over a Tim who looked slightly green, but determined. He caught her eye and nodded towards two axes lying near the horn of the cornucopia. Perfect. Johanna and Tim hadn't talked at all to each other. The meals were eaten in silence and coaching was done separately. "It was nice of him to point those out to me." She thought. "I would have thought he would claim them for himself. After all, two axes are better than one." Finally, the sixty seconds were up. Johanna ran straight towards the red backpack. She scooped it up and ran towards the horn of the cornucopia. She smirked a bit as she grabbed an axe. She could almost hear Ashton cursing at her for running after the axes. Leaving one axe for Tim, she turned to run towards the river only to find herself face to face with Tim himself. Her eyes widened as he raised a wickedly sharp knife. Had he pointed her to the axes so that he knew where to come kill her? She readied herself to fight him. In a quick second he plunged the knife but not into her heart, into his own. He had chosen to claim his own life rather than let someone take it from him. Johanna screamed as Tim fell to the floor dead. "No time to freak out." She told herself. Grabbing his knife and the other axe, she ran towards the river diving into it just in time to avoid being hit by an arrow shot by the district two girl. She stumbled onto land and ran towards the mountain. She didn't know for how long she had been running, but by the time she reached the base of the mountain,