Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. All recognizable characters belong to Suzanne Collins. Chapter One: The return of Katniss Everdeen. PEETA'S P.O.V The first thing I heard in the morning was silence. What? Usually my annoying alarm clock on my phone would have gone off alerting me and my brother to the start of another day. I quickly checked my phone and cursed. It was all ready seven o'clock! I must have forgotten to turn on the sound! I thanked god my mother wasn't home as I quickly got dressed and pulled a comb through my dirty blonde curls...not that it did much. Rushing downstairs, I mentaly hoped and prayed that my mother wasn't back from her night's stay at her friends house. She would go to her friend after dinner stay up late there with her little social group and come back early the next morning quite cranky as she had been up so late. A cranky mother was never a good thing. "Why didn't you wake me up?" I asked my brother, Charlie, as I angrily entered the kitchen. "Mom could be getting back any minute now! Are you trying to get me in trouble?" Of course, I knew Charlie would never try to get me in trouble. He was the only person who was ever there for me. I don't get why though. I'm just a screwed up mistake. Charlie smiled at my frustration. "Calm down Peet. You know I'd never do that. Mom called pretty early this morning. Her call woke me up so I picked up. She said she wasn't going to be back until later in the morning so, I figured I could let you sleep in so I turned the alarm off. You must be tired after all that studying you did last night." I let out a sigh of relief. It wasn't that I didn't know that I deserved all the punishments I got from my mother, of course she would punish me when I screwed up! It was just...I didn't like it. At all. I hated the fact that I was such a screw up! Charlie told me I wasn't worthless and to just ignore my mother because she was being unreasonable. I didn't think she was being unreasonable. You see, my mother desperately wanted a girl. It was her heart's desire to have a little girl to dress up and buy dolls and makeup for. Sadly, she was only willing to have two children. Those two, my brothers Max and Charlie, she adored though she was slightly disappointed. That was that. She had her two perfect boys, a loving husbahnd,everything she needed. Then came that wedding reception with bottles of champaign. One thing lead to another and soon, I existed. A mere positive on a test. My mother was pregnant again. Yet again, she allowed herself the small hope that I would be the girl she so desperately wanted. And for five months she was uncertain, then, she got an ultrasound and the doctor told her the news...it was a girl! Or so they thought. For four months she prepared for her little angel. What a surprise when the doctor told her he had made a mistake. I was a boy. That was when she started hating me. She only gave me the bare minimum of what she had to do as a mother. I was useless. Then, as I became older, she hoped that I could still be a help instead of a hinderance. But, remember, I'm worthless. I can't do anything right. It's got to tick of a person if someone who was an unwanted mistake constantly screwed stuff up. Especialy for almost fourteen years. I desperately wanted to ask Charlie why he thought I was actually worth his time. Instead, I smiled at him. "Thanks bro. Maybe if I ace this test dad will be happy." I said. My dad wasn't a strict guy most times. He just kind of did his own thing. I think my mother scared him which is why he never disagreed with her. The one thing he was strict about was education. We had to make perfect grades or he'd be upset. I made reasonably good grades but, we all knew I could do better. "Peeta!" my brother sighed. "Why do you always want to make him proud? You know its impossible to make him happy when it comes to school! I mean you freaking skipped a grade and he's not proud! When will you understand that it's not you its him ." I chose to ignore him. When was he going to realize it was me. "Where is the broom? I need to get my chores done beffore school." "I finished them." was his simple reply. Oh how I loved my brother. "Thanks Charlie!" "No prob-" Charlie was interupted by the door to the bakery flying open revealing my mother. "What's that?" she asked catching sight of the piece of stale bread I had planned on having for breakfast. "W-what's what?" I replied quickly hiding the bread behind my back. Why did I always have that stupid nervous stutter around her? Why was I so damn shy? I knew she hated it! "Hey mom!" Charlie said obviously trying to lighten the mood. "I thought you weren't going to be back until later!" "Hello Charles!" she cooed immediatly turning maternal. "I am back later! I was originaly going to reach here at six thirty!" her maternal air vanished. "Now Peeta. Show me what you have in your hands and no silly games." Slowly I held out the bread. I was doomed. "And what's that Peeta?" she said mockingly. "M-my b-breakfast ma'm." I stuttered. "This late?" she asked sternly. "Charlie, why don't you head to school dear." she said not taking those cold grey eyes of me. "Ok then mom! Come on Peeta lets-" My mother cut him off. "No. I think I need to have a chat with Peeta." I could see Charlie open his mouth to argue but he knew it would only be worse. "Ok then mom." "So," she said converstionaly. "Care to explain why you're having breakfast so late?" "I-I s-slepped in." I said keeping my blue eyes focused on the wooden bakery floor. "When will you learn, Peeta?" she asked reaching for her rolling pin. Ten minutes later my mother shoved my battered body out the door with a few new bruises and an angry, "Off to school with you!" I tripped on the stairs and fell flat on my face causing someone to trip over me...a very pretty someone. "Oh! S-sorry!" I said quickly getting to my feet and helping Katniss Everdeen up. Way to play it cool Peeta! Stop with the stutter! She glared at me but the glare quickly turned to a smile. "No problem. Not your fault we both just tripped. I''m Katniss Everdeen by the way. I don't know if you remember me?" "Peeta Mellark. I remember you. You were in my class 'till like sixth grade right?" As if I could ever forget Katniss Everdeen. Part of me wondered if she was reffering to our only other interaction... "Yeah." she said her eyes darkened. "Then my dad disappeared in a mining accident so we moved to four for a while but, we're back now because my mother thought it was time or something.." "Welcome back! Do you still remember the way to school?" I asked begining to walk towards the school and beckoning her to follow. "Thanks!" Her eyes caught sight of my bruised face. "What happend?" "Oh!" Damn. I hadn't even thought of an excuse yet. "I was wrestling with my brothers. They're both bigger than me so obviously I was the one to get beat up." I made a face and she laughed. The one thing I was good at lying about was my injuries. No one could know I was a screw up or that my mother hit me. They just couldn't. "Hey um what grade are you in?" she asked. "Only, since four has more advanced schooling the principle moved me up to ninth grade even though I'm not even fourteen yet." I beamed. "I'm in ninth too.. I kind of um skipped a grade." I said mumbling the last part. Whenever I told people that they always thought that was so cool and made a fuss. It obviously wasnt 'cool'. If it met requirements my parents wouldn't expect more of me! "Oh that's so cool! It means we're in the same classes!" There it was the words came out of her mouth just like I expected. Wait... we're in the same classes? She was excited about being in the same classes as me? "How do you know we're in the same classes?" I questioned. "Principle Tinlet or whatever the hell her name is told me there was another student my age who would be in all my classes." "That's me!" " My friend, Madge, is in eight. My friend Gale is in ninth too though. He got held back." she smirked slightly but I wasn't smiling. Oh yeah. She was best friends with Gale who just happened to hate my guts." "You have a sister right?" I asked changing the topic as quickly as possible. "Yeah. Her name's Prim. She's nine." the very thought of the sweet little girl made her smile. "She's not feeling to well today, nervous I expect." "Oh well I hope she gets better soon." I said sincerely as we approached the building. District Twelve's school looked more like a prison with a playground. It was a five story concrete building with little windows on the side. It had a fence surrounding it and a large blacktop with basketball hoops and a playground for the younger kids. The inside was all painted green and red, (our school colors.), making it look like a Christmas shop. The first floor was the elementary kids, the second floor was the middle school kids, the third and fourth floor were the high school kids, and the fifth floor was the related arts and cafeteria. The gym was in the basement. "It hasn't changed at all." Katniss said. "Nope. Not at all. Do you know your locker number?" I asked as we entered the row of ninth grade lockers. "Um...309." she said. I showed her to her locker and said I'd see her later. I wanted to show her around but I couldn't bring myself to tell her. It was a good thing to becasue as soon as I left Gale Hawthorne came and began helping her find the right things for class. Still, I managed to have a conversation with her without screwing up! I took a quick glance towards my locker before actuallly aproaching it. I was quiet enough maybe Cato Meller wouldn't notice me. He was currently flirting with Glimmer Smith, the school slut. Maybe, just maybe, he woudn't notice me. I quickly walked to my locker and opened it. I was just about to make my way to class when I felt a hand grab me by the hair. My body jerked and all my books fell out of my hands. "Cato, please let me go!" I pleaded. "Why should I do that Bread Boy?" he asked elbowing my ribs. I couldn't helpl but let a small whimper escape my mouth as his pointy elbow struck my all ready bruised ribs. "Aww! Is Bread Boy going to go cry to his mommy because mean old Cato hurt him." he said mockingly to applause. Everybody liked to watch a socialy awkward screw up get taunted didn't they? "Sh-shut u-up!" And there was that stutter again something about Katniss made it vanish but now it was back. It wasn't a speach impedement. I just tended to stutter when I was scared, nervous, or embarrassed. As most of my life composed of being scared, nervous, or embarrassed, I stuttered a lot. "M-make m-me." he mocked causing