Disclaimer: Twilight obviously isn't mine. I only own some philosophical analyses. A/N: Hello, I'm Cielo Rouge, and this is my first story (though not the first story I've written), as well as my first try at writing lemons. I hope I didn't screw up. This is also my entry for the fantabulous Dior Rob contest, and even though CiHA (what? I nicknamed my own story) didn't get to win any awards, I'm still happy for my story. The people over there made banners for everyone in the contest (which is awesome!) and link is on my profile for the CiHA banner. I'd like to thank Sara (who dealt with all my craziness and taught me how to use GDoc!) and Ragna S (who came to my aid a few hours before the deadline) from EBS for all the help with this little story. They're awesome betas, I tell you. And to my RL friend (who won't probably see this and now knows one of my deepest secret) Jamaine for pre-reading. That's it. Sorry for the long introduction. Enjoy! I drove around the city, the sun setting behind me. Still, I kept my shades on because fuck, if the paparazzi spotted me driving instead of celebrating with my perfect parents, that would earn me another round of reprimanding from said parents and the irritating herd. I'd had enough of them. Plus, I couldn't see her yet. The wheel strayed a little to the left but I quickly repositioned it before I could get into more trouble. I didn't think of her much these days. Well, I tried not to. Every mention or sight of her brought chills to me, which never happened with anyone ever. That just proved how strongly she owned me. Not that I was fighting it. I didn't even attempt to when I knew I'd fallen for her thirteen years ago. We had practically grown up together since our fathers worked side by side. People once thought we were siblings because of how close we were. She was my best friend, though. A loyal and caring best friend. She was simply the best. Her beauty, her charm, and her personality enchanted me like no one else ever had. Her wit surpassed mine every time; it was almost embarrassing for my father to know I was beaten by a girl. But as long as it was her, I knew I could lose anytime. There were times I did on purpose. She always called me on it with a scowl on her beautiful face. At a young age, I knew deep down that she was the one. But remembering her now made the anger and bitterness resurface. The feelings I had tried to bury after that happened... Like I said, I'd tried to forget about her. My life had taken turns I never considered before. When I left for the University of Pennsylvania—a different institution than what I'd intended for; she and I had planned on Harvard, but of course, I didn't want to run in to her there when she'd finally started college—I'd slept around, partied until dawn, and drank heavily. Still, I kept my work up to standard or else the media or my parents would notice. I'd have to switch schools or come home if that had happened. Thankfully, I managed to graduate, though not with flying colors, much to my parents' disappointment, and received my diploma in business administration. I'd been present this time for graduation. However, I'd realized that I felt shittier than I did four years before. My ways of... distraction did not really free me from the nightmares or, more importantly, from her. Instead, it had only made me miss and want her more. I could see that from the brunettes and brown-eyed women I had been with. So I decided to change course. I finally listened to my parents' advice about setting up my own business in the heart of Chicago. I busied myself with work. Though I didn't like to think of it that way, my father's connections made my job easier, and investors pursued me and not the other way around. Now, I supported and lived separately from my family. But that didn't mean they had stopped dictating my life. Ever since my father became a senator, the Masen family had to adjust and live up to society's expectations. Mother started to participate in charity work every night. We all had to be busy. As the only child, the political circles—or the herd as I liked to call those pestering goats—expected me to follow my father's footsteps. I made it clear early on that I had no intention of doing so. Honestly, politics disgusted me. I'd seen everything since I was young. The whole thing was an antiquated version of society; powerful elites drinking expensive liquor as they exchanged obviously fake pleasantries and discussed national problems that never seemed to lessen. In fact, more than half of them badmouthed each other on the other's back, and some even took it too far with murder for a political position. These stupid goats were truly un-fucking-believable. Not including my very diplomatic father, though. He had the country's best interests at heart, and I was not saying that because he was family. He was a charming, witty, and respected man. My parents were perfect compared to me, the son who fucked up, hence the reason I chose not to attend Father's event. God, I guessed I was getting better at distracting myself from further thoughts of ... her. I was nearing my condo unit when my phone rang. I groaned when I saw who it was. It seemed like skipping tonight was wishful thinking. "Hello, Mother," I greeted warmly. I opted for innocence. "How are you and Father?" "I'll tell you how I am, Edward Anthony!" my mother answered in a heated voice. "I am beyond furious because I was just told that my only son is not coming to in this gala tonight. Do you have any idea how many times these people have asked where you are? Or how Charlie had to cover for you when it came to your speech? Do you?" "Whoa, Mother, one question at a time." I smiled even though she couldn't see it. "Shoot, is Father's gala tonight? I completely forgot! And I'm in a meeting," I said, making my voice sound like I really forgot. Mother huffed on the other end. "Don't pretend, Edward. I called your secretary after you left this afternoon. She said you didn't have anything scheduled tonight. So, would you like to explain why you are not here?" What the hell? Since when did my mother know my secretary's number? I shook that thought away, because only God knew the extent of my family's connections. "Look, Mom, I'm not feeling well tonight. I just want to go home and rest." "She's here, you know." Shit! I almost lost control of the car and took a deep breath. "Of course she's there. Charlie is there, right?" I couldn't talk about this anymore. I'd had enough of her today. "Mother, I'm really sorry, but—" "She's looking for you." And just like that, I was back to being a lovesick teenager, focusing on the fact that maybe there was hope. But there was no hope. She'd chosen who she wanted. I pushed the feeling down. Mother continued when I didn't reply, speaking softly, "She said she wanted to talk to you before ..." she sighed deeply before saying, "Before she got engaged." "SHE'S WHAT?!" I exclaimed, aghast. I pulled over into the nearest parking lot I could find. My voice reverberated in the car, and I slumped over my seat as despair ran through me. No, this couldn't be happening. Even though she had done almost the same thing to me before, this was different. Marriage ... She would be gone. Forever. "What's wrong with that?" She seemed genuinely surprised at my outburst. "She's of legal age. She's–" "She's twenty-four, Mother. She just graduated from law school! How can she get married? Fuck!" I hoped she hadn't noticed how I was aware of those facts. "Edward!" Mother chastised. "Charlie getting older, darling. He wants her to be safe with someone he approves of. He–" Again, I cut her off. " He wantsher to be safe with someone he approves of?" I snorted. "That's bullshit!" "Edward!" she said again. "What is wrong with you? You weren't like this before." But I understood the real meaning behind her words. What had happened between us to change me so much? To create this situation? I wished I could tell her, but even I didn't know how to phrase the answer. I made a snap decision. "I'm coming over. Where are you, Mother?" I asked, my voice tight. Mother sighed again. "Darling, you're right. You must be tired — you should head home." "No, I've made my decision," I said, pulling out and going into the direction away from my unit. "I'm coming to see her." "Okay, dear. We're at Le Crépuscule. I'll see you in a minute. Calm down and drive safely, okay?" Mom pleaded. "Okay," I replied but wasn't sure if I really meant it. As I drove, I pondered my impending meeting with her. Was I right to see her — to finally talk to her after seven years without any form of contact? Could I face her? Questions surged forward and threatened to overwhelm me. They already overwhelmed me. When I was about a block away, I took a U-turn and circled the block once—okay, twice—before heading there. Yes, I knew it was a pathetic attempt to stall, but who could blame me? I was nervous as hell. Sooner than I liked, I arrived at Le Crépuscule. I didn't remember handing my keys to the valet or being welcomed by the staff of the hotel. Hell. I almost forgot that we owned the place. Mother came out of one of the elevators, bronze hair in a twist on top of her head and wearing a long green formal dress with sparkling stones embedded on the edges. She gave a relieved cry when she spotted me. "Thank goodness you're here, darling!" I kissed her on the cheek in greeting. "Come on up and enjoy the party. Good grief, you do look worn out," she exclaimed when she had finally taken a good look at me. Fuck. Did I really look that bad? I needed a drink. "Angela!" she called for her trusted right hand. Swift as the wind, Angela appeared at her side. "Yes, Mrs. Masen. Are there any problems with the event, Madam?" "No, no, I just need you to bring food for Edward." She smiled then looked at me. "You've missed dinner. The guests are all dancing already." I wanted to tell her that food was not really appreciated at the moment because of the odd things somersaulting in my stomach. All I could do was nod. "Yes, Madam. We'll find a spare room and bring in food right away." "Oh no, he can eat up there. Just be quick. Oh, and add more servers." "Yes, Madam." "Very well. Edward — what in the world are you wearing, by the way?" My mother asked, stunned. I looked down and realized I was underdressed. At work, I never liked wearing suits. And since I owned the fucking company, I had worn a black turtleneck shirt with a camel colored wool overcoat and black slacks. With the temperature dropping every hour, I was glad I had my coat "I, uh, didn't have time to change," I admitted sheepishly. "I was still in the car when you called." She tsked and looked irritated. "And the one time your father didn't bring any extra clothes," she muttered. "Guess that'll do. You still look smart, at least. And handsome." She grinned up at me while I rolled my eyes. We made our way to the elevator, and she