AEDAN Morning has just broken, yet I've been awake for hours, tossing and turning and fighting off my nightmares about the day that has just begun – Reaping day. I lie in the same spot for what feels like forever, but eventually my mind is so alive with terrifying thoughts that I have to get up. As soon as I leave my bedroom I go about my morning routine as usual; I bathe in the small pond outside our house, shadowed by large trees that keep me hidden from people walking by. Then I make a breakfast that consists of porridge and bread for my mother and sister Edie, carefully checking all the bread I use to make sure I give them the freshest parts and leave the staler bits for myself. I do all this in the hopes that when my mother and sister come for breakfast, they'll see my calm exterior and this will, in turn, relax them. I check on Edie and, to my surprise, she's still sleeping. Today will be her second reaping, and I can tell she's just as scared as she was last year; she hasn't had more than four hours sleep tonight and has had several nightmares, which I think will probably become a recurring event until she's old enough to be excluded from the reapings. Edie's name is in the bowl only two times, the absolute minimum for someone aged thirteen, and I'm thankful for that. I would give my right arm before I let Edie sign up for tesserae, meaning that although our family would have more oil and grain for the year, her name would be entered more and more times, making it even more likely for her to be reaped. Instead, I signed up for tesserae when I was thirteen years old, and now, at the age of seventeen, my name will be in the bowl 48 times. I'm not too worried, though. By the time my mother was eighteen her name was in the bowl over sixty times, but she was never reaped, and so I figure that today the odds will be in my favour. I slowly exit Edie's room and peer at the clock in the small living area of our house. It's only eleven o'clock, and the reaping doesn't start until two, so I figure I have at least two hours before we have to leave. My mother sits at the dining table with a large bucket of water, carefully hand washing the clothes Edie and I will wear to the reaping. I expect Edie to wake up any moment; to saunter tiredly to the dining table and start eating her porridge, but as the minutes pass not one sound comes from her room. I sit, looking out at District Four through the large window next to me, and watch the waves crashing onto the sand at the beach a few hundred metres away from home. Although my chances of being picked for the Games are more and more every year, I allow myself to relax a little. A false sense of security, I think to myself. That's what's happened to me. I've gone five years, each time an extremely eligible candidate for the games, and have been left untouched by the Capitol. I am not safe. I know that I will probably never be safe in the hands of the Capitol, but today most of the worries that cloud my mind are for Edie, not myself. Just as I am about to get lost in my thoughts, a figure emerges in the waves that I have been watching so closely. No big deal, I think quickly, dismissing the figure. Some people still work on reaping day, including my own father, so whoever it is is probably out to catch some fish before everyone is summoned to the town square. But a nagging concern still lingers in the back of my mind, and I find myself watching the water more intensely than ever. The figure is still there, but there is no boat to speak of. It suddenly occurs to me that they could be drowning. I wait a few seconds, and it seems that no one is trying to help them. In a shorter time than it took me to decide to save the swimmer, I am out the door of our house and sprinting barefoot across the white sand. As I near the water, I hear the muffled screams of a person who is swallowing far too much salt water. I remove my thin blue shirt as I run and immediately dive into the shallow water, beginning a short, fast swim to whoever it is that needs my help. I feel her before I can see her, soft hair tangled in my fingers as I reach my hands out before me. I grab her waist, hoisting her up above the water, and hear her coughing and spluttering and taking in lots of deep breaths. "Keep your head above water!" I shout quickly, and try to keep the girl as far above the surface as I possibly can whilst she mumbles some form of assent. I use my one free arm to direct us both back to the sand, and although the rescue has taken all my energy, the rush of adrenaline that replaces it allows me to carry her well past the shoreline. I finally collapse onto my knees, lowering the girl gently on the sand, when she turns her head away from me and her breakfast makes an unwelcome reappearance. A small crowd has gathered a few feet away from us, and a man quickly hands me a bottle of water for the girl. I see my mother standing tentatively on our porch, wet clothes still hanging from her clenched fists. I doubt she would be angry with me for leaving so suddenly without an explanation, especially because my stopping to say anything to her might have meant the difference between this girl's life and death. "What's your name?" I ask her as I feed her sips of the water. She swallows thirstily for at least a minute before answering me. "Adara… Lucett." She says hoarsely, coughing a little more. We sit for a few minutes, her propped up on her elbows and me feeding her water, until she finally feels able to sit up. "Thank you." "You're welcome," I reply gently. "Were you caught in a rip?" This is the only explanation I can think of, seeing as District Four's industry is fishing, and there's not a single person I know who can't swim properly. A rip tide is dangerous to even the best swimmers; one minute you've got your feet on the ocean floor and you think you can handle the current, the next you're well out of your depths and each useless attempt to get back to shore only makes you more exhausted. I remember the very first time I got caught in a rip. I was only seven but already an advanced swimmer for my age, and my father took me out fishing in shallow water. We had only small nets and spears to aid us, but being from Four, it's all we needed. I saw what I thought was an abnormally large cod a few feet away from me, and even though I knew that I'd probably never be able to catch it, I had to at least try. I dived into the water, causing a pretty big splash, and swam to keep up with the fleeing cod. It was huge as I'd anticipated, but after several attempts to pin it with my spear I realised it was a futile attempt. I surfaced, looking around for my father, but he was much further away than I'd thought. I tried for a few moments to get back to him, but every time I looked up I realised that I was not getting any closer, in fact I was being pulled further out to sea by the current. I tired out quickly, and before long the only thing I found myself able to do was scream. My father was there, though, as fast as lightning, his hands clasped around my wrists, helping me back to shore. I'd swallowed a very small amount of salt water, so except for my being a little shaken there wasn't really any damage done. Actually, 'a little shaken' is a bit of an understatement. I found myself having nightmares nearly every night, reliving the incident in my head, sometimes with twisted variations. One night I'd be running through a tunnel, a pack of wild dogs snapping at my heels, the end of the tunnel moving no closer as I'd sprint toward it. The next night I'd be back in the sea, only this time it would be thousands of jellyfish threatening to sting me to death. Let's just say I didn't get much sleep for a while after that. "I think so. What's your name?" Adara's curious voice forces me back into reality. "Aedan Sparks." I tell her. "Thank you for saving my life, Aedan Sparks." At that moment, a man I can only assume to be Adara's father breaks through the ever growing crowd. "Adara!" He runs towards us, dropping to his knees opposite me and wrapping his arms around his daughter. "Thank you, boy." He says, directing his attention to me. "You're welcome," I say to them both. Out of the corner of my eye, I see my mother standing in the exact same spot she was earlier, and realise that I should probably be getting back to her. "I'm sorry Adara, Mr. Lucett, I have to be getting home," I stand, handing Adara the depleted water bottle. "Good luck for later." I grab my shirt from the sand and begin to make my way back home, smiling courteously as the Lucetts continue to thank me long after I've left the beach and walked back onto the porch of my house. My mother drops our clothes onto the small bench that leans against the wall and embraces me immediately. "Well done Aedan, well done." She says. I let her hug me a few moments longer before walking back inside my house. I catch sight of myself in the mirror and immediately know that my mother would want me to bathe again, so I go out and wash myself in the pond for the second time today. By the time I come back inside it's getting on for half twelve and to my surprise my sister is still not awake. I put on the pale green shirt and light trousers that my mother washed for me and slowly make my way to Edie's room. My mother is already there. We stand over Edie for a moment, not wanting to ruin her peaceful sleep, but the reaping is imminent, and lateness isn't something that the Capitol will tolerate. In the end it's me who wakes her, while my mother goes to trade some grain for fresh fish that we'll enjoy tonight after the reaping. "Is it time to go?" Edie asks me, her voice almost a whisper, as she rubs her eyes and sits up in her bed. "Not yet. Here, eat your porridge." I prop Edie's pillows up behind her and place the bowl of porridge on her lap. Her face lights up as I pass her the fresh bread, and she eats it in seconds without taking a break between bites. I can't help but laugh as I watch her; anyone would think that she's never seen a scrap of food in her life, when really she probably eats more than me and my mother put together. "Slow down! You'll make yourself sick." I tell her, not wanting a repeat of last time, when both Edie and my mother were ill and I spent a whole day out in the pond trying to get the smell of vomit off Edie's bed sheets.