A/N: Well, this is my first Edward/Jacob story and I'm very excited about it! I should probably have waited until I was done with Love and War , but I've been sitting on this one for months and I'm too excited not to post it. This one will be more slow moving that my other ones (to start off, Jacob is only 13 right now), and a bit more like That Which Cannot Remain Silent as far as tone and humour. It will certainly be less angsty than Love and War and The Purpose of Life. So hopefully you all enjoy it! (Also, I may have messed with the canon timeline a bit. But it suits the story, so go with it.) Summary: The first time he passed through Forks, Edward found himself strangely drawn to the Quileute Tribal leader, Ephraim Black. But knowing that he was not his mate, Edward ignored his instinct to stay with Ephraim and try to become friends with the tribe, and he left with his family. When they return years later, Edward meets Ephraim's grandson, Jacob, and finally discovers just why he was drawn to Ephraim. The only problem is that the separation and tensions between the wolves and vampires are a hindrance to Edward getting what he wants. Thankfully, both Edward and Jacob are stubborn. Disclaimer: The Twilight Series and all recognisable characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. No money is being made and no copyright infringement is intended. Only this rather lame plot is mine. Prologue Forks, Washington, 1948 Edward looked around the quaint country house that would be their new home for the next couple of years. It wasn't horrible, but Esme was determined to decorate it into her favourite style, whatever that was. It was the first new home they had been to since she had joined their makeshift family, and she was excited to put her mark on it. Edward and Carlisle were fine with that considering their other homes were sparse and bland. Having a house that felt like a home was a welcomed normality in their strange world. Edward walked around the second floor noting that there were more rooms than the four of them would need, before he moved up to the third floor. He hoped one of the rooms could be set aside for his piano. And maybe a library would be nice. With only Carlisle, Esme, Rosalie, and Edward living there, each person could have three rooms to themselves and still have space to spare. Room to grow, Esme had insisted when they had first looked at the house. Edward didn't know why they would grow, unless Rosalie and he found their mates. But Edward couldn't see himself with anyone, and Rosalie was a bitch. Edward loved her like a sister, but even he admitted that it would take a special man to put up with her. "Edward," Esme called from downstairs, "Come help us move things." "Come on Precious Edward, you have to pull your weight too," Rose's taunting voice followed. Edward frowned and tucked his hands into his trouser pockets, thinking of all the horrible things he could call Rosalie once he got down there. It was only Esme's sweet smile greeting him that mellowed his mood. He picked up their new yellow couch – which was quite fashionable, yet hideously ugly, in Edward's opinion. "Where would you like this, Esme?" "We've designated the back room as the living room. The one with the French doors opening up to the backyard." Edward nodded in understanding and carried the couch through the hallway, making sure he hit the top of Rosalie's head. She glared at him and yelled, Ass ,in her head so Esme couldn't hear. Edward smirked and mouthed, "witch" before carrying on with his chore. He dropped the couch in the middle of the room, knowing that wherever he put it, Esme and Rosalie would just move it anyway. "Where's Carlisle?" He asked. "Getting a job at the hospital," Rose replied. She brought in a recliner chair and shot a withering glare at Edward when the couch blocked her from entering the room further. "Oh, of course." "We're going by Gaskell here, in case you forgot." "I hadn't," Edward shot back. "Right, so he has to send in his new information, including last name. Really, you are the mind reader. Shouldn't you know all this?" "I do try to give you your privacy." Rosalie snorted and turned away from Edward, "Our beds are outside. I've already claimed the bedroom at the front of the house on the second floor. And Esme says your piano should be arriving later today." Edward practically glowed at the excitement of having a piano again. They had been on the move for the past four years and Edward desperately missed being able to play a piano when he wanted to get away from the world. Or from himself. Now he would finally have a piano at his disposal; and as appeasement for being dragged around the country for four years – and, Edward liked to think, putting up Rosalie along the way – Esme and Carlisle allowed Edward to chose whatever piano he liked. The rest of the day was spent moving furniture around and painting. Edward stayed in his designated room at the back of the house, setting up his new bookshelves and organising his library in alphabetical order. And then again by genre. Anything to avoid getting forced to paint and decorate. Carlisle arrived later that night and Esme proudly walked him throughout the house; preening under the praise Carlisle gave her. Edward felt the familiar pang in his chest that he always got when he watched others with their mates. He loved his family, and was happy that he wasn't wandering somewhere alone, but he wanted nothing more than a mate. He desperately wanted someone who would love him and stay with him forever. Carlisle had hoped that person would be Rosalie, but Edward knew it wasn't. He loved Rose and admitted she was beautiful, but he would never be in love with her. To pretend or use each other for temporary relief would be cruel, because somewhere out there Rosalie had a mate waiting. And hopefully so did Edward. The piano arrived later that night and Esme set it up in the corner of the living room. Edward hid his disappointment because he knew that Esme loved hearing him play, but secretly he wanted some privacy. He would never get that though, and part of him didn't think he deserved it. Esme never had privacy around Edward. Her thoughts were laid bare before him, and thoughts were the most private thing a person could have. So if he had to share his playing, he supposed he could have worse penance for constantly stealing the private thoughts of those around him. He played all night long and for the first time since becoming a vampire, Edward was happy that he didn't have to sleep anymore. By the next morning he was no longer out of practice, and no one would have ever guessed that he hadn't touched a piano in years. "Edward!" Edward stopped playing immediately, his fingers hovering over the keys like a statue. Esme rushed into the room in a panic that Edward had never seen before. "Esme, what's wrong?" "Carlisle just called. He had a run in with someone at the hospital, someone who knew he was a vampire. They have set up a meeting for tonight." "How could anyone know what we are?" "They're from the reservation," Esme said ominously, "The man said he knew Carlisle from their legends. Oh, what if they tell someone?" "Calm down, Esme," Edward said. He gently took her by the shoulders and guided her to the couch. "There's nothing to be worried about. Even if someone said something about us, nobody would believe them. As long as we stay calm, everything will be fine." "You're right, of course Edward. It's just been so nice here, having a home and settling in. I don't want to lose that." "We won't. We'll meet with the man, ask him what he wants in exchange for his silence, and continue on as if nothing has happened." As much as he assured Esme that nothing would go wrong, Edward wasn't as convinced himself. He could only suspect whom Carlisle had met in the hospital, and if he was right, it didn't bode well for their family. Edward had been set against living in Forks, Washington for one reason: the Quileute tribe. Edward had taken some anthropology courses at college and in one of them they had studied the legends of Native Americans. One legend in particular had caught Edward's eye, and that was the legend of the 'Cold Ones' from the Quileute tribe. Amazed that his own species had made it into legend, Edward had learned as much about the tribe as he could. So when Carlisle had suggested Forks, and Edward recognised the name of the town, he tried to convince the rest of his family that this was a bad idea. But who would believe legends, the family thought, and so they moved in. And here they were. A ball of dread was forming in Edward's stomach at the idea of meeting the man tonight. Something told Edward it was going to be life changing. This was confirmed even more once Edward found himself standing in the woods later that night at the border of what he now knew was the La Push Reservation. "This is where he told us to meet," Carlisle muttered. He had been visibly shaken when he had returned from the hospital that day. The man had been violent and confrontational, and it took all of Carlisle's control not to attack and defend his family. "They're coming," Edward warned. He could hear bits of thoughts getting closer. One of them was louder than the others, more hesitant yet determined. The Cullen's stood closer and took defensive stances, in case they were to be attacked. "We won't hurt you," A voice called from the trees. "You'll forgive us if we don't trust you," Carlisle said. Edward strained to hear the minds of the men. Their superior vampire hearing gave them one advantage, so they knew that there was a group of fifteen men moving into position so that they were surrounding them. "Why should you fear us? You are the killers here," the same voice said. "We are just food to you." "No, you are not our food. Our family only eats animals. We will not hurt you. We just want to live a quiet life here for a few years." Laughter echoed around the trees. One laugh was louder than the others and at that moment and man stepped out from the trees. Edward's breath caught as the beautiful man was illuminated by the moonlight. His golden skin and long black hair gleamed brilliantly. There was something about this man that called to Edward. He had something special and wonderful about him. "A vampire that does not eat humans? I have never heard of that." "It is rare, I will give you that," Carlisle admitted. "But I assure you, my family means you no harm. We do not hunt humans and we will not hunt you. If you let us live in peace, it will be like we were never here." The native man regarded Carlisle briefly then let his eyes wander to Esme and Rosalie. Then his eyes finally met Edward's. Edward couldn't tear himself away from the gaze. He didn't know what was happening to him, why he felt like this man was important. He knew it wasn't his mate, vampire knew their mates immediately, and this man was not Edward's mate. But then why did he elicit this reaction? "My name is Ephraim Black. I am the tribal elder of this land," Ephraim said regally. "My name is Carlisle Cullen,"