A/N: I found this when I was looking through my stories on my computer. It's been a long time since I've posted anything new. This one happens to be pure smut. Hope you enjoy ;) Disclaimer: I do not own anything 'Twilight' – just my own ideas. Chapter One - The Interloper "Alice, is that you?" Bella called as she finished slicing the last piece of cheese. She put the snack platter on the bench and popped a grape into her mouth. They had a chef to cook the major meals, but Bella liked to prepare the simple things. "Hey Bella," Alice said as she entered the kitchen. Bella was surprised to see the petite brunette wasn't alone. The accompanying statuesque blonde looked like she should be walking the catwalk, and not the distance between the door and the kitchen bench. The girl was slim with an impressive bust and soul-piercing blue eyes. She was exquisite and the complete opposite of Alice. "This is my new friend, Rosalie," Alice introduced. The girl gave her a close-mouthed smile and went in for the double cheek kiss. Bella caught a whiff of perfume and her stomach unexpectedly dropped with pleasure. "You're Alice's mother?" Rosalie asked, her voice smooth and not at all nasal like the girls who usually kept company with Alice. "Oh no, she's my stepdaughter," Bella corrected. "Well, that makes much more sense," Rosalie said with a tiny smirk. Alice assembled a cracker with cheese and salami and munched on it, totally at ease. "Most girls get uncomfortable when their step-mothers are only a few years older than they are, but Alice takes it as the opportunity for a perfect shopping partner," Bella said with a fond smile to her stepdaughter. "It's Beverly Hills. What else do you expect but beautiful young people? I'm just lucky Dad married Bella and not some snobbish egomaniac," Alice said. Rosalie picked up a grape and bit into the juicy flesh. Bella watched in fascination as she sucked on the fruit. "Speaking of your father," Bella said, pulling her eyes away from the eighteen-year-old stranger, "He promised he would be home in time for the party tonight." "He better be. He's the one who insists we can't host anything unless he's present," Alice replied. "Isn't he always away on business?" Rosalie asked Alice. "Yes! Which means every time he comes home we throw a massive party. It annoys him, but it's his own fault for being away all the time. If he was home more often our creative energy wouldn't be about to burst every time he gets home," Alice ranted. "Alice has designer needs," Bella joked. "Speaking of needs, we have to start getting ready for tonight," Alice announced, dragging the blonde away to her room upstairs. Bella watched them go, a little disturbed when her gaze lingered on Rosalie's tight ass. xxX-Xxx "Your stepmom is a dish," Rosalie said as she waited for Alice to exit her closet. "She's the whole package. She's smart, gorgeous to look at - without the help of a single needle or implant - and she's got the best personality. I couldn't have asked for anyone better." "Your dad's a lucky man," Rosalie said. "You wouldn't know it, seeing as he's never here with us." "He pays for your lifestyle," Rosalie reminded her. "Yeah, I know," Alice said on a sigh as she finally exited her closet. "That's the dress," Rosalie said with certainty. The black knee length concoction of lace and chiffon was complimented by red peeptoe heels. It matched Alice's pixie fashion sense perfectly. "Now hurry up and finish your face," Alice asserted as she applied her own red lipstick and readjusted her hair. "Just go downstairs and help your stepmom host. I'll join you when I'm ready," Rosalie insisted. "I really do need to help host," Alice stated, glancing at the time on her phone. "I'm nowhere near finished yet, you don't have to wait for me," Rosalie assured her friend. "Fine, but you better look fabulous." Alice disappeared while Rosalie rolled her eyes. xxX-Xxx Tonight's theme was black and red, but it seemed no one had felt adventurous, so nearly every woman wore black. Bella herself was dressed in a floor length black gown that hugged her curves and showed off her very impressive and very natural breasts. She was all of twenty-four years old and already a wife and stepmother. Her husband, being fifteen years older than herself, had already had time to establish himself independently in this world. Bella had been desperately in love with her husband when they got married, but the constant nights apart had quickly curbed her enthusiasm for their relationship. He was constantly working, and she had come to realize that she was secondary to his career. The realization had been shocking enough to burst her perfect little bubble. "Bella, you look stunning," Jessica said as she double cheek kissed her. Bella replied with the appropriate compliment and waited to greet the next guest. There were certain social codes in Beverly Hills that really drained Bella. She was not a fan of putting on airs, but she didn't really have a choice if she wanted to be a part of this community. Bella turned to take another drink from a passing server when she saw her. Rosalie descended the staircase in a stunning floor length red dress that hugged all her curves. The split up the side revealed her entire toned leg up to her hip. Her heels were black with a red underside and her hair was curled into messy perfection. She should have been on the cover of a magazine. "Rosalie, you look stunning," Bella said as she reached the bottom of the stairs. The foyer emptied as the last guests made their way into the party. The two of them stood momentarily alone underneath the elegant chandelier. Bella moved to air kiss Rosalie in greeting, seeing as she was a party guest, but Rosalie turned her head at the last minute so that their lips met. Bella would've thought it was an accident, except for the gentle pressure Rosalie's lips exuded against her own. For one split second, Rosalie's tongue entered her mouth for a taste, and then quickly retreated. They both took a step back at the same time. Bella's eyes were wide with shock, but Rosalie just smirked. She gave Bella a polite smile before following the other guests into the party. Bella took a moment to compose herself and make sure her lipstick wasn't smudged, before she too entered the party. The backyard was covered in people. The garden was decorated in white fairy lights and candles floated on top of the pool. Performers painted entirely in black or red stood on raised platforms and contorted themselves into impossible positions. They were sexy, and elevated the entire party into something else. The only thing that was missing was her husband. She spotted Rosalie and Alice by the pool, surrounded by a group of Alice's friends. Her eyes lingered on Rosalie's figure, a jolt of unexpected pleasure starting in her stomach and radiating outwards. She found herself touching her lips before she even realized what she was doing. "So, will Edward be joining us this evening?" the jubilant Emmett McCarthy inquired from her side. Bella quickly tore her eyes away from the gorgeous blonde and regarded her guest. He looked suave in his black suit with the red tie. "He called to cancel half an hour ago. He's stuck in Paris for some business deal," she told her close friend. "Well, no doubt he'll be calling me to make sure I keep an eye on you tonight," Emmett stated solemnly. It was a well-known fact to their mutual friends that her husband was possessive and jealous. He didn't like it when she hosted parties without him there to keep an eye on her. "His lack of trust is a real insult, you know," Bella said, actually feeling a spark of anger. She didn't know why she was getting upset now when she'd been experiencing the same possessiveness since before they were married. "He trusts you. I just don't think he trusts anyone else," Emmett reassured her. "We all know that's bullshit, Em. It's not like I'm accidentally going to fall on someone else's dick. There has to be two people making the decision to have consensual sex," Bella said, uncaring about whether the conversation was appropriate for a party. Emmett's boisterous laugh was enough to kill the tension. She gave him a genuine smile before she left him to go mingle with her other guests. xxX-Xxx As the party wound down, Bella wondered why she even bothered. She hadn't enjoyed herself at all, except for maybe a few interesting conversations. She was feeling stressed and knotted up, unable to get rid of her tension. The last guests had left an hour and a half ago, but she found herself lying in bed, staring up at the ceiling. She had expected her husband to join her tonight and his absence in her bed was a disappointment. She'd had plans to rekindle their love life with her newly bought lingerie. Instead, she was so tightly wound that she didn't feel comfortable in her own skin. Finally, she decided to jump in the Jacuzzi to try and ease away her tension. She threw on her favorite neon green string bikini and quietly made her way downstairs. Outside, the moon was shining bright and the pool area was illuminated by its ethereal glow. To her surprise, the hot tub was already on. As she got closer, she realized it was Rosalie. "Sorry, I didn't realize you'd still be up," Bella said tentatively when Rosalie met her eyes. "It's fine. I can leave if you want," Rosalie told her. "Don't be silly," Bella said automatically, still playing the gracious hostess. She stood there awkwardly for a moment, wondering if she should just go back upstairs now that her option of a relaxing soak was gone. "Then why don't you join me?" the blonde asked, beckoning her over. Bella hesitated another moment before she finally let herself get into the bubbling hot water. "Is Alice asleep?" Bella asked after an extended stretch of silence. "She snuck out to be with Jasper," Rosalie said nonchalantly. "I was supposed to cover for her." Bella couldn't help but giggle. "I'm a pretty shitty friend," Rosalie said with a smirk. "I don't think that's true. Maybe you just know when to be real and when to be fake," Bella announced out of the blue. Rosalie met her eyes and gave her a genuine smile. She must have really liked her answer. They lapsed back into silence as they sat opposite each other. Bella could feel her muscles slowly losing their tension and she was glad. However, she couldn't help herself from glancing repeatedly at Rosalie. Bella could only see down to her delicate collarbones and the tops of her sizeable breasts encased by a pink bikini, but it was enough to have her feeling hot on the inside as well as on the outside. She'd never been so intensely attracted to a woman before. Sure, she'd admired and envied other females, but she'd never had quite this reaction before. And she'd certainly never considered having sex with another woman. Rosalie unhurriedly stood up from her spot across from Bella and moved to the center of the water. Bella felt a coiling down below as she took in the expanse of her flat midsection and how the wet bikini top clung to her impressive breasts. She couldn't tear her eyes away as Rosalie reached behind her back and deliberately untied the string. Slowly, she peeled the bikini over her head and tossed it outside. Bella swallowed as she took in the perfect breasts now at her eye level. Without saying a word, Rosalie crossed into Bella's space and pressed herself up against Bella.