A/N: This is my new Percy Jackson story, but this time he'll be on the dark side. The pairing is PercyxArtemisxAsteriaxThaliaxZoe. Don't worry I'll still work on GOTH and Apollo's punishment. Hope you like the story. Disclaimer: I don't own any characters. Rick does. "People talking" Thoughts "Gaea we will defeat you" Percy said to the Primordial of earth as he gets ready to strike her down with riptide. Gaea decided that she'll ruin the demigod before she's forced to sleep again for a long time. "Before I get defeated I have something to tell everyone. I had a spy at your camp" She said to the gods with a wide grin. Percy didn't like the way she was grinning at him. He also felt a bit curious on who the traitor is at the camp. "I don't think there's a traitor. She's just buying time" Athena said to her fellow gods. "Oh but there is and he's standing near you" Gaea said to the goddess of wisdom. Zeus was getting angrier at the talk of a traitor in their demigods. "Who?" He asks her as he grits his teeth. Gaea looks at the god of the skies with a cheshire grin. "Why it's none other than your hero Perseus Jackson. He's my spy" She said loudly causing all the demigod's eyes to widen. Percy's body started shaking a bit in fear at what Gaea just said to everyone. I'm not a traitor. He looks at everyone from the gods to his friends before turning his attention to the primordial of earth. "You're lying, I'm not a spy" He said loudly as he strikes her down with riptide. He hopes that everyone believes him or he'll be in a lot of pain. (Time skip) Percy arrived on Olympus for the rewards along with the other six heroes. He knew that most likely he'll be offered godhood again, but he'll have to decline it. He watches each of the heroes get called up and receive their reward. Jason and Piper became minor gods and goddess. Nico becoming the ghost king. The other three becoming minor gods also. "Perseus Jackson. You won't be getting any reward and instead we will trial you for being a spy for Gaea" Zeus said to the son of Poseidon angrily. "Hephaestus chain Perseus" He said to his son. The god of fire frowns a bit before snapping his fingers and chaining Perseus up with celestial bronze. He didn't believe the demigod was guilty at all, but he can't say anything because of his father's paranoia. "Now that you're tied up. It's time for your trial" Zeus said to the demigod with a small grin. He wanted to kill the demigod ever since he declined godhood the first time and he thinks that he's getting too powerful. Percy looks at everyone with eyes of betrayal. "I'm innocent. My fatal flaw is personal loyalty. The opposite of betrayal" He said loudly as tears leak out of his eyes. He couldn't believe that his friends are glaring at him especially Thalia. He tells Zeus that he was with Artemis and Thalia most of the time after Annabeth broke up with him. "Is what the spawn of my brother telling the truth daughter?" Zeus asked Artemis. Artemis frowned a bit as she didn't want that information to be heard by everyone. She remembered the first time she talked to Percy and they ended up becoming best friends for the past year. During the past year her feelings for Percy became deeper, but she kept them hidden and locked up. "No he's lying Father" She said to the sky god with a small frown. Zeus grinned widely nodding at his daughter. "I see. The sea spawn lied then" He said to the moon goddess with a small frown. He tells each of the gods to vote innocent or guilty. "Innocent" Apollo said smiling brightly as he glares at his sister for lying. Percy's eyes widened at what Apollo just said. He felt good knowing at least one god believes that he's innocent. "Guilty" Ares said loudly. "Guilty" Aphrodite said with a small frown. She still felt bitter about her favorite pairing Percabeth not happening. "Guilty" Athena said sneering at the demigod of her rival. "Guilty" Poseidon said sadly as he couldn't believe that his son is a traitor. When Percy heard his father say guilty, he felt a little of his heart breaking. "Abstain" Hades said to his fellow gods. "Abstain" Hephaestus said with a small smile. "Guilty" Dionysus said as he thinks one less demigod will make him happier at camp. "Guilty" Hera said with a smug like smile. "Guilty" Hermes said as he still felt bitter about Luke. "Abstain" Demeter said softly. "Innocent" Hestia said happily. Percy smiles happily knowing that the goddess of hope voted innocent for him. "I vote Guilty" Zeus said with a small grin. Percy wasn't surprised at all with Zeus voting Guilty since he's the one who started this joke of a trial. He looked at the moon goddess hoping that she'll vote innocent. "Guilty" Artemis said loudly. Percy's eyes widened at what Artemis just said. He felt another part of his heart breaking at her betrayal. He really thought that she was his best friend, but now she's just like everyone else who voted guilty. Zeus decided to humiliate the traitor even more by asking the demigods to vote for him. "Raise your hands if you think Perseus is a traitor" He said loudly. His grin gets wider as he watches every single hand go up into the air. "Raise your hand up if you think he's innocent" He said to them. He watches as not a single hand goes up. Percy feels something snap inside him as his friends betray him. He thought that Thalia and Nico would at least vote innocent, but he's wrong again. They will regret betraying me. "You'll be sent to Tartarus for being a traitor. Any last words?" Zeus said to the demigod with a small frown. Percy felt shivers go down his spine at the word Tartarus. He walks over to Apollo and Hestia thanking them for voting innocent. He goes back to his spot before breaking out of his chains. He pulls out riptide before glaring at his dad. "I return this sword to the original owner." He said loudly as riptide disappears from his hand. He turns his attention back to the gods. "You'll regret betraying me, especially you moon goddess and daughter of Zeus" He said glaring at Artemis and Thalia. He smiled coldly when he saw them flinch and look away from him. Zeus lifts up his master bolt before slamming it down on the ground and opening the entrance to Tartarus. "Ares drop him into Tartarus" He said to his son. Ares nods at his father with a wide grin. He gets up from his seat. Percy not wanting to give the gods the satisfaction of kicking him into Tartarus. "I swear on the river styx and chaos that I will get my revenge" He said to them before he jumps into the hole willingly. "Hahahahahahaha I'll be back" He said as he falls down into Tartarus. As the hole closes, the gods could still hear that dark psychotic laugh from the former hero of Olympus making them shiver a bit. They were surprised at him swearing on Chaos though. "He jumped into Tartarus willingly" Thalia said loudly in shock. That laugh of his shook her to the core. What have I done? She silently cried. "Now that the traitor is gone. We can move to Apollo's punishment" Zeus said loudly as his body shook from that cold dark psychotic laugh. He knew that he couldn't punish his older sister since she's much more powerful than him, so he decided to go with his son. "Why am I being punished?" Apollo asked glaring at his father. "Siding with the traitor and having too many demigods" Zeus said to him angrily. He nods at Aphrodite. "Fine what's my punishment for siding with a hero?" Apollo asked his father with a small frown. "You will be a female permanently" Zeus said to his son. Apollo appears in the center of the room. His eyes widened when Aphrodite lifts her hand up and shoots a beam of pink energy at him. He feels his body changing, his hips becoming more feminine. Two large lumps appearing where his nipples were at. His sunny blond hair becoming longer until it reaches down her back. He lets out a loud feminine scream before fainting. All of a sudden the room got darker and a powerful presence appeared in the room. "Who dares interrupt The King of Gods" Zeus said loudly. "I do drama queen. I should blast you for being so arrogant" A male voice said loudly. Artemis watches her aunt get off her throne and bow before the male. "Who are you male?" She asks him angrily. "I'm Chaos the creator." A man with eyes like the galaxy said glaring at the moon goddess causing every's eyes to widen. The gods and demigods quickly bow before Chaos making him laugh a bit. "I don't like people bowing to me" Chaos said to them. The gods got back on their thrones. "So why are you here Lord Chaos?" Thalia asked the creator tilting her head to the side a bit curious. "I came here to offer Perseus my blessing and make him my heir to the universe, but it seems that I'm too late" Chaos said loudly as his voice gets colder towards the end. "Why would you offer that to a traitor?" Thalia asked him with a small frown. The room gets colder after what Thalia just said. "How dare you say that about Perseus. He's not a traitor, your moon goddess lied and Gaea just wanted to ruin him" Chaos said to the daughter of Zeus angrily. "I'm disappointed in all of you except for Hestia and Apollo who believed in Perseus" He said to them with a small frown. A few tears leak out of Artemis' eyes as she's reminded of betraying Percy. She silently made a vow that when he gets out of Tartarus that she'll do anything and everything to get him to forgive her. I'll have a lot of making up to do with him. Strangely Thalia made the same type of vow that Artemis made silently. Chaos looks from the moon goddess to the demigod of Zeus before laughing a bit at their vow. "Good luck girls you're going to need it since you'll have more competition" He said to them with a small grin as he points to the unconscious sun goddess. Artemis gritted her teeth at what Chaos just said about her having more competition for Percy. Now that Apollo is a female, she doesn't have to hold back. "How many?" Thalia asked with a small frown. Chaos thinks for a few minutes before answering. "Her and another one that Percy will meet in Tartarus" He said to the daughter of Zeus. Thalia didn't like that the girl in Tartarus would be together with Percy for a long time. She felt jealousy course through her body. So Lady Artemis, Lady Apollo, me and a mysterious girl all like him. Artemis felt herself getting jealous at the information of a girl in Tartarus being alone with Percy. She didn't like the thought of a girl that's not her being with him for a long time. "Well I'm going to leave sin ce I'm too late, but I hope that you're all ready for another war without Perseus" Chaos said to the gods with a small glare. "What do you mean Lord Chaos?" Athena asked the creator with a small frown. "Exactly what I mean. Perseus will be on your enemy's side" Chaos said to the goddess of wisdom. "What, but he has to help us. His fatal flaw is