CLASH OF WILLS Part 1 Ananynse shifted to her side groaning silently, the sharp stones beneath her poking through her cloak as she tried to find a somewhat comfortable position on the granite rock she was lying on. The wind rustled the leaves of the birch tree above her as she rolled over again with sigh of frustration toward the fire, hoping the faint embers might still radiate a bit of warmth. Across from her the snoring lumps of her men flickered in the shadowy illumination of the glowing embers, grey forms against the darker backdrop of the forest edge a hundred yards behind them. They were so close to a far more comfortable bed within the forest and yet she dared not lead them into even a few feet of that wood. Their way through this land of rock and more rock at the foot of the mountains was dangerous enough with the bands of patrolling Orcs from the Mines of Moria to their west and from Mordor to the southeast. But she knew the rumors of the elves within the Golden Wood and their fierce protection of their borders were not exaggerated. The likelihood of their being shot first with no questions asked was so strong that she dared not take any chance of finding shelter there. She grunted as the rocks beneath her seemed to dig into her side further and finally sat up, rubbing her hip as she leaned over her knees. The fire barely gave much light, banked as it was and shielded from view by the overhang of rock overhead. The branches of the lone tree she sat beneath brushed the overhanging rock and enclosed the area fairly well for them to be hidden enough to get some quick rest. She pulled her heavy braid of copper hair to hang over her shoulder and adjusted the band that held it tightly braided. Her hair was usually pulled back as it often seemed to have a mind of its own but it was her one concession to vanity, as otherwise from a distance, she looked like one of her men. Her tunic and leggings were loose enough that they did not reveal her thin figure, not that there was much there to begin with, and with her cloak and helmet most could not tell she was female even at close range until they saw the braid, and then her dark eyes. Try as she might she could not change the long lashes that framed the dark brown of her eyes, and the high arching brows that spoke of her elvish heritage. She gave the band a final twist and then rubbed her hands near the fire to warm them as she stared into the glowing coals. Was it only a year ago that she'd left home? It seemed like a lifetime. Home, she laughed to herself, was it really that? Grimacing she reached into her belt pouch pulling out a small piece of dried fruit and began to slowly chew. They had followed the Old Forest Road through the forests of Rhovanion, fighting several patrols of Orcs while the darkness crept further toward her lands. Her home in the Erid Mithrin, the Grey Mountains, had been harsh. A land that was not forgiving in many aspects. She now was the Oracle of Mithrin now that her mother was dead; she was here, at the borders of Lothlórien and Moria amid the light knows what sorts of dangers, on a quest to find answers. She scratched the back of her head, the last couple weeks of travel had not given them any time to stop for very long, and too far from any water to take a least a quick dip. Light! She'd lie down in a mud puddle if it meant she could be clean again. Her last bath, she laughed quietly, the last bath had been an untimely collapse into a stream that they were crossing in Rhovanion. The forests of Mirkwood were dark, but not as dark as her visions and her latest revelation had completely overtaken her. If it hadn't been for Delvan, she'd be lying there still. She rested her forehead on her knees, rubbing her arms when the wind swirled suddenly around the small cavern making the coals of the fire burn a bit brighter with the gust of air. Her mother was dead, just over a year ago. Still she could hardly believe it that she was gone, worse, into the shadow. She betrayed you, betrayed your people but how? Ananynse grimaced, how could she do it? She closed her eyes, unable to block out the bitter memories. Because she didn't consider them her people, Ananynse thought, her mother had felt the Mitrhin had only tolerated her over the years because of her marriage to King Thodren, and then after his death, because of her visions. She had protected the Mithrin for over two hundred years, long enough for her daughter to grow up, and begin to see visions of her own. But Ananynse's visions were different from her mother's, so dark and despairing. Ananynse had grown afraid to touch anyone for fear of what she might see. So many deaths, only the barest touch would send her reeling with horror, and of late, unconscious. What did it all mean? She looked up noting the sky had begun to lighten and stood, stretching her tight muscles. She headed toward the sentry and knelt beside him as he sat looking toward the wood. "You've been thinking of your mother again," Delvan whispered, turning his head toward her with a frown. Ananynse grinned sheepishly, her teeth a white flash in the darkness, "You know me too well I'm afraid, Delvan." "You have to let it go," Delvan declared softly, his eyes glittering in the dim light, "it was not your fault. Deyanan did what she had to do, she wanted more power. You know this. She wanted revenge, Ananynse, for all the supposed wrongs we did to her all these years. Why didn't she just leave after Thodren's death? She could have gone back to her people, returned to the elves?" Ananynse frowned as the memories clouded her mind. "She couldn't bear the thought that she might be disgraced, living with a mortal and bearing him a child. I don't understand why she felt that way, Elrond himself is half Noldor and half human, yet he leads the Rivendell Elves as lord." She shook her head. "I think her mind was taken by the shadow long ago, I just didn't see it. I was suspicious only when I finally realized her 'visions' were not really true, but something she made up." Ananynse stood slowly. "It's time to get moving, with luck we'll be out of these lands by nightfall and mayhap even get close enough to the river to camp." She grinned at the sour look Delvan gave her. "I fear we will not leave the Golden wood behind just yet," he disagreed with a glance to the forest in front of him. "The river Anduin splits as it heads south along the eastern borders of Lothlórien and I hope we can make camp there before nightfall." Delvan studied the wood; the trees had become more distinct as the light grew brighter in the sky overhead. "I fear we will catch the attention of those within the forest skirting their borders as we are. If they are watching us now, we'd not know it." xxx The splash of water against her boots was welcome as they crossed a narrow steam of tumbled rocks. The water flowed swiftly but not too deep down the course of the river. Ananynse and her men spread out as they reached the bank running quickly along the river's edge. She looked at the water longingly as they ran and felt a sudden shiver run up her spine as the men behind her loped easily along. She glanced at the wood, but found only trees staring back. She had woken with a sense of trepidation, an uneasy feeling that harried her since leaving the rocky ledge that morning. She shifted her gaze back to the trees knowing there was only one reason for her apprehension and she raised a hand to stop. The men gathered around her as she whistled piercingly and in a moment, Delvan ran up to them breathing hard. "An Orc patrol a couple leagues back," he gasped, leaning over his knees. "They don't seem to be on our trail, maybe just using the same path. I'm surprised they run this close to the wood." He looked behind him, and then coughed, taking a flask of water from Ananynse. "I suggest we keep going until nightfall and hopefully we can find a place to rest away from the trail." Ananynse nodded her agreement and Delvan returned to his rear guard. A couple leagues further they slowed. The trail veered off to the left crossing through a shallow area of the river but Ananynse left the path to follow the riverbank further south until finally stopping within a small grove of trees on the river's edge. The borders of the main forest receded away from the river, leaving a wide swath of grassy verge between the wood and the small copse alongside the river. A smaller stream branched off and flowed deeper into the woodland, leaving the small glade surrounded by the larger Anduin and the smaller Celebrant. She slipped her quiver and sword from her back and sat down, stretching the tired muscles in her legs. A few moments later Delvan reached them to crouch down beside her. "The Orcs turned off a few leagues back, but I don't trust them." Ananynse stared across the water into the rocky hills beyond. "Double the guard tonight but for short periods. We all need a rest. No fires. I've felt uneasy all day. I have a feeling we've had more company than the Orcs behind us." xxx Haldir stood in the cleft of the branches of the tree, watching the group of men make camp near the edge of the river. The Elves had tracked them for days now, waiting to see if they would turn into the Wood, but they only skirted the forest. The Orcs had followed a few leagues behind them, unaware of a quarry just ahead. The men could thank the wind for that, it had blown continuously from the north these last few days, but Haldir knew their luck would change soon. He'd felt the wind shifting slightly. He could leave the travelers to face their fate, but something about the men in the group didn't seem right. With a flicker of his fingers, Haldir signaled to another elf and with an easy grace the elf lowered himself quickly to the ground, creeping silently to the edge of the forest. Even here, where the trees were thin and sparse the elves melted into the trees. Settling comfortably into the branches of the tree, Haldir adjusted the bow on his back and leaned back to wait. The remaining elves settled in for the night, while two headed north to track the Orc patrol. The light deepened to purple twilight as the Evening star rose in the clear sky, glittering darkly in a bed of velvet. Haldir's vision did not dim in the darkness and he watched closely as the men made camp and Rúmil moved closer to the group, his shadow blurring the trunk of the tree he crouched behind. The men's words were a distant murmur on the air and as Haldir observed carefully, the slim youth that led them rose to walk along the bank of the river. Haldir leaned forward as another one broke from the group to follow. Whistling almost soundlessly, Rúmil turned toward Haldir and with a brief wave, disappeared into the trees behind them. xxx Ananynse knelt along the bank to pull the helmet off from