Shipwreck By Fianna Leighton The harbor was a silver sheen, a mirror of the moonlight that flowed over the smooth expanse of sky above him. The shore sloped away from him, littered with numerous piles of debris, bits of wood and rope, sails torn and shapeless, the remains of the hull buried deep in the sand as if time had slipped past him, leaving him unaware for more than the few hours it had taken for the tides to wash them ashore. Pain ratcheted up his leg and hip as he shifted, draining him of will, leaving him breathing shallowly to ease the agony. Water lapped at his knees, while above him the stars winked, their brilliance marred by the haze that seemed to cover his eyes. He lifted a hand, it felt far too heavy, to brush away the cobwebs marring his vision. Blood covered his fingers as he pulled them away. He remembered nothing of the wreck. Remembering little else, he lay back, exhausted in the sand. Where had he been bound? Had there been others with him? Had they survived or had the sea taken them to a final resting place? Would the Vala protect them, or were they truly lost? The water was cool against his legs, his feet shifting in the movement of the waves on the shore. How long had he lain here? Too long - he should move, force himself to sit up, to get moving, find help. Instead, he remained still, gazing at the sky above him. The moon hung low over the water, mirrored on the flat surface below it. It lay large and brilliant against the purple sky behind it, his hand could hardly encompass it. He should have felt comfort from the sight, but did not, his mind a bleary confusion, thoughts too muddled to make out, memories hidden behind a veil he could not push aside. It was easier to lie still and let the tides take him as they would. "The Gods have left you for dead," a voice whispered from beside him. "I should not be surprised, for those who leave these lands as you do are selfish and uncaring." He blinked, the words spoken in anger settled uncomfortably in his mind. He turned his head, wincing at the pain to look at the speaker. It was a woman. Human and small in stature, she crouched on one knee dressed as a man might, in breeches, a tunic torn and stained, leaning heavily on a withered carved staff. He blinked again, surprised by the severity in her gaze, the anger. "You should be happy then," he rasped, his throat sore from the salt, lips cracked. She leaned closer, enough that he could see a sharp line that crossed from her jaw to her ear. A blade had narrowly missed taking her head. She frowned but reached out to press her fingers to his neck. "Aye, I should be," she muttered. He closed his eyes, too weary to study her further. He felt her fingers flutter over his skin, moving briskly to ascertain his injuries. His skin pebbled beneath her touch, goose bumps sent a chill down his spine the water had not. She stabbed the staff into the sand near his head, close enough he flinched. Then to his surprise, she caught him under the arms and dragged him free of the water, grunting at the effort. She pulled off his boot, which took several tries, the leather wet, his foot swollen from his injury. He gritted his teeth at the pain, fists sunk deep into the sand. Whether she noted it or not she did not say. She tossed the boot aside and then removed the other, easier than the first, if still not easy. He would have smiled at her efforts had he not been in such pain. His eyes flew open when her fingers moved up his thigh. He caught her wrist when she drew a knife from her waist. "Are you going to finish me off now?" She stared into his eyes fearlessly, ignoring the grip he had on her arm. Her eyes were brown, nondescript, dull almost, yet something glinted there, something he was not sure he liked. "Would you prefer to end it squirming in agony as the gangrene eats you from inside out or would you like some relief, perhaps to die at least in some dignity?" Her smile made him uncomfortable, her description of his death far too accurate. The thought of it was unpleasant yet not unwanted. What did he have left to live for? It was a death either way, he thought morosely, but could not help but curl a lip at her blunt response. "You offer me dignity when I sense you could care less." She sniffed, jerking her hand free of his grasp. "I care more than your kind does." He closed his eyes, surrendering to her devices as she wielded her knife, cutting away most of the fabric covering his thigh. "I am sorry. You must leave me to my fate." His memory eluded him, left him floundering in despair. Who had he lost? What had he lost? He felt inconsolable at the lack of knowing. She grunted and pressed her fingers painfully into his skin. "I am," she answered, her tone one of disgust. What had happened that she harbored such resentment against him? He clenched his teeth when her prodding touched on broken bone, all questions suddenly unimportant. He felt her withdraw, heard her footsteps cross the sand a few feet and then return. Then he stiffened as someone else approached, fingers itching to draw a weapon he no longer had. "What have you found?" "What does it look like?" The woman returned to his side, crouching beside him with her knee pressed against his thigh. He kept his eyes closed, fingers buried in the sand beneath him. He could do nothing but listen, aware of the faint sense of self-preservation that no longer allowed him thoughts of death. At least not then. "He looks bad. You should leave him. You waste your strength on an elf." She answered brusquely. "I can't and you know it." Her companion sighed loudly. He knelt close by, his voice lowered as he offered reasons for the woman's anger. "They leave us by the boatfuls, while we are left with the dregs of Sauron's rule, to pain and death." The man was harsh, anger lacing his words as much as it had hers, coloring it to such a degree it made the man hoarse. "They leave as they must," she chided, although she'd only recently said much the same. "There are few survivors of the shipwrecks. He is the first one I have found this week." "All the more to leave him, Celyn. He will do us no good." A resigned snort followed. A pair of hands gripped him again by the shoulders, their strength surprising. "I say you waste your time. The poison has set into his blood, I can see it clearly." Nevertheless, the hands lifted him, while another set caught hold of ankles to carry him up off the sand to some kind of vehicle. A blanket was pushed under his head, another covered him from chest to hip. Fingers gripped his thigh tightly sending pain rushing into his head. He did not scream although he wanted to. He had no idea what she did, aware only of the pain, the haze sending him into a desperate kind of reverie, aware vaguely of hands that held him down, of a sharp pinprick of agony in his thigh, then little more. When he woke finally, lumbering from a darkness that threatened to consume him, the light was bright, forcing him to squint to see. He lay in a small room, the walls whitewashed, adorned with little more than the paint used to brighten the space. A rough wooden door led out, and the window letting in the light, sat open, the shutters pushed wide. A cool breeze wafted inside, filled with the smell of the sea, of fish and salt, of sunlight. He turned his head slowly; lips dry to find a small cup sitting beside him. Water had beaded on the sides, the droplets reflecting the sunlight in a rainbow of color. He blinked, surprised that he could see it, his vision no longer hazy. He pushed himself up from the bed with arms that were far too shaky, struggling to sit up. Dizziness assailed him, but he refused to lie back. Forcing the nausea down, he noted his leg was stiff and unyielding, bound to a flat board from ankle to thigh, yet it did not pain him near as much as it had. He ran his hand along his thigh, found the neatly stitched seam that ran from his hip to his knee. He wiggled his toes to prove that he could and sighed in relief. Broken only then, it would heal in time. It took a minute to realize he wore little beneath the thin coverlet covering him. The door opened a moment later and he lifted his gaze warily, vulnerable yet unwilling to show it. Celyn stopped abruptly in the doorway. The tray trembled in her hands suddenly, the soup on it threatening to overflow at the sudden movement. She hadn't expected him to be awake, hadn't expected to find him sitting up with the light from the window haloing his hair, surrounding him with light. Or maybe perhaps it was his own aura, the elves she had heard had such an illumination sometimes, a magic humans like she did not possess. The thought set her jaw, pushing her forward as he stared at her guardedly, hair falling over one eye, his hands hidden beneath the coverlet. He was still bruised, his fair skin mottled with purple and yellow, ribs heaving with the effort to breathe. Still in pain then, she decided, setting the tray beside the water cup. It was still full proving he had not taken any. Fool to resist healing. She took the cup, aware of the keen gaze that watched her intently and held it out to him. "Drink, you've had little enough." His eyes were striking, dark grey, surrounded by lashes that were startlingly dark in such a fair complexion. They shifted to the cup and then back to her. She shook the cup gently, sloshing the water over the side. "It is just water." He took the cup gingerly, his fingers long and elegant. He sipped the water, trying unsuccessfully to control the tremor that made the cup tremble, the water to slide down his chin. Celyn grunted at the sight, leaning closer to wipe his chin even as he stared at her in surprise. He was not so different as she might have imagined, the tales of the elves blown far out of proportion in her mind. His ears were indeed pointed, peeking out from beneath his hair, yet he seemed normal enough, with a faint hint of male shadow at the jaw, lips clamped tight as any of her patients might have done. He handed her the water, without speaking, allowed her to adjust the pillow behind him to a better position and then push him backwards against it. He complied, shifting slightly with a grimace of pain. "You aren't completely healed," Celyn explained, moving back to gain a breath, annoyed to find she had been holding it. "I did what I could. You did as much as I, sleeping like your kind does. You've healed the wound on your thigh faster than is right, but I won't ask how." Celyn sniffed irritably. She didn't need to know more about the elves, didn't need to find him so fascinating. She picked up the tray to set it on his lap, avoiding his gaze. He seemed similarly inclined, his expression masking any emotion. They were cold, it was said, with little