Title & Chapter Number: Mairen - Chapter OneAuthor: Fianna (Barrylyn@voyager.net) Fandom: Haldir/ LOTR Disclaimer: These characters have been created by JRR Tolkien and I use them without permission but only for the express intent of expanding on a universe I have come to cherish, and only to share with fellow fans his world. No monetary gains will be taken by the following stories. Warnings: Rated R/ warning. Helm's Deep episodes- but Haldir LIVES! Betas: Julie / Jen and Char especially for horse info. thank YOU!! Cast: Haldir and OC/ all Lorien elves, Rohirrim . Timeline: AU/ during and after the time of Helms Deep Summary: An off shoot story regarding Haldir and the Rhohirran people, tie in to movie and books.Haldir meets a young Rohirrim warrior who saves his life. twice. Notes: The story runs along the lines brought to us by both Tolkien and Peter Jackson.. I have borrowed on events from the book as well as the alternate version told by Peter. hopefully it will all mesh as I hope.Thank you to all who read my stories. it inspires me to write more. and more.. and more. MAIREN Chapter One: Bait The plains of Rohan stretched out across the southern reaches of Middle Earth. Rolling hills of rocky grass-covered knolls joined mountains of sheer granite reaching upward toward the heavens. It was a place of hardness and strength, a land held for centuries by the people of Rohan. Brave, stalwart, and loyal to their king, these riders of the Riddermark were born horsemen, taking to the saddle at an age when most children still played at their mother's side. With a fierceness respected throughout Arda, they guarded the borders of their lands from the pervasive darkness that crept relentlessly toward them. Few dared to breach these borders, and those who did traversed the plains with care. The Rohirrim riders could overcome the fiercest band of Orcs, decimating them with lances thrown with a deadly accuracy or crushing them beneath hooves trained to kill. But on this day, there were two sets of outsiders, each in a contest for survival with each other. The first group to cross into the plain traveled quickly and on foot, leather armor creaking with the clumsy but swift movement of creatures created from shadows. They were Orcs, bearing away south from the devastation they had wrought, their trail of destruction and death reaching far behind them to the north. Uncaring, they ran in good humor, ignoring the inherent threat that came with crossing the Rohan border. They had a meeting ahead, with more of their kind, drawing the unsuspecting followers into a trap that was set to destroy. Bait and hook. The second group, the Elves following the trail of the Orcs, were well aware that they might be heading into an ambush. They ran smoothly, their long legs eating the distance, running as the Orcs did, without rest. Anger and hatred fueled their pace, emotions that were controlled, but vivid in their minds. The despised shadow creatures had waylaid a group of L贸rien elves returning from a visit to Rivendell, killing all five in the troupe. The Orcs had then cut through the border patrol, leaving only ashes in their wake to tell the tale of horror. But the traces left by the Orcs had been read by the elves sifting through the dust and debris, and they had risen, filled with rage and the desire for vengeance. The wardens of the Golden Wood had set out, intent on tracking their quarry, but the one who led the five elves had one concern foremost in his mind. Were they following or being led? And if they were being led, how to defeat the enemy? The concern troubled Haldir of L贸rien as he ran, leading his wardens deep into the lands of the Riders of the Mark. That they could defend themselves he was confident, if met squarely in battle. Six elves could defeat a multitude of Orcs, but it was the knowledge that the Orcs knew this land better than he did that caused him unease. Orcs were stupid creatures, but these were led by one who did not travel among them. Whoever he was, his leadership was cunning, and it was this leader who made Haldir continuously scan the land around him. Was he leading his band of elves into certain death? Still, this menace to Lothl贸rien's borders must be dealt with, and swiftly. How many more of his people would be lost to the shadow? The Orcs must be stopped. They had no choice. *~* Mairen heard the faint sounds of battle in the distance, and sharply pulled back the head of her horse, an unusual action for a Rohirrim warrior. Her years of horse-handling notwithstanding, the suddenness of the action surprised her horse. intent as she was on following the other thirty horses ahead of her. She spun Epona around abruptly; as rear guard, Mairen knew she must investigate quickly. She whistled to alert the band of horsemen ahead of her of her delay, then tightened her knees around the horse and urged Epona forward, riding swiftly back along the ridge line, keeping just below the top of the hill. Pulling up, she slid off the horse to see what was happening, carefully hiding behind a large outcropping of rock. It had been the sound of arrows she had heard, that peculiar whistle they made as they split the air, her keen sense of hearing somehow telling her that something about this battle was not right. She now knew why. Below her in the rocky chasm was a lone elf, barely able to stand among the boulders. His bow lay a few feet from him, amid the gore-stained bodies of at least thirty Orcs. Wounded gravely, he was still desperately fighting, his blade slowing from what must once have been a deadly swing. How he was still alive and able to fight was beyond her. The thought mattered not as she remounted Epona and thundered back along the ridge, her piercing whistle bringing the Rohirrim cavalry back around in her direction. Willem, her brother, would follow her lead and ask questions later. They swept over the ridge, horses leaping the drop easily, taking out Orcs as the hooves hit the rocky ground in a bone-crushing shudder only to leap away again. Orcs were carrion and any chance to destroy them was welcome. Mairen pulled her lance from its holder, spinning the long wooden staff over her head and tucking it under her arm. This time she would not throw it but held it ready, advancing on the Orc who had just leaped toward the elf. The elf staggered and fell back onto the large rock behind him, his sword raised in defense. The Orc above him grinned in anticipation of his killing blow, only to find himself impaled on the long Rohirrim lance an instant later. The Orc flew back from the force of the blow, landing several yards away, his eyes already glazed with death. Mairen leaped from her horse, pulling the long sword attached to her saddle free, and crouched next to the elf. Her defense was unnecessary as the horseman were easily decimating the remaining Orcs, annihilating the hated creatures under lance and hoof. Aware of his deliverance, the elf had allowed himself to collapse, sprawled on the hard stone, his wounds bleeding profusely. She knelt next to him, her hands swiftly running over his injuries, knowing there was not much she could do. She looked up when Willem rode over. "Dead?" he asked. "Nay, alive but barely." Dismounting quickly, Willem felt for the elf's pulse and shook his head in amazement. "I do not know how he can be alive!" He glanced around at the riders milling about. "Mairen, we have no time to take him with us, our journey is delayed already. He is too weak to be taken on horseback at the speed we must travel." He reached into the pack on his horse and pulled out a leather bag from which he drew a length of cloth. He wrapped it tightly around the elf's thigh, and the cloth turned quickly red, but Mairen thought the flow of blood seemed to slow. She frowned, knowing they could not leave him here to die. A warrior was never left to die alone. Elf or no, they needed to get him somewhere where he could be given proper aid. Worried, she glanced at her brother and saw that his face was grim as he finished tightening the bandage on the elf's leg. "His injuries are appalling," he said. "I do not know if we can get him help in time. We have no skills to heal him. But perhaps an elf is stronger than we know and can survive such wounds. We must take him back to his people." Mairen nodded in agreement, her eyes fixed on the elf's face. "You are the best one to return him, Mairen." Willem said gruffly. "I dare not send another, we are already too few. I would not lose you if I knew another way. The road will be dangerous." Looking at the elf, Mairen could see that his clothing, even amid the blood and gore, was a deep gray green, almost brown against the rock. A long multi-hued green cloak lay twisted behind him, but it was the fan of long silver-blond hair that told her where she must go. "Lothl贸rien?" Willem scowled, for it would send her back the way they had just come. "Aye, a full days' ride." He gripped her shoulder tightly, his eyes narrowing with his frustration and concern. "You will have to ride slowly." Mairen nodded again and rose, whistling for her horse. The roan shook her head, trotting quickly to the side of the rock, and Mairen mounted, bracing her knees against Epona's flanks. Willem lifted the elf, laying him gently on her lap, facedown across her saddle. Her thighs would cushion him somewhat from the saddle, but she knew if he had been awake the ride would have been very uncomfortable. Thank the Valar he was not. "I will meet you as soon as I am able." She gripped the reins, placing a hand on the elf's back more to reassure herself that he was alive than to steady him. Willem gathered the elf's sword and quiver and tied them onto the back of her horse's saddle. "You will not reach Edoras alone. Follow the river and we will meet you. If I do not see you in a week, I will assume you are dead." The seriousness of his words were softened by the twinkle in his eyes. Mairen gripped Willem's shoulder, pulling her brother closer as his blue eyes laughed into hers. "Not amusing, do not make light of this. I will meet as soon as I am able. I would not go if I had any choice." Willem kissed her hand. "I know, Mairen. Ride carefully and quickly, and be cautious of the elves. I think you will gain entry easily enough, but do not linger. Just leave him. They will find him soon enough." Willem pulled her down so he whisper in her ear, "Be careful, their magic is powerful." *~* Mairen hummed an old march tune beneath her breath, her eyes scanning the horizon. Epona picked her way carefully through the maze of rocks, seeming to understand Mairen's concerns regarding the silver-haired elf draped over her lap. He remained motionless, although a few times she had felt him tense, then relax. At least she knew he still lived. They plodded on, leaving the rocky hills far behind. She rested her hand on the elf's back, feeling the strength in the muscles below her palm. "I am sorry, elf, for your uncomfortable ride, but I fear I have not the strength to hold you seated." She glanced down at him, knowing in this state he was