Title:A Journey Unplanned Author: Fianna Rating: PG Beta: Julie Disclaimer: I write for my own pleasure and do not claim any copyright or ownership nor do I have intent to make financial gain. All original concepts and characters are from my mind and remain my property. xxx I was suddenly nearly defenseless as my sword skittered across the rocky ground and I scrambled back to my feet, panting, to face the towering orc in front of me. Left with only a small dagger I had to sidestep past the orc's lunging stab, twisting to roll around the creature in an attempt to get closer to the sword lying only a few feet away. But the orc was not as stupid as I hoped and it leaped backwards, kicking my weapon out of reach. I groaned as I watched the sword teeter precariously on the edge of the cliff and then it was gone, bouncing with a metallic clamor on the rocks below. I put it out of my mind to resume my defense. I didn't know how long I could hold out. I was able to get close a few times to gash the orc's sword arm so that blood welled from several deep gashes. But the creature ignored them as I ignored the many cuts I already had and leaped for me once again. I was prepared this time and flipped backwards to slam the orc in the chin with my feet. My blow knocked him back a few steps, enough to give me room to spin and face him again. He staggered and I quickly thrust my dagger deep into his side. The orc stumbled against me, cursing something I was sure I didn't want to understand. I staggered into a crouch, holding my dagger ready as the orc shoved me away, straightening before me with such fury I could not deny that fear curdled in the pit of my stomach. I could not fight him for much longer, certain that the orc would soon have companions who would more than likely tear me limb from limb. Not the way I had intended to go. But my hopes for avoiding that end were getting slim. I twisted around another thrust from the orc, feeling the blade slice along the vest on my back. Too close for comfort as I ducked the return swing, whirling around to leap over the low stab the orc tried next, spinning once more to slash at the orc's sword arm again. I was rewarded with yet another large gash that bled profusely but also enraged the creature. I didn't know what was worse, the ineffectiveness of my dagger, or the rage I was generating. I could only hope he would make a mistake. I tried to keep that thought in my mind as the orc thrust again and its blade slid into my shoulder. Agony shot through my arm and I shifted awkwardly to block the next thrust. I grew weaker quickly, sensing the poison that was flooding into my veins with every heartbeat. I stumbled, weakened by the fire rushing through me, so much pain that I dropped to my knees and wrapped my arms around me to hold it in. I watched hopelessly as the orc smiled, seeing me an easy kill but then he stiffened in surprise, gave me one last confused look and then dropped to the ground dead. I was engulfed in darkness as the poison swept through me. I heard voices, but muffled as if my ears were stuffed with cloth. Only the sound seemed to penetrate as hands touched me, moving across my body swiftly. The darkness grew deeper and the voices faint. I knew that my life was soon to be over. I was surprised to wake up in bed. The bed was unfamiliar. I lay still and slowly opened my eyes. The light was dim, the sunlight diffused by long sheer curtains that draped the windows. Outside the tall openings I could see the shapes of branches through the fabric and hear the rustling leaves in the breeze that fluttered the draperies. Above me the ceiling of the room was arched over my bed in a span that had several glass filled openings and through them I could see more leaves and branches. I lifted a hand and rubbed the sleep from my eyes. I sat up gingerly, feeling a deep tug of pain in my arm, and looked down to see my shoulder bandaged neatly. I could tell the many cuts I'd had were still healing, and felt the wrappings of more bandages on my legs and then to my sudden embarrassment, my chest. Who had aided me? I tried to remember their voices. But I had been in so much pain I could not remember much more than the sounds, deep melodious tones that had soothed me. I jerked my gaze around the room, noting the room's embellishments were all designs that seemed to come from nature. It was hard to tell what was living and what was not. Only one race used such designs so extensively, although I had had little chance to view such beautiful cities. Elves. I had been saved by elves. The thought sent blood rushing to my head and I lay back against the pillows with a gasp. Why? The elves were not an overly friendly race. It was rare to see them outside of their realms. They traded little and did not extend personal invitations to humans to visit their cities. I could name a rare few that even could say they'd visited even one elvish city, and for the most part that had been in the realm of Elrond of Rivendell. Half elf, he seemed to accept the occasional visitor to his city in the mountains more easily than the others, but I had never been there. And I doubted I'd been unconscious for weeks to give the elves time to take me to Rivendell. My wounds and bandages told me it had been only a day maybe two. So where was I? I had only to look out the window, instinctively knowing the answer. Lothlórien! The answer made me tremble. Of all the elvish realms to find myself in, Lórien was by far the most inhospitable. Known to be mysterious and impenetrable, the Lady who ruled there was thought to be a witch with power untold. Rumors, I knew, but rumors usually had their roots in truth. Lothlórien did not welcome visitors, so why had they brought me here? I didn't know and could not fathom why the elves had saved me. I was no value to them. It would have been better for all to let me die with the orc poison in my blood. "Your thoughts are dark." I flinched at the melodic voice and turned slowly toward the door, sliding down beneath my blankets. The elf leaned against the doorway, tall with broad shoulders. I stared boldly. He was backlit by the sunlight outside and his face was hidden from me. It took me a moment to realize he'd spoken in the common tongue. I was surprised he spoke it as well as I did. "Is reading minds a common talent among the elves?" I asked a bit defensively. Knowing what my thoughts had been, and wondering if he really knew them made me very uncomfortable. The elf moved inside the room and the shadows hiding his features fled. I knew my eyes widened as I took in his face. He was not smiling; his expression gave me no clue what he was thinking. Only his brows rose, and then he shook his head. "Nay, your expression reveals your thoughts." I knew I had a very open face, and had tried unsuccessfully for years to change that circumstance. I bit my lip and curled my legs up under the thin blanket covering them so I could wrap my arms around my knees and hide my face from his curious gaze. "Why am I here?" I asked, watching him from the corner of my eye. He leaned against the wall with his arms folded over the broad chest I had noticed before. Of course I could not help but admire it again, as well as the shapely hands that rested on his arms. Long fingers well suited to a bow and sword. I dragged my gaze from his hands to his face, blushing when he lifted a dark brow again. "You were lucky to survive the poison." His frown suggested that he was not pleased with . . . me? "I have you to thank for that. Why? You have not yet answered my question." I felt it only fair that they explain what they intended. I had heard that those that entered the Golden Wood did not leave. So why save me only to kill me? It didn't make sense. "I very well could not leave you to die. The poison is deadly but we caught it in time. I recommend you do not try to stand." I rested my forehead on my knees, not so much because I was tired, but to avoid the steely gaze that was studying me so intensely. I had not felt a gaze that mesmerizing since I had met a ranger a few years back. The man had given me chills, yet I had felt something that told me he was of noble character. This elf had the same quality; perhaps in the way he carried himself, the confidence in his stance. I lifted my head, knowing I had to thank him, but the words for some reason were an effort to get out. "I am in your debt. I did not think to see another day." "The others of your group did not fare so well." The elf spoke so softly I barely heard him but it was enough that I had to look away. I had already known they were gone; most had perished before I was injured. "You could save no others?" "We barely saved you," he replied brusquely, as if the effort displeased him. I couldn't read his expression; his face was like a rock, his eyes twin shards of granite. The intensity of his gaze sent chills down my spine. His eyes were grey, like a storm in the spring, dark and light at the same time. I shivered and glanced away. I could not think of anything else to say. What was there? What did they intend? "Well, again I am in your debt, but I don't know why you bothered." I was getting very tired and feeling a bit hopeless. My friends were dead. I was injured and traveling on a journey unplanned into a realm of creatures that did not like humans. And I was alone in a room with a chilly elf who made my blood run hot. I didn't expect to find him so close when I looked up again. He was next to the bed, in the act of leaning on it, with those grey eyes suddenly curious, and I reacted violently. I flinched and scrambled to the side of the bed away from him, drawing the sheet around me. He paused, his hands resting on the bed while he looked at me quizzically. "Why are you frightened?" I cleared my throat, trying to ignore the goose bumps that had risen on my arms. "I am not frightened," I lied. "I just didn't expect you to be so close." That was the truth at least; he had moved so silently I had not felt him or sensed his presence at all. He straightened and looked down at me. A tiny curve flickered at the corner of his mouth and I suddenly got the impression I had amused him. The thought did little to settle my nerves, for I still did not know what he intended. "You must rest. We mean you no harm. Soon