Title: Lillah's Story Author: Fianna Leighton Rating: R Disclaimer: All elves of LOTR belong to the estate of JRR Tolkien and are used with respect and deep appreciation. LILLAH'S STORY CHAPTER ONE: The depths of pain. The horse's steady plodding gait should have been soothing instead of mind-numbingly painful. Soothing, had not the arrow shaft lodged between two ribs jolted with each step, sending white hot flashes of pain into her brain. The pain made her shudder with each step of the horse, a sweeping flood of pure agony. It wasn't the horse's fault. Lillah could not have found harsh words for the animal had she the energy. Loyal and faithful, he had plodded on unerringly, without direction some days, following the road before it with step after painful step. Did the horse understand the pain she was in? She considered briefly that he did, or else why would he be so gentle. He was trained in war, yet with her on his back, the horse had been as tame as an old nag. Then the horse had always liked her, amazing her husband many times. The memory of her husband sent a new wave of pain through her, straight into her heart, choking her with an iron band of grief. Those pains brought more pain, too fresh to bear, yet too fresh to put out of her mind. Mind-numbing? She was far too clear on what had transpired just days ago. Had it only been that long? It seemed like years, the pain never-ending. She shifted in a vain attempt to ease the wooden shaft caught so tightly in her side. The war was over! Husband and brother had come home in victory only to die at the hands of an enemy thought to be defeated. She caught the sob as it rose to her lips, unwilling to let loose the torrent waiting to be unleashed. She knew she would not stop if those sobs escaped; her heart would be torn asunder if the grief was allowed free. No, she had to be strong. She was a rod, an iron rod—unbending and stiff. She weaved slightly off balance, only to jerk upright as agony shot from her ribs. A rod. She gripped the pommel of her saddle, legs dangling from the stirrups, unable to find the strength to lift her feet. A rod . . . How many steps was it now? How long ago had she unconsciously begun to count them? Forty three thousand and seventy . . . two . . . no three. She closed her eyes, but opened them quickly when she tilted to the left. A steel rod, she reminded herself. Ahead, the road had become clogged with refugees. Did they flee the danger? Or had they lost everything too, finding that the only road left was one of darkness and grief? The huge mountain that was a city filled the horizon, seven levels built into the face of the sheer granite. Seven levels of white stone, walls curved elegantly, rising with as much grandeur as the mountain that embraced it. Minas Tirith. Lillah blinked slowly. How long had it been in sight? Once tiny as she crested the low hills, when had it moved down and over the plain until it loomed high over her head? She realized with a barely suppressed groan that her horse had stopped. She lifted her head to see why, the arm pressed tight against her stomach wet with slowly oozing blood, hidden by the folds of her cloak. People packed the roadway, bedraggled and grim, almost silent in their misery. Many carried small children crying at their sides. Her bleary gaze took in few wagons or horses, only a slowing moving hoard hoping to gain entrance into the city. So many that the gates were barred, allowing only a few inside at a time. She didn't have time to wait to enter. The days of slow plodding had taken their toll, the blood lost weakening her until she could hardly sit, her side a burning ember waiting to burst into flame. But she was an iron rod; there was no pain, no weariness, and no grief. Steel felt nothing, nothing at all. The King of Gondor stood beside Haldir looking resplendent in a black tunic with the white tree emblazoned on his chest, green eyes calm as he watched the influx of people crowding through the lowest gate of his city. Elessar, Aragorn to most, bent his head to acknowledge yet another grim refugee, welcoming each and every one of the people wearily trudging before him with a heartfelt grip to a shoulder or a touch to a child's head. How the man could keep it up confounded Haldir. So many refugees . . . how many did the man think he could support? Already the city was near to overflowing, with the visiting dignitaries for his coronation still in attendance, the elven community still encamped on the wide plain beneath the city. And this--a never-ending mob of downtrodden and weary. Moreover, here the new king sat, day after day, watching the incursion of needy folk. As if reading Haldir's thoughts, Aragorn glanced his way with a grimace. "I cannot turn them away, Haldir." "Indeed you cannot. But how you will find them all food, clothing and shelter before the snows pile upon the plain, I do not know." Haldir folded his arms over his chest, staring past the flood of humanity in front of him. "So many!" he complained. "You would not know the war is over." Legolas turned his head toward them, his blue eyes glimmering with compassion. "For many the war is not over. Even now, those orcs that were not destroyed play upon the unwary. Word of peace has spread, but too many forget that there is yet an enemy." The young prince grunted in despair. "Too many still die." Sighing, Aragorn nodded in agreement. "Only too true, my friend. It is yet another reason why I cannot turn them away. I will find a way." Haldir could understand, yet the king was mortal, even if he did possess the blood of Númenor. "You may find clothing and food," he pointed out, "yet you cannot heal each one. You push yourself too far, Aragorn. Arwen will find her new husband too tired for what she wishes." Aragorn flashed him a rueful smile. "Did I not know better, I would think you had been in my room last night, Haldir. But again, what can I do? I can make them well. I must do what I can." Haldir reached out, gripping Aragorn's shoulder. "You do what you can, yes. Yet you must also remember that you are the King." Legolas swept out his lean hand, encompassing the refugees moving past them. "Indeed, had you the strength you could heal perhaps five or ten, but more than that will weaken you. Already you've been to the healing houses this morning, probably five of them at least. And here you sit, watching more press in. You should go back to your gardens. Allow them to enter, but do not sit and watch." With a faint smile, Aragorn shook his head. "Good advice. A king should listen to such good advice." Legolas sighed. "Should, but does not." Haldir heard them distantly. His gaze had traveled amid the refugees as they spoke, picking out the ill and the injured unerringly. The gates had only one panel open, warded intently by guards asking information before stepping aside to direct the flow of humanity into the city. Some entered dejectedly, uncaring that they arrived while others walked in with faces wreathed in hope. Many stumbled in awe and anticipation upon seeing the elves and Aragorn, unmistakably the King with the fluted crown sitting upon his head. Some gathered what little they had and hurried distractedly past, their minds already set upon their path. And some were turned away before entering the gates, left to gather in the wide field of low tents just below the city, a league from the glittering silk tents of the elves. He could see the road from where he stood, the hard dirt packed by thousands of feet, the air gritty from the dust. A steady stream marched down that path, wider than five horses abreast, packed from edge to edge with people. Had there been more horses amid the throng, he might not have noticed her, but few horses or wagons were found among the refugees, so a tall dappled gelding slowly plodding amidst the wealth of bodies drew his attention. His hand reached out to touch Aragorn's shoulder as the woman astride the horse stiffened, hands fluttering to catch the pommel of her saddle before she fell, adjusting herself with a jerk that he could see brought her pain. A lot of pain, plain for anyone to see, yet she was ignored, the throng moving around the now still horse. Haldir was moving before he even realized it, mocking his own admonition from just moments ago to leave them be. The crowd parted for him, or perhaps more so for Aragorn who matched his stride, or perhaps, because of Legolas and him. The elves always drew people's attention, often stopping to stare in amazement. One would think they had never seen an elf before. He reached the woman first, with Legolas a step behind to gather the reins she had dropped, although the horse did not seem to need them. Aragorn moved to one side, reaching up to grasp her knee. Haldir moved to her other side, drawn forward by the glimpse of the sword tucked neatly beneath the saddle girth. The woman's gasp made him look up as she reeled backwards. "Are you injured . . ." Aragorn began. The woman's eyes widened, perhaps in recognition. Haldir, however, sensed she was no more aware of them than the horse beneath her as her eyes rolled back in her head. He caught her gently as she fell to the side, his hand sliding around her waist to grip her tightly. He dragged her off the horse and laid her on the grassy area at the side of the road. A red stain coated his hand. He stared at it for brief moment in concern before cursing in Elvish, standing quickly to push the staring onlookers back. "She is bleeding, Aragorn." He was thankful that Aragorn did not make a jest about their previous conversation as the King knelt beside her. Legolas held the horse's bridle, eyes curious if calm. He'd seen this all too often. Haldir knelt back down beside her, drawing aside the sodden cloak that had hidden her injuries. "An orc shaft for certain. One of those unwary souls who thought there was no danger?" Aragorn ran his hands over the prone form of the woman. "It is the only injury I can sense, but I cannot help her here. You must ride with her into the city. Legolas and I will catch up." Haldir clenched his teeth. Aragorn's habit of requiring his aid had resulted in painful consequences. He caught the King's arm. "A long ride at the pace she needs, a painful one if not fatal at a faster one." Aragorn smiled grimly. "Perhaps, unless you intervene." Haldir's chin rose before he could prevent it. "Is that an order from the King?" Aragorn grinned openly. "Does it need to be?" Haldir leaped effortlessly into the saddle, bending back down to accept the woman Aragorn held up to him. "I will go as fast as I can. But do not take long to catch up; I do not know where you intend to take her." Aragorn nodded even as he turned away, striding back through the crowd. Haldir sighed, gently adjusting the woman so she lay in the curve of his arm. She was shuddering slightly, on the edge of consciousness, mumbling incoherently. He brushed his fingers over her brow,