This is going to generally be the one and only long author's note that I'm going to post. Going back now to my stories after being away for so long and reading those dreadful things makes me physically ill. But I digress. If this is your first time reading Mr Sun , welcome! If you are a returning reader, welcome back. I have a few things that I'd like to discuss before you read on, so please pay attention. Number one- my previous version of this story was...horrendous to say the least. Riddled with mistakes (all my own), with no regard of timeline to the actual story, I set out to revise it and I did- heavily . This is still the same story but a lot of things I deemed unnecessary I've cut out or changed drastically. Number two- my mission in revising this story was to make it as believable as possible as far as Twilight goes. That being said, there are some things that I had to fudge in order to achieve this. For example. We all know that Sam Uley was the first to phase into a wolf, and we know that he imprinted on Emily. We also know that Emily didnt accept the imprint at first, causing Sam to phase and attack her accidentally. Gathering information from the online wiki, and my own skills from the books and guideline provided by Ms Meyer, Emily and Sam were not engaged until an entire year after her attack, bringing us into New Moon. Now, we all know that Jared was the second to phase in the pack and that he did so not too long after Sam. So that by the time that New Moon rolls around, Sam and Jared (and Paul) have been wolves for quite some time. My fudging has a lot to do with this scenario. In reality, if Jared and Sam had been wolves for almost a year by the time New Moon rolls around, then Jared would have been imprinted on Kim for almost that whole time. I can't see him being in the same school, some of the same classes and not finding his imprint until months later. Keep this in mind when reading my story, and know that I am aware of what actual events took place...I'm just trying to make my own story :) If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to drop me a review. On my bio page, you can find my pinterest board. Previously I had a photobucket account where you could find all the things that have to do with this story. I decided to upgrade...besides, pinterest is a great website regardless, and I though it'd be more fun that way. Feel free to send me pins, too! The title is inspired by a King Grannis song. If you haven't heard of her, Youtube her...she's fantastic. This is ridiculously long. Sorry about that. Cause the winter saddened all the flowers And the oceans turned to gray And the sky cried down for days and days Mr. Sun, please don't go away There was never a time when I wasn't cold. I knew I was different from others when summer came around and so started cliff-diving season. Plans were made for every weekend. Camp out on the rocks, barbecues, hiking...Normal things. Instead of going out and making friends, I stayed inside under thick blankets while my twin brother did it all. I knew I was different when, as I got older, I received odd looks from my peers who stared at my obvious layers of clothing: my bulky hand-knitted sweaters, my thick tights, my big chunky scarves; the people who snickered at my wool gloves that I wore inside. I never changed for gym class. The ice ran through my veins like a bad habit and there was nothing I could do to stop it. The cold made a home in my bones, settling down deep. Despite the amount of sweaters, blistering showers and hot chocolate, I stayed shivering. Of course, it was worse in the fall and winter. Those months were the worst. Sometimes I felt as if I had the body of an elderly woman- my hands became so stiff I could hardly move my fingers, my joints ached and cracked. I walked with a hunch to make myself smaller, hoping that that would somehow make the cold not so...cold. I had been cold for as long as I could possibly remember. The cold made me sleepy. I slept on the car rides to school, even after ten hours the night before. I slept during my lunch break. I took two hour naps before my sisters got off the bus. Whenever I had free time, I was sleeping. My most embarrassing moment was when Dean found me slumped on the toilet, half conscious. He was banging on the door for a long time, but I remember being unable to get up to let him in. He busted down the door and found me there, blue lips, teeth chattering and the toilet bowl absolutely filled with blood. The closest hospital was in Forks and on the forty five minute drive there, I had a panic attack and bled all over his car. Once the nurses ruled that all the blood was from my extremely heavy period, they took a glance at my palms and diagnosed me with anemia before a doctor even walked in the room. In some ways, I was relieved. My entire lifestyle changed after that. I was put on a contraceptive to control my overactive menstrual cycle. They tried to drastically change my vegetarian diet but that I was stern about. Instead of adding meats and fish, I added protein shakes and more leafy greens. I was given vitamins to help bring my low iron to a normal standard and strict medicine to keep it that way. I was relieved because I felt better. Physically and mentally. But I was still cold. After a few weeks of feeling like this, I concluded that I would probably never be warm. I was still relieved now knowing that I most likely wouldn't be sick anymore, but I continued to layer and shiver. Winter lived in my bones. When I woke up, it was lazily. I yawned and stretched, listening to the sound of my joints cracking, my stomach growling in hunger. I settled back down into my blankets, content that it was actually warm in my bedroom for once. This didn't get to happen often. I didn't let my mind wander. It stayed in the confines of drifting sleep and focused solely on this bed. I didn't open my eyes as I rolled over, pulling the blankets tighter around me. It suddenly was very quiet. I could hear the leaky faucet in the bathroom, and the clinking of dishes in the kitchen. And then I realized. There was sunshine on the other side of my eyelids. I jumped out of bed. Or tried to at least because the blankets got twisted around my ankles and I crashed to the wooden floor with a loud thud. "Ow." I raised my head, blinking through the sunlight. The clock on my nightstand mocked me with its ticking, but being without glasses I was as blind as a mole. I grabbed them and shoved them on my face. It was already 7:30. "Shit!" I crawled my way over to my dresser and pulled it open. I hadn't ran this late in a long time. I wondered why my alarm never went off. I stripped quickly and pulled on the first thing my fingers touched over my head. I grabbed my bag off my desk and was out the door. Two of my three siblings were sitting at the kitchen table. Both of them froze when I entered, spoons full of sugary cereal halfway to their mouths. "Why didn't either of you wake me up?" I said. Maqahla, who was seven, shrugged her shoulders. "We thought you wanted to sleep in." "Yeah!" Raven, who was five, stuck out her tongue. Both of their clothes were wrinkled, like they had been taken from the dirty pile of laundry and their hair resembled a rats nest. I took my brush from my bag and began attacking Maqahla's head. "There is ten minutes left before the bus comes," I said. "Is your homework done?" "Yes." "Are your lunches packed?" Maqahla shook her head as I tried to pull her long silky hair into a ponytail. I started over. "Dean said you would before he left this morning." "Of course he did," I said. Their bus pulled up just as I finished zipping their lunchboxes shut. They ran out the door and down the porch steps, their untied shoelaces blowing behind them. I glanced at the clock as the bus pulled away. I had seventeen minutes before my first class started, and it took a half hour to walk on a good day. I shivered and bent my knees a little. Today was not a good day. Deciding that I was going to be late already, I took my time putting my boots on and finally looked in the mirror. My eyes looked tired though I felt as though I had gotten a good night's sleep. I changed my shirt since my first pick was too big. I locked the door on my way out, though if someone were to break in, it wouldn't do much anyway. My house was easily one of the oldest in La Push. It had been in my family for generations, since the tribe first settled here, but my mother didn't really take great care of it. The porch was missing a few slats of wood, the steps were busted and creaky. The roof was sagging on one side. From old photographs, it used to be beautiful. All the pictures are black and white, with family members whose names I didn't know, standing around it with a few stray chickens here and there. The only thing that was the same now were the chickens. Like most of La Push, we were poor. We didn't have the things that most people had- most people being whoever lived on a few miles from the reservation. Crossing the border line from Forks to La Push was similar to time-traveling. La Push was considered old fashioned to new and modern Forks, but somehow we all thrived and were happy here. Some of us. My life would be easier of course, if my house wasn't falling apart. Or if my twin brother knew how to communicate properly. Maybe if my mother would step-up out of the hole she was digging us in. If my anemia would magically disappear. More hours at work. These were all big things, big changes to my daily routine that would ensure my days would be easier. They weren't going to happen. Having accepted that, I'd come to realize it was the little things in life that kept me happy, such as seeing my sisters smile and play together without arguing for more than ten minutes. Getting good grades on assignments I worked particularly hard on. Receiving my paycheck at the end of every week. These were the things that kept me going. So I dealt with the fact that Dean was lazy, my mother wasn't ever home and I shivered as often as I blinked. Once I was on the dirt path that cut through the woods behind my house, I pulled my brush out of my bag again and pulled it through my hair, twisting it into a loose bun. I didn't grab a coat so I continued to shiver as I walked. My knees buckled a few times, and I almost fell. If Dean had waited for me, I could have been to school in five minutes. When I finally arrived at school, the halls were empty. Class had been in session for twenty minutes