YOUNGEST WEASLEY SON TO FINALLY MARRY LONGTIME GIRLFRIEND Yolanda Ingram, Daily Prophet Correspondant Ronald Weasley (42), youngest son of Molly and Arthur Weasley (Sacred 28) is set to marry his longtime girlfriend, Lavender Brown (42), in a private ceremony in the south of France this weekend. Ms. Brown is the newest divination teacher at Hogwarts, while Mr. Weasley works as a joint partner with his brother, George Weasley at their successful joke shop, Weasley' Wizard Wheezes. Ms. Brown and Mr. Weasley already have two children, twins Parker and Paisley (5). Mr. Weasley also brings with him two children from his previous marriage to Ms. Hermione Granger (43), Rose (18) and Hugo (16). Rumors have been swirling for weeks that the eldest children of Mr. Weasley would not be attending the nuptials of their father and Ms. Brown, but a spokesperson for the Weasley family has assured us here at The Daily Prophet that the entire Weasley family will be at the wedding. Of course, everyone remembers the tumultuous breakup between Mr. Weasley and Ms. Granger. Several inside sources at the Ministry of Magic registry office noted that despite their divorce proceeding being sealed to the public, it was Mr. Weasley's infidelity with Ms. Brown that lead to the dissolution of their marriage. We at The Daily Prophet reached out to Ms. Granger for comment on the pending marriage, and her barrister, Draco Malfoy, stated that, "Ms. Granger has no comment regarding the nuptials of her ex-husband and his fiancee. She wishes them nothing but the best of luck in their future, and asks that the privacy of herself and her children be respected at this time." Mutual best friend, Harry Potter, (42, Head Auror - Ministry of Magic), stated that he was happy for his friend, and also wished him the best. He is expected to be in attendance at the wedding with his wife, Ginevra (41, nee Weasley), and their three children James (19), Albus (17) and Lily (15). Full coverage of the wedding, guests, and details will be in this Sunday's edition of The Daily Prophet . "Tell me something, Granger." Hermione looked over at Draco Malfoy, the two of them sitting in his office on the north end of Diagon Alley with today's paper on the desk. "What would you like to know?" "Six years ago when you decided to divorce the Weasel -" "He has a name." "Whatever. Not the point," Draco said with a smirk. "Why did you pick me to be your lawyer?" Hermione shrugged. "I figured at first you'd piss off Ron the most. And…well, I wanted divorced and I wanted primary custody of the kids. I knew you'd make that happen for me." She scratched the back of her neck and sighed. "I'm just glad they're finally getting it over with, you know? Merlin only knows why it took them so long. Draco nodded in agreement. He picked up the newspaper and chucked it into the trashcan. "You'd have thought he'd would've married her the moment he knocked her up." "Except he wasn't divorced yet, so you know, there was that minor hiccup," Hermione said, irritation laced in her voice. "I'd like to think karma got him in the end thought. Those twins are tiny terrorists. Especially Paisley. Rose and Hugo say she's just a wretched little thing. According to Ginny, Parker is just a mini Ron. Horrible timing, horrible temper -" "Horrible everything," Draco added. Hermione nodded in agreement. She needed a change of subject on this Friday afternoon. Her kids were already off with Arthur and Molly, who were escorting them to the wedding this weekend. Rose and Hugo were incredibly put out at the fact that they not only had to attend the wedding, but be participants in the wedding ceremony. Hugo was Ron's best man, and Rose was the maid of honor. The two of them tried everything to get out of it, but it was useless. Hermione told them it was just a weekend, and then they wouldn't have to see their father the rest of the summer if that was their choice. Since they were over the age of 13, they were allowed to decide when they saw their father, thanks to the paperwork Draco drew up during the custody hearing. "How's Scorpius?" she asked Draco. "He's good," Draco replied. "Picked him up from the train this morning and he said he had errands to run. He has quidditch tryouts tonight and then he's heading down to the wedding tomorrow. I suspect Rose invited him." "She did," Hermione replied. "Remind me - which team is he trying out for again?" "Puddlemere United. I imagine he'll make the reserve team at minimum. What about Rose? She decide what she wants to do?" Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes"She starts Healer training in the fall," Hermione said with a smile. "It'll be hard work - but rewarding I'm sure." Draco nodded in agreement. "Considering she's been pretending to be a healer since she was little, this was most certainly predictable." He packed up his bag and set it on his desk. "What are you plans this evening?" She shrugged. "A book and a bottle of wine, I imagine." "The whole bottle?" "Kids are gone - house is empty - so I imagine a good portion of it will be consumed, yes," Hermione said with a half laugh. Draco shook his head. "What about food, Granger?" "Leftovers," Hermione replied. "I baked a casserole earlier this week." "Come to dinner with me," Draco replied. She frowned. "I have no desire to be out in public this weekend." "Who says we have to stay in the wizarding world?" he countered. Hermione's face remained unimpressed. She really did just want to go home, put on her comfy pajamas, and curl up on the couch. These past few months leading up to the wedding of her ex and his new wife, with his new family, was exhausting. By no means did she want her ex-husband back. But she would be lying if she said she wasn't still resentful about how her marriage ended - especially considering that she had managed to be in the papers more often than not since her divorce. They followed her every move and she found it incredibly intrusive. "Come on," Draco needled. "I really just want to go home." "You really need to do something other than sit at home and wallow." "I will not be wallowing," Hermione snapped. "I have never wallowed." Draco rolled his eyes. "Fine. Sit at home like an old maid." "Are you trying to piss me off?" "No. It's just my natural disposition." Hermione didn't even bother trying to stifle her snort. Draco moved his bag to the floor so there was nothing obstructing his view as he looked at her. "Look. I remember when Astoria remarried. And even though I was ecstatic when we finally divorced - knowing she was able to find a husband that made her happier than I made her still stung a bit." "At least you two were able to still be friends." "Yes. We were able to find a way back to being friends," Draco stated. "We did that for our son." "I'm impressed when Ron and I can just be civil," Hermione confessed. "I didn't…I never wanted to hate him. He was my best friend." "I don't think you hate him, Hermione," Draco said quietly, using her first name in the most sincerest of ways. "I think you're disappointed in him. Your disappointment in people is far worse than hate." Hermione sighed. "You're probably right." She looked down at her freshly manicured fingernails, a treat she gave herself earlier in the week when she was out shopping in Muggle London, and rubbed the pad of one thumb over the smooth nail belonging to her other thumb. "When Astoria got married, what did you do?" "I went to my villa in Greece and took solace in the waves of the Mediterranean." Hermione shot him a wry smile. "If only everyone had a villa at their disposal." Draco stared at her, eyebrows wiggling slightly. She shook her head. "Absolutely not." "You know you want to." "Spend an entire weekend trapped with you?" she asked incredulously. "That sounds like a disaster waiting to happen." "It's a large house, Granger," Draco countered. "You could go the entire weekend without seeing me if you truly wanted." Hermione sighed. "Well then I'd just be rude." Draco smirked. "You know you want to say yes." "I want to wear pajamas and read all weekend." "You can still read all weekend," Draco argued. "Hell - I have a stack of books I've been meaning to read as well. Reading on the balcony, the waves crashing in the background - trust me. It's a great place to get lost in a book." Hermione couldn't believe she was actually considering the offer. The two of them over the years, even prior to her divorce, had become friends thanks to Scorpius and Rose. The two of them became fast friends when they were younger, playing in the Ministry daycare when Hermione and Astoria would drop them off in the morning before heading off to their respective offices. "I guess I could try to get some writing done there too," she mused. Grinning, Draco stood up from his chair and grabbed his bag, tossing the long strap over his shoulder. "Go home and pack, Granger. I'll be at your house in an hour." Rose laid in bed in her hotel room, her hair in one long, french braid as she was reading a book on advanced healing spells. Every so often, she glanced over at the clock on the nightstand. 7:45pm. Scorpius would arrive any time now. She was curious to know how his tryouts went. Everyone was at the rehearsal dinner still, but Rose excused herself after about an hour or so. Hugo stayed, hanging out with their cousins, but Rose could hardly stand being around her about to be step-mother and her side of the family. They were loud, without manners, gushing obnoxiously at every little thing her twin half-siblings did. Lavender's mother had the audacity at one point in the evening to tell Rose she should consider learning how to do her hair, because frizz was unbecoming . Her hair was anything but frizzy. It was just wild and curly like her mother's, but with a deep auburn color. Her father pulled her aside when she asked to be excused for the evening, looking somewhat disappointed at her request. " Rose, I'd really like for you to stay," Ron said to his daughter. " Dad, I know, but honestly, I just can't," Rose replied. "I know you love her, and that's fine - that's your choice - but I just can't." Ron sighed. "Lavender isn't the reason why your mother and I divorced. We hadn't been happy for awhile." " You still could've gone about it the normal way. Just asked for a divorce instead of doing what you did." " Rose, it's hard to explain." " I'm not a child, Dad." Ron sighed again. "I'm asking you to please stay until the party is over. Lavender will be upset if you leave early." Rose shrugged. "And I am politely declining. Besides, Scorpius will be here soon." Scowling, Ron raked a frustrated hand through his hair. "I thought I told you this was a family weekend?" " He's my best friend," Rose countered. "And Lavender said it was fine." " Where is he staying?" Rose looked right at her father. "With me." Placing a bookmark in her book, Rose sighed loudly as she stretched her arms up over her head. She was thoroughly dreading tomorrow as she glanced over at the dress she was to wear tomorrow. The dress wasn't awful, the one silver lining of the weekend's pending events. It was pale pink, form fitting with capped sleeves, a scoop neck, and bedazzled completely in sparkle beads