Author's note: For reasons beyond me I've neglected this story for more than six months. I'm not exactly back on track, but writing is the best therapy I've tried yet. I've revised my already published chapters and re-publishes them now, together with a new chapter. The amazing and talented Donna10Girl has been my editor, or beta, as I should call her here. Her corrections and comments have really made my text stronger and better, and I'll be forever in her debt. With a fair amount of encouragement (you know what I mean) I'll publish a new chapter once a week. Love, Kia Chapter 1 1994 Sirius Sirius Black is not a patient man. He does not believe in the saying "good things come to those who wait." Instead he has always lived by the motto "boredom comes to those who wait" and when he was a boy and a young man he made sure he was never bored. He was impulsive and reckless, and as a leopard can't change its spots, neither can Sirius become quite as composed and controlled as he sometimes wishes. As a boy at Grimmauld Place he used to say or do something, anything to get a rise out of his younger brother. Sometimes he was found out and punished, but most often he found the physical pain worth the action. Winding Regulus up was good fun; playing nicely with Regulus, who most often wanted to practice some kind of undetectable, under age wizards' Dark Art, was not. When Sirius came home after his first term at Hogwarts, he was punished within an inch of his life for being sorted into Gryffindor. He spent Christmas in bed, beaten and broken, actually asking Regulus politely to bring him food, just to survive, but still it was worth it. Befriending James Potter, Remus Lupin and even little, chicken-hearted Peter Pettigrew had been the best thing that ever had happened to him. Well, second best, but at that stage of his life his new friends pretty much guaranteed boredom was kept at bay. Later, much later, Sirius found himself in the hell of Azkaban. To the impatient 21-year-old it was double hell. Designed to deprive the prisoners of all their happy memories, the only survival strategy possible was to wallow in unhappy thoughts and memories. I suspected Remus, but it was Peter who betrayed James and Lily. I can't protect Harry from here. I'm innocent. When my brother joined the Death Eaters I hated him, when I found out he was a double spy, he was already dead. I sent my lovely, lovely girl into the future. I have no idea when, or if I'll ever, ever see her again. Good, Bellatrix is here too… The last thought faded rather quickly, as the malice and spitefulness in it was remotely related to happiness. Over the years Sirius stopped himself from thinking about the girl as well, he didn't even dare to whisper her name at night. He knew that if the Dementors got hold of his memories of her, and took them, swallowed them, burned them, or whatever the nightmarish creatures did with the happiness hidden in the prisoners, he would go irreversibly insane and loose all ambition and desire to one day escape. The other, double dimension of the hellish experience of the wizarding prison was, of course, waiting. Even though he was too terrified and depressed to be bored, it was waiting all the same. When Minister Fudge, on a whim, granted Sirius' polite request for a newspaper, his waiting became more focused than before. It became preparing, rather than waiting. Preparing for the day his Animagus form would be emaciated enough to slide through the bars of his cell on a day when a new prisoner had been brought in and kept the Dementors feasting on the new happiness in the three-cornered maze in the middle of the North Sea. And on a day the North Sea would be relatively calm. After twelve years the day came. Sirius is at Remus' cottage. He is lying low, off the radar of both Death Eaters and the Ministry. He has the feeling Remus' cottage will be his haven more than once, Remus being the only one Sirius trusts, and Remus, once again, trusting Sirius. After having suppressed most feelings for years, Sirius is more or less drowning in them now. Anger, guilt, sorrow, denial, shock, longing… In short, most negative emotions under the sun. Hints of relief, calmness and love prevent him from going insane. He has briefly considered going to London, to Grimmauld Place. He has found out it has been empty for eight years, since his mother's death, but the fact that his mother was the last living creature in his family home doesn't appeal to him. He still remembers her vile perfume clinging to every piece of fabric outside his own room, and he has a hunch that the portrait that was being painted the last time he was there, seventeen years ago, was something more than just narcissism on his mother's part. His eyes flick open when he sees the mounted elf-heads in his memories. No, he does not want to go there. He does not want to be alone. He has been alone enough for a lifetime. Remus enters the room and sinks down in an armchair in front of the hearth. A fire is roaring, gradually warming Sirius. He has been cold for over a decade and the process is slow. He sits on the floor, closer to the fire than Remus does, and rests his back against the other armchair. Partly to be closer to the fire, partly because he can't really handle the plush furniture. The softness is suffocating to a man whose greatest luxury for twelve years has been being able to fall asleep, regardless of the material he rests on. Even Remus' threadbare carpet feels a little unsteady underneath Sirius' gaunt body. "Sirius?" Sirius hears himself growl in response. He focuses on his human personality and struggles to switch to a more versatile language than 'dog.' "I'm sorry. Padfoot had been more wordy than I for a long time." Remus watches him with more compassion than Sirius can handle. He looks into the fire, relishing the heat against his skin. His skin is tender and dry after countless baths, and he can't feel his hair that has been a constant, itching, heavy helmet of dirt on his head for as long as he can remember. He doesn't like his reflection in Remus' bathroom mirror, where it's far too easy to see exactly what his skull looks like. His eyes and cheeks are sunken on each side of his cheekbones. There were spots of grey in his beard before he shaved it off. There is even a strand of grey in his hair, but he keeps it shoulder length anyway. It helps to hide his face. Remus sighs and Sirius ventures a glance at him. Remus looks, if not old, at least grown up and weary. The last time they spoke, before everything went to hell and Azkaban, Remus still had boyish features, as did Sirius. There is nothing boyish about the werewolf now, only angles and scars. "How long have you known it was her, Remus?" Remus meets his gaze with a confused expression, as if he doesn't know what Sirius means. He doesn't really answer the question when he speaks. "Sirius, up until two days ago I believed you were the one who betrayed Lily and James. For twelve years I have tried to put you out of my mind, feeling the wolf in me baring his teeth every time I thought about you. When Harry told me he'd seen Peter on the map, our map, I spent a night trying to rethink everything, I even went to see Sybill Trelawney." Sirius raises an eyebrow and the left corner of his mouth. Divination was always a subject for Remus' scorn during their Hogwarts days. "Well, what would you have me do?" Remus blurts. "I could hardly discuss your possible innocence with Severus. Albus was not available, and Hagrid is… well, not very subtle. It's either/or with him, and I knew he became as convinced as I back when… When you were arrested. We suspected each other, you and me, didn't we? And then you spent twelve years knowing we were both innocent, while I was sure as hell you were a Death Eater who had sold James and Lily to…" "If things had been different, the other way around, I would have done the same. I never thought Peter had it in him; he just wasn't clever or brave enough. He was just scared enough, and I will, by Merlin, find him and make him pay." "And I'll help you, Sirius. But to answer your question, I recognised her on the train before we even got to Hogwarts. I was dozing in a compartment of my own, it was no more than three days after the full moon, and I was a wreck. I heard the door open and a few kids come in. I pretended to sleep, wrapped in my coat, hearing their voices distantly. I recognised her voice before I even saw her. Two boys, Harry and Ron, it turned out, discussed who I was, and she told them. With that sharp deduction of hers she said my name together with my new title, Professor R. Lupin, after reading it on my trunk. Her voice is more like who she was when we knew her, than her looks, she is still very young, just a child." Sirius grinds his teeth and supresses a very doglike whining. He sighs and hides his face in his hands. Remus continues. "For the better part of this year, well, as I said before, up until two days ago, I saw her in the light of what I believed was true about you, Sirius. She is bright, exceptionally so, but I've pitied her. I've seen her as this bright, young, compassionate, loyal witch who will grow up, for some reason slip through a time warp and meet you only to be… I don't know, sometimes I thought you had killed her before you drove to Godric's Hollow that Halloween." "Killed her?" Sirius whispers through his hands. "Are you insane? I sent her away, I turned the hourglass on her time turner myself, forcing the chain into her hands, being the one who let go, she begged me to let her stay, telling me all the secrets about the future we had tried to coax out of her for as long as we had known her." "I hoped that was what happened. When I met her last September, so young, I wondered if she might be your daughter." "My daughter?" Sirius voice is still a whisper, his eyes somewhere behind Remus head. He is too exhausted to use complete sentences, too emotionally unstable to maintain eye contact with his friend. "Yes, if… Hermione," Remus uses her name for the first time, and Sirius closes his eyes, "had been pregnant when she… eh, went back…" "She wasn't." Sirius voice is hoarse. "If she had been I wouldn't have sent her away. I wouldn't have gone to James and Lily's if… No, I think I would have fled the country. With her of course." "I believe you. But she is just a girl now, she is thirteen. I knew her, I remember her as an adult. How old were we? Nineteen? Barely adults. And if she had been your daughter she would have been at least two years younger than Harry. She is a few months older, I've checked." Sirius leans back against the armchair, craning back his neck so he watches the exposed beams in ceiling. "I hid my memories of her while I was in prison. During the past year, when I've been on the run, I've relived them, fearing I'll