For it was the greatest love story ever told. Okay, if we are going to be honest, it probably isn't the greatest love story ever told, but hey, it's pretty damn close to it. It started all on one night. It was the beginning of spring, and the temperature was rising to one of those numbers were you can feel the heat just by looking at it. Night was beginning to fall, but the sun still showed its face, for it wanted to see the movie premiere of one of the highest rated books of the modern age. Celebrities and people from all walks of fame made their way along the red carpet, gowns sparkling from the flashing of cameras. People shouting questions, fans trying to get the autographs of their favorite movie stars, and all the while backstage crew rushing around, hoping that all would go as planned for the first showing of ' One Last Hero ', a book-to-movie adaptation of a book from the same name. Critics were raving about the release of the movie from the very moment it hit news of it's coming out. The book had taken the world by storm, becoming the next best thing since sliced bread. And with such high hopes rushing around it's name, many high society actors had been more than willing to sign on at first chance. It wasn't even a year after the book had come out that directors, producers, and writers all wanted their hands on creative copyrights. But there had been some problems following such a race, for not many people knew the identity of the author. Sure, the book had the name on it, and sure, there had been other books released, all well-respected, but the strange thing is, the author had never shown up to any meetings, and only communicated via editor and manager, so no one besides her knew of the identity of the creator of the book. But little did anyone know the author was there that night. Author, N.D. Augustine, did make a cameo from behind the scenes, but not the way people would presume normal, no, the author had joined in the shadows as a simpleton, as a common face munged the sea of famous people and the ones working behind the scenes; for he showed up not as his alias, but as himself, simple Nico di Angelo, a name that nobody knew. When word got out that people were talking about getting the copyrights to the book that he thought nobody would like, a simple high school student that sent his book to a friend that practically blackmailed him into sending her, he was ecstatic, overjoyed. But he had one condition with everything: he would stay on the project from the back seat. He never wanted to use his real name for it would be too inconvenient for him with his normal life and all, so he kept his initials and changed the last name to Augustine. Why? He didn't know. As the sea of people made their way into the over-sized theatre for the very first showing of One Last Hero, people were rushing to get every last thing in order before the movie was a go. The main cast were the first to come in. Annabeth Chase, who played K.C. (Kasandra Claire) Miles, the main characters best friend and sanity, followed by Jason Grace, who played Ryan Dean, troublemaker of the group who always had to have the last word said; Percy Jackson, who played Cory Willis, K.C.'s boyfriend and a sarcastic little shit, Piper McLean, who played Rini Walker, the demolition expert and the sweetheart of the group, and lastly, Will Solace, who played Nate Castiline, the main character. As they made their way to their seats, hundreds of fans screamed from the sideline, shouting about how much they loved them. The main cast had practically fought for their parts. So many people wanted in on this project that actors were willing to do just about anything to get in. It had been a race to the death to land the part they wanted, but only one person hadn't had that problem. Will Solace was first approached for the part of Nate when almost a year of trying to cast the part had been wasted. The Producer's daughter had been a huge fan of his work, and one day when he had gotten home, she was re-watching one of his movies for the thousandth time. The blonde had caught the attention of the Producer and he couldn't shake off the feeling. So, the next day at work, he had an intern make a few calls and the next thing he knew, Will Solace was being dragged into an audition were he landed the part barely five seconds in. When he was informed (next day of course) that he got the part, he practically screamed in joy. He was such a huge fan of the book, that when he got the call for the audition, his heart wouldn't calm down for the next day or two. He owned all the books by the author and had read them at least five times each. He knew it was pretty pathetic, but he knew he had to live up to such a great legacy. His hair still had the few streaks of black from filming in it at the premiere, but he didn't care, he thought they made him look just a little bit badass. When he got to his spot, he realized he had to pee, so he excused himself from the group and headed off to find a bathroom. He wondered down a few corridors until he thought himself lost. He asked one of the backstage crew working that night and he was pointed in the direction. He thanked him and hurried off. Just when he thought nothing else could happen on the way to the bathroom, he was suddenly knocked back by a body. He didn't fall down, but the person who had run into him had. With a smile, he bent down to help the boy up who was scrounging around to pick up the papers he had dropped. Will helped pick up some of the things, and just as he was about to hand the papers over to the boy, both of them locked eyes. The pupils on the boy grew three times in size. Even under all the hair that hung in his face, Will was still able to make out the small shine of the brown orbs. "I'm sorry," he squeaked out then cleared his throat. Will smiled at the boy and handed him what he had picked up. "It's fine." The boy kept looking up at the blonde while trying to organize his things. Little did Will know, that boy was a huge fan of his, and that fan was none-other than the author he admired so much. Nico was in a daze after running into him. He felt so stupid for everything. When Nico was first approached about giving out the copy rights, he didn't know how they would cast any of the characters properly, the main one being Nate Castiline. But when he found out that after searching for over a year they had settled on Will Solace, Nico nearly melted in his seat. That boy had been one of his favorite actors from the time he started and onwards. So this was a moment that he would never forget, yet he wished he could do over again. Nico opened and closed his mouth, trying to form some sort of words, but before any sound had a chance of escaping his lips, someone called for him. "Nico, c'mon, we are going to be late!" Nico looked up and locked eyes with a dark haired girl. He scooped up the rest his stuff and rushed passed the blonde star, not making eye contact. As the dark haired boy brushed passed Will, leaving him all alone once again, Will noticed something small at the base of his foot. He bent down and picked it up. It was a simple brown leather note book. He tossed it back and forth in his hands. Will turned around to see if the boy – Nico was his name – was still in sight, but he was nowhere to be seen. After debated whether or not to chase after him in the direction, his bladder had other plans. He rushed off in the direction of the bathroom, book still in hand. Once he was done, he made his way to sit back down next to Leo Valdez, the actor who played the villain, Marco Myers. Will fondled the book in his hands, debating whether or not to open it. It wasn't his, so he shouldn't, but then again, what could it's pages hold? He hesitated, but he unwrapped the leather binding and slowly opened it. What he saw was incredible. Hand drawn pictures made out of what appeared to be ink, but an olden pen ink, almost ' Harry Potter' fashion. He couldn't tell what the words that were written all around were – they seemed to be Italian – but from what he could tell was that that Nico boy was an artist and he wanted to know more. He did feel a sharp pain in realising that there was probably no way he could get it back to him. He only knew his first name; no way could he find him with that small amount to go on. "What's that?" Leo pointed at the notebook with Cheedo fingers. "Oh," Will tried to come up with an excuse, but words seemed to be failing him, "It's, uhh, just this thing." He flicked his wrist; examining it a little bit himself – showing Leo, hoping he bought the excuse. "Oh, looks cool." And with that, he dropped the topic. Will never let the thought drop from his mind as the lights dimmed and words were spoken before the movie flickered on the big screen. It started out pretty simple, opening credits played on the screen with old fashion radio reports played over top of it. Images of scientist in a lab played in and out of groups of people being tested. After a few minutes, a scientist injects Leo's character, Marco Myers. The screen cuts to five children playing. After cutting back and forth between Marco training and the group of children, a scientist give Marco a gun and he starts shooting up the place, sending pulses of fire from his fingertips. The story is pretty easy to follow. It is about a group of five friends who all find out they have powers. When they were younger, the government was working on an experiment dubbed 'The Superman Experiment' and it was the government manipulating genes and injecting them into different people. To participate in the experiment, one would have to pass quite a few tests. Marco Myers, played by Leo Valdez, was working with one of the scientist in the experiment to get in and use this power for evil. The scientist working undercover was helping to make sure he passed every background test and physical and whatever else was needed to pass. When he managed to gain access to the serum, he uses his new found powers to destroy the lab, but one scientist managed to save random serums and sneak them out. Like the wonder father and adult he was, he injects his son, Nate Castiline, (played by Will Solace after the beginning, you know, age gap and all) and his four friends. They end up passing out, forgetting everything that had happened. Due to them being so young, the serum being untested and a new version, they round what they remember to being a nightmare they shared at a sleepover, and because of it all, their powers don't develop until they are older. When Marco tried to take over, they