Author's note: This fic is dedicated to Return to Neverland, because it's her birthday today. Happy birthday! She asked me to write this particular plot and while I thought it wouldn't be longer than 4K ... Well, yeah, it turned out to be quite a bit longer than that *coughs* Warnings: Harry's pov; eight year; a rather chill Harry? I suppose considering the circumstances; slash; some characters didn't die Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. J.K. Rowling owns it. Dedicated to: Return to Neverland I hope you'll like it! Just an Ordinary Day Everyone had those days where they wished they had just stayed in bed and had avoided the rest of the world for an unforeseeable time. Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived-Twice, the Hero of the Wizarding World, the one to save everyone from Voldemort's mad reign of terror, was having one of those days right now. It started right after he woke up on what was supposed to be a regular, boring Friday, filled with two hours of Potions, an hour of Care of Magical Creatures, two hours of Transfiguration and two hours of Defence against the Dark Arts before he could escape to the Quidditch pitch and fly for a few hours. As they hadn't been able to attend classes last year due to the war, he and his friends had decided to return to Hogwarts for an extra year, grasping the chance to be normal students for once in their lives. Well, as normal as one could be after being heralded for defeating a mad, Dark wizard of course, but one couldn't have everything Harry supposed. At least the wards kept out the nosy reporters; it turned out that McGonagall was even less fond of the press than Harry was, imagine that. So Harry woke up on Friday morning, the last traces of a dream he couldn't even remember the details of leaving his mind as soon as green eyes opened. He stretched, feeling some muscles in his back pop satisfyingly and yawned before sitting up and ruffling his messy hair. Rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, he blinked blearily and grabbed his wand from his nightstand, casting the Tempus Charm. He couldn't supress a groan of dismay as the glowing numbers cheerfully announced it was ten past seven. He would like to go back to sleep, but if he did that now, he would both be late for breakfast and arrive too late for Transfiguration and even with McGonagall being his Head of the House, he knew he wouldn't be able to get away with arriving late in her class. So far he had avoided receiving detention – mainly because he and Snape held an awkward sort of truce after the end of the war and both were determined not to upset that – and he wanted to keep up that streak. Breakfast it was then. At least he had taken a shower last night so he didn't have to hurry with taking one now. One had to look at the positive side of things. When he drew back the curtains around his bed and stepped out of his bed, he nearly walked straight into Neville, who hastily took a step back. "Sorry, Neville, didn't know you were there," Harry smiled sheepishly and hid a yawn behind his hand. When Neville didn't do anything except for stammering something incomprehensibly, Harry eyed him carefully. "You okay?" Being the one to kill Nagini – and thereby ridding the world of yet another Horcrux – had given Neville a confidence boost and it had been months since Harry had last heard him stammering or stuttering. He couldn't help but worry when Neville's stammer resurfaced. "Y-yes, I'm fine," Neville practically squeaked and that did nothing to set Harry at ease. Neville's entire face was a fire engine red by now and just when Harry was about to suggest he sat down and drank some water, his friend thrusted out his arms hastily, offering something to Harry. The dark haired wizard leant back a bit to study the object better and was a bit perplexed to discover that it was a plant with a single red flower. The flower was shaped crudely like a mouth and as Harry watched, the petals opened slowly as if the flower was yawning before something thin and purple quickly slithered out, seemingly tasting the air like a snake would do before the petals closed once more. "Eh. It's … interesting?" Harry offered uncertainly when light blue eyes looked at him expectantly. The other young man beamed. "This plant is called the Dream Devourer," he explained and at Harry's horrified look, he hastened to add, "Which is a bit of a misnomer, because the plant doesn't eat regular dreams, but only nightmares. Sort of like purifies them, you know? When you have a nightmare, this plant picks up on it and before the nightmare can become worse, it uses its magic to eat the nightmare and in return you'll be left with nothing but pleasant dreams." "That is, eh, I haven't heard of such a plant before," Harry murmured, studying the plant closer. Of course he knew that there were plants which ate insects – he had gone to a botanic centre with his class when he had been eight years old and had seen such a plant in action – but this was the first time he heard of a plant eating nightmares. "Ah, Professor Sprout taught me about this one. She's been giving me little projects throughout the years and this was one of them," Neville said proudly. The redness had left his face somewhat during their conversation, but now it was back full force as he lifted the plant a bit higher. "I, eh, I figured you might like one." "Eh, thank you," Harry said bemused and accepted the plant gingerly, not entirely convinced yet that it wouldn't bite his finger. If possible, Neville blushed even harder and with an odd sort squeak, he made some random gestures with his hands before stumbling out of the dormitory, nearly tripping over Ron's bag. "Okay," Harry said slowly, not sure what had happened just now, and placed the plant carefully on his nightstand, wondering what was going on with Neville. Well, whatever. The plant sounded useful and he knew that the kind hearted boy would never give him something that would harm him. He had to hurry with changing into his robes, though, if he wanted a chance to have a decent breakfast. On his way to the Great Hall, he was stopped by Dean, who handed him a small portrait of himself in his fourth year during his task with the dragons. The drawing featured him flying circles around the dragon, taunting her by staying out of her reach and the dragon roaring in frustrating, slashing her tail back and forth. It was incredibly well drawn, looking like a photo more than a drawing, but for the life of Harry, he couldn't figure out why Dean had decided to not only draw that particular scene, but also hand it over to him. When he asked him about it, however, Dean just grinned and slapped his shoulders before slipping into the bathroom. A tad confused, Harry put the portrait in his bag and continued his trek to the Great Hall. Before he could enter through the large doors, the enticing scent of breakfast luring him inside, two Ravenclaw girls he thought had to be fourth years stopped him and handed over two dark blue bags with chocolates inside, all the while giggling and blushing. Before he could ask them about the chocolates, they hurried away, blushing madly. What. Perplexed he looked down at the two small, cloth bags and after a bit of hesitation, he dropped them in his bag as well, deciding he would get rid of them later on. Or maybe he should give them to Ron – after testing them for potions, of course. He didn't want a repeat of the love potion disaster in their sixth year. When he stepped inside the Great Hall, he became aware of the many eyes following him and his skin crawled with the sensation. He had become rather used to being looked at – especially after the war, the attention he received had grown tenfold, if not more – but there was something about those looks now that made him severely uncomfortable. Spotting familiar bushy brown and ginger hair, he hurried to his friends, sidestepping a second year from Hufflepuff who had a weirdly determined look on his face. "Hey, you guys, did you notice something weird?" he asked without preamble, sinking down next to Hermione. "Weird? Of course not. Here, Harry, I got you breakfast," Hermione said brightly and set down a plate in front of him which was completely loaded with several slices of perfectly cooked bacon, scrambled eggs that took up nearly the entire plate, four sausages and three pieces of lightly toasted bread, already spread with butter. A glass with orange juice was placed down in front of it. "Eh, thank you?" Harry said, more as a question than a statement of gratitude. Since when did Hermione fill his plate? "If you have any homework left unfinished or just something you don't understand, you can always give it to me, Harry. I'll be happy to do it for you," she continued with a smile, patting his arm. He lowered his fork, staring at her incredulously. Now he knew something was wrong with her. The Hermione he knew would never offer to finish or do someone else's homework. He and Ron already had to basically beg and whine for her to check their assignments for mistakes, let alone her offering to do it. What was going on here? Surreptitiously he aimed his wand at her underneath the table and murmured spells underneath his breath that would check for mind control curses and even swapped identities spells, something he had found in a book a few months ago. The scans came up clean. But that didn't mean there wasn't anything wrong with her; it just meant he hadn't yet figured out which spells to use to check more thoroughly. He turned towards Ron, intent on asking him whether he knew what was wrong with his girlfriend and instead was met with a large piece of treacle tart. For a moment he could do nothing but blink and gape at it. Where the hell had Ron got a slice that big? "Here mate, I know how much you like treacle tart," Ron chuckled and set it down next to him. His blue eyes glittered oddly when he went on with a large grin, "I figured we could go flying immediately after our last class. You love flying, right, Harry?" "That's – we can only go after dinner. Ravenclaw has reserved the pitch before that," Harry pointed out slowly, eyeing his best friend warily. Yes, something strange was definitely going on here. Ron shrugged, not in the least deterred. "Then we can go flying over the Forbidden Forest; sounds like fun, no?" "Ron, are you feeling all right?" Harry asked, concern slowly transitioning into alarm. Even though Ron loved flying as much as he did, he would never suggest they do it over the Forbidden Forest, too paranoid that one of Aragog's children would be able to launch themselves into the sky and grab him. "Of course! You know, I never noticed how green your eyes actually are," Ron said and peered up at him, way closer than what was considered comfortable. "Right, I'm just – going to, you know, to class," Harry muttered, thoroughly freaked out by now and after stuffing a piece of toasted bread between his lips, he snatched his bag from the floor and practically ran out of the hall, ignoring his friends' calls for him to "Wait, Harry, you haven't finished your breakfast yet!" and "So is that a