Author's note: A dear friend of mine asked me whether I couldn't write a Drarry fic for her because she hasn't been feeling well lately - this is the result. Babyvfan, I'm not entirely sure this is what you had in mind when you made the request, but I hope I didn't screw it up too badly ^^; This is a rather random oneshot, so don't expect any deep thoughts or a complicated plot :P Warnings: Draco's pov; established slash; implied mature content (for full version, go to my profile for more information); MPreg; set a few years after the war; a fairly chill Harry (I feel like that should be a warning in my fics LOL) Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. J.K. Rowling owns it. Dedicated to: babyvfan I hope you'll like it! In Sickness and in Health Miserable. Utterly and completely miserable, that was how he felt like right now. Scratch that, there were no words in any language to describe how he felt like now, no words which would sufficiently bring his state across. "You're overreacting, Draco," Harry said and had the audacity to roll his eyes. Where was all that Gryffindor compassion right now? The one time the git was allowed to act like a sentimental Gryffindor and he chose this moment to display his Slytherin side? What had he done to deserve such a cold reaction? The dark haired man was subjected to a glare, though the intensity of it was severely lessened by how watery those grey eyes looked. "No' ove'eacting," Draco mumbled offended; his nose feeling horribly stuffed and he sniffled, grimacing. His voice sounded muffled in his ears, as if something was obstructing his hearing. "Yes, you are, it's just a cold," Harry said patiently as he sank down on the bed next to Draco's hip and brought his hand down to check the blond's temperature. "See, your fever is going down already." "Don' see why the potion can' work faster," Draco grumbled, voice thick. His nose tickled and he quickly snatched his handkerchief from the spot next to him, covering his nose and mouth when he sneezed violently. Eugh, disgusting. "Even magic has its limits," Harry replied dryly and pointed his wand at the closet in the right corner of their bedroom. "Accio handkerchiefs." A whole bunch of clean handkerchiefs shot out the closet and flew over towards the sick man, landing in a neat pile next to him in his reach. "It shouldn't have," Draco muttered darkly, lowering himself back in the mountain of pillows he had insisted he needed to lay comfortably. "You know, I thought your mother was kidding when she warned me, but she clearly wasn't exaggerating," Harry remarked unimpressed as he rose up from the bed and walked over to the small table where they kept the potions Draco needed to take. Grey eyes regarded him suspiciously. "Wha' did mother tell you?" Draco demanded, rubbing his temples in a weak effort to soothe the slow pulsing of a growing headache. His lover snorted as he picked up the first vial, read the label on it and put it back down. "Said you're a nightmare to deal with when you're sick." "'m not a nightmare," the blond protested – and definitely didn't pout. Malfoys didn't pout. Ever. Green eyes threw him an exasperated look. "Draco, you're worse than Teddy when he's feeling sick." He paused. "And Teddy is six years old," he pointed out silkily. "Can't someone feel sick without being judged fo' it?" Draco retorted snippily, wriggling himself deeper underneath the blankets. 'Oh poor Draco, is the world against you?" Harry questioned amused, lifting up the third vial from the table and holding it into the weak, early October daylight. "Sure feels like it," Draco snapped, crossing his arms. He had to uncross them a few seconds later when they felt heavy and uncomfortable on his stomach. Fuck, he hoped he wouldn't have to throw up; that would just be the icing on this goddamn fucking cake. "You big baby." Harry clucked his tongue and approached him again, offering the vial. Draco glowered at him, but snatched the vial out of his hand. "As my husband aren't you supposed to take care of me?" he asked annoyed and twisted off the cork, sitting up a bit so that he could drink the potion. The potion felt thick and slimy on his tongue and he nearly gagged when he swallowed it. Another reason why being sick sucked: the vile taste of the potions that were supposed to cure him. He felt the need to stress the ' supposed to ' because so far they were doing a lousy job of it! A slim, dark eyebrow rose up in a challenge. "And what exactly do you think I've been doing this weekend, hm?" Harry questioned; his voice having gained that dangerous soft lilt to it that signified the other person was treading on thin ice. Draco was an expert in ignoring that tone. "No' taking care of me like you should," he insisted stubbornly. "You're not acting empathetic – or sympathetic, both, whatever – enough." The younger wizard smiled thinly, resting his weight on his right hip as he studied his sick lover with shining eyes. "Oh, I'm not sympathetic enough? What exactly would constitute being sympathetic or empathetic enough for his majesty?" Harry really should dial down the sarcasm for now; unlike other days Draco wasn't in the mood to appreciate it. "No' holding back on kisses would be a good start," he replied mulishly. Harry mock gasped – and Draco knew that sound was mocking, he wasn't that ill, damn it – and brought his hand to his chest. "But if I kiss you now, I would become sick as well and we don't want that, now do we?" Draco scowled at him. "I mean, you're always the one saying I have to learn how to take care of myself, so." Harry shrugged and his grin was positively evil . Damn him. Of course now was the moment that git would choose to listen to Draco. Of fucking course. He very much disliked that Slytherin move of his lover. Very much. "You're awful," he croaked out after finishing his coughing fit. "Would an awful person take care of his sick husband?" Harry hummed, handing over a glass of cold water. "You're enjoying this," Draco accused him after sipping from the cool liquid and it soothed his sore throat. "If you really love me, you would - " "Draco, if I didn't love you, I would have left your sick, whining arse and you would be forced to take care of yourself," Harry retorted flatly, gazing at him unamused. Draco looked at him outraged. "Now shut up, lay back down and rest, for Merlin's sake." The blond man kept quiet as he shuffled deeper underneath the blankets and scowled at one of the pillows which had escaped his mountain and was now lying forlornly near his feet. A sigh sounded above him and then the mattress dipped down once more and a hand squeezed his right knee. "Tell you what: if you can take the rest of your medicine without whining about it and rest, then once you're feeling better, you can do what you want with me for one night, okay?" Harry suggested and there was an underlying current of amusement colouring his voice. The offer made him feel too much like he was treated like an unruly, fussy child, but he had to admit reluctantly that the prospect of having free reign over Harry for one night was a very alluring one. Too alluring to resist, actually. Eugh, why had he ever thought that Harry's Slytherin side was a good thing? He was weak, so weak. "Fine," he muttered and resisted the urge to cross his arms. Barely. And Harry's chuckle didn't make him feel warm inside. No, it certainly did not. Two days later Draco was finally done being sick. As he threw the empty vials viciously into the bin after vanquishing the left overs of the potions, he swore to himself that he would create a better Cold Stopper Draught; a potion that wouldn't take days before it finally flushed out all the germs. It would be a raging success, he just knew it. But first – first he had something else to do. Or rather: someone else. A smirk gracing pale pink lips, the grey eyed man slipped upstairs to gather all the necessary supplies for tonight. Time to cash in the offer. The muffled sound of the Floo activating downstairs caused Draco to raise his head and slowly he closed his book and placed it on his nightstand. "Draco?" Harry called out curiously. "Upstairs," Draco answered and rose up from the bed, stretching out his arms and feeling his back pop. There was a pause in which the other wizard presumably removed his robes and his shoes. The staircase creaked slightly as Harry made his way upstairs and Draco made a mental note to renew the Muffle Charm on the steps. No need to disturb each other if they had worked late and the other one was already asleep. "I saw the vials in the bin," Harry said, stepping into their bedroom. "Looks like you're feeling well again, huh?" "Hm, took far too long for my liking," Draco retorted and approached his lover; the tips of his fingers tingling as he thought of everything they would be doing soon. "You didn't go to your lab?" the younger man inquired curiously and tilted his head slightly back to accept a kiss. If Draco savoured the soft touch, after days of not being allowed to kiss his husband, well, nobody had to know. "No, not today," Draco murmured and lowered his hands on Harry's hips, using his grip to pull him flush against his own body. He nipped at Harry's lower lip, smirked when he caught the sharp intake of his breath. "I remember you offering me something a few days ago." The dark haired man chuckled, which trailed off into a small sigh. "Of course you remember that," he said amused, pulling back slightly. His own hands rested on Draco's lower back. "Before we start, there's something I need to tell you." "Is it a matter of life and death?" A blond eyebrow was raised. "What? No, but - " "Then it can wait," Draco decided and locked their mouths together before the other wizard could form some sort of protest. His tongue slid against closed lips, teasing and prodding at the seam until they parted, allowing him to slip inside. The tips of their tongues met, brushed against each other; their kiss deepening. Harry's hands brushed higher up on Draco's back, clutching the material of his shirt when teeth grazed his lower lip. Two fingers slipped between warm skin and rough cloth and Draco tugged, taking a step back. He released Harry's mouth, the both of them already breathing heavier, and licked his lips. "Why don't we take this to our bed?" he suggested huskily and forest green eyes glowed as the younger man allowed himself to be led to their bed and be pushed on it. Draco wasted no time in climbing on the mattress, practically stalking his lover when the latter shuffled backwards until he let himself fall back against the pillows. Long, slender legs widened automatically, creating a space for the blond to lie in between. "Now what are you planning to do to me?" Harry asked; the left corner of his mouth tucked up in that way he had when he was excited about what they would be doing, but didn't really want to show it. Draco smirked, lowering his body so that their hips pressed fully against each other. "What, don't want it to be a surprise?" he drawled, rolling his hips so that he nudged against the bulge steadily growing against his. A soft