Author's note: Happy New Year to all of you! I guess we start this year off with a Harry Potter oneshot :P Which turned out to be much longer than I expected *coughs* Warnings: Lucius' pov; implied child abuse; takes place in 1986; some angst; persistent Draco Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. J.K. Rowling owns it. Dedicated to: babyvfan. Not sure if it's as cute as you imagined, but nevertheless I hope you'll enjoy it! More Powerful Than Magic "Thank you again for your generous donation, Mister Malfoy," Minister Bagnold smiled thinly, offering her hand to shake that of the older blond wizard. Lucius inclined his head and smiled affably. "I'm just doing my part to contribute to our society, Madam. No need to thank me." They exchanged more superficial pleasantries before he offered one last curt nod and swept out of the Minister's office. The people he passed by on his way to the Atrium either nodded respectfully or gave him a wide berth, sometimes coupled with a foul look. He merely raised an eyebrow and smirked and had the satisfaction of seeing those people slink off, their faces sour with whatever retort they had to swallow. It paid off to have quite some influence in the Ministry. Two towering Christmas trees greeted him when the elevator opened, revealing the Atrium where wizards and witches hurried in and out of the Floo or conversed with each other in small groups. It was only the end of November but the Christmas spirit had clearly overtaken the Ministry already. There was one fireplace free, an old witch just having gone through it and he took a pinch of Floo powder out of the jar, threw it in the merrily dancing flames and stated calmly, "Malfoy Manor." Green surrounded him when he stepped into the flames, which licked at his robes and felt pleasantly warm, but didn't burn him, and there were flashes of rooms flickering in front of him: a cluttered attic; a living room where a couple was arguing loudly; a small room only containing one wooden chair; a kitchen where the door leading outside was open, revealing snow covered ground … Two familiar royal blue arm chairs appeared and he calmly stepped out of the hearth; the flames crackling loudly for a few seconds, before they quietened down and the green bled away, leaving behind bright red mixed with gold. He was home. A house elf appeared to accept his robes, bowing deeply in greeting. "Welcome home, sir," the elf squeaked; his long, narrow nose nearly brushing the shining tiled floor. "My family?" he inquired, studying his trousers critically. He nodded in satisfaction when he detected no soot particles left behind. "Mistress is sittings with little Master in little Master's playroom," the elf replied; the flames in the hearth catching his large oak brown eyes. Lucius cocked an eyebrow slightly and glanced at his watch – a gift from his grandfather when he turned of age. It was a quarter to eight; his meeting with the Minister had lasted longer than he had anticipated. Without deigning the elf another look, he strode out of the foyer and crossed the large hallway. The manor was still devoid of Christmas decoration, but it wouldn't be long anymore before the elves would start decorating the place. The majestic staircase – intricate designs carved into the bannister – gleamed in the soft light of the chandelier as he made his way up; his footsteps echoing as he ascended the marble steps. White marble disappeared underneath an emerald carpet, muffling his footsteps, and he passed tapestries of majestic looking magical creatures, such as three unicorns peacefully grazing deep green grass and a manticore roaring at a large snake. The second floor had portraits of the Malfoy family and some of his ancestors greeted him respectfully while others dozed in their frames. He turned left and was instantly greeted by the animated voice of his seven year old son. He allowed himself a small smile before he smoothed out his expression and entered the large playroom where he found his wife seated on a pure white armchair, listening patiently to their son's story. Narcissa looked up and her face softened a fraction when her gaze landed on him. "Good evening, dear," she greeted him, rising up from her chair to accept his kiss. "I assume the meeting went well?" "Like expected," he replied dryly and turned around to address Draco, who was hastily getting back on his feet, his face lightning up at the sight of his father. "Shouldn't you be preparing for bed, Draco?" The blond boy flushed guiltily, putting his hands behind his back. "Yes, father. I was just telling mother something." "And what was this something?" The sudden glint of excitement in his son's grey eyes filled him with apprehension. "About Harry Potter, father! The papers say they're going to look for him again. Won't it be amazing if they find him?" Of course. Lucius didn't even need to turn around to know his wife was giving him a pointed look and he resisted the urge to grit his teeth. Ever since he heard the story of how Harry Potter had defeated the Dark Lord six years ago, Draco had become obsessed with the notion of the boy. He insisted on looking through every book that contained even the slightest mention of the Potter boy, even if he still couldn't read everything, and he mentioned the other boy at least once a day, insisting that they would become best friends once they met. When Narcissa had explained that nobody knew where the boy had been placed after the attack, Draco had become incredibly upset. It had taken the house elves a week before they had managed to restore the smaller living room to its former glory. Since then Draco had become even more obsessed with meeting the last living Potter. It was … disconcerting to see his son behaving so obsessed about someone he hadn't even met before. The older wizard didn't understand the appeal about the Potter heir either. Naturally, it was intriguing how a small, seemingly defenceless baby had managed to make the darkest wizard of their lifetime disappear without a trace, but for Draco it went beyond being fascinated with a magical mystery. How could someone be fixated on a person they had never met before? "Draco, you know that Dumbledore placed Potter somewhere where other people can't find him," Lucius began and serenely ignored Draco's protested "His name is Harry , father!" as he continued, "The papers don't have the means to find him." "But father!" "No, Draco." His stern look had the younger boy cowering and looking down at the floor. "It's time to change into your pyjamas and brush your teeth. Go on now." "Yes, father," Draco muttered dejectedly and a house elf popped up soundlessly next to him, guiding him to his bedroom. "I thought his obsession with that Potter boy would disappear like all his previous obsessions did," Lucius sighed, turning around to look at Narcissa. She pursed her lips; the reddened tint on her mouth distracting him for a brief moment. "His obsession with Harry Potter is at least safer than his obsession with exploring the world had been." Weary amusement danced in her ice blue eyes. He grimaced, recalling all too well the panic he had felt when one of the house elves had informed him three years ago that his son had disappeared and they couldn't immediately locate him. The four year old had managed to escape the watchful eyes of his house elf and had sneaked past the wards, well on his way to the village, determined to explore the world like the hero in his favourite book had done. With all the shenanigans Draco had been up to so far, it was a miracle he hadn't gone grey yet. "He definitely gets his penchant for obsessing from your side of the family," he remarked darkly and she narrowed her eyes slightly. "Yes, it surely can't be yours." She gave him a mocking smile, her eyes sparking dangerously, and he stiffened, eyeing her warily. This time she seemed content to leave the argument at that remark, because she sighed softly and shook her head; her hair swishing gently back and forth. "Just humour him for now. You're always telling him to aim high and that's just what he's doing right now." Amusement played around her lips. "He'll grow out of it, you'll see." She let her fingers dance across his wrist. "We can only hope he does," he commented wryly. Who would have thought that an absent boy would give him such a headache? Draco didn't grow out of his obsession. With every day that passed he became more and more adamant that he and Potter would be best friends, rattling off all the things they could do together once they met each other. He demanded that his parents tell him everything the papers wrote about their quest to find the elusive boy, only to sulk for days in his room when the journalists had to give up on their search after not even finding one clue that could lead to the boy's location. Clearly Draco was more serious about this than Lucius had thought. It also exasperated him to no end; he didn't think he could take another four years of this before Draco had to attend school. There were only so many times he could heard the words "Harry Potter" before wanting to down a whole bottle of Firewhiskey. His wife on the other hand just appeared amused with their son's obsession and did nothing to deter the young boy. The Blacks had always had an odd sense of humour. Christmas went by with its usual festivities. The entire manor was decorated: there was a large Christmas tree in the hallway, another one in the grand living room, a third one in the ballroom and one near the gates, the small lights in them twinkling and glittering merrily. A large pile of presents was put underneath the tree in the grand living room – the majority of those being for Draco, who was all too eager to open them. They held a Christmas ball like every year, inviting all the important and influential Pureblood families while the house elves made certain that there was enough food and drinks. While Lucius discussed potential agreements with other wizards, Narcissa flitted from one witch to the next one, conversing pleasantly with them, looking perfect in her ice white dress – not that she ever looked less than perfect. Watching her deal with a witch from the Greengrass family was always an amusing diversion for Lucius; the Blacks and the Greengrass' were not fond of each other at all, their mutual dislike tracing back to a dispute concerning land rights in the early seventeen hundreds, but Narcissa smiled politely as the youngest Greengrass witch – he thought her name was Loraine – chattered on obliviously. Bright blue eyes caught his own and he smirked, raising his glass at her. Her eyes flashed briefly – too brief for anyone to notice it if they didn't know her as well as he did – before she returned her full attention back to the other witch. Draco, meanwhile, was occupying himself in a quiet corner of the ballroom with a couple of other children who had joined their parents. Before the gathering had commenced he had impressed on Draco the importance to not mention Harry Potter even once this evening. The Dark Lord may be gone but his supporters were still out there, awaiting their chance. Lucius could do without the rumours that would start circulating if anyone heard that his son was obsessed with becoming Potter's friend. Surprisingly Draco had agreed, which was something the older wizard hadn't expected to happen, given his son's fixation on the other boy. A sliver of hope