Author's note: This is much later than I wanted, but time wasn't my friend this week and I had to finish this story today *sighs* Consider it a belated Christmas present ^^; This is the sequel to No Santa Claus' Allowed! and its prequel Malfoys and Santa Claus don't mix well. You don't need to have read the previous two to really follow the events of this fic, but it can help as there are references to the other ones in this. I wish you all a belated Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays/insert which holiday you celebrate! Warnings: Draco's pov; established slash; implied mature content; past MPreg; foul language Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. J.K. Rowling owns it. I hope you'll like it! Don't Mention Santa near Malfoys "But daddy, Sarah says it's fun!" Draco cocked an eyebrow, dusting the soot off his robes, when his daughter's voice danced towards him from the vicinity of the kitchen. Behind him the flames changed from a forest green to a dark red and bright golden; the sound of the gentle crackling fire accompanying that of the rain hitting the window with a steady rhythm. December it might be but that didn't mean Mother Nature was willing to exchange the rain for snow. Bright grey eyes met his own when his son popped his head into the foyer and he greeted the older blond with a small grin. "Papa, you're home early," he remarked; his book of transfiguration pressed against his chest. "Yes, the workload today was lighter than I expected," Draco smiled wryly. If he had left his lab earlier to avoid running into that stupid bint who assumed that working in the International Magical Office of Law meant she could demand impossible adjustments to potions, well, that was neither here nor there. "How's homework going?" Draco inquired and smirked when Scorpius huffed annoyed. "It's going I suppose," the twelve year old muttered darkly and scowled at his book. Scorpius was in his second year at Hogwarts now and at the moment home for the winter holidays. To everyone's surprise, the dark haired boy had been Sorted into Slytherin; they had likely all assumed that having Harry Potter as his father would guarantee a spot in Gryffindor. Draco was one of the very few who knew that the Sorting Hat had wanted to place Harry in Slytherin. He would forever find it a shame that his husband had refused to be placed in that House. "Dad's making dinner," Scorpius informed him as they left the small foyer and made their way to the kitchen. "But he gives presents!" Ianthe insisted, on the verge of whining. "And she's still going on about that," Scorpius muttered darkly and slipped into the kitchen before Draco could question him. Harry was flipping over the meat and directing the plates and cutlery to the table with his wand while their six year old daughter hovered next to him; her stuffed panther doll clenched between her small hands. Her dark blonde hair flipped through the air when she whipped her head around and her face brightened when her green eyes fell on the older blond. "Papa!" she shrieked and practically jumped in Draco's arms, forcing him to catch her to prevent her from meeting the floor. "Hello Princess. Have you been a good girl?" Draco smiled as she wrapped her arms around his neck. "I'm always good, Papa!" she protested and squealed when Draco started tickling her sides. When she began squirming too much he placed her back on the floor. "Work done for today?" Harry tilted his head up to accept Draco's kiss. "For today, yes," Draco murmured and slipped his arms around the dark haired wizard's waist. "So what is fun and who gives presents?" he inquired lightly. Harry looked up alarmed and shook his head insistently, but before Draco could question the look, Ianthe chirped brightly, "I want to visit Santa Claus, Papa!" Immediately Draco froze and his husband gave him a resigned look. "You asked," he muttered and shrugged. "How should I have known that?" Draco hissed before he turned around and smiled weakly. "Ianthe, sweetheart, are you sure you want to visit him? It's not that fun, I promise." Like hell was he going through this entire bullshit again. He had already gone through it with his cousin Teddy and heard the aftermath of the second time through his son's story and he was utterly done with the whole nonsense of Santa. There was not going to be a third time, to hell with that. Who knew how much worse the Santa would be now? "But Sarah says it's a lot of fun!" she insisted and a familiar stubborn look dawned upon her face. Draco resisted the urge to groan and hide his face in his hands. Ianthe might have inherited her grace from her grandmother Narcissa, but she had definitely inherited the Potters' stubbornness. It was simply maddening how stubborn his little girl could be once she set her mind on something. "It's not," Scorpius remarked sharply, plopping down on his chair at the kitchen table. "Dad and I went years ago and Santa was nothing but a mean bast-" "Scorpius!" Harry said warningly. "A mean man," Scorpius corrected himself begrudgingly. "You're better off not going, Ianthe." "He's not a mean man," Ianthe retorted petulantly and she crossed her arms; a pout forming on her lips. "Sarah says he's nice and sweet and gives presents! I want a present too!" "The present isn't something you'd like," Scorpius said dismissively. "I didn't like my gift. You can't even choose your own present, you know? He just gives you something and where's the fun in that?" "Looks like Santa hatred runs in the family," Harry muttered underneath his breath but it was just loud enough for Draco to pick it up and he scowled. "We have good reason to dislike him," he retorted with a light sneer and addressed his daughter, "Listen to your brother, Ianthe. Santa is really not that fun." "You don't know that! All my friends say Santa is nice!" Ianthe said and her cheeks started to flush a bright red – a sign she was close to throwing a tantrum. "See, we wouldn't have this problem if we had let her attend classes with a private tutor," Draco told Harry darkly. "Draco, don't even start," Harry growled and his eyes flashed warningly. The blond wizard pursed his lips, but kept quiet; knowing better than to push the issue further. The whole private tutor versus a mixed class with Muggleborns was something they would never really agree on. He thought the argument was in his favour now, though, considering they wouldn't have this discussion about Santa if Ianthe had never heard a Muggleborn talking about that despicable fantasy creature. "Daddy, I really want to see Santa!" Ianthe's lower lip started to tremble and she walked over to Harry to tug at his sweater. "Please, Daddy?" She stared at him with wide, pleading eyes. Harry released a sigh and ruffled her hair gently as he gave her a warm smile. "Your papa and I will think about it, okay?" he said and nudged her to the table. "Now it's time for dinner, sweetie." "But you're going to think about it, okay, Daddy?" Ianthe asked uncertainly; green eyes – a copy of her daddy – shooting back and forth between her parents. "Yes, I promise we'll think about it," Harry replied solemnly and serenely ignored both Draco's and Scorpius' glower. With a silent huff Draco joined his family at the table. Like hell was he going to agree to see that son of a bitch again! Why again had he agreed to this? "Can you at least pretend to be happy?" Harry muttered, squeezing his hand. "Why the hell should I pretend to be happy?" Draco murmured and scowled darkly. A huff of amusement left the dark haired man and he shook his head. "You were the one insisting on joining us," he pointed out calmly. "Because you have a bad track record with this guy!" the blond hissed aggravated. "Who knows what the hell will happen to you if you were here alone with Ianthe!" A platina blonde woman turned around, looking offended at hearing his cursing, but he only glared at her in response and she swiftly turned around again with a huff, pulling her toddler closer to her side. He snorted and rolled his eyes; annoyance brewing inside him. As if her precious angel was paying enough attention to him to have caught the foul words; the brat was jumping up and down, obnoxiously whining about all the presents and candy he wanted Santa to give him. Thank Merlin his daughter was better behaved. Sure, he could do without her stubborn fixation on visiting Santa, but at least she was patiently waiting next to Harry, clutching his hand as her head swivelled back and forth, taking in the various stores. "We're not even in the same mall as the last two times," Harry countered with a sigh. "My luck isn't that bad." "Says you," Draco said darkly and wondered whether he could get away with spelling the bells on those supposed elves silent. The high ringing sound the bells made every time the helpers moved was grating on his nerves. "It'll be fine," Harry said soothingly, but there was a faint trace of uncertainty in his voice and apprehension was lurking in his eyes. He took a deep breath and smiled, nodding to their daughter who was humming a song next to him. "Just – it will make her happy. And it's just this once. It's just because it's something she doesn't know that makes her so interested in it." "I know," Draco sighed and damn it, he couldn't remain mad. Their little girl had looked so happy this morning when she was told that they would go see Santa that he didn't have the heart to try to convince her to leave. Fuck, he really was becoming soft, wasn't he? Just this once , he told himself. She only wants this because it's a novelty. Merlin, the things he did for his family. Fortunately the queue while long did move quickly and soon they were standing at the gate as the woman with her whining son left Santa Claus, which made it their turn now. "And what is your name, sweetie?" a red haired girl dressed as Santa's helper smiled sweetly, bending down slightly so she could look Ianthe in the eye. "Ianthe!" the six year old chirped and she shifted her weight from her left leg to her right, clearly becoming impatient. "What a beautiful name!" the older girl – looking to be in her late teens – praised and clapped her hands; the bells on her hat clashing loudly against each other as she turned her head to look at the man dressed as Santa. "Santa Claus is ready to see you now, Ianthe!" Big, green eyes stared at Harry imploringly and the dark haired man smiled encouragingly, giving her a soft push. "Go on, Santa is waiting, honey." "Okay!" she said excitingly and skipped over to Santa, who heaved her on his lap. "Ho, ho, ho!" Santa exclaimed joyfully, keeping a hand on Ianthe's back to keep her from toppling off his lap. "Have you been a good girl this year, Ianthe?" "Yes!" she stated confidently; her eyes glittering with excitement when she looked up at Santa. Honey brown eyes glanced at the two men waiting at the gate. "Is that true?" Harry chuckled and inclined his head. "She's been a good girl, yes." "Well, good girls get a present from Santa!" the man laughed merrily and bent over to his right, where a large bag was placed. He rummaged through it and when he straightened back up, he was holding a small box in his hand, wrapped in green paper with blue hearts printed on it