A Cowboy Love Story "Dude, we seriously need to get you off of this ranch, and away from that woman," Emmett muttered, removing his hat and swiping his forehead with his arm. I smiled. "Tanya's trying her best," I offered. Emmett snorted. Jasper's lips curled up as he shook his head. "Boy, you know she ain't gonna last out here," he said, his thick southern drawl sounding more pronounced than usual. I sighed. I wanted to believe that he was wrong, but I'd had a gut feeling ever since the first time that Tanya had set foot on my beloved ranch two months ago. "She's a city girl – she don't wanna live in the country." "Why are you wasting your time on someone you know isn't going to be around very long?" Emmett wondered aloud. I shrugged, rolling my shoulders and trying to ease some of the tension there. "It's nice to have a woman around," I answered truthfully. I had been lonely for too long, I thought. I was only twenty six, but I was an old soul. I'd had time to sow my wild oats (as my Momma would say), and I was ready to settle down. I wanted a wife to come home to when the day was over – someone who would be a partner to me, and love me and support the lifestyle I'd chosen, no matter how grueling it could be. I wanted a house full of children who laughed and raised hell and ran me and their momma ragged. I wanted to grow old with someone. My dream was to sit on the front porch, drinking lemonade and holding hands with my wife as we yelled "No!" and "Stop that!" at our children and grandchildren. Emmett just didn't understand. "Yeah, but you need a woman who's going to acclimate to this lifestyle," Jasper pointed out. "Tanya can't stand to be here for longer than thirty minutes at a time." "Seriously, man," Emmett added, nodding emphatically. I grinned at him, then sighed. "It'd be nice if you found a gal who enjoys this life as much as you do." "It would," I agreed. I shook my head. "And with as many women as I've met over the years, you'd think I would've found one by now." "You just ain't lookin' in the right places, son," Jasper said, grinning. "But it's Friday night, so let's get a move on. I'm ready for a nice, cold beer." I couldn't agree more. "Let me run home and shower," Emmett said, hopping down from his perch on the fence. Thank god it was a sturdy one – Emmett was a big guy. "I could do with some freshening up, too," Jasper admitted. "All right. Meet you boys there," I said, nodding at them. I made my way back up to the house and walked right in – I rarely kept the place locked. My property was big, but it was closed off, too. I didn't get visitors often, so I didn't see the need. That was good for me, because it meant that I didn't need to keep track of a set of keys that would be easy to lose and impossible to find. I stripped out of my dirty work clothes and hopped into the shower, thoroughly enjoying the way the hot water was massaging my sore muscles. I enjoyed my work, but it wasn't easy by any means. Most nights I fell into bed exhausted and slept like the dead – but there was nothing like waking up to a beautiful Texas sunrise. My family and friends all shared the same sentiment – we were all Texans, born and raised – and none of us ever felt the need to leave. Tanya, on the other hand, was constantly full of chatter about visiting other places – like New York, Los Angeles, Chicago – you name a big city, and she'd most likely want to go there – as long as it was outside of Texas. I felt sorry for her in a way- it was terrible to be so unsatisfied with your life that you wanted to escape it. There were times when I'd like to get off of the ranch and retreat to the cool of the house, or my parents' house, but never had I ever wanted to move away from Texas. It was where my life was; where my history was, and certainly where my future would be. I turned the shower off, stepped out, and began drying off. I liked Tanya well enough, I thought, but the guys were right. I couldn't see a future with her, so what in the hell was I doing with her? I tried to imagine Tanya in the kitchen, making dinner, and the thought made me snort. She had made it clear from day one that she couldn't even boil water. I tried to imagine her belly swollen with my child, and I had to fight not to gag. Not that we had had sex in the scant two and a half months we'd dated – she'd wanted to, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. I hadn't even really kissed her, for god's sake. I'd given her pecks on the cheek, but that was it. I could tell that it frustrated her, but I couldn't help it, and I wouldn't be pushed faster than I was ready to go. I pulled on my Friday night jeans and a plain blue t-shirt, and then pulled on my socks and boots. I loved my leather boots, but they were more decorative than functional – I preferred my steel-toed boots for every day. I ran my fingers through my hair, trying to flatten it, but as per usual it had a mind of its own. It refused to stay down. I sighed and abandoned hope that it would submit to me – it might if I used hair gel or mousse, but I wasn't about to do that. I sprayed a bit of cologne on and grabbed my keys before making my way out to my truck. The drive to the bar was relatively short, but it gave me enough time to think about what I was going to do about Tanya. Well, I had pretty much already decided to end things with her – I was just trying to figure out how to do it. I'd never broken up with a woman before. Usually they decided that I wasn't worth the trouble, and they just stopped calling and coming around, and I never bothered to call and ask them to come back. I pulled into a parking space and cut the engine, then strode across the parking lot. One glance around the inside of the bar revealed Emmett and Jasper sitting in our usual booth. We'd been occupying that same booth every Friday night for the past five years – it offered the best vantage point in the bar. We could watch the entrance, the bar itself, and the dance floor. The guys seemed to be deep in conversation, but when I had made it about halfway to them, Jasper looked up. The look in his eyes was one of panic – I recognized it because it was the same look he'd worn when one of my bulls had broken loose last August. We'd spent the better part of an hour trying to rein him back in. Emmett turned and met my eyes with his, but he didn't look panicked – instead his look was one of resignation. I wondered briefly what was going on with them, before Emmett's eyes shifted to my right. I stopped in my tracks and turned to see what he was looking at. My first thought was that it was odd to see Tanya in a place like this – a honkytonk bar that was full of men just like me and my friends. I'd invited her twice, and she'd declined to come both times, stating that it just wasn't 'her kind of place.' My second thought was something close to a hallelujah, because I had been presented with an out. She was grinding on Mike Newton, the owner of the local sporting goods supply store. After a moment, his mouth was fused to hers for the second time since I'd walked in. I sighed and made my way over to my friends. "Sorry, man," Emmett said, giving me a sad look. "It's not a big deal," I said, shrugging. Jessica, the waitress who always worked Friday nights and had been asking me out since high school, brought me a beer without my having to order it. It was yet another reason why I loved living here – all the local places knew my usual orders. Jasper studied me in that quietly appraising way of his, and after a moment, he gave a slight nod. "You're better off." He took a pull from his beer. "I really am," I agreed, cracking a smile. Emmett frowned at me. "You sure you're okay?" "In the time it took me to clean up and get over here, I decided that you boys were right – I was just wasting time with her. Still, it was a nice thought." "You'll find someone, man," Emmett reassured me, grinning before taking a drink of his own beer. I turned to Jasper, only to find that he was staring at the front door of the bar. I glanced over to see what he was so focused on, and my breath caught in my throat. They had just come in, and were completely oblivious to the stares they were gathering. The tall blonde woman said something, and they all laughed as they made their way to the bar. Blondie was pretty, but she reminded me of Tanya – she looked too city for my tastes. The smallest of them had short jet black hair. She was pretty enough too – but I only had eyes for the brunette. She was taller than the black-haired girl, but not as tall as the blonde one. She wasn't as skinny as either of them – they looked like they could use a couple dozen sandwiches – but she was perfect . She had curves where a woman should. Her chocolate brown hair fell in waves to the middle of her back, and it was so long that when she threw her head back and laughed, it brushed the top of her jeans. Jeans! Shit… I was in trouble. Her jeans hugged every luscious curve (even though they weren't as tight as Tanya had liked to wear hers). How could one person make you drool and make your mouth feel dry at the same time? But most of all… her face. It was lovely. Even from across the bar I could see big, dark expressive eyes, cupid's bow lips, and a perfect cute little nose, all framed in a heart-shaped face. I turned back to my friends for a minute only to find that they were openly staring. "Jesus, Mary, and Joseph," Jasper swore, not tearing his eyes away from the girls. "Amen," Emmett breathed. I smiled. "See something you like?" I turned back to stare at the girls, only to find that the black-haired one was staring over at us , her mouth open. Before I could say anything, Jasper was out of his seat and walking towards them. I watched with bated breath, hoping that he wasn't going for the brunette. When he smiled at the little black-haired girl, I exhaled slowly. "Apparently you see something you like, too," Emmett observed, his voice full of amusement. "The blonde or the brunette?" "Brunette," I whispered, watching as Jasper leaned in and said something into the littlest woman's ear. Her cheeks turned pink and she smiled up at him. The brunette and the blonde were watching their friend and Jasper with obvious amusement. "Thank God," Emmett said. His relief was obvious. "I