"Let's run it again," Edward demanded, reaching for a bottle of water. Emmett groaned. "Come on, man. Really? We've run it through four times. It sounds great." "No, it doesn't," Edward insisted. He downed half of the water before turning pleading eyes to Jasper, who shrugged. "I promised my girl I'd have dinner with her before we go on," he said. He slid the shoulder strap over his head and rotated his neck, trying to work out the kinks. "We've been rehearsing for two hours, Edward. It's as good as it's going to get for tonight." "I have to eat, man," Emmett said apologetically. "I don't wanna pass out during the show." He stood and shoved his drum sticks into his back pocket. Edward sighed. Those sticks would be broken before the show tonight, because Emmett would undoubtedly forgot that they were in his pocket and sit down on them. "Jake?" Edward turned hopefully. Jake shook his head, and Edward felt his hope evaporate. "Sorry, man. I'm starving. Maybe we should talk to Dennis and see if he can feed us before the shows from now on? Then we wouldn't have to take a break and leave before the show. You know Emmett's always late." "Hey!" Emmett protested. "Yeah, I guess." Edward switched the mic off and placed it back on the stand. "So we're all good on the set list?" Jasper confirmed, stretching. "I think so, but we can go over it before we go on – as long as everyone's back on time," Edward added, looking pointedly at Emmett. Emmett frowned and flipped him off. Jasper smiled and Jake snickered. "I'll be back on time," Emmett promised angrily before stomping off the stage. "Jesus, why'd you have to go and piss him off again, Edward?" "Me? Jake's the one who brought it up." Jake held his hands up. "Don't blame me for telling the truth. I'm out, man. See you guys in an hour." "You want to grab some dinner with me and Ali?" Jasper asked. Edward shook his head. "No, thanks, though. You know I get a nervous stomach. I'll eat after the show. I'm just going to go get some coffee." "Yeah – just stay away from the energy drinks tonight, okay?" Jasper smirked as Edward rolled his eyes. "It was one time, Jas. One time. I learned my lesson after I wasn't able to sleep for almost two days." "Yeah, it was one time, but it was more than one drink." "Get the hell out of here, man. Go meet your girl and have your pre-show make out session." "Don't hate on me and Ali. You'll find a girl one of these days and then you'll be disgusting the hell out of me." "Don't count on it." "I still don't understand why you won't let Ali fix you up with one of her friends. Hell, I don't understand why you haven't called the damned college station to find out who the Duchess actually is, and ask her out." Edward felt his face heat up, and he shrugged. The college station had a Saturday morning show that featured local bands. Edward hadn't missed it since his first year there, and he had just started his fourth and final (if he passed everything he needed to, that is) year. Somewhere in the middle of his second year, the male DJ that was normally on the air during that time was replaced with a female DJ who called herself "The Duchess." Edward had been immediately taken with the silken quality of her voice, and had entertained more than one fantasy about what the woman looked like face to face. She'd become even more special to him when he realized that she was actually playing the single that his band, Eclipsed, had sent out to all of the local stations. So far, the Duchess was the only one playing their music. Not only was the Duchess playing their music, she was actively encouraging people to go to their live shows. Every week she announced the time, location, and cost of all of their upcoming shows. She played at least one of their songs every week, and sometimes she played more than one. All of the guys knew about Edward's fascination with her, and Emmett had even taken it upon himself to send her complimentary tickets that would get her and a friend into any one of their shows, but to Edward's knowledge she'd never used them. She obviously came to shows, though, because often she would comment on their performances. Edward enjoyed listening to her every Saturday, and he'd managed to record every one of her shows since he'd begun listening to her, but he was terrified of actually meeting her. What if she didn't live up to his expectations? He didn't consider himself shallow, but he'd be a liar if he said he wasn't afraid that she might not look the way he'd imagined her all this time. "I'm not really looking for anyone right now," Edward deflected, downing the rest of the water. "That's when it hits you the hardest, man – when you're not looking for it, and not expecting it. I'll see you later." Edward watched him leave, and then released the breath that he hadn't realized he'd been holding. "Are you guys all taking off?" Edward turned and the club owner, Dennis, was standing in the middle of the floor. "Yeah. We'll be back in about an hour – everyone wants to grab something to eat before the show." "I'm glad I caught you. I wanted to invite you and the guys to come back on Wednesday and check out the new girl who's performing. Jasper's girlfriend vouched for her, but I'm a little nervous about it." "What do you mean? Jasper's girlfriend vouched for who?" "She came to sing for me this morning," Dennis said, folding his arms across his chest. "Jesus Christ, this girl can sing ." "I'll bet she's easy on the eyes, too, huh Dennis?" Edward smirked. Dennis was a good guy, but he was a sucker for a pretty face. "Fucking beautiful. At least, I think so. Anyway, Jasper's girl wants the place done in the style of one of those old supper clubs, and since I don't typically get a lot of business on Wednesday nights, I told her to knock herself out. She's gonna show up early with some friends and help set up." "So why are you telling me this?" "You guys are my biggest money makers on the weekends," Dennis began. "But during the week, I'm pretty much dead. I'd like to have some people here, so the girls don't feel like they've wasted their time. I think this girl's gonna be big, Edward. I just want to give her the chance." Edward stared at him. Lots of people had played in Dennis' bar over the years, but he'd never heard him tout someone else's talents like this before. "Uh, yeah. I mean, I'll have to check with the guys, but I'm pretty sure I can be here." "I'll comp dinner for you guys, and your girls too, if you want to come and bring them. I won't comp anybody else, but tell everyone you know and try to drum up some business for me, will you?" "Yeah, sure. What kind of music is it, again?" "I'm hard pressed to label her. She sang three different songs for me, each one a different style. She's blues, jazz, soul – the only way I know to accurately describe her voice is smoky. Thanks, man. I'll see you later. Good luck tonight." Edward stared after him as he walked away. Jesus. If this girl was beautiful and had such a killer voice, Edward wouldn't be able to stay away from her. That scared him. He'd found Victoria and Tanya both that way, and it hadn't ended well in either situation for him. Victoria was the singer in a metal band, and Edward had been drawn to her immediately. He'd gone to one show with Jake, and they'd screwed backstage while the next band performed. The sex was okay enough, and certainly Edward had enjoyed the thrill of doing it just behind the curtain to live music, but when they'd actually tried to talk to one another, Victoria had bored the ever loving hell out of him. She'd obviously known who he was beforehand and had thought that being publicly linked to him would help advance her own career. After he'd told her that he didn't want to see her again, she'd stalked him. He'd actually had to take out a restraining order on her. Tanya was no less crazy, but she was smart enough that she hadn't been caught. He got the feeling that she still followed him around from time to time, but he'd never been able to prove it. He'd seen her on stage at a local bar after his stint with Victoria, and her fake tits and bottle-blonde hair had made her an appealing contrast to Victoria's small chest and fire engine red hair. Tanya was the lead singer for the band The Denalis, who were an industrial cover band. Edward felt, in retrospect, that that should have been a big red flag for him. He hated cover bands as a rule, and wouldn't have gone to see one in the first place, except that that night's planned band had cancelled for whatever reason. The Denalis had been available at a moment's notice – and Edward understood why, after seeing the performance. They were horrible. Tanya was possibly the only talent they actually had, and even she realized that her voice was being wasted with them. She'd cornered Edward at the bar and then fucked him in the hallway that led to the bathrooms. If he hadn't been so damned drunk, he would've known better. At least Tanya had been able to carry on a decent conversation, even if she had been mostly talking about herself. Edward had put up with her clingy ways and her incessant talking for six months, and then one morning, he'd woken up and asked himself what the hell he was doing with her. Even the sex with Victoria had been better than what it was with Tanya, and he had been getting sex less and less frequently as the months had worn on. In fact, he couldn't remember the last time they'd actually had sex. It had been harder to break things off with Tanya, because she wouldn't just take a pat answer when she'd asked why. He told her that he needed sex more often, the sex was terrible with her, and he just didn't want a girlfriend at the moment. She'd thrown several books at his head, and then threw a book through his flat screen TV. It was almost worth it just to be rid of her, he'd thought. His mind snapped back to the present and he realized he'd walked six blocks without being conscious of it. He shook his head to clear the fog from it and crossed the street to enter the coffee shop he'd apparently been heading to. After he was sitting down with his drink (and had checked his watch, just to be sure that he had time to relax), he let his mind wander a little. If he was being honest, he was jealous of Jasper's relationship with Alice. Jasper and Alice had gone to middle school and high school together, and they'd gotten their own apartment when they'd both been accepted to the same university. They'd been together for going on seven years now, and Jasper was planning on proposing any day now. Alice was supportive of Jasper's music, and even though she could be clingy at times, she seemed to deal with the groupie situation with grace and aplomb. Her presence seemed to have a calming effect on Jasper, too. He was the only band member that