Reflections of Summer Twilight Non-Canon Fanfic Contest - earned Judge's Choice :) Pen Name: EdwardsMate4ever Twitter handle: n/a Facebook: Edwards Mateforever Title: Adopt a Dog Non-Canon Pairing: Seth/Emmett Word Count: 5,620 Warnings (if necessary): No touchy subjects are covered, just boy love. Summary: At the annual Pit Bull Adoption Fair, shy Seth is in charge of the older dogs, which are notoriously difficult to find homes for. When a hot guy takes an interest in his favorite dog, will Seth be bold enough to make a move? The truth is, I hate puppies. I know, I know, I'm probably the only person in the world that can't stand them. Hyperactive, sloppy piss-buckets, that's what they are. Give me an old, faithful, reliable dog any day. Trouble is, very few people share my opinion. That's why Alice's station with all the adorable baby pit bulls is a mob scene, and my station with all the displaced pit bulls over the age of six is practically deserted. I try not to be discouraged, reminding myself that this is the way it goes every year. Our rescue organization acquires older pit bulls all the time, mostly because families move to a place that won't accept "bully" breeds, or, with the economic crisis, they can no longer keep up with the cost of owning a dog. Unfortunately, the general public has this idea that all older pit bulls in shelters must be mean dogs—former fighters or guard dogs—which couldn't be further from the truth. But the breed is vilified in the press, and the press informs the public, so every year on adoption day, my poor old dogs sit in my fenced-in area, looking longingly at the people passing them by without a second glance. Most of my charges are males, which are even harder to place. They are used to being ignored by pretty much everyone except me, so they seem content to just bask in the late July sun, glad to be free of the kennels for a while. As I watch the people pass us by from my little metal stool, which is warming up to an uncomfortable temperature as noon approaches, my favorite girl sidles up to me and rests her large head on my knee. I scratch her between the ears, and she whuffs with pleasure, closing her eyes and leaning into my touch, her tail wagging rapidly. Xena is a breeding female we rescued from a puppy mill, which means she was kept in a cramped cage almost constantly, forced over and over to carry and birth litter after litter. She has huge, tough nipples and a haggard look to her to prove it. You would never know that she rarely had contact with humans from her disposition. She is just about the sweetest thing I've ever known, and she definitely occupies a soft spot in my heart that she makes herself cozy in. Unfortunately, her age makes her virtually unadoptable. At eight years old, she doesn't have much longer to live. Larger dogs rarely live past ten, twelve if they are really lucky. It is just the fact of dog life expectancy, but it still hurts to think about. There is nothing I want more than for Xena to know the love of a family and the comfort of a home before her life comes to a close. I am pulled from my musings by a deep, booming voice, trying to get my attention. "Hello?" There is a towering hulk of a man standing in front of me, waving a hand in front of my face to get my attention. I blink my eyes a few times and refocus on this person. I am struck by how attractive he is—dark, curly hair cropped close on his head, piercing ice-blue eyes, and a wide grin showing off perfectly straight teeth. His plain white t-shirt clings to his muscle-bound chest with sweat from the heat, his biceps pushing against the tight sleeves to the point of splitting. His torso narrows delightfully to taut hips and thighs encased in a pair of cargo shorts. He is an imposing figure, a dominating force. I break into a sweat as my cock twitches at the sight of him, and I'm suddenly grateful for the hot summer sun to act as a cover. He leans in closer, examining my name tag. "Seth, is it?" I gather myself together and try not to give myself away. "Yeah. Sorry, I was miles away." "No kidding," he says with a laugh. "The puppies are that way," I say, pointing over to Alice's station, where her dogs are playfully yipping and tumbling over each other. He looks over and shakes his head. "Not interested in that." I raise an eyebrow in disbelief. "Are you sure? I would've thought a guy like you would want a puppy." He frowns slightly. "A guy like me?" "Yeah, you know, so you can train it to guard your house or something." His frown deepens. "What do I look like? Some kind of asshole?" Oh shit, I've insulted him. Classic Seth foot-in-mouth disease. "No, uh, I…" I stammer. He crosses his beefy arms over his broad chest. "Looks aren't everything, kid." Now it's my turn to frown. "I'm not a kid. I'm twenty—I just look young for my age." "My point exactly." "Sorry," I say with sincerity. His face softens and the big smile returns. "Don't worry about it. So, what can you tell me about her?" I fill him in on Xena's details as he gets down on his knees and offers his closed fist for her to sniff. She checks him out and immediately licks him. He chuckles and scratches her under the chin. She gets up and moves closer to him, her tail wagging so hard that it feels like a beating as it slaps against my leg. I'm forgotten as the two of them get to know each other. I watch their interaction after I've told him her history. He gives her belly rubs and gets down on the ground with her. They rough house a bit, Xena mouthing his arm gently. Most people would be fearful of that, but this guy just laughs and wrestles with her. If he wants her, I know she would be happy with him. It's a bittersweet realization. I turn to look at my other dogs to give them a bit of privacy. Eventually, he gets up and comes over to me, Xena following close behind. "So, Seth, what do I have to do to take her home?" "Are you sure? She's eight." I can't believe what I'm saying. I want Xena to have a home. Why am I sowing the seed of doubt in his mind? "I don't care how old she is. She's a big lovebug. Every dog deserves a comfortable place to live." I nod, smiling tightly, and will myself not to cry. I really love Xena and will hate to see her go, but at the same time, I'm happy for her. I reach over and grab a clipboard with an adoption form attached and hand it to him. "Just fill this out and bring it over to the admin table. Our people will call you in a few days to vett you." "Vett me?" he asks with a chuckle, looking up from the form through his lashes. I smile more genuinely. "Yeah, just to make sure she'll be going to a safe place with plenty of space, things like that." "Should I be worried?" He actually does look worried. "Nah, you'll do great. I can tell you'll be a great pet parent." He looks back down at the form as he completes it. I peek at his name. Emmett McCarty. It suits him. He stands up once the form is completed and gives Xena another pat on the head. I join him, scratching her chin the way she likes. "I'll miss this old girl, though, so take good care of her, okay?" My voice wavers more than I would have liked it to. Emmett looks in my eyes very seriously. I feel my knees weaken under the intensity of his gaze, and I'm glad I'm sitting down. "I will. I promise." With that, he kneels down and gives Xena a hug and a belly rub, then retreats to the admin tent, paperwork in hand. As soon as he is out of earshot, Alice is by my side, literally bouncing in place on the soles of her feet. "Oh my God , Sethie! He is dreamy!" "Yeah," I admit, my gaze still on his hulking form. "Did you do anything? Give him your number?" "No! Just helped him adopt my favorite girl." She rolls her eyes and puts her hands on her hips. "You nerd. He was totally making eyes at you!" Now it was my turn to roll my eyes. "No way, Ali. You're crazy." "Seth, I swear, you have no idea how adorable you are. That guy would've totally jumped your bones." "Shut up," I whine, playfully shoving her jutting hip. "You know I'm not on the lookout for a date. I like things the way they are." "Seth, you can't be alone forever." "I'm not alone. You're constantly buzzing in my ear!" She smirks, but stops needling me about dating. It's not that I don't want a boyfriend; I'm just really shy when it comes to talking to guys, and not at all confident in my self-worth. I've only had one boyfriend before, but that was in high school. While I lost my virginity to him and I thought I loved him, when he went off to college, he dropped me like I was old news. I was wary to get into something new when my heart was broken so badly only two years ago. I was just starting to feel like I was worthy of love again, and I didn't want to rush into anything. Besides, there's no way that man is gay; Alice had to be seeing what she wants to see, as was usual for her. She leans down to hug me. "Sorry about Xena," she whispers in my ear. "Don't be," I say, pulling back to look fondly at the dog. "I love her, but I'm happy she'll have a forever home now. She deserves it." ~AAD~ It has been a week since Xena left the shelter with Emmett. I made sure to take a personal day when she left—I knew I wouldn't be able to watch my favorite girl walk out of my life. The days that followed were painful as I walked by her empty cage, and I struggled to remind myself that she was happy now; she had a home with a caring owner. It was the best possible outcome for her, but my heart still ached. When I came in today, Gianna, our phone operator, stopped me as soon as I walked in the door. "Seth, you got a call this morning." "Who from?" I couldn't imagine who would call me there. My family lives several states away, and all of my friends work at the shelter. "An Emmett McCarty. The one that adopted Xena? He's having trouble with her." Immediately, my heart sank. He changed his mind; Xena would have to come back. As much as I would be glad to see her, sadness filled me at the thought of her coming back to the cold, lonely cell. "What sort of trouble?" "He didn't know," Gianna said. "She just seems kind of listless, I guess. Mr. McCarty asked for someone to come to his house and check her out. He mentioned that you seemed to know her well." So that is how I wound up standing on Emmett's front stoop. His house is small, one story, a classic ranch. His yard is fenced in and the back looks like it's probably pretty big. I smile, knowing that Xena has a lot of space to run free