Staring at the envelope lying on the coffee table, Eren had no words to say. She couldn't even breathe, for if she did this dream would leave her behind. A letter addressed to her, something she knew what was inside but couldn't accept it. Not at all. Not if she had to come out of hiding. The envelope read: Ms. E. Wolf The Little Wolfen Garden 15, Griffin Road Moonbright She knew what was on the back of it, there was a wax seal that had a Lion, Snake, Badger, and an Eagle that surrounded an H. It was from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. A school for young witches and wizards of her age to go get practice and learn multitude of other things. Her parents had at least told her that. That was all she knew. But her parents had said it'd come when she was eleven, not fifteen. Strange, she thought. She figured what it was saying, that she was welcomed at the school and a list of school supplies. Something she didn't have money for either, unless her parents left her something. She doubted that. Considering her parents weren't rich or anything. But they weren't muggles either. She didn't know why magick folk called them that. It sounded like an insult, of course they wouldn't know that. They'd just wonder what a muggle was. Funny though, was that whenever Eren said something like that here in town. Everyone would just put it off, like they didn't hear her. Eren was sure that her parents had put some spell on her before they died, so that nothing would happen to give her spot away. She picked up the envelope carefully, as if it was about to explode and some curse would kill her. Although, she knew that no one would tamper with this type of letter. Or else they'd feel the wrath of whoever wrote it. Eren was sure that no one would want that. Some random wizard or witch on their trail, hunting them down and cursing them. Of course, nowadays using a curse to kill someone was illegal. So a good witch or wizard wouldn't go and do something like that. Unless they wanted to go against the Ministry of Magick, and have them on their own trail. Although, the Ministry of Magick wasn't that very interesting. At least Eren thought so, because they couldn't protect her parents at all from being murdered. Or her parent's friends, the Potter's. They couldn't even protect them either, the whole family died. At least she thought so, she didn't hear anything about anyone surviving the night that Voldemort came to their house. So she had to assume that everyone died, even her childhood friend Harry Potter. It was such a sad thing. Her only friend, and he was killed. That was why she'd get into trouble with some of the townsfolk, she wouldn't listen to any of their rules. Even though she'd sometimes end up in what they call their jail. Of course, it wasn't her fault. Not all the time, anyway. She wondered what would happen if she did happen to open that envelope. Would fireworks suddenly go off? She doubted that. But, what would happen though? Would she feel happy about it or would she feel sad about it? She didn't have a clue. Turning the envelope around in her hands, she suddenly felt special. Even though she knew that most likely every child who had some magical qualities would have gotten one. She wasn't special, not at all. No, she lied. She was special, except no one knew that. Even the headmaster probably didn't, whoever they were. Looking on the back of the envelope, she could see the symbol that represented the school on the back. She wanted to open the envelope, but she couldn't leave her place of hiding. Just in case someone still wanted her dead. But, she wanted to at least see what the letter would say. Using her forefinger, she opened the envelope. Revealing a white letter, which Eren pulled out slowly. When the letter was out in the open, she laid down the envelope next to her. Opening the letter, she could see what it read. Dear Ms. Wolf, We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress After Eren read the letter, she was ecstatic. She didn't think that she'd actually get into the school. Not even by a long shot. Course, when her parents were alive, they were great teachers so she didn't exactly have to go to school either. Least, before they died. Maybe she could learn some more interesting things about magick she might not have known. Moving the letter away, she noticed that there was a second piece of parchment paper. She guessed that it had to be the list of school supplies that she'd need. She looked down at it. School Supplies: Uniform: Three sets of plain black robes One pointed black hat Winter coat Pair of protective Gloves (dragon hide or similar) Books: The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 5 by Miranda Goshawk Other Equipment: 1 Wand 1 Set of glass or crystal phials 1 Cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 Telescope 1 Set of Brass scales Student may bring a owl, cat, or toad Interesting, she thought. She was never a fan of toads, unless it was from a romantic story. Course, most romantic stories never had toads. She didn't have a owl either. To say have a cat, well, cat's weren't really a fan of her. She wouldn't mind having a owl, but she'd rather of taken her pet that she already had now. His name was Fenrir, yes, an interesting name from Norse mythology. Of course, she didn't name him that. She was told in a dream the night before he came into her life. He was actually part wolf, something that shouldn't have happened in Ireland. Because everyone knows that there's no wolves in Ireland, or Scotland. Not even in England. Except if it was in a zoo though. Muggles thought it would be cool to keep animals locked up in cages, to look at them and tapping on the glass to get their attention. Don't they know that those animals would rather be set free and live in the wild? Although, zoos were also a great idea for another reason. It would keep endangered creatures safe from being hunted down like all the others. That was the only reason why Eren liked zoos, was that they kept endangered creatures there and would try to make more to help that certain species thrive. But, sometimes it just wouldn't work out. She knew that the zoo in England probably had a few wolves, but there weren't any zoos in Ireland. So it was strange when Fenrir came into her life. But, she was thankful he did. He saved her life when he came. She was being attacked, and he came from out of nowhere and attacked whatever was attacking her. That was three years ago, and he's been with her ever since. And she was glad for it. Without him being here for those three years, she'd probably would have been dead before her sixteenth birthday. Common for someone her age in hiding. At least that's what she thought. All the townsfolk knew of Fenrir, they thought it had been a miracle that he came into her life. Apparently a few hundred years ago, the townsfolk of Moonbright, Ireland were saved by an animal that went by the name of Fenrir. The story is too old for most to remember the details, but they were being plagued by something killing off people of the small town. When suddenly out of the blue, a large creature appeared and fought off whatever it was and saved the town. It was rumored (through the story), that the creature could speak in the human tongue and told the townsfolk of it's name and the purpose it came to help them. Nowadays though, no one remember's the purpose of what that creature had told the townsfolk. Not even the elders of the town, because when Eren would mention the story, they'd often tell her that their parents didn't even know it. So it was still a mystery of how and why Fenrir came to her. Eren wasn't really special. Sure she knew complicated spells and could shapeshift into an animal, but her parents had taught her that. Of course, Eren knew that she was probably the only girl in the whole wizarding world that had done that kind of stuff at a young age. The sound of a loud bark broke her away from her thoughts, and so she stood up from her seat. Walking away from the chair in the corner, she walked over to her screen door to see Fenrir standing near the back gate. Apparently barking at something in the woods. Suddenly a flash of a figure came out of the forest, and she pulled her wand from her hair. Making her hair fall down. Opening the screen door, she walked out and stood in a stance with her wand out in front of her. "Fenrir!" She yelled out to him, trying to call him over. Fenrir stopped barking, and looked back at her. Eren could clearly see a small smirk upon his lips, despite the fact he was an animal Fenrir was quite smart and could understand what she said. He turned around and galloped over to her. The shadow moved again from the edge of her sight, and she turned slightly to see it come over her fence. Eren knew that whatever it was was here for her, and her alone. Pointing her wand, Eren yelled "Stupefy!" Whatever it was, her spell didn't seem to faze it. Then she yelled "Reducto!" That's when whatever was coming toward her was blasted away towards the back fence, and fell to the ground. She could suddenly feel Fenrir's presence next to her, calming her down. She was glad that Fenrir was outside when he was, or else she might have been dead. Turning her thoughts back to the strange creature, she decided to walk over to it. Considering it was on the ground, she assumed it was unconscious, but she still had to be careful of what it may be. "Fenrir, protect my back and stay by my side." Eren said quietly underneath her breath, so that only Fenrir could hear her with his ears. She jumped off her porch, and carefully walked over to the black figure. Once she was close enough, she could tell that it was human. All dressed in black. The human was a young male, he seemed to be around her age. But she couldn't tell, unless she wanted to unmask him. All of a sudden it felt like she was in a mystery story, about to unmask the villain. Back to reality though, there was a young man in her backyard. Crouching down next to him, she moved her hand over to his wrist and felt for a pulse. Making sure that he was truly still alive. She didn't know what to do next after that. "Fenrir, what should I do now? I have no clue who he is or why he's doing here?" Eren asked the large black dog who was watching the young man. Fenrir looked over at Eren and huffed out a puff of air, as if he needed to do all the work. "Tie him up and drag him into the house?" Eren suggested. Fenrir looked between Eren and the man, and nodded his head towards the idea. Eren might not have known if he could talk human speak, but at