Heeeeeey! Here it is! Don't worry, every OC I use will have their own P.o.V. I just didn't start off with them, yet. CJ - Camp Half-Blood Your life is about to become a living Tartarus. That was all I was told before I was whisked into a world of psycho-monster-killer-dudes and guys-with-super-powers. Well.. no one actually told me that up front, but it was kind of implied. Of course, you normal people would probably use something like "hell" or "nightmare", but see, I'm the opposite of normal. I'm a demigod. Let me start off with an introduction. Hi, I'm Cole Jackson Wallace, my friends call me CJ. I'm about six foot two with short, dark brown hair and bright blue eyes. I have ADHD and dyslexia, and I live in Aspen, Colorado. My dad is apparently the "god of poetry and stuff" or whatever, and now, here I am, fourteen hundred miles away from home at some camp for ADHD and dyslexic freaks like me. I'm not usually this mean and cranky, but I'm just a little pissed off at my dad deciding to show up today after missing the last seventeen years of my life. So... yeah. My mom is currently missing in action somewhere in Europe, and I was staying with my grandmother. When she was nowhere to be found when the creepy vampire girl attacked, I did what any normal person would do! I ran! I took off, then ran into some dark alley, and fought it with a broken butter knife and the lid of a trash can. Mind you, it's long gone now, but I decided to go back to my house after that, and little did I know that right then and there my life would change forever... So there I was, sitting in my closet holding the small pocket knife my mother gave me before she was deployed, when a knock sounded on my door. The next thing I did was very brave (and stupid). I crept down the stairs and peered out the window, only to see a good-looking guy about my age. Now (I swear) I'm straight, but this guy was good-looking. He had short blonde hair and blue eyes that were similar to mine. The guy had a nice tan. He looked like he worked out regularly and spent his life sitting in the sun (hence the tan). Ha, if only I knew! I cautiously opened the door, peering around the side of it. "Hey!" the boy said. "Um... this is gonna be really hard to explain, so let's start walking." He gestured for me to walk out the door. Now, I don't know about you, but when I was just attacked by a vampire and then some random guy about my age shows up at my door, I'm not one to immediately follow him out. "Um... excuse me, but do I know you?" I asked. He chuckled softly. "Something like that. I'm your dad, Cole." I felt my world spinning around and around. My dad. My dad was the same age as me. My dad decided to show up now, right after vampires attacked my house. "My... dad," I said, unconvinced. "Look, Cole, this is going to be extremely hard to explain. We seriously need to get you to camp." I stared at him uncomprehendingly. "Um... so if you're really my dad, then why do you choose to show up now?" "Oh dear," he said, looking at the sky. "Any help, dad? Any at all? No? Okay... what about you, sis'? You too? Alright." I was seriously thinking this guy had lost it until an orange Ferrari flew out of the sky and landed on the grass, melting the snow around it. Well... actually, I was thinking more along the lines of 'Run! It's raining orange sports cars!,' but apparently my "dad" had other plans. He opened the door and climbed into the driver's seat. Now I was thinking that I had lost it. At least it made more sense than the freaky vampire lady, so why should I not follow my supposed seventeen year old dad into the orange Ferrari that fell out of the sky? So likewise, I jumped into the shotgun seat. "So erm... dad... care to explain any of this?" I asked. He took a deep breath. "Well CJ, this is going to be... strange." "Really?" I asked sarcastically. "What could be stranger than a Ferrari falling from the sky?" "The Greek gods are real," he blurted out, turning the ignition on. If today had been a normal day, I would've laughed, but so far, it made more sense than flying Ferrari's and vampires. "Um... I don't believe you," I replied stupidly. "You will soon," he said and, stepping on the gas pedal, took off into the sky. "OH MY GOD!" I exclaimed as wind whipped at my hair. "Gods," Ferrari-boy corrected. "Okay... erm, oh my... gods?" I tried. "Atakid," he said. "Now... tell me more about this 'Greek gods' subject." "Well, for starters, I'm one of them. I'm Apollo, god of music, the sun, poetry, and a lot of other things," the boy said. I stared at him, trying to comprehend it all. "Okay um... your majesty." Apollo chuckled. "No need for that, just call me 'dad.'" "Alright dad," I said, "why are we in a flying Ferrari?" "A flying Fer- oh yeah!" Apollo exclaimed like he had forgotten. "This, my son, is the sun chariot." "So... you're driving the sun?" I asked. "Yup," he replied, popping the 'P.' "The sun." "The sun," he said, sounding annoyed. "Like... the su-" "Yes, the sun!" he exclaimed. "How is it not burning us?" I asked. "The Mist is a powerful thing," dad said. "Well that clears it up," I said, making sure to put as much sarcasm as possible into my voice. "We'll be at camp soon. Since we normally start in the east, I have to make a quick detour to get you to camp and- ah! Here we are!" He steered the flying car down onto a hill. When he landed, I took in the scenery around me. It was beautiful to say the least. There were many different-looking buildings, maybe cabins of some sort? There was an enormous climbing wall with lava pouring down close near the "cabins." Miles and miles of woods spread out in the distance, and near those was a crystal clear lake. Near the edge of the woods was what looked like stables for horses, and I saw a large circular arena, too. I noticed a pavillion with many different tables and a four-story building in the midst of it all. All-in-all, it was your average extremely dangerous summer camp. "Alright, here's your stop," my dad said. "Head over to the big building and Chiron will explain everything to you. I'll claim you in front of everyone later tonight." "Bye uh... dad," I said. "Bye uh... son," he said, mimicking what I had just said. "Okay... seeya," I said with an awkward wave. "Oh, wait!" he exclaimed. "I almost forgot!" He fumbled around in the glove compartment of his flying car (that still doesn't sound real) and finally pulled out a small leather pouch. He tossed it to me. "Use it wisely." He winked and gave a bright (see what I did there?) grin, then flew off. I stuck the pouch in my pocket without giving it a second thought. Recap of my day: My grandmother, Lilandra Cooper goes missing. Creepy vampire lady attacks my house, then my "dad" claiming to be the sun god takes me to a super dangerous camp in an orange Ferrari. Just another day in the Wallace household! That was my mom's favorite saying before she... well, um... went MIA. I stepped up onto the porch to find a bearded man in a small electric wheel chair sitting next to a man who looked to be in his mid-thirties. "Hi um... I'm looking for Chiron?" I said, but it came out as more of a question. The man in the wheel-chair raised hand. "That would be me." "Okay so," I started, "I know you're not gonna believe any of this but..." I told them everything that had happened to me today, and the weird thing was, the man didn't once stop and call me crazy or tell me to check into an asylum. He actually listened very intently. "Well- what's your name?" the man asked me. "Cole Jackson Wallace, but everyone calls me CJ," I replied. "Well, CJ, it seems your father, Apollo, has already explained everything to you. Yes, the Greek gods are real and yes, everything is going to seem very strange for the next week or so," Chiron explained, "But you're just going to have to cope with it all. But for now, I'd like you to meet someone." He gestured to the other man, who had remained silent the entire time. I hadn't even taken a second glance at him. He was wearing a black t-shirt that said something about Batman, and ripped, black jeans. He had a pale complexion and long black hair that nearly fell over his eyes. "Hey, I'm Nico di Angelo. I'm the activities director here at Camp Half-Blood," he said, sticking out his hand to shake. I shook. "CJ," I said. This guy seemed like he could beat the crap out of me at any second. Everything about him screamed, 'I can murder you with the flick of my finger.' "Nico is immortal," Chiron explained. "After our old activities director, Mr. D, left, Nico here was granted immortality by his father as long as he agreed to work here." "That old slob..." Nico muttered. Thunder rumbled in the distance. "S-so you live f-forever?" I asked, trying to wrap my mind around it. Nico chuckled and stretched our his arms. "It gets old sometimes, but I like giving advice to the younger campers. And of course, I can always fade." "Cole-" Chiron began. "Please sir, CJ is fine." "Okay CJ, why don't you head over to your cabin? It's cabin seven," he said. "Yes sir," I said, and turned in the direction of the many different cabins. My eyes finally settled on one that gleamed in the sunlight- so much that it looked like it was made of solid gold. I ran up the small steps in the front and into the door, to find a variety of different girls and boys inside. A lot of them were similar-looking to me: same height, same build, same eyes. I could see the resemblance to Apollo in each and every one of them. A girl who was chewing gum walked up to me. She was had a skinny build with dark brown hair and dark blue eyes. She was maybe... six foot? Five nine? She looked fit, and (like Nico) also like she could beat the crap out of me just by looking at me. Funny, seems like everyone at this camp has been like that so far. She was wearing an orange t-shirt that read "Camp Half-Blood", but "Half-Blood" looked to be in Greek. "I'm Amanda, the counselor for cabin seven," she said, popping a bubble with her gum. "No, she's sassy pants!" a boy yelled. "Can it, Davis!" she yelled back. "Yes ma'am!" he yelled with a salute. She turned her gaze back to me. "Who are you?" "Cole, but call me CJ," I replied. "Well, CJ, let's get you settled in," she replied. I didn't have any bags, so I followed her through the cabin. She lead me to a bunk. "This is where you'll sleep." "Um... thanks," I said. She grinned, blowing another bubble, which popped and stuck around her mouth. "Don't mention it. Look, we all have been in your position. It's tough, but don't worry. You get used to it." I was about to tell her that that really didn't help with my anxiety at all, but she turned around and