New story, because I deleted a lot of the ones that I failed. Flowers was similar to this, but I rushed it... a lot. Anyways, this one is from Annabeth's P.o.V. Here goes nothing! Chapter 1: Hi, I'm Annabeth It had been almost three whole years since I had seen my best friend, Thalia Grace. In person, of course. We used to go to a school on Long Island together, but she moved away to some island called Ogygia. It was a beautiful island (she sent me pictures) somewhere off the coast of the Bahamas. That all changed today. After a ton of convincing, my dad had finally relented- I would go to boarding school with my best friend. I would stay with Thalia and her brother, Jason. I was excited beyond belief! Thalia had been my best friend since I was seven, and when she moved away, I was crushed. Back at Alfred High, our old school, she, Luke, and I were the best of friends. When she moved away after eighth grade, Luke asked me out. We dated for a good three years and my last year at Alfred, I caught him cheating on me with a girl named Leila. I realized that I really didn't have feelings for him, it was more brotherly-sisterly. I wasn't even sad that we broke up- I was sad that he went behind my back and betrayed me. Then there's the best part: no more Helen! Helen is my "evil" step-mother, who's not exactly evil but just mean and annoying nowadays. Enough with the sob stories, my plane's landing in five minutes! Whoop whoop! The girl next to me shuddered. I assessed her appearance. She had curly, cinnamon-colored hair. Her eyes- they were a strange golden color. She had dark skin and was average height, although I couldn't tell because she was sitting down. She looked about my age. She was pretty, but not the kind of super-makeup-I'm-gonna-sleep-with-the-next-guy-I-see kind of pretty. "Y'alright?" I asked. "Yeah," she replied. "Just not a big fan of flying." I nodded, thought flying had never really bothered me. "My name's Annabeth. Annabeth Chase," I said. She smiled nervously. "Hazel Levesque." She stuck out her hand and we shook. "Are you here for any particular reason?" I asked. "Yeah, actually. I'm going to school with my boyfriend," she replied. "Really? I'm going to school, too. What school?" "Um... Seal Beach, I think?" I gasped. "So am I!" She smiled at me. "It's a small world after all." "Attention passengers, we are beginning our descent to the island," the flight attendant said over the intercom. "It's about two p.m. Eastern Time, eighty-three degrees, and partly cloudy. We thank you for choosing Olympus Airlines and hope you have enjoyed your flight. Please fasten your seat belts, and welcome to Ogygia." Hazel and I both fastened our seat belts as the plane descended through the clouds. As soon as it came into view, I realized that the island was much more beautiful in person, even from here, thousands of feet above it. The water was gorgeous; crystal clear and a sort of turquoise-ish color. I could see sandy beaches and a medium-sized mountain on the far-side of the island. It wasn't a volcano (atleast I didn't think it was a volcano). There were miles and miles of beautiful green forests, and a town close to the very center. All-in-all, it was like a modern day Garden of Eden. And I would be living in it for the next year. The landing gear was deployed as we got even closer to the ground. I finally spotted runways, and a couple minutes later we landed on one. Next to me, Hazel let out a deep breath. I chuckled. "Hey!" she said, slapping me playfully in the arm. "What? It was funny! I'm not afraid of flying, but I am afraid of spiders," I said. She nodded. "Well if we ever meet again, I'll be sure to bring a spider with me." I involuntarily shuddered, then said, "Who's your boyfriend?" "Frank Zhang." The name sounded familiar... maybe Thalia had mentioned him when we video-chatted? Thalia occasionally talked about her friends. She had mentioned two boys- her cousins- named Percy and Nico. From what I'd heard, Nico was a walking corpse and Percy was a human fish. She had also said something about a girl named Katie and a guy named... Hunter? No... Connor? I know he had a brother, Travis... and some joker named Leo- argh! It's all too confusing, and I'll probably be meeting them some time soon, anyways. "Well, Annabeth," Hazel said as we struggled to get our suitcases out of the overhead compartment. "I hope we meet again at school." "Yeah, just don't bring any spiders," I commanded. She laughed. "I'm not too fond of spiders, myself." "I hate spiders with a passion," I said. "Once, my annoying brothers, Bobby and Matthew, dumped a bucket of baby spiders on my bed while I was asleep. Let's just say I woke up the neighbors with a scream that could've shattered a wine glass." Hazel laughed harder. "I've had my share of annoying brothers. I'll be staying with my brother, Nico di Angelo." "Woah... my friend Thalia mentioned a Nico. Is your Nico perhaps a walking corpse?" She looked at me funny, and for a second I thought I was wrong, until she replied, "That's an understatement. I'm his half-sister from our dad's side. He did have a full-sister, but she died a few years back. I'd never met her, though. Anyways, they say before that he was the most annoyingly optimistic kid you'd ever meet, but now he's all sullen." I nodded. Thoughtfully. "My brother, Malcolm, disappeared after my mom died. No one's seen him since." "Well look at that, Annabeth. We've just met and we're already having deep conversations with each other." I smiled. Maybe I had made a new friend. OUTSIDE THE AIRPORT I was sitting on a bench in the warm, island air, looking for my ride. Hazel and I had parted ways at the baggage claim, but not after exchanging phone numbers. Finally, a black pickup truck pulled up, and my best friend got out. Thalia Grace was simply punk. She had short black hair with blue highlights. She normally dressed in black, but now I see that she had upgraded to black and silver. She had electric blue eyes, like her father. Thalia was the kind of girl who could either make you cry or make you laugh just by looking at you. Her glare was the scariest thing imaginable (no joke). "Annabeth!" she exclaimed, running towards me. She hugged me so tight I thought that my ribs would crack. "You're late, Thals," I scolded. "Maybe you're just early," she replied. I frowned. "Nope... I'm pretty sure you're late." She rolled her eyes. "Some things never change. Come on!" she grabbed my arm. "I want to introduce you to my friends!" "Oh, I almost forgot! Do you know a guy named Frank Zhang?" I asked. She stopped. "Yeah. He lives next door to me." "Oh... well I met his girlfriend on the plane." "Cool," she said. "She's also Nico di Angelo's half-brother." "Woah," she replied. "I guess that makes her my... half-cousin? Something like that." As I walked up to the car, another person got out. "Hi, Jason," I said, giving him one of those side-hugs. "Hey, Annabeth," he said, returning the side-hug. Jason Grace was tall and well-built. He had close-cropped blonde hair and electric blue eyes. In fact, his eyes were the only thing he had in common with his sister. They were polar opposites- she was punk, and he was well... not punk. She liked hard rock music, he was more of a pop kind of guy. He liked sports, she disliked them with a passion. Another person got out from behind Jason. She had brown hair and deeply tanned skin. Native American, maybe? She had very pretty eyes- they changed colors, like a kaleidoscope. Her hair was cut unevenly. It was like she was beautiful but tried not to be. She hugged Jason from behind. "Care to introduce your friend?" she asked him. "Oh, Annabeth, this is Piper McLean, my girlfriend. Piper, this is Annabeth Chase, a friend on mine and Thalia's from New York." "Hi, Piper," I said, thrusting out my hand. She gladly shook it. Where had I heard the name McLean before? "I think we can be good friends, Annabeth, but please don't mention my last name to anyone. The only reason Jason said it is because he trusts you." Then it hit me. How did I miss it? Piper's dad was Tristan McLean, the famous actor! Duh, Annabeth! "Oh... your dad is- oh. That's pretty cool," I said. She nodded. "I guess you could say it's cool, but at my last school, I let it slip. From then on, I had no real friends. It was, 'Oh! Can I have an autograph?' or 'Hey! You're Tristan McLean's daughter. Let's be friends so I can be cool!'" "Don't worry," I assured her. "I'm not like that." She smiled at me. "Come on!" Thalia said. "I gotta introduce you to the rest of my friends!" I put my luggage in the truck bed, and joined the other three in the car. ONE CAR RIDE AND A LOT OF CATCHING UP LATER "We're going to have a bonfire tonight. There'll be a lot of kids from our school there," Jason explained. I got of the truck and took in Thalia's house. It was right on the beach. The house itself was three stories tall, and was a light blue color. The roof was white, as were the window panels. "Annabeth, meet Nico and Percy," Thalia said, gesturing toward two boys who were walking out of the front door. The first one was short and pale. He had dark, shaggy hair. He had dark black eyes and dressed in all black. I assumed he was Nico. He reminded me of Thalia in a strange, emo sort of way. Of course the next guy to come out just had to be good-looking. Percy, I assumed, was about six foot three. He had tanned skin and toned muscles. Not like, scary and bulging, but they were there, nonetheless. His eyes were sea-green, but mixed with blue. It was like looking at the ocean. His hair looked like he had just rolled out of bed with it. It was sticking out in all different directions, but was somewhat swept to one side, like the wind had been blowing in it. "Thalia, what have we told you about picking up random people and taking them home," Percy mock scolded. "Oh shut up, Kelp Head," Thalia replied. "Pinecone Face!" "Fish Boy!" "Dork!" "Idiot!" "Ah, the love our family shares," Jason said. Percy and Thalia were still glaring daggers at each other, and something told me that they did that a lot. "I'm Nico di Angelo," the sullen boy said. "Percy, where are your manners?" Piper scolded. Percy rolled his eyes. "Sorry mom. " He walked up to me and stuck his hand out. "Hi, I'm Percy Jackson." "Annabeth Chase," I said, shaking his hand and nodding in Nico's direction. I could tell that I would fit in well with this crowd. "So, Annabeth, d'you like bonfires?" Percy inquired. "I dunno, I've never been to one," I confessed. He grinned widely. "Well you're in for a surprise..." LATER "Why didn't you tell me?!" Thalia exclaimed. I had been telling her about the who 'Luke' incident. "Didn't want to bother you?" I tried. "Don't give me that bullsh-" "Guys, the others are here!" Piper exclaimed, bursting through the door. "The others?" I asked. "The others," she confirmed. "No, I mean-" "I know what you meant," Piper said, "but it's a surprise." She bounded down the stairs, and Thalia and I followed her. I strolled into the living room to find