Hello! It's been a while since I've posted a HP one-shot and I've been throwing this idea around for a while. It's another take on a super cliche scene, but I just had to write my version anyway. It kind of serves as a prequel to my one shot, Haircut, but is completely fine as a standalone fic as well. I'm honestly pretty happy with the way it turned out. To give credit where credit is due, thanks to the wonderful ILikeReading1 for all the help with this one! The hours since the battle ended had been a blur. Not that this was much different from the blur that had encompassed the days leading up to the battle, but Harry Potter noticed it more than he had then. It was a different kind of blur. The Great Hall, while it was far less crowded on this, the second night since the battle, than it had often been over the course of the last few days, it was far from empty. Harry sat at one of the tables, the end of a line of people who had remained, as he had, to help out in the aftermath of the war. The fighting had ended just before dawn on the second of May. Harry's time since had consisted mostly of sleeping, accepting praise and thanks from grieving witches and wizards, dodging reporters, and helping as much as he could with initial cleanup around the castle. In the time since the battle, just over a day and a half, a great deal of progress had been made throughout the wizarding world. The handful of aurors and members of magical law enforcement that remained after the battle had been hard at work rounding up as many remaining Death Eaters as they could and freeing the many innocent Muggle-borns and Harry Potter sympathizers that had been imprisoned during Voldemort's reign. It would be a while before things even remotely resembled normal again, but it was a start. Much of the work had wound down for the night and Harry had reluctantly joined the others for a quiet dinner. He picked halfheartedly now at roast beef and mashed potatoes while subdued conversation rose up around him. Neville and a handful of other students sat just to his right, conversing amicably. He was thankful for Ron and Hermione's presence across from him, which spared him from having to socialize much. One or both would exchange a few words with him every once in a while, but they were so caught up in each other that he was paid little attention. This was all right by Harry, who wasn't much in the mood for it anyway. He knew he should be happy; the war was finally over, Voldemort was gone, they had won. And in many ways he was, he was overjoyed at their victory and what it meant for the wizarding world, as well as the rather large fact that he was no longer walking around with a bit of Tom Riddle's soul inside him. However, there was also a weight of guilt that seemed inexplicably to crush him. It hung over everyone, but Harry couldn't shake the feeling that he was responsible, at least in part, for the deaths of so many. Hermione, having figured as much, had already chided him for this earlier in the day. "It's not your fault, Harry," she'd told him, "You know whose fault it is. And you stopped him. You got justice for everyone." Logically, he knew she was right, but the guilt still cropped up from time to time anyway. The grief too for those he'd lost himself. His mind, however, was not, for the moment, on those who'd died, but on someone who was still very much alive. The rest of Ron's family had remained since the battle, helping, as Harry did, where they could. The loss of their son and brother was understandably hard on them, and he wondered if working served as a distraction from their grief. Ginny was, of course, with them. Harry wasn't avoiding her exactly. He just didn't know what to say, or where to start, or how to even go about talking to her. He wasn't even certain she'd want to see him with the loss of her brother so fresh. And, after all, he had broken things off with her a year earlier, the events of his seventeenth birthday notwithstanding. Who was he to expect her to take him back after everything just because Voldemort was gone? Was he even in line to hope they could maybe still be friends? He mentally shook himself. Now was not the time for that sort of thinking. The wizarding world was in shambles; people were dead. There were far more important things. He was jolted back to reality by the sound of his name. Hermione was speaking to him. "Er—what?" he asked. "Returning for our seventh year," she said, appearing the slightest bit annoyed that he had not been listening, "I asked Professor McGonagall about it earlier today and she told me that students who want to will be given the opportunity to return next year to complete whatever they missed this term. Isn't that wonderful?" Harry glanced briefly at Ron, who seemed less than excited at this prospect. "Yeah," he said, looking back at her, "That's—er—great." He must not have sounded very convincing. Hermione's eyebrows furrowed. "Are you okay, Harry?" she asked. "Yes," he said quickly, "Just—tired." Hermione nodded. "Well, you have been working all day. Maybe you should go up to bed." "Yeah," Harry replied, setting down the fork he'd been using to push the food around his plate, "Yeah, I think I will." He moved to stand. "I'll see you guys—" He'd stepped away and then froze when someone behind him grabbed his arm. He turned around and found himself face to face with red hair and beautiful brown eyes. "later." he finished lamely, blinking as his heart thudded irregularly in his chest. He swallowed and managed, "Hi." "Hi," Ginny replied, her gaze unwavering. Harry was very aware of the eyes of Ron and Hermione—and surely many others—on them. "Have you got a minute?" "I don't think he does, Gin," Ron piped up from behind Harry, sounding for all the world like he was grinning, "He was just heading up to bed to brood by himself." Ginny spared her brother not a glance. Harry, after an unpleasant look shot at his best friend, looked back at her. "I was just—" "You and I both know you aren't going to sleep any time soon," Ginny said sternly, "Now come on. You owe me this much." Harry sighed lightly but nodded and followed her out of the Great Hall with dozens of gazes watching as they went. She walked until they were through the front doors and out in the ruined Hogwarts grounds. Harry ambled along beside her, stepping over and diverting around debris that had yet to be cleaned up. They passed the Whomping Willow and neither had said anything yet. Ginny, who had inside been so determined to get him to follow her was apparently in no rush to speak now that they were alone. When he could take no more of the heavy silence between them, Harry spoke up. "So, er, how… are you?" She stopped walking and looked at him in the darkness, the moon their only illumination. "Really?" she asked, her voice surprisingly cold, " That's what you're going to say?" "I don't know what to say, Ginny," Harry said honestly. "Really?" she asked again, "Because I could say loads. Honestly, I'm of half a mind to hex you where you stand, but you'd probably just deflect anything I threw at you." Harry sighed. He knew he deserved this, but that didn't make it any easier to take. "I—" "Do you know what it's been like? Do you have any idea at all?" "I know it—" "No, you don't! I'm sure whatever you were doing was no picnic and in your stupid, noble mind, keeping everyone in the dark made the most sense, but did you even consider—" "Ginny, I want to tell you everything," Harry interrupted, "I do! I just don't know how. There's so much, I—I don't know where to start. It'll be morning before I've even told you the half of it!" He watched her in the dimness. "And I want to know everything from you, of course I do! Do you think I like the fact that you were all here suffering because of me? I hate it! I don't even know much at all and I hate it!" Ginny was quiet for a second after he finished, and when she spoke again, her voice was quieter, if not nicer. "I don't care about that," she said, "I mean, I do. Obviously, I want to know where you've been, but that's not what I'm talking about. I want to know why you don't trust me." Harry blinked at her, taken aback. "What?" She stared at him in the moonlight. "I know you did what you did because you knew what was coming. The Death Eaters couldn't torture people into telling them what they didn't know. And I get why you broke up with me, even though it was probably more for your own false sense of security than any real effectiveness—it made no difference, by the way. You disappear with Hermione and my brother, go gallivanting to Merlin knows where. No one knows anything. You break into the Ministry and into Gringotts—which I do at some point want to know how you managed to pull off. It's obvious you're up to something but no one has the faintest clue as to what. I don't either but at least you're alive and that's all that matters. And then you show up at Hogwarts after nearly a year away, the fighting starts, and you side with my mother about letting me fight too." Harry was dumbfounded. " That's what you're angry about?" "Oh, I'm angry about a lot of things, but that's a pretty big one at the moment, yes." "Ginny," he began, floundering, "I didn't mean to hurt you—" "You didn't hurt me. You insulted me, which is worse, I think. I know I'm not Ron or Hermione. I'm not one of your trusted comrades that you tell everything to—I wish I was, believe me, but that's not the point. I'm not Ron or Hermione and I'm not an adult yet, but I've fought beside you enough times by now that I think I at least deserve a little respect. Maybe some confidence in my abilities." It hit him then why she was so angry and he almost laughed. Of all the possible reasons for her to be mad at him. "You think I asked you to stay behind because I didn't think you were a good enough fighter?" "Didn't you?" Ginny demanded, still fiery, though Harry detected the slightest waver, like maybe she wasn't so sure now of her conclusion. "No! Of course not. Ginny, you're one of the best fighters I know!" "Well then why—" "Because I love you!" he nearly shouted, "Blimey, don't you know that? That's why I did everything I did. I had to do it, Ginny. I had to find the last—the diadem and I had to stop Voldemort. It had to be me and it seemed impossible, but if I was going to have any hope at all, I couldn't be worrying about you. It was so selfish, but I only ever wanted you to be safe. I needed you to be. And it didn't even work because you're so stubborn. I nearly ruined everything when Bellatrix threw that curse at you. If your mum hadn't stepped in… " Ginny stood frozen, gaping at him in the darkness. "What did you say?" she all but whispered. Harry blinked. "The… the Killing Curse. Bellatrix—" "No. Before that. You… you