The White Rose of Georgia Chapter 1: A Discovery AN: Okay, so this is a new story about Rosalie and Emmett. Emily Pratt's husband has just died, so her grandchildren are helping clean out her house of his stuff. While there, Bella finds an old photo album with pictures of a couple. Her grandmother tells her their names are Rosalie and Emmett. Then, she tells them the story of how they fell in love and what happened to them. "Thank you for coming," Emily Pratt murmured to the man in front of her as she shook his hand. He moved along, and the next person in line shook her hand, extending their sympathy to her. The funeral earlier that morning had been perfect—it was exactly how John would have wanted it. As her late husband's cousin moved over to the buffet table, Emily stole a glance at her three granddaughters, who were handing out the obituaries Emily's eldest daughter, Esme, had written. "Mrs. Pratt, I am so sorry for your loss," a woman gushed, grasping her hand tightly. Emily nodded politely. Ever since Friday, when her 90-year-old husband had died of a heart attack, 80-year-old Emily had been receiving sympathy from everyone she knew, and even from people she didn't know. One of John's second cousin's she had never met had called her up in the middle of the day on Saturday to ask her about the funeral mass, and to give her opinions on the songs that should be played and the readings that should be read. Emily had hung up the phone on her, not ready to discuss the funeral plans for her barely-dead husband. "Gran," a light voice said beside her. Emily turned and saw her eldest granddaughter, Alice, standing next to her. "Gran, why don't you go sit down with Mom and Dad," Alice suggested, pointing to the table where Esme and Carlisle Cullen were seated. Emily smiled at her granddaughter as she was led to the table where her daughter and son-in-law were sitting with their other daughter, Cynthia. After Alice helped her into the chair, she went back over to her cousin, Bella. Alice and Bella had always been more than just cousins. They were more like best friends. Alice, who was two years older than Bella, had been Bella's support system when her mother died when she was only five years old in a robbery gone bad. Bella had been devastated, but seven-year-old Alice was there to help pick up the pieces. Back then, the Swan's and the Cullen's lived down the road from each other in Phoenix, Arizona. After Renee and Charlie were married, he wanted to move north, somewhere like Montana or Washington. Renee wasn't having any of that—she wanted to stay close to her sister and her family in Phoenix. So, Charlie took a job with the Phoenix police department, and they lived happily. Six years later, Renee was killed, and Charlie requested a transfer. He was moved to Olympia, Washington, so Bella said goodbye to her cousin and the sunshine and traded it in for cloudy skies and new people. When Bella was nine, Charlie met Susan Clearwater, a widow with a daughter Bella's age. She and Charlie hit it off, and six months later, they were married, and Bella gained a stepsister in Leah Clearwater. Since Bella had moved to Washington, she barely saw her cousins Alice and Cynthia, her Aunt Esme, her Uncle Carlisle, and her grandparents. She told Charlie she would run away unless he let her spend every holiday and school vacation in Phoenix. Charlie reluctantly agreed, and Bella began spending Thanksgiving, Christmas, Spring Break, and the summer holidays in Phoenix with her mother's side of the family. It didn't come as any surprise that Bella decided to go to the same college as Alice—after all, the two of them were joined at the hip. So, when Bella graduated high school, she packed up all her things and moved into Alice's apartment in North Carolina. It was more that she wanted to get away from Charlie and his "new family" more than anything else. At college, Bella was able to be free for the first time in her life. She no longer had to listen to Charlie or Sue. She didn't have to babysit her half-siblings, Seth and Claire. She didn't have to listen to Leah whine about her stupid boyfriend. She was finally able to be her own person. The weekend after school started, Bella was dragged by Alice to a party her boyfriend Jasper's fraternity was hosting. There, she met Edward Masen, president of the fraternity. After a night of casual flirting, he asked for her number. The next morning, he called her and asked her on a date. Three years later, Edward was in medical school at Harvard in Boston, but he made sure to come down to North Carolina at least once a month to visit his girlfriend. Bella was now a senior, finishing her double major of English and education. Alice and Jasper had both graduated. Jasper was in law school in New York while Alice was working as a personal shopper for a few older women while she designed her own line in Phoenix, so Bella was all alone. She missed her boyfriend and her best friends. "Bella, I have a question for you," Alice said. "Okay." "So, my mom thinks we should go over to Gran's tomorrow and help her clear out all of Poppy's old stuff. She would go, but she has a meeting with Cynthia's principal that she's already missing today because of the funeral." "Oh lord," Bella sighed. "What did Cynthia do this time?" Alice cracked a smile. "Someone freed all the frogs from the science laboratory. Now, they can't prove it was her, but no one else told the principal he would be sorry three days earlier unless he let the frogs go." Bella laughed. "Yeah, that does sound like something she would do.Do you think Gran would mind if Edward came?" she asked, leaning back against her boyfriend. Edward smiled and wrapped his arm around her waist. "No. The more, the merrier. Besides, Jasper is coming with me." The four of them continued to talk while Emily Pratt looked on from across the room. "Mom," Esme said. Emily turned to look at her daughter. "Mom, are you going to be okay." "I knew your father since I was 20 years old," Emily said quietly. "That's three-quarters of my life. And now he's gone, and I won't see him again until I leave this earth, too. He was the love of my life for 60 years. For the first time ever , I am going to be alone." "Oh, Mom," Esme sighed, putting her arm around the old woman. "I can send Alice and Bella to stay with you while they're here. And they'll be there tomorrow to help you go through Dad's things." "Go through?" Emily asked with a confused tone. "Well, yeah. It's not good for you to have all his old books and clothes and other things he had in the house with you—it will just make you dwell on missing him. No, Alice and Bella will help you go through it and give it away or sell it or whatever you want to do with it." "Okay," Emily said to her daughter. Right then, a man walked over with a blonde woman on his arm and two eight-year-old kids with him. "Emily, I'm very sorry about John. Bella called us a few days ago to tell us. John was a wonderful man—he always invited me to go fishing with him—even after Renee passed." Emily nodded at her former son-in-law. She had never been a fan of Charlie's ever since he moved Bella away from her family. But her husband had always liked him. Charlie was like the son John never had. He liked being outside and going fishing and hunting. "Thank you for coming, Charlie," she said softly. "It's good to see you, Susan, Seth, and Claire." "Dad, can we go yet?" Claire whined. "It's all old people here. And Bella isn't hanging out with us! She's with Alice and Edward!" Charlie looked over at his daughter and saw she was indeed with her boyfriend, her cousin, and her cousin's boyfriend. "Well, you can spend all day tomorrow with Bella. How about that?" "Yay!" Claire cheered, running over to tell her big sister the news. "Bella! Bella! Guess what?" "What's that?" Bella asked, bending her knees so she was at eye level with Claire. "Daddy said I get to spend all day with you tomorrow!" Bella's eyes narrowed. "He said that?" she asked, controlling the anger in her voice. Even when she wasn't home, Charlie was always pawning Seth and Claire off to her so he could spend the day with Sue. She stood up and marched over to her father. "Bella," Edward called, chasing after her. "Babe, just calm down…" "Charlie!" Bella spat, standing in front of her dad. "So, you planned to give your kids to me tomorrow without a little heads up?" "Well, I knew you wouldn't mind," he said, smiling at her. "Dad, I have plans for tomorrow! Plans that don't involve two annoying kids hanging on to me!" "You can reschedule with Edward," Sue said politely. "Sue, mind your own damn business!" Bella snapped. "Alice and I are going over to Gran's tomorrow to help her weed out Poppy's stuff." "I'm sorry, but you're going to have to watch the kids. Sue and I are going on a tour of the Grand Canyon, and we can't have them with us." "But Dad—" "Bella, just do it!" he snapped at her. Bella glared at her father before grabbing Edward's hand and stomping away. She, Alice, Jasper, and Edward left, saying goodbye to Gran and promising to be over first thing in the morning. The four of them piled into Alice's 1969 Ford Mustang, and she drove them all to her condo. When she moved back to Phoenix, she had no intention of moving back in with her parents. She used the money in the trust her dad's parents had set up for her to buy her own place. She only lived five minutes away, but she was still living on her own. Alice pulled into her spot in the parking garage and turned the engine off. She climbed out of the front seat and headed to the elevator with the other three following her. They got off on the 11th floor and walked to number 1142, where Alice put her key in the lock and opened the door. "Oh, FYI," she said as they walked into a mountain of clothing, shopping bags, take out boxes, and trash, "It's a little messy." "Oh my god, Alice," Bella gasped when she saw the tornado zone that was also know as Alice's condo. "What happened here?" "I've been busy!" Alice said defensively. "When I'm not picking out clothes for the women I work for, I'm designing my line. I don't even let my mom over because I know she would flip out and make me move back with her. Anyways, you and Edward are in the very last room on the right. It's clean, I promise," she added when she saw Bella's apprehensive face. Bella grabbed Edward's hand, and the two of them made their way to the room. Just like Alice promised, it was clean. In fact, it looked like Alice had only been in this room once—to set it up. There was a queen-sized bed in the middle of the room with white sheets. The walls were covered with giant portraits of Audrey Hepburn. That didn't surprise Bella—she was Alice's idol in style, grace, and everything else. Bella flopped on the bed and stared at the ceiling. Edward got on the bed next to her and took her hand. "How are you doing?" he asked softly. Edward