Chapter one - taking something back Upon a dark mountain, the threat of an approaching storm rumbled overhead. In the fifth tower of Ilvermorny three figures were stood around a fire blazing in the great stone hearth of the headmistresses office. One, a witch in long blue robes that fell in fluttering waves withdrew her wand, a particularly long one made from ash, as the wizard to her right gave his own wand a slight flick. Seemingly from air a piece of parchment appeared and floated in slow suspension between the three of them. The firelight lit their faces in an otherwise darkened room. "Madam Rossary" the wizard to her left turned so that his profile was better lit. His grey cloak, trimmed with gold, ruffled in the faint breeze from the chimney. "If you will" Inclining her head the witch reached forward and lightly tapped the parchment with the tip of her wand. At once burning letters, searing from the gloom, appeared there. They lopped out an elegant signature, and once the last of their light had faded the wizard from which the parchment had originally come flicked his wand once more and the parchment vanished. The headmistress turned to smile and shake his hand and then turned again to shake the hand of the President of the Magical Congress of the United States of America. "Headmistress" he smiled, bringing her hand to his mouth. Placing a kiss there and exchanging a few words more he motioned to the wizard who had accompanied him, who wished Madam Rossary the greatest success in hosting the tournament, and a moment later they had both apparated. Madam Rossary stared at the space in which they had stood for a few moments, her hands clasped tightly before her. Then she let out a slow breath and her whole form seemed to curl forward and shrink in size. She muttered a brief spell that brought her armchair to slide swiftly forwards as she collapsed into it. For a while she sat staring at the fire, the flickering shadows that illuminated the walls decorated with commendations, pictures of past students, late headmasters. After some time she rang the bell that would call the house elves to come and begin to ready her office for the morning and rose reluctantly from her seat. It was important she got as much sleep as she could; tomorrow she would tell the school that they would be hosting the International Wizarding Schools Quidditch Tournament. There was much work to be done, in little time. As she reached the door leading to her private rooms she paused before the MACUSA flag that hug next to her desk, as it had always done. She had never paused here before, never felt this responsibility before, to lead Ilvermorny through the eyes of the international wizarding world, shining. The flag had never before held as much importance, hanging from its pole in her office, the moonlight reaching from the tall latticed windows behind her desk to catch its folds. She shook herself mentally, reminded herself that this was not professional. The president always made her feel a little threadbare and as it was it was late. Duties always felt heavier in the darker hours. With this thought, she opened her door and silently slipped inside. ... Ginny scraped the bottom of her bowl of cornflakes with her spoon, staring heavily at her older brother who was busily shoveling fried egg into his mouth. There was an excited murmur running through the great hall and the usual clamour of breakfast seemed unusually tense. "What seems to be bothering you this morning, Ginny?" Nearly-headless Nick asked kindly as he came to float beside her "You're usually in high spirits around breakfast time." "Thanks, Nick" Ginny said distractedly, looking for the hundredth time towards the platform that had been raised before the head table. "Wondering about the announcement, are we?" Nick said remotely, following her gaze "Announcement?" Ginny replied, dropping her spoon and turning to face the ghost. He gave her a look that might have best be described as curt before sharply turning (to the best of his ability) and floating away again across the hall. "There's no point trying to get anything out of him, Gin" Katie Bell leant across to her "The ghosts know something but nobody's let anything on all morning" The gryffindor quidditch team was crowded around one end of the Gryffindor table with Sheamus, Dean, Ron and Parvati squashed in between them. Angelina Johnston was in the middle of giving a pre-training session talk, but nobody had been paying much attention and it looked as though she was giving up. "Eat your breakfast" she said grumpily as she took her seat next to Ginny again. "You all need your strength for this afternoon." No sooner had the words passed her lips however when the plates were suddenly cleared of food. A great hush fell at once over the hall as the teachers got to their feet. Albus Dumbledore, clearing his throat, put away his napkin and smiling at them all over his half moon spectacles made his way to the front of the platform followed by McGonagall. A man in a plum purple suit, long cloak and scarf joined them there, and a ripple passed through the great hall. Nobody had seen him come in, nor was he one of the teachers. Dumbledore raised a hand for silence. "Good morning, everyone. I hope you're all well rested and that I might have your attention for just a few moments. Firstly I would like to introduce a dear friend and our esteemed guest, Mr Howard Drawn, Head of Department of Magical Entertainment." At this the wizard in the matching cloak and suit stepped forward. He was greeted with a brief round of applause, to which he smiled and raised his hand. "Secondly" Dumbledore continued "I must inform you that due to unforeseen circumstances, the House Quidditch Tournament will not be taking place this year." A cry of uproar immediately rose from the four tables. Ginny stared numbly towards the Headmaster before glancing towards Angelina, who appeared perfectly calm but was carefully driving her knife into the table top. She reached out to take hold of her hand beneath the table. Fred and George Weasley were shouting their outrage and those of her friends that remained silent looked livid. She could see over their shoulders that the students on the neighbouring tables had similar reactions. "Settle down! Settle down please!" McGonagall called sternly to seemingly little affect, but a moment later the hall simmered down into a disquieted murmuring. "I understand that many of you may be disappointed at this news" Dumbledore smiled at them, a gleam coming to his eyes "I assure the respective house captains that the quidditch teams will still be allowed to practise throughout the course of the year. However, as many of our best players will not be able to be participate, you may wish to invite other members of your house to temporarily fill the gaps, so to speak" he enjoyed their confused silence for a few moments "I am delighted to announce that Hogwarts has been invited to participate in the International Wizarding Schools Quidditch Tournament this year." For the space of a second, you could have heard a pin drop. Ginny flinched as the hall burst into thunderous applause around her. Her brothers were jumping up in their seats and the noise of the four tables excitement combined was near uncontainable. "What is it?" Ginny shouted into Angelina's ear "I don't understand" but the Gryffindor captain couldn't hear her. Harry shrugged at her from across the table. After some time the stamping and shouting had quietened down sufficiently for Dumbledore to conclude "I now hand the proceedings over to Mr Drawn, who will, I am sure, explain the details." Mr Drawn was now accepted to the stand will overwhelming enthusiasm. "For those of you that do not know, the International Tournament is a long held tradition" he began "that was established in the 17th century to replace the highly dangerous Triwizard Tournament. Quidditch teams from four different wizarding schools come together to compete. It is a show of unity and of companionship between wizards and nations alike. The tournament takes place every four years and Hogwarts has been selected this year to take part. To the winning team comes promises of eternal glory, and of course, the wizarding school's quidditch cup. The Tournament this year is to be held in Ilvermorny school in Massachusetts, USA. In a month from now, the Hogwarts Quidditch team will travel to Ilvermorny, where they will begin their training. Any student may sign up for a position on the team, and tryout will be overseen by myself, Madam Hooch and the Headmaster. Only the very best will be chosen to go to America. Good luck to you all." ... Hermione perched on the end of a large and perhaps overstuffed beige and blue striped armchair with a cup of tea resting on her lap. In front of her an open fire roared in a friendly grate, and at her knees height was a house elf carrying a large silver tray. "More tea, Mistress?" it squeaked "I've told you, please call me Hermione" Hermione replied exasperatedly "and no, I would not" "Oh no Mistress" the house elf smiled "Mindy couldn't possibly" Hermione set her cup of tea down and made a sixth attempt "Mindy, are you absolutely sure I can't give you even a little tip" "No, Mistress" Mindy replied sternly "Hermione" "Mistress" "Hermione" "Mistress" They were at were at that point interrupted by a knock on the door, and Mindy at once retreated to the corner of the room. Hermione stood as Professor McGonagall entered followed by Howard Drawn. The professor smiled at her kindly but Drawn looked her up and down with a critical eye. "Professor" Hermione said politely "Mr Drawn." "Good Morning, Miss Granger" replied McGonagall, indicating that Hermione should sit down "Thank you coming, I hope that Mindy has provided you with breakfast?" "Yes" Hermione clipped. "Good. Mr Drawn, this is the young witch whom I was telling you about." Mr Drawn extended his hand which Hermione shook, and across his face passed the briefest flicker of a smile before he took his seat. Hermione, resisting the urge to crumple her school skirt in her fists turned to her head of house. "Excuse me, professor, but may I ask what this is all about?" "Miss Granger we would like you to accompany the Hogwarts Quidditch team to America, as student Ambassador" Mr Drawn interrupted. Hermione spun around to face him, made herself meet his eyes steadily. Several moments seemed to pass where she found herself wondering if her heart was beating loud enough for the two of them to hear. "Of course.." his steel grey eyes flickered brightly "You're very young for this highly important role. It would seem however that your deputy headmistress has great faith in you." "I do." McGonagall cut across firmly "There will be a student ambassador, Miss Granger, representing each school. Your duties would include representing the school's student body at formal events and at each game during the tournament. You would also befriend and learn from your fellow student ambassadors, who would likewise seek to befriend and learn from you. In short you would uphold the standards of this school. I am sure.." and here McGonagall's eyes softened slightly "You will do wonderfully, if you should choose to accept." "...I see" Hermione replied, and then stammered "If...if I may, why I have been asked, and not an older student?" "The student ambassador may be of any age, but it is common practise to select a student in the middle of their academic journey, such as you Miss Granger, who is the closest in age to both the youngest and oldest students in the school and will therefore be the most