Katniss I wake up around dawn. I realize something's not quite right, so I reach over to the side of the bed that Prim shares with me and that's what I realize was wrong. She's not there. The first rays of sun are shining through the window, not enough to wake up a normal person, and it would be hard for a person who has not had years of hunting experience to see as well as I do. I look to the other side of the room to see Prim curled up with our mother. She must have had bad dreams, because today is the day of the reaping. Though Prim is still not eligible, being only 11, but I am, and she worries for me. But for Prim I am thankful for the world's ugliest cat is sitting at my sister's knees guarding her. He is so ugly he probably could scare anything away. He has a mashed-in nose, half of one ear missing, and eyes the color of rotting squash. But Prim named him Buttercup, insisting that his muddy yellow coat matched the color of the bright flower. He hates me, or at the very least distrusts me. I think he remembers that when Prim brought him home I tried to drown him in a bucket. A scrawny kitten, with a swollen belly full of worms, and completely crawling with fleas. And the last thing I needed at the time was another mouth to feed. But Prim begged so hard, and even cried, so I had to let him stay. There's no saying 'no' to Prim. It's turned out okay, my mother got rid of the vermin and he's a born mouser. He even catches the occasional rat. Sometimes, when I clean a kill and he's around I feed him the entrails. He has stopped hissing at me. That's as far as our relationship goes. Entrails and no hissing. But Prim loves him so it's kind of worth having him around. I decide now is as good a time as ever to get up for the day. I get up off the bed and pull on some pants and my hunting boots. They are soft and flexible after years of wear. I pull on a shirt, braid back my long black hair, and tuck it up into my cap, and grab my forage bag. Then I see on the table, under a wooden bowl to protect it from hungry rats and cats alike, a perfect little piece of goat cheese wrapped in basil leaves. It's Prim's gift to me on reaping day. Carefully, I put the cheese into my pocket before I head outside. In the unpaved streets of our part of District 12, which is nicknamed the Seam, are usually full of coal miners heading to their morning shift at this hour. Men and women who have worked in the mines for years, with their hunched shoulders, swollen knuckles, and many who have long since stopped trying to scrub the coal dust out of their broken nails, and sometimes the lines in their sunken faces. But today the black cinder streets are empty. Shutters on the tiny gray houses of the Seam are closed. The reaping isn't until two. And you may as well sleep in if you can. Our house is almost at the edge of the Seam. I only have to pass a couple gates to get to the scruffy field we call the Meadow. And separating the Meadow from the woods, and in fact enclosing all of District 12, is a high chain-link fence topped with barbed-wire loops. The fence is supposed to be electrified twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week as a deterrent to the predators that live in the woods. The packs of wild dogs, lone cougars, bears, that used to threaten out streets. But lucky for me, we're lucky to only get two or three hours of electricity in the evenings, so the fence is usually safe to touch. Even so, those of us who venture out into the woods know to be safe rather than sorry, we always take a minute to listen carefully for the hum that means the fence is alive with electricity. Right now it's about as loud as a rock. So I carefully go over to a clump of bushes that conceals a two-foot stretch that's been loose for years. I have to flatten out on my belly to slide under it, but it's the closest and easiest way to get from my house to the woods. There are several other weak spots in the fence, but I almost always enter here. As soon as I'm through the first bit of trees, I retrieve my bow and sheath of arrows from a hollow log. Electrified or not, the fence has been successful at keeping flesh-eating predators out of District 12. Inside the woods, is a different story, here they roam freely, it is their right after all it's their woods, oh, no, wait, it's the Capitol's Land . Pathetic. But besides from the wild dogs, and bears, there's the added concerns like venomous snakes, rabid animals and no real paths to follow. But there's also food if you know how to find it, and my father taught me some before he was blown to bits in a mine explosion. There wasn't even anything left to bury. I was eleven then. Even now, four years later, I still have nightmares where I wake up screaming and telling him to run. Even though trespassing in the woods is illegal and poaching carries the severest of penalties, I think more people would risk it if they had weapons. But most are not bold enough just to come out here with only a knife. My bow is a rarity, crafted by my father along with a few others I keep well hidden in the woods, carefully wrapped in waterproof covers. My father would have made good money selling them, but if the officials found out he would have been publicly executed for inciting a rebellion, yeah, because trying to help people get fresh food is rebellious. But most of the Peacekeepers here turn a blind eye to the few of us who do hunt because they're as hungry for fresh meat as we all are. In fact, they're some of our best customers. But the idea that someone might be arming the Seam would never have been allowed. In the fall, a few brave souls sneak into the woods to collect apples. But always, always, in the sight of the Meadow. Always close enough to run back to the safety of our District if trouble arises. "District Twelve. Where you can starve to death in safety," I mutter. Then quickly glance over my shoulder to make sure nobody heard me. Even here, even in the middle of nowhere, you still worry that someone might overhear you. When I was younger, I would scare my mother to death, with the things I would blurt out about District 12, about the people who rule our country, Panem, from the far-off city called the Capitol. I eventually learned that doing this would only lead us to more trouble. So I learned to hold my tongue and to turn my features into an indifferent mask so that no one could ever read my thoughts. I do my work quietly in school, make only polite small talk in the public market. Discuss little more than trades in the Hob, which is the black market where I make most of my money. Even at home, where I am less pleasant, I avoid discussing tricky topics. Like the reaping, or food shortages, or the Hunger Games. Prim might begin to repeat what I say and then where would we be? In the woods waits the only person with whom I can be myself. Gale. I can already feel the muscles in my face relaxing, my pace picks up as I climb the hills to our place, a rock ledge overlooking a valley. A thicket of blackberry bushes protect it and us from unwanted eyes. The sight of him waiting there brings on a smile. Gale says I never smile except in the woods. "Hey, Catnip," Gale says. My real name is Katniss, but when I first told him, I was just twelve and had barely whispered it. So he thought I'd said Catnip. And then when this crazy lynx started following me around the woods looking for handouts, it became his official nickname for me. I finally had to kill the lynx because he scared off game. I almost regretted it, because he wasn't bad company. But I got a decent price for his pelt. "Look what I shot." Gale holds up a loaf of bread with an arrow stuck in it, and I laugh. It's real bakery bread, not the flat, dense loaves we make from our grain rations. I take it in my hands, pull out the arrow, and hold the puncture in the crust to my nose, inhaling the fragrance that makes my mouth flood with saliva. Fine bread like this is for special occasions. "Mm, still warm," I say. He must have been at the bakery at the crack of dawn to trade for it. "What did it cost you?" "Just a squirrel. Think the old man was feeling sentimental this morning," says Gale. "Even wished me luck." "Well, we all feel a little closer today, don't we?" I say, not even bothering to roll my eyes. "Prim left us cheese." I pull it out. His expression brightens at the treat. "Thank you, Prim. We'll have a real feast." Suddenly he falls into a Capitol accent as he mimics Effie Trinket, the maniacally upbeat woman who arrives once a year to read out the names at the reaping. "I almost forgot! Happy Hunger Games!" He plucks a few blackberries from the bushes around us. "And may the odds-" He tosses a berry in a high arc toward me. I catch it in my mouth and break the delicate skin with my teeth. The sweet tartness explodes across my tongue. "- be ever in your favor!" I finish with equal verve. We have to joke about it because the alternative is to be scared out of your wits. Besides the Capitol accent is so strange, almost anything sounds funny in it. I watch as Gale pulls out his knife and slices the bread. He could be my brother. Straight black hair, olive skin, we even have the same gray eyes. But we're not related, at least not closely. Most of the families who work the mines resemble one another this way. That's why my mother and Prim, with their light hair and blue eyes, always look out of place. They are. My mother's parents were part of the small merchant class that caters to officials, Peacekeepers, and the occasional Seam customer. They ran an apothecary shop in the nicer part of District 12. Since almost no one can afford doctors, apothecaries are our healers. My father got to know my mother because on his hunts he would sometimes collect medicinal herbs and sell them to her shop to be brewed into remedies. She must have really loved him to leave her home for the Seam. I try to remember that when all I can see is the woman who sat by, blank and unreachable, while her children turned to skin and bones. I try to forgive her for my father's sake. But to be honest, I'm not the forgiving type. Gale I spread the slices of with Prim's wonderfully soft goat cheese and put a basil leave on top for each of us, while Katniss strips the bushes of their berries. Then we settle back in a nook in the rocks. Katniss looks happy, she smiles, and I think I'm the only one who truly sees her smile. I know that she