A/N: Disclaimer: All rights to Twilight belong to SM. Your comments, reviews, and or questions are always welcome. Chapter 1 May 11, 2013, Saturday Being used as a psychotic vampire's chew toy isn't as fun as the supernatural romance novels out there claim it is, mainly because where there is one rabid monster there is another waiting in the wings to finish the job. I didn't even make it out of the hospital in Phoenix before Victoria showed up and tried to make a midnight snack out of my throat. That was a mess. It was a suicide mission and she knew it. The Cullens never left the hospital. There was always two of them hanging around either in my room, out in the hall, or down in the waiting area when it came time for me to be examined or during potty time for Bella. As is my luck, her attack coincided during the latter. What exactly are you supposed to do when you're sitting on the toilet in one of those lame hospital frocks with your panties around your ankles? There wasn't anywhere to run. I couldn't scream, because if I did then nurses or orderlies would become collateral damage. I think I confused her with my mild panic attack at first and then quiet acceptance after. I was tired, tripped out on painkillers, and frankly the idea of checking out was appealing. Morphine makes you do some really freaky things to your mind; I highly recommend you avoid it if at all possible. At least she let me put on a robe before leaping from the third story window with me in tow. Edward and Emmett were close behind, but not really close enough. Victoria's knew she could have her life or her revenge, but not both. Guess which one won out? That was ten years ago – well, ten and a couple of months. These days I was living in Seattle for the most part. I still looked like a teenager even though technically I was twenty-six. Victoria's venom filled me out a little, fluffed up my previously dark and stringy hair, and aged me about a year if I'm being generous. What I'm trying to say is that I looked healthy for the first time in a handful of years, which is saying something since my heart stopped beating so long ago. A few months spent with the Cullens brought nothing but heartache. Charlie was shot in the line of duty by a meth addict. Jacob and the rest of the Quileutes banished me from the reservation. I later came to find out they were a bunch of wolves. I don't know why I was surprised; vampires existed, why not werewolves? Edward and I were never the same. There was too much pain involved in our relationship; especially since it turns out we were never mates. That was a depressing conversation. Alice took Charlie's insurance money left over from after all the bills were paid and turned it into a tidy sum. She still tinkers with it to this day. One moment I'm worth about a half-million dollars and the next there's five point three million in my portfolio. By the fifth anniversary of being bitten by Victoria I was worth a little over seventeen million. Today it's edging on twenty-three because of my writing. Alice called it her penance for encouraging Edward and me; I called it guilt money, and it's not like she had to work really hard to accomplish it anyway; see vision of lucrative IPO, invest, reap rewards, sell stock, and deposit it in my account. The whole process probably took an hour of actual work at human speed. I tried the vegetarian way; I really did, but I couldn't do it. The taste was simply horrible. It's difficult to eat when you're constantly gagging and wasting half your meal from stomach convulsions. Carlisle eventually found a compromise. Once every three months I had a delivery of bagged blood, the aged stuff that hospitals and donation centers can't hold onto anymore because of Federal regulations. Who would have thought that so much blood was going to waste? Old blood or new made no difference in the taste, just as long as it was human. I thought it tasted even better cold. Maybe it's because I used to love a good iced Frappuccino. Needless to say, my eyes are crimson colored. The Cullens stay in contact, mostly. At least once a month I receive a call from Esme. She's still the sweet person she was before, and quite annoyed that I don't live with them. She's come out of her Mom of the Year shell with me over the phone since I'm not constantly around. About once every couple of months she pops up and we make a day of it. I get to hear about how Edward is somewhere in South America, sulking – still. About how Alice really misses me, but understands why I left. And I also hear about how Carlisle never lets Esme out of the missionary position in bed. Seriously? Do I really need to know this about the guy I once considered a potential father-in-law? If I didn't know any better I think she's going through some sort of vampire mid-life crisis. She wants more out of life than to be Carlisle's trophy wife. She wants excitement, adventure, a really long weekend of nothing but sexual debauchery doing things she's never done before – and then doing them all over again just to make sure which ones she wants to make note of with future lovers. Color me freaked out when I realized Esme and Carlisle weren't actual mates. It felt exactly like the time when I was four years old and caught Renée banging Santa Clause in the living room and watching her tell him that she's been a really naughty girl this year. I was traumatized for four years straight. Every time I saw the Salvation Army Santa ringing his bell in front of Wal-Mart, I broke down in tears, because I didn't want to be a naughty girl and have Santa do that to me in the living room. Needless to say, the day care teachers and school counselors didn't know what to think of me at the time. I digress. I seriously digress. Anyway, Alice only interacts with me through my bank account. Jasper… well, he's with Alice, 'nuff said there. Carlisle calls to invite me to Christmas (shudder) and New Year celebrations, but I always beg off for one reason or another. Rose keeps Emmett under wraps and well away from me, because apparently I'm a bad influence. ~O~ Hot tubs are excellent tools to use when bringing up the temperature of vampire bodies. Contrary to popular belief, our skin is not made of granite; it's just so dense that it feels that way to humans. Color me all kinds of embarrassed when as a human I weighed a nice healthy hundred and thirty pounds, and when I wake the day after my lava bath I weigh over two hundred. Seriously, it's dense. The point I'm trying to make is that it warms up easily enough and stays that way for good number of hours if I'm not sitting right under the air conditioner vent or standing outside in cold weather. That's why spending time in bed with someone special – or not so special, as the case may be – isn't that big of a deal. "God," Katie Marshall said as she was still out of breath after our last round with me in control of the situation. "You're like this relentless sexual machine." Oh yeah, I'm gay now – well, bisexual really, but I don't practice on the other side of the fence anymore. Needless to say Edward is really sulking about that one. Emmett reminds him constantly, according to Esme, that he was that awful of a boyfriend, so bad that he turned me gay. He really wasn't. Fate just hates me with a searing passion. Case in point: Katie Marshall. You may remember her as one of the many faceless students of Forks High School. Envy ran through her veins like venom through mine. She hated the idea I moved to Forks, but it wasn't because I attracted all the boys in school. It was because she was also attracted to me, and I wasn't a flaming lesbian back then, plus she was still in the closet, so she couldn't do anything about the situation. Fast forward, nine years later and a casual crossing of paths at the local Starbucks, where I purchased a daily coffee to keep my hands warm, and so I can appear like I'm doing human things. She compliments my supposed colored contacts and whatever I've done to my hair to make it bounce and shine so well. The next thing I know she's actually acting like a normal person and not a faceless drone. Well, that and I can smell her arousal like it's right in front of my face. Katie has really full lips and a firm nose, not to mention she had that little piece of skin underneath her tongue clipped and an added tongue piercing as well. These things are important to me seeing as that's mainly how I get any sort of satisfaction anymore. Her breasts have grown considerably since high school which tells me someone's been under the knife. Things led to things and we've been dating here and there for the last eight months. It's nothing serious, at least on my side. We met up once or twice a week and satiate each other's hunger for a few hours. The thing is Katie is starting to get clingy and there is simply no way I'm bringing her over to my life. She's too… submissive, I guess. You're probably laughing right now. Me, Bella Swan, complaining because the person I'm dating is too much of a pushover. I think I wrote the book on being submissive to Edward. Things have changed, obviously. Something about being a vampire automatically makes you more aggressive. That's probably why I'm not the way I was when I was meek little Bella who bit her bottom lip and blushed cutely when someone made a sexual reference. "Have you thought anymore on what I said on Saturday?" Katie asked as she snuggled up and whispered to me. Her warm breath tickled right behind my ear. It was a highly erogenous place for me and she knew it, but that was Katie. Using sex to get what she wants. I tightened my arm around her waist and squeezed her hip slightly. "You know I'm not into committed relationships. They never last." She was prepared for that. I could tell, because she didn't even flinch like she normally does when I give her bad news. "I'm not saying we have to get married or anything. I could just move in and take care of you." That announcement made me snap my eyes open. "I'm sorry, what?" She tweaked my nipple and swiped her tongue along the shell of my ear. "I'll take care of you. You know, like make sure your condo is clean and your bed is warm." "Uh…" Thankfully, my cell chose that moment to ring Tinkerbell's Song, letting me know that Alice was attempting to get ahold of me. Seeing as how she very rarely calls me, I was either broke from a bad investment or she had a vision. Both were usually bad news, but part of me hoped it was the former. Alice's visions where I am concerned tend to involve life or death situations if she's contacting me. "You're answering that… now?" Katie almost whined. "It's important," I replied and hit the green button. "Tell me this isn't bad news." "It's not bad news," Alice replied happily. Wonderful; she was in her Manic Pixie Dream Girl mode. Isn't it