Disclaimer: Twilight belongs to Steph M. Note: Yes, it's what you think. I wanted an Underworld -esque Bella in this story, just less latex involved. Not that there's anything wrong with latex, but she wouldn't exactly fit-in wearing Selene's outfit in Forks now would she? Violence, time travel, alternate universes, romance, sarcasm, and random acts of lesbionics. I've got it all right here for you. Chapter 1 After I closed my eyes I brought up the last memories I had of my family. I could live a lifetime's worth in mere seconds, and that's what I did before the ground exploded around me and I rolled down the mountainside. The heat of the trap that took Jasper had turned cold, like snow, like the last winter I experienced in Forks before the Cullens were forced to run. In fact, it was exactly like that. I held on tightly to my weapons as I bounced along in the snow, slammed into trees, and finally coming to a slow slide until I stopped. The sudden halt hadn't dazed me; there wasn't much that could, especially not a simple fall like this. Out of instinct I hit the ejection release and two empty magazines dropped out of the hilts of my pistols. Scrambling, I reloaded and sprung to my booted feet scanning around with both weapons held high, ready to fire on Kurtz. He was the only one that was left and I could swear I was able to unload three rounds into his chest as I fell. That should have been more than enough to ignite the venom in his chest. I should be listening to his screams as his body burned to dust, but there was nothing other than the wind through the trees – trees where there shouldn't be any. I could have sworn we were in Prague twenty seconds ago, but I'd recognize the surrounding mountains anywhere. I'd lived here for long enough to memorize virtually every tree, every blade of grass, every… Swallowing the venom in my mouth I swiveled my head back and forth, spun around and looked up and down the cliff face. "Great, now I'm hallucinating, or my gift is screwing with me again." Everyone thought I was a simple mental shield with the ability to project my powers to encircle those around me. My gift was much more complicated than that. During my human life I was a bad luck magnet. If there was a decent chance that I would fall, it would happen. If there was a good chance that danger was in the area, I would attract it. If the most powerful and deadly species in existence lived somewhere in the country, I would move to that same town and expose myself to it. I think you're starting to get the picture. Instead of being a mental shield, I was something entirely different, Chaos incarnate. That was a big Cee if you weren't paying attention. The ordinary, average, everyday chaos – little Cee – could be something as innocuous as a drunk teenager that decided riding his bicycle through the halls of his local High School was the idea of a good time. Chaos – big Cee – was a being that was able to make even the most random thing happen with a mere thought, no matter how unlikely. At first, it would seem as if a mind reader, for instance, wouldn't be able to read my mind. It wasn't because there was a shield in place to deflect the mental probe. It was because there was so much Chaos surrounding my mind that the probability they would be able to read its contents were nil, zip, zero, zilch. I'd learned to live with my gift. There was absolutely no controlling it. Believe me, I've tried. Beyond bringing others into my sphere of influence I've got zero amount of control over what happens after. The harder I try, the worse things will happen. It was as if I was meant to cause chaos by my mere existence. No, I wasn't surprised to find myself on the other side of the world; at least not so much that I dwelled on the subject. Weird things like this happen all the time. Well, maybe not exactly like this, but still. With my luck, my chaotic gift clicked into effect right at the exact same moment I was to die and then transported me to somewhere safe. Where better than fifty-two hundred miles away? Emmett was the one that always said being around me was never boring. All that aside, I stretched my preternatural senses to their maximum and came up with nothing but nature. If I was actually in Forks once again then I didn't need to shoot anything. Holstering my pistols at my side, I picked up the empty magazines and stashed them away for use later and then started toward the old house. It had been burned to the ground back in fifty-three by Kurtz when he first found out where we were. We had returned a decade later to build a supplies bunker. It was there that I would be able to make some more ammunition and then return to Prague to find out if I was successful or not in killing the bastard that had done the same to my family. I'd also set aside a little time to stop by Charlie's grave. He died of natural causes back in forty-nine at the ripe old age of eighty five. Being a vampire I got used to the constant barrage of life and death; it's pretty much what humans do. They live, breathe, eat, procreate, and die – not necessarily in that order. I'm pretty sure they do other stuff too, but really, those are the highlights. For the past twenty-five years I haven't really been too concerned with anything other than staying alive and keeping those that were close to me alive as well. Edward was the first to go, since he was the first to read Kurtz's intensions when he arrived. Of course, my husband threw himself in the way to save my life while I escaped. Carlisle, Esme, and Rosalie followed soon after. Emmett was inconsolable after that and he joined her within the year, but not without taking half of Kurtz's coven with him. A low grade tactical nuke is more than enough to vaporize a vampire, just in case you wanted to know. Not that I didn't understand Emmett's feeling of loss and desire for revenge, but I wanted to make sure the guy that started it all was dead before I met my own end. Alice, Jasper, and I lasted the longest for obvious reasons. Jasper was the one that came up with the idea of modifying existing weapons to carry enough power and incendiary explosive to take out a vampire. Ever since then we've taken the fight to them. Kurtz didn't use much time replenishing his ranks, but they were grunts with no usable gifts among them. Soon enough we'd worked him down to virtually nothing and then we pounced. That's where we made our last mistake. ~O~ Ten minutes was all it took to run the distance to the tree line well behind the ruins of the old house. Simply to be cautious I took to the trees, as high as I could go, just to make sure I couldn't be scented. The outfits Alice designed were made specifically for that reason. I was of the mind that she finally had her chance to get me into something dark and skin tight. Everything was covered from neck to toe in some air tight fabric. Heavy duty boots and our weapons rigs were all that was left. That was covered up with clichéd long dark coats. Alice mentioned that if she was going to go out then it was going to be in style. My ability to leave a scent was virtually nil. My hair, blowing in the breeze would drift away in a manner of seconds. To a vampire I was essentially invisible. That was saying something. From tree to tree I leaped, keeping my eyes on the next jump and keeping my ears out for any sound that was out of the ordinary. When I was within two hundred yards I had to come to an abrupt stop. Someone was there. Someone was on Cullen land, my land, and by the sounds of the noise, they were having a party. Hatred welled up in my stomach; a feeling I had nursed like hungry newborn since its birth twenty-four years ago. It's what kept me going when all I wanted to do was join Edward. Revenge kept my hatred ripe and robust. It couldn't be the wolves. They knew better. The land hadn't been sold, because it would have had to go through Alice, Jasper, or me, at least before they died it did. That left vampires or humans. Since Kurtz had three of my rounds in his chest I sincerely doubted he was here. "Fucking humans," I spat. I didn't used to curse. I also used to live and let live when it came to humans, wolves, and vampires. Things change. Hate changes you. Hearing the screams of your victims as they burn alive changes you. Having your entire immortal family die in front of your eyes changes you. Within a hundred yards I could almost make out voices below the music. It was too loud to be able to tell exactly how many of them there were, but if they were human then there was definitely one way to scare them off. Climbing a little higher, I looked around. The area close to my former home was lit up fairly well, but the canopy of the forest made it impossible to see anything else. I breathed unnecessarily to calm my nerves, just as I did less than an hour earlier when I hugged Alice and Jasper for the last time. Slipping a hand to my web belt I withdrew my last white phosphorus grenade, pulled the ring, flipped the spoon off, and tossed it within fifty yards of the area, on the other side well away from me. If they acted accordingly, then they'd scatter. The grenade may seem like overkill, but they were the perfect weapon against vampires. Upon explosion they threw gobs of white phosphorus around. Once exposed to air, it burned, and didn't stop burning until the fuel ran out. All you need is just a little exposed venom and that's all need be done; poof, flaming vampire. The problem was that it was messy. There was no telling where the stuff would fly, so it was useless as a weapon up close. That's what the hand cannons were for, and since I had their attention diverted in the opposite direction I thought this was a perfect time to drop in on my uninvited guests. At preternatural speed I leaped from tree to tree until there was a gap large enough in the canopy to jump in a high arch, clearing the rest in a single bound. Midway into the jump I pulled both pistols, ready to kill or at the very least scare the shit out of whoever thought it was a good idea to invade my territory. A half second later I nearly dropped them when I saw the house – the Cullen house just like it was before, down to Esme's rose garden in the back. My attention was drawn so much toward the impossibly restored house that I didn't realize I was close to the ground until the last possible second to recover. That was all it really took. I was a vampire after all, and I was trained by the best vampire killer in North America. Mud and sod exploded around me when I landed on one knee and snapped my pistols up at the first movement I saw. A girl screamed