Harry Potter . The Serpent's Lament By Miracles79 . Chapter 1: The Dark Lord's plan . Disclaimer: The characters used in this Fan Fic are owned by JK Rowling and Warner Brother Studios (I think?) and are merely used in appreciation of the original author's incredible work. . . . . She had to get away, no compromises were to be made and no half-hearted appeals for leniency would ever be heard. They were coming. She needed to escape; no it was far more important than that… she had to escape. Regrettably, desperation amplified the sounds of her flight which were shortly accompanied by the sounds of heavy, almost erratic breathing, and frantic footsteps leading her away from the place she had always dreamed of calling home. Home… That was why she was here, within the constricting silence of her surroundings and the grotesquely shaped trees, which swayed from the lashings of the torrid rainstorm overhead, but despite this very fact she preceded forward never looking back for fear of what she might see. In the past, she had always been a welcome visitor to these grounds and the Mansion that rested upon its summit but now circumstances had changed, and not for the better. But that was not the only thing that had changed; it seemed as if the forest around her had also changed. As if some powerful force had laid claim to these lands, tainting it to such an extent that it was long past salvation. But despite the loss of familiarity, and the loss of a home which she had no right to call her own, she never gave in to her fear. Despite her exhaustion, the terror which consumed her fragile mind and the blood which dripped from her forehead; her legs carried her onward, towards an unknown destination, her muscles burning from the exertion of her uninterrupted escape. Brushing past numerous sharp leaves and stumbling over outstretched tree vines, she continued on with freshly made scars and newly formed bruises. However the frequent interruptions and the vines attempts to cage her, or at least impede her progress, confirmed one thing; the forest around her was coming to life and herding her as if she were a stray sheep. This was very old sorcery, and as dark and manipulative as the people who were chasing her. She heard their voices long before they approached the area where she currently lay hidden, hurriedly concealing herself behind an over turned tree to shield herself from her pursuers. She couldn't use magic because it was far too dangerous, she feared that they would find her if she used even the simplest spell such was their power over her. Their footsteps almost seemed to circle around her but it was becoming increasingly hard to pin point their location, especially since her senses were filled with the sounds of her troubled heart. "We know you're here. Did you really think you could escape from us child?" That voice was eerily familiar and could have only have belonged to Gibbon, the famed death eater who showed relentless brutality to the weak and pitiful but fear and trepidation to the more powerful; especially when it came to one Albus Dumbledore. "Come back with us child, come back to Malfoy Manor and all will be forgiven." This time Yaxley spoke with a far more chilling tone of voice, the underlying message of his statement cutting through her as she knew the obvious truth behind it. Another death eater circled where she laid, the frightening mask turning around its vicinity for even the smallest sign of its intended prey. "It doesn't have to be like this Pansy. Be reasonable now, you have nowhere to run and nobody to hide you. Show yourself now and all will be forgiven." The sickening voice mocked her, the words seeming hopeful and almost charitable but the tone giving off its real intentions. And here she was, Pansy Parkinson. The willing supporter of he-who-must-not-be-named doing everything in her power to disassociate herself from a group she had once talked of with great reverence. Taking a moment in the ample silence, Pansy mentally calmed her erratic breathing, hoping the effect would also work in calming her heart. Leaning further into the collapsed tree, Pansy used the momentary seclusion in preparation for another desperate attempt to outrun her powerful pursuers. But just as she was about to make a break for it, and risk being spotted by the approaching death eaters, a new voice entered the fray… a voice which was startlingly familiar and at one time would have been greatly welcomed whether in her time of need or in her moments of contentment. In Pansy's eyes, she had always considered him as something of a surrogate father even though her real father still lived, and that man's name was Lucius Malfoy. "Pansy, I must say I am very disappointed in you. You should fell proud, no less honoured to have been chosen. The Dark Lord has offered you a most wonderful gift, return now and all will be forgiven," Lucius stated, no word of a lie slipping from his lips as he carefully surveyed the area for any sign of his son's troublesome fiancé. For the first time since she had escaped, and listened to the uncaring and untrustworthy voices of his companions, Pansy knew he spoke the truth. Lucius would make sure no harm would come to her but not out of some sense of loyalty or actual care but because of image. After all, it would look very bad for his family if a future member of the Malfoy family was knowingly disobeying his express orders. ", The Dark Lord need not know of your moment of indiscretion. Returns to us, Pansy… you wouldn't want to upset your fiancé now would you?" And there was the clincher; none of this had anything to do with her safety but all to do with Draco Malfoy. The man she had willingly grown to love and care for despite the hopelessness of their situation. At one point Pansy had even deluded herself into believing that this feeling could have been mutual but any chance of that had been violently torn apart the moment he, Draco Malfoy, had become a death eater. That was when everything changed. . . . Draco had always been cruel by his own very nature, his less than honourable intentions for one Harry Potter and his two far less impressive friends was evidence of this but it never really troubled Pansy because she felt the same way and she was proud to say that she at least shared one small similarity with him, as unromantic as it was. Pansy absolutely detested the famous trio who were held above everyone else within Hogwarts, and wizarding society at large, not through some act of ability or sacrifice but through affiliation, in Hermione and Ron's case, and luck. Yes, Harry was lucky to have escaped the Dark Lord with nothing more than a scar on his forehead, he performed no miracles that day but merely reaped the benefit of old and forgotten magic which inevitably saved him. That was right, Pansy was well aware of how Harry Potter actually survived. Despite the various rumours and beliefs to the contrary, Harry had not survived per say but it was more that Lily Potter had sacrificed herself in the name of her son. She performed no spell, no incantation but was merely resolute in her belief that Harry must survive no matter the cost. It was forgotten magic which the Dark Lord only became aware of since very recently, from the mouth of his trusted spy; Severus Snape. Pansy had only ever met he-who-must-not-be-named on two separate occasions and she never stayed too long, for fear of offending the most powerful wizard to have ever lived. However the same could not be said for her fiancé, Draco Malfoy, who was forced to accompany the Dark Lord in preparation for his final task, his "initiation" as the other had come to call it. It was during this initiation process when the Draco she had always known and cared for… had been completely extinguished. Many death eaters talked as if his initiation was far crueller than any before him but that was not surprising as he had been tasked with a single and impossible order; to kill Albus Dumbledore. The pressure of such a task, to have been commanded to kill the only man who had fought the Dark Lord in open combat and lived to tell the tale, it utterly consumed him and turned him into someone that Pansy couldn't identify with. That pressure alone would have crippled any man, no matter how brave or demonic their intentions could be. But that wasn't all Draco had to contend with because he had already been named as Slytherin's newest prefect and was therefore responsible for far more than any young man could contend with. And with this new source of power Draco took every opportunity to bully those weaker than him or less fortunate whether through physical means or psychologically, with the latter becoming his personal favourite because like he said "There is nothing more satisfying that watching someone lose their will to live." But Pansy knew that this was just Draco hitting out in anger and frustration, and after the first few incidents he gradually became disinterested in the power he had always sought and the words he spoke in such jest now seemed hollow because this time it was Draco that was losing his will to live. And in time his methods also became crueller and his patience more so. Often, when he wanted something he would take it by force but now when he couldn't afford to do so or the risk heavily outweighed the object he desired he would use less courteous tactics, and blackmail was something he truly revelled in. Of course if he had no honest blackmail then he would forge it or create a situation which would work in his favour, after all Pansy wasn't the only one who was willing to do anything for Draco… there were many other girls who would risk public scandal for the chance of 'spending time with him.' Many claimed that Malfoy was extremely fortunate, with a knowing tone in their voice; because he always seemed to stumble upon 'evidence' which would see his target involved in rather compromising situations with one of these so called fans of his and the pictures were rarely modest. It was better in fact when his target was already in a relationship because then he would have the bastard right where he wanted them. But while Pansy knew of all these things and ignored all the blatant signs of his unfaithful behaviour, the one thing that hurt her the most was the accusations of his violent tendencies. Many honestly believed that Draco physically assaulted her, and frequently, and this was what upset her most because Draco never actually harmed Slytherin's princess, in fact he had always been quite protective of her. There had been many times when Pansy had wanted a little bit of what he gave to his helpers or "Draco's whores" as others named them, but every time she attempted to instigate a kiss he would refuse with the most beautiful and yet hurtful words she had ever heard. "Don't waste your first on me." His reluctant behaviour, his sexual acts amongst love struck fans and his sporadically caring attitude cut Pansy deeply because she loved him, she really did love him. Despite all his glaringly obvious insecurities and limitations, Draco was the man she loved and she would, through their family's merger, one day proudly be named as Pansy Malfoy but every time she brought up this very fact Draco would become angry and cut all forms of communication with her. For Pansy it was strange though because Draco, despite his kind