Harry Potter . The Succubus By Miracles79 . Prologue: Powerless . . Disclaimer: The characters used in this Fan Fic are owned by JK Rowling and Warner Brother Studios (I think?) and are merely used in appreciation of the original author's incredible work. I own nothing apart from the story contained within these words, if that. . . . . Darkness had spread its way through Hogwarts castle; the sun's rays receding from view to be replaced by black clouds and shadow. A cold chill descended with the fog, a sign that winter had arrived early this time of year. It was not an unexpected phenomenon but most certainly uncomfortable for the few that remained inside the imposing castle. Thankfully, for the occupants that stayed behind, there were none of the usual sounds of late night cramming or whispered conversation in the halls. And, why should there be? School had finally finished for the year, students returning to their families in droves. The only people who remained were the more industrious members of the teaching body: Professor McGonagall, Severus Snape and Rubeus Hagrid, to name but a few. Most kept to themselves working into the night to plan lessons or check the attendance sheets for their houses. But on this occasion, and rather out of the ordinary, tonight, Minerva McGonagall could be seen walking through the halls, moving further away from her office. To most this would not have seemed a strange occurrence but to those who truly knew the professor it would have seemed very out of character. Minerva McGonagall was a very studious woman; she worked diligently and always kept a close eye on her students whether they were from her house or not. She was also known for rarely venturing outside her office unless called upon to teach classes or lead rounds about the castle, which was always tedious and uneventful. A common trend, amongst older, love-struck, students, was to use the empty classrooms as their own personal make out room. Unfortunately, this idea was almost always accompanied by stupidity; how older students did not have the forethought to use silencing spells was beyond Minerva. Not that she condoned these actions, oh no, in fact she despised the idea entirely, but her displeasure was only second to that of disappointment. To think that Hogwarts's oldest students had not had the sense to perform even the simplest of spells; it was embarrassing to say the least. Did her lessons not sink into their heads or something? But, never the less, and as she had always been reminded, these rounds were for the student's better protection. She would endure whatever came if it meant her students felt safe and protected. So, in hindsight, it was best to say; she rarely left her office unless her profession dictated that she must. So it begs the question; why was Minerva walking the halls when she would much prefer to stay locked up inside her office, working? The simple answer: Albus Dumbledore, the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and wizardry, had called for a meeting. The message, like most messages from Albus, was prompt and to the point, the deadline being this afternoon in fact. That was why Professor McGonagall could be seen walking the halls towards Dumbledore's office, her steps calm and measured. Having reached the entrance to the Headmaster's office, Minerva spoke to the stone gargoyle who only glowered up at her as she approached. Minerva might have been feeling paranoid but the gargoyle always seemed to have that same look of loathing in its eye every time she entered. She doubted it was a personal grudge but it still confused her, although most things which involved Albus Dumbledore would confuse her. Ignoring the gargoyle, Minerva climbed up the circling stairs unperturbed as they revolved and ascended towards a wooden door high above. As she waited, McGonagall pondered on a question she had been asking herself ever since she received the letter from Dumbledore. The question being; why was she called to Albus's office at such short notice? Were any of the students from her house in danger of being excluded? Doubtful, that honour, thankfully, resided with Severus Snape and more importantly Slytherin House. Snape would often be called to Albus's office to discuss complaints raised against his house, the usual pupils discussed being; Draco Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson. In fact, in an uncomfortable statistic, it was revealed that both Draco and Pansy had received more warnings than all the students in Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw combined. Severus must have had a remarkable way with words as neither had been excluded for their behaviour… not yet anyhow. So, Minerva doubted it had anything to do with exclusion. Perhaps it had something to do with… behaviour? Once again that suggestion sounded very unlikely. Aside from a few students who caused frequent disruptions in class, I.e. Fred and George - Gryffindor was a very well behaved house. There numerous victories, over other houses, in the house cup were a testament to that. Although, if Minerva was being brutally honest, the cup was won single-handedly by Hermione Granger who achieved at least two-thirds of their total house points alone. … If teachers were allowed favourites then McGonagall would have picked Hermione Granger, from all the students she had taught over the years, in a heartbeat. Hermione was not only intelligent but had a work ethic that beggared belief; she was polite and had been Minerva's only choice for Gryffindor's prefect this year. She came to Hogwarts from a muggle upbringing and yet on her first day she had put all other students to shame with her knowledge and understanding of complex subjects. A student this rare was simply a treat to behold. The last student with such a rare gift was none other than Chloe Roberts who would go on to become the highest ranking member of the auror office. So, behaviour wasn't an option either. Which meant only one thing; it had something to do with the, so called, 'Golden Trio.' It wasn't a hard deduction because in all her years of teaching she had never discussed students so frequently then Hermione Granger, Ronald Weasley and Harry Potter. She only wondered which member this discussion would involve; most likely Harry as he managed to cause trouble both inside Hogwarts and out. Not that he was a trouble-maker, oh no, in fact Harry was remarkably well behaved for someone with so much publicity. He was not exactly diligent in his studies either, much like Ron, but he had a level head and a talent for quelling danger whenever it reared its ugly head. So, with somewhat of an understanding of the situation, Minerva stepped off the revolving stair case and walked towards the door. To her surprise the door was already wide open, and before she could knock to make Dumbledore aware of her presence, the same man's voice reached her. "Come in Minerva, have a seat. I fear this conversation may take us a while so it's best we get started." Already a bad sign, Albus's voice sounded worn and that was something she did not expect of the usually vibrant Headmaster. Stepping through, Minerva saw Albus feeding a young phoenix on its porch, the fire which surrounded the feathery beast igniting with every mouthful of food. Walking to a chair in front of the headmaster's desk, Minerva took a seat and waited for Albus to follow. The situation sounded important, and if the piles of parchment left on his desk were any indication the topic would not be easy to digest. "Before we start; would you like a sherbet lemon?" "No, that's quite alright." Minerva replied, wanting to get to the brunt of the problem. "A shame. I have grown quite fond of these since returning from London." Having said that Albus un-wrapped a small yellow sweet and popped it in his mouth, savouring the taste as he went to sit down. However, as Albus sat in his chair, McGonagall immediately seized upon the name of the city he had mistakenly divulged. "From London?" Minerva repeated, sensing the subject of this conversation immediately. "So this has something to do with Harry? Is he alright?" Chuckling, Albus removed his half mooned spectacles and rubbed them against the cuff of his cloak. "As far as I know Harry is fine… and living with his Aunt and Uncle if I'm not mistaken. No, the topic I wish to discuss at this time doesn't actually involve Harry. Better yet, it involves a close friend of his; Hermione Granger." Taken a back, McGonagall probed on. "Ms Granger? Has she done something wrong?" "No, no. Quite like always Ms Granger has been an excellent student with perfect attendance and even better grades." Albus's expression gradually turned as he considered how best to approach the next topic. It would be difficult and very hard to explain, not to mention comprehend. He had only recently acquired the information from a well trusted source and even now he was struggling under its weight. Over sight was one thing but to be completely blind to the signs was something else entirely, most unlike the reputable wizard who always kept his priorities in check. "Unfortunately, this year might prove to be very difficult for Ms Granger. I'm not even sure what will happen, if I'm honest; this is the first time I've ever faced a situation as complex as this." "What do you mean, Albus? What's going on?" Looking Minerva in the eye, Albus straightened up and prepared for the worst. … … "Hermione Granger is not what she appears." "Sorry?" Minerva uttered, all other forms of speech lost to her at the present time. Motionless, a cold shiver spread through Minerva's body, eyes wide as she looked at Albus's stern features. This was not just some joke said in poor taste. Albus was serious, and more importantly he was speaking no word of a lie. Which meant…? "It's like I said," Albus continued, cutting off Minerva's reverie. "Hermione Granger is not, in fact, Hermione Granger." "I'm sorry, Albus, you've completely lost me. What do you mean Hermione isn't… Hermione?" Looking down at the piles of parchment cluttering his desk, Albus picked up the first one closest to him and showed it to Professor McGonagall. Leaving the parchment in front of Minerva, Albus then picked up a second parchment and placed it beside the first one. Confused by these actions, Minerva poured over the contents but was left feeling a little unsure of what she was supposed to be looking for. "This is Ms Granger's personal information, am I correct?" "Yes." Looking back towards the parchment Minerva scanned the contents a second time but everything seemed to be in order. To her well trained eye nothing seemed to be out of the ordinary; her age, gender, birthplace and everything else that was included was right and up to date. So, why did Albus seem unnerved by these documents? "I don't see the problem. This information is in line with everything I know about Ms Granger, unless her information has changed all of a sudden." "It has," Albus muttered, scratching his chin with a sigh of resignation. "Hermione Granger's personal information is incorrect, almost all of it in fact." "'Incorrect?' But… how? I don't understand?" "I will tell you but Minerva, what I am about to tell you must stay in this office. It cannot be discussed with anyone other than myself, am I understood?" The stern manner in which Albus asked this question caught Minerva off guard. She was one of Albus's most trusted advisors and he would rarely talk to her like this. The only conclusion she could make was that the matter was of the upmost importance. Albus only ever acted in this manner when lives were in the balance and if Hermione was in any sort of danger then Minerva would support her in any way she can. Hermione