. Harry Potter . Is This Love? By Miracles79 . Chapter 1: An Underlying Truth . . Disclaimer: The characters used in this Fan Fic are owned by JK Rowling and Warner Brother Studios (I think?) and are merely used in appreciation of the original author's incredible work. I own nothing apart from the story contained within these words, if that. . . . . In the early hours of Saturday morning, with the autumn gloom settling in around the outskirts of the castle, a lone figure sat. The scenery which surrounded this young individual should have been enough to raise even the loneliest of spirits. And yet despite the beauty of snow covering the withered branches above, the youngest Weasley felt neither moved nor showed any signs of caring in the least. Instead the figure merely pondered on things which continued to torture and torment her conscience without remorse. It had been another difficult day for Ginny Weasley. But not only that, but it had also been a day that she could neither feel proud or happy about no matter how badly she tried to make it so. How could any day be fulfilling when it lacked the very thing that Ginny craved and desired, in all senses of the words? The solution to her problem was simple, often even a few feet away, and yet Ginny knew that she must be avoided at all costs. Of course when Ginny refers to a ' she' it could have only been one beautiful woman, Hermione Granger. So how could any day be satisfying when Ginny ignored the one person who meant more to her than anyone else in the entire world? How could she feel elation when she purposely neglected, avoided, or otherwise rejected every action Hermione attempted to instigate? … How did things come to this? Over the years Hermione and Ginny had become good friends; best friends even, if Ginny was allowed to hope for such a close distinction. Inseparable in almost every way really, except in one thing. Unbeknownst to the renowned 'bookworm,' Ginny harboured feelings which were far more intimate than mere friendship and as such, in Ginny's mind, far more distasteful. She was, and had always been, in love with Hermione Granger. It was as simple as that, Ginny Weasley had fallen for her best friend. Not only had Ginny fallen in love, but she also had many thoughts about the bushy haired brunette which were far from pure and would shatter the friendship they had built over the last few years, in the most finalist of terms. That's why, hidden beneath the wilting cherry tree, Ginny took in a moment of solace, the silence settling the red heads nerves. For the past few hours Ginny had been so very ill at ease. Evading one Hermione Granger was no easy feat and yet it was a feat which had to be accomplished. Love had been the reason for this sudden separation. The reason why she ignored Hermione's very presence because to acknowledge her concerned gaze, her questioning tone or even her feather light touch – all these simple ever day occurrences – would cause Ginny both discomfort and pain. Was she deceiving Hermione with her less than platonic feelings? Honestly, she didn't know. But the nightmarish thought of losing Hermione because of such unrequited emotions was something Ginny could not face. So, despite her Gryffindor colours, which had always been an undeniable strength of hers, Ginny began to lose all hope and courage. These feelings she encased inside her heart were not the only things which festered within her however. The memories and faces of the dead were also eating at her conscience. The loss of Fred, her own flesh and blood, older brother, had been a significant blow and one which she would never be able to recover from, at least fully. Friends, family: so many had been lost during the war against Lord Voldermort and his followers. An unfair and persistent reminder of how fragile human life really was, and how you should cherish every moment with the people you love as if it was their last. But while the dead remained a permanent fixture within her traumatised mind, that did not mean there was no room for more. It seemed even her future would not let her rest because, in a startling realisation, Hermione had become the person Ginny wanted to share her future, her life with. The notion of choosing a woman over a man had never even entered Ginny's mind because it had never been about men or women. If Ginny was to be truly happy, then it had to be Hermione. No one could have granted her everlasting happiness, all except her most treasured friend; Hermione Jean Granger. But while Hermione was her perfect future, or at least her desired future, she was also completely and utterly unattainable. Ginny had always known this. In the years that they had come together, as friends, Hermione had never made any mention of same sex relationships because, in Ginny's mind at least, Hermione had never seen it as a possibility. Of course Hermione was aware of the concept of same sex marriage and such, and probably even accepted the notion unlike other bigots within the wizarding world. But that didn't mean she would have welcomed such a proposition. There was no way around it, Hermione was straight. Not only was she straight but she was also in love with Ginny's older brother, Ronald Weasley. It was so obvious… and as such, so painful. To be denied love by your own flesh and blood, whether unintentional or not, was hard to fathom. To know that Ron would be the 'lucky' one, to be the one to share moments that only lovers were capable of, was even more disconcerting. But to know that Ron could offer Hermione something which Ginny was physically incapable of: the ability to produce a baby… now that was painfully disheartening. It may have been far too early in life to ponder such things, after all Ginny had not even left her teenage years. But after the trauma of a war which still remained fresh on everyone's minds, prioritizes changed and it suddenly brought things into a new found perspective. Ginny did not want to suffer or feel saddened anymore, she wanted happiness. No, she had more than earned happiness. Ginny wanted a fulfilling and wonderful life, to be a Quidditch ace and succeeded in any and all ventures. But most of all she wanted a family, and after seeing so much death Ginny finally wanted to view new life once again. A child she could call her own, and a partner who give her life meaning. This dream of hers bitterly disappointed Ginny however, because of its horrific implications. You see, while Ron could offer Hermione new life, all Ginny could offer Hermione was stagnation; a barrier had been created between Hermione and Ginny which could never be crossed no matter how badly Ginny wanted to cross it. Ginny could produce a baby with any man she desired and yet the thought never even occurred to her, but it did when she thought of one Hermione Granger. Why was this the case…? Why did she dream of a life alongside Hermione Granger who was accompanied by a small child of their own…? Bushy red hair, brown curious eyes and a young playful expression full of love and a keen thirst for knowledge; that was the child who greeted Ginny's field of vision. But even as the child stood beside Hermione, her loving, practically glowing mother, Ginny knew that the child could never be. She was a creation of her imagination nothing more. She was the impossible child… Even within a world blessed with magic, same sex couples had to make do with adoptive agencies. Ginny often wondered why there was no magical incantation which could allow two women the means of having a baby. If magic promised endless possibilities then why didn't any witch or wizard look into the theory or likelihood of such a spell working? Maybe there just wasn't a market for it, same sex relationships were still highly frowned upon within the wizarding world, although admittedly less so that the muggle equivalent. This was why Ginny held in such bitterness… Such disappointment in things she could not control or at least alter to fit her whims… Why was Ginny feeling this way at a time of victory…? Surely in a time of victory Ginny should have been rejoicing just like everyone else, or at least mourning the losses which affected her on a nightly basis. The Dark Lord had been vanquished; the tormentors of the known world were no more. The remaining Death Eaters had been locked away, defeated and left to suffer for their crimes at the hands of dementors. So, why wasn't she celebrating? Why was she still stuck in a rut, unable to face Hermione who wanted nothing more than to talk with her closest friend? It could have been due to her nagging resentment. Even after the events of the war, Ginny still held some measure of resentment towards the 'Golden trio' for leaving her behind when they set out on their quest to retrieve and destroy the last remaining horcruxes. To this day they remained her closest friends; her brother, her ex-boyfriend and her best friend turned romantic interest. Was it any surprise that she wanted to ensure their safety, by any means necessary? Never knowing where they were, how they were or whether they were even still alive… How was Ginny supposed to feel when she knew nothing but speculation and gossip? But of course, the 'Golden trio' had rejected her intentions without a single acknowledgement of her argument. They would always come up with the same excuses over and over again. Ginny was always too young, too inexperienced, and, as Ron had admitted, far too headstrong. How dare they suggest such a thing…? Too young; she was only a year younger than them and had seen things which would have left older men squirming in discomfort, unable to function properly most likely. But she had survived all that, Tom Riddle's diary being her most significant point as Ginny believed she had some knowledge of Lord Voldermort's inner workings. This was of course refuted by Harry and dismissed completely afterwards by the remaining duo. Then there was the belief that she was too inexperienced; Ginny could not believe this particular statement, she had been a prominent member of Dumbledore's army. Renowned for her excellent form and poise in practical demonstrations during Defence against the Dark Arts lessons, and was resourceful and adaptable to boot. How could she be considered as too inexperienced? Then there was the kicker, too headstrong; well, that was rich coming from the three of them. Ginny knew that she could be rash, not taking all matters into account before acting was known to be her greatest drawback, but to have been this by the three most rash and irresponsible people she had ever known, now that was saying a lot. But of course when they acted of their own accord, 'the Golden trio' was considered heroes and lauded with praise and recognition. But when it concerned Ginny, no, it was far too rushed and ill thought out. But despite her inner grumbles, Ginny knew she loved her friends dearly, in varying amounts and differing ways, but she loved them nonetheless. In the case of Ron, Ginny loved him like a big brother who, while admittedly slow, was far more trustworthy than anyone she had met. Harry, well he was a skilled fighter who possessed such a warm and compassionate heart; it was one of the reasons why Ginny had once, many years ago, felt so drawn to him. And then… there was Hermione. Hermione Jean Granger, Ginny loved the brunette with every fibre of her being.