Harry Potter . We Beat in Unison By Miracles79 . One shot 1: Black Rain . Disclaimer: The characters used in this Fan Fic are owned by JK Rowling and Warner Brother Studios (I think?) and are merely used in appreciation of the original author's incredible work. I own nothing apart from the story contained within these words, if that. . . . Gasping in surprise, Ginny allowed the freely flowing droplets of cold water to coat her milk white skin. There was an unfortunate truth concerning the Gryffindor bathroom; while the facilities were top of the line and lovingly varnished, the same could not be said for the water regulation system. It would take over three minutes for the hot water to kick in and while Ginny waited she was forced to deal with temperatures which would have made even the manliest of men emit a girlish scream for all to hear, at least in Ginny's mind. She had just returned from another hard day's practice, Harry hell bent on preparing the team for their upcoming match with Slytherin. Not that Ginny would complain though, Quidditch was her life and the more time she had to train the less time she had to ponder on things which clouded her judgement and sent her heart tumbling into an abyss. How could Ginny not be angry…? It had happened again, that one sight which effectively nauseated the beautiful red head and yet the one thing which she could never interfere in. The sight of which she was referring to was that of her own brother, Ron, seen blatantly staring at one Hermione Granger from across the Gryffindor common room. She had seen it many times, Ron's purposeful stare directed towards the diligent bookworm who was doing what all diligent bookworms did… working, study, honing her craft in the wizarding world. Completely oblivious to the look Ron sent her way, or at least that appeared to be the case. It also didn't help that Ron was further exacerbating matters which pertained to Hermione and Ginny's only feelings on the matter. On the day the team was supposed to practice in preparation for the big match, Ron opted to stay behind instead… an unexpected leave of absence which Ron neither commented on nor cared to explain. Of course, Ginny would only find out later the reason why Harry had given Ron special permission, and on the Quidditch pitch no less where she was powerless to stop whatever would transpire between the two. That was right. Tonight would be the night that Ron would confess to Hermione Granger, the woman who had stolen the heart of a Weasley… but not the Weasley which many people would have expected but Ron's sister, Ginny. But what could she do…? How could Ginny come to terms with her feeling if someone was just going to jump the queue without her knowledge…? Despite the sibling bond between the two, Ginny felt nothing but apathy for her dear brother Ronald Weasley. This wasn't right. She thought Hermione would remain single for longer, not because no one was interested in her but because the one person she was interested in refused to act. But now his days of inaction had seemed to be at an end and she was going to lose Hermione because of it. It wasn't fair. Ginny had held these feelings for Hermione for so long and considered every possible option that was left open to her. She didn't even have time to come to terms with her own feelings, she thought she had time. That she would realise the extent of her feelings while Hermione was still on the market, available. But things had not turned out the way she had planned because her brother had made the first move, Ginny would have to settle for second best… a place she had become very much used to. This was all too soon, so unexpected… And as such, Ginny's bad mood transferred over into the teams practice session. There was a noticeable difference in Ginny's playing style because, while she had always been an aggressive player, she always used to channel that aggression into the correct actions but now she was all over the place and likely to cause damage to others rather than herself. So it was regrettable, but not surprising, when Ginny sent the Quaffle tearing towards their stand in keeper... the poor unfortunate boy's noes breaking on impact with a sickening thud. She had been warned many times by her teammates to calm down before this incident but that only fuelled her anger, she felt like everyone was against her and turned a blind eye to their worries but not after she had seen the damage she had caused. It was also unsurprising when Harry physically dragged Ginny towards the ground, leaving the other members of the team to tend to their injured Keeper. A verbal sparring match commenced between the two, Harry the voice of reason and criticism while Ginny became the voice of pessimism and resentment… for everyone seemed to be against her on that day. Even one of her closest and most treasured friends Harry Potter. It upset Ginny to have this war of words with Harry. Harry was, after all, a loyal and compassionate friend; not to mention the one and only man who had ever made her heart skip a beat at his mere sight… But like most things Ginny outgrow this particular phase and looked at Harry in the only way she thought possible; as a friend. Harry had been made captain of the team for a reason and his leadership was on display for all to see. Without waiting for further venom, or unretract able words, Harry ordered Ginny to leave the stadium and return to the common immediately. Whilst Ginny was forced to leave the groups side, Harry ordered the remaining members to escort their stand in keeper to Madam Pomfrey. Even as Ginny left she couldn't hide the guilt or concern she felt for the boy who held his nose which had become slippery with blood. But as Ginny left she saw this moment as an opportunity. An opportunity to stop whatever was happening between Ron and Hermione, to nip it in the bud before it flourished into something far removed from friendship. When she arrived in the common room, Ginny searched the area for any sign of her bushy haired friend but with no measure of success. This was not the only thing which worried her though because Ron had also gone missing too; despite the growing attention she was receiving, Ginny was in too much of a hurry to ask any of the students concerning their location… perhaps fearing what they might say. With due haste Ginny had sprinted up the stairs towards the dormitories, her need to find Hermione had not yet been sated. Fear compelled her forward at break neck speed, students recoiling from the red heads determination which forced them to huddle against the wall for fear of being trampled underfoot. But to Ginny there was much need to be worried; she already knew how Hermione felt about Ron. Yes, Hermione had even been kind enough to talk in clear, unaltered detail about her feelings for a certain 'Weasley.' In her heart Ginny knew that Ron's confession would mean the world to Hermione, and make her happy beyond belief, but that was only for the short term and Ginny knew that. Ron had the attention span of a deranged goldfish, while he would cherish Hermione with love and attention for the first few months it would never last. No, Ron wasn't right for Hermione. And even she, Ginny, knew that she wasn't right for Hermione either but that wasn't going to stop her from trying. Unlike Ron Ginny knew how to treat the one she loved. Ginny would have devoted herself to Hermione's every whim and desire, would have been a considerate lover but at the same time far from someone who caved to pressure. Love was about loving and only Ginny could offer Hermione such a thing in its rawest form. But it was as Ginny made it to her own dorm quarter that she heard a strange and disagreeable sound coming from somewhere above. Anxiety replaced anger; trepidation replaced fear… but despite this Ginny moved forward on trembling knees. The sounds which permeated from up above became gradually clearer, and incredibly more foreign to young red head. As Ginny approached the head girl's door, she heard the unmistakeable sound again. A sound which, at one point in her life, would send her to heaven and back but on this occasion it was like a dagger in her heart. She heard a faint and yet cute ring of laughter escaping from the opposite side of the locked door followed shortly by the successive sounds of Hermione's kind sized bed squeaking, practically quacking at its hinges. Ginny could have prepared herself for this… She didn't even need to consider what was occurring behind this door anymore… It was so obvious now, Hermione and Ron were now a couple… and not only that but they were having sex behind this very door. Without warning a strangled gasp left her lips, Ginny clapping her hands over her mouth in her horror. She waited in complete silence, the bed no longer squeaking in erratic bliss, praying to all the gods that she had not been heard. But her wishes had been ignored once again as she heard the sound of footsteps steadily approach the door. Fleeing as quickly, and silently, as she could Ginny hid behind the spanning stairway realising that any more movement would alter Hermione to her presence. "Ginny…?" Hermione called into the darkness. The person in question however made no attempts to answer Hermione's concerned question. You could have cut the tension like a proverbial knife, Ginny, with her hand still clamped around her mouth, held her breath and slowly edged herself away from the staircase fearing Hermione's insatiable need to investigate everything which had to be known. Ginny's personal approximation was proven accurate when Hermione tilted her head around the corner of the stairway, Ginny hiding further along the stairway for fear of being caught by the one she desired. But after several more silent footsteps, Hermione retreated back inside her personal housing accommodation which left Ginny with the much needed task of escaping as quickly and silently as she can. A combination of Ginny's sweat, carried over from her vigorous train session, and the allure of isolation which came with the Gryffindor bathrooms forced Ginny's mind. She was in for a much needed cleansing both of her body and if at all possible that of her heart. . . . All these torturous events eventually culminated in the ice cold shower which Ginny was now receiving. The much promised isolation still rang true as nobody had arrived in the time she had been here, the entrance magically sealed by her hand in case anyone thought otherwise. She didn't care if they were dirty or tired Ginny needed to take this moment for herself, as much as she loved Hogwarts and all its inner workings the one thing she despised was the thought of showering alongside other women. She despised this idea not because of any prejudice towards her own kind but because of how gossip and open measurements were made between close friends and, Ginny believed, experimenting lovers. The thought of touching Hermione in such a way was incredibly enticing but she would never have acted on her feelings. If she was to touch Hermione intimately then it would be in a mutually beneficial way, when they both knew of each other's feelings and reciprocated it without any second guessing. Within the constricting silence Ginny allowed her mask to slip, the pain she felt through Hermione's rapture was painful to admit. So with nothing to do, no vehicle