Nell I wasn't sure what I was doing, what I was making, or even how. My hands were a blur of motion, at least until they caught fire. I dropped the, whatever it was, and tried to pat out the flames but they wouldn't go out so I took a deep breath and counted to three. "One...two...three." The flames died and I examined my hands for scorch-marks, luckily there were none. My worst fear was that my friends would find out, I hadn't even told Leo, the new kid at school. He had a way with building things too and we had become automatic friends, he was funny but skinny dirty. He smelled like motor oil all the time, which was fine with me, and his hands were always black but at least he took a shower every day. Not that I had ever seen him take one, eww, I didn't like him like that. He was more like a brother to me. The storage closet door opened and I hid the thing I had been making behind my back but then sighed when it was only Leo. "Dang girl, why you so jumpy?" he said. I shrugged, "Wasn't expecting anyone to come in." "And why does it smell like fire?" "Smoke, it smells like smoke. Fire doesn't have a smell." "You'd be surprised," he mumbled. "It smelled like that before I came in here," I said quickly. If he only knew what I had done, he wouldn't want to be near me. "What's this?" he asked, taking my contraption in his hands. "No, Don't!" I yelled, but too late and he pressed the button on the side. The wires sprang out and wrapped around his wrists, ankle's and mouth and started working their way around his body until he was a mummy except for his eyes and nose. "Oops," I whispered and reached over and pressed the button again and instantly the wires retracted into the sphere. Leo looked at me with his eyes wide and his mouth hanging open, "How did you...Awesome!" he grinned. "Can I do it again?" "No, I don't know how many charges I'll get out of it and I want to use it on a certain someone." I couldn't see my face but I imagined it was pretty scary. I felt my skin beginning to get hot and I silently counted to three again and cooled down. "Whoa, Nelly, don't be turning to the dark side on me," Leo said stepping back playfully and putting his hands up. I glared at him, "I told you not to call me that, it's Nell." He sighed dramatically, "Fine...Nelly." I lunged for him but he was quick and darted out the door as I chased after him. We were both panting and laughing as we came to a stop at the same time, me giving up the chase and him giving up running from me. We had run halfway across the huge campus while the teachers shouted at us to slow down. I looked over at him, it was Friday (free day we called it), which meant no uniforms and he was wearing the strangest assortment of clothing, between the hat, the plain white shirt, Jeans, and an old army jacket he looked incredibly odd yet he pulled it off and looked good in it. The most interesting thing he always wore (much to the displeasure of the teachers) was a tool belt, but it was always empty, which I didn't get because I had seen him secretly pull things out of it. I had asked about it once but he just gave me a look that I could have sworn said, "You're not ready to know that yet." Magic tool-belt? I had thought after I had first seen him take a spool of copper wire out of it and hand it to me. We walked back to the cafeteria where we sat for breakfast, alone at our table in the corner. Halfway through the meal a little kid with buckteeth and large round glasses came up to us and plopped down. "Hi," he said quickly then stared at us. I hadn't figured out why a kid like that was at a school like this. The school was for troubled and problem kids. Gary was just a normal geek who had a tendency to talk really fast. He was really our only other friend. "Hey, Gary, what's up?" Leo asked. I closed my eyes, that was the worst thing you could ask this guy. Immediately he shot into a very in depth explanation of a science project he was working on. I managed to tune him out but Leo seemed genuinely interested. My mind wandered and I found myself in a blazing room as a five year old, crying. The flames where surrounding me, eating away everything I had ever known. Then the door broke down and a firefighter burst in, he scared me with his big red suit and mask on. He took the mask off when I pulled away from him, it was smoky and he started to cough but he managed to say, "It's alright, I'm here to help you. I'm gonna get you out of here." He had been so kind and as he carried me out I asked about my mom but he hadn't answered. The smoke did bother me but not as much as it should have and when the Paramedics checked me out they were stunned that I hadn't even been burned and I had only been slightly affected by the smoke. I didn't think I had started the fire, I had just been playing with screwdrivers my mom had left lying around and when I looked up the fire was there. The whole house seemed to burning. My mom's body hadn't been found but she never came to get me either. "She could still be alive," I said aloud, not meaning to. Leo and Gary both looked me and Leo asked, "What?" "Nothing," I said quickly, "I-I'll tell you later." Then I stood and walked back to my dorm where I face-planted my pillow and began to sob, I didn't know why though. The door burst open and I heard Leo say, "Okay, so what did you mean by what you said in the cafeteria? Wait, are you crying?" He never knocked, he just came right in whenever he wanted, which I suppose was okay since I didn't have a roommate. We had only known each other for five months but it felt like we had known each other for forever. I groaned, "Go away Leo Valdez, I don't want to talk about it right now." But of course, he didn't go away, he hauled me to my feet and forced me to walk with him out to the metal working shop where he sat me down and crossed his arms, puffing out his bottom lip like our teacher, Professor Daltwargon. "Now listen young lady," he said mimicking the creepy man's cold voice, "You'll tell me what I want to hear and you'll do it this instant." Leo grinned when my frown broke and I smiled. "So, you gonna tell me or not?" I couldn't stop myself and the words flowed from me like a river. Why was I telling him this? I didn't tell him that I could summon fire but when I was done he sat very still, which almost scared me to death but then I saw that his mind was working a million miles an hour. Suddenly he shrugged and his hands pulled a few things from his belt and he began absently building but he didn't say anything for a few minutes and to my relief, what he did say had nothing to do with my story. Then I thought maybe he hadn't heard it, but I knew better, he didn't have anything to say about it because he knew there was nothing he could say to make it better. "You never finished your breakfast, you know, I made that specially for you." I laughed, "You didn't make anything you can't cook." Then he raised an eyebrow, "Oh yeah? Obviously you have never witnessed the awesomeness that is Leo Valdez. I'm gonna have to make you my favorite spicy tacos, you'll love them. My mom taught me how to cook before..." he trailed off and his eyes went distant but then he snapped back, "Okay, let's get to class before we're late." Leo I wished I could smell monsters like the Satyrs could, it would make this job a whole lot easier. Luckily we'd made it five months without an attack, though I suppose that wasn't bad, we weren't exactly children of the big three like Percy and Jason and Nico. I had started going to school there in the middle of November and now school was almost out. I hadn't attended an actual school since the Wilderness School but I seemed to fit on perfectly fine here, everybody loved me, they all tried to be my friend but I was like, dramatic head swish, "No, I'm here for only one person, I can't be friends with all of you. I sorry, team Leo all the way baby." I mean, that didn't actually happen, but it did in my head. After I started talking to Nelly everyone decided they didn't like my jokes after all. Once they tried to dunk my head in the toilet but I caught my hair on fire and started screaming bloody murder like a madman before they could. Man, that was fun. They never wanted to go near me again after that but I didn't blame them. I got what I was looking for, getting close to my half-sister, now I just had to protect her for the rest of the school year and get her back to Camp Half-Blood. How was I supposed to know the monster was our very own Professor Daltwargon. Of course, I should have known it was him, anyone with a name like that had to be a monster. Apparently Manticore's knew how to play really good teachers because I didn't see this guy until he was right on top of me. "Say away from her Demi-God, she's mine. I've been watching you these last five months, I wasn't intending on having two Demi-God's as an after school snack but the more the merrier," he growled. I ducked as he whipped his tail around and shot a spike of poison at me. It missed, barely and I shot a fireball at his head, sending him back twenty feet. He should have burst into flames but when he didn't I ran for it, right into the crowded cafeteria. Surely he wouldn't follow me in there. He didn't but I knew he was waiting for me to come back out and there was only one exit. I sat next to Nelly and tried to act normal but... "What's up with you? Why are you all sweaty?" "Huh? Oh, I was...working out," I flexed my nonexistent muscles and she laughed. "So, the years almost over, are you going to be heading home to your parent's?" "Um, not exactly, I go to this camp that's only for special people like you and me," I told her. "Maybe you could come with me." I could see her thinking about it but then she said, "I would have to talk to my foster parents about it and I don't think they would let me go, they can't exactly pay for things like that." "Oh, you don't have to pay anything," I said quickly. She cocked her head, "Really? What kind of camp doesn't make you pay to go to it?" Just then the door opened and Professor Daltwargon slipped in, unnoticed by the others student's, and glared right at me. "Um...um, I think you're going to find out sooner than I was hoping." "What?" "Quick, I'll distract him, you run