A/N: okay this is my very first attempt at a LoTR fic so please bear that in mind as you read through it. I am still figuring out the way I want to write the characters and I may have a few things off but I'm not one hundred percent sure. Please excuse any incorrect elvish, this is also my first attempt at writing/speaking the language in any form. Reviews and constructive criticism are of course welcomed. Please, no flaming. Let me know what ya'll think though, I really want to know if this is any good! Disclaimer: Sadly, I do not own any of it. But how I wish I did! ~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~ "Legolas hir vuin! (my lord) " the blond elf turned, his blue eyes landing on the dark haired elf rushing toward him. He gracefully dropped from the tree he was currently residing in and turned toward the elf as he hurried toward his Prince. The raven-haired elf gave a quick bow before meeting the fair-haired Prince's blue eyes with his own jade ones, "Your father has called for you, hir vuin. There is a visitor here." Legolas' brow furrowed. Who could be coming to visit? The twins were not expected to visit for at least a month still. Last he heard Aragorn was still somewhere south hunting orcs. Who could be coming to his home? He waved the scout away with a small smile, "Hantanyel, Noruinir. I will be there shortly." ( Thank you, Noruinir.) The scout nodded and headed back toward the palace at a quick pace. Legolas followed somewhat slower, his mind wandering as he wondered who could be visiting. He couldn't remember the last visitor they had. With the winter ice and snow blocking the mountain passes the twins were unable to travel from Imladris. Winters were always quiet unless Aragorn managed to convince Thranduil it was a good idea for him to stay for the season. That rarely happened anymore after all the trouble they managed to get themselves into every time he showed up. Last time Aragorn visited they somehow managed to go on a hunting trip, run into a band of orcs and then get themselves captured. They escaped of course, they wouldn't have survived this long if they couldn't find their way out of bad situations. Of course there was that one time his father actually had to send a group of Warriors to fetch them. But that was one time and he still blamed Aragorn for that. Aragorn blamed him of course but everyone knew if Aragorn hadn't insisted on taking a short cut they never would have run into that particularly large band of orcs. "Ion nin (my son) , I was wondering where you were," Legolas looked up at his father as he entered the inner palace of his home. His father was seated in his throne, his crown resting elegantly on his head as he smiled at his son, "Our visitor was beginning to become very impatient and I did not know how much longer I could keep him here." A man stepped forward into view, smiling as his silvery eyes lifted and caught the light in the room, "Mellon nin (my friend) , what took you so long?" Legolas felt a wide grin break over his face as he embraced his long-time friend, "Estel! What are you doing here? I thought you were hunting the yrch (orcs) . Did it go well?" Aragorn sighed and shook his head, raking a hand through his hair, "I killed quite a few but too many escaped for my liking. That is why I am here actually," he turned to Thranduil before continuing, "We tracked the orcs for many weeks before I realized where they were going. Dol Guldur. I believe evil is growing within the dark fortress once more, hir vuin." Thranduil's face darkened at the words. Dol Guldur was not a place he ever trekked and he did not send his warriors there either. It was dark and dangerous and the birthplace of all things evil. If orcs were gathering within the darkness that was Dol Guldur nothing good would come of it. He knew he would need to send scouts to discover just how large this orc threat truly was but he never liked to willingly send his people into the depths of that place. But allowing darkness to grow within his own realm would be dangerous for his people and that was not something a King could do. He looked to his son, who would be the first to volunteer for a scouting mission as always. Legolas was still rather young for an elf and filled with an adventurous streak to rival his own at that age. He was also one of his best Warriors and he knew it. Everyone knew it. There was no reasonable excuse he could use to keep his son from going on this mission. But being the King meant he did not have to give excuses at all, "I will send Dúlindir and Calwen with you, Estel. You are to scout only, do not engage unless it is necessary." Legolas' eyes flared up and Thranduil could already see the anger growing in their depths at being left out of this mission and he waited for the outburst he knew was about to follow. Legolas approached his throne and hardened his eyes and face, "Why are you keeping me from this mission? You know I am a better Warrior than both of them and if what Estel suspects is true this will not be a simple scouting mission. Orcs gathering in Dol Guldur will become more than a scouting mission and you know that." Thranduil sighed, looking every bit his four thousand six hundred and seventy-two years in that moment. His son knew how to make him feel old beyond his years, "Legolas, you are the Crown Prince and sending you on a mission like this would be an irresponsible and unnecessary risk. You are not to leave these halls until the Dol Guldur threat is neutralized, am I understood?" Legolas glared angrily at his father, "I will not sit here while you send my closest friend and our Warriors out to investigate a threat to the kingdom I am the Crown Prince of . I refuse to cower here. You know that if you do not send me I will simply go on my own and you know I am sure to find danger." Thranduil stood and strode over to his son, glowering down at him. He knew Legolas was right but he also knew telling his son that would only make future arguments about such matters impossible. He glanced at Aragorn who looked like he was fighting back his amusement at the predicament he currently found himself in. He sighed out in exasperation and placed a hand on his son's shoulder, "If you are injured in any way or you happen to run into any sort of mishap you will never leave this palace again. You will not be permitted to go on hunting trips or scouting missions or even to Imladris if something happens. Am I understood?" Legolas nodded and gave a small smile, knowing his father was completely serious but also knowing his father was trying to keep some semblance of control over the situation, "Of course. I will be careful. Gweston, Adar." (I promise, father.) Thranduil closed his eyes and could not believe what he was about to say, "Very well. Gather your supplies and weapons. I will summon Dúlindir and Calwen and have them meet you at the front gates at nightfall." Legolas and Aragorn gave a nod and headed toward the inner halls of the palace where their chambers were. Aragorn had his own chambers within the Mirkwood palace right across from Legolas' own. Aragorn was in Mirkwood more than any of the other visitors that frequented their halls and he was the closest friend of the Crown Prince. Every elf in Mirkwood knew who the human was. So the two friends walked in a comfortable silence together, lost in their own thoughts of the coming mission. It was rare for these kinds of silences to last long between them but with the coming trek into Dol Guldur both of them knew how dangerous this situation could become. "Legolas, mellon nin, this is going to be very dangerous. Your father did speak sense when he tried to keep you from going with me. You are the Crown Prince and if something should happen to you it could be a hit your father does not recover from and if he slips into grief what will happen to your people?" Aragorn paused just outside his door and turned to his friend, true concern written across his face and shining in his silver eyes. Legolas smiled slightly, "You know I cannot remain here if you are going into danger within my own kingdom. That would be cowardly and selfish. This is my home and I will protect it, that's the duty of the Crown Prince and every single Warrior within Mirkwood. You know this and you know there is no way I would let you go alone. A chance for danger and adventure is not something I can pass up." Aragorn smiled and shook his head, knowing that was the answer he would receive from his longtime friend, "Very well, mellon nin. But if something happens do not blame me. Everyone knows you are a disaster magnet." Legolas laughed, "Oh Estel, do not pass that title on to me. You are the one who always manages to find yourself in some sort of danger. The last time we were caught in a battle with orcs it was because you decided it would be a good idea to take a short cut through their territory because they don't like the sun. 'Don't worry mellon nin, we will be through before nightfall' you said." "And we would have been if you did not decide you wanted to go hunting while we were trying to get through orc territory," Aragorn said with a raised eyebrow and a mischievous grin. He already knew what Legolas would say next. Legolas scoffed and rolled his eyes, "We wouldn't have needed to hunt if you didn't lose all of our provisions in the river." "The river we had to swim across because you got us lost and there was no other way home without backtracking for three days." Legolas laughed, his head tipped back as his shoulders shook from the amusement of the entire conversation, "We really get each other into quite the situations don't we?" Aragorn gave a nod and a genuine smile, "Aye, mellon nin, we do. Hopefully we do not find ourselves in trouble again this time?" Legolas chuckled and nodded, "Hopefully we are lucky for once this time. A journey with you that does not involve capture, torture or some sort of pain would be pleasant for once." ~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~ Night was just beginning to fall over Mirkwood when Legolas arrived just outside the front gates. Aragorn was already waiting with his sword on his hip and a pack on his back. Legolas knew there would be food and of course athelas. The one time Aragorn went without athelas on one of their little adventures was of course the one time Legolas nearly died on the way home because of orc poison and other various wounds. Needless to say Aragorn was sure to pack twice as much athelas these days whenever they left the palace even if it was only for a short walk through the trees. "Legolas, I was beginning to wonder when you would show up," Aragorn greeted with a grin and a pat on the shoulder. Legolas shook his head with a grin, "Excuse me for ensuring my weapons are in working order before we venture into the hornet's nest. I did not think having a bow snap