Author's Note: This story takes place in my Shrapnel Series which starts as a 1970s AU There are currently two complete parts Shrapnel and Stanchion and another part Solace coming, Everyone is Human, Carlisle and Esme adopted all their children, Jasper and Alice joined the family as teenagers, Jasper was wounded during the Vietnam War, Canon Pairings. Thanksgiving in Forks 1988 Rosalie Renesmee runs into the kitchen where everyone is gathered "They're here! Aunt Alice and Uncle Jasper, They're here." "Fantastic" Dad smiles. We've been waiting for them all day. Their plane was delayed from the start because there was rain and high winds in New York, so everyone is really anxious to see them and their munchkins. We all grab coats and pile out to help them get their things inside. Alice gets out of the driver's side of their rental car with a giddy smile on her face even after their long trip. Jasper gets out of the passenger's side and they are swept up in a whirlwind of hugs and handshakes. Even after all these years Jasper still looks overwhelmed by it all. "Let's get everything inside and everyone inside." I suggest reminding everyone it is too cold to be standing out here. "What do you need?" I ask our newest arrivals. "The bags are in the trunk." Alice pops it and Emmett and Edward grab what they can and Dad directs them where to put them. Jasper thanks them. Alice unbuckles the baby from the carseat in the back and stands up holding a bright eyed one year old with brown curly hair. "Oh my goodness look how handsome he's gotten. Can I take him?" Bella asks. "Hi Jackson I'm Auntie Bella" Jackson goes into her out stretched arms and she holds him at her hip as Alice grabs the baby's things from the back seat and the floor. Mom coos at him, she is in full Grandma mode today and loving it. Jasper reaches back in the car and grabs his cane. It's a pretty sleek wooden one he's been using regularly for about four years now. It makes him look every bit the college professor he is, I think. Jasper opens the back passenger side door and unbuckles Odette from her car seat. "We're here pipsqueak wake up." He says softly. The little girl stretches and yawns and lets Jasper help her from her seat. I haven't seen Dot in almost a year. We mailed her a birthday gift to New York for her forth birthday back in June. We wish we could have gone to her party but Emmett could,'t get away from the Restaurant and Alex and Ryan had camp. Dot steps slowly out of the car, she's small with Alice's dark hair. It's long and wavy and she looks like a little china doll in her pink dress. She's just woken up and her eyes are wide as she's trying to figure out what all the commotion around her is. The look she has on her face is most definitely Jasper. "Hi Dot." I bend down to her. "Auntie Rose?" She says rubbing her eyes. "How are you Pumpkin?" "Hungry!" And just like that she's all smiles and ready to go. "Well Uncle Emmett and your grandmother have got all sorts of good things cooking." "Daddy said there would be lots of food!" "Oh there will be." More than any of us need. "Hi Dot!" The other children come running up. "You want to come play with us?" Jacob and Renesme are so good with the younger kids even though they're a few years older. Dot looks to Jasper, which is also a very Jasper thing to do. Violet my youngest is just a year older than Odette she's been talking non stop for a week about getting to show her cousin Dot her new doll. "Go on with your cousins." He tells her and she joins them happily. Alice passes by with her arms full "We'll see you guys inside." as she and Bella hurry in to change Sonny. I stand with Jasper and he grabs his briefcase or is it a satchel, I don't know, Carlisle gave it to him, maybe it's a messenger bag, it's got a shoulder strap the he wears across his chest. "Couldn't leave work at the office?" "Not this time." He smiles at me with a mysteriously playful look in his eyes that makes me curious. He's such a mysterious jerk. He locks up the car and follows me into the house. Inside I squeeze his arm and kiss him on the cheek before heading off to see where Alice took the baby. I have a great need to hold that cute little sprout. Jasper In the house is warm and comfortable. The foyer in empty. I can see the lights on in the rooms down and hall and hear everyone faintly talking. Here is a brief moment of quiet that is welcome after the hectic passed couple of days packing, navigating the overrun airports and getting two little ones across the country. I set my bag and my cane aside as I shrug off my coat and hand it on the rack where Esme like's them placed. I breath and feel a weight lift off my shoulders. The stress of the day dissipating knowing the everyone is here and safe and happy. We made it. It's good to be home. I hear the footsteps before I see him. I know Edward is coming my way through the living room. I pick my things up. "Good to see you." Edward comes around the corner. I offer my hand, which is my preferred greeting and he shakes it hand, he claps me on the arm as he does which is a very Carlisle gesture. Everyone spared me the hugs this time which I appreciate. I just spent like six hours on a plane and had about all the contact I can take for right now. It is good to see him it's been awhile since we've seen family. Being on two differently coasts can do that. If Alice has her way that might change very soon. Which wouldn't be a bad thing. I smile. "Good to see you." "So you've got the next draft for me?" I do, I was practically pulling all nighters up until two days ago to get it ready. Alice has been wonderful, this book hasn't been like the others. There's been a lot of long nights and a lot of baggage with this one. "Yes, and well, I think I'm ready for everyone to take a look at it." I'm nervous and excited and worried but I don't think there's anything else I can do to it. "Wow, sounds good to me I think it's in a good place for them to take a look. Are you ready? There's going to be questions and it could be tough." "I think so." I've been going over and over the quedtions I think they might have in my head for a long time and I answered all the ones Edward and Alice had without much difficulty, I think I'm ready. "Ok well I've got your back." "Thank you Edward." I say sincerely, he's been a big help. "What's a brother for." He smiles. "So we put your bags upstairs in Rosalie's old room." "Thanks I appreciate it." "Yep, come on if we're missing too long they'll think we're shirking and we'll get put on KP." I inwardly groan at his use of military jargon and it must be writing on my face because he laughs and seems quite pleased with himself. I roll my eyes. Edward and I head to the kitchen. It is noticeably hotter then the rest of the house and busy. Emmett and Esme have lots of pots on the stove and timers ticking. Alice, has been so excited for this and she has jumped right in to help. With Rosalie looking after Sonny and Dot off with her cousins I'm not sure what to do with myself. Dinner will be ready soon enough and it'll be a tornado of family like it usually is. For now I am content being out of the car. I lean in the doorway and let everything go on around me, appreciating the wonderful domesticity our unconventional family has that I might never have believed existed anywhere except reruns of Leave it to Beaver if I hadn't seen it for myself. I love watching Alice in her element. She must sense me watching her, she smiles brightly in my direction. My heart always skips a beat when she looks at me like that. I still sometimes can't believe how lucking I've been. "The turkey is done!" Emmett proclaims as he lifts the big roasting pan out of the oven. It smells excellent and my stomach growls. "The tables are all set." Edward and Bella come in from the dining room. Bella starts filling a pitcher with water and Edward grabs the ice bucket. "Then we need to get the things in bowls and get the children to wash their hands." Esme instructs. "Jasper could you let them know?" Alice asks as she gets Esme's good bowls out of the cabinet. "Certainly." I know where they likely are. I head down the hall to the music room. Edward moved the instruments out years ago and I don't know where the bed was moved to but Carlisle and Esme turned the room into a play room for their grandchildren. And sure enough that's were all the kids are. The room is bigger and brighter then I remember it being. The walls are a lighter color then they used to be and the only real furniture, that isn't child sized, is a rocking chair in the corner where Carlisle is currently positioned. Violet on one knee and Odette on the other reading a book as Rosalie and Emmett's boys and Renesmee and Jacob push toy cars around a track. Dot sees me and jumps down from Carlisle's lap "Daddy, Grandpa is reading the funniest book come hear." She takes my hand and leads me into the room. I watch to avoid stepping on any cars or Legos. "I'd love to hear it but the turkey is done and I think Gramma wants everyone to wash their hands." "If dinner is ready we'll have to finish our story later." He lifts Violet off his knee. "Lets go guys, hand washing time." Carlisle prompts the other kids. Violet and Dot hurry off together and I'm waiting for Carlisle when Renesmee and Jacob come to stand by my side. "Is it true this was your room Uncle Jasper?" "It was when I first got here." I guess everyone did come to think of it as my room, even Edward after awhile. "You and Aunt Alice weren't kids were you? You were adopted when you were older like me?" Jacob asks. "Yes, we were even older than you. We were very lucky to come here and get to join such a nice family." We truly were. "And we are so happy that you did." Carlisle smiles in away that I have come to recognize as fatherly. I blink at him taken aback by his openness. Not because he hasn't expressed the sentiment before, he has many times in fact, but because I'm so bad at knowing what to do when anyone besides Alice or my children show caring like that. I try to say something to him but I'm at a loss. I've know Carlisle for almost twenty years. He's saved my life and I respect him as much or more then anyone else I've ever known. He is my mentor, my friend and all I can seem to muster is a slight nod and a quietly voiced "Dad." as I look away from everyone and to the door. He seems to understand just how much meaning the word holds.