As she stumbled into the camp, she wondered vaguely what her fate may be. Her body was quickly tiring and her limbs were giving out. She knew the direction she was supposed to be going, but now where she was going. The creature pursuing her was gone. At last, her limbs gave out on her and she landed face down in the soft grass. She woke in an entirely new place. She felt... enclosed... She was surrounded by- walls , her mind provided. And a roof was over her head. She was still studying her environment when a boy walked into the room. He was bright. To her, he resembled a day spent in the sun; sun kissed hair and skin and bright sky blue eyes. "Hey," he said as he knelt down next to where she was laying. His voice was soft and soothing. Similar to the grass she had fallen asleep in. "My name is Will. What's yours?" A moment passed before she realized that her was addressing her. "I don't have one." She answered. The boy, Will, seemed to grow...angry? Happy? Sad? Concerned. Emotions in people was such a frustrating thing to learn. "What do you mean, you don't have a name?" He took a small purple cylinder made of metal shone a light directly into her eyes, muttering to himself. "Not a concussion, another cause then." She wasn't sure what he was talking about, but the spot dancing in front of her eyes was annoying. "Well, um, Miss? Do you mind if I do any further examinations to check if yo are okay?" She shrugged. She wasn't sure what examination meant, but Will didn't appear to be dangerous. He made her do strange things like sticking out her tongue and touching her toes. She had to hold a strange metal stick in her mouth until it made a shrill beeping noise. He continued his examination until he stepped back looking satisfied, but even more confused. "I need to take you to Chiron. Maybe he has an idea." He held out his hand to her and she stared back at him, unsure of what the gesture meant. "Come on," he said patiently, "I won't bite." She reached out to his hand and he took it in his own. "Sorry if you don't like what you're wearing. Piper insisted on getting you into fresh clothes. Hope you weren't fond of that dress you were wearing, the Aphrodite cabin burned it. Really though, I have no idea what she was thinking when she put you into that pink shirt, I told her that you seem more like a green-blue kind of person..." He went on for what seemed to be a really long time, ranting about colors. She wasn't really interested in what he had to say, but she was fascinated by how passionately he spoke about everything. "... and the Nico had the absolute nerve to tell me that it doesn't matter! Can you believe that? Honestly, sometimes I don't even know why I'm in love with that boy! Actually, no. That's a lie. I know why. I just don't understand..." They stopped at a door that she supposed was the way out of the place. They stepped out and she was greeted by the sight of a creature who was a man from the torso up, but a horse the rest of the way down. He had a kind, gentle face, a short-ish beard and curly brown hair. He faced her and she saw that he possessed the oldest eyes she had ever seen. "Hello, my dear girl. I am Chiron, the director of Camp Half Blood. Who might you be?" She was about to answer, but Will spoke for her. "She doesn't know." "Doesn't even know her name?" The centaur asked. Even when Hera erased Jason's and Percy's memories they still knew their names... The river Lethe, perhaps?" Hera... Something about that name seemed awfully familiar to her, but she couldn't figure out why. "I was just about to bring her to the Hypnos cabin, they're pretty good with that kind of thing." Will said. "Very well," Chiron replied, "check her in with me after." "Will do, sir." Will replied. Again, he took her hand and was leading her off to another place. She was glad to be back outdoors. As they were going along, they came across a boy that reminded her of a shadow in an already dark night. Initially, he gave off the sort of vibe that told her she should turn and walk the other way, but when he saw her and Will he smiled in a way that evaporated her doubts. Will released her hand and took the dark boy's instead all the while smiling as bright as the sun. "Nico," he said, "I would introduce you to this sweet girl right here, but she says she doesn't know her name. We were just heading to the Hypnos cabin, would you like to come along?" Nico regarded her carefully and suddenly the trust she had for him faded. "You don't know your own name?" He asked. "I don't have a name." She replied. "He keeps telling people I don't know it, but I never had one to begin with." Nico studied her with caution; any look of trust was gone. "What do you mean you never had a name? Where did you grow up? Who raised you?" "I don't know. Three days ago, I woke up." His interrogation was starting to unnerve her. The three days she had been awake had consisted of her following the instinct telling her to go here, but people seemed to ignore her. She was getting a little more attention than she was accustomed to. "Woke up? What do you mean 'woke up'?" Nico's interrogation was really beginning to upset her. If she knew, she would tell him but she didn't know. She didn't know what or who she was, she didn't know where she was from, she didn't know who these people were, she didn't even know what she looked like. How could they keep asking her questions about herself, when she herself didn't even know who she was? "I don't know." Her eyes began burning and began spilling over. A strange tight feeling began to press on her lungs. There was a strange pain in her ears, as if there was too much pressure building up in her head. Nico's expression changed almost instantaneously. He was no longer scowling or supporting the look of suspicion, but instead there was a look of apology and of sympathy. He released Will's hand and came over to her in one quick stride and wrapped his arms around her body. She was startled at first, terrified even. But there was something about the way his arms were around her that made her feel safe and secure. She leaned into his small frame and let the tears start flowing. She didn't understand the emotions she was experiencing, but it seemed like Nico did; and i was enough for her. Will, on the other hand, was almost in shock. His sky blue eyes as round as saucers, his mouth hung open, and he seemed unable to speak. The other people around them all seemed to be experiencing similar reactions but not as strongly as Will. "Nico... You just hugged her... Actual human contact from anyone else besides your sister and me, and you hug her..." Nico just shrugged. "She needed it and I'm starting to warm up to her. What's wrong with that?" "But what about me?! What if I need a hug, huh?" Will seemed about ready to explode from his disbelief. Nico chuckled. "Well I'll hug you then. But for now, lets just help her out. Not knowing anything about yourself has to be hard. Come on," he told her, we have a cabin to visit. The cabin was comfortable. It was the only way to put it. She felt her worries slipping away and her thoughts becoming less and less focused. The beds looked much more comfortable than the ground she had been sleeping on for the past few days. She was just going over to the first bed, when Will let out a ear-splitting whistle. The adrenaline coursed through her body from the shock of the sudden noise. Nico, standing on her other side, turned his glare on Will, who just gives him a sheepish smile in return. "Sorry, it was all I could think of to snap her out of it. That and it takes nothing short of Gaea's rising and a train being derailed to wake Clovis up. " Nico just rolled his eyes. A boy, presumably Clovis, was just waking. Nico calmly strode over to Clovis and pushed him off the bed. Will was trying (and failing) not to laugh at Nico's impatience. "Clovis! Wake up! We need your help." The boy dragged himself up off the floor with some difficulty. He looked of her and groaned "Another one? You'd think that was enough... Okay." He directed his focus on her, "What is your name?" Before she could answer the question that had already been asked too many times, Nico spoke up. "It doesn't matter, Clovis. Now will you help us or not? Clearly you have already guessed why we came." "Yeah, I'll help out. Come," he gestured to her "sit her." No sooner than she had sat in the chair, she had fallen asleep. It felt like only seconds later when she was being pulled back to reality. Will and Nico were arguing with Clovis." "What do you mean by that?" "Are you sure?" "No, that's not possible." "Whats wrong?" She finally felt alert enough to speak. "What's wrong with me? Did you figure it out?" "Yes," replied Will sarcastically. "Clovis has found the most perfect reason for you not any memories. Nico just glared. Clearly happy with the current situation. "Clovis," her voice was weak. Her resolve quickly evaporating. "What is wrong with me?" He looked directly at her. Studying her with a new found interest. "You don't remember anything simply because there is nothing to remember. Your memories weren't erased or stolen. It's as if you were born three days ago..." Nico and Will looked ready to argue, but she stopped them. "It makes sense, you know. When I woke three days ago, everything felt so new and bright and terrifying. I would imagine that is how a newborn child would feel. I have to learn to be human. I woke knowing how to speak but I don't know a lot of things still. I am still learning many things. I woke only knowing speech and thought and the way here, but not where I am or why I should be here." The three boys stood around her in shock, as if she had said something profound. She didn't feel like she had said something special, but apparently, she had. Nico was the first to speak. "I guess that means you need a name then." A name? She hadn't thought of that at all. She didn't even know any names to begin with. Will seemed to pick up on her frustration. "Come on, we need to take you back to Chiron." And they turned heel and left. Thy arrived back at the Big House not soon after, but were met with an unexpected visitor. Nico and Will saw the mysterious woman and instantly bowed, but she didn't. The woman was regal, beautiful and haughty all at once. And something was so painfully familiar about her that made her want to cry. Chiron stepped out of the house and scowled. "For what cause did you come to pay us a visit, Queen Hera?" "I've come to see that my daughter is in good hands, that is all." Hera turned and smiled at her. "My, my, you have turned out even more beautiful than I could've hoped for, my dear girl. How