A/N: In this fic, I decided to give elves a hierarchy as I think they would have. Obviously, there is leadership and some elves are ranked higher than others which signifies that there is some type of hierarchy. I think that to a point, there is peasantry among elves, but it is not to the point of human peasantry and could never compare. Elven peasantry in my opinion would be educated and still have the connections to nature, but their clothing and material goods (or lack thereof) would separate them from the higher ranking elves. In any healthy realistic economy, there is a small upper class, large middle class, and a well-sized lower class. In this case, we will pretend that there is not that large of a lower class in elven standards (and there probably wasn't). So yea...tell me if I should not continue this or if this sounds like an interesting beginning. This is my first Haldir fic so take pity. oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo "Alright, don't panic," Raali said to herself, staring at the weathered map. Sunlight streamed through the trees and it was an overall beautiful forest. Leaves fluttered down and the scent of the trees was almost delicious. Birds sang and serenity prevailed. She cursed loudly and shoved the map into her knapsack, crossing her arms over her chest and pouting. She could have sworn that she had made a right as soon as that huge river came into sight and now...now...well she was lost to put it simply. Simple directions. Simple instructions. "Give this letter to your father," her mother had said. "And hurry child!" She had galloped off into the silent night and now it was well past dawn and she doubted she was anywhere near Mirkwood. She was wearing naught but a simple drab blue dress and no shoes. She had little time to change or bathe when the journey was rushed upon her. She had left everything behind in her haste and did not even think to bring food. Her mother had a strange look in her eye when she gave her the letter and practically shoved her out the door. And in the clothes that she had been working all day in! Her hair was filthy and she did not doubt that she smelled less than pleasant at the moment. Drawing her sword, she urged her horse forward. 'This doesn't seem like Mirkwood,' Raali thought. 'Shouldn't it be...murkier for lack of a better term?' She continued to ride slowly and then stopped. The forest was silent. Completely silent. No birds sung. Her deep blue eyes scowered the forest. She stopped and she could very well hear her breath. She raised her sword in preparation. She knew that whenever it was this quiet, there was deception in the air. But she moved her horse onward. Perhaps as she went deeper into the forest, it would get darker. Pushing a lock of hair behind her ear, she prompted her horse to go to a faster trot but stopped suddenly. She could hear the sound of about 50 arrows being notched. Her heart pounded with fear and frustration. Swallowing hard, she held both her hands up and looked around at the many fair haired elves scowling at her, prepared to release their arrows into her flesh. "Um...sorry?" she said innocently. "Put down your weapon," a cold voice ordered and she let the sword drop onto the ground next to her horse. "And dismount from your horse." Raali did so and turned to find an extremely tall elf glaring down at her. Or at least he seemed extremely tall. He was the tallest out of all the elves and the elves were certainly taller than her. She pondered on his height a bit longer until he spoke again, making her jump. "You have entered the realm of the Lady of the Wood," he said in a voice that sounded like he said this quite often. Raali's eyes grew wide. She was in the woods of Lorien! As a child, she had been told the elves here were beautiful and yet guarded their lands so fiercely that few of even their own kindred dared to enter. It was said that the guard here, hardened by much pain and blood, was the strongest in all of Middle Earth. There was not an army that could trespass the Lorien wood and live to tell the tale. "Are you serious!" she exclaimed, frustrated and a bit frightened. "So this isn't Mirkwood?" He gave her a strange look. "Does this look like Mirkwood?" "Maybe it changed...,"Raali bit her lip. "This isn't Mirkwood," the elf continued firmly. "What is your business?" "Now wait a moment, this simply must be Mirkwood," Raali said angrily. ""This isn't Mirkwood," the elf repeated, visibly irritated. "Now tell me what your business is in this land, or I will get it from you in other less pleasant ways." "I-I think I'm lost, but...hey!" her knapsack was suddenly snatched out of her hand. "Give that back!" "Telis, search it," he ordered and threw it to one of the elves who walked away with it. "The rest of you check her horse and the saddle bag." She started to walk towards the elf with her knapsack, but a strong hand stopped her. "You will not follow him." "Why not?" she glared. "It is my bag, is it not?" "We will see if you bring anything that is harmful to this kingdom," the March warden said, his gaze hardening. "We will see if you are a spy or wish to do evil in our land." "Me?" she stiffled a laugh. "A spy? I was running an errand for my mother. I was supposed to deliver a letter to my father in Mirkwood and I could have sworn I made a right on that big river...but now I'm here and I'm not so sure and-" "I care not," he interrupted snottily. "We have had great evil come into our lands in the disguise of innocence. I will not risk the safety of this land under any circumstances." "What do you mean?" she cried. All she wanted to do was to get home as quickly as possible. "You stopped me and now you are telling me that you do not care? This is ridiculous. I have to get home. My parents will be very upset with me. I really think this is all a big misunderstanding and-" "Haldir!" the elf named Telis called. "I think you should come and take a look at this." "What?" Raali exclaimed, anger and irritation in her voice. "What is there to look at? Have you not seen a knapsack before?" "Read this," he said, pushing the letter into the March Warden's hand. "That is none of your business!" she cried. "You can't just read other people's mail!" Raali reached to grab the letter but Haldir caught her wrist and pushed her back roughly. She was shocked and a little hurt by this gesture, but she stayed quiet and watched his eyes read quickly and narrow into cold (err...coldER) grey slits. When he finished, he looked up at her and scowled. "You, my Lady, are fooling no one," he said. "And that means...?" Raali stared at him blankly. "You are coming with us," the March warden frowned and motioned for two elves to grab her. "What have I done?" she cried, struggling against the two that held her in a painful grip. But with a swift movement of the March Warden's eyes, she was moved away and lifted up into a tree where she was dropped suddenly onto a damp wooden floor. The two elves were talking as if nothing had happened "This is not fair!" she exclaimed. "I have not done anything! You can't do this!" The two elves continued to ignore her as she scowled angrily at them. "You can't keep me here!" Raali proclaimed angrily and started to crawl down the ladder. Both guards sprang up and grabbed her, shoving her back onto the floor. "No!" she growled. She was angry now. Never had she been treated in such a way by any elf, but when she tried to get up again, a sudden cold touched her skin. One of the elves had taken out a dagger. "Keep still," he demanded through gritted teeth. "And keep quiet." Raali swallowed and then nodded, easing back into a corner away from the elves. They continued to talk merrily as if nothing had happened. She spent the night in the corner with no food and water, constantly being wakened by any sound that was made. In the morning, she was practically dragged down to the forest floor. "The Lady requests your presence," Haldir smirked at her. A sudden fear struck her. Moving her dark hair out of her eyes, she looked at him confused, "But...why?" "She has her reasons," he frowned and then stepped forward, leaning into her a bit. "I suggest you drop the innocent act. No one is buying it." "What are you talking about?" she asked with concerned eyes. She did not like the way this was going. "She'll see right through you," he warned and then stepped away to discuss something with another elf. She chewed on her lip anxiously and then looked up to see him approaching her, a white cloth in this hand. "We have decided that you are to be blindfolded," the March Warden said. "What!" Raali was horrified. She backed away slowly, but someone moved behind her suddenly and held her in place. "I refuse to be blindfolded like some common criminal!" "You are a common criminal or possibly even worse," he growled and then grabbed her and pulled her towards him. Raali had never been handled in such a way by an edhel. He tied her hands and then blindfolded her. She felt someone prod her in the back. "Walk," someone behind her grumbled and so she did, tripping over a branch and falling over, landing face first on the ground. Everyone around her laughed and no matter how hard she tried to get up, she could not. Someone pulled her up and told her to walk again, but she tripped again, another burst of laughter erupting from the elves. "Enough!" she heard a familiar cold voice. She could see why this Haldir of Lorien was the leader. His very tone made the rest feel weak and inferior under him. She was gently lifted off the ground and set upon a horse. She felt someone move behind her and wrap strong arms around her to keep her secure. "Why would they treat me like that?" she asked, her voice barely above a hushed whisper. "Is that how elves of Lorien treat their kin?" "How else would you expect a criminal, a peasant criminal, to be treated?" the cold voice of Haldir asked. "I am not a criminal!" she insisted, tears penetrating her voice. "What in the world would make you think I was? Please, for Valar's sake, believe me when I say that I meant no harm whatsoever in coming here. I am merely lost! I swear it!" "That letter was all the convincing I needed," his voice dropped so that only she could hear it. "I would be careful if I were you." She wanted to ask him what he meant, but they were soon going at a full gallop. When they slowed, she decided to take another approach. "Please," she begged. "Take me home, please...or...or..tell my mother and father where I am. At least do that. Please." "We will see," was the answer and then there was no more. Only silence until she was again taken off the horse. "Please at least tell me what it is I am accused of doing, at least that," she pleaded. Silence was her answer. "Are we here?" Raali asked. "We are resting for the night," someone far off answered in a harsh tone. "Can someone please untie me?" she called