Disclaimer: non-profit, no copyright and trademark infringement intended, bona fide use of characters and plot devices for entertainment. And I don't see any logic in repeating the same things again and again. So here we go. Author's note: do not complain about any inconsistency with the canon, after all, I am writing fan fiction not rephrasing JKR's work. The Beginning The Great Hall of Hogwarts was abuzz with the indistinctive clatter of chatter of all the denizens of the ancient castle, both living and dead, students and teachers, hosts and guests. The day was the drawing of lots for the Tri-wizard Tournament. In a few minutes, Headmaster Dumbledore was to announce the names of those chosen by the Goblet of Fire, an ancient relic used for the rite to determine who were the most competent to participate in the bid to achieve eternal glory. The Tournament has been newly reinstated after years of being abolished due to the rising death toll. Although there was an age requirement, and an age line to ensure no underage witch or wizard could enter the fray, but one Harry Potter felt that the vaunted assurances issued by the Headmaster and the Ministry were all for naught. Like every year since he stepped into the world of magic and wonder, he was sure to find himself into something life threatening. The first year he had been dazed by the wonder and mystery of magic, his escape from the clutches of the loathsome Dursleys and a monotonous suburban life of slavery. One close call with death, homicide (which went unreported and Harry would add was in self-defence) and spending a year ostracised for something he had no control over and another near death defying experience washed away all the daze and wonder of the new world. Down in the Chamber, Harry realised the bitter truth of his existence that he had known since able to conceive such a thought, that he was always alone. Sure Hermione and Ron had accompanied him in the first year and in second Ron also had come, but during the decisive battle, they were always safe. It was always his life on the line and him who went to face dangers he was too young to face and not trained to face. Harry would acknowledge that he had help, but when all was said and done it was his instincts and resourcefulness that saved the day. After the episode down at the Chamber, Harry had decided that he would be more cautious and better prepared from then on. Half a summer spent in thought yielded that Harry knew too little about the magical world, lacked the knowledge of basics to get by in the magical world, had no knowledge about the economics, history or culture of the world he thought as his own and for some was he the saviour of. And most importantly he lacked the knowledge about his own life. Half the things in his life made no sense. Questions like, why was he sent to the hateful muggles, he refused to acknowledge them as family, instead of a magical household. Surely someone must be willing to take him in, what with the being the legendary Boy-Who-Lived. His acceptance letter was addressed 'Cupboard under the Stairs', surely someone must have noticed and raised a few questions. That can't be a usual address in the magical world, but again knowing what he knew of modern British wizard folk, it might not be that surprising. And most importantly he had nearly died on half a dozen occasions in two years spent of all places in a school, which is supposed to be a premier institute of magical learning and so called safest place in Britain. Something must not be right with the world, if a child has to deal with all the dangers he had to deal on yearly basis. So a month spent in introspection and thought had led Harry to conclusions which in his own mind sounded bizarre but, in the interest of survival were still heeded to. First was that he could not trust Dumbledore, the man responsible for Harry's placement at the doorstep of the Dursleys'. Dumbledore seemed to know too much and yet took no action to stop the abuse; therefore in his mind Dumbledore did not have his best interest in mind. McGonagall also was there when he was placed with the animals and still when he arrived clearly abused and malnourished took no action, also being the one responsible for the letters of acceptance her not noticing the address on his letter or ignoring it meant she too could not be trusted. He would trust Snape as far as he could throw. Ron had a temper problem and a jealousy streak a mile wide, so he feared that the friendship was doomed to fail one day at the worst or have a bumpy ride in the near future at best. He hoped that he didn't lose his first friend. His best friend Hermione was too bossy and nosey for his tastes, but he knew that she had his best interests at heart. The problem there was that he feared what she might do, just because she felt it was for the best for him. Therefore, he decided to continue as he was and give no indication of his changed opinions and keep preparing in secret. He would also try to influence his friends to such end that their friendship survives the test of time. Ron could do with putting some effort in his work, Harry knew that the red head had a brilliant mind; he still was undefeated in the House in chess. Hermione he wished could learn to respect other's personal space, she was well-meaning and always wanted what was best for her friends, it was just that sometimes she would get too pushy and would not listen to a divergent view. An enquiry at Gringotts revealed that the vault he used right now was his trust fund meant to last him till he was of age or alternatively declared an adult by the ministry, at which point he will gain access to the main Potter vault. The details of the Estate would only be available once he claimed headship of the family. The incident with Marge gave him a perfect excuse to get away from his relatives and allowed him to spend some time in the magical shopping district. Over the weeks spent at the Leakey Cauldron, he learnt some of the most relevant things about the magical society and culture along with its history. He learnt things he should have been taught by his parents or guardians. The time spent at the ice-cream parlour was more educational in some aspects than the two years spent at Britain's premier school. The owner of the shop Florean Fortescue chatted with Harry sharing his experience and offering help and guidance in his academic pursuits wherever possible. Harry had decided that he will study alchemy, a subject somewhat similar to science and included the study of runes and arithmancy to help write equations and formulae. The Hogwarts library and Flourish and Blotts provided a sufficient source of knowledge of the subject. For more than a year the self-study had helped Harry to better himself at the magical craft and brought him ahead a long way as compared to his classmates and in some subjects those senior to him. While he himself will admit that he did not have the inclination to pursue the theoretical aspects of magic, he was more than confident that he was proficient in the practical application of magic and best in some of the subjects that required wand work. He could cast the Disillusionment charm adequately, although complete invisibility that was the perfect state of the charm still eluded him. The Chamber of Secrets had provided sanctuary and space where he could continue his self-study without any supervision or more accurately interference. When they called it the Chamber of Secrets, it just did not house a giant serpent, but also a treasure trove of rare artefacts, lost manuscripts, scrolls and tomes of magical knowledge and history. Even after nearly a millennium of being left unattended some of them were still usable. However, the most important of all was the portrait of the infamous founder. The first time he had talked to the portrait had been a shock and changed his perspective on a lot of things. Salazar rarely talked about his own past, using it only to convey some lesson derived from experience or an absent-minded comment added as an afterthought. He still remembers the first time he had met the founder. Flashback Starts Harry had been working on the Christmas Break homework, so as to get it out of the way of his and have more time for self-study. He had gone to explore the Chamber of Secrets on the first weekend back to school. Hermione and Ron were getting on his nerves and the depressing atmosphere brought by the Dementors was not helping his mood either. For someone like Harry who had too few memories that can be categorised as happy and too much of which were of abuse and ill treatment the soul sucking guards of Azkaban made the perfect vulnerability. Professor Lupin might have been convinced that what Harry feared the most was fear itself. Harry knew differently. What he feared was the reminder of his life at that place; unloved, uncared for, and being reminded the insignificance of his existence and the indifference of the world to his plight. Hogwarts until now had been a harbour of sorts where he could pretend that everything was alright and now when he has been stripped of that assurance, Harry had sought help of an adult to help deal with the dementors. For past two years more than courage, it was a total disregard for his own wellbeing that had guided him. But now he wanted to prove himself more than ever, especially with the killer of his parents and their betrayer on the loose, Harry wanted to make sure that he did not get caught wrong-footed. His parents would not have wanted him to go and get himself killed; rather they had sacrificed their own lives so that he had a future. A future he was loath to have wasted so much part of, something he had been doing for past two years with putting no efforts for his own safety and education. The only exams that mattered were the OWLs and NEWTs, so until his fifth year he could spend three years self-studying and in relative absence of attention. Not that the issue with Black was any help in that regard. He was getting looks ranging from pitying to those saying that 'don't do anything stupid'. It was nerve-racking and annoying. No one was there to look out for him when he was being abused by the Dursleys, bullied at school or facing Voldemort in one form or the other. He didn't need their pity and he wasn't going to throw away the life that his parents sacrificed themselves for, by chasing after a madman. The continuous scratching of the quill on the parchment was the only sound to be heard as he worked in what was possibly Salazar's study at some point. There was a work-table with upholstered chair, a stool, a couple of cupboards with books and scrolls, and an empty portrait frame. "This is a surprise. I never thought I'll ever see someone here," Harry heard a cultured voice. Startled he accidently broke his quill and looked around. This one place was his sanctuary, one place where no one but himself or only Voldemort could enter. And since he was not dead that ruled out Voldemort. "Look towards the portrait," the voice prompted. The newly filled frame housed a man dressed in what might have been once fashionable and expensive clothes. A snake adorned