Where it all Begins Two figures stood in silence in a small room, a nursery of a toddler to be exact. The room was painted in sky blue, with the roof overhead charmed to look like the night sky, charmed by the godmother of the child as a birthday present. The moon peeked from behind the charmed clouds, illuminating the room in soft silvery light. One of the figures bent over the cradle starting to draw tiny peculiar symbols. The child who slept peacefully as content smile graced his innocent visage, his godmother carried on with her work all the while crooning a soothing melody. "Is it going to be enough?" asked the other woman who maintained a vigil by the door. "I don't know. I can't really test the theory, but according to the theory, it should work. I just hope that we never have to find out," the woman who continued to work by the cradle paused to answer. It wouldn't do to have a concentration falter, but she also had to assuage her friend's worry, as much as her answer could. "It might be too much to hope," said the other women maintaining her vigil. "But hope is all we have. I just hope Remus is doing fine. Daniel can be difficult at times, not as much as Harry, but still," the woman by the crib replied. "How is Harry doing?" the woman by the door asked. "Harry doesn't know much about what's going on. He senses we are worried but other than that he is as happy as a three-year could be. But I swear he hates Sylvester and now he has picked up the annoying habit of calling me, Lily," Lily said trying to sound grouchy, but had a fond smile adorning her lips. "You know you could have brought him here," Lily's friend suggested. "He is visiting Euphemia. That's how we could leave Daniel with Remus, he could handle a child, but handling two is not something I think he can do, especially Harry. I am thankful for all she does for helping with the boys but sometimes I fear Euphemia is spoiling Harry too much. You remember what James was like at school?" Lily said. "At least you get along with your mother-in-law. Not everyone is as lucky as you," Alice complained. "What did Madam Longbottom do this time?" Lily asked her friend. "Nothing she hasn't done before. It's not like the woman has a problem with me working, but she had been in hinting at that I take a sabbatical from work. The old dragon even offered to serve Auror Corps in my stead, if that's what took me to take a break," Alice said trying to keep her voice from rising, lest she disturbed her son's sleep. "She would certainly be able to hold her own against the Death Eaters, but I don't think she will like the paperwork any better than you do," Lily said in an amused tone. "I think it's her reputation that has dissuaded the Death Eaters from attacking the Longbottom Manor," Alice said sharing in her friend's amusement. "Seems like we are done here. Remember for the magic to work, someone has to sacrifice their life in this room, and Neville should be placed in the cradle. I hope this doesn't get tested, but it's better to do everything we can to protect the boys," Lily said getting up. "I just wish there wasn't any need to. Dumbledore isn't even telling us what the prophecy states, just that our lives are in danger," Alice said complaining. "Tell me about it. But Dumbledore has got what he has to do, and we have to do what we can do to protect the children," Lily said trying to sooth her friend. She agreed wholeheartedly with Alice, but there wasn't much she could do to convince Dumbledore otherwise. "And I wish we could tell other's about the protection," Alice said with a displeased face. "Believe me I too wish that. But, it's better if they don't learn for a while, maybe once this war is over," Lily said to her friend. She didn't like the secrecy herself, but it was necessary, James and Frank still put a lot of stock in Dumbledore, but Alice and Lily had begun to have their doubts. Losing so many friends could shake anybody's faith. And if Dumbledore learned of their plan, he was likely to disapprove and try and persuade them to abandon it. Lily and Alice were of the mind that they weren't going to leave the fate of their children to a prophecy they didn't know and had no reason to believe in. "Let's get back to the men. I don't want to fathom what James and Sirius could do to your sitting room if left unsupervised for long," Lily said as she hooked her arm with her friend. "You are saying as if Frank is any better. I swear it's contagious," Alice said grinning at her friend as they both walked down. XXX "Bellatrix, you are to lead this raid. It is imperative that you succeed," Voldemort said as he sat in the dining room of the Malfoy Manor. Across him were standing with their heads bowed were Bellatrix, Rodolphus and Rabastan Lestrange, with Crouch Jr. forming the quartet. He had called his most skilled and fearsome death eaters, he was sure that while they held the numerical advantage, the foe they will be facing was not to be taken lightly. The bothersome couple had defied him thrice, same as Potters. He would deal the Potters himself while his trusted minions would go after the Longbottoms. He would have liked to attack both the possible children of prophecy himself, but he couldn't be at two places at once and there was a chance the other couple can go into better hiding. Bellatrix bowed her head in supplication, "Your will shall be done, my lord." "It seems you have some doubt. What is it?" Voldemort asked. Anybody else and he would have cursed them in a heartbeat. But Bellatrix was his most loyal and fanatical follower, if she had something in her mind, he was certain it wasn't due to her doubts regarding her loyalty. "My Lord, I share your concerns. I shall do your bidding. But wouldn't it be better if we went after both the targets. There is no need for you to concern such insects with. We shall crush all your enemies," Bellatrix said with fervour. "Ah! Worry not Bella. It wouldn't be any different for me than taking a stroll. It is for the best that I am seen to take the field every now and then. Lest it breeds discontent," Voldemort answered with a charming smile. "My Lord, one more query," Bellatrix said her head still bowed. Voldemort considered cursing the woman but curbed that impulse. He gave a nod for her to continue. "Wouldn't it be better if you attack the Longbottoms yourself? After all, the Potter brat is just a filthy half-blood," Bellatrix said making a disgusted face. Voldemort smiled in dark amusement. He found it extremely amusing how the purebloods debased themselves at his feet, a half-blood, a bastard child of a muggle and squib of a witch, yet espoused pureblood superiority. If only they knew, if only, he was certain that a number of them would die of an aneurysm. "It's just a little indulgence on my part. Now I have indulged you for far too long, you have your orders, do not disappoint me," Voldemort said dismissing the quartet. His reasons to go after the Potters personally were simple that the brat was a half-blood and he himself being a half-blood felt that it was likely his prophesied nemesis will be one too. How he cursed Severus for getting caught before he could hear the whole of the accursed prophecy. Severus was a potion master of superlative skill and his duelling ability was better than most. Severus too was a half-blood and it reinforced in Voldemort's mind that a half-blood was a more likely stronger foe than any pureblood. Gaunts were an example of what pureblood fanaticism could do to the legacy of the most powerful of Hogwarts founder. A family reduced to hissing squibs and dimwits. Blacks weren't much different, Bella for all her skill with a wand, had a couple of her screws loose. And let's not get started on Crabbe and Goyle, they appeared more like a cross between a human and a mountain troll than wizards of respectable lineage. So it wasn't a surprise that Voldemort believed that a half-blood would pose much more of a threat than a pureblood. XXX Bellatrix and her company arrived at a copse of trees, not far off in the distance they could see the light coming out of a cottage. For a family in hiding the place sure looked lively, Bellatrix crackled in the excitement of what was to come. Blood traitor they might be, but the Longbottom couple possessed skill. This was the reason that she didn't object when her lord decided to send four instead of her alone. "Barty, bring the wards down, one the count of three," Bellatrix raised three fingers as she intently watched the house. She was sure that as soon as the wards were down, there was going to be a battle. No sooner she dropped her last finger; Barty went to work and not before long the wards were down. Most others raid began with casting anti-portkey and anti-apparation jinxes, but not a raid led by Bellatrix. She revelled in the terror she brought and if anyone was too much of a coward to face her in battle, she happily let them go to spread word of her prowess, and if someone was foolish enough to come to her targets aid, she was more than glad to add more of the cretins to her tally. In concert, they moved, with Bellatrix leading the group closing on the house. "Alice, quick the wards are down," Frank said in a worried tone. As soon as the words left his mouth the other occupants of the room withdrew their wands. Five wands were drawn as they stood in a defensive position. They didn't have to wait long as the door was blasted off its hinges and in stepped Voldemort's most feared lieutenant. "Come, come, little fat bottom. It's time to play," Bellatrix said in a baby voice. "Greetings cousin, it's not polite to visit people at their homes uninvited. What will Aunt Druella say?" Sirius said nastily as he twirled his own wand and action mirrored by his cousin. "Oh! I didn't know that I will get to kill the blood traitor tonight. I will happily erase the blight on my family's name," with that Bellatrix engaged her cousin. A cruciatus curse leaving her wand, Sirius used a conjured brick to stop the spell. Dodging and deflecting spells was not a prudent strategy when fighting in such an enclosed setting with so many people involved, the risk of a stray curse hitting one of their own was very high. Frank engaged Rodolphus, while his wife took on Rabastan, James and Lily had to contend with Crouch Jr. The Death Eaters had come expecting to hold the numerical advantage but it wasn't to be so. Bellatrix and Sirius were evenly matched while Frank and Alice were also in a dead lock with their opponents. James and Lily held the advantage as James focused on defence while Lily attacked; Barty hadn't been able to do more than just defend. James also protected his other friends as best as he could, being a master of transfiguration had its advantages when fighting multiple opponents and those opponents had a preference for more dangerous curses. "Expelliarmus, Petrificus Totalus, Incarcerous," Lily's incantations left her lips. She could do silent casting but in the heat movement she couldn't help but yell her spells.