Authoress Chat: When writing this, I thought of the current situation in America and how we claim to be so advanced but little things still hold us back. Even advanced races can be primitive. Bear this in mind whilst reading this, please. Happy reading. Darkness and Light She grasped the hand of her beloved even tighter than before; giving thought to her safety and to the successful departure from the forces that plagued them. Their eyes locked and they realized that they would most like not be gazing into the depths of the others soul for too much longer. She held her hand with the will of a lion and ran with all the power in her body. How could it be ending like this? Oh yes…that was how it had started. A race to finalize the initial scurry that had led them into each other's arms. / / / / / "Well, what is your answer?" The elleth was seized from her thoughts. She was glad that he had roused her from her stagnant mindset. She was drowning in the pool of emotions and questions that had burst forth from his questioning. He was expecting an answer and it was probably best to give him one. But his resuscitation had wiped her mind lean. Why had she been thinking so hard? "I apologize. What was the question?" she asked as sweetly as she could manage. "Would you do me the honor of becoming my wedded bride?" Her eyes betrayed none of her emotions. In fact, her stare was vapid, drawing all of the brightness out of her blue eyes. She had a small smile on her face, but it was fading quickly as she realized just why she had been so lost in thought. This should be a happy time for her. A definitive 'yes' should have shot out of her mouth upon the final syllable of his question. But her joy withered with his proposal. For all his kindness, he could provide no everlasting joy. Gaeliel… was unhappy. She looked down at the roses that Fuinion had brought to her and, as if she were watching it happen from outside of herself, the bouquet fell out of her hands. Her eyes shut tightly, her mind berating itself like a parent scolding a child. Her tongue was glued to her palate. Even so, she managed to get the two separated from each other and give a response. "Forgive me, Fuinion, but I cannot marry you," she said with a genuine sadness. The darkling elf was devastated by her refusal. Her choice of words had been meticulously chosen. It's not that she would not, but she could not. In his mind, he thought what would soon prove to be strikingly close to the truth. Gaeliel was in love with someone else. It was clear to him, even though she did not dare to say it. As he ran his hands through his ebony hair, Gaeliel stroked her bright blonde locks. Finally, she could take no more of the dreadful silence and decided upon leaving. She ran from him, her tears falling like rain. How unfortunate; there was no way that she would be able to profess love for this other elf. How could she hope to do something like that when their love was forbidden? 'I am a fool, like no other.' She had not recognized where she was going. Her feet were leading her ahead with unprecedented speed, so quickly that her mind couldn't keep up with trivial things like destination. She ran until she was face to face with a towering mallorn tree. Gaeliel's eyes wandered up into the flora and stared blankly into a solemn flet. Though the abode was somewhat lacking in the typical elven sheer, her heart was still gladdened to be at the threshold. Fortune may well have been on her side. She called up to the resident. "Fuindes! It is I, Gaeliel! Please, send down your ladder! I have news that must be shared!" Another dark elf poked its head out of a dusty window. Her grey eyes twinkled with happiness as she confirmed that her visitor was indeed the fair Gaeliel. She extended an arm out of the window to show her friend an extended finger. Prompting the shining elf to wait for a moment, Fuindes threw her down a ladder and excitedly motioned for her to join her in her humble abode. Gaeliel climbed the extension eagerly and once she had reached the top, she was greeted by Fuindes. The two embraced one another, golden locks becoming lost in black ones. Gaeliel kissed her friend on the cheek and showed herself in, followed by the dark one. Fuindes motioned for her to sit, while she walked over to the kiln in the midst of her flet and removed a teapot from the flames. Laying down a cloth underneath the pot, she fetched two cups from the cupboard and a box of tea leaves. She sat down at the table with her friend and placed two leaves in each cup, along with a spoonful of sugar cane and poured the water into the cups to let the leaves steep. She reached over to the side for a piece of parchment and a quill. In her free hand, and her eyes gave permission for her friend to speak. "Thank you for meeting with me. I know how busy you usually are," Gaeliel spoke with evident relief. Fuindes, being as mute as she was, began to scribble on the parchment. ' It is nothing for me to set aside time for you. You are my dearest friend. Besides, all that I had as agenda for today was to clean my flet. And as you can see, I was barely concerning myself with that goal. I enjoy talking to you, Gaeliel.' She pushed the note towards Gaeliel, who had already begun to sip from the piping-hot cup of tea. She placed it down gently to read what her friend had written to her. Fuindes' note made her smile. "I am glad that you feel this way about me. I have a confession to make to you." She rested her head on her free hand. "Your brother, Fuinion, plighted his troth to me not more than an hour before I arrived before you. I told him no." Fuindes' eyes had held worry and happiness when she heard that her brother wished to marry her best friend. However, the worry was cast away when she was told that the answer was no. A bright smile spread across her face as Fuindes realized the irony of what had happened in the past twenty-four hours. Her hands found their way to her mouth to stifle a silent giggle that wracked her entire body. As the bout of laughter died, Fuindes picked up the quill and began to write, fast and with excitement. ' How ironic; your own brother, Galadir, proposed our marriage as well. I also gave him a negative response, along with showing him out of my flet. Why do you think that no candles are lit? I could not risk him coming back to me the way he did when plighted with me earlier. You should have seen it! He came with lyres and harps and flutes and I was so embarrassed. He left significantly quieter than when he arrived… Does this offend you?' Gaeliel snatched the note and read it with suspicion. When she read it, she was saddened but quickly found that giggles of her own were fighting for freedom. She was a fool and so was Fuindes. They were fools for each other. She smiled and reached out for Fuindes' hand again, kissing it gently. "We are imbeciles, you know that? To think that our siblings will stand for this refusal… They are not blind, nor are they unintelligent. I could tell from his silence that Fuinion knew that my heart was spoken for. Honestly, how much further can we go in this game? The other ellyn are not fools, my dearest. They will soon know that we have engaged in a forbidden love." Fuindes shook her head with a smile and kissed Gaeliel's hand as well. She traced the words over Gaeliel's delicate and, frankly, sensitive collarbone. ' I do not care if they know. It is not as if we may marry in any case. Perhaps it is time to do what we proposed to do a while ago. We must leave these shores. For all the beauty of this coast, if I have to enjoy it whilst abstaining from you, I will forsake it all and gladly! Let us sail away together. There, the Valar will pity our doomed love and they will have mercy on our union.' Gaeliel kissed the mute elleth on her quiet lips and smiled. Fuindes was right. She was always right. They should leave for the fairer world and leave behind the coast that forbade their love, as if it were some form of disease. Fuindes nodded over her shoulder towards a bag of her belongings. She had already packed! Gaeliel gave her an off-kilter look, as she realized that her friend had already known that she would agree to leave. It was infuriating, as far as gestures go, but also amazingly sweet. Fuindes took a sip of her tea and crossed her arms, arrogantly waiting for a response. "I would be honored to join you, Fuindes. Allow me to pack my things for departure." / / / / / Gaeliel looked hard into Fuindes' eyes and both were fraught with sorrow. 'How unfortunate those things had to end this way.' She thought as the mob finally caught up with them. Galadir's arms caught hold of Fuindes' waist and snaked around her neck. Fuindes screamed but no sound but no sound came out. Her nails dug into his arm as she struggled to break free. Even though the difference in strength was not so drastic, his rage made it difficult to fight him off. Handling her like a beast, he forced her to look at his sister, who had been caught in the same manner by Fuinion. "Look her in the eye, you silent monster! Look at how you have marred the beauty of my sister! How could you do such a thing?" Fuindes was running out of oxygen but she did as commanded. She looked at her lover and could see no imperfection. They were both dirty and exhausted, their faces and arms smudged with soil and their clothes rended while in flight. But beneath that, Fuindes could see the light of her blonde mate and feel the sweetness of her aching fëa. Fuindes cried but no words would escape her mouth to tell them what she saw or how she felt about her bride. As her brain began to shut down from the deprivation, she and Gaeliel reached out for one another but were yanked apart viciously by their brothers and the mob. They both passed out and fell to the ground with a thud. / / / / / Gaeliel walked back to her flet with a heightened sense of urgency. She and her brother lived in the same flet and gathering her belongings to leave would probably not smooth over well. Galadir was impatient and waiting for her to decide on leaving anyways, she thought. He'd probably be irate that she had decided not through his coercion but through Fuindes'. The two siblings had been friends with each other for many years, but Galadir was not wholly satisfied with the extent of their closeness and made no attempts to hide it from them. He sensed something dangerous and… off… about their natures. Gaeliel had left the ladder down upon her departure, so when she saw that it was drawn up, she winced. Valar forbid, Galadir had arrived home first and had just been rejected by a life-long friend. She prayed to herself