Disclaimer: I don't own anything at all used anywhere in my fanfiction unless it's something you don't recognize. Like my original characters. There will be at least one in this one. AN: Alright, to those reading my other fanfictions, I will be completing a chapter for one right after the completion and posting of this chapter of my new one. For those who haven't read any of my other three, have fun with this one. And onto the show. In a the smallest bedroom of a three bedroom house placed in a suburb near London was a girl: she was eleven years old but she looked like an eight year old, her hair was a deep almost burgundy red, and her eyes shown a bright emerald green. Well, they had. Lately, they'd been rather dull; ever since her last beating at the hands of her uncle. However, there was something special about this child that no one who lived near her was aware of aside from her uncle and aunt. Even her cousin didn't know. At least, as far as she knew he didn't—he was far too stupid anyways. On the inside of her right wrist there was a scar. It was a crescent moon with a star inside next to a lightning bolt. The girl hated this scar because it made her different, so she always wore a thick leather band as a bracelet around her wrist which easily covered it. Earlier in the evening, she had gotten a letter from somewhere called Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It had come by owl which she thought was cooler than the idea of magic. In a surprising twist from what she had expected, her aunt had talked her uncle into letting her go. She'd used the idea that their niece would be away from them nearly ten months out of the year. That was how it came to be that her aunt and uncle were apparently dropping her off at Diagon Alley the following morning which was accessed through a pub. Apparently, she was to stay at the pub until school started. That idea was probably one of the best in her opinion. So the red-haired girl closed her eyes and willed sleep to come to her so the next morning would come and she could be away from her relatives for nearly a year. "Girl! Wake up! We are leaving in ten minutes! So get down her!" The redhead shot out of bed at her uncle's voice and hurried to grab the small bag of clothes she had packed the night before and tied her hair back before making her way downstairs. They left the moment she was down and she had to hurry to get into the car. On the way to wherever this place was, her aunt rambled about how she was to go to the huge white building and state her name. Apparently, her parents had likely left a fund for her schooling and if they hadn't she was to figure it out on her own. They dropped her outside a pub called The Leaky Cauldron which, for some reason, she had had to point out to them. She shrugged and headed inside after pulling the hood of her sweater up and over her head. She immediately made her way to the bar. "Excuse me?" "Yes dear? My name is Tom. How can I help you?" "I need to get into the um…Alley? Diagon Alley?" He nodded once and motioned her to follow him as he led her into a backroom where he started tapping on bricks with his wand. A moment later the bricks moved and she gasped. His voice startled her out of her amazement. "Will there be anything else, little dear?" She nodded slightly. "I have to go to big white building—" "The bank." "Yeah that but then I have to come back and get a room." He nodded with a slight smile. "I'll have one read for you." She smiled and then walked into the alley. She went straight as her aunt had told her to and then entered the big white building. Were those….were those goblins? She did believe they were. She shrugged slightly and walked up to the one with the lowest desk that was closest to her height. "Excuse me um Master Goblin sir?" "My name is Sharptooth, miss." "Well Master Sharptooth then." He seemed to raise an eyebrow. "Alright, how can I help you then?" "Well, my aunt—she's not magical—told me to come here and say my name cause she thought my parents may have left me something." "And what might your name be? Full name mind you." "My full name is Amber Juniper Rose Potter." The goblin toppled off his seat in surprise and quickly righted himself. "Follow me please." Amber followed him in slight confusion. However, instead of showing fear, she lifted her chin and gave off the air of being snobby. She'd learned not to show fear the hard way, several years ago. He led her into a very grand looking office that had another goblin in it. "Miss, this is Griphook. He is the Potter Account Manager. Griphook, this is Amber Potter." Now Griphook looked shocked. "We…we will need to do a blood test. And an inheritance test." Amber looked between the two goblins in pure confusion. "Um, what?" "Miss. Potter—" "Please, call me Amber." "Amber, we um, we were told you looked like your father but you are a replica of your mother. The hair, the eyes, the stature…and the blood test and inheritance test? Well, the blood test proves that you are who you say you are. The inheritance test will tell us any and all vaults you are in line to inherit as well as any magical abilities you have and any blocks. It will also show who those blocks were placed by." Amber nodded slightly. "Alright then. How do we do it?" Sharptooth handed her a dagger. The handhold was covered in different gems. He also put a bowl in front of her. "You need to cut your hand and drip blood into this bowl. Also, on the parchment next to it; that's for the inheritance test." Amber nodded and did as she was told immediately. Five minutes later, Griphook dipped a feather, which appeared to be a quill, into her blood and set it upright on another piece of parchment. It started writing in a frenzy. He showed it to her when it was done writing. Name: Amber Juniper Rose Potter Mother: Lillian Marie Potter nee Evans (Adopted, Pureblood) Father: James Charlus Potter (Pureblood) Godfather: Sirius Orion Black Blood Adoption: Sirius Orion Black Amber looked at up at the goblins. "I knew James and Lily were my parents but…who is Sirius Black?" "Apparently someone who was falsely imprisoned. We will have to get ahold of the Head of the DMLE posthaste. Presumably she will be here this evening at which point you will need to return to the bank. In any case, now we turn to the inheritance test. Name: Amber Juniper Rose Potter Vaults: -Potter Family Vault: 31,489,273,176 Galleons -Potter Trust Vault: 100,000 Galleons -Black Trust Vault 542: 500,000 Galleons -Gryffindor Family Vault: 98,465,827,194 Galleons -Hufflepuff Family Vault: 85,428,917,015 Galleons -Ravenclaw Family Vault: 73,901,873,307 Galleons -Slytherin Family Vault: 69,804,938,009 Galleons Titles Applicable: -Lady Potter -Heiress Black -Lady Gryffindor -Lady Hufflepuff -Lady Ravenclaw -Lady Slytherin Outstanding Marriage Contracts Applicable: -Luna Lovegood -Draco Malfoy -Blaise Zabini Magical Inheritances: -Parseltongue (Slytherin) -Animal Speak (Hufflepuff) -Languages (Ravenclaw) -Metamorphmagus (Blood Adoption) -Multi Animagus (Potter/Gryffindor) -Natural Mental Arts (Slytherin/Ravenclaw) -Elemental: Fire Magical Blocks: -Metamorphmagus: 100% (Albus Dumbledore) -Multi Animagus: 100% (Albus Dumbledore 50%, Lily Potter 50%) -Natural Mental Arts: 100% (Albus Dumbledore) -Elemental: 100% (Albus Dumbledore) -Magical Power: 75% (Albus Dumbledore) The goblins just stared, pretty much in awe at the length and contents of the list while Amber shifted uncomfortably. "Well can you undo them?" Both goblins immediately nodded. "Yes Amber we can. Do you wish to visit your vaults today?" "Is it necessary to withdraw things?" "We can give you a wallet that has a muggle credit card as well as the opening can withdraw galleons, or pounds, you just have to think of the amount." "Then I will hold off on accessing any until probably tomorrow so I will have more time. Has anyone accessed my vaults that shouldn't?" Griphook shook his head. "Not the Potter ones. We locked those down. The founders were also locked down. The Black Family Vault…members of House Black have tried to access it but since they do not get approval from the family ring, they cannot do so unless the Head of House Black allows it. "And who is the head?" "Sirius Black." "Ah, the blood adoption father." "Yes." "Well, remove the blocks and I'd like the wallet. Then I can go shopping and I will return by seven this evening here to the bank and ask for Sharptooth. What do we do of the marriage contracts?" "We will have to write the families. You can also write them if you wish." She nodded and then sat down at his look. He was taking the blocks off. He waved his hand and a minute later Amber screamed in pain. Sharptooth and Griphook both looked at her, clearly concerned. When she finally stopped screaming and panting, she looked at them. "Does it always hurt that much?" Griphook snapped his fingers and a colored liquid in a bottle appeared. "Here. This is a pain potion. And no, it doesn't always hurt that much, but that fact that it hurt so much means you are far more powerful than expected. Plus, you have to realize, magical blocks like that are illegal to place unless by a licensed healer and even then only with parent permission." Amber nodded slowly, downing the potion gratefully and taking the wallet from Sharptooth. "So…seven, Master Griphook?" "Yes Amber. And at the same time you can take on your lady rings which will mean several things that can be explained at a later time." "Do you have any recommendations for my shopping endeavor?" Sharptooth and Griphook both grinned. "Well, you'll want two wands although be careful of who knows you have two since it is slightly frowned upon. Ollivander's can give you a normal one and then down Knockturn Alley is a story called 'Maia's Magicks'. She sells custom made wands, different books, and various wand related items. Instead of Madam Malkin's, you should go to Twilfitt and Tatting's. There is also a store for muggle clothing called Muggle Seasons. And…" Griphook waved his hand at some papers. Then handed them to her. "That will enable you to get non Hogwarts robes as well with your family crests on them." "Then I shall see you at seven." Amber stood up and left the bank, making a beeline in the direction where she had seen that Muggle Seasons shop on the way to the bank. She entered the shop. "Hello dear. My name is Lisa, how can I help you?" "I need a full wardrobe." "How full is full?" "Starting completely from the beginning and several items from each area if what I'm considering full, Lisa." "And you have the money for that?" "Without issue." Lisa just needed and tape measures flew at Amber without a word. They measured her up, down, left, and right until she felt like setting them on fire. Then Lisa read a piece of paper before turning back to her. "And what sorts of colors and things do you like, dear?" "My name is Amber. My favorite colors are blood red, silver, green, blue, pale yellow, dark purple, black, silvery grey, and white. Though I like almost all colors. I want jeans, slacks, skirts, dresses, jackets, cardigans, sweaters, hoodies but I want the hoodies to be baggy guy's hoodies, tank tops, sandals, tennis shoes, dress shoes, lower cut socks, knee highs, tights, the whole works. Any accessories you think