"Girl! You didn't finish all your chores!" I looked up from where I was weeding the garden and picking the plants. Uncle Vernon was once again angry I hadn't finished my chores. Never mind that I never managed to because my "family" had me doing everything. When I didn't finish everything, which was every day, he beat me. I had long since accepted this. I quickly finished the garden and brought the vegetables to my aunt in the kitchen. Then I walked into the living room where I knew my uncle would be. My aunt grabbed my arm as I walked back past her after the beating. I hissed in pain, but did not fight. "I'm getting you out of here soon. Make sure you're ready. It should be at night. Understand?" "Who?" "An old friend of your mother's. He does not like you, but I doubt he will beat you. He is from your freaky world." "I'll be ready." We were whispering. She released me and shoved a container of Oreo cookies and a jar of peanut butter at me. I took them and hid them in my cupboard. Then I came back out and took over their dinner. This had been a long standing tradition. She would hand me food, I'd hide it in my cupboard, and she would soon smuggle a bit of dinner in to me. After they'd gone to bed, I heard someone on the stairs. I thought it might be uncle, so I feigned sleep. My cupboard door opened. "Get up, Rose. We haven't time for you to think I am him. Is your stuff packed?" I handed her the bag that contained the hand-me-downs of fat Dudley, the oreos, the peanut butter, dinner, and a few bottles of water. Well really, I had no idea what this man would truly be like. Aunt Petunia took me outside and out my bag down on the ground by the mailbox. She handed me a cell phone and an envelope. "Read that later. Now, he will be coming at exactly midnight. Oh, here." She handed me a bag I hadn't noticed before. "They are just seeds. I know how much you love gardening." She was right. One of the few chores I had liked. "I have to go back inside, Rose. Before he wakes up and notices I am gone. This man will remind you of a bat. He has dark hair and a particularly nasty attitude. He will probably ask you questions to make sure you are not an impostor. Do not go with anyone else." "I won't." She hugged me tightly and then hurried back inside. I looked at the cell phone. I had about five minutes of waiting. Five minutes later, a man walked by me. He stopped just past me and said, "what are you doing outside at this time of night, girl? Haven't you anyone who cares enough to properly punish you for being outside past what I'm sure is your curfew? Instinctively, I knew that this was the man I was supposed to be waiting for. I don't know what made me say what I did then, but I said, "Hello Sev." I have no idea how I knew his name, but it was out of my mouth before I knew it. For the first time, he truly looked at me. "Rose." He grabbed my hand and pulled me against him. Sincerely glad that I had long since grabbed my stuff, I felt myself being sucked down a tube. When I opened my eyes, I frowned at what I saw. The house was huge. It wasn't a house, it was... "Snape Manor. Our neighbors, the Malfoys, have a son. You two will no doubt become good friends. I have few rules. Breaking any of them will not get you beaten, however you might get a lecture or be grounded. That does not mean you will be forbidden from eating or leaving the house. Let's go inside where we can be more comfortable to talk." Sev picked my bags up off the ground and saw my instant panic. "You will get them back. I am just carrying them for you." I relaxed slightly and he offered me his hand. I took it easily and allowed him to guide me into our home. Entering the living room, he gestured for me to sit in a very large overstuffed chair. I sat down and he sat on a couch. "Ask any questions you can think of that you want to know the answer to. There are no forbidden questions." "Where will I sleep?" "Your room is upstairs. I will show it to you when we are done talking." "Will you hit me?" "Never." "Feed me?" "Always." "What can I call you?" "Severus, or Sev as you seem to be more comfortable with." "Do I ever have to go back?" "No." "Is magic real?" "Yes." "Am I a witch?" "Yes." "Cool." "That's not a question." "What's your favorite color?" "Blue and green." "What do you do?" "Explain." "Work." "Ah. I teach potions at Hogwarts." "Can I learn?" "If you are willing." "I have no more questions right now." "Okay. Now, we are going to go shopping tomorrow for some clothes that fit and look nice and are girl clothes." "Really?" "And decorations for your room. Maybe we should simply decide what we're going to buy when we go shopping." "Um, yeah." "There is also someone who wants to meet you. Apparently, she will die if I do not allow her to see you." "I guess I'll see her. I've no problem with it. But can I please see where I'm to sleep?" "Of course." Sev offered me his arm and I took it. He led me up a flight of stairs. "You have a choice." "Which is?" Sev showed me several rooms before going up a floor and showing me several more. "What room do you want?" I quickly chose the biggest one I had seen and was happy to hear it was diagonal from his. "Where is the person I'm supposed to meet?" "If you wait here, I'll send her up." "Okay." I closed my eyes, imagining a comfortable bed and several chairs like the ones I had seen downstairs. They appeared in front of me how I imagined them. I touched the walls and they turned a deep green.I touched the floor and instantly they were dark hardwood. I continued to decorate my room in this manner until I heard a soft gasp. I whipped around to see a very young woman, probably seventeen, with bubblegum pink hair looking at me. I smirked, closed my eyes, and made my hair mirror hers. I opened by eyes and smiled at her. I held out a hand. She shook it hesitantly. "You're a metamorphagus?" "If you mean I can change my appearance at will, then yes." "Oh, me too. Huh. I've never met someone else who could. Neat. Anyways, I was wondering if you wanted some girl advice during your outting tomorrow. Sev knows a lot, but not much about clothing." "Are you his girlfriend?" "Heavens no. I'm his daughter." "You don't call him dad?" "I do. I was calling him Sev for your benefit." "I'd love it. Where's your room?" "Next to yours." "How old are you?" "I am eleven. Same age as you." "Oh, you look like you're seventeen." "Metamorphagus." She changed and her hair became a deep, vibrant red. "It's usually black like yours," I changed my hair back, "but I prefer it like this when I'm at home." Severus walked into the room. "I'm glad you two..." We had moved to lay on the overly large bed I had summoned up. We looked over at him and smirked at his wordlessness. "Hey dad." "Hey Sev." "Glad you two are becoming friends. Um, your letters came so we can take care of school shopping tomorrow as well." "Okay." "Dinner will be ready in ten minutes." "Dad?" "Yes Jade?" "Can Draco come over for dinner and spend the night?" "I suppose. Go get him." "Come on, Rose." We got up and ran past Sev. "Try to be back for dinner!" "Maybe!" Jade sniggered. She continued to grab my wrist and drag me down the hallway, down the stairs, and out the patio doors. We ran through the back field. "I'll introduce you to the horses later. We can all go riding. Sev got you one." "Okay." We continued on quite a ways until we came to another manor. "Malfoy Manor. Come on. We can let ourselves in." "Isn't that breaking and entering?" "Your point? I do it too often. They are WAY too used to it." We ran through a door and down the hallways again. Obviously she was trying to make it back on time. I saw a blonde boy on the stairs looking to be our age. "Draco!" I guessed. He turned around and looked at me before locating Jade. She smirked and motioned him over silently. When he reached us, she finally spoke. "Draco, Rose. Rose, you are very smart. This IS Draco." "You are hilarious." "I know I am." Draco smiled at me. "Crap. It's been ten minutes." I opened a doorway into the continuum, thanking my powers every second. (this will be explained later.) I grabbed their hands and pulled them into it with me. We appeared by Sev's side exactly on time. "Rose!" He clamped a hand to his chest. "Hi there." "Oh dear Merlin. Are you trying to give me a heart attack?" "No." They had already walked, laughing, into the dining room. "I'm sorry." I looked away, feeling endlessly guilty. I felt a hand on my shoulder. Then one pulled my chin up to meet his eyes again. His black obsidian gaze met my green eyes. The second they did, I was horrified to feel my eyes fill with tears. I blinked to try to make them go away, but they wouldn't leave. One made a trail down my cheek and he put his hand up. I honestly thought he was going to hit me, and I flinched away. He continued to brush it away anyway. I was thankful he did as I really didn't want to walk into the dining room when it was obvious I had been crying. Sev pulled me against him and just held me, letting me cry. He said nothing about the flinching even though I knew that he knew what it meant. "Rose, they are waiting. We wouldn't want to keep them would we? Come on now, you and I can talk later." I knew it wasn't a request, but it wasn't an order either. Well, it was, it just wasn't made to sound like one. "Yes sir." "And enough with this 'sir' business." *****3 hours later***** "I'll be back guys. I'm just going to, uh, go to the bathroom." "Alright, Rose." I left the room silently, and walked across the hallway. Knocking on Sev's door, I slipped in when he bade me to enter. "Sev," I said, quietly. "Rose. Now, do you want to talk?" "Sure." "I feel as though you have more questions, but you're holding back." "It's possible." "Never be afraid to speak your mind with me, Rose. With me, no matter where I am or who I am with, there is a safe place. You can ask what you like, you may rant and you may rave. The only thing I request is that you watch your language." "What will happen once we go to school?" "I will treat you the same as I do now. I do not care what house you end up in, Rose. Just like with Jade, I will not turn my back on you should you end up in some place other than Slytherin." "But you hate Gryffindors." My voice was quiet, almost nonexistent. He put a hand under my chin, and lifted my eyes to meet his again.