A/N: So, this is my second ongoing story, and it may be posted irregularly. But, please give it a shot. It's based on a fic my friend FireLadyMoon has written. Therefore, the characters are not solely mine, since we developed the ideas together. If you have time, give her fic a shot as well. On another note, I would much appreciate any reviews, I love hearing from you. Thanks :D Chapter 1: The return of the queen Something warm pressed against my eye lids and I tapped blindly around my nightstand, reaching for my wand. After a few unsuccessful attempts, and a frustrated sigh I managed to locate the blasted thing and I waved it in the general direction of the window, genuinely relieved when the sun was hidden behind the heavy dark green curtains. I buried my face in the pillow hopping that I would fall back asleep. Unfortunately, my brain was wide awake, and an image of a castle flashed through my mind. Hogwarts. We were going back today, I remembered, and sighed again. Nothing would remain the same this year, not since the Dark Lord came back. Nowhere was safe, and no one would be spared. How utterly troublesome. I snapped my eyes open and pulled the covers from myself, sitting up and lowering my legs gently on the floor. No, nothing would remain the same, but I had been waiting for it. I was no fool, and it was only a matter of time before the wretched man came back. And if he thought that he could hurt my family again, he was oh so very wrong. This time, not only his deatheaters would die. No, this time I would do my damn best to kill him. Not for a stupid reason such as nobility or altruism. No. I wanted revenge, and revenge only. I waved my wand again, summoning my clothes and having them follow me in the bathroom. It was illegal, underage magic that is. But the Ministry was always, persuaded, to do what the purebloods with enough galleons wanted them to do. I brushed my teeth quickly, and as I stepped into the shower I swore under my breath. Arielle had once again left her shampoo in my shower. Why the girl could not use any other shower in the manor, Merlin knew that there were many to spare, was beyond me. Once showered, and fully clothed in my uniform I stepped in front of the full body mirror in my room. My reflection in the mirror frowned at my green tie, and I smoothed it out. My house would also change this year, and as faces of my housemates flashed in my mind one by one, I couldn't help but wonder how many of them would take the dark mark, or how many were considering getting it at the moment. The Slytherin house was not a place to make friends, perhaps acquaintances at best. Most of them were blood relatives, closer or more distant, but none of the family love could be sensed there. Except for Daphne and Astoria. I was rather fond of the sisters, as they were my playmates from childhood. Mine and Meldoy's of course. Ah Melody, she was probably still asleep. So much for the hard work of a Hufflepuff. At this, my reflection smirked. Sisters, twins at that, belonging to Hufflepuff and Slytherin. Ridiculous. It was also rather funny , in my opinion, that two of my closest friends, save for my sister, belonged to the Gryffindor and Ravenclaw. Speaking of annoying Gryffindor friends… I waved my wand once more, and from my desk flew a piece of parchment and a quill, along with an ink pot. Another wave and the quill pressed itself against parchments, waiting from my instructions. "Not so dear Arielle Hayes" I spoke and the quill scribbled the words onto the parchment. "Upon entering my shower today, I had established that you once again left your personal belongings there. Find enclosed your shampoo, and do heed my advice. If I find it again, I will hex your red head off. My worst, Rosalind Valeria Kersey." My reflection in the mirror smirked as another thought came to mind. "P.S. Don't be late today, because, Melody, or no Melody, I will leave without you." With another wave of my wand, the letter was folded and ready to be sent. "Tolly!" I called, and in a second, a pop was heard behind me. "Good morning mistress Rosalind" came a shrill voice, and I turned to see a small house elf bowing to me, her long pointed nose touching the floor. "Good morning Tolly" I greeted, noting that she had a new dress on. "Your new dress looks lovely." The house elf grinned in response and I allowed myself a small smile. Tolly was very old, and she had been with me, as my personal house elf, from the moment I was born. "Thank you mistress" squeaked she, her voice rising in volume out of sheer happiness.. "How may Tolly help mistress?" "I have a letter to be sent, send out Greyclaw." I spoke, taking the letter from mid-air and handing it to the waiting elf. "It's for Arielle, you know what to do" I instructed. "Yes mistress, " spoke Tolly, bowing once again. "Will mistress be coming down for breakfast?" "I will, have them prepare my tea." I spoke, turning to the mirror once again. "That is all Tolly, thank you." The house elf disapparated with a pop and I sighed, fixing a strand of my hair. I liked to keep it short, cut down gradually so that the front reached half way to my shoulders. My hair was blond, as was that of the entire side of my mother's family. With one final look, I turned to the doors, leaving the room. I had made my decision. My sister would not die for being too kind, I would kill the blasted man before he could lay one spell on her, and all those foolish enough to stand in my way. And I had no doubts about getting my way, after all I was a Kersey. And what a Kersey wants, a Kersey gets. I descended the stairs and made my way to the dining room, finding it empty, save for my grandfather, who sat at the head of the table, reading the Daily Prophet. Nally was also there, and the house elf bowed as I entered the room. "Good morning Grandfather" I greeted, taking a seat a couple of chairs away from him. My grandfather was a closed-off man, not unlike myself, and we usually spent our time together in silence. This morning seemed to be an exemption, as he addressed me the moment I sat down. "I need to talk to you Rosalind, come see me in my office after you've had your breakfast." Spoke he, his voice a rumble, observing me over his glasses. "Of course Grandfather" I spoke and he nodded to me, before hiding behind his copy of the newspapers again. I chose to eat lightly that morning, so I took some scrambled eggs and a piece of bread along with tea. Unlike most, I could not eat when I was nervous, and even though I would not admit that to anyone else, I felt anxiety about the return to Hogwarts. "Hello my little snake" came a voice and I turned to the doors, only to see my grandmother walking in, more gliding then stepping, as she made her way to my grandfather. "Did you sleep well?" "Well enough" I responded, taking a bite from my breakfast and glancing at my grandmother. She chose to wear a dark green set of robes today, which I highly approved of, and she walked up to my grandfather, kissing his cheek in greeting and sitting beside him. My grandfather murmured a good morning in return, still reading. They were an odd pair, since my grandmother was rather fond of the physical part of any relationship and my grandfather was distinctively uncomfortable with it, just like me. But they were the two of the happiest people I know, considering everything that has happened. "Melody is still asleep, I take it?" spoke my grandmother with a fond smile. "Of course, she is the most lazy Hufflepuff I have met." I responded, a smirk on my lips. I noticed that the corner of my grandfather's mouth turned upwards as well, but he remained otherwise unresponsive. "And you have met so many Hufflepuffs, aside from jinxing them for breathing on your way have you Linds?" came a voice, so alike my own. Melody walked into the room, a smile on her face adding a teasing note to her words. "I have met enough" I spoke, smirking." And I assure you, I have no patience to meet any more." "And I assure you that I was not sleeping, I was merely resting for the tedious journey to our education facility" spoke she with a grin and burst out in a fit of giggles. "You talk like you have swollen a broomstick Linds". "Thank you sister, you are always so very kind." I murmured, taking a sip of my tea and smirking. "Now, now girls" spoke our grandmother, the grin on her face identical to the one my sister wore. "You are both my lovely little granddaughters. A badger and a snake at that!" laughed she. The rest of the breakfast was spent in a similar matter, and I waited a couple of more minutes after my grandfather left, and then followed him into his office. I walked through the heavy mahogany doors to see my grandfather sitting behind his desk. The fireplace was alight and the warm glow of the fire bathed the room in orange shades. For once, I did not find my grandfather reading, instead his light grey eyes were trained on me from the second I opened the doors of his office. I walked forward and he motioned for me to have a seat. "You wished to talk grandfather?" I asked, folding my hands in my lap, my wand in my robes. "Yes" spoke he, clasping his hands together and leaning on them, his keen eyes observing me, calculating. "Fourteen years ago, I lost my only son, to the long and bitter war." Spoke he, his voice showing no emotion. "You and your sister and the only thing I have left from him." He made a pause then, seeming to allow me to grasp the meaning he hid in his words. "Yet the war has started again. The Dark Lord has returned, at least according to the Potter boy." I spoke, narrowing my eyes at that. My grandfather nodded in approval of my words, seeming to be content with the way I was thinking. "Correct. You, of course are safe from them, from him. " spoke he, " A pureblood, Slytherin and showing no love for muggle-borns or half-bloods. Save for Arielle and Claudia." "And Melody is not" I spoke, continuing his train of thought. "She is everything they resent in a pure-blooded witch. A friend of muggle-borns, kind, loyal with no pride in her lineage. A blood traitor." "And they will come for her" spoke my grandfather" make an example out of her." Neither of us spoke a word after that, both turning to stare at the fire. "You have always been cunning, even as a child" spoke he, and I noticed a small smile on his face as he spoke. "Exactly like your father, you know how to get what you want. " He turned serious and spoke again after a while "I am old Rosalind. My magic is still strong, but how long I would last in a duel is doubtable. Antila and I can no longer protect you. But you…." At this, he turned to me, "You were born powerful child, your magic is the strongest of our family, perhaps in a