Note: Skip to the very beginning of chapter 3 just for a moment to read my note about strikethroughs before you read this chapter. Part I 1 Hermione Granger stepped off the Hogwarts Express into the bright summer sun and squinted her eyes against the onslaught. She glanced around the platform and waved when she saw three familiar faces. "So how does it feel?" Harry Potter asked, his hair black and messy as always, his green eyes significantly less haunted from the last time Hermione had seen him about three months previous during the last Hogsmeade visit of the year. It had been a year of recovery for the group of them: Hermione, Harry, their best friend Ron Weasley, and Ron's sister—Harry's fiancée—Ginny Weasley. After Harry, Ron, and Hermione had worked to finally bring down Voldemort, the three of them weren't really sure what to do next. On the run for a year, plotting Voldemort's demise for even longer than that, and six years of magical education before that , each of them wasn't really sure what it meant to live their lives outside of the things that had occupied their existence for such an enormous portion of their lives. What would it be like to go back into the world after the year they had just had, the things they had experienced, the trauma they had faced? What was Harry to do after he had looked inside the head of a man he believed to have betrayed one of the people he thought he knew most in the world, accepted the fate he saw inside that head, and walked to his death only to discover that he couldn't be killed by Voldemort as long as the Elder Wand did not answer to him? What was Ron to do after facing down some of his biggest fears and insecurities at hands of a vile piece of Voldemort's soul? What was Hermione to do after being tortured for information by a maniacal, evil, zealot-for-the-cause witch who would stop at nothing to please her master? Well. They would survive. They would move on. They would live. Harry became an Auror like he had wanted ever since he understood what exactly it meant to have such a profession. His nightmares were violent and terrible at first, drenching him in a cold sweat, lingering throughout the days, but then slowly diminishing over time. The happiness returned to his eyes as the memories faded, though never fully left, never would, and Ginny helped him find his way with her love and support. He had his arm around her shoulders now as they stood on the platform, holding her a bit more closely and a bit more tightly than he would have had he not gone through what he had gone through. He always held her like that—with love and care and tenderness, with the underlying feelings of desperation and fear that had not gone and would not go for years to come. Ginny was a professional Quidditch player for the Holyhead Harpies—an all-female team—and it was obvious that she had been out in the sun practicing a lot lately. Her skin was more tanned and her freckles were more pronounced than Hermione had ever seen them. Ron had spent the year working at the Department of Magical Law Enforcement along with Harry to hunt down the last of Voldemort's followers. Hermione had been, naturally, skeptical about this endeavor, fearing that it would set back the ability to recover from the previous year for both of them, until she realized that Harry thrived as an Auror, and the only way he would ever be able to fully move on was if he knew every last Death Eater was either dead or in Azkaban. Ron was different, though. He had chosen this path primarily to support Harry and to go on another great adventure—Ron had always been very, well, Slytherin about his quest for fame and glory—but Hermione knew it wouldn't and couldn't last, and she was right. About two months ago, Ron had decided that he was going to start working with his brother George at the joke shop he had started with their brother Fred a few years ago. Fred had died in the war, and George was struggling without him, so Ron decided that instead of being an Auror, he would take the time off and work with his brother, something that would do both of them a world of good. For her part, Hermione had returned to Hogwarts. She just knew she would never be able to feel fully accomplished without completing her wizarding education, something she had dreamed of doing since she learned she was a witch when she was eleven years old. Ginny hadn't returned either, despite not finishing her seventh year completely, opting instead to fly with the Harpies, so it was strange to be at Hogwarts without any of her friends or anyone she knew really. She had known some of the younger Gryffindors, but without Harry and Ron to force her to be social, she had kept primarily to her books and studies, and she knew without question that it would pay off when she got her N.E.W.T. results in a few weeks. It had been a lonely and difficult year, but Harry, Ron, and Ginny had visited in Hogsmeade as often as possible. Hermione had gone to the Burrow for Christmas, and with her intense studying, the year had gone by quickly. But, bloody hell, was she happy to be back. Hermione felt a warm flush in her heart at seeing all them. She stood on her toes to place a soft kiss on Ron's lips. They had decided to take things slow— very slow—since they would hardly be able see each other during the time when Hermione was finishing up her education and Ron was hunting Death Eaters. They couldn't really be considered boyfriend and girlfriend, but they had a relationship of sorts, and Hermione was happy to see him. "It feels good," Hermione said as she gave Harry a hug and then turned to Ginny to do the same. "I still don't know why you felt like you had to finish your seventh year," Ron said with a shrug as he took Hermione's trunk and started to load her things onto a cart. "You could do anything you want without it." "School is important to her," Harry said with a laugh. "Surely you must know that by now." "Thank you, Harry," Hermione said with a look at Ron. "It's over anyway, Ronald, so you don't have to hurt your head wondering about it anymore." Ginny and Harry laughed while Ron scowled. "We thought we'd take you to dinner," Harry said as they started to walk toward the entrance to Platform 9 ¾. He had moved away from Ginny only to throw an arm around Hermione's shoulders. "I made reservations at that place you like in London. I hope that's okay." "I told them you would be tired—" "No, it's fine," Hermione interrupted Ginny. "That sounds great." She glanced around Harry to where Ginny was on his other side, holding Crookshanks, who she'd taken out of his cage the moment she'd seen him. "Ginny, how's everything coming along?" "Why are you asking her and not me?" Harry looked down at Hermione, looking faux-wounded. Hermione laughed. "Okay, Harry, how is the wedding planning coming?" He shrugged and looked ahead, his arm around her tightening a bit. "I don't know, ask Ginny." He smirked, and Hermione threw her head back in laughter. It really was incredible to be back with them again. July 10, 1999 11:42 pm I'm not really sure what the hell the bloody point of this is. But that woman insists that it will be "good for me" to "reflect" and "express my feelings." Bollocks. There's nothing to reflect on or express. Everything is pretty fucking straightforward. My parents attached themselves to a bloody maniac. I, being a stupid child who didn't know any better and who didn't understand anything in the world other than bringing pride and glory to the family, idiotically, attached myself to that maniac as well. That maniac started a war. He did horrible things to everyone. / To me\ Bloody hell. I spilled tea all over this page and I can't get the stain out. I was never very good at cleaning spells. I didn't want to talk about the Dark Lord. But she insists that I talk about it. And then she freaks the hell out when I talk about him and my hands shake or my eyes "go blank" as she insists they do. Well, who cares if my hands shake a little when I talk about the Dark Lord? He was bloody scary. It's not that big of a deal. But now she's got me all worried about a little hand shaking and I dropped my tea. She I didn't even want to hire this woman. My mother insisted. My mother. Jesus, isn't that ever the topic that this woman always wants to talk about. My mother and my father. " Tell me about your childhood?" " Do you feel like your parents forced you to be a Death Eater?" " Did your father ever harm you?" " Would you say your mother was your rock?" I mean, Christ. I told mum that a shrink—"A therapist, Draco, call her a therapist."—well, I told her that getting a shrink was a stupid idea. But her and father aren't around, and as much as mum makes overtures that they won't be gone forever, I know—as they do—that they aren't coming back. So mum says "you should talk to someone" when she floos. And I tell her it's ridiculous—that I'm fine in the Manor with the house elves that don't want to leave, but mum bloody well insists that that's not good enough. I talk to her . Isn't that enough? I told her about the nightmares. I admitted that I hardly ever leave the manor. I even bloody admitted to her that I cry, well, more than is strictly necessary. I talk to her. Isn't that enough? " No, Draco, it's not enough. Your father and I are all the way in France. I can't always be there for you when you need me." And when I told her that it was unbecoming of a Malfoy to see a shrink, she told me to grow up. Can you believe that? My mother told me to grow up for just reciting all the shit that she and father have been hammering into my brain since birth! I guess I'll have to tell the therapist about that at some point. She's always asking about my parents. Did I mention that? I would say that's probably the main thing she asks about. I tried to find somebody else, but my mother said she was the most highly recommended therapist for wizards and witches in Europe. Please. Like there's such a huge market for magical shrinks. But I figure everyone is going to want to know about my parents. And everyone is going to think it's odd that I live all alone in the manor, but what do they know? This is my home. I'm not about to go run away and hide in France like my parents are doing. Dr. Blazer (not her real name, but she always wears these two bloody blazers, a tan one and a navy blue one. I swear to Merlin that she doesn't have a single other article of clothing but those two bloody jackets), she would say that what I'm doing at the manor is no better than what my parents are doing in France, but she's wrong. I'm here, aren't I? Sure I make the servants get me everything I need when I need anything that requires traveling into Diagon Alley or anywhere else wizards might be, but I go out. I mean, hell, I