A/N: Hi friends! Wow, it's been literally over ten years since I've written Marauders-era fanfiction and now that I've started this up again, I realize I still love it just as much as I did then. A few things before we get started! If you're here wondering why I haven't updated Fly Me Away, I know, and I'm sorry. I also feel like I need to mention that in this fandom there seems to be a division between those that are on "Team James" and those that are on "Team Snape." I just want you to know that I am very firmly on "Team James," and so if you are very, very fond of and sympathetic toward Snape, this may not be the story for you. Next, I am American, I have never been to Europe, I'm doing my best with the dialogue and shit here. Lastly, it has been a hot minute since I've actually read the books, so book and movie canon will probably get blurred sometimes, just let it happen. Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter series or any of the associated trademark characters or storylines. I am not and do not claim to be affiliated with JK Rowling. Full Summary: Magic was supposed to be whimsical, enchanting, fun. But it's 1975 and the self-proclaimed Dark Lord has other plans. Dark Marks are graffiti'ed across the sky as a warning, a threat. Hogwarts students try to focus on their schooling, their friends, and being a child while they can. But some of their parents remember Grindelwald and they recognize the signs. With fellow students practicing dark magic and friendships being tested, it's hard to ignore that their parents' war will soon be theirs. And yet, they still try, forcing light in the darkness and daring to laugh when others want to cry. After all, they aren't dead yet, and there's few things that would irritate the Dark Lord more than a bunch of blood traitors and muggleborns thriving in the face of his power. This is the story of those blood traitors, those half-bloods, those muggleborns, growing up and up to no good. " I like my coffee pure, just like my blood." Chapter One: Storms Ahead Thunder echoed throughout the platform on this fine September first, the scarlet engine waiting patiently for students to board before it would trudge out into the rain and begin its journey. Fifteen-year-old Lily Evans jumped slightly at the sound, never much caring for thunder. She recalled crawling into her sister's bed when she was younger and a particularly bad storm would come by. Petunia would sigh and say that the angels were just bowling, that was all. But she would still scoot over and let Lily stay in bed with her for the remainder of the night anyway. Lily frowned at the thought. Her sister had done nothing resembling comforting ever since it was revealed that Lily was a witch. Anymore, when a storm hit, Lily would lie awake and listen to the sound of the thunder, trying to picture angels by herself. "You're sure you packed everything, Poppet? All your books?" Lily's father asked, nudging her out of her memories. "I should have. I re-checked my list at least four times," Lily said, hoping suddenly that she hadn't forgotten to put something on her list. "Got your pillow? I know you don't sleep well without it," her mother fussed. "Yes, yes, I packed it this morning," Lily responded, now mentally going over her list of classes and the books required for each. She supposed if she forgot one, Marlene would let her borrow her copy, or perhaps Dorcas. Emmeline was awfully protective of her books, so Lily wasn't sure she would even ask. Suddenly she was being pulled into her mother's arms (for perhaps the fifth time) and the girl warmly returned the embrace, knowing she wouldn't be able to experience the special sort of feeling that came with a mother's hug for at least a few months. "Have fun, dear!" her mother said, starting to get teary as she did each year. "Not too much fun," her father added with a smile, piling his own hug on top of the hug that was already ongoing. "You've got big exams this year right? Don't lose sight of that." "I won't, Daddy," Lily said. "Be sure you get enough sleep! I'm worried with those prefect duties—" her mother started. "I'll be fine, I'll adapt," Lily said. Her parents finally released her from their grasp and each planted a kiss to her cheek. "We hate to leave before you've even boarded the train, Poppet, but traffic is only going to get worse with the storm and we have to meet Petunia for lunch," her father said. Lily tried to keep herself from frowning. Petunia had come out to London a few months earlier to take a typing course. Her parents were meant to meet her new boyfriend today. Lily had a strong suspicion that Petunia scheduled the lunch as she had, on the other side of town, as an excuse not to come see her off. Not to mention, it would get their parents to leave early. The redhead forced a smile. "It's fine. Go. Give Tuney a hug for me?" "Of course we will," her mother said, sneaking one more hug from her younger daughter. "Goodbye, Lily, have a good semester." "Don't forget to write! Just don't send that old barn owl again, it crashed into my violets last time," said her father. "I'll see if Dorcas will let me borrow her owl," Lily said. "Goodbye." She waved to them and they waved in return before stepping through the portal to get off the platform. She felt a knot in her chest and swallowed. She had hoped that by the fifth September first she said goodbye to her family she might not immediately feel homesick the moment they were no longer in sight. "Lily, there you are!" came a voice from her right. She turned to see a girl with carefully curled brown hair heading her way. There were two white rats in a small travel cage atop a guitar case, atop her trunk, slumbering soundly, seeming unbothered by the slight jostling of their cage or the sounds around them. "Em!" Lily said, instantly feeling better as Emmeline practically tackled her with a hug. "Thank Merlin you're here, Dad dropped me off ages ago and I was beginning to think you'd all abandoned me," Emmeline said. "Oh, come now, that wouldn't be so bad. You'd still have Bruno and Boris here," Lily said, gesturing to the rat cage. "It's true, but they never have any interesting input when I want to discuss politics with them," Emmeline said with a dramatic sigh. "So, I'll have to keep talking to you lot after all." "What a shame," Lily smirked. "Do you know where the prefect compartment is?" Emmeline, one of Lily's friends that actually had access to a phone, had called over the summer to say that she had been named prefect as well, for Ravenclaw. "It's the first one in the front, I think. Any word on the other prefect in Gryffindor?" "As long as it's not James Potter or Sirius Black, then I don't really care," Lily groaned, remembering that returning to school meant dealing with them again. It wasn't as though she hated them, but their sense of humor was not one she shared. Unfortunately, she seemed to be in the minority. "Oh, Dumbledore wouldn't do that… would he?" "That old bloke's got a batshit sense of humor, I wouldn't put it past him," said Marlene McKinnon with her distinctly Scottish accent as she snuck up on the two of them. "Marly!" Lily and Emmeline said at once, each taking turns hugging the girl. Lily had just recently visited with her over the holiday but somehow that still seemed too long. "Goody two-shoes, the both of you. What am I gonna do with myself the whole ride to school while you're off... prefecting?" Marlene said dramatically. "We already lost Alice to the prefects last year!" "I suppose you'll have to sit with Dorcas? Like every year?" Emmeline suggested. "Oh, except this year we won't have to sit with Severus because Lily won't be in the compartment," Marlene said, her eyes lighting up at the notion. "Come on, he's not that bad," Lily said with a slight pout. It bothered her a great deal that her friends didn't like Severus, nor did he particularly care for them. Neither party bothered to hide these feelings. "I don't think he would have sat with us anyway. He got here early and I saw him go off with his dark arts buddies, they're already on the train," Emmeline said. "Oh, no!" Marlene said sarcastically. She turned her attention to Lily. "He didn't get the badge too, did he? I can only imagine." "No, Mulciber got the badge, I overheard them," Emmeline answered for Lily. "Did you spend the morning eavesdropping?" Lily teased, though she cringed at the idea of Anthony Mulciber with a prefect's badge. "It's not my fault people talk loudly near me," Emmeline shrugged. Marlene seemed to have similar feelings at the thought of Mulciber the prefect, though. "He might actually be worse. At least Severus would just spend most of his time trying to get James expelled." "Severus' life does not revolve around James Potter, he has plenty more going on," Lily said defensively. "Yes, don't forget, he's got to pencil in time to make up dark spells because Merlin knows if there's anything the world needs, it's more of those," Emmeline said dryly. "He's also got to perfect his sneer and condescending tone for whenever he corrects someone in class. Super productive," Marlene nodded. "I know he's fallen in with an… awful crowd, and I don't condone it one bit, and I've told him that. But it doesn't just cancel out my past with him, right? It doesn't just cancel out the fact that he's been my dear friend this whole time?" Lily said. She knew that Severus had wanted desperately to fit in with his housemates for ages, and now that he was, she saw less and less of her old friend. Emmeline frowned. "I'm sorry, Lily, it's not right for us to just… pick on him like that in front of you. He just—" "He's just such a git," Marlene groaned. "I was going to say, he seems to almost be trying to be unlikeable," Emmeline said, cocking a brow at Marlene. "But that doesn't make Lily's experience any less valid, I suppose, so, perhaps we should change the subject?" Marlene looked as though she was so ready to keep talking all about Severus Snape and his many, many faults, but instead exhaled, as though she had been holding these complaints in her lungs along with her breath, before nodding. "Fine, fine. He's still a git." "Why don't we set our things on the train, find somewhere to change, and try to find Dorcas, hm?" Emmeline suggested. "And Alice." "Alice will be wherever Frank is, no doubt," Lily snorted, beginning to walk with the other girls toward the train. "She needs to just ask him out already. It's getting annoying," Marlene said, shaking her head. "She keeps chickening out. I thought you lot were in the brave house," said Emmeline. "Have you seen Peter Pettigrew when there's a cat around?" laughed Marlene. "The sorting hat's sense of humor might be stranger than Dumbledore's!" "Okay, so hear me out," Sirius said from aboard the train. James and Remus were on the platform, watching Peter attempt to lift his trunk up to Sirius, so that he might hoist it onboard. "Moony being a prefect is going to be a great thing for us." "Why, because one prefect won't give us detention?" James asked, stepping forward to help the clearly struggling Peter with his end of the trunk.