Chapter One Percy's POV The man in front of us frowned in concern. His eyes were deep black, with white and silver speckled dots – like stars. "What are your names? What are you?" He asked. His gaze slid down to my bleeding and festering knee. I shifted, trying to hide it from his line of sight, and winced in pain. I looked behind me into her eyes. Her eyes– once beautiful stormy gray– now shocking silver, with suspicious dark golden glints. An understanding passed between us. She blanched, but nodded. I shifted my gaze back to the man. I sucked in a breath. He stared deep into my eyes. What color were they now? I had no idea. Emerald green, most likely. Or maybe sea blue. Electric blue? Gold? I shifted my leg once more, ignoring the flare of pain. Our names? That's easy. Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase. Former demigods- now werewolves. Two years. Two years since we were forced to abandon our lives, our home, and our happiness. Two years since we had to begin our fight for survival. Two years since we were bitten. Annabeth grunted over and over again as we leapt over branches and roots. I cringed inwardly, knowing that there was no way that this was doing any good to her ankle, which still hadn't fully healed since Tartarus. The moonlight cast eerie shadows along the tree trunks of the forest, leaving the leaves outlined in silver and ash gray. The growl sounded again behind us. But this time it sounded closer; much closer. Even though I knew it would cause her pain, I urged Annabeth to run faster. Her blonde hair swung limply as she half ran, half limped. She sliced swaths of leaves and branches with her drakon bone sword. I noticed that her hair had been lightening a lot more lately. Two years ago it was a rich honey blonde. But now… but now it was almost platinum. No… not platinum… more of an ash blonde. She had ash blonde hair now. I shook my head. Now wasn't the time to get distracted. I quickly threw a glance behind me. Nothing but silver lined trees and shrubs, but I knew better. I knew that somewhere back there, a pair of glowing red eyes was moving swiftly through the darkness, chasing us. Pursuing us. Hunting us . We continued to run. After awhile, the growling stopped. Annabeth crumpled to the ground, her adrenalin rush finally ending. I caught her just before her head struck a rock. Her face was chalky, and the dim light of the moon seemed to draw circled under her silver eyes. She licked her lips. "I'm fine, Percy. Just let me stand and we can go look for a place to spend the night." She managed to croak out. A cool wind ruffled the boughs of branches above us, causing the remains of her tattered shirt to slip a little off her shoulder, revealing her scar. Revealing her bite mark. It was chalk white now, but it was still deep, etched into her skin. My hand subconsciously ghosted over my own bite mark on the small of my back. Right where my weak point used to be. I never knew if it was on accident, or if the Fates were playing s cruel joke. The threat was gone for now. I hoisted Annabeth up and carried her bridal style. She immediately scowled. "You don't have to do that, Percy. I can walk on my own." She murmured in protest. But I could hear the fatigue laced into her words, so I shook my head in response and started to walk. I don't know how long I carried her, but before I knew it, the sun was inching its way over the trees. Time to search for shelter. Finally, we found a cave well hidden in the curtain of leaves, branches, and tree trunks. The sun was high in the sky, and my muscles burned with exhaustion. For the time being, the wolves won't come after us. They never come out during daylight. I set her down on the damp stone floor. Her blonde hair was plastered to her forehead, her fingers clammy. She was asleep. I pecked her on the forehead, left her with her sword, and went looking for food. Being a werewolf, my senses were heightened. I could see better, sense when danger was coming beforehand, and smell sharper, for example. The ground was moist under my shoes. They squelched as I walked. A warm breeze whistled past me, downwind. I caught the scent of strawberries and traced the breeze upwind. I found them. Bushes upon bushes of strawberries; ripe, red, and juicy. My mouth watered in anticipation. These looked good enough to be grown at camp. I reach out to take a strawberry. Then it happened, fast. It happened too fast, as if someone was waiting for some poor person to stumble upon their strawberry bushes, lying in wait to shoot them dead. An arrow whizzed past me. I dodged, thanks to my quick reflexes. But it still skimmed my knee. I grit my teeth to keep from hissing in pain. A small trickle of blood was making its way down my pants leg. More arrows rained down on me. This time, I wasn't fast enough. One of them caught in my arm, the other in my knee, the last narrowly missed my foot. I cried out in pain, loudly, blindly hoping that the sound would reach where Annabeth was and she would come looking for me. A foolish hope; but a hope all the same. The arrows stopped, but the pain didn't. It washed over me, wave after wave after wave. My eyesight dimmed around the edges. Black dots danced in my line of vision. I slowly sunk to the ground. Then I heard a voice. "Oh my gods! I shot a human! Beck! Come quick! I shot a human! Oh my gods, oh my gods!" A female voice screamed. She sounded young; couldn't have been older than 16, and no younger than 13. I weakly turned my head to see a young girl standing a few yards away from me. She had auburn hair, amber eyes, and slightly tanned skin. Her eyes were wide with fright as she clutched a navy blue arrow with silver designs etched along the handle in her hands. She was dressed in light blue torn jeans, black combat boots, a white tank top, and a silvery gray ski jacket. Two combat knives were strapped to her waist on each side. Her hair was tied up in a messy hipster bun. I gave her a weak smile and muttered, "Annabeth," before my eyes slid closed and the world faded into a black. When I awoke, I didn't know where I was. My eyesight was blurry, and my head pounded like a drum. The room was white, all white, with a few silver or black accents here and there. The door opened, even though I didn't know where it was, as it blended in with the whitewashed walls. The girl from earlier and a boy I didn't recognize hurried into the room before the door melted back into the wall. He had dark chocolate brown hair, almost black, hazel eyes, the same skin tone as the girl beside him, and looked to be around 16 or 17. A sword and shield were latched onto his back, and he was dressed similarly to the girl. Jeans, combat boots, a tank top, and a jacket. The girl gasped and ran over to me. "You're awake! Oh my gods! I'm so sorry for shooting you! I thought you were one of those wolves that had been attacking our food supplies lately." I didn't hear her wolf comment just then, that would've made things a lot easier in the times to come. I slowly, slowly shifted my weight to my other leg. I bit down on my lip. My knee felt like it was going up in flames. The girl stopped me from moving anymore. "You probably shouldn't move for awhile. Osiris had a look at that and he said that it will take a few hours before he can work his healing magic. I nodded. Then I realized something. It caused my heart to race and my head to pound harder. "Annabeth?" I croaked out. The girl waved her hand. "You mean the blonde girl who looked ready to murder me when she found out I was the one who shot you?" I nodded, hiding a smile because that sounds like something Annabeth would do. The girl gave me a warm smile. "She's in the other room, sleeping off her anger. Beck and I found her stumbling around, yelling 'Prissy' or something like that. Are you Prissy?" I almost smiled, remembering how Clarisse used to call me that. Then I remembered that I couldn't go back, and my smile dropped right off. I nodded somberly. "Percy. My name's Percy." I corrected. The girl nodded. "I'm Ember, like Amber with an e instead of an a . But most people call me Em or Emmy." I gave her a small smile and turned to the quiet boy beside her. "I'm assuming you're Beck?" I asked him. He nodded. "Emmy's my little sister. Sorry for shooting you. It's just that… well… I hope you don't mind, but I kind of understand why she shot you." I raised an eyebrow. "Why?" Beck shifted uncomfortably. "Well… you sorta… smell like a wolf…" My eyebrow dropped and I grimaced. Ignoring the pain and cracking in my joints, I lifted an arm and wiped a hand down my face. I sighed. "I know I do." I told them. Their eyebrows shot up sky high. "How?" I would've squirmed under their withering stares if I could. "I'm a werewolf. So is Annabeth. We were bitten two years ago." Ember's face lit up like a Christmas tree. "I know who can help you! Osiris's boss! Lord Ch-" Beck slapped a hand over her mouth. "We don't know if he'll say yes, Emmy. Besides, we just got recruited, we don't want to be kicked out already for assumption and impertinence." Her face fell, but she nodded. "Damn it. You're right. Well…" She looked over at me. "I guess I should leave you to yourself now. You look drained." I nodded a little. Ember and Beck turned on their heels, opened a different door than the one they came in from, and disappeared. I slumped against my pillows. My dark hair fell into my eyes. I finally noticed the big white piece of cloth wrapped in medical tape plastered onto my bicep. Right where the arrow went through. I felt a similar one wrapped around my knee. I tried to slide my left leg up and down. No pain. I did the same to my right leg. I flinched as a new wave of fire sparked in my knee. I slowly slid it down and closed my eyes, getting a bit drowsy. Then the door opened again and Annabeth limped through, followed by a man with snow white hair and the same colored beard. "Oh my gods! You're okay!" She tackled me in a hug and pressed her lips to my jaw. "Ouch. Annabeth, I love you and all, but you're crushing my injured arm." I told her. She pulled away sheepishly and gave me a peck on the lips, brushing my hair out of my eyes. I kissed her back. When she pulled away, I gave her a smile and stroked her cheek. I tucked the hair behind her ear, "Sorry to worry you." She nodded and turned back to the man. "This is Osiris, the man who gave us shelter after you were shot." I nodded to the man. "Thank you, sir, I appreciate your hospitality, a lot." Osiris nodded. "I would like to know more about you. Please, follow