Summary Percy, Annabeth, Leo, Piper, Jason, Hazel, and Frank make up a famous band called the Seven. They all started out as normal preteens who met at a summer camp – Camp Half Blood, where music is your other half. They met each other. They became friends. They became best friends. They started a band. And now they're world famous. But suddenly, life takes a shocking turn and the group of teenagers are forced to face the real world: High School. Is this change for better or for worse? Rated T. Famous Mortal AU. Regular ships. Chapter 1 - It's Show Time No One's POV The crowd was chattering. The stadium was dark. Everyone was anxious for the concert to start. "5 minutes till the show starts, guys! C'mon lets get a move on!" A man ushered 7 teenagers out of their dressing rooms. Assistants and make up artists were scurrying around, putting on the finishing touches. After they left, the 7 teenagers gathered in a circle. They put their arms around each other's shoulders. "Alright guys! This is the night! Everything and anything we do here will affect our career, for better or for worse." A black haired boy began. A pretty brunette girl nodded. "He's right! We're gonna give it our all tonight! Don't hold back!" "1 minute left!" The agent urged. The teenagers nodded. They swayed, slowly getting faster as they chanted. "We are the Seven. We are the Seven. We are the Seven." "Time's up!" The agent pushed them out onto the stage. The black haired boy looked at the crowd and then back at his friends. "Remember; hit 'em with all you got." They nodded. He grinned. "It's show time." A low bass resonated around the room. The spectators hushed… momentarily. An electric blue light appeared, and 7 silhouettes could be seen on stage. The fans were getting excited. A spot light shined on the young boy in front. He was 17 years old, had midnight black hair, sea green eyes that sparkled with mischief, and tanned skin. A permanent playful smirk was planted on his face. Slung around his back was a sparkling green and black electric guitar. Everyone knew who he was: Percy Jackson. "Hello New York!" He pumped a fist in the air. The fans cheered in response. More spot lights shined down on the other band members. A girl was standing next to Percy. She had thick and wavy honey blonde hair (A/N: Some of you think that Annabeth still has curly hair, but according to Rick Riordan in Magnus Chase , Annabeth's hair is wavy. Sorry for spoilers!) And shining gray eyes. A deep tan could be seen even though it was still a bit dark. She was gripping the microphone. "It's an honor for us to play for you tonight!" She called to the crowd. More members appeared. Another girl with choppy brown hair and multi colored eyes at a keyboard, a boy with blonde hair and icy blue eyes with an electric blue electric guitar in his hands, another girl- younger than the rest- with sun kissed brown skin and golden eyes and curly cinnamon toast hair that was standing behind an electric keyboard, a ripped Asian boy holding a blood red bass, and a Hispanic boy seated behind black drums. The members of the Seven, the most famous teenage band in the world. And they were all wearing punk clothes. Annabeth Chase was the blonde. Piper McLean was the brunette, Jason Grace was the second guitar player, Hazel Levesque was the young girl behind the electric keyboard, Frank Zhang was the Asian boy holding the bass, and of course, Leo Valdez was the drummer. The fans went even wilder. They stomped their feet and clapped their hands. The show hadn't even started yet. The band members blushed sheepishly at the attention. "We'll be playing a few songs from our new album: Wars over the Summer." Annabeth smiled. More cheers. "Hope you like it!" Percy smirked. Then he turned to Leo and nodded. Leo got the message and clanged his drum sticks against each other, counting out the beat. "1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4!" Centuries (by Fall out Boy) Bold = Percy. Italics = Annabeth. Normal = Jason. Underlined = Piper. Dud u du-du, dud u du-du Dud u du-du. Du du du-du Du du… Some legends are told Some turn to dust or to gold But you will remember me Remember me for centuries Just one mistake Is all it will take We'll go down in history Remember me for centuries He-e-e-ey ya, oh he-e-e-ey He-e-e-ey ya Remember me for centuries Mummified my teenage dreams No, it's nothing wrong with me The kids are all wrong The story's all off Heavy metal broke my heart Come on, come on and let me in The bruises on your thighs like my fingertips And this is supposed to match The darkness that you felt I never meant for you to fix yourself Du du du-du, du du du-du Du du du-du, du du du-du Du du… Some legends are told Some turn to dust or to gold But you will remember me Remember me for centuries Just one mistake Is all it will take We'll go down in history Remember me for centuries He-e-e-ey ya, oh he-e-e-ey He-e-e-ey ya Remember me for centuries And I can't stop 'til the whole world knows my name 'Cause I was only born inside my dreams Until you die for me, as long as there's light My shadow's over you (Piper and Jason) 'Cause I, I am the opposite of amnesia And you're a cherry blossom You're about to bloom You look so pretty, but you're gone so soon Du du du-du, du du du-du Du du du-du, du du du-du Du du… Some legends are told Some turn to dust or to gold But you will remember me Remember me for centuries Just one mistake Is all it will take We'll go down in history Remember me for centuries He-e-e-ey ya, oh he-e-e-ey He-e-e-ey ya Remember me for centuries We've been here forever And here's the frozen proof I could scream forever We are the poisoned youth Du du du-du, du du du-du Du du du-du, du du du-du Du du… Some legends are told Some turn to dust or to gold But you will remember me Remember me for centuries Just one mistake Is all it will take We'll go down in history Remember me for centuries The crowd went wild when they finished the song. Once again, the band members (mostly those who sang) blushed. When Percy spoke, they quieted down. "All right guys! This next one, our awesome friend Leo Valdez wrote. So we decided, why not let him sing it? Take it away, Leo!" Percy smiled at the Hispanic boy. Percy took his seat at the drums (the only other instrument he knew how to play other than guitar) and Leo stood behind the mic and grabbed his own fiery red electric guitar. My Songs Know What You Did In The Dark (by Fall out Boy) Bold = Leo, Normal = Everyone Oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa. Oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa. B-B-B-Be careful making wishes in the dark, dark Can't be sure when they've hit their mark And besides in the mean, mean time I'm just dreaming of tearing your apart I'm in the de-details with the devil So now the world can never get on my level I just gotta get you off the cage I'm a young lover's rage Gonna need a spark to ignite My songs know what you did in the dark So light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up I'm on fire So light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up I'm on fire Oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa. In the dark, dark Oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa. In the dark, dark All the writers keep writing what they write Somewhere another pretty vein just dies I've got the scars from tomorrow and I wish you could see That you're the antidote to everything except for me, me A constellation of tears on your lashes Burn everything you love, then burn the ashes In the end of everything collides My childhood spat back out the monster that you see My songs know what you did in the dark So light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up I'm on fire So light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up I'm on fire Oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa. In the dark, dark Oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa. In the dark, dark My songs know what you did in the dark (My songs know what you did in the dark) So light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up I'm on fire So light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up I'm on fire Oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa. In the dark, dark Oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa. In the dark, dark Oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, whoa. Many girls in the crowd screamed as Leo took an obnoxious bow. When he straightened, he smirked and blew a kiss at a girl near the front, being the flirt that he is. She fainted on the spot. Leo laughed and returned to the drums and Percy took up his guitar. "All right, peeps! We have a few more songs left! But the next one, I'm gonna hand to my cousin Jason Grace over here, who wrote this also. We all hope you love it, Jason especially." He smiled at the blonde. Jason nodded with a smile, his faint scar curling into a crescent. He nodded at Leo, who counted out the beat again. Young Volcanoes (by Fall out Boy) Bold = Jason, Italics = Hazel, Underlined = Frank, Normal = Everyone. La, di, da, duh, luh, duh, le, duh, duh Lu, le, luh, le, duh, duh, duh, duh When Rome's in ruins We are the lions Free of the coliseums In poisoned places We are anti-venom We're the beginning of the end Tonight The foxes hunt the hounds It's all over now Before it has begun We've already won We are wild We are like young volcanoes (We are, we are, we are) We are wild Americana exotica Do you wanna feel a little beautiful baby? Yeah La, di, da, duh, luh, duh, le, duh, duh Lu, le, luh, le, duh, duh, duh, duh Come on make it easy Say I never mattered Run it up the flag pole We will teach you How to make Boys next door Out of assholes (*laugh* *laugh*) Tonight The foxes hunt the hounds And it's all over now Before it has begun And we've already won We are wild We are like young volcanoes (We are, we are, we are) We are wild Americana exotica Do you wanna feel a little beautiful baby? Yeah La, di, da, duh, luh, duh, le, duh, duh Lu, le, luh, le, duh, duh, duh, duh (We are, we are, we are) La, di, da, duh, luh, duh, le, duh, duh Lu, le, luh, le, duh, duh, duh, duh (We are, we are, we are) We are wild We are like young volcanoes (We are, we are, we are) We are wild Americana exotica Do you wanna feel a little beautiful baby? Yeah La, di, da, duh, luh, duh, le, duh, duh Lu, le, luh, le,