I know I have been gone for many moons but if there's anyone still out there, know that I love you! And you rock. I've rewritten the first couple chapters so please reread. Much love. BPOV Seeing the familiar roads back to my old home through a slightly rain spattered windshield was oddly satisfying. I had been back only a handful of times since graduating from Forks High. Charlie had come to visit a few times and of course to see me graduate from Seattle University. But I had seen him just twice for Christmas, once my first year of college and then again last December. I found my old home didn't hold anything for my new life. Yet, here I was making the three hour drive to spend my summer in La Push. When Angela called me a month ago and told me she was getting married to Jake I couldn't have been happier for my two best friends. I was shocked when she asked me to be her maid of honor but I accepted without hesitation. I had stayed in contact with just Angela, as well as Jake but it had been almost a year since I had seen them. I had spoken to Angela and Jake a week ago and they insisted that I stay with them for the summer. They were living in a beautiful house that Jake had built for them. I had only seen it through pictures but from those alone I could tell Jake had done an amazing job. I had wanted to visit before now but I had only been a teacher for a year and didn't have the seniority the other teachers did so I didn't get the same time off, at least that was the excuse I used. Every time Angela or Charlie would invite me down. I just didn't feel like I belonged there anymore. Even though it was an exhausting job at times, I still found teaching incredibly rewarding. Mostly I was happy for the distraction, ever since Edward had left me after my 17th birthday I was never the same person. Sure I had healed, I no longer loved Edward but I never moved on, thought I had the opportunity more than once nothing ever felt right. As I pulled into an unfamiliar driveway I turned off my car, I had to buy a new one after my truck had roared its last roar just a year into college. I was about to open my door when it was yanked open for me and I was pulled from my seat into a huge bear hug that could rival the hugs Emmett used to give me. "Bells! What took you so long?" Jake asked swinging me back and forth my feet hanging a foot off the ground. "Geez Jake, how tall are you now? Aren't you supposed to stop growing after high school?" I teased him, he really was huge, he had to be 6'7" by now. I wrapped my arms around him and hugged him back with all my strength. I hadn't seen him in almost a year; I had at least 365 hugs to make up for. Once he put me down I took a step back and got a look at him, he had grown up. He was more masculine; his jaw squared and had a bit of stubble on it. His hair was cut short like the last time I had seen him but it looked good on him. "You look good Jake," I smiled at him. "Thanks Bells, you look skinny. Are you eating enough?" he asked eyeing me. "My eating is fine Jake," I rolled my eyes at him; he was starting to sound like Charlie. "Sure, sure." He said looking skeptical, he opened my back door and started to grab my things. We chatted while we brought all my belongings into the spare room I would be calling home for the next couple weeks. My apartment in Port Angeles, where I stayed during the summer when I wasn't teaching in Seattle, wasn't an hour away but since I would helping Angela plan the wedding most every day we agreed it would be silly to drive back and forth. Once all my things were inside I took a look around at Jakes house and I was impressed. "Jake…did you really build this?" I asked astonished, I hadn't paid much attention when we were lugging my things from the car. Now that I could take a look around, I was thoroughly impressed. It was a one story house like most on the Res but the ceilings were vaulted in every room and all the doors were huge. Looking at Jakes tall frame it made sense. I wouldn't want to have to duck through doorways in my own house either. The curved windows were large to let in the natural light and it made the whole place open up. The entryway led straight to the open living room. There was a deep green L-shaped couch along with several other seating options in the same green color that reminded me of the trees in the forest right outside the door. The kitchen wasn't huge but sizeable compared to others in the neighborhood. I was sure that was more for Angela's use than Jakes. "Yea, I had a lot of help from some of the guys on the Res," he said looking shy, rubbing the back of his head. He looked adorable like this, when he looked like the same warm hearted young boy I had met so many years ago. "You guys have a construction company out here right?" I remembered Angie saying something about it briefly. That must be how he built this wondrous house we were standing in. I briefly pondered how many houses he had built here on the Res. "Sam's the owner, do you remember him?" Jake asked. Sam and I had met once right after Edward left me in the woods, not a day I was likely to forget. "Kinda hard to forget," I smiled at him. Sam had been the one to find me and bring me back to Charlie. I tried not to think of that day, or what would have become of me had Sam not found me that night huddled on the forest floor. "Right, so tell me about your class." Jake said walking into his living room, I was thankful he didn't linger on the subject. We grabbed a seat on the huge couch; he threw his arm over the back and tucked me into his side. He still had an almost scalding body temperature, it had been like this ever since he had gotten so sick junior year. "They're amazing, I didn't know 4th graders could be so into art but they all really seem to love it," I said craning my neck to look up at him. "Well duh Bells, they have the best teacher ever," he said matter-of-factly. I laughed; I had really missed Jake it felt so easy to be around him. I was always astonished by how much more comfortable he was to be around than Edward. Though, looking back, I can't really remember why it was appealing to spend all my time with a human popsicle…though maybe human wasn't the best choice of words. We talked for a long time, just catching up. He told me about the auto shop he was running part-time while still working full time at Sam's contracting company. I told him he was beyond crazy. I could barely handle one job and it was still running me ragged. And I had summers off! He insisted he had more help at the shop than he knew what to do with, but that the Res was more of a job than anything else. I told him about my class. My wondrous little artists, they had amazed me every day without fail. The different ways they all learned. The astounding works of art they could produce at an incredibly young age. I loved my job, but more I loved my students, they were my family. Each and every one, I told Jake all this with tears in my eyes. Saying goodbye to them all at the end of this year was the second most painful thing I've ever gone through. All the other teachers told me that my first class would be the hardest to let go of but I really couldn't see myself reacting any other way. I tried to explain to Jake, when I teach those kids and when they react to you and hope for your approval, it's the most humbling thing I've ever experienced. I felt like I was a mother and friend to all those children. Jake looked at me with a sparkle in his eye and said he understood exactly what I meant. Some of the younger kids on the Res were why he had so much help at his auto shop. He was teaching them everything automotive, and basically how to run the shop. Apparently these were the kids that would spend their whole lives on the Res like so many others. He wanted to make sure they didn't spend their lives being bums, and they looked to him as not only a teacher but like a brother. He too felt humbled by them, the look in his eye told me they were his family and he would do anything for them, he almost got emotional. I was touched. I had missed my friend, his warm smile, his energy was infectious. I realized then he was more than my friend, he was my brother, one of the only family members I had that I truly felt close to. I told myself then, I wouldn't ever go so long again between seeing Jake. He was my rock, I knew no matter what he would be there for me and I promised myself I would do them same for him should he ever need it. "Where's Angie?" I asked after maybe an hour, I would have thought she'd be home by now. "She's down at the beach helping set up for the bonfire tonight, a little 'Happy Engagement' party kinda thing," he said smiling, I could tell he was thinking of her by that goofy smile, his Angela smile the one reserved only for her. "Should we go down and help?" I asked. Jake looked up at the clock hanging just outside the kitchen wall. I hadn't really given a good look to the kitchen. I knew Jake had designed the house but the kitchen was really something. I wasn't sure who it looked like more, Jake or Angela. The cabinets were a warm chestnut color with beautifully carved wooden handles, it was hard to tell from the couch but they almost looked like wolves. Warm granite countertops covered the cabinets and the backsplash. There were signs of their heritage everywhere, Quileute saying beautifully carved above the doorways. It felt like home. "It's almost 6 o'clock. We can probably start to head that way actually, everyone will be there around 6:30." He said getting up and stretching his long arms high above his head and again I could see the need for high ceilings. I got up and followed him out the front door; it was maybe a 10 minute walk from his place to the beach so we didn't bother taking a car. "So Bells, are you going to have a plus one to the wedding?" Jake asked keeping his eyes straight ahead. "Is that your way of asking if I'm seeing anyone?" I teased, nudging him with my shoulder. "Well…yea. I just need to know if I need to scare the crap out of anyone," he smirked down at me. "No Jake, I'm not seeing anybody." I rolled my eyes at him. "Can I ask why? You still not over Cullen?" he sneered when he said Edwards last name. "I