Alice I knew this would be it, I just knew! Of what I know I'm not exactly sure. I couldn't see what it was, I could just see us. All of us, together again. It had been almost 2 decades since our family broke into three groups. Carlisle, Esme, and I asked the others not to leave but in the end respected their need for space. We just didn't realize how much space. Rosalie and Edward left our home in Northern Michigan for Italy. Two months later Jasper and Emmett left for Texas. I had seen it coming, of course, though I had tried more than once to sway the course of their futures to my liking. There were multiple outcomes for the family, some of us ending up together. Others of us broken but not as badly. In the end, I couldn't keep us together and took the burden of blame for that loss. For many years I was lost without my family whole. Carlisle and Esme tried to help distract me with hobbies, front row seats to Fashion Week Paris and New York. After a while I accepted the others need for freedom; a need for a life away from the family. It seems they were all searching for something. For that I couldn't fault them. It seemed all the Cullen children were somewhat lost, myself included. When you got down to the root unhappiness in all of us, it leads to the same place. We were lonely. Collectively we had been on this earth for over 4 centuries yet none of us had a mate. After spending years wandering all over the world, we were left to wonder, was it ever going to happen? I felt the same way as the others did at times. I longed for my mate. Just as Carlisle had found Esme after years alone, we all searched for our other half. The others feeling the need to search away from the family. We had taken our years apart, I gave them that. But enough was enough. They had their time to run naked through the forest or whatever the hell they were doing. I wanted my family back together, and I was going to get it. Forks, Washington I had convinced Carlisle and Esme to move to small town Washington, that saw more rain than anything else. There was a small hospital there that would desperately love having Carlisle and a new house for Esme to dismantle and redesign. I could see it here, all of us back together. I saw it for the first time several years ago but it was faded and far from concrete. I tried not to hope too deeply, there had been other glimpses of us together again. Always faded, always fleeting. Months went by and I continued to see the same thing, clearer each time, the same future with us reunited. After several dozen visions that were all the same, I decided to put a plan into action before any of them could try and mess it up. First, I started to annoy Rosalie, she's the easiest to break. Of course, I tried to get them to submit on their own, but they never do. I swear, I asked Rose nicely to come visit us at Forks when she declined I had to be a bit more forceful. It started out mellow, just a few more phone calls than normal. When that didn't work I started in on the emails, only a couple dozen a day. Rosalie was completely unfazed, so it was time to bring in the big guns. She had taken a job with an auto industry company, helping them plan the annual car expo in Bologna, Italy. One day when I had seen she would be at the office I sent her a friendly candy gram, with a rather jolly gorilla that sang Happy Birthday to Rosalie. We of course didn't really celebrate birthdays but I knew the humiliation would be the final straw to break Rosalie (coupled with the cake and surprise party invites sent to everyone she worked with). She called later that day screaming about the ridiculousness she had to put up with before finally relenting and agreeing to come for a short (her word) visit. I had a feeling once she was here should would want to stay, since I had seen as much, what still wasn't clear was what exactly it was that caused her to stay. Once I got Rose on board I moved to Emmett, knowing that Rose would get Edward to come along with her. Emmett was a bit more difficult, he wasn't easily embarrassed like Rose. I'd have to find another way to get under his skin. Again, I promise I asked Em nicely first, he considered for a moment but said he'd rather not in the end. So, he brought it upon himself! It took several days for me to come up with something good enough, but in a moment of genius I realized what would do the trick. Later that day I contacted a nice young man how had a talent for hacking. Apparently, he could even hack into someone's Xbox account. I don't know exactly what he did, but Emmett called me an hour later screaming. Needless to say, at the end of our call he had agreed to come for a visit. Everything was lining up perfectly, the only thing that worried me about the situation was my visions. I would see flashes of all of us together again, laughing but there was something about it that was clouded. This had never happened to me before, my visions would always give me pieces, not the whole story but it gave me enough that I could connect the dots. Now when I looked ahead I see a dark cloud around some things, almost as if someone had spilled ink on the strip of film inside my head. I wasn't sure what it was about Forks, Washington but something about this place would make my family come together again. More than once I had considered that it was just us, being a family again. That with the time away everyone had realized how much they missed us; however wonderful, that didn't seem likely. The more I looked ahead the more I realized there was another force in play, keeping everyone together. What that force was I couldn't be sure, whatever it may be, it was surely powerful. My first day at Forks High, I headed straight for the office to make sure everyone was set prepared for the school year. After collecting my schedule from the office and confirming with Ms. Burke that my siblings would be starting class within the week, having seen as such, I headed into the school. Jasper was the last person I had to convince, and certainly the most difficult. He had the hardest time with our lifestyle, not only our diet but the family mentality. Given his history it wasn't hard to understand why. He had agreed to leave with Emmett more than willingly. Though he kept the same diet it seemed he was much more comfortable around Emmett, Peter, and Charlotte. They all lived together in Texas, Peter and Charlotte didn't feel the need to survive on animal blood but it seemed they selected their victims from the dredges of humanity. With Jasper, I knew the only way to convince him was to be reasonable. I knew he missed us, and we all missed him. I explained to him that if he was truly happy with his new life, then coming home for a visit wouldn't hurt him one bit. In fact, he might even like it! He relented, agreeing to head North East shortly after Emmett. I walked into the main building to find my locker. It was there that I smelled it first. The smell was human but like nothing I had ever smelled, so different. Like rain mixed with flowers, I felt venom sting the back of my throat as I swallowed hard. I tried to reach forward and find who it was, my eyes going hazy for a moment but I couldn't see anything. Intrigued I changed direction to find the source of the smell despite my better instincts. I walked at an agonizing human pace following the trail further down the hall. The smell was slowly getting stronger, and it took everything in me not to sprint full speed towards it. Just as I thought I was closing in the high pitch bell rang out signaling the beginning of the school day. Cursing under my breath I turned on my heels and went to my first class. I walked in mumbling an introduction to the teacher and taking my seat. I spent the majority of class scanning my own future trying to see who this person was that had captured my attention. I knew I wouldn't give up until I found what I was after but no matter how hard I looked I couldn't seem to find the person I was looking for. It was almost like there was a grey cloud around that part of my future. I was perplexed. Frustrated and confused I fidgeted through the rest of class. When the bell rang I was the first one to the door and out the hall tracking down the smell once more. I flew back down the familiar hall, weaving in and out of the students with ease until I picked up the trail again. It led outside to a small group of portable classrooms by the soccer field. I skipped up the steps to portable A2's door, it was in there. Looking at the room number again I realized I was at my next class, U.S. History. Pushing the door open I was assaulted with the intense scent of fresh rain. I looked over to the desk to see the teacher having a conversation with a girl, her back facing me. Her brunette waves just barely brushing against the top of her shoulders. It was her, she was the one making the venom pool in my mouth and my eyes darken to pitch. I listened in on the conversation. "Welcome to Forks High, Isabella. Do you have your textbook yet?" the teacher questioned. "Um no, I'm supposed to go to the library during lunch to pick all my textbooks up," she explained. "Not to worry, we'll only be covering the first chapter today in class, I'm sure any of the other students would be happy to share with you just for today." She nodded encouragingly. "I've got mine if you want to sit by me," I said cheerfully, hoping to not look as crazed as I felt. The brunette turned around sending a wave of her sent smashing into me. A sweet smile lit up her face as she gave me a slight nod. "You must be Ms. Cullen," the woman turned to me looking slightly harsh, giving me a quick look up and down. I made her nervous, my family was new to this small community but it seemed so was the mysterious Isabella. I turned on the charm flashing my teeth just enough. "It's a pleasure to meet you Mrs. Durman. Do you have assigned seat or should we sit anywhere?" I asked glimmering her oh so slightly. That seemed to work as she smiled. "Anywhere is fine ladies," she said lifting her large frame from the chair to open the door to welcome students. I was glad as this gave me some alone time with the other new girl. Again, I tried to reach into my future to see the possible outcomes of this conversation, to my mild horror I found that not only could I not see her but I couldn't see my own future. Trying my best not to panic I got closer to her, hoping it would help clear my sight. "Are