Just a little one-shot; based on multiple fics where Harry can speak to a certain scaled opponent in the Tri-Wizard Tournament. I do not own Harry Potter, which is a good thing, because it'd get VERY strange. :P He was going to die. Harry paced in the champions tent. The First Task of the thrice-damned Tri-Wizard Tournament was already underway, and from the sounds he kept hearing the other champions had nearly finished their attempts. He was going to die. He stared morosely at the tiny Hungarian Horntail he'd pulled from the bag, prowling back and forth on a cushioned bench. Of course the Harry Potter luck had to kick in now, giving him the meanest, most ill-tempered dragon, if the dozens of books Hermione had shoved at him were even slightly correct. He was going to die. He thumped his head against the wooden beam holding the tent up. At least Hermione hadn't abandoned him. For all that she was bossy, abrasive, and took criticism like Snape gave points (rarely and with ill grace), at least she had believed him, trusted him, unlike a certain red-headed prat! Ron was probably in the stands thinking Harry had a plan, was going for the glory. Well bugger the gods-damned glory! He'd had fame, fortune and glory for three years now and what had that gotten him? The Dark Wanker trying to kill him at least three times now, a fugitive godfather, Snape as a teacher, and he still had to live with the Dursleys! He was going to die. A broom. That's all his plan amounted to, like he was trying to steal the quaffle from a particularly angry Keeper. What had he been thinking? It'd probably swat him out of the air like a gnat! For the first time since the start of the tournament he felt tears roll down his face. He couldn't take this anymore. Maybe he could quit. Maybe the goblet would recognize he didn't put his name in? Maybe he could live without magic at all… He sighed. No. Magic was the only thing that he truly enjoyed anymore. Despite everyone at Hogwarts doing their level best to ruin it for him. Between adults that either didn't listen or abused him, children that were even worse, fair-weather friends like Ron, and the twinkly-eyed bastard that hadn't been able to get him out of this… greatest wizard of the age his arse. He might be a little bitter. But more importantly, he was going to die. He heard a fierce roar of approval from the crowd and nearly collapsed to his knees as Bagman's voice carried into the tent. This was it. His mind went numb for the few minutes before Bagman's peacocking reached into the tent again. Slumping, he trod out of the tent into the arena. It was a scene from a nightmare. Scorched earth all around, thousands of eyes on him, and there… His breath caught. The damn lizard was HUGE. It had to be eight tonnes of muscle at least, thrashing about in the center of the field, spiked tail lashing everywhere and shattering boulders with each agitated, furious pass, even as it roared defiance and rage into the air. Black scales, fierce yellow-green eyes, and teeth so sharp Harry was expecting it to slice up its own tongue. He. Was. Going. To. DIE. He didn't move as the crowd booed and hissed at him, nor when Bagman called for him to start his attempt. Nor when the ponce did it again half a minute later when Harry hadn't moved. He just stared aimlessly at the dragon. Then he smirked. Then snorted. Then snickered, gasped, and finally let out great rolls of laughter. The crowd actually quieted a bit in confusion. What was wrong with him? The looks on their faces only made him laugh harder. They actually expected him to DO something! To fight or flee or piss himself! They wanted him to perform like a trained animal, like a freak. He cackled, causing several, including Dumbledore and Hermione, to look at him with worry as his voice started to become tinged with hysteria. He could hear the whispers in the crowd, wondering if he'd gone mental. He snorted, not caring. He was going to die and it'd be cheered at by the same people who thought he was some kind of superstar for killing Tom! He managed to get a mild grip on himself, still giggling a little, as he looked back to the beast before him, which was now leering at him in suspicion. He raised his eyebrows over the frames of his glasses when he say the heavy iron chain leading to one side. "Heh, wow. Bet you're not happy to be here either." he snorted, drawing confused murmurs from the nearby watchers, as Harry would expect. Harry did not, however, expect the scaled beast to actually snort in response. Harry blinked. "...wait. Did…" he removed his glasses and rubbed his eyes before replacing them. "Did… uh, do you understand me?" Harry never imagined a dragon could sneer, or that it would look so much like Snape, but nevertheless, that's exactly what he was looking at. Harry glanced around the crowd, and saw several of them looking at him with pale faces… that reminded him of second year. "Oh bugger, I'm speaking Parseltongue again-" He stopped, eyes wide, then spun to look at the dragon. "Wait, you can understand Parseltongue!" The Horntail glared at him and cocked it- uh, her?- head in obvious irritation. Harry put his hands up placatingly. "S-sorry, sorry, I… I didn't know. No one told me that it wasn't just snakes." He scowled. "Not like they would if they knew." The dragon's expression didn't change. "...yeah, you probably don't care. Why would you, no one else has. Not the judges, not the teachers… I doubt I have more friends than I have fingers that actually believe me when I told them I didn't want to take part in this bloody fucking tournament!" He was ranting, he knew it, but he didn't care. "And they think I'm after the glory! That I'm going to walk up to your nest and steal a shiny fake egg because I'm Harry Potter, and I killed a Dark Lord when I was two! Well, news flash you idiots, my mother killed him, it was her protection! It sure as hell wasn't me, what was I going to do, pee on him?" The crowd was glaring at him now, but he still didn't care. He was going to fry as soon as the dragon got over its shock anyway, he might as well get this out! "I get sent to my relatives, who hate me because of something I can't control, starved me, shoved me in the cupboard under the stairs… and that twinkly asshole there," he growled, pointing an accusatory finger at a suddenly pale Dumbledore, and several of the judges leaned away from him in fright. "-said it was for my own protection, that the wards on the house would keep me safe; well guess what Goat-beard, it might have kept the Death Eaters out but I haven't been safe since you left me on their doorstep! Not at their prison of a house, and sure as HELL not at Hogwarts!" The crowd reacted to that with bewilderment, and the way that everyone looked at Dumbledore made Harry realize he'd said that last part in English. He turned back to the dragon, who was eyeing him critically. "Oh, you want to know more? I got beaten when I didn't finish chores, as a five year old. I was cooking their meals as soon as I could reach the stove, but gods forbid I get any, no, such food was too good for a freak like me." He could feel tears pricking in his eyes. "Did you know, I thought my name was freak? They never called me anything else. It wasn't until they realized the teachers at school might notice if I didn't respond that they taught me to respond to my name… and beat me when I got that wrong too. During the summers Aunt Petunia made me work in the garden, without gloves, planting rosebushes… if I hadn't used the hose I would've died from thirst." He smiled sadly. "When I finally got the Hogwarts letter, I couldn't believe it, it was the first time someone had mailed me something, you know? Someone knew my name, and had actually sent me something. Of course, they destroyed the letter, but more came, and eventually I learned all the 'unnatural' things I'd done, all the abnormal things, it was alright, because I was a wizard… I was special, I could do something the Dursleys couldn't! They couldn't take it from me!" He faltered. "And then I came here. In my first year, I nearly died three times. Four if you count helping Hagrid with Norbert… oh, that's the baby dragon he helped hatch, I helped move it to somewhere it was safe…" Harry didn't notice, but the crowd certainly did when the dragon's posture relaxed slightly. "But first it was Quirrell trying to jinx my broom and kill me during a Quidditch game, my first. The troll at Halloween was another… now that I think of it, running into Fluffy, that big three headed dog nearly got us too. And then finally, I nearly die to the Dark Wanker Voldywarts himself, trying to resurrect himself from the dead. And I killed Quirrell." He laughed tonelessly. "A killer at eleven. Mum would be so proud. I asked Dumbledore why he was after me but he said I was too young.. Bet he'd say the same now, the goat-tosser…" he glared at Dumbledore again, who fidgeted in his seat. "Second year, the whole school turned against me when they found out I could speak to snakes. I got hexed in the back so many times it's a wonder I'm still not scarred. My best friend gets paralyzed by a basilisk," the dragon's spines rose in aggression at the mention, making several in the audience scream, but Harry didn't even look up, kicking at a loose stone. "-an innocent girl gets dragged to some ancient chamber with a horrible monster, and guess who had to go save them? Not the teachers or adults, that's for sure. One even tried to wipe my memories when I dragged him along to help! So I nearly died again, saving someone I barely knew and getting bitten by the most deadly snake known to… well, anyone, and I only barely manage to kill the thing with a bloody sword I pulled out of a hat!" The dragon actually rose to its feet at that, startling the crowd, but Harry just watched it get up without comment; he was dead anyway, he might as well finish the story. She was listening at least. No one ever had before, and he had to get it out while he had the chance! "Then that summer, I learn the betrayer of my parents escaped prison, and that for our protection they'd post soul-sucking demons around the school! I nearly had my soul drained three times! THREE! And when I found the 'betrayer'? Turned out he was my godfather, and he was innocent! But the guy who did it got away, and when I try telling the adults my story, what happens? I'm brushed aside and I have to violate the laws of reality to go and save him! And he's still a fugitive!" Harry feels the tears flow down his face again. "I was so close , you know? So close to escaping the Dursleys, finally getting out of that hell, with someone who actually cared … and that long-bearded bastard can't get him a trial to prove his innocence. Useless wanker…" he sniffed, hanging his head low. "And finally this year, after nearly dying again at a fucking sporting