So I was reading these two fics called 'Sweet Sacrifice' and its sequel 'Sweet Love' both made by the author MsBitaBoo, and I came up with this one-shot idea. Partial credit goes to MsBitaBoo because her fics inspired this one, which are good by the way, and with her permission I was able to make this one. Here's the full summary, I apologize if it's different from the one under the link: Trystan Cullen is the twin brother of Renesmee Cullen, but out of both twins he is the one who is ignored and hurt. His family hates him, but Renesmee doesn't. He left the Cullens, and found family in Volterra. He's about to become part of the Volturi, and is about to marry the love of his life when the Cullens show up to ruin it all. This is pretty much going to be in Trystan's point of view, but there's no hate between him and Renesmee. Again this idea came from MsBitaBoo's, but she gave me permission to write a one-shot similar to her own story. I admit I wanted to make it into a full story, but MsBitaBoo wasn't comfortable with that so we decided I could squeeze the whole thing into a one-shot. I don't own Twilight. Enjoy! Trystan's P.O.V.: It's amazing how things turn out when you least expect them to. Life doesn't always work out the way we intend it to do so, but in some ways it turns out better than we could ever hope for. My life started out horribly, yet here I am ten years later living in a great home with a great family but most of all, I was due to marry the love of my life in two weeks. My name is Trystan Jacob Cullen, and while my name screams for the coven that feeds on animals and is considered a saintly family…those who think so were blindly fooled. I was born from my mother Isabella Marie Swan Cullen, along with my darling twin sister Renesmee and though we were born of the same mother and father, it would seem only Renesmee was the one they wanted. In the womb Renesmee and I shared a connection, one I couldn't explain at the time but now that I'm older I realize we both have what some would call 'twin telepathy'. We share the same thoughts, yet while I am here, she is with them. I can't blame her, our good friend and my future brother in law Jacob Black lives there with his pack of wolf shifters and she is his imprinted. I was happy for her, but while she grew up happily I didn't. Flashback: " Ness…how can they love you and not me?" I was out in the field with my sweet sister, away from the other Cullens on a rare occasion. Jacob was close by, but he was giving us some privacy. " I don't understand it either Trystan." we were maybe three months old, but we looked to be four. Renesmee takes more after Edward with her bronze hair and facial features, but like me she had Bella's chocolate brown eyes. I had Bella's dark hair, and her face but who would tell since I was hardly ever around. " We should both be loved, but they wanted you." Renesmee and I were close, but we had to keep distance around the other Cullens because each time I tried to play with her they would pull me away. " No Trystan, they just don't know the full story." no one knew, but Renesmee and I knew why the Cullens loved her and not me. " And they never will…" I began to remember the reason. In the womb I could hear everything going on, I could hear voices, Bella and Edward's even the others around them. I heard the hate, the worry, and scorn, especially from Edward because our growth was hurting our mother, but we couldn't help it. Bella's words of love kept me strong and did the same with Renesmee, but all that turned around when we were born. I heard something snap and I saw Ness's cord had wrapped around her neck; she began to suffocate and I tried to take the cord off but in the process I accidentally made Bella's spine crack backwards. Ness was about to die, and I was trying to rip the cord away from her neck before someone reached down and cut a hole in the womb, and then I could see teeth. Ness was taken out, and the cord was removed, but my hands were still grasping it tightly. When my eyes met Edward's all I could see was anger and hatred. The others were same, even the blonde one Rosalie who doted over Ness like her own child. It wasn't until sometime later I realized the reason why. He thought I was trying to kill my sister and mother, but I was only doing what I could to save my twin. " We could tell them you know?" Renesmee took my hand, but I shook my head. " They would never believe me, and they'd think you were making excuses for me." we were smart for small children, too smart at that. " Trystan I don't want this for you, we should both be happy." " No Ness, only you deserve to be happy. I almost killed you and our mother." " You were trying to save me." " Yes, but they'll never believe it. You have to promise me you won't tell them ever…it's better that way." " But Trystan…" " Promise me Ness, please." she had tears in her eyes, she hated the way the family treated me, but she loved me and that was enough for now. " I promise." End Flashback. That was nearly ten years ago, and to this day Renesmee has kept her promise. The Cullens don't know where I am, because luckily for me Alice cannot see me in her visions nor can she see Renesmee. After I was full grown I took what money I could and left the Cullens in Forks. I gave Nessie my cellphone number, and she called a few times a week but no one else other than Jacob and his pack did. After I became physically a teenager Jacob took me and Renesmee out to his lands more and we played with the other wolves. They liked me because I could easily fight and kick their asses, but Leah was the only one I had trouble with; she was much stronger than she seemed. I spent most of my time with them, and sometimes I would sleep over at Jacob's. Billy and Jake knew the reason why I didn't want the Cullens knowing my secret, and he too agreed to keep quiet but didn't like the idea. My life had improved after I left, I traveled around and I got to see a lot of good things. I mostly spent time in Europe since I could speak French and other languages, so I had some fun. I never settled down though, I hadn't really found a place to call home yet…until I came to Volterra. Yes, I had come to Volterra just to visit the very coven that wanted me and my sister dead, but all that was under the mistake of the now dead girl Irina. The Cullens would be furious if they knew, but did I care? I didn't give a damn what they thought, the Volturi saw Ness and I as no threat, and so they let us live. Flashback: " My Lords, Trystan Cullen is here to see you." the broad vampire by the name of Felix led me into the throne room deep in the bowels of the Volturi castle. I came there after I realized where I was, and so I decided to visit. " Trystan Cullen, what a pleasant surprise this is." Aro, one of the leaders came over to me. I remembered him from that day in the field, when Ness and I were told to be immortal children by Irina. I would remember that day, because part of me wanted to leave with the Volturi but the other part told me to wait. " Hello." I bowed to him. " Ah, a young man with manners." he was delighted by me; I could see it in his eyes. "What brings you to the Volterra my boy?" I had to laugh a little. " I was in Italy, I've been traveling for some time so I decided to stop and pay a visit, if that's alright?" he smiled big. " Of course it is, you don't know how we get so little visitors these days. What about your family though? Do they know you're here?" " I doubt it." he knew the truth about the other Cullens, but only because I let him see inside my mind that day in the field. My power was similar to that of the Amazon Zafrina, I could cast illusions onto people's minds and make them see what I chose, but I could also block anyone from reading my own mind. Renesmee had her telepathy with me, but she could show others what she thought, and she could even cast a shield on herself which made sure Alice couldn't see her. " Would they not want to know you're here?" the blonde one, Caius spoke up. I remembered him being the angry one. " I don't think they would care, but let's leave it at that shall we?" " Oh…well then you are welcome here as a guest, would you like a tour?" Aro asked and I smiled. " I would love one." he laughed. " Very well, I shall give you one please follow me. Excuse us brothers." I actually liked Aro a bit, he wasn't as creepy as some would've said, or maybe he was but in a funny way. End flashback. I never left Volterra after that, Aro had let me stay for an entire year and I had considered the place home. I was given access to the library where I read a lot of books, and I even had permission to play the grand piano that belonged to Caius' wife Athenodora. Books and music were my melodies, I loved to play and I besides the piano I could play an organ, the violin, the oboe, clarinet, even a recorder for fun. I had learned all this when I joined the Volturi, and the music was soothing to me. The whole Volturi liked me, even the twins Jane and Alec. Turns out we had a lot in common, and I considered them friends, maybe even surrogate siblings. We grew very close, but in just two weeks I would officially become a permanent part of the Volturi…as Aro's son-in-law. "Trystan." I broke from my thoughts when I heard my beloved's voice call me. I turned around to see her, and to this day she is as beautiful as an angel from heaven. She wasn't tall like me, but not short either. She had the loveliest blue green eyes that sparkled when she laughed, her beautiful brown hair with natural highlights flowed just down past her neck and shoulders, and her smile…her smile could light up the whole room when she entered. "Valentina…" I went over to her and pulled my darling into my arms. Valentina was not only my joy, but also Aro's. Like me she was half-vampire and half-human, but the blood daughter of Aro. After the whole scenario with myself and Renesmee, he decided he wanted a child of his own. Valentina took more after her mother, Scarlett, a poor woman Aro had rescued from thugs on the street who tried to rape her. After he and the others cared for her and gave her a home in the castle, he had asked if she would have his child and she agreed.