So here it is, the sequel to 'Hate Me, Shun Me, Love Me'. I apologize if I kept you waiting longer than I should have, but hopefully this is worth the wait. Now this is going to start off in the Cullens' point, or in Bella's at least to see how things have gone since they left Volterra. A little surprise is in store for Trystan and Valentina, but this one won't just involve the Cullens. Partial credit goes to MsBitaBoo since her stories helped inspire this one as well. This does involve only one of her villains, because I didn't want to use both of her main antagonists. Now here's the summary and I apologize if it's different from the one under the link Trystan has everything he could ever want, a happy home with a loving family and a beautiful wife, and soon enough they would have a new addition to their family. Everything goes fine until the Cullens show up again, but this time things seem a little different. The Cullens want to make things right, but will Trystan let them? Or will he throw them out of his life for good this time? This is longer than the last one, it would have to be since it involves some joyous occasions in here. I don't own Twilight. Enjoy! A year later, Cullen house: Edward's P.O.V.: Almost a year had passed, or perhaps it was a year already, since we had seen Trystan and the Volturi. The entire family hadn't recovered from the heavy blow my son threw at us, but we deserved it, especially me. I had wronged my boy all his life, and all of it blew up in my face when I saw him with that Valentina girl. One stupid mistake and my son hated me with all his heart. I didn't blame him anymore; I had made the mistake of believing he tried to kill Bella and Renesmee in the womb, when it wasn't either his or Renesmee's fault Bella's body was failing during the pregnancy. She was right it wasn't their fault, they couldn't help how fast they grew but when they were born I had him hated by the entire family. My only son, he was an innocent child even if he was half immortal and mortal. 'I wish you could hear me Trystan, I'm sorry.' I had been thinking that a lot since we left Italy, and after Bella and I separated I had been trying to make up for what I did by sending letters to Trystan. Unfortunately each one came back unread, and I even received a letter from him saying he wanted nothing from me or the others and so I stopped. At least now he was happy, and he deserved all of it though I didn't like him being in the Volturi. "Edward." Bella came up behind me; she had taken everything the hardest because she believed my story. We separated for four months before she came back and we made up, but we both vowed one day we would try and make things up to Trystan and Renesmee. "A year love." she knew what I meant when I said that. "Yes, a whole year." we walked back up to the main room, or the living room where Alice was helping Esme pick out some new colors for the kitchen, Carlisle was looking over his paperwork from the hospital, Jasper was reading a book, Emmett playing video games, and Rosalie was reading a magazine. It was very quiet without Renesmee here, since she was busy all the time planning her own wedding. Alice and Rosalie had wanted to help Renesmee plan the ceremony but she already had Sue, Emily, and even Leah helping her. She wanted to marry Jacob on the reserve under a large oak tree where they had their first kiss and it was near the beach. Alice wanted to help her pick out the dress but thanks to Bella Alice began to back down but she didn't like it. She sulked for a while but when Renesmee showed her what she wanted for her wedding she started to come around. "Has anyone heard from Renesmee?" Bella asked. "Yeah she called this morning while you two went hunting; she's getting her dress back from the seamstress." Esme said. "So her preparations are almost done?" Alice nodded. "In just seven days she'll be Mrs. Black, it's hard to believe." Rosalie smiled. "Indeed so." Carlisle smiled a bit. "So who all besides us is coming?" Bella hadn't heard much on the guest list. "Jacob's dad and sisters, plus both packs and their imprints, the Denalis, the Amazons, and probably the Irish too." Carlisle answered. "Trystan too." we all heard Renesmee as she entered the room, carrying her dress in its bag. "What? Trystan's coming?" "Yes mom he is, you didn't think I wouldn't invite him did you? He's bringing Valentina and Aro and Sulpicia, probably even the twins but that's all." "You invited the Volturi?" Rosalie wasn't happy. "Aunt Rose, they're with Trystan they won't cause trouble. Look I'm not in the mood to argue, I sent Trystan an invitation and he's accepted end of discussion. Now I'm going to put my dress away and then I'm going with the girls to my bachelorette party, I'll be at Emily's tonight so don't wait up." she left again to run back to the cottage, and I saw everyone's shoulder's slump. "I can't believe she invited them." Rosalie said with a glare. "Rose, Trystan is her brother he has a right to come if she's allowed it." I told her. "Just let it go." "After what he did to us?" "Rosalie you know damn well we deserved all that." Bella snapped. "Even so the Volturi at Renesmee's wedding?" "It's not the whole Volturi just Aro and the twins, now in seven days my daughter is getting married and I am not going to have her special day ruined because of us fighting. We can tolerate Aro for her sake, and since he's got Trystan as his son in law he'd be stupid to try anything at the wedding." Bella kissed my cheek and sat down next to Jasper. "Rose…" Emmett paused his game. "No." she was about to start, the same thoughts she'd had since we came home were about to come out of her mouth. "They have to be controlling Trystan, how else would he stay there willingly?" "Rosalie…" I stared at her. "Trystan left of his own accord, because we made him leave. He wanted to travel, and somehow he winded up in Volterra." "How do you know? For all we know that girl probably isn't even Aro's real daughter, she could just be a hybrid he kidnapped and pushed on Trystan." "Rose enough!" Esme raised her voice. "Trystan told us himself and showed his thoughts to Edward, if you want to question his family with the Volturi then ask him when he gets here. Otherwise let the subject go." "She's right, just save it for the wedding." I looked away, but I couldn't help but think perhaps she was right. Trystan wasn't easily succumbed though, I got that when I read his thoughts but again it would all have to wait until the wedding. I just hope no serious drama begins; I don't want anything to go wrong tomorrow. Six days later, Forks Airport: Trystan's P.O.V.: "Hold on guys, we just need to look for Ness." the week of my twin sister's wedding had arrived and while Valentina and I were patient enough to wait in a mob of humans Aro and the twins weren't. Sulpicia was fine though, but she seemed a little irritated for whatever reasons. "Papa, Mama please calm down." Valentina leaned against me. "My stomach doesn't like this." "Shhh." I shushed her gently. "I'm sorry Trystan, you know I'm trying to keep it down but…" "Not so loud love." I didn't want anyone else to hear the news yet. While this was a happy occasion for Ness and Jake, it was also joyous for Valentina and I. Not even two months ago Valentina and I found out we were going to be parents. She was expecting my child and we along with the entire Volturi were overjoyed, but our news would have to wait. Tomorrow is Ness's wedding day and I don't want to steal her thunder. "Hey everyone!" speak of the devil here came my twin and her husband-to-be. "Ness!" I reached out and hugged her tight. "Holy cow you look great, hey Jake." we hugged. "Hey man, nice to see you all again." he nodded at Aro. "Hello young Jacob, my my you haven't changed at all." Ness greeted Aro with a kiss to his cheek, the same with the twins and Valentina. "I'm happy you could come, it's going to be even more special now that my brother is here!" "We're glad to come too Renesmee, now where shall we be staying until tomorrow?" Aro needed to ask, like me he didn't want to visit other Cullens. "At my place which is close to the beach and the woods; plenty of privacy and Ness here will be staying at Emily's until the wedding." Jake answered. "Don't worry about the other Cullens, they shouldn't be a problem." "I should hope not, wouldn't want to mess up the best day of your lives." Valentina smiled. "So Renesmee, how are we going to…?" "Have no fear Val; we rented an SUV for this occasion. Okay maybe not rent, it's actually the car mom got me for my birthday last year. Come on, did you bring any luggage?" "Just a few suitcases, that's all." Ness rushed us into getting our bags and we went out to the parking lot where her car waited. It was a nice burgundy color, the newer model with better mileage and cameras in the back and front ends. "Hop on in everyone." Ness took the wheel and Jake loaded the car. "This is nice." Jane obviously liked the car. "Thanks, I keep it good and clean." we rode off into the street. "The Denali Coven's at Grandpa's house, they know you're staying on the reserve." 'Just great…' I hated the Denalis as much as I hated the other Cullens, but it's my sister's day and she loves Carmen and Eleazar who I had to admit weren't all bad. Those blondes however, Kate and Tanya and Kate's new mate Garrett, they aggravated me to no end. "Do they know about me?" Valentina asked. "Yes they do, they weren't very happy about it but I set them straight." Ness smiled at us in the rearview mirror. "Carmen and Eleazar don't really care, but y'know…" "Yeah." I felt my nerves tense up, as did Valentina but we both kept our composure. "Hey um….Valentina I don't mean to be rude or anything but have you gained some weight?" she spotted Valentina's stomach. "Umm, you could say that." she blushed. "Not to me love." I kissed her head. "Hey you two not in here." Alec was already annoyed, but that only brought out Sulpicia and Aro kissing in the back which made everyone laugh. Soon enough we were driving through some woods, and down a dirty trail. It was cloudy out, but tomorrow they were expecting a little sunshine. "Ugh!" "Cool down Alec we're almost there, aren't we?" "Five more minutes Trystan." Ness said, and just five minutes later I was looking at a two-story log cabin-house just above the woods and near the sea like they said. It had a huge deck that overlooked the ocean, a brick chimney, and the yard well was as clean as I could imagine with a large garage and tool shed around. "Wow, Jake did you…?" "Built it with my own two hands, a little project I wanted to complete since I'm about to be married to the girl of my dreams; can't stay with