Nicotine A/N: Based on the song 'Nicotine' by Panic! At The Disco. (I really need to stop doing song-fics but I couldn't help myself with this one ;) ) I'd check it out before you read if I were you to get a feel for the atmosphere of this fic. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter (oh how I wish I did) or the song (fabulousness). Harry Potter franchise belongs to J. K. Rowling and associates and the song to Panic! At The Disco. (Written by Amir Jerome Salem, Brendon Boyd Urie and Dallon James Weekes) Rated for Teenagers and up for swearing and sensitive content. If you have no desire to read such things I suggest you stop reading now. Still here? Great! Then I hope you enjoy. He broke her. He broke her and he'd freed her. But in a way he also destroyed her. He turned her against herself. He'd made her not care. He made her realise the wrongs in her life. He made some of them worse but he fixed some as well. Due to all of that she couldn't let him go, no matter how much she wanted to. He was her first true love and you never forgot them. She was tired of being the perfect girl. It was hard work and didn't people notice that most of it was a lie? Yes she loved to learn but it was unnatural how much studying she did. She was always happy and carefree but she cared. She cared too much. About what others thought about her, how she looked, what she did. Everything. Then he came along. He was new. People thought his name was weird. Who calls their kid Draco?! they would jeer. She pitied him and became his friend. That was what perfect girls did wasn't it? Look out for the underdog even if you're one yourself. She didn't like him much to begin with. He was closed off and mean. He smoked as well, something she always frowned upon but he didn't care. He often snuck off campus to smoke so if he was caught – which rarely happened, he was too cunning – the teachers couldn't do anything as it was off school grounds. The worst they could do was send a letter home or bring his parents in for meetings. The school did both. He ignored both. She went with him sometimes just to make sure he didn't do anything stupid. She knew he wouldn't but you never knew. He gave her one once and she coughed and gagged and vowed never to be pressured by him again. She wasn't sure how it happened. It was so gradual she didn't notice but it happened nonetheless. She started skipping class with him more frequently. One class a day sometimes. Most of the time with him but increasingly more without him. She had gotten used to the taste and quite enjoyed them now. It was her release of everyone's expectations of her. Even though she was skipping class her grades didn't suffer. She felt so guilty for missing the lesson, she would stay up until midnight sometimes later catching up and doing extra work. That was the part she hated most about herself. She could never go all the way. She always half-arsed it. No matter what it was. Maybe that was way their relationship failed. She couldn't go all in. Or maybe it was societies fault. With its expectations of females, she didn't want to be a statistic. Teenage mothers on the increase . No, she couldn't do that. She was still her, she couldn't change who she was at the core. She could change her behaviour, her looks, her demeanour but she would always be 'Hermione the friendless swot'. How she hated labels. He hated his label too. The 'weird named social outcast who doesn't give a damn about anything'. People would whisper behind his back. I give him 5 years before someone finds him in a ditch. 7 tops. He pretended it didn't affect him but she knew better. She was the one that held him went he cried, the one that calmed him down when he threatened to kill someone (which was surprisingly often) and the one that encouraged him to follow his dream of becoming a police officer – encouraged him to be on the right side of the bars. She wondered if he achieved that dream, was working towards it or had given up on it. What she wondered most about was if he was happy, that was all she ever wanted for him. She heard a song playing from somewhere. From the openings bars she knew which song it was. Their song. The one they always played on repeat whenever they were together. Sometimes so much until they were sick of it that day only to play it on repeat again the next. They both related to it so well. It held many good memories for her. Cross my heart and hope to die, Burn my lungs and curse my eyes, I've lost control and I don't want it back, I'm going numb, I've been hijacked, It's a fucking drag, They literally were burning their lungs and sometimes they both wished death on themselves or the other. They had both lost control over their lives and in trying to get it back they lost it completely and found solitude in each other. They cut themselves off from everyone else and her parents worried about her but didn't probe. Draco said his mother worried too much and that his father couldn't give a shit and that was all he ever said about his parents. She never asked again. They made themselves numb to emotion. Maybe that was another reason why their relationship failed. I taste you on my lips and I can't get rid of you, So I say damn your kiss and the awful things you do, Yeah you're worse than nicotine, nicotine, Yeah you're worse than nicotine, nicotine, Yeah, She could still feel the kisses they shared even though it had been several years since she'd seen him. She wondered if he ever thought about her like she did him. Damn him. Damn those kisses. She'd never been kissed that way since he left and took part of her with him. Whilst remembering the good times they had, there were some pretty awful times as well. For example – a day she would never ever forget – the day he tries to kill himself. He was bleeding out through several cuts he'd made on his arms, it wasn't enough to kill him but he tried and that scared her. For that moment she was old Hermione, caring, loving and a concerned friend. He didn't try again that she knew of but she knew he still hurt himself and always wore long sleeves since. He had asked her for a first aid kit which she gave without asking why he wanted one. They both knew why. She was addicted to him for a while. That made him worse than the nicotine they both craved as you can't care for or love a drug but a person you could. She shook her head at herself; do not relapse, you've only just got over him, do not . Then he left. Without warning, without a goodbye, just a kiss the previous day which she somehow knew would be their last. In leaving he broke her inside but he set her free. She never realised how bad he was but she liked that. He made her feel alive and then not when he left. She never forgot him. It was difficult but she managed to piece herself back together somewhat. Then she destroyed herself all over again. Through some miracle she made it into university and started on her plans of becoming a social worker. She wanted to help more people like Draco but do it professionally and in a way she knew would help not just in a concerned friend way. It was there she met him. He said his mother had forced him to go as none of his five older brothers went and his younger sister had won a sports scholarship so he was using the money they saved to get a decent degree and use it. Or so damn him. She laughed at him first thinking he made it all up. Then she met them all. His eldest brother William or commonly known as Bill was married to a lovely French girl named Fleur and worked in bank management. He used to travel abroad a lot but since being married and expecting his first child he settled back in England which his parents Molly and Arthur were happy about. His second eldest brother Charles or commonly known as Charlie worked in a zoo. Mainly with the big cats like lions, tigers, cougars, leopards and cheetahs. He loved it and was covered in scars from various wounds. He did travel a lot as part of the breeding programme to increase their numbers and was determined to be a bachelor for life so he was free to go from country to country for his research. Molly wasn't really happy with her son being so far away but was happy that he was passionate about his work and improving the way the world functioned concerning wild animals. Next came Percy who Hermione didn't actually know much about as she had never met him more than a handful of times. Like she used to be, he was absorbed in his work in Parliament and didn't see his family often. Molly and Arthur had mixed feelings about this as they saw him rarely. They were more likely to see Charlie! But he was happy and enjoying life. He had a stable girlfriend which Molly was happy about but he had yet to bring her to meet the family and the siblings teased him endlessly for it saying she wasn't real causing him to get in a huff and retreat to his old bedroom in the family home 'The Borrow' which was the families default meeting place. Next came the identical twins Frederick and George. Though Frederick was a bit of a mouthful and preferred to be called Fred. You never saw one without the other and tended to come as FredandGeorge. They were successful businessmen if you counted owning a joke shop as successful which Molly did not. Arthur did but agreed with her when she was there as Hermione had already learnt that Molly Weasley was not a woman to cross. Out of all the brothers she thought those two were her favourite as they always made her laugh thus making her forget her pitiful existence for a while. Then was Ron himself. When in trouble with his mother (which was more often than not) was known as Ronald. He told her that he often felt overshadowed by his brothers as they were all successful in their own way and his sister Ginny was on the fast track to becoming a world famous track athlete. He often had insecurities but Hermione assured him that he was the only one for her which she knew always made him feel better. Though sometimes she doubted if what she felt for him was genuine affection or if she was still hung up on Draco and he was the very late rebound. She wasn't sure but she loved his company and his best friend Harry Potter – whose name she was sure she'd heard somewhere – had quickly become her best friend too. Though if she was honest it was his sister Ginny or Ginevera to those who didn't know her that she liked best. She was a hilarious girl and sometimes even managed to one up Fred and George. All the boys were scared of her as she was very much Molly's daughter but tell her that you should be