I don't own anything, but the story line. Thank you SM for letting me borrow your characters. BPOV "Damn Bella you are absolutely radiant." He whispers while kissing the mounds of my breasts. " As much as I love this blue on you I need to see, touch, and taste what's underneath." His words were making my nipples pebble impossibly harder and in seeing this he pulls one in his mouth over my bra and I let out a low moan. God that feels good. "God, yes Edward...anything...everything please." I have never wanted someone so much in my life. He was the sexiest man I had ever laid eyes on. When our lips first met, I thought I had died and gone to heaven. The electricity that flowed through my body had my lady bits drooling and I instantly knew I needed to be with him. It was an odd reaction to just a kiss... but it wasn't just a kiss, we were making love with our mouths. He took off my bra and panties and expertly worked my body as if he had been handling it for years. Sucking my nipple causing my stomach to tighten, he continued to tell me how good I taste and feel. His head made its way between my legs and he kissed my inner thigh and inhaled deeply. "Shit you smell so good and your so wet." He slides his tongue through my folds. "Mmmm...very wet." Sliding a finger in me while he laps up all of my juices that are now running down his chin. "Damn slurp tight slurp taste so good" He's now pumping two fingers in and out of me and driving me dangerously close to my orgasm. Right now, at this very moment I am actually holding fists full of Edwards hair, pushing his head into my flesh while I hump his face. I will be embarrassed later, but for now I know no greater feeling. "Oh my God Edward that feels so good, don't stop! I...I..Oh! God I'm...I'm cumming! OH SHIIIT!" I start convulsing around his fingers that are still pumping in and out of me as he sucks on my clit. "That was the best orgasm I have ever had in my life." I admit to him as he licks his fingers clean. He grabs a condom from the night stand next to the bed and placed it on the pillow by my head. "You aint seen nothing yet Angel." He says playfully, smiling at me with those delectable lips. I can't help but to ogle him and then I notice something. "You know Edward...here I lay naked before you and you have yet to remove your pants. Can I see what you're hiding in there, I can't wait anymore. I need you, I am so wet for you. I am throbbing for you. I need you inside me please. Lighting speed his pants are off and his monster cock is positioned at my entrance. He slides his cock up once and hits my clit coating himself with my juices and I just about leap off the bed from the sensation. "No, No, No Bella you aren't going anywhere until after I've had my fill of you. I am going to fuck that sweet pussy so hard and make you scream so loud, I will ruin you for all other men. You will dream of only my cock fucking you so thoroughly." I came again from his words alone. "Yes Edward, I want that, Yes, please!" I breathlessly plead with him. "Please what Bella, what do you want me to do with this dick." He is full on teasing me and it is driving me insane. "Scream it!" " Fuck me Edward! Fuck me with your big fat cock!" As soon as the last word was out of my mouth, Edward plunged his monster cock inside me. "FUUUUCK" He and I both yelled simultaneously for two different reasons. He stills and I clutch him for dare life fearing that I am being torn in half. "Shit. ( panting) Bella Fuck!( More panting) I...( panting)... are you a virgin?" That was probably something I should have told him. I nodded unable to speak, a tear running down my cheek, still holding him with a death grip. He makes a move to pull out. I panic and yell louder than expected. "NO! Please no...don't. Please just...give me a minute to adjust, I want you so much." " Why didn't you tell me...? Oh...God you feel so good." He's obviously struggling between pleasure and shock as he felt my barrier break. " I would have done things differently, maybe waited. I want you to feel good not hurt you Angel." "Let's talk about it after please, the burning is starting to subside now. Just fuck me please, don't deny me this on my birthday. Please" He started a slow thrust at first concerned for my comfort, I could tell it was killing him to not thrust harder, so I had to take matters into my hands. The burning was gone and in its place was a good pain and want. Pleasure, I wrapped my legs around him urging him to do more, and now I was now moaning like a hooker. No longer able to hold back he pushed in deeper, thrusting in and out faster, harder. He was still holding out some though. That's when he reaches down and pinches my clit. AAAHHH Edwaaard! I screemed while my wall squeezed his cock coating him with my release. "MmmHmm Bella I have never felt someone so tight and wet, your dripping for me angle, I am sorry, but I can't hold back anymore I have to fuck you hard and fast, really make this pussy mine." And so the onslaught began. Edward pulled all the way out of me and slammed back in hard, lifting my leg going deeper, thrusting harder, pelvis to pelvis. Slapping sounds radiating through the bedroom from the force of his thrusts and how increasingly wet I am getting. My walls start to quiver again...how could I possibly cum again? He thrusting in me so deep and hard It feels like he's about to touch my tonsils. It hurts, really hurts in the best possible way. I love every minute of it. Quiver, quiver. Bang! Bang! Bang! The headboard is hitting the wall, I almost feel like the bed's about to collapse. Quiver. " Ung, Oh God, I can't, not again! but you feel so good!" " That's right Bella, feel what I do to you, how good I make you feel. How good you make me feel. This pussy is mine! No other man will touch you. No other man will taste you. No other man will fuck you. Only I will make you cum until you are near passing out. Do you understand Bella. Cum for me Angel, cum now! Tell me you're mine." I do as I'm told I, want to. I feel him pulsing in me as he meets his own release with a huge roar. "YOURS! YES! YOURS EDWARD! ONLY YOURS!" Then I black out. There's something cool on my forehead and a sweet voice whispering in my ear. "Wake up Angel you need to drink some of this coke to get some sugar in you. Sorry I wore you out." My eyes flutter open and I give him a huge smile and hugged him. "Thank you for making this my best birthday ever. That was amazing." I realized he cleaned me up while I was passed out and I start to blush. "Thank you for taking care of me also... I..." He cut me off. "Bella why didn't you tell me you were a virgin. I would have done things differently, I would have prepared mentally to tame the beast. However you felt so good I don't know that I could have been gentle. Maybe I shouldn't have been your first experience. I feel like it's my birthday to have been given such a precious gift, you're perfect. Surely there were many opportunities and boyfriends." "I just never found that person that I wanted to be with until you. The connection I felt...I can't describe it. I could feel it when I looked in your eyes. I felt it radiate through me straight to my core making me so wet for you. It was odd, really odd. I tried to fight the attraction, but I couldn't. There was a surge of energy pulling me towards you. That pull is what brought me here, I couldn't say no to you when you suggested we leave, I didn't want to say no. I didn't tell you I was a virgin because I was afraid you'd reject me and I couldn't take that chance, not today. I wanted, for once in my life, to be spontaneous. My friends are all out-going and well...I wanted to see what it was like. I needed to be with you. It was like my body craves yours if that makes any sense. I've never done anything like this before. Leaving with a total stranger was reckless and stupid, but I feel safe with you. I wanted you to be the one. Giving you my virginity just felt right, I listened to my body and It was screaming at me to let you in. I hope you're not angry with me." "How can I be angry with someone whose just verbalized my exact feelings. When I saw you dancing with that schmuck at the club I wanted to punch his fucking teeth out and I couldn't understand it. Why was I feeling so angry? I didn't even know you. I couldn't take my eyes off you, and in my mind you were mine and he shouldn't have touched you. Then you looked my way as if I called your name, and the look in your eyes told me I was going to have you. You walked away from him before the song ended; like you had been caught cheating. you knew you were mine then didn't you?" "Yes" I whispered. "It felt wrong...dancing with him...even though I didn't know you, It wasn't right somehow." He rubs my cheek with the back of his fingers, then leans in and kisses me. Ending our talk and beginning round two. - Next Day- The morning after the best experience of my life, I found myself sneaking out of the hotel room before Edward woke up. I didn't think I could handle it if he suddenly wanted me to leave. It was just a one night stand after all, right? So with a heavy heart I flagged down a cab and headed to Alice and Rose's house. My original plan was to spend the night there after the club. "So you just left? If it was as great as you say, why not stay and talk with him? Maybe he would have wanted something more than a hit it and quit it." "Alice...a man like him would never want to be with me for more than sex. He's a God, I saw a glimpse of heaven when he kissed me. He could be with any woman he wants, I'm sure. Besides if I stayed I would have to tell him I'm only 18 and I'm pretty sure since we were in a 21 and older club he thought I was at the very least 21 years old. It would never work." "I guess your right. Well, at least your first time went well, you're glowing. Wow! I still can't believe he managed to get 7 orgasms out of you last night. He's not just a God, but he's a sex God." "From what you told us Bella I think Edward may have felt just as smittened with you. Who knows maybe it would have worked out. No guy puts that much effort into someone they weren't planning on seeing again. He made