Title: Rage against the Dying Summary: Finally the nets of mortality have caught Aragorn, leaving behind an entire world in shock. Arwen is inconsolable, Legolas locked up in his own thoughts, Eldarion trying to keep a clear head as he takes up his father's title. But someone will not let the dead rest or the mourners heal. Rating: T/ R for violence, angst, and (possibly) implied rape. Also, some very very very rare profanity, only when necessary for impact (least it's a chance, not finished yet, am I?) Note: The times have been warped for the sake of sparing the reader needless confusion over who's who's grandpa, etc. For the sake of a timeframe, Eldarion is about 87 in this story (ooh… symbolism… my English teachers would be proud). Warning: Side effects of this story may include depression, runny noses, tissue overdose, and an extreme longing for your teddy bear. I'm not kidding: this is pretty depressing stuff in here. Also, this story includes character death, lots of it. And I hope I'm not being repetitive when people die in childbirth. Millions die around the globe due to miscarriages and other complications, and it's not like Elven nurses could perform C-Sections. Disclaimer: Not mine, wish it was. All the lyrics/poetry I use are their respective authors. I mainly use "Do not go gentle" by Dylan Thomas and "Passive" by A Perfect Circle, with a little Poe and Snow Patrol thrown in. Genre: Mystery/Drama/Horror Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light. Though wise men at their end know dark is right, Because their words had forked no lightning they Do not go gentle into that good night. Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay, Rage, rage against the dying of the light. Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight, And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way, Do not go gentle into that good night. Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay, Rage, rage against the dying of the light. And you, my father, there on that sad height, Curse, bless, me now with your fierce tears, I pray. Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage, rage against the dying of the light. -Dylan Thomas Chapter 1 Aragorn knew what had happened even before the scream. He stopped his pacing for the first time in hours and ran toward the heavy oaken doors. Before he could open them with such force as to rip off the hinges, a small, elderly nurse rushed out the doors, heading in the general direction of the nearest water pump. "Ioreth! Ioreth!" He yelled, grasping her skinny arm before she even could register his presence. "Ioreth, how is my wife? How's the baby? Is it a boy or a girl? What-" "King Ellessar, Lady Arwen has given birth to a baby boy who, I am delighted to say, looks exactly like his father." Ioreth said gently, wiggling her arm out of his vice-like grip. "However, you cannot see her just yet, she's resting and-" The King's face, who had relaxed for a few moments, paled once again to an unhealthy shade of gray. "Resting? Why is she resting? Is she well? What about my son?" "My lord, she is tired. You would be too, after 13 hours of labor. And your son is fine, we're cleaning him up now." "Cleaning up? What do you mean? What happened? Why does he need to be cleaned?" The nurse attempted to keep a professional air about her, but a smile ticked at her lips. "Lord Ellessar, in all due respect, how many babies have you delivered?" Now that he thought about it, not many. Elrond had always shooed him out of the hospital when a woman went into labor, muttering something about not being mature enough. "Um…" "That's what I thought. Sir, I let you do your job. Let me do mine." She walked back into the room, closing the doors firmly behind her. He thought he heard her bolt the door, but why would she do that? "Relax Mellon." Legolas, who had watched the scene with amusement, rose from the window seat on which he had been sitting comfortably. "You heard Ioreth. Your wife and child are fine." Aragorn sighed and looked up for heavenly guidance. "Yes, I know. But that's my son in there! I deserve to know what he looks like! " Legolas smiled and made room for Ellessar. "You have the rest of your life, Estel, to find that out. In the meantime, do yourself a favor and relax." Aragorn took the advice and collapsed next to his friend. "I can't wait for the day when I can sit and laugh while you raise Mordor with all your pacing. Legolas' grin faded into a look of concern. "Oh…didn't I tell you that… the messenger came today…" "What? Did something happen to your wife? Is she OK? Legolas, what happened?" Aragorn straightened back up and looked questioningly at his friend. "Lineth…" Legolas looked at the floor, trying to hide his excitement. "Is…going to have a child." Aragorn's eyes bulged out and his mouth gaped open in joy. "That's great news, Legolas!…Why didn't you tell me sooner?" The elf smiled, happy that his friend was finally paying attention. "You seemed a little preoccupied." "No, no, no, this is important! Tell me everything, mellon! I have no distractions now-" "Lord Ellessar!" Ioreth yelled through the door. "You can come in now." Completely forgetting his now bewildered friend, Aragorn leapt up and sprinted for the room. He ran straight to the four-poster bed, almost tripped over it, put himself together, and looked down. I bet you think that I'm going to say that Eldarion was a beautiful, healthy bundle of joy. I'm sorry to say that you'll be disappointed. 'Dear Valar. My wife has given birth to an orc!' "Isn't he beautiful, darling?" Arwen looked at her husband with a tired smile on her face. The nurses had changed the bloody sheets and taken the washcloths away, so to Estel it appeared that his thing had popped out of nowhere. He therefore could not put together why the baby was black and blue, its hair tousled up and his eyes seeming to pop out of his face, not to mention the wrinkly skin and half-formed elf ears. "Honey? Honey? Oh, Estel, he looks just like you!" 'I truly hope not.' "Here, hold him." She held up Eldarion to her husband, joy in her eyes. "He should see his daddy." Slowly he took the child up into his arms and looked at it. Looking past the bruises, wrinkles, and weird smell he couldn't identify, he could see why Arwen said they looked alike. Even the eyes, which so often went to the mother, looked like his. He smiled as the baby looked at him, blinking his bug eyes, trying to understand what this strange looking alien was. "Mae Govannen, Eldarion. eam ada." Satisfied with this answer, the baby yawned and settled into his father's arms for a nap. The beautiful grey eyes closed, and Estel felt his own brimming with tears. Giving the baby back to its mother, he looked up and out the nearby window. The sun had risen just above the mountains. The clouds were white and puffy, slow mammoths moving across the sky. Dead as Dead can be, the doctor tells me, But I just can't believe him, Ever the optimistic one. -A Perfect Circle Legolas knew what had happened even before he heard the scream, and his heart filled with the sobs he would not let out. He closed his eyes and ran even faster up the stairs. Whenever he could, the elf had visited his friend. Especially in the past few years, when King Ellessar's health had gone downhill, he had visited at least once a month. But sometimes, his son Lonnen needed help running the Kingdom of Greenwood, and would summon his father, the real King, to help him. Such had been the case a month ago, when spiders were spotted deep in the forest. No sooner had the matter been resolved when a messenger arrived, saying that the king was gravely ill. Without even saying good bye, he leapt on the nearest horse and urged it on at full gallop. A trip that usually took l 6 days was reduced to a week. Apparently even that hadn't been quick enough. He reached the top of the steps and flew open the doors to the Houses of Healing. Inside, grey nurses, not used to staying still, sat restlessly in the corners, their whispers echoing in the large stone foyer. Two assistants, their eyes red and leaking, caught his attention. They sat on the window seat which he had reclined on so long ago, a time under much different circumstances and with happier thoughts on his mind. "Dear Valar… can you imagine?" "He's been there since I was a little girl…" "One of his daughters is a friend of mine. How can she possibly feel?" "The same way you felt when your father died." As the two started to sob quietly, he found his own eyes watering. It would not be true… this had always happened before… Estel would wake up, and they would laugh about it later over some Mirkwood wine… "Send messengers to Rohan, the Shire, the Dwarves, Mirkwood, and Ithilien. No need for them to go to Harad or the Southern countries. Oh, excuse me, sir." Iorien, now the head of the Houses, went over to Legolas. She looked just like her grandmother, with mouse brown hair in a tight bun, piercing green eyes, and small severe lips. Though she barely measured up to his shoulder, she commanded attention from even the guards who stood at the door. He ran and grabbed her and turned her around with trembling hands. "Ioren, tell me…" tell me that what I think is wrong and that he's all right… She fought out of his grip; indignancy flashing before the compassion that resided in her soul came out in her voice. "He's gone, my lord. His poor soul departed about 15 minutes ago." Legolas blinked, and his eyes glazed over like a dead man. How could it be true, when only a month ago he had been able to chase after his grandchildren? Thranduil's words echoed through his mind… "He is human! He is mortal, he will die…To befriend him will be folly, for he will leave you and you will never see him again…even in death…Why do you risk your life for his… when in the end you can not save him." "…went in about five minutes ago, that was probably the scream you heard." "Where is he?!" Legolas cried, voice cracking. "Where he always stayed." She whispered, gesturing to the very room used by an expectant queen what seemed like ages ago. Legolas sprinted to the door with the ferocity of a dying animal, his thoughts racing faster still. Dead no he can't be dead he can't how could he leave his family here alone how could he leave me… He flew open the heavy oaken doors, and stopped dead in his tracks. …When in the end you cannot save him. He hadn't realized the sun was up until he looked out the large windows. It had ascended over the mountains, but not so much as to drain the colors of dawn. The clouds were red. A bed was outlined by the light, which did not seem to pass the window. As his eyes adjusted to the strange lighting, he noticed how many people there were. Closest to the bed was his wife, as it should be, surrounded by their seven children. They stood like