Chapter 1 in three parts Sleepless Frodo was tired. He had spent the whole of the day helping to unloading the huge waggon the Dwarves had rolled up the Hill the day before, and most of the evening trying to find places in the already crowded rooms of Bag End for all the things Bilbo had ordered. He and Bilbo had then cooked up and served a vast meal for the road-weary Dwarves and themselves, and they had shared as much cheer with their guests as they had energy to spend. Once everyone was fed and bedded down, the smial became quiet for the first time that day, except for the crackle of the coals on the fireplaces and an occasional drawn-out snore. Tired as he was, sleep was far from Frodo that night. The Birthday Party was now merely two weeks away. The young hobbit lay awake on his bed, thinking. He wished that September twenty-second would not come this year. Foreknowledge of what was going to happen on that day had done little to ease the pain in Frodo's heart; if anything, he grieved more knowing that each passing moment brought Bilbo's departure closer. He would miss his uncle terribly after he went away. What would he do, without his uncle's guidance and companionship? It felt to Frodo like he was becoming an orphan all over again. Frodo sighed and climbed out of bed. He went to the open window and leaned on the sill with his chin on his folded hands, and looked out at the garden. Moonlight had made the orderly rows and trestles into a tangle of jungle in his imagination. Frodo thought about his uncle wandering around in such a wild place, alone and far away, and he felt a great sadness that could not be assuaged. He dressed and crept out of his room. It was a soft night so he left his cloak hanging inside the door and picked up his favourite walking stick. He smiled a little as he tucked a fresh handkerchief in his pocket. Carefully he opened the door and stepped out, closing it softly behind him. A walk through Hobbiton and around the Pool might be just the thing to ease his tension, was Frodo's thinking. The hour was very late, so he took the ways that he knew would not take him near any dogs whose barking would rouse and disturb folk. Bilbo would have kittens if he knew Frodo was out walking alone, but Frodo was not afraid. The strange events that had happened just a week ago seemed like a story told by a fireside, a child's distant memory. On this night, his desire to walk beneath the stars was stronger than his caution. He walked the familiar road without hurrying, but found himself too soon strolling back up the Hill. He did not yet feel sleepy and the night was too pleasant to close out with roof and walls, so Frodo went into the garden and walked along the path that had looked wild and dangerous from his window. It didn't look like a jungle anymore. Frodo felt for a moment very strange, as if the world had shrunk around him, becoming as small as the Shire, and that everything beyond the borders had vanished or had never been. Frodo looked up at the stars, expecting to see them realigned in alien patterns or falling from the sky. The stars remained as ever they had been, distant and bright. Frodo expelled his pent breath and relaxed. The stars did not change, however much the world of Frodo Baggins might. There was a rustling noise behind him. Frodo turned with his walking stick held ready, but it was only Samwise, coming through the garden gate. The younger hobbit whispered, "Mr Frodo, is that you, sir?" "Sam! Whatever are you doing up at this hour?" Frodo almost laughed, his sudden fear gone with the sound of his friends voice. "I couldn't sleep, sir. I was up taking the air on the end of the Row when I thought I saw a shadow climbing the Hill. I followed to make sure there was no mischief afoot." "If there had been mischief, what would you have done, Sam Gamgee?" asked Frodo with a grin, cuffing Sam's shoulder lightly. "You'd be surprised how much noise I can make when I have to, Mr Frodo," said Sam. He looked around and then up at Frodo. "What are you doing out here, sir, if you'll forgive my asking? You've a long day ahead of you tomorrow. Asleep you should be, though I say it as shouldn't." "I know, Sam. I just can't close my eyes yet. I keep thinking about... the Party." Frodo had promised to keep secret Bilbo's intent to leave the Shire, so he could not share even with Sam the things he was feeling. He offered a weak smile that Sam could not see in the darkness, and sighed softly. "Everyone is looking forward to it, sir! I can tell you, I have lost some sleep thinking about it, too. I can hardly wait, and then again, I kinda wish't that it wouldn't come." "Why is that, Sam? Why would you not wish for that day to come?" asked Frodo. "Well, you'll be of age on that day, and perhaps you'll be too busy for ... well, I mean, you'll have better things to do with your time than... " Sam's voice faded to a mutter, and Frodo thought he could see a flush on Sam's face by the light of the low moon. "Sam, we will still go fishing and camping together, you and I, and Merry and Pippin, too. Coming of age doesn't mean I'll be locked in my smial for the rest of my life!" "I know, sir! I was just thinking and, well... thinking isn't what I do best, as my Gaffer tells me." Frodo shook his head. "I would have to disagree with your Gaffer about that, Sam. But let's forget our worries for a moment and enjoy the evening. I think I know something that will cheer you up." Sam looked up at him again with an eager light in his brown eyes. Frodo laughed softly and whispered, "I heard from Bilbo today that Gandalf is coming to the Party, and that he is bringing... fireworks! " Sam stuffed his fist in his mouth to prevent his outburst from waking the neighbourhood, "Fireworks! O, Mr Frodo! I have always heard such tales of Gandalf's fireworks! Is he really coming? O my!" Sam fluttered about excitedly and Frodo laughed aloud at his antics, his tension and sadness fall from him. Bilbo would come and go as his will directed him, seeking Adventure, but Frodo realized now that he would not be left utterly alone. He allowed himself to smile and felt his weariness catch up with him at last. "I'm for bed now, as so you should be, too. Goodnight, Sam." Frodo said. "Goodnight, Mr Frodo! I'll not sleep a wink, I am sure, but I'll be just as happy daydreaming! Good night, sir!" Sam walked out of the gate, talking softly and excitedly to himself. Frodo walked slowly back to the front door of the smial, yawning and chuckling. He would have a few hours of sleep and a long tomorrow, and with luck Gandalf would turn up sometime soon. Frodo felt a craving for his company and his wise conversation. Frodo wondered if the wizard would be going with Bilbo on his Adventure, as he had done before. That would make it harder, knowing that they were bound for excitement together while he remained behind in the Shire. Frodo put on his nightshirt and laughed at himself. Becoming the Master of the Hill was going to be an Adventure, too. And as much as he would miss Bilbo, he knew he was going to be very happy. Frodo fell asleep quickly, his curls stirred by the breeze from his open window. The sky outside was turning violet before dawn, but the birds in the hedgerow were hushed, as if the garden of Bag End did not wish to disturb the young Master's sleep. II Foxtail Frodo woke to the sounds of stirring in the hole; Dwarven boots make quite a distinct sound, even when carefully placed. Frodo dragged himself from bed and found that someone, probably the ubiquitous Samwise, had left a basin and pitcher for his bath. Mumbling blessings for his benefactor, he poured the basin full of warm water and plunged in his hazy head and washed his sleepiness away. The kitchen of Bag End was warm and full of life. Frodo edged inside past the table set with a massive breakfast and six Dwarves. Bilbo hailed him and bade him sit and eat before there was naught left but bread crusts. There was little danger of going hungry as the table was heaped with food. Bilbo had risen early and prepared for the busy day. Frodo helped himself to an ample breakfast then offered to do the washing up for Bilbo, "To make up for sleeping late and being of no use this morning!" Frodo added with a sheepish grin. "Nonsense, my lad," said Bilbo, waving away Frodo's contrition. "We shall take care of this and everything else today. You need a holiday, I think; yesterday took more out of you that this breakfast has put back in! Take a stroll today or read a book. Frerín and his cohorts will be all the help I need today. Besides, how am I to arrange any surprises for you if you are underfoot?" "I don't know if I want any surprises, uncle," said Frodo with a laugh. "Are you sure you don't need my help?" "We'll manage today without it. Just keep an eye on the road for Gandalf, if you could. I am expecting him at any time. Indeed, he should have been here by now, but you know how wizards are... they have their own impeccable sense of timing!" "Our wizard does, at any rate!" agreed Frodo, and he fetched from his room the book he was reading and took Bilbo's advice; a nice long stroll and a book under a tree sounded very pleasant. Bilbo handed him a package with a morsel for second breakfast and Frodo was off down the road, his spirit high and his pace light. He felt quite relieved to be outside on what was turning into a lovely day, but he felt a touch guilty, too, for not putting up more resistance to Bilbo's dismissal. But well... a day to himself outside of the crowded hole sounded so very nice, and it had been long enough since Frodo had had the opportunity to do nothing for a while. It may be a long time indeed before the chance came again. Frodo steered away from that dark thought and picked up his pace. He wasn't in a hurry, really, except that as it was such a nice morning and there being quite a few hobbits about, someone was bound to say something to him... "Hullo! Young Master Baggins! I hope all is going well with you and your uncle?" Daddy Twofoot leaned against his fence next to the letterbox and nodded to Frodo. "Quite the shindig ol' Bilbo is planning, eh lad?" "Yes, sir, all is well on the Hill today. Thank you!" Frodo said cheerfully. "Keep an eye on that letterbox... your invitation should be arriving soon!" "Invitation? Gah! I live within shoutin' distance from the front door of Bag End... just poke yer head out and holler when the food's ready!" Frodo laughed and waved as he walked away. He crossed the bridge and walked purposely through town, as if on an urgent errand, hoping to keep the interruptions to a minimum. He managed to get out of the village fairly quickly and settled into his long strolling walk that