A/N: Hello again friends. It's been a while since I've been here. I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. This is a wannabe X-Men, Last Airbender sort of crossover. I started this forever ago and now kinda wanna come back to it and edit it a bit. If you've read this before and wanna keep doing so, that's awesome. If you're new to it all I hope you like it, and I hope I have the passion and tenacity to keep this thing going. We'll see. DISCLAIMER: I do not own the Hunger Games series, plots, or characters by any means - that goes for all my chapters and stories on this site 'cause I'll be too lazy and forgetful to remember to put this elsewhere. I'd clearly make Cato and Peeta do it, so, there you go. Please review, and enjoy. Chapter One : The Mom, The Man, and The Moon "Come here, Peeta!" the woman exclaimed. The two-year-old made his way to his mother, whose soft, golden-colored hair flew gracefully back and forth with the wind, occasionally obstructing her king and loving face. She wore a smile - a smile as bright as the sun, though infinitely more approachable. Peeta held out his hands to meet the woman's, who swiftly picked him up and swung him around a few times, in full circles, before holding him tight to her chest, protecting him with her love. She looked down to her giggling toddler. "You are more special than you know, baby. You are going to do great things some day ." She paused. " Amazing things." She kissed his forehead, as if it were to be the last time. "I love you so much, Peeta." Peeta's thoughts were clouded with distant memories as he examined the only photograph of his mother he possessed. Her right hand tugs at her flowing yellow hair, placing a few strans on the back of her right ear, as her other hand holds a gorgeous tan sun hat right above her waist. She's got a smile that's blinding. Her amber-colored eyes are looking directly at him, making it feel like she's there in person, her essence forever contained within this picture, within his hands. He flipped it over. On the back of the photograph a few sentences were written - seemingly perfect, untouched by the past few cruel years: Whenever you are alone, Peeta, look to the moon. I will always be there for you – wherever you are, wherever I am. Remember: you are always loved. -Mom He's done this more times than he can count: played with this picture, as he does whenever he's feeling down. It's been thirteen years since that day…thirteen years since he last saw the one person he could always count on. She died shortly after that memory, Peeta thinks. There had been a terrible car accident, and she didn't make it. His father never got over that loss, though he had remarried – and to a witch of a woman, no less. Dad knows he'll never find someone like her again , Peeta thought. And it was true – Lily was the only person of her kind: infinitely intelligent, kind as a rose is beautiful, and stunning to gaze upon. She gave George three sons: their oldest, Loochi, who was twenty, and practically co-ran the bakery alongside his father; Cross, who had turned eighteen not too long ago, and dreamed of being a stone mason; and Peeta, their youngest, who was probably most like their mother in appearance and personality: brilliantly oceanic eyes, dirty-blonde hair, kind and sweet. He often got pushed around by his brutish brothers for being so passive. It wasn't that he was afraid to stand up for himself – mostly it wasn't that – it was that he hadn't seen the use in fighting, physically, when everything, he believed, could be settled with calmness and a logical conversation. His brothers thought otherwise, and frequently tried to beat some "sense" into him when he was younger. They gave up when he was around eleven. Peeta was deemed "a lost cause." He placed his mother back onto his nightstand, but not before he gave her a brief kiss. He didn't need to tear up about this, once again. He was nearly sixteen years old, and maybe his brothers were right: being a man means you show no emotion. That's practically the only thing I can do ... Peeta shook his head, ridding himself of the all-too common and dampening thoughts that plagued him from time-to-time. I'm better than this. I'm more special than I- "Peeta!" A shrill voice plowed its way through the house, originating from downstairs. "Get down here. Now!" "Yes, Maybelle!" Peeta yelled, trying not to sound as irritated as he was upon hearing that horrible screech. He threw himself off of his bed, and slipped on his socks and shoes – normally one wouldn't do this to simply talk with another, but when Maybelle chose to speak to Peeta, it often resulted in some sort of argument which sprang forth from nowhere, and often led to a beating and, ultimately, an escape. He was used to it. He ran down the flight of stairs before catching sight of his father, with short brown hair and defeated, swollen eyes. No one said it, but everyone knew – Maybelle beat her husband. She wasn't threatening in stature or anything, George just couldn't bring himself to defend himself – to forcibly hurt his wife. He was too kind for that. Maybelle, on the other hand, had no quarrels with the matter – she was used to being in control, no matter how she obtained and retained it. It's been this way for ten years. Why his father chose this ghastly woman, Peeta didn't know. He figured his father feared that deadly wave of darkness named loneliness. I'd take that over Maybelle any day , Peeta thought. Peeta's eyes finally touched upon Maybelle's form halfway down the stairs. Bouncy black curls came down to her shoulders, in almost too-perfect-to-be rings. She always wore a beautifully-made blouse, which harshly clashed with her destructive personality – tonight a blue one, covered in snow-white Dahlia flowers that came down to her mid-shins. Her coal-black eyes, filled with fury as they often were, penetrated his whole body, freezing it mid-descent. Peeta looked to the steps before continuing, walking over to the blissfully- wedded pair, and stopped three feet in front of them. He brought up his eyes to meet Maybelle's – she was as tall as Peeta was, about 5'7" – when he noticed the bread paddle in her hands. She noticed his noticing, and quickly threw her hands behind her back before speaking. "Peeta, your father and I would like to talk with you," she began, unusually calm. Peeta's mind began to race with what he could have done wrong within the past few days. Is this about that bread I burned the other day? I didn't think it was such a big deal. At least the pigs got to eat. Or is this about my birthday? I'd rather spend it alone. Or with Dad. Maybelle looked to her husband, giving him permission to speak. "Son, we wanted to know if...anything...odd has been going on with you. Changes with your body? Anything you can't explain?" the man asked, talking with his hands. He looked concerned, like he wouldn't be able to handle what his son was about to say, regardless of what it really was. Peeta cocked his head sideways, and shook it, before letting out a simple "What?" Puberty first came to mind, and even though Peeta couldn't fully explain it himself, he knew science could, so that was out of the question. "I'm not sure what you're talking about." Maybelle grunted, picked up her right foot, and slammed it onto the ground before looking to her husband. "See, George? I told you he was completely useless." She locked eyes with Peeta, eyes void of softness versus those made of cotton. "A total. Waste. Of space," she enunciated. "I should have known better than to hold some sort of hope with you," she said as she brought back the paddle from her back, pointing it at Peeta accusingly. "May, it could still happen. He's not even sixteen," Peeta's father tried to reassure her, placing a hand sheepishly on her shoulder, almost afraid of it catching fire. She shrugged it off. "No, George! This boy does nothing but sulk about his long-dead trashcan of a mother," Maybelle stated. This was not the smartest move the woman had ever made. Peeta clenched his fists and took a few steps forward. "Take that back," he threatened. He didn't know what he would, or could, do to this monster. But he couldn't let that slide, never. He looked to his father, who shook his head in defeat. Peeta's eyes began to water. "Or what, little boy?" Maybelle teased. "Gonna burn all our bread?" She raised an eyebrow, and smirked, challenging him. "The only thing you're good at." Peeta's face grew hot and red with rage – he's been angry before, but nothing like this. No one's ever insulted his mother before, at least not to his face. And why would they? Peeta felt one of his shaking fists rise, ready to strike, only for it to come down seconds later. Hot water ran down his cheeks as his lips and chin unconsciously trembled. "Burn in hell, you bitch ," Peeta let out, voice slightly cracking. He made his way through the living room, reached the front door, and exited the house before he'd allow himself to get beat, too. He ran, going nowhere in particular, in the dark, with nothing but the shadows of the nightlife and the gleam of the moon and stars to keep him company. He came upon the supposedly electrified fence, the fence he and Katniss would frequently cross whenever they could, before coming to a stop. I'm so sorry, Dad. I wish I was strong enough for the both of us. I wish I could do something. I wish I could help. He lifted his head up and gazed at that beautiful yin-yang of a sphere in the sky, playing with the beautifully-crafted sterling silver charm bracelet his mother left him, tugging on it for support. You are always loved. Peeta smiled. Thank you, mom . He brought up his sleeve to rub at his eyes and nose, and fanned at his eyes, before maneuvering himself through the hole in the supposedly-electrified fence. He was sure Katniss would be waiting for him, as she usually was. He didn't want her to worry. Peeta walked the path he had walked many times – swatting away tree branches, almost tripping over vines on the ground – when he finally came to their spot. Much like he had expected, Katniss was there, waiting. Only, she wasn't as stoic as usual. She was hunched over by a tree trunk, in a ball, knees to her chest, rocking back and forth. Crying...? Peeta stood there for a minute, waiting for a change, before breaking the silence. "Katniss?" he questioned, softly. She looked up suddenly, fear ruling her beautiful grey eyes. She pushed herself off the ground, slowly, then ran into her best friend's arms, sobbing. "Peeta..." she let out. Peeta felt the rise and fall of her body against his as she cried, not knowing what had happened or what to do. He softly played with her hair and rubbed her back in a soothing motion, trying to calm her down. "Katniss, what's going on?" he said as he grabbed her arms and pushed her, slightly, in front of him so they could speak. She was still whimpering. Peeta took his sleeve and wiped at her cheeks. That seemed to give her the strength she needed to begin and he smiled. "Come on, you can tell me anything." "They took my family,