A/N: Welcome to the newest big project I have started on! The College AU! I hope everyone enjoys this first chapter, and future chapters to come. PIPER Piper McLean's first choice for college was her soccer mom minivan, a big ass paycheck, and a name change. What she got was this lame-ass state school where the only pass she got was that no one here seemed to be even halfway into pop culture enough to connect her name with her dad's. He was lucky – he had the ability to walk through the crowd as if he wasn't Native American, like the whole thing didn't matter to him. People didn't call him out of it, and, if he didn't mention it, people just overlooked Tristan McLean for anything but his face and acting chops. Piper, on the other hand, was lucky enough to be both Native American and a woman, so essentially everyone thought she was an alcoholic who belonged in the kitchen. To which she always responded, "I can hold my liquor for longer than you could hold down a girlfriend, and the next time I walk into the kitchen is when I'm shoving your ugly ass into a boiling pot of water." That's usually the last time she ever hears from whoever it was. Why she's sitting in a dorm room in the middle of god-knows-where, New York, she can only explain by her father. "You better be a decent student at least," Tristan McLean demanded the day before, when she set off for school. The day she got kicked out of the Wilderness School for pretending to push a girl into the Grand Canyon was the exact day she could pinpoint going from being a troubled-but-loved daughter to a troubled-and-rejected daughter. Coincidentally, that was the same year that she got her first tattoo with her friend Leo and shaved off half of her hair for the first time. "If you make any more of these mistakes," Tristan continued, "I can't bail you out anymore. No more money following you around, no more rich dad fixing your mistakes. I'm done treating you like a kid, Piper. You're on your own now." She'd moved into her dorm room on her own, finagling a random dude who owned an off-campus lot to give her a parking pass even though she's a freshman (she has a way with words – and with her boobs. She's done great things with a low cut top and an innocent glance.) She'd put together her dorm room on her own, and she'd met some of her floormates in her bathroom during an awkward not-locking bathroom stall moment. And when her roommate moves in? That's when things change. She's blonde with curly hair and a really shy smile, and Piper would totally put her on the would-bang list if she wasn't living with her for a long time. And if she spoke. At all. "Hey," says Piper, rolling off of her bed and putting down her book. "I'm Piper McLean. I'm going to be your roommate this year." The girl smiles and looks like she's about to respond, but somebody bursts into the dorm room behind her and the smile drops from her face. "Jesus, could you move?" asks a younger boy, ramming into Annabeth with a serious lack of balance. "We're trying to help you here." Piper's not one to be belligerent toward middle schoolers – she's lying, she totally is – but this one seems like he needs a nice slap across the face. "Sorry, Bobby," the girl says quietly, sidestepping. Piper takes the box out of her hands. The young boy drops the box into the girl's arms, and she puts it down on the bed. "I have a couple more –" "Yeah, yeah, mom and dad are getting them. I'm gonna go to the car." She goes to say something, but apparently the boy ignores her on a daily basis, because he turns and leaves immediately. "He's a gem," says Piper with a single eyebrow going up. The girl shrugs. "They're not too fond of me," she says quietly, and she's pretty much silent as a man Piper could identify as her father and the woman Piper could identify as her brother's mom drop a few suitcases down on the floor. "Come with us, Annabeth, we have a few more things to drop off here and then we need to head home. The boys have a soccer game to get to." Annabeth, Piper notes. The girl's name is Annabeth. She smiles back at Piper as she makes the trip down the two flights of stairs. "Well punch me with a tree trunk and call me Shirley Temple," Piper mumbles as she watches the unhappy family walk down the stairs. "Looks like I've found somebody with shittier parents than mine." Piper moves a few things of hers out of the way so that Annabeth has more space to put her stuff, and just as she busts open a box of clothing to put away, the family returns, with two boys instead of one. "You've got a roommate?" says another one of Annabeth's brothers. "Ew, that sucks." Piper refrains from her usual response of "actually, I blow" and just waves at him from the corner of the room. The surprise on his face makes it clear he hadn't realized she had been in the room when he said it. "Oh," he says quietly, "um, I'm going to go wait in the car. Bobby, put down the box in your hands and we can go play DS. Bye, Annabeth, see you, like, for Thanksgiving." They dart out the door and don't even give their older sister a second glance, and Annabeth's still barely in the room by the time they're out of it. "They'll miss you," says the boy's mother, not too convincingly, "they're just distracted." Annabeth just shrugs in response and puts various items down on the bed, making enough room for the parents to come in and stare at her awkwardly while she works on unpacking. "Well," says Annabeth's father, "I will see you – sometime." "Thanksgiving," says the other woman, "we'll see you then." "Right, of course," says Annabeth's father, absentmindedly staring out the window. "Well, we hope you have a great first semester!" "Bye dad, bye Christine," says Annabeth with a smile, but the only one who hugs her is her father. It's an awkward dance as "Christine" puts her hand out for a shake and Annabeth moves for a hug and then changes her direction at the last moment. "Be good!" is the last thing Piper hears from her roommate's parents. Then the door closes and the girl called Annabeth visibly loses half the tension in her shoulders. "Well then," says Piper, "that was pretty interesting. Let's try that without the meddling kids. Hi, I'm Piper." "I'm Annabeth," says Annabeth quietly, sticking her hand out for a shake. Piper does so and grins at her. "You need to actually smile more," Piper comments. "You're not stuck with your family anymore, and, from my experience, that's a good thing for everybody." Annabeth, thank god, laughs, and Piper grins broadly. "So," says Piper, "tell me a bit about you. I'm assuming you're my roommate." Annabeth nods. "Yep. You're a freshman too, right?" Piper nods. "Fresh meat and all that. So. Let's get this show on the road, shall we?" Annabeth gives her a weird look, and it's almost like she's curling up into herself as Piper gets more and more friendly. Piper, in all her experience, has never made somebody do that. Annabeth and Piper talk mindlessly for a little while as the afternoon passes, about high schools – Annabeth hated hers and Piper's three different places were three different levels of hell, so there wasn't much easy chatter to be had about them. After a long period of silence during which Annabeth doesn't even complain when Piper starts blaring Sky Ferreira as they put away clothing, Piper gets exasperated. "Alright," she says firmly, "we're going to go to a party tonight." "But we have the floor meeting," says Annabeth, confused. "At six," says Piper, "we'll get lunch and then finish some of this unpacking, hit the bookstore, and go to the stupid meeting to get our RA off our backs. Then we'll get dolled up and try to find some parties in this podunk town. There's got to be something going on tonight, right?" Annabeth shoots her a look. "Do I look like the person who could give you the answer to that question?" "You have a good point," says Piper. "I'll take care of all the logistics – you just unpack and look pretty." For a split second, Piper thinks she went too far with the comment and that Annabeth's going to yell at her for being stupid (she can dream, right?) but instead Annabeth does that quiet little laugh again and nods. "Change of pace for me, sitting back," she replies, "but I think this is probably more your area of expertise than mine." Piper nods. "And you have GOT to let me do something awesome with your hair." "My hair?" Annabeth asks, running her fingers with it. "What's wrong with my hair?" "Literally nothing," says Piper, "other than the fact that you've probably never done much with it other than a braid or a ponytail." The look on Annabeth's face tells her she's hit the nail on the head. "Oh, don't worry," says Piper, turning back to her closet. "Living with me, I'm sure you'll get better at this kind of stuff." Annabeth, Piper discovers, only gets more uptight when she gets around a big group of people she doesn't know. "Piper, I'm not sure I want to be here," she says, squirming. She begins pulling on the intricate braid in her hair that Piper had insisted she put in, and Piper, rather belligerently, slaps her hand away. "I don't care if you want to leave, I want your hair to look badass. So stop fiddling with your goddamn braid before I hit you in the neck." Though it has only been a few hours of knowing each other, Piper thinks that Annabeth's really getting used to her. Or maybe she's just so scared she's not doing anything. Piper will have to look into that. "So," says Piper, trying to speak loudly enough to be heard above the throbbing sound of – was that a remix of Call Me Maybe? What was it, 2012 again? – to Annabeth, "see anyone you like?" Annabeth shrugs, and Piper's going to actually hit her in the throat if she keeps doing that weird "I'm too shy to talk" thing. Sure, she's too shy to talk to people, but it's a freaking party. There's literally no one here who looks better than they do or is more in control of themselves than they are. Well, that's mainly because Piper's not going to get wasted on the first night of the semester and Annabeth's too nervous to drink around people she doesn't know. But that doesn't change the fact that they're far from sloppy. Piper scans the room, and a guy with dark hair and light blue eyes catches her gaze. "That guy's hot," she says, nudging Annabeth with her elbow. Annabeth smirks. "I'm not into blue eyes," she says, and something in Annabeth's tone makes Piper think there's something else going on behind the words, but Piper's not going to say anything until Annabeth brings it up. "But," Annabeth continues, "that guy's staring at you like he's ready to bang you into next Thursday." Piper's eyebrows shoot up. "Did you just say that?" she asks, startled. "Or were you, like, temporarily overtaken by some sex demon?" "Just because I'm quiet doesn't mean I know nothing about sex." It's meant as an offhanded comment, but Piper's dangerously good at reading people. And something about that sentence throws her off, just like the comment