AN: Okay this has to be the longest chapter I've ever written and not be part of the Trip to the Past series. I had a friend of mine help me beta read this so it'll sound better than it was originally. Which was absolutely horrible from the start. This is also my entry for Takara Phoenix's Nicercy contest. High school. Place of stupidity, immaturity, and unruled egos seem to flourish. As well as a lot of other people who shall not be classified. Nico Di Angelo being one of them. He wasn't exactly a 'loner' but he wasn't a 'follower' either. He just didn't like a lot of people and trusted even less. Well, that's not his fault now is it...? He shook his head as he waited in the lunch line for his turn to get whatever was on the menus today. Hopefully pasta or something remotely Italian. Nico let his eyes wander slowly around the lunch room to find an open seat as he slowly crept up the slow-moving lunch line, his eyes not finding his usual group. Instead, they landed on something, someone, different. He didn't recognize the person at all, not from any of his classes or from years prior in middle school. Then again, he never had seen anyone from his old middle school or his highs school since beginning of his freshmen year this year. Only a week ago, sigh, time flies. And he didn't even miss any of those pricks. But, as he moved up in line at a snail's pace, he couldn't take his eyes off the kid. He was tan, like surfer tan, with short brownish black hair that was cut nicely so it wasn't long. He wore a lot of blue, blue jean shorts and blue waves on his white tank top, even his beat up old shoes were a shade of blue. His whole outfit was blue, save for the brown necklace with a single bead in the middle of it. How the heck could that kid look so hot in the summer time? Lucky dude. Or unlucky, since he was sitting all alone. After getting his lunch, Nico too a leap of faith. Being a new kid, which Nico was in this case, he didn't have anyone to sit with. So, just because he was in a good mood because there was pasta for lunch, he walked right up to the table and cleared his throat, making the boy look up at him with amazingly green blue eyes. Damn, the ocean was personified in these eyes. "What you want?" He asked in a bored tone. Nico was stunned for a moment, but put on a smile. "I'm Nico, Nico Di Angelo-" "Don't care. Go away." 'Talk about rude.' Nico thought, but didn't drop his smiling facade. If he was going to act nice, he might as well try a little harder. Besides, he wasn't sitting anywhere else anyway, this was the only place less crowded. "Mind if I sit with you?" Nico watched the kid stiffen, and then glare up at him. His glare was untrusting, cold, and bitter. The Italian had only seen that glare once in his life, and that was only when he looked in the mirror. A pang filled his chest and he felt his throat squeeze shut. "There's a reason I sit alone, newbie." The kid hissed, his voice so full of venom that almost took Nico off guard. "But sure, sit. Eat. Then leave me the hell alone." "Well, aren't you a ray of sunshine." Nico muttered as he sat down and started eating. After at least ten minutes of silence, Nico didn't expect any conversation at all. "How can you wear that?" Nico's head shot up, shocked. Percy was looking at him, a little bit confused and curiousness swimming in his deep-sea eyes. "It's, like, a billion degrees today." Nico tugged at his brown bomber jacket sleeve a little. "It was a gift... I never take it off..." Nico shook his head as he focused back on his half eaten spaghetti. "And it's not that hot." Percy arched an eyebrow. "What's your name?" "Nico Di Angelo." "New guy?" "Yeah." Percy nodded slowly, a smile crossing his face. "Cool. You seem like you are. You having a good day?" Nico arched an eyebrow. "Yeah, just a little bullying." "Luke and his crew?" "Yeah." Percy nodded thoughtfully. "Don't even pay attention to them. They are so stupid it's not even funny." "And they seem to be just as persistent as they are stupid." That made them both laugh a little bit. Percy was starting to warm up to Nico just a little. It was nice seeing someone who could look past the facade of Luke and his gang and knew what they could be like. Hell, no one believed him when he tried to get them to pay for picking on him, but the teachers, even his own friends, took Luke's side. 'He's not a bad kid, he's just troubled.' 'Stop trying to get attention kid, it's not funny.' 'Are you sure it was Luke?' Now, he had someone else who understood what was truly going on. "What year you in?" Nico asked. "Freshmen. You?" Percy returned the question, but he figured he was the same. "Freshman." Called it. "Why you come to this craphole?" Percy asked, pushing aside his food to lean his face on his hands. "Cause I... It wasn't my choice." Percy didn't like that pause there, but he didn't want to pry. Too much anyway. "Any family?" "Yeah..." Nico whispered the last answer, a tone in his emotion of loneliness he hadn't meant to convey lacing that single word and hung in the air when neither of them spoke. He didn't like talking about his family. Not after his mother... Especially not after his sister... He felt like he was about to cry, right as the bell rang and an announcement came on. "Students, please come to the auditorium for a special presentation." Thank gods; no one would see his tears. Nico covered his head as the kids passed by, till almost no one was there, and then looked at Percy with a single tear in his eyes. He was surprised he was still there. Percy paused to make sure he heard Nico correctly. From his words he sounded like he lost someone. Percy couldn't help the ache in his heart. He remembered a time where he truly thought his mother was dead and leaving his in the hands of his monstrous step father, Gabe. Percy had a brief memory of a whip slashed down his back. He held in a whimpering and the tears before pushing the memory away. "I understand how you feel. I had thought I lost someone for a year till I found they tricked me to think she was dead." Percy grabbed his hand and before he knew what he was doing wiped away his tear. He had the urge to cradle Nico and comfort his till all his tears were gone. Nico deserved it, though Percy longed to have that comfort. All he got was even more pain and misery. Percy threw all caution to the wind and brought Nico into a hug. "Its okay, Nico you don't have to continue what you're saying. I understand what your feeling." Tears welled up in Percy's eyes and for the first time in his life, he let them go. He never knew how much he was hurting until he met Nico Di Angelo. Nico tensed up at first before he started to sob in Percy's arms. He felt safe and secure for the first time in months. His tears rolling down his face he leaned into Percy like a child. That's all he felt he was though, a child that had lost him mum as he felt Percy tighten his grip, looked up for one moment and soon as he saw his tears, knowing that he was hurting too. Nico never wanted to move from that spot so he just curled again against Percy's shoulder "Shh, you're alright Nico," Percy murmured loud enough for Nico to hear. Percy tried to remember the last time someone had pulled him into a hug. His memories gave him nothing but afflictions and pain, Percy clenched his fist that wasn't comforting the small boy in his arms as more tears fell. The last thing he ever wanted to do was hurt him. Nico reminded him of himself, not totally in the same situation but they were both familiar with painful memories and grief. Percy just wanted to protect Nico and whispered to himself, "Why does everything horrible happen to me and Nico. How is that fair." "It's not, Jackson." A sly voice said from behind him. "And it's because you two are always in the wrong place at the wrong time." Percy let go of Nico and stood up, hands clenched into fists as he spun around to face the all too familiar owner of that voice. Luke stood there, arms crossed over his chest as he smirked, about three goons just behind him. Some golden tan broot, a shady looking sleeze, and the kid with the eye patch over his eye that made him look more like a wannabe pirate than anything really. "Go away Luke." Nico said, not looking at him. "Why?" He asked casually. "So you can flirt in private? Oh, wait, that's right, you're not that secret about it, Fags." Percy noticed Nico visibly flinch at the words, and that made him even madder. "Take your gang of drones and get the hell out of here, Luke." Percy hissed. "Why?" He asked. "I thought we were friends, Jackson. You told me about how Gabe was a fucking abusive father and everything. What happened?" That name had caught Nico's attention immediately, he knew the name but brushed the suspicion as it was too much of a coincidence to mean something to him. "You changed." Percy growled, getting in Luke's face. "Now leave us alone. Shouldn't you be in the auditorium?" "Shouldn't you?" He asked back, not even seemingly fazed by the closeness. "We're finishing lunch." Nico answered, not likening how this was going. Normally, he would run, but this was different. He wanted to stay with Percy. "Now leave." Luke shrugged, nodding his head to the three goons behind him. The golden tan one grunted as he and the other two started for the exit door to the hallway. But to Nico's surprise, Luke stayed behind. He had a serpentine smile on his face that made him want to kick it right off, or hide for the rest of the day in his own locker. And Nico never felt like hiding like that. A locker? Too tight a space. "Percy, you know we still have an opening for you with us." Luke said kindly, and it was truly kind. "Come on, ditch him and let's be friends again." "After you betraying me? Bullying me?" Percy spat, an angry flash in his eyes. "Not a chance in Tartarus." Luke sighed as he sauntered to the door. "You'll change your mind soon enough." Then he was gone. Leaving Nico and Percy all alone in the lunch room. Nico looked uneasily at Percy, who still had his fists clenched so tight he had white knuckles and his jaw was locked in place. Nico didn't exactly know what to do, seeing as he usually didn't interact this much with any human being sense his sister's passing. So, he did what his sister used to do to him. Taking one of Percy's clenched hands in his; he looked into those raging sea green eyes. "Wanna talk about it?" "Leave me-" "No." Nico said, holding onto Percy's hand as he tried to pull it away. "What did he mean by Gabe being an abusive father?" Percy stiffened. Should he tell Nico? He was a complete stranger, they had just met. Why