The thick foul smoke of the mountain choked him with its stink. The plains outside had reeked with it but here, at the heart of Orodruin, the fumes crept down his throat like something alive. Every breath was a struggle. The heat was like nothing he had ever felt. It made him sweat like a Man, pant like a Man. Strands of his hair were sticking to his skin. The touch of evil seemed to fill the hall around him, and even Vilya on his finger was not eager to try its power against it. They had come to the overlook of Sammath Naur. Far below, the molten stone moved and steamed with active malice. Great magic had been worked here in this elemental forge, and the echoes could still be felt now; likely would still be able to be felt for a thousand years to come. He turned to the mortal King who shadowed his footsteps. "Come!" He cried. "Cast it into the fire!" Isildur was holding the plain-banded ring between fore-finger and thumb, turning it back and forth to catch the light. Even now, knowing what it was and all it meant, all it could do, the malice it held was a quiet thing, hiding in the gold like a serpent in the grass. He did not like to have it so close. But they had come so far and done more than he'd had any hope for, and now only one small task yet remained to cast down Sauron and all his works and end the font of all evil in Middle-Earth. "Destroy it!" he shouted, when the Man hesitated. Was it not simple enough? Had he not seen the evils that Ring brought? The Man smiled. It was, he realised with growing horror, an evil look. "No," Isildur-King muttered, and before he could act, move to check him, he had turned and was striding away, back towards the foul sky and less foul air. Elrond returned to awareness of the world staring up at the dome of night, illuminated by the tender light of the stars. He let out a slow breath, banishing the dream from his thoughts. There was no need to question why that memory was preying on his mind; it had been a moment in which many horrors could have been prevented, not least those most recent losses beneath the shadow of the Lonely Mountain. He rose from the soft grass and surveyed their camp. They had stopped merely to rest the horses, taking their own brief respite in shifts. If this was a retreat, at least it was an orderly one, and they were not pursued. As refreshed as any elf could hope to be under the circumstances, he had certain duties to attend to. Awakening the energies of Vilya with a whispered word, Elrond made his way through the camp to the tents they had swiftly raised to house the wounded overnight. Those who could not be fitted upon the wagons had needed to be carried, but that was a task no elf would shirk. Now those stretchers lay upon the ground, and those they bore lay in the stupors of healing, or shivering from the effort of suppressing their pain. The army's stocks of healing herbs had been used up days ago. The last time Elrond had seen wounds like this, he reflected, had been three thousand years ago upon the blasted plains of Mordor. Dragon fire held a spark of the Maiars' power; it clung to flesh and was not easily extinguished. Many had died from it, their armour fusing to their skin and their lungs burning to char when they could inhale naught but flame. Worse though were those who survived. Though nerves would be sundered in the immediate aftermath, and elven nature meant no need to fear infection of the open skin, the process of healing could not easily be predicted. For some those nerves grew back too quickly, when all was still raw. He had known some to be driven from their minds in their agony until at last the burden became enough to drive their spirits to the Halls of Mandos. Where even the worst burns of natural fire might be healed in a mere decade or so, dragon burns might take centuries, and would result in scars that elves were never meant to bear. King Thranduil had scarred thus. Elrond had tended to him in the aftermath, as he had tended to so many others. He remembered the hints of pale bone that flashed white from beneath the black char of his face, the shrivelled, crisped muscle of his neck and shoulder, the bubbled, melted fat and skin of his arm and chest. It had healed, even that burned horror which would have spelt the death of Man or Dwarf, but even a thousand years later, when Thranduil had still been willing to let Elrond see beneath the glamour he'd woven, it had left him blind in one eye and half his face a monstrosity of twisted tissue. If caught from the wrong angle like that, Thranduil had looked like an orc, although of course Elrond would never be cruel enough to tell him so. And now there were nearly a hundred like him, to a greater or lesser degree. Nearly a hundred elves who would never return to the perfect forms Eru had made them. Evil had touched them and would mark them forever, and not all of them would be as skilled with glamours as King Thranduil had been. Some might make the choice to go early to the Halls, and he could not truly blame them. He moved amongst them now, letting loose the healing energies of Vilya to ease pain, to help the flow of blood, to spur on healing. It was tiring work spiritually, if not physically, but he would never do less than put his all into it. "My lord Elrond?" He turned to see a somewhat familiar face – a red-haired, female Silvan elf. She had been one of Prince – no, King now – Legolas Thranduillion's advisors at the battle. Tauriel. "Yes?" He said, his hands not yet leaving the back of his current charge, who had ducked the dragon's fire, but not low enough. "It's the King, my lord," she said. "There's something not right." Elrond did not know much of her, but he had seen enough of her character to know she would not disturb him for something that was not a serious matter. He rose, tucking Vilya's magic away once more, and followed her out of the tent. King Legolas was resting not far away, under a sparse and wiry pine, watched over by a small contingent of the Lasgalen guard. At first nothing appeared to be amiss, but on approach it soon became apparent that his rest was not the normal elven ease, but marred by something feverish, with glassy eyes and beading sweat. He held his healing stump tucked close into his chest, cradling it with his remaining hand. Elrond frowned, bending to lay a hand upon the young elf's forehead, his senses questing out to find the source of his pain. "His arm," he said softly, drawing his hand back with a hiss. Yes, something was most certainly wrong here. A darkness lay upon Legolas Thranduillion that should not be. A darkness emanating from his wound, which had before this been well on its way to healing over. He lifted the stump carefully, easing it away from Legolas' body and noting the tenseness in his muscles. Unwrapping the bandages that lay upon the wound, both he and Tauriel let out startled breaths of shock. Dark lines of infection swept up the elven-king's forearm, the healing skin now reddened and swollen. It was not hot to the touch, as the malady of a Man, but deathly cold instead. This was nothing natural, even had there existed a rot that would take its hold in elven flesh. "This is an infection of the spirit," Elrond said, feeling the stirrings of fear in his heart. "The work of dark magic." "What can be done?" Tauriel asked. Her hands were balled into fists, her knuckles white. "His own strength and will must battle this," Elrond replied grimly. "But I will give him what aid I can. He is strong, and determined. His chances are better than most." "How could this happen!" "The sword the Halfling bears... it was once forged in Gondolin, many thousands of years ago. Now it has known the taint of the One Ring, and no doubt the dark thing that creature became gave it some fell name. I can only suppose it had not thus been named before – now its nature has been perverted to some dark end. It is lucky we of the Council were able to keep him from the greater battle, else I fear we should be seeing many more wounds like this." This new evil only made him more certain that they should not have left the field but continued to press on. Even with what little, unprepared strength they had been able to bring to bear there was nothing to be gained by leaving black things to fester. He had been the one crossing blades with that quick, lithe little being and he had felt it tiring. Surely if they had persevered... even just to kill it, and leave the dragon for later... But he had been overruled in the vote by the Istari, and he was certainly willing to admit that they were wise in ways that even he did not fully appreciate at all times. Particularly not the strange, brown-robed one. "I will keep a close watch on him," he said, re-wrapping Legolas' wound and rising. "Have hope, Tauriel. There is always hope, as long as Good remains in Middle-Earth." As he left for the others who needed his skills though, Elrond reflected that he was no longer certain that that was true. "I warned you Gandalf that no good would come of associating with these Halflings ," Saruman told him. Gandalf nodded, but in truth he was barely listening. He was well aware of his own mistakes. His own blindness. Overconfidence. He had been so focused on the greater picture of the workings of Middle-Earth that he had failed to pay attention to the evidence of his own senses. He had known that something was wrong, some strange quirk of behaviour that Bilbo had picked up in his journey through the goblin tunnels, he had even known that there had been a ring, but he had never suspected... He had been a fool! Why had he not at least asked the merest question? Asked to see the thing? If he had only thought ...! But then, what if he had asked, and then picked it up... One of the Istari under the sway of the Ring would be an evil even greater than that which now sat in the heart of Erebor. You cannot dwell on the past . The voice of the Lady Galadriel was, as ever, a balm. She stood, graceful and beautiful and unchanging, seemingly untouched by the horrors of these past days. There is no-one here who has not erred. The future is clouded, and always in motion. This could not have been foreseen. By my actions a good and gentle soul has been corrupted by evil, Gandalf replied. And now the kindest thing I can do for him is to kill him. "At least now we know the location of the Master Ring," Saruman was saying. "Once this Halfling creature has been slain, we will be able to put its power to proper use!" "No!" Lord Elrond said, joining their conversation for the first time that evening. "If we have learned nothing else from this, at least we have learned that the Ring must not be used! It must be destroyed, as it should have been