Disclaimer: Everything you see here is J.K. Rowling's. Except for Jamie, Luka, and Ariana. In the End… (Together We Stand Book 7) They say that a person's true character is revealed with how they act in true adversity. Seventh Year never looked like it was going to be a good one. There was no home for NEWTs, no looking forward to lazy Sundays lounging by the lake, talking about what careers we were going to get. It was like the entire future was ripped away from us. There was only one inevitability on the horizon— war. The dark times were descending, and there was nothing anyone could do about it except— fight. Chapter 1- Calm Before the Storm CRACK! The once silent lane is disturbed by the sound of apparation, my apparation to be exact. I chuckle lightly to myself at the pair of disgruntled birds who fly away from the vicinity of me. I have only been here twice before, but I was getting an appreciative feel for the private people who live on Chesser Loan. I had only been to Scotland a few times in my life before, but I could see why people would want to come here, a much different feel from England though still technically in the UK, a world apart though. I quietly crunch down the lane taking my time in getting towards the house that I'm looking for. I slowly feel the tension that has rested squarely between my shoulder blades lessen each step I take closer to my destination. As much as I love my family— and I do, they can all get to be a bit much. I get to the end of the lane and stop at the gate on the corner. I push open the small gate, which creaks with age. I continue up the slightly clopping lawn until I climb to the small porch on the front of the house. I stop at the door, and knock out a before agreed upon rhythm on the wood. I can hear the sounds of shuffling from inside, and wait for the door to be opened. After a minute the door is flung open and standing before me looking like a tempest of beautiful fury is none other than Ariana Dumbledore, my girlfriend. It still quirks a smile to my lips whenever I think of her as such. "Well don't just stand there, get in here before anyone notices." Ariana huffs. My smile drops quickly and I slide past her into the house before she shuts the door and arms the house again with a quick protective spell. I clasp my hands behind me still much to off put to be here even when this is not my first time here. When I was younger I had always assumed that McGonagall had just lived at the castle like I had assumed most professors did. Being in her home feels like I'm intruding on something private, even though she told me weeks ago that there was nothing for me to worry about, that I was welcome here anytime. "Are you okay Ari? I got your owl. You seemed distressed." I say glancing at the girl who has gone back to looking extremely agitated. "No I'm not okay. I have a serious bone to pick with Hermione." She growls storming into the living room. I follow behind her unsure exactly how to deal with this new information. After Professor Dumbledore's death Ariana had been near inconsolable for two weeks. Then its like the switch flipped in her, and we've all been dealing with this fiery anger ever since. "What has Hermione done?" I ask, feeling so lost already and only at the beginning of the discussion. "She didn't squash Skeeter when she had the chance. I always knew she was a cockroach, but I didn't realize how fitting that really was." She says flinging herself back down on the overstuffed green couch, and pulling the red tartan blanket off the back of it around herself like a shield. I know what this is about. I make my way over to her, and sink down next to her grabbing the Prophet off of the table in front of her. Across the bottom half of the front page a smaller headline is set over a picture of Dumbledore striding along looking harried: DUMBLEDORE — THE TRUTH AT LAST? Coming next week, the shocking story of the flawed genius considered by many to be the greatest wizard of his generation. Stripping away the popular image of serene, silver-bearded wisdom, Rita Skeeter reveals the disturbed childhood, the lawless youth, the lifelong feuds, and the guilty secrets that Dumbledore carried to his grave. WHY was the man tipped to be Minister of Magic content to remain a mere headmaster? WHAT was the real purpose of the secret organization known as the Order of the Phoenix? HOW did Dumbledore really meet his end? The answers to these and many more questions are explored in the explosive new biography, The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, by Rita Skeeter, exclusively interviewed by Betty Braithwaite, page 13, inside. Sighing I open up the paper to the proper pages. It is a miracle if I actually get to read the paper at home since there are so many bodies curious about what is or isn't being said about the going's on in the world. Usually by the time that I get it, its lining the bottom of an owl cage, virtually unrecognizable, so I've taken to reading my news over people's shoulders or not at all. I find the article, and steel myself for something that I most likely won't like. In person, Rita Skeeter is much warmer and softer than her famously ferocious quill-portraits might suggest. Greeting me in the hallway of her cozy home, she leads me straight into the kitchen for a cup of tea, a slice of pound cake and, it goes without saying, a steaming vat of freshest gossip. "Well, of course, Dumbledore is a biographer's dream," says Skeeter. "Such a long, full life. I'm sure my book will be the first of very, very many." Skeeter was certainly quick off the mark. Her nine-hundred-page book was completed a mere four weeks after Dumbledore's mysterious death in June. I ask her how she managed this superfast feat. "Oh, when you've been a journalist as long as I have, working to a deadline is second nature. I knew that the Wizarding world was clamoring for the full story and I wanted to be the first to meet that need." I mention the recent, widely publicized remarks of Elphias Doge, Special Advisor to the Wizengamot and longstanding friend of Albus Dumbledore's, that "Skeeter's book contains less fact than a Chocolate Frog card." Skeeter throws back her head and laughs. "Darling Dodgy! I remember interviewing him a few years back about merpeople rights, bless him. Completely gaga, seemed to think we were sitting at the bottom of Lake Windermere, kept telling me to watch out for trout." And yet Elphias Doge's accusations of inaccuracy have been echoed in many places. Does Skeeter really feel that four short weeks have been enough to gain a full picture of Dumbledore's long and extraordinary life? "Oh, my dear," beams Skeeter, rapping me affectionately across the knuckles, "you know as well as I do how much information can be generated by a fat bag of Galleons, a refusal to hear the word 'no,' and a nice sharp Quick-Quotes Quill! People were queuing to dish the dirt on Dumbledore anyway. Not everyone thought he was so wonderful, you know — he trod on an awful lot of important toes. But old Dodgy Doge can get off his high hippogriff, because I've had access to a source most journalists would swap their wands for, one who has never spoken in public before and who was close to Dumbledore during the most turbulent and disturbing phase of his youth." The advance publicity for Skeeter's biography has certainly suggested that there will be shocks in store for those who believe Dumbledore to have led a blameless life. What were the biggest surprises she uncovered, I ask? "Now, come off it, Betty, I'm not giving away all the highlights before anybody's bought the book!" laughs Skeeter. "But I can promise that anybody who still thinks Dumbledore was white as his beard is in for a rude awakening! Let's just say that nobody hearing him rage against You-Know-Who would have dreamed that he dabbled in the Dark Arts himself in his youth! And for a wizard who spent his later years pleading for tolerance, he wasn't exactly broad-minded when he was younger! Yes, Albus Dumbledore had an extremely murky past, not to mention that very fishy family, which he worked so hard to keep hushed up." I ask whether Skeeter is referring to Dumbledore's brother, Aberforth, whose conviction by the Wizengamot for misuse of magic caused a minor scandal fifteen years ago. "Oh, Aberforth is just the tip of the dung heap," laughs Skeeter. "No, no, I'm talking about much worse than a brother with a fondness for fiddling about with goats, worse even than the Muggle-maiming father — Dumbledore couldn't keep either of them quiet anyway, they were both charged by the Wizengamot. No, it's the mother and the sister that intrigued me, and a little digging uncovered a positive nest of nastiness — but, as I say, you'll have to wait for chapters nine to twelve for full details. All I can say now is, it's no wonder Dumbledore never talked about how his nose got broken." Family skeletons notwithstanding, does Skeeter deny the brilliance that led to Dumbledore's many magical discoveries? "He had brains," she concedes, "although many now question whether he could really take full credit for all of his supposed achievements. As I reveal in chapter sixteen, Ivor Dillonsby claims he had already discovered eight uses of dragon's blood when Dumbledore 'borrowed' his papers." But the importance of some of Dumbledore's achievements cannot, I venture, be denied. What of his famous defeat of Grindelwald? "Oh, now, I'm glad you mentioned Grindelwald," says Skeeter with a tantalizing smile. "I'm afraid those who go dewy-eyed over Dumbledore's spectacular victory must brace themselves for a bombshell — or perhaps a Dungbomb. Very dirty business indeed. All I'll say is, don't be so sure that there really was the spectacular duel of legend. After they've read my book, people may be forced to conclude that Grindelwald simply conjured a white handkerchief from the end of his wand and came quietly!" Skeeter refuses to give any more away on this intriguing subject, so we turn instead to the relationship that will undoubtedly fascinate her readers more than any other. "Oh yes," says Skeeter, nodding briskly, "I devote an entire chapter to the whole Potter–Dumbledore relationship. It's been called unhealthy, even sinister. Again, your readers will have to buy my book for the whole story, but there is no question that Dumbledore took an unnatural interest in Potter from the word go. Whether that was really in the boy's best interests — well, we'll see. It's certainly an open secret that Potter has had a most troubled adolescence." I ask whether Skeeter is still in touch with Harry Potter, whom she so famously interviewed last year: a breakthrough piece in which Potter spoke exclusively of his conviction that You-Know-Who had returned. "Oh, yes, we've developed a close bond," says Skeeter. "Poor Potter has few real friends, and we met at one of the most testing moments of his life — the Triwizard Tournament. I am probably one of the only people alive who can say that they know the real Harry Potter." Which leads us neatly to the many rumors still circulating about Dumbledore's final hours. Does Skeeter believe that Potter was there when Dumbledore died? "Well, I don't want to say too much — it's all in the book —