This is my first ever Hunger Games Fanfic...I've been thinking about it for a while now and have it loosely planned out, but I'm writing as I go for the most part. Enjoy, I guess...R&R. "Hey, Sky!" my cousin, Riegan, shouted from behind me. "Rieg, I'm right in front of you," I said, rubbing my ear. "I know," he said. "I just thought I'd make you deaf." He smiled. "I just thought I'd make you deaf," I mocked. "I just thought I'd make you deaf," he mocked back. We went back and forth until it wasn't words anymore, and we were very loud. "Other people are here, too!" Rieg's brother, Kyle said. "He started it," I said at the same time that Rieg said, "She started it!" "No, I didn't!" we both said in unison. "If you hadn't started mocking me," Rieg said, at the same time I said, "If you hadn't yelled in my ear…" and it was a jumble of words after that. "STOP!" my dad, Gale Hawthorne, interjected. "I do not care who started it; I am going to end it! This is our first day in Four, and we're not spending it fighting." "Aw, it was getting to the good part," Rieg's dad, Rory Hawthorne, whined. "Rory!" Rory's wife, Eleanor Rhees-Hawthorne, said, smacking him on the arm. "Well, it's true," Johanna Mason-Hawthorne defended. "Hey, Sky," Rieg whispered, making sure no one else could hear. "On three, sprint to the beach, okay?" I nodded once. "Okay," I said. "One." "Two," Rieg said. "THREE!" we both said before running full speed in the direction of the lake. Of course I was really, really fast, bit Riegan was faster; just a little bit faster. Of course he was faster. I don't believe we've met. My name is Skyler Hawthorne, and I'm 15 years old. My parents are Johanna Mason and Gale Hawthorne, and they tend to fight a lot. I have a younger brother, Jace, who is 14. My cousin is Riegan Hawthorne, who is only 9 months older than me (now 16, who I hang out with a whole lot because I don't really make friends. He is the only person I actually consider a friend, other than Finnick Odair (the son, of course), who is my best friend, and has been since I met him. I still remember the day. Riegan's brother is Kyle, who is older than my brother by a couple of weeks. I would have liked him if he didn't talk trash about people behind their backs. "Beat...you...again," Rieg said, panting, hands on his knees. "Only...by...a...second," I said, copying Rieg. "Swim?" he said. "Let's go now," I said. "The water's still cool." So we headed into the ocean of District 4, waiting for the rest to come. Even when Fall's almost over, District 4 is still warm-ish. We swam further than anyone dared to even try to go. Except, of course, Finnick and Annie Odair. It earned us some terrified and awed stares from some teens the first time we went that far. I still remember what I said: "Yeah, yeah. We're not too scared to go out that far. Big deal!" I was born in District 2, but Dad was originally from District 12 and Mom was from District 7. I've been to Districts 1, 2, 3, 7, and 11. We didn't do much in District 1. Nobody we knew lived in District 1, so it was pretty dull, except for the spear throwing. District 2 was okay, with the real good throwing knives, and the swords (which they said only guys can handle until I shut them up) to practice with. District 3 was the bomb! Literally. They have so many wires, your head could explode. Beetee was real nice to us, and even taught us a few tricks, which I mastered easily, but Rieg, of course, was better. This is our second visit to Four. The first time, I was mostly with Riegan and Finnick, and I visited Mrs. Everdeen a lot. She even took me to the hospital she works in to help out. District 7 was awesome, but I wasn't very good with an axe. Eleven was so hot! Even in Winter it was warm, but at least I know my edible plants. For some reason, Dad is too reluctant to go to Twelve. Every time it's brought up, Dad would change the subject, Mom would get mad, and a fight happens. We swam to the spot where I met Finnick, hoping to see him there. I haven't seen him in over two years with all that traveling. I really hoped to see him there; I really missed him. You could find it if you walk or swim far enough, where the beach sand and the forest meet. I swam there with Rieg, thinking about the first time I met Finnick. It was a sunny spring day, and the air was perfect for a swim on the beach. Mom and I were sitting on a beach towel-Mom in her favorite tan tank top and her black short shorts, and me in my favorite sky blue tank top and a blue, white, a very dark pink, and black baggy boy' shorts, with the black and pink as smoke or fog, and the white lightning outlined in neon blue-while the Rieg, Dad, and Uncle Rory were swimming, and Aunt Eleanor went to get our lunch and refreshments. My mom hated the water, was very afraid of it, because Snow had used water to torture her in the Capitol. Of course, being Skyler, I went out to places I never knew so I can get to know them. I told Mom that I'd be back soon. " You better," Mom had said. "We're meeting the Odairs in an hour and a half." " Okay. Tell Rieg I'm gone 'cause he took too long, please." " Got it," Mom said. So I walked along the shore, occasionally coming across a shell or a crab. I walked for what seemed like hours without Riegan. I sighed. Things weren't as fun without Rieg. I walked until I saw the sand fading to grass and trees. I was in a forest. I looked up to see a boy, not very old, about my age, about a head taller than me, his back turned to me. He had on a black muscle shirt, shorts a lot like mine, except his were white with complicated black swirls and lines. Without thinking, I stepped forward, and a branch snapped. Great. What happened to quiet, sneaky Skyler? He turned around very quickly. His bronze hair was falling into his blue-green eyes. I flashed my winning, dazzling, pearly white smile. "Hey there," I said. He flashed almost the exact same smile, except more flirty. "Hey," he said flirtatiously. I rolled my eyes. "Great you're one of those guys," I said, no longer smiling. I turned around to walk away. " What do you mean, 'one of those guys'?" he said, no longer smiling either. I think I offended him. " I mean the flirty guys that always think, 'Oh I'm so hot, I can get any girl I want. '" " Come on! Like you don't do that," he said. " I don't," I said matter-of-factly. He scoffed. "What about that smile you put on before?" " Oh that?" I said, rolling my eyes. "I always put on that smile when I see people. It's called 'I'm gonna not hurt as long as you stay out of my bad side.'" " Well you could win a Capitol audience with that smile," he said. He seemed like he hated the Capitol. "Any audience, really." I looked at him weirdly. " It was a compliment," he said. " Yeah, I'm not a huge fan of the Capitol," I said. "But thanks anyway. You would win an audience too, I guess." He flashed the smile again. "Thanks, but I'm not a fan of them either." " Why?" I said. " They killed my dad, and my mom went mad because she was in the Games. My dad was in the Games, too." " The Hunger Games?" I said, surprised. " Yeah," he said quietly. "What about you? Why don't you like them?" " My mom was in the games, twice, and they tortured her, too." " My dad was in the games twice, too!" We had a moment of silence. I didn't know why, but I felt like I could trust him. " My mom's not mad anymore, by the way. She's been sane since I was born." " Well, that's good to know," I said, and I realized that I actually meant it. I just remembered that I had to go back before it was too late. "Well, I gotta go. I have to meet some people." " Yeah, me, too," he said. "See ya." " Nice meeting you," I said. The next part came out before I could think. "Same time tomorrow?" " Uh, yeah sure," he said. "You new here?" " Yeah. That obvious?" " No. I just haven't seen you before now. And girls hang out with me only because of my famous parents and, of course, my good looks." He said the last part a bit cockily, with a dazzling smile. " Whatever," I said, rolling my eyes. A smile playing on my lips. "That's the reason people want to hang out with me and my cousin. But we don't really make friends." " Really? Why?" He said. "You seem nice." " I'm not really nice. Trust me. And I scare people." " Really? You nice to me now," he said. " Because you don't seem like those people," I said. "And," I said, looking him over, "I like your style." " I like your style, too. What would you say if I was one of 'those people'?" " Boo," I said, with the face I always put on. " You're right. That is scary." " Yeah, I know," I said. "Well, I really have to go." " Me too," he said. "See you around, uh …" " I don't believe we officially met," I said extending my hand. He shook my hand. "Finnick Odair. But people call me Finn." " Skyler Hawthorne." Then it hit us at the same time. "We're supposed to meet you ," we both said in unison. " Weird," I said. " I know," he replied. " You wanna walk?" " Sure. And I'm supposed to show you around," he said. We walked back to Mom and the rest of my family, eating and drinking without me. With Finnick to talk to, it didn't seem as boring as it was walking to the forest. When we were closer to the beach blanket, my family just stared back and forth from me to Finnick. Finnick leaned over to me and whispered, "Your family scares me." " I know. They scare a lot of people. Don't show fear. Keep walking." As soon as we reached there, Mom and Aunt Eleanor stared at me. "You made a friend," they said in unison. " Yeah. I know," I said. " So fast?" Rieg said teasingly. " Yeah. So?" I said. " Seems like a boyfriend to me," he teased. " Seems like a boyfriend to me," I mocked. " Seems like a boyfriend to me," he mocked back. Well, you know where it goes from there. " HEY!" Dad, Mom, Uncle Rory, and Aunt Eleanor yelled. " As much as I would love to see where this goes," Mom said, "stop it." " So is this usual for you guys?" Finnick asked. " Yeah," I said, "but there's much, much worse. And you get to see it if you're close to us." " And you do this all the time?" Finnick asked. I couldn't tell if he was scared, exited, or both. " Yeah," Rieg said. " It's like 'I love you,'" I said. " Well you never