The Hunger Games trilogy is owned by Suzanne Collins. I am making no money from this endeavor. As for any original content: Any likeness, similarities, and resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, places, and events are unintentional and purely coincidental. WARNING: This story contains forced prostitution and non-con situations. It's very dark and if you have any issues with the above then DO NOT READ. For want of a nail the shoe was lost For want of a shoe the horse was lost For want of a horse the rider was lost For want of a rider the message was lost For want of a message the battle was lost For want of a battle the kingdom was lost And all for the want of a horseshoe nail For the want of a gold ring, the Hunger Games was lost... Only Glimmer wasn't want for anything. They hadn't found the poisoned spike hidden in her token. She had a leg up on the competition and she had every intention of using it. She didn't train at the best Academy District 1 had to offer as well as apprentice under former winner Cashmere for nothing. Glimmer Tailor was the only daughter of the distinguished Tailors of District 1. They worked solely with silks, pashmina, satin, mohair, angora, and other fine fibers and fabrics too luxurious for District 8. As with most families rich enough in District's 1, 2, and 4; they sent their children to train for the Games at age eight. Each Academy had a specialty and turned out plenty of winners. The most hailing from District 2 but they were the only ones foolish enough to consider the Games an honor. Districts 1 and 4 saw it for what it was: a tournament of blood for the enjoyment of the Capitol Citizens. They could not rebel lest they end up like District 13 or fall out of favor then end up like the poorer Districts such as 11 or 12. The Luxury district sacrificed their children but they also enjoyed privileges that most of Panem did not. So the best the citizens of 1 could do was send their children to the Academy and the children did as well as they could. What more could a child ask for? They were given a fighting chance and advantages most Districts did not; if the odds were not in their favor then it was what it was. No one ever volunteered in the Luxury district, that nonsense was saved for the brutes of 2. When Glimmer first attended the training facility, she ran through a gamut of weaponry. The basic concept was for the trainers to get an idea of what she had a natural talent for and solely focus on that for her tenure in the Academy. Little eight-year old Glimmer was not having a good first week at her special school. She was used to pretty dresses made of the finest materials and the uniform they provided was the low quality stuff from District 8. The textile district made them from wool that itched and made her uncomfortable. She was quickly disciplined not to complain or talk back about the comforts of home. She missed her mother, the woman with gentle green eyes that told her she was doing the best she could for her daughter but wishes there was another way. Mrs. Tailor had come from a family of diamond miners, way below the station of her father Mr. Tailor. But something about Periodot Carot caught his eye and they were married after a few months of courting. She had told her the perilous life of a diamond miner, how dark the caverns were and little oxygen that plagued them. Miners and others who did the back breaking work of luxury production never fared well in the Games. Periodot had lost too many brothers and cousins to do anything but make sure her daughter got the best chance she could at surviving. Glimmer was in the class of other first years, all of them skinny and more legs than body. Marvel Foundation, heir to the finest cosmetics factory, was showing off his skills with a spear. Although small for his age, the trainers fawned over his natural talent. They assured him that he would grow into his frame and although a bit dimwitted he was the favorite for their class. There were others that stood out as well. Champagne Nova, heir to the only vineyards in all of Panem and supplier of exquisite wines to the Capitol, was deft with the hand scythe. He could quickly cut off any digit in mere seconds. He wasn't strong enough to cut off an entire limb, his small hands couldn't cut through the thicker bones of the wrists but they were sure in the four years before he was eligible to be Reaped he'd learn that and more. Then there was Sparkle Minecraft, heiress to the diamond mine Glimmer's mother's family had worked in for generations. She remembered her mother's tales of the harsh owner who worked them well past dark and in notoriously bad conditions. The Minecraft successor knew Glimmer's pedigree very well and never missed a chance to remind her that she didn't belong at the Academy with the rest of them. It also didn't help that Glimmer was hopeless at every weapon she attempted. She couldn't balance the spear or hold it up long enough to throw. She wasn't coordinated enough to handle short range weapons like throwing knives. She wasn't strong enough to draw a bow back and aim correctly. The teachers soon ignored her for her more gifted classmates. They would work with her in exercise regimes but other than that they did the bare minimum with trying to help her do better. "Bloodbath fodder, no doubt about it," she heard one trainer mutter under his breath. Bloodbath fodder was what they called the Tributes that didn't stand a chance. They usually consisted of the poor Districts like 12 or the foolish Tributes that were better off but had absolutely no training, usually from 5, 7, 8, 9 or 10. No one ever remembered their names and they never made it past the initial day of the Games. It frustrated Glimmer greatly because she was sure she was good at something. Her mother told her that everyone was born with a talent; they just had to figure out what that was. She worked harder at making her body stronger and gaining a grace that she never possessed before but nothing impressed them unless it could do actual harm. She had seen the current District 1 mentors, Onyx Walker and Ivory Stone, walk around and make comments on the students. Sometimes they would pick out the ones who stood out the most and take them for some one on one workshops. Normally mentoring took place during the actual Games but if they were cheating already and training them for combat then coaching them on how to win sponsors was a smart strategic move. She was always overlooked and she began to lose hope that she'd ever excel in training. Her best chance was to never be picked. Her odds were not well off, while she would always have the minimum amount of entries there were very few families in the Luxury district to ever need tesserae. One of the drawbacks of having such an affluent district and plenty of winners to provide extra food there wasn't a concentrated population that had a skewed number of entries. Basically every child had the same amount of slips and therefore the same chances of being Reaped. The odds were only against the older children due to having more entries than the younger. It was a trade off because they usually had several years of training under their belt. It wouldn't be until several years later that the odds would turn in her favor. Glimmer was twelve years old and had made it through her first Reaping; as did Marvel, Champagne, and Sparkle. They were all going through the changes of life and it was going better for some than others; particularly Glimmer. Marvel and Champagne were going through awkward voice changes, involuntary erections, and facial hair growing in splotchy random patches. The teachers tried to tell them they were early bloomers and it was a good thing they were getting it out of the way younger and not in the prime Tribute years of fifteen and older. Despite the instructor's attempts at comfort they still blushed deep red when their body reacted against their will to the pretty girls of the Academy. Glimmer was most pleased that the brunt of nature's fury seemed to be aimed at Sparkle. The girl's skin was not doing her any favors as puberty ravaged her face. The diamond heiress was prone to acne and the makeover specialists were at a standstill of what to do. The normal cleansers and creams weren't doing anything. The thick make up, provided by Marvel's family, was counterproductive due to sweating from training. The more make-up they put on her the more acne she got and the more acne she got the more make-up they had to put on. It was a vicious cycle that put Sparkle out of the lead. When the "Shining Trio" of the twelve year old class was at its superficial lowest, Glimmer found her weapon. "Watch where you're swinging that ax Glimmer, you might actually hurt someone with it…on accident," Sparkle said snidely as Marvel and Champagne snickered at her expense. Glimmer was tired of all the mean comments about her abilities and she was certain it was the first of many that day, probably with a few barbs about her mother as well. "Well you should watch where you point your face, it certainly hurts me to look at it," she venomously said back. She didn't know she had it in her and apparently neither did the others. They all visibly flinched at the comeback. Sparkle had wanted to say something in return but the jab at her looks hurt more than she thought words ever could. Her throat clenched and tears welled slightly in her eyes as the stress of not being pretty in a District where looks mattered above all else got to her. It didn't help that nature was being very kind to Glimmer. The lower born girl's skin remained flawless and her body was budding delicately. Sparkle's own curves were coming faster than her body could handle and she felt huge for her age. Her chest jutted out and the quick growth was quite painful. The skin stretched too quickly and she obtained angry red streaks because of it. She couldn't wear delicate little camisoles anymore but actual bras that looked hideous and utilitarian with oversized shirts to cover the blemishes. She squared her shoulders and was intent on not losing that battle to some ill bred miner brat that shouldn't be there. "My mother taught me not to stoop as low as to comment on such things. I guess you got your manners from your low born mother." "If your mother is half as ugly as you then she doesn't have a choice but not to speak of such things. And at least my low born mother doesn't have a daughter that might be sent away to a makeover center," Glimmer replied quickly and without hesitation. The comment was a very low blow as the makeover centers in District 1 were only for the worst cases and desperate families. It was a shame to have a child that needed such lengths to look presentable but it couldn't be helped. The Capitol had high demands they couldn't refuse. The barb set something off in Sparkle and for the first time ever, Glimmer got the best of her. She lunged at the lithe blonde but was thwarted by a nearby instructor. There were strict rules about attacking another student