The Hunger Games trilogy is owned by Suzanne Collins. The Hunger Games film is owned by Suzanne Collins, Lionsgate and their affiliates. I am making no money from this endeavor. As for any original content: Any likeness, similarities, and resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, places, and events are unintentional and purely coincidental. Victory, Panem, Family. Those were the things that mattered above all else. Those words were drilled into Cato's head from the very first time he could speak and understand. Life was fleeting but glory was forever. Cato Marson did not grow up in the lap of luxury. Most in District 2 did not as soft cushions and sparkling trinkets were for the weak and frivolous. The Capitol could keep their shiny fripperies; those in 2 only needed food and blood. He wasn't raised in comfort but he barely grew up with the basic necessities. His father, Augustus Marson, was a marble miner in the quarry; the most dangerous and back breaking work in District 2. As humbly as he grew up, he never resented his father. He always knew the sacrifice his parents made for him day in and day out to provide him with everything he needed. His mother was a uniform washer for the Peacekeepers, her hands dried and cracking from the harsh chemicals to keep them as pristinely white as possible. How could he be angry when neither of his parents' hands were soft? Augustus could have easily been a Peacekeeper. There was honor in protecting Panem and it paid good money but his father had fallen in love with the washer's daughter. He couldn't wait twenty years to marry her. He knew he made the right decision once he held his only son Cato. His pride, his joy, his hope for Victory. Cato's family was poor but proud. They gladly worked double shifts to never take out tesserae. If their son was sent to the Hunger Games then it would be because he was the strongest and most well trained, not because their family was so desperate for food and his name added more than necessary. In District 2, the Reaping was more of a formality. The actual deciding process took place weeks before a Capitol representative even stepped foot into the mountain city. For Augustus, nothing mattered more than to send his only son to the Academy. He couldn't provide much in his life but he would do that one thing for his son: give him the best chance possible to not only go into the Games but win. "Son, we only get one chance to live this life. Once we're dead, there's nothing. We either disappear in history, remembered forever as Victors, or at least honored as fallen Tributes. I don't have much to give you but I will damn sure give you the best chance to live on in Victory. I know you're small but you won't be forever. Learn what you can and excel at the Academy. Make the family proud." Those were the last words Augustus told his son Cato before the child step foot into the Academy. The school was reserved for only those who could afford it, District 2 not wanting to waste any precious resource. If a family couldn't afford the school then they probably couldn't afford food. If they couldn't afford food then the child was most likely underfed and weak; something they couldn't squander any time on. Each Academy in Districts 1, 2, and 4 were different. They operated independently and had different values. District 1 focused on likability as well as ability with weapons. A child was allowed to stay there until they were out of Reaping age. District 4 focused more on survivability, especially in terms of water situations. The sea-faring District made sure that all Tributes were able to swim and could do mouth to mouth resuscitation. Loyalty until the final two was expected of same district Tributes, so District 4 could save their partner in certain situations. District 2, on the other hand, was all about being the fittest and most lethal. If the trainers didn't think the child could possibly win then they weren't considered worthy of the program. There have been cases of potential Tributes making it all the way to eighteen and on their last Reaping then kicked out of the course. Students of all ages and abilities always had to be at the top of their game and ready to win the Games. Why bother training if they couldn't attain Victory? Sometimes Tributes did not make it back but it was not for lack of skill or honor. Even the most stalwart District 2 citizen knew that sometimes the odds were not in their favor. There would be a freak landslide or another Tribute could get a lucky shot in. It was enough for them to make it to the arena. They fought for glory and honor; there was no greater death than that. The Fallen were given special ceremonies and laid to rest in the District 2 cavern, a specially sanctioned part of the mountain that held the honored dead separate from the average citizen. The only ones held in higher esteem were Victors. All were given gilded caskets and clothed in the finest linens. Their names repeated on Remembrance Day, a holiday celebrated only in District 2. Cato surveyed his surroundings, nervously awaiting his turn at the spear throw. He noticed the older boys practicing a few lanes down fling the weapons with ease while his small hands were barely able to grip it steadily at eight years old. The trainers told them they didn't expect experts on their first day but they needed to see what they might be good at. He noticed that he wasn't the smallest boy but he was definitely smaller than most. His father assured him that he wouldn't be diminutive forever, Augustus being a big man himself, and his growth spurt was just waiting to happen. So he steadied his shoulders and flung the weapon with all of his might. It didn't hit dead center but it was an impressive feat for such a small child. The teacher's took note but still did not give him the attention he thought he deserved. He heard quiet whispers in the halls and among the teachers. They thought he had "beginners luck" and that his accomplishments would not amount to much. He was, after all, the poor son of a miner. That spurned him on to work harder and longer than anyone else. Cato Marson would not accept that because he was small or came from humble beginnings it meant he was bound to be a nameless citizen that never amounted to anything. He remembered his father's aching back and his mother's bleeding hands. He remembered the sacrifices they made so that he would have the best life possible. Their work would not be in vain. He was always the first up and in the gym and he would be the last to leave. Although all of District 2 had a strict curfew and schedule that followed them into the Academy, he was given special allowances as a student. He knew that his size was a disadvantage, not only for strength but intimidation. He wanted to be able to strike fear in any Tribute that would dare oppose him. He wanted them to tremble at the very sight of him. As hard as he worked, he still didn't have the special treatment from the trainers. He worried that if he went into general population without the favor of his mentors than no worthy female Tribute would want to stand with him. For the first four years, the Academy broke the classes up by gender. Each set would train as much as they could then they would introduce them to the other classes. It would give the children time to find their niche and then impress a possible partner. No Tribute had ever won without some sort of ally and the best one to get would be their own District partner. If they didn't have the support of their own teammate, then what chance did they have in the arena? They wouldn't kill their own district partner, at least not before all other Tributes had been slain; such a thing would be dishonorable beyond anything they knew. So not only did he need to impress his tutors, he needed to amaze a future partner. Cato finally got his chance when he was eleven, months before his first Reaping and being introduced to the female students. There were no chances that he'd be chosen to go into the arena. Even if his name was picked out of the bowl, an older and more experienced volunteer would take his place. He wouldn't be able to contest it as there was no way an eleven year old would beat a sixteen or older Tribute. There have been brave students that had tried but all failed during the final test of who would go into the Games. Once a Tribute lost his chance to go into the Games then he wouldn't be eligible again due to their District specific rules. There were too many that wanted to go in and they took every chance they got to cull the numerous volunteers. Failure was not an option. He would not risk disgracing his family due to foolish pride. They were having some sort of special lesson that day. Each student, a dozen or so, in his class held their preferred weapon. Cato's was a double edged sword. He learned to wield it methodically and powerfully. He could cut from any angle and even sever a dummy's head. He hated that his teacher's still waited for him to flunk out, not believing a washer's son could excel beyond the Mayor's son or anyone else who came from means. The anger sometimes became overwhelming for him, unable to control the rage that boiled over inside of him. It was as if the emotion was too big for his body and escaped its confines. On more than one occasion he had lost his temper and lashed out; hurting his sparring partner or whoever happened to be unlucky enough to be nearest to him. He had been chided and more than once sent to clean up duty in punishment. They wouldn't kick him out as it was ridiculous to discourage brutality for the Hunger Games but they also couldn't let him continue to harass the other students. They wouldn't be able to turn a blind eye or dismiss his conduct if a student was hurt enough to inform their parents. If the parents were well connected or wealthy enough to ask for a interrogation and Cato found guilty, the Academy would have no choice but to expel him. Although he would sometimes be on thin ice when it came to his temper, he pushed himself harder to show that he ought to be in the Games; more so than anyone else. Every male in his age group stood in an empty room, stark white tile donned the floors and walls; a single black drain in the middle of the room was its only color. Everything about District 2 was some sort of white, black, or grey. Their life was utilitarian and nothing ever wasted on anything beyond the basics. They could enjoy extravagances when they were Victors. Hog tied and gagged was an average sized male. They all thought it odd for him to be there but waited until they were spoken to. They were taught to follow rules not question their superiors. "This is a traitor. He was caught stealing wood in District 7, outside their gates. He stole from Capitol owned land and brought here as a demonstration," Primus, their instructor spoke. His words clipped, never wanting to say more than was absolutely necessary. "This is probably your most important lesson you'll learn at the academy. Kill